===== 0002601_19011011_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE. SALE. SALE. BRUSHES AND FANCY LEATHER GOODS. BE RESFO RD'S. MANUFACTURERS, 77, CHURCH ST., LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
1

FOR CONCERT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. " EXAMINER" OFFICE,

I/V.WBEy STREET, WARRINGTON.

4.# '

oir EVERY DESCRIP LION EXECUTED

JOHN 'WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, 355 x.

44-Dlam the

• ,•N• 1"•,

.241111‘..... • ,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
, , ~,, ..„ r.. ~ . i ; _ . i.., i :4, i •,; ,r,. e, ~, .., i. ~,,,., 7.ir ,i. • . —...— ..—,... , ..... ~..... ...............—...._....._,......__ ....,........... „............__ ..„:„.....11: r .f „, i ii , .. , .:4.•••:, . vo.. 4... , . .., 1 41FP t 1 L t`• t c II 1 . cc. .i., : ../ . 1 ~,I, . , . ,i, 1 . . . I . , I iiit- 'LAI 1 • . . . .. , . . . ,(.... . i i. :'' " . ..... • . . . . . . . . . ~ .. . . . . .

No. 1174.

(ZERGE JACKETS I SERGE JACKETS,! L. 7 Every workman should have one of HAOLJE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-fITREET, Liverpool.

_ 38s. 6D. SOLID OK DINING TABLE. with a quantity of looae leaves extending to 8 feet, on massive solid oak lea. Well worth £.3 10e. A bar- gain. Also another, 6 ft., for 325. 6d. WRAGG, 70, WAVIRRTRICE-ROM). LIVERPOOL.

z 7741

i•

FELIDA.Y, OCTOI3ER 11, 1901.

_ ziIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE ,COMPLAINT MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained fdr It a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs, Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and sfgned on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers. and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS & RON 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul,. London, are 'engraved on the Government Stamp, ijold in Boil at 28.9 d. each by most Mambas.,

\ (tat

By POST {IS 73id per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is gd. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19011011_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXA3IINER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

JOHN WALKER 3r. CO. EXAMINER OFYICE,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU WANT POSTERS, WIN DO W-BILLS,

AND CIRCULARS.

CONCERTS, BAZARS, BALLS,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary ; tut may arranged_ _ TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Inforn- ,d beforehand of work required.

TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Deuziabs of 10,00Cgallons weekly.

Sxors, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST NT EXAM.) '

MANCHESTER_......46, MOSLEY-STREE

(Telephone 1680),

MADDISON ATTENDS ST. D.ELENS • . -....GEORGE-STREET MONDAI , 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET; THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII-- 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION.

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT PITTS'S, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAYTHCIRN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY NOBILITY ETC.

LARGEST PREMISES AND STOCKS ANYWHERE. FIFTY THOUSAND POUNDS WORTH ON VIEW. IMMENSE SHOW WINDOWS, OVER 303 FEET LONG. GRAND BARGAINS. CLEARANCE IMPERATIVE, PITTS'S ANNIVERSARY SALE.—HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 221, 281, 381, 50, 75, 100, 230, up to 1,000 guineas, specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles for this Sale, far SURPASS OTHERS. Full Particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING. GUIDE, containing 700 designs, priced FIFTY PER CENT. BELOW expensive City firms, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments ten per cent. extra. PITTS'S DINING-ROOM SUITES (Second-hand), Magnificent Solid Walnut Suite In rich Oriental saddle- bags, with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small chairs, cost £3O. for £l3; massive spoonback Suite,verV fine heavy frames, in real skin., cost £35 for £l5; grand solid Oak Suite, frame exceptionally heavy and elaboratively carved, very uncommon design, cost £4O for £l7; another similar, in Walnut, £lB. Two Lundred to select from. PITTS'S DINING ,TABLES (Second-hand).--- Solid Brown Ash Table, with oval leaves, coat 35s . for 16s. ; solid Brown Ash Extending Table. cost £2 for 255. ; another larger cost £3, for 355. ; splendid solid Oak Table, extending frame, beautifully figured wood, heavy massive legs, Bft. cost £lO, for £5 lOs ; another 12ft. cost £l2, for £9: suastantial Dining Table, with pine top and extending screw, cost £.2, for 25s ; innumerable Tables, all sizes and designs, in oak, mahogany, and walnut, at exceptionally low prices, up to £5O each ; grand value, -11.111 IT— T

23'S SIDEBOARDS (Second-Hand).—llandy Sideboards, in walnut. latest design, fitted with drawers, cupboards, Sm., coat £7 for £3 58 ; substantial solid Oak Sideboard, massive and bold, cost £lO, for £5 ; very special solid Oak Sideboard, splendid design and workman- ship, cost £l2, for £7 ; marvellous Sideboard. very imposing design, cost £2O, for £9 , grand Walnut Sideboard, coat £24, for £l2. Scores to select from_up to £63 each.

pITTT'S DRAWING-ROOM SUITES (Second- hand),—Artistic Chippendale Suite. Oriental covering. cost £l2, for £6 103 ; Inlaid Mahogany Suite. covered in silk cost £l6. for £9 Chippendale Suite, expensive choice silk Covering, cost £23, for £lO lOs ; exquisite inlaid Rosewood Suite, of chaice character, latest design, beautifully covered In silk tapestry, coat £25, for £l4 ; elegant Louis XV Suite In dark Chippendale Mahogany, beautifully covered. cast £35, for £l9. Over a hundred Suites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each.

pITTS'S DRAWING-ROOM CABINEIS (Second- ban3).—Solid Walnut Cabinet, with carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £5 10s, for £3 ; nicely figured Walnut Cabinet, with marble slab and plate-glass back, cost £7, for ; elegant Chippendale Cabinet, cost £l5 for £7 lOs ; splendki inlaid Itosevrood French Cabinet, beautiful design. cost RN, for R 8 16s ; exquisite inlaid Rosewood Cabinet. exceptionally choice design; would grace any drawing room, cost £3O, for £l5. Scores of others to select from. up to RSJ I each.

PITTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE (Second-limn d Elegant Bedroom Suite, landscape pattern carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £lB. to- £lO ; tasteful Suite in walnut, finely designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors. everything complete, large-sized stands and tables, pedestal. sail, chairs, cost £3O, for £l5 ; magnificent Suite in full number of articles, all large, of best workmanship and design, cost £4O, for £lB ; another similar, cost £3O, for £24. A hundred ethers, up to £)0 each. Overmantels in Infinite variety. Must be promptly cleared out irrespective of profit.

QAMUEL PITT S, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick, and Longsight Cars), OAYTIIORN (all City-road Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

FROM We • _LI VI ELLIAN,

MAKER OF TRH ROYAL CAMBRIAN. 115 SANKEY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

HENDRY'S " ROTHESAY 15 AND 16, LOCH PROMENADE, DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-HOUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from tia. per day (inelualve). R. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

. "TENDING VISITORS TO W BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL To WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTER'S PIER CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24. VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to snit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) catered for. Write at ones for Terms. *Wally

I

r

WHICH :IS THE ;BESII CYCLE? WRY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE

•

II

, , ~ . :P...1 f 4 „ ',,...,:. ...:..4 V, it .P. ," • i'- '..;isA $ ; •••.!,:'•'. • 1:41 ' [ ' I • 4 , iif • •• • i 4 ,•; },e• i : ? : ,!::,,,:•.f• i'- '',, :',•• !,1,-.1 ql „ . -.......... 1 -, , t• i ;•••• i , :""-• ' ' 1 ' • -•. . i . . • ~,.. .. ,- . . , , A4"',• ' ....i, ~., ,1 .I, ~. ~ . ,1t .. ... ~..),, . ......i ..,t, •::, f • ! I tc;•; 1' 1 i.. 7 'l-• • !' i t- -•-•, ;I . • • ,+l,-;,.,1 •••, —1..,, ;4. •••4',....w., , , ?"-• ' . 1 1 . , ~,'•.' ;•.1 , , , , , ,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES OF WORK

TRY JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

SPECIALITY :

SINGLE SIIEET POSTERS, 651 x. a 45nr.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

PROGRAMMES Fon SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOB CONCERTS. PROGRATitmEs FOR FETES, ar.c.

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES von SALES OP WORE.

, PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

I

_

===== 0002601_19011011_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. Since taking your ;pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town.E. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53, New Lloyd-street. Rirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 59, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."---B Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills,"—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeda. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE PACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. "I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, bat before the pills had gone could get about."--John Latham, Oxford-st eat. Coalville East. Leicestershire. E'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—w. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottagea, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They sa7 there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; if that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stoeksbridge, Deepear. EADE'4 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor.

GEOREIB BADS, 232, Goswell-road, London.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
COD AND FLUKE (NowE zErrER)

THIS LAST WEER

===== 0002601_19011011_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AT 2s. 6D. PEIR SCORE,

/ND WILL DO. THE SAME THIS NEXT WEEK.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_19011011_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Mc DO tJG AIL'S PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS IN

===== 0002601_19011011_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARA_GRAPITS.

ANYBODY who knows enough can learn some- thing from anybody else. Mits. HOPEWELL : "But, George, what is a brio- let diamond?" Mr. Hopewell: "One like a pear." Mrs. Hopewell; "Well, then, George, why not buy me a pair and have done with it." AN AFTERTHOUGIIT.—Visitor : "Is there any. thing I can do for you?" Prisoner: " ou might send me a file of newspapers—or any old file." _ .

Tun HARDEST PAR'.—Uccle: "So ye've been etudyin' art, hey? Well, hey ye learnt the busi. nese ?" Nephew: "Not quite, uncle. I haven't learned how to sell my pictures yet." SKIMPEN : "I tnink Mr. Smith must have liked the beefsteak pie. He had two helpings of it." The Tactless Boarder: "Possibly he did it for a wager." Is DISPUTE.—" I understand they fell out the day after they were married." "Yea. The news- papers gave a column notice cf their weddint7' and they disputed as to whether it WA3 because of the prominance of his family or of here." Ma. WHINGLEDY : "Oh, you needn't feel so uppish. You're not the only girl in Pechham." bliss Flashleigh : "No, I'm not the only girt in Peckham who has publicly announced that, he wouldn't have you if you were the iast man on earth." . _ _

"I THOUGHT yon believed in training girls for household rather than business affeirs." "So I do." "And vet your daughter is learning type- writing." "Yes, but. that's an exceptional case. The poor girl hasn't enough aggressive hale. pendence to be a cook." Too SMALL.—The Qeeen once induced Count Schouvaloff, the Russian statesman, who was her guest, to try a game of golf at Balmoral. The Russian did try, but after innumerable misses he turned round to one of the bystanders and said: " Ach, monsieur, it would be a very nies game if the ball were ten times larger. Now let us go home.' Seven.—As he was about to sink for the third time, he of course recalled everything in his past life. His countenance radiated with joy. "Ah !" he exclaimel ; "since I now remember what it we, my wife told me to get to-day, I have no further occasion to drown." And he swem ashore. "WHAT if I were one of those husbands, my dear, who get up cross in the morning and bans things about and kick everything over just because the coffee is cold?" "John." responded his wife, d' I would make it hot for him." As her words admitted of more than one interpretetiou, John raid nothing about the coifs°. "DID you know that eleria Bjones was going to marry young Smith?" "1 knew it; but I cannot understand how a girl as intelligent as she is cat consent to marry a man stupid enough to wane on marry her." WISHED IT WAS.—" It it unutterably sad," she said, "unutterably sad," and went on talking about it. " I wish it wee,' remarked hr husband, when he had a chance to speak. "W is what!" she inquired in astonishment. "Uautterahly sad," and there was a lull. AT CROSS PERPOSZS.—"B ill is is a pleasant sort of chap," remarked one young man. "I don't like him," said the other. "He's too egotistic." "ft's merely a matter of impression. You judged him from his manner that he's egotistic and you feel resentful. He judges from your manner that you think he's egotistic, and he resents your self- opinionated fashion of jumping at conclusions. It's a mistake all roune." SINGLETON "Move you ever experienced the supreme joy that comes from finding in your pocket half-eecrown that you didn't know you had?" Benedict: "No; but my wife has upon several occasions." "I Tem. yon," observed Mr. Oldbey, who was in a moralising frame of mind, "it takes a great deal of courage to say 'No.'" " You're always brave enough to say it when I ask you for money," said Mrs. Oldboy. "Tess average life of an engine only thirty years?" said an astonished passenger. "Why, such a tough-looking thing ought to live longer than that." " Well," said the driver, "perhaps it would if it didn't smoke so much." Tile TRUE CONDITION:-13riggs : "Ds you be- lieve that the world is divided into Iwo classes those who borrow and those who lend ?" Griggs "No, sir. My experience is that two other clasi,es are- much more prevalent—those who want to borrow and those who won't lend." MRS. WORRYTON : "I wish I could fathom something whereby I could keep my husband at home at nights." Mrs. Sootherson : "Get him a bicycle." Mrs. Worryton "That would take him out more than ever." Mrs. Sootherson: "Oh, no, it wouldn't. My huseand got one the other day, and the doctor saya he won't he out for e month. tars old Highlander, on his first visit to Glasgow, was filling his pipe, when he was approeched by a match-boy with the usual " Leghts, sir?" The old man innocently took the box from the boy, ex- tracted a match, lit his pipe, and handing the bsx back to the astonished lad, passed on with the re- mark : " Weise wool, what a wonderfu' place Glas- gow is tae be sure I" Siatesoe had refused to get his Nrife a new hat, and shertly afterwards his little girl G3llll in and said: "Mamma, will you bay me a monkey to play with when you go to town?" "No, my darling. Wait till you are older, and then marry one, as I did," replied the grief-stricken wife, her tears bursting forth afresh. AFTER he had kissed her and pressed her rosy cheek against his, and patted her soft round chie, she drew back, and asked : " aeorge, do you shave yourself V' "Yes," he replied. "I thought so," she said. "Your face is the roughest / ever---" Then she stopped, but it was too late, and he erect away with a cold heavy lump in his hreast. PREPARING FOR IT.—Huab3HCI "My dear, I want to ask you tele favour before you go off on that leng visit." Wife: "A thousand, my love. Wesei. is it?" Husband : " Don't try to put the house in order before you learn." Wife : "It isn't hard work." Husband "Perhaps not; but think of the expense of telegraphing to you every time I waet to field anything." "joilslee," e.l.d the fareeer, "go down in the cellar and draw a pitcher of that sweet cider. Take a candle with you." "Don't need no candle," said Johnny. " Ah, my little man," said the minister, who was staying ever night, "You must have quite an accurate judgment to have filled the pitcher in the liazk without it running over." " Aw," said Johnny, "ii ain't no trick at all. When it got up to the first joint of my thumb I stopped." He had proposed to the idol of his heart, but things failed to come his way. "DJ you know," he said as he was leaving her preseuce for ever, "that you are wringing my heart front my bosom?" "Possibly." she answered, coldly, "but it's either that or marry you and wring the bosoms from your shirts in after years." Seeing the else W 2.3 hope- less, the party of the first part lit a cigaretLe and wandered hence into the hither. ONE stormy day, not long ago, a vessel was load- ing potatoes. A cart from th'e country came along- side of her, and the driver proceeded to empty his load into the ship's hold. When he had finished, he was invited by the mate to warm and dry him- self at the galley fire, and to eat a piece of pork and 3 ship's biscuit, the latter as hard as a flint. The driver ate the pork with a relish, without touching the buscuit. When he had finished he handed back the indigestible biscuit to the mate, with the remark : " Many thanks, sailor man, there's your plate ! " "I weer," she exclaimed. "I will not five with you another day." "You'll leave me, will you ?" he calmly asked. ";Yes, I will." " When do you think of starting?" "Now--this very minute." "I wouldn't, if I were you." "Bub I will; and defy you to prevent me. I hive suffered at your hand as long as I can pub up with it." "Oh, I shan't try to stop you,' he quietly replied. "I'll simply report to the police that my wife has mysteriously disappeared. They'll want your description, and I will give it. You wear No. 7 shoes; you have an extra large mouth; you walk stay; your nose turns up at the end ; eyes rather small ; voice like a--" " Wretch ! you wouldn't dare to do that," she screamed. "I certainly will ; and the description will go in all the papers." They glared at each other a moment in silence. Then it was plain to be seen his artillery commanded the position.

TEE SOIITIT CIIESHIRE iilUNT.—The South Cheshire hounds found an excellent lot of foxes after meeting at Burleaton Smithy on Tuesday. They first tried con- clusions with a Wardle fox, which after considerable bugeting went to ground in an earth which bad bean frequented in force by badgers. A strong litter of cubs at the Bache Reuse covers drew upon themselves a fierce attack, which led the complete discomfiture of all but one member of the family, and this fox, draw— ing upoa himself the undivided attentions of the pack, was finaly rolled over. A copious downfall of rain has greatly improved the country.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

Aix Dian NELLIE, Soft drap de fentre picture hats, with the brims laced through slits at intervals with soft silk or velvet are likely to take on, for they are eminently becoming to English faces. Very pretty they look in cream felt, or in pale blue or mauve, laced with black velvet, and trimmed with large black ostrich feathers, with a soft spreading bow of the velvet behind. The alternative in hats seems to be the double plateau, two brims of soft felt or velvet divided by twists of ribbon, chrysanthe- mums, or birds or ostrich feathers. The tricorne and the large Empire and cavalier shapes will be most worn. There is no likelihood of the hair being worn high for outdoors, as the flat-crowned hats render such a style quite impossible ; there seems also a tendency to dress it in flat bandeaux on either side of the face in front. Tricorne hats have their brims edged with a fluffy silk male, and a large cockade to match in front of the same.

Appearnces seem to show that the inevitable reaction has set in with regard to the hitherto fashionable loose-backed coats. So ugly are they, and so diagarin, when 'badly made or ungrace- fully worn, that it is surprising that they have not long before now been banished from the ward- robes of the smartly dressed. Now, however, the newest coat is tight-fitting, the basque being rather long and cut away from the front like the skirts of a man's morniog coat. The revers are faced with long lines of braid sewn -closely together on black silk, and the sleeves are finished with deep cuffs arranged After a similar fashion. The military style in autumn and winter coats never goes out of fashion, and in this -instance the braid disposed in loops across the white cloth plastron in Iront has quite a military air. The skirt of the gown is quite plain, except for a few rows of stitchings down the front seam. That cloth and serge gowns will have plain skirts is a eireuni• stance that means god all round. The workers are tired of over- ela'ooration as displayed on summer dresses, and the eye is weary of the frettings and the frillings and the fkiuneings. It is a real rest to worker and to the gensral eye when this folds fall sheer and unbros.pa in line.

The thrifty always send their furs to be re. modelled before the furriers become busy, but not ere they know what type of pattern will be smart and fashionable for the winter. Now is a happy moment for the overhauling of such treasures. Old-world tippets are going to form the basis upon which new furs are to be planned with long straight stole ends' quaintly drawn together by means of a fur bow. Naturally the bow is rather flat, but none the less old-world looking for that. Now and then fur shoulder wraps are acceptable already, though muffs seem a long way from their period of success. From the newest ideas in furs it is evident that there is a great tendency towards pelerines and ruffles rather than towards very heavy garments in fur. The first is a tippet in mink or sable, the yoke bordered with a broad cross-band of the fur, and ornamented here and there with clusters of tails holding the stole ends in at the waist. The large muff matches. A tippet is very pretty when composed of two capes fastened in front with a flat b)w of fur and loug ends. The collar and revers are cut in one and rolled back from the face.

White will be all the rage with those who can afford it and it is stated that white serge and zebelline, with white and brown fur trimmings for outdoor wear, and for the evening white soft satin, brocade, broche, and the shimmering cloud- like chiffons and crepes are to be very fasloonable. White has prevailed so universally for months past, and has proved so exquisitely becoming that it is unlikely to lose its popularity at present. Black is its only rival. For those who prefer colours, there is a reciprocity shown between the season and the choice available; the golden browns of October, the russet reds and the lovely very mellow deep peens are at their disposal.

Flowers are now worn in the hair again. They require careful treatment. If the face is short, and the wearer not too tall, the flowers can be worn high in the hair, nearly over the forehead. If the wearer is tall, with regular features, the flowers may nestle under the left ear. Dark women of a classical style of beauty may we.tr a wres.th of foliage, or pearls braided in their dusky tresses. The blonde looks best with a bow of ribbon, either of black velvet or some becoming shade, an osprey, or something light and dainty. A jewelled tulle butterfly is also very becoming. Your loving JENNIE.

COMMERCIAL FAlLlllMS.—According to " hemp's Me:- cantlle Gazette," the number of Now Bankruptcy prc- ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending October sth, was 93. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 69, showing an increase cf 24, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, c f 156.

, , A,, -<-7,---'5. -,• ' VtilY.V4' • ;-. .", • ~,i .-ir;. • ..... .. .4.41., .c.:-' .1 : .;;.4.`"' • ;'--" .1, "7.0 ':-.4e,' -4.. ci7,4 --r,.-:---f-,..,:.,..- ,f,A : .--i.,r.V...': "" '''''Y - ' ' ,C,:i.e 7 , tt,..,, "") , -s) 0 • _ .

. a,..ii...- i- to. , ..„:1-4., .6 - -I'l ?" -..,-,2,..... .--/-v- ..,- (0._;..",..,•i '•?Ailsl/4 .:, , e..... „,, • v•-,,-...., -, . • , f.,. ,;..1:: . , 2•.,;%,.. 0., , ~,,,,i / 7,, I ...,,‘.7, ,v,,,;:ukv ////./ fezt:.tv,, .„. , / ~fefr,/..,,tf.,‘ ji .4/7 . '7,;',' liN Plic'''',Ar\ ~14‘,..,\1 - .i..,‘/7/1.1 ,A,,,:\ , i'l .j.z.. vt., I.\ 7.-z• '--- ... i'l 4--- ----'=:s iit 'I, ~---fr -4:az.- _ 4rlik ,',.:,1,,,. .k\ \t‘,, [7,_,:.7.1.3-.21 , - ',.L:._,,1 \ s\\

U A i ...5:,-2e.711 / \ - 1 6., \ / ‘‘041,1,111,1 • „......,//' ~..,-, .i. -;v

===== 0002601_19011011_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E PPS'S

GRATiEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA

, JREAKFAST-r-,SURREIV

WOMEN'S OHM.

The Duke of Norfolk, as Earl Marshal, has a very laborious task in order to master all the ins and outs of the Coronation ceremony. It is the one great historic Court pageantoa bleb the precent generation of courtiers has not seen, and the time, from now to next June, is not a whit too long for the necessary preparations arid rehearsals. On some former occasions considerable confusion has existed in celebrations of the rite. George _ _ .

HI. complaioed of the arrangements for his Coronatio-n, and Lord Effingham replied that the Earl Marshal's Office bad been strangely neglected, but that he bad taken care for the future that the nezt Coronation would be regulated in regret order. The King was so amused at this speech, that be made the Earl repeat his astnnishing gaucherie several times. The Duke of Norf..lk, however, is taking time by the forelock, and all the Peers and ' Peeresses who are entitled to a Royal Command to attend the Coronation, must send in their applications by the end of the year. The Duke has also issued an Order concerning the robes and coronets to be worn, and these instructions are redolent of the fine distinctions which exist within the aristocracy. All the robes are to be of crimson velvet, but the rows of ermine or fur trimmings are to be according to degree of nobility :—A Baron will have two rows ; a Viscount two rows and a half ; an Earl three rows ; and a Duke four rows. It is the same with the Coronets, which are to be of silver gilt without jewels. That of a Baron will have six silver balls, while a Viscount will have sixteen. A Marquis will have four silver balls, and four gold strawberry !saves, and ' a Duke will have eight gold strawberry leaves. Such are the fine gradations of rank, and in the case of the Peeresses they are carried to still more exquisite preciseness. In addition to similar distinctions as relate to the Peers, a Baroness is allowed a train of cnly one yard, a Viscountess, one of a yard and a quarter ; a Countess, a yard and a half ; a Marchioness, a yard and three quarters ; and a Duchens two yards. Ore tremb:es to think what would happen if a Countess appeared in the full length train ot a Duchess. The medieval air about all these arrangements almost suggests that the unfortunate lady would be hurried off and executed according to ancient custom, at the historic Tower of London.

These widows of Peers who have re-married with a commoner are precluded by the Earl Marshals Order, from being present at the Coronation. Among others who are affected by this order,are the Dowager Duchess of Sutherland, who is married to Sir Albert Rollit, the Dowager Marchioness of Tweeddale, who is the wife of Major Evans Gordon, and the Countess of Portarlington whose second husband is below the rank of the peerage. Peeresses in their own right will retain their full privi- -1 gee, and the Baroness Burdett Coutts, though married to a commoner,will be entitled to attend the Coronation, and she is the doyenne of the peeresses. It is not:long since Lord Rosetery had to contradict a matrimonial report about himself, and there is no truth in the unauthorised announcement of the engagement of Lady Sybil Primrose, who since Lady Crew's marri- age has alone undertaken for her father all the duties of a hostess in a leading social position. Lady Sybil, it will be remembered, had the rare honour of a private presentation to Queen Victoria, upon her entrance Into society some two or three years ago. King Edward was present at her debut dance, and Lady Sybil has also acted as hostess at Dalmeny, to the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York.

There is Mlle idea that Lord Rosebery will acquire the historic Battle Abbey, lately the residence of his mother, the Duchess of Cleveland, and if so Lady Sybil Primrose will be called upon to reign over yet another of Lord Rosebery'a beautiful heroes. The estate Is definitely announced for sale:on the 28th November and if it is not to be secured for the nation it is highly desirable that it shculd pass into the hands of some nobleman, who like the late Duchess of Cleveland, will I carefully preserve its historical associations. _ It seems like going back to the time of our grand mothers to return to the heavy pendant earrings with which they used to weight and disfigure their ears. Yet it seems they are " coming in "—though it may be doubted whether such a fashion will ever again become popular. Our parents with not half the freedom or activity which now distinguishell the feminine world, found them inconvenient, and gradually abandoned the heavy pendants for the simple ring or stud ornament. Even these have more or less disappeared of late years, and we could well afford to let ear piercing remain the almost forgotten art it has become. Given a few yards of suitable lace, and a furlong or so of velvet baby-ribbon, and there are few things the clever modiste cannot evolve. Charming blouses and fronts are being built of these two items, while many of the smart toques, too, in evidence just now, are of piece lace tbreadcd thrcugh and through with black velvet ribbon, the Whole thrown together with inimitable skill. No other trimmings appear, neither LlowerS, wings, or feathers, just the shape draped with the lace, so arranged as to form a light Cascade at the back,over which fall loops and ends of the velvet, left free in this °op position only. Needless to remark, only skilled modiste3 could build such a form of headgear. Buttons are Well to the fore. Little gilt specimens ie twos and threes anpear upon tabs, pechets, revers, aed cuffs. Larger ones embellish cloth and fur:coats, or are studded on box-pleats, or down the front of travelling cloaks. Buttons also appear en waist bands, not as fastenings, but as ornaments, end are sometimes so lavishly used, as to almost hide the foundation to which they are sewn. In tbis position it is not an entire set that encircles the waist but a collection of " odds," more or less of a site, and—presumably—each with a history attached to it. The arrangement sug- gests/a:row of medals, warlike or otherwise, and to collect sufficient for the parpose,is at least as interestiag as was the gathering together of beads for chains. Up-to-date chops are showing dainty silk stocks with high stiff collars and long boss in front. These suggest , an excellent wa) of brightening up a dull dress, and ef utiliaing stray remnants. They are not difficult ti make, hooks and eyes forming the real fastenings at the back of the collar, bright pins being run through the bows in front. Cosy little finiehes are these stocks, worn under coats open at the neck, and moreover they form a dressy covering for the only scrap of dress bodice, that would otherwise be exposed. Sets, consisting of toque, muff, and nrcttlet, built of peacock's feathers,are appearing and despite the super- stition attached to the plumage of this bird, are being donned by the emartest of smart women. This par- ticular craze is not likely to be long indulged in by the exclusive ones, as imitation eets promise to find all too great favor with the masses, a very little later on. The peacock, the proverbial emblem of vanity is well-known to he a long-lived bird, but there is one it seems at Warwick Castle which is over a hundred years old. No one, of course, can remember it in its early youth, but its history can be traced through successive generations of servants, and according to an article on "Some of Lady Warwick's Pets " in Country Life, there would seem to be no doubt as to the great age of this particular bird. There is another peacock at the Castle which was given to the late Earl of Warwick by Lord Beaconsfield, sbout 30 years ago. The Earl of Beacons- field was very fond of peacocks, and there are Several in different parts of the country, which came from Hugh- enden Manor, his place in Buckinghamshire. ME= EZEKti MADGE.

On Tueeday the Lords of the Admiralty placed orders at Cardiff for the supply of 60,000 tone of beet Welsh smokeless double-screened coal, delivery to be made between now and the end of the year. Nine firms participate in the order, the quantities _ranging from 6,000 to 10,000 tons. The lowest price 15 163 6d and the highest 17s 6d, free on board steamer. Some tenders were 183 and above, but these were doclited. Major General Sir sector Macdonald is (says the Melbearne correspondent of the " Daily Express the lion of the hour here. At Adelaide he was t'se occasion of unparallelled scenes of enthusiaEm.. Whf raver be was seen men rushed forward to shake but hand and women kissed him heartily. He is reticent concerning his plans. On being questioned about the war, he said he believed the reeent fighting indicates an eaely ea& At a Blackheath registry office on Tuesday morning a girl, sged 13,twas married to a wealthy gentlEmanorho has just passed hie 74th birthday.

JOHN' NOBLE, LTD PICTURE LIST C F S ILMANCHESTER BROOK TNI A

===== 0002601_19011011_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11 1901

A

(--CHAPTER L' TROOPER BEN. A sturdy young man rose upright in a hay. field, ciaightened hi 's aching back, and drew. a sunburnt arm across his dripping brow. He whetted his scythe with the rubstone, and then placed it on the ground while he drank a long, deep draught -from -a jug of home-brewed ale. "Ali," he murmured, "that's good. It'll keep me on till I've done this patch and I shall be just in time for drill, after all lie took up his seethe, and with steady sweeps of the long curved blade cut down the graceful grals before him. When.he rose to stretch him- self again the mowing of the field was done. He shouldered his scythe, took his coat from the wall near him, and left 'the field as the other hay- makers, who had been to the farmhouse for tea, came back to spread the grass. Mark Benn, with his coat on his shoulder and the scythe resting on the garment, walked slowly ftlong the path which led to Hill Top , Farm his ,father's house, and the dwelling-place of Benny for generations. Ile-re the staunch old farmers had lived and died, beginning with the Nark who built the place, and who, lying sick in the parlour and knowing that his time had come, ordered a mare and a young foal to be brought to his bedside, and having said farewell to the mother, end generously admired ,the spindle- leg4ed son, fell back and passed away in peace. The sun was low in the sky, but the beams were strong and warm behind the mower as he walked, and they fell full on the back of the farmhouse and the outbuildings. Mark looked on the structures almost with an owner's prille. They were not yet his, and would not, he hoped, belong to any man but his father for many years. The ad farmer—he had reached hi s seventieth birthday— was bard and enduring, and it seemed as if he would do as more than one of his ancestors had done, and get well into the 'eighties before he began to say that he had lived quite long enough and wished to go; for it Was a point of honour with the race to do their passing to the churchyard on the hill two miles away' as comfortably as they had lived upon the farm. To Mark there came through the drowsy air the smell of the new-mown hay which men were stacking in the great barn that stood on one side of the farmyard behind the house; the sound of their voices as they worked, the creaking of the carts as the forks were dug deep down and the lay was lifted to the workers on the stacks ; the lowing of the cattle .in the mistal, the contented grunts of pigs, and the noisy cackle of some wandering hens. The sun was fiery on the windows and hot on the roofs of the buildings, and the young man felt that he would like to throw himself upon the nearest haycock and sleep. Since four o'clock in the morning he had been at work with his scythe among the yielding grass. It was now seven, and he had not taken much more than an hour's rest for meals in the whole of the fifteen. He had cut broad pathways in the grass, going forward steadily and keeping to his task even when the other workers had eft the field and gone to the farm to tea; so that when they returned he could leave them and get away for the night to put in his drill as a Yeomanry cavalryman. At the end of the path on which he walked there was a gate that opened into the farmyard itself. Through this he passed, and put his scythe into, a shed. Then he entered the open door of the dairy, where bowls of cool milk were standing, 'and by another door went into the family living-room itself. This was a great, low room, with a sanded floor, and a mitered ceiling from which hams and sides of bacon hung. There was a long, low window, mullioned and with diamond panes, a big door, now wide open, through wilich, across a gravelled space, there could be seen a garden thick with gooseberry and currant bushes, brought up at the bottom with a clump of apple trees. As Mark entered the room a quiet woman, capped, white-aproned, took a steaming kettle from the fire and brewed some tea. With a great sigh of satisfaction the young man drew an arm- chair up to the quaint round table on which his evening meal was laid, and, just as he had come froM the hayfield, except that he opened the front of his shirt to cool himself the better, ate and drank until he had had enough. He poured out a last cup of tea, using his saucer as a drinking vessel. With another sigh, this .time of content- ment, he rose and strode to the door. "Are you goin' back to the Long Meadow?" asked the quiet woman. "No, it's finished. I've been wiring into it," answered the young man. "It's been a tough job, but I swore I'd do it so's I could get off to my drill." "Father wants you to go he'd an' give a hand at spreadin'," said the woman, hesitatingly. "He wouldn't if his bones and back-ached u much as mine do," answered Mark, with a growl. This was unpleasant news for him. He was resolute in his determination to attend the drill, and yet, twenty-five though he was in. years he had never openly rebelled against his father's wishes, the wishes which. were just as good as orders. "It's only because he's so anxious, an' because the bay's so good this time, the best there's been for years," said Mrs. Penn, anxiously. "He's afraid it'll rain soon, an wants to get it all in before then," The young man stood for some time looking at the sanded floor. Then, without speaking, he stepped on to'the flags which ran in front of the house and emptied a • pailful of rainwater into a wooden bowl on a stone table under the window. With a piece of brown soap he washed and splashed himself in the open air with sundry noises, and rubbed himself into a glorious glow with a rough towel. The water he poured down a neighbouring sink, and having rinsed the bowl and put it upon edge to dry—for Mark was a methodical and tidy man—he strode strongly across the floor, crunching the sand, and went upstairs to his bed- room. liere he got into his Yeoman's uniform, and when he was completely dressed, descended and walked out on to the gravel in front of the house. The sturdy and somewhat clumsy young man with the seythe stood there transformed, a clean-limbed, active trooper, whose hard, courageous face looked more severe and daring under the metal helmet, and whose broad, strong back appeared wider and more muscular in the scarlet tunic. Mark had put the farmer's air aside, and with his regimentals had assumed a perfect military carriage and demeanour. Seeing him there you might have taken him to be a trained dragoon. As the trooper went towards the stable he met his father, "Where are you going?" asked the slid man, bluntly. "To drill," replied Mark, as bluntly. "I want the Long Meadow finishin', continued the farmer. "I 'xpected you to go back an' give a hand in the spreadin' when you'd done your tea." "I can't go back to-night," said the young man. "There's a full dress parade, and I-promised the Captain faithfully that I'd turn up." "And who gave you leave?" asked the farmer, with tightening mouth. "I didn't think I need ask for it," answered Mark, whose sunburnt face was deepening in colour. "Surely at my age I needn't come an' ask about a thing like that?" "Your grandfather would ha' felled me for less talk than that," said the old man, grimly. "That may be," retorted Mark, "but he wouldn't have felled me." He looked defiant as he spoke, and clenched his fists instinctively. "Well," said the farmer, quietly, "we needn't waste time in talkin'. Go an' get them things off." The trooper remained standing and, silent. A fierce struggle was going on within him—a straggle for emancipation. So far throughout his life he had given unquestioning obedience to his father. It had been the Benne' way down the ages. "Come," added the farmer, moving slowly off. "I was going to saddle up Prince," answered Mark, speaking in hard tones. "Prince is wanted for leadin'," replied the fanner. For a moment the trooper was in doubt as to what he should do. The headquarters were five miles away, the parade was a mounted one, and it would be useless to go without his horse. He WAS proud of Prince, too, for he was one of the smartest and most useful mounts in the regiment, where the horseflesh was varied, and in many Cases doubtful. "Then I'll go without," said Mark. "Anyway, I will if Jackson can't lend me his mare." "Oh!" said the farmer, stopping and MAI hison, "so you're bent on goin' 1! ._ --

atn," relilied the son, half-pleadingly. "I've been in the Long Meadow fifteen hours to-day, working like a fiend, sb thali I could get off to- night. Besides, I promised the Captain. "And the Captain, I suppose, is more nor the Long Meadow—or me?" said the farmer, with a sneer. "He's a very nice fellow, and I'm not going to break my word with him," said Mark. "Well, so and good," replied the farmer, moving off again. "You're old enough to know your own mind. I'm not goin' to drag You back; but if I wanted to go in for soldierin' I'd go in for the real thing. I woukln't be a noodle." With a bitter sneer he turned away and went to the Long Meadow. By the time he had picked up a fork and was furiously scattering the grass which Mark had cut he was full of sorrow for his hasty words; but his stubborn pride prevented him from doing as he longed to do, go back, tell Mark to saddle Prince and get away and enjoy himself at the parade. "After, all," he muttered, "the lad's done more work to-day than any two men in the fields. It's too late for me to mend, or I 'might curb my tongue a bit. shall do mischief with it some day. _

'CHAPTER IL • - EOM WA* TO REALITY.

Stung by his father's sneer at this sort •of soldiering—it was not the first time the old man had openly expressed contempt for the Yeomanry —Mark flushed deeper than before. He was almost ashamed of his warlike aspect, because he had done so little to support it, and afraid to move lest his sword and spurs should clank; but that feeling left him, and he turned with firm steps towards the farm of which he had spoken, the dwelling-place of 'Jackson. This homestead was half a mile away, and by the time he had reached it his bitterness had passed. The grim face had softened, and the young man's bright blue eyes glistened with anticipation. Jackson was seated in a chair under his parlour window, dozing. He did not see the trooper, but the flash of the sun on the helmet had been seen by Jackson's daughter, and she was looking proudly through a little diamond pane. at the afproaching figure. She had been watching for him this half-hour, but had not expected him to come like this. It was as a mounted soldier that she had waited for Mark Bean, and she wondered what the meaning of his walking was. Why was he not riding up on Prince? The trooper clanked up to the unconscious farmer, but the figure did not move. With a smile Pe walked into the house, where the daughter, who feigned deep interest in a newspaper, sprang to her feet, and asked how Mark had got there, and why he startled her in this way? "And where's Prince ? " she demanded.

"Leading hay," replied Mark, briefly. "Father wouldn't let me have him. He seems to think I'm in petticoats yet. So I've come to borrow the mare. Can I have her?"

"Of course," answered the girl. "Come on. She's in fine condition. She's been idling all day. It's time she worked."

"But hadn't we better ask your father, Liz ? " "Oh, no. It'll be time enough when he wakes. Let him go on dozing. What a beautiful uniform. I'm sure anybody would take you for a real soldier, Mark, instead of only a Yeoman." Lizzie spoke in honest admiration, but her inno- cent words stung Mark afresh. They impressed upon him the truth as his father's taunt had done —that people did not take him seriously, and that he only drilled, shot, rode, and wore a uniform to swagger a bit, as neighbours put it. Some had gone a little further, and had admitted that the Yeomanry were at least useful for something—they were good enough to be shot at.

LI7.ZiO led the way towards the stable and took down the saddle for the mare. When the two had made her ready Mark led the animal forth b,nd mounted. He was a first-rate rider, and looked even more soldierly in the saddle than he did on foot. The admiring girl noticed this and com- mented on it. "I tell you," she said, "that you look just as real as those men did that rode through here last autumn on their way to York dragoons they were called. Most impudent they were. One of them asked me for a drink of water, and squeezed my hand so when I brought it that I threw it in his face."

"I should have pulled him out of the saddle if I'd been near, dragoon or no dragoon," said Mark. "I'll have no interference with a girl o' mine." "Well, don't get angry, Mark,, " replied the girl, "or I shan't tell you these little bits of things. You ought to laugh at them, as I do. You've no sense of humour. You're like the parson." "I hope not," answered Mark. "But as to humour, I don't see some things in the same light as you, perhaps. But there, I'm a bit upset. You all seem to think I'm a fraud. You'd be a bit surprised if I took it into nay head to become Übe real thing, wouldn't you?" "Don't talk nonsense," said Lizzie, uneasily. "I don't like to hear it. People often say things without meaning them." "And often mean a good deal more than they say, eh, Liz? But there, I shall be late. I've half-an-hour to get to the parade in, and it's a:- five mile trot on a bad road. So long." He smiled and rode away. Lizzie watched him until he gained the high road, then entered the house and ran upstairs, and from her bedroom window kept him in sight while the sun glittered on the helmet. Again she was possessed with a strong feeling of pride at seeing her lover in such a handsome uniform and shelving it off so well. Her pride was all the greater because it was unmixed with fear, the fear that Mark would ever be called upon to do more than wear his regimentals as he was wearing them now—in peace, and without a possibility of ever being called upon to take the field. Who, she thought, had ever known the Yeomanry to be called upon to fight, except in the days of his youth of which she had heard her father speak, when the Yeomanry had been pitted agairlst rioters and a few heads and bones had been broken, _ _ . . . .

Lizzie., like 11;t:ft,'Catne of substantial people, and both had profited more or less by the educa- tion they had received in a neighbouring town. In each case the instruction had been belter than that teaching which had come the way of the sons and daughters of the other farmers in the district, and accordingly the two were looked upon with some- thing like jealousy. But they had no actual enemies. Mark was a genial, even, good-hearted farmer, whose soul was mostly wrapped up in Hill Top Farm, and Lizzie was a well-made, healthy young woman with a perfect figure, firm, full sweet lips, steady grey eyes, faultless teeth, and a wealth of brown hair which curled without the aid of tongs or pins. By her own express wish she had been put in the way of earning her living in case of need, and her choice had fallen on nursing. She was home again after a course of work in hospital, and preparing for the marriage which was to make her Mrs. Benn. . .

Mark covered the five miles at a smart trot, and joined his companions at the regiment's head- quarters. During the whole of the ride his thoughts dwelt principally on his father's sneer at the Yeomanry, and his bitterness had returned when he dismounted.

Then he had instant evidence of great commotion. Men were gathered in excited groups, and a comrade ctune and seized Benn enthusiastically by the arm. _ _

• -- "Come on, Mark," he exclaimed. "If you'll go go too," "Go where?" demanded the young man. ▪ "To the war, of course. Where do you think ? " "War?" repeated Benn. "I don't Understand." "Why, chumphcad," said his friend, hilariously, "there's only one war, is there? Or don't they know about it yet at the Green?"

-..-.. - "But—but we're only Yeomanry; we're no use," said Mark, almost unconsciously giving utterance to the faith in which he had been bred. He remembered how in the days of his own youth he had shouted "noodle" after Yeomanry cavalry- men, just as juveniles to-day cried out the insult after him. j _ _

"Ah I" said is friend, but the War Office is In such a funk that it's glad to fall back on even the Yeomanry. It's discovered all at once that we're a very find body of men. You've heard of the way our people in South Africa have been wiped out?" "No," replied Mark, almost shamefacedly. "The fact is, I've been working like a nigger lately. There's been no time to think or read."

"They can't do much of either down your way, judging by what you seem to know of what's going. on," said the friend, genially. "Well, understand this, the country's in a hole, and it's looking to the good old Yeomanry to get it out. The Adjutant's rushing round for volunteers for the front—the .real thing at last, mind you. What I • say is, I'll go if you will. I want a chum. The Captain's going, he's gone out with the Adjutant for a bottle of fizz on the strength of the picnic, as he calls it. What d'ye sty Wiil you go " • The friend gazed eagerly at Mark. "Come, yon won't duff," he added, fearing that the young man might say no.

Mark was thinking of the girl at laskson's p farm, of his mother, of the Hill Top Farm itself, of the wonderful love he had for every field, hedge, tree, building, and every livihg Areature on it; he recalled, as A man might recall a dream that has .passed, the beauty of the scene as he came in from the hayfield, scythe on shoulder. These things flashed through his mind, and he hesitated. But then. he thought of his father's taunt, the taunt which now came back as fresh as ever, and with added bitterness. Before the sting of it all, his love for Liz and his people and the farm collapsed. "Yes, I'll go with you," he said, quietly. "Hurrah I"- shouted his friend. "Look out, there I Make way for two more. Here, sergeant- major, put down the names of Benn and Brigg— two B's that'll have a rousing tale to tell to the other B's in South Africa. Ha, ha!" . _

"That's the ticket, my lads I" said the old regular, looking with an expert's eyb on the new recruits. "You're both as tough as leather. The doctor'll pass yod with • his eyes shut. You're goin' out on a proper bit of sport this time, I cat; tell you. There's never been such a beanfeast in the British Army. Why, you'll be better off than the officers were when I first joined. This is a gentleman's campaign, this is. Certainly. I don't mind if I do—just to bring luck on it." This was in .asponse to the loud request of Brigg that the sergeant-major should there and then proceed to an adjacent inn and celebrate the occasion in whisky. The non-commissioned officer kept one eye on his glass and the other on the headquarters door, so that th e adjutant should not return and steal a march upon him, and held forth on tho glories and privileges of the coming opera- tions, and the singular appropriateness of farmers going out to fight farmers. As a matter of fact, the sermeant-major really believed that the Yeomen were the'. troops for the foe, partly because they could fight them at their own game, and partly because he held that it was somewhat of a degrada- tion for the regular forces of Great Britain— particularly the mounted branches—to be pitted against an enemy who had no orthodox military system, and to whom uniform and discipline were almost unknown. Such, at any rate, was his own private view of the matter.

There was no drill that night. The adjutant took the names of volunteers, with the help of the sergeant-major, and the stars seemed to Benn and Brigg to be twinkling with unnatural violence as they rode together along the high Way. Benn was a rigidly temperate man' and a very little liquor and much excitement had made him reel sus- piciously in his saddle. But the mare knew both him and the road well, and did not allow him to come to grief. "See you to-morrow again," Brigg sang out in the night as he drew up at his father's house. "I'll go straight in and spring it on the governor. You must tell me how yours takes it; I 'xpect mine'll be a bit stunned. He's a chapel chap, you know, and doesn't hold with war." Benn went back to Jackson's 4 a walk. When he reached the house only the old man was up, and he was yawning and very sleepy. He went with Mark to the stable, and having seen the door safely locked and his precious mare secure, he said:

"Good-night, my lad; I'm not goin' to stop up jawin'. I'm fair tired. Liz went to bed an hour since, although she wanted to stop up. She said something about bad news from the war, but I told her that 'ud keep till Sunday. What wi' these new machines for haymakin' an' rogues 'at don't work, it's cappin' what little time there is for me to think about South Africa." Mark's good-night rang on the still, sweet air, and soon his firm step sounded on the gravel in front of Hill Top Farm. The stout old structure was in darkness except for the living-room, through the little panes of which the trooper saw a lamp burning. By the light of it he could see that his father was sitting up waiting for him. This was unusual. As a rule his sister or his mother waited for him when he was out late like this—to their minds ten o'clock was a fit retiring time for the wildest of young men—and he anticipated stormy words. As Mark entered the old man put down his glasses and a book he had been reading., and looked at his son as he secured the door and removed his helmet and accoutrements.

"Your mother's left some supper here," he said. "Get it. There's no need to be up so soon in the morning. Six o'clock will be in plenty of time. I could have spared Prince, after all." "1 borrowed Jackson's mare," answered Mark, stolidly. "She's as hard as Prince." "He's worth two of her," said the farmer, placidly. "However, next time there's a drill, take him."

He spoke without emotion, but this was his way of shewing sorrow for his temper earlier in the evening. "It'll be a long time before I want to borrow Prince again," said Mark, with a curious little laugh.

"What for ? " asked the father, quickly. "I've given up bein' a noodle," replied the young man.

A gleam of pleasure shot into the farmer's eyes. "I'm glad," he said. "It's been a waste o' time. But what have you given it up for ? " "Because," replied Mark, very steadily, "I didn't like being laughed at. I've gone in for the real thing." "'Listed ?" asked the farmer. Ile spoke bravely, but the hand which held the candle he had just lighted trembled. "Volunteered. I'm not sworn in yet," answered the young man. "They're wanting Yeomen for South Africa, and I've said I'll go. "You'll think better of it by mornin'," said the farmer, moving towards the staircase. "There'd be no harm in tellin' the Captain that you'd changed your mind." "I should be laughed at more than I've been laughed at as a noodle," answered Mark; "and that's more than I care to stand." "They wouldn't laugh mg ilk) doin' a thing I didn't want to do," saca. thO farmer, grimly. "But Ido want to do this," said Mark. "After all, there isn't much change in ..a life like mine." "There's been change enough in it for me," replied the old man. "And there's been change enough in it for Benns ever since the house was bniit" "That's likely enough, but then they were an easy lot, and ?:ou didn't catch them going far out of Yorkshire." "They'd too much sense," said the farmer. "They'd all they wanted here. What more do you want?" "I want to see the world a bit," answered Mark. "Besides, it's time this family did something for the country." . .

They Ila been talking like this at the drill hall, and the excitement of it had still a. strong hold upon him. "The Berms paid their way an' kept honest; isn't that enough ?" asked the farmer. "No," replied the son, boldly. "Anyway, that isn't what they think at the barracks." "That's a queer place to go to for opinions. It's been usual to look down on soldiers in this part." "Yes, it's time folk were taught to look up." For some moments the old farmer stood, candle in hand, looking at his son. "And how many fools are goin' ?" lie asked, bitterly. "If you mean how many volunteers, I can't tell you exactly," replied the son, hardening in his resolve to go at all costs now. "An' you're goin' in that rig-out ?" inquired the father. "No, they'll put us into khaki ; it's the best stuff yet discovered for fighting." "Very well, then, if you're really bent on goin', the best thing'll be to get away as soon as you like. I won't stand in your way." "All right,' I'll clear out by the end of the -week." _ . .

The farmer went as far as the staircase. Then he turned back. "Does Lizzie Jackson know of this he asked." . _

"Not yet ; I'll tell her when it's all settled." "Oh, I should have thought that as you're to marry her, you might have asked her opinion." "I've heard you say lots of times that the Benns haven't made a point of consulting women too much, and that it's better to tell 'em of a thing when it's .been done," replied the young man. "That's what I shall do." 'Then I shall tell her first thing in t' mornin'," threatened the farmer. "That won't make any difference," answered the son, quietly. By this time they were on the verge of a dangerous quarrel. The old man saw this, and by an effort kept his passion down. Talk was useless,. and he turned abruptly and went to bed. But ho did not sleep. Hour after hour he lay still, thinking over the events of the night, and con- demning himself as the cause of Mark's determina- tion. He listened, too, for the sound of his son going to bed, but no sound was heard. At day- break the old man, harassed and unrefreshed, got up and went downstairs very quietly. The living.. room looked raw and grey in the growing light. In a chair beside the table was his son, his spurs still on his heels, his tunic open, and his helmet on the table where he had put it the night before.

The lamp was still burning, and the young won't supper—beer and cheese and bread—was untouched. Mark himself was huddled up in the chair, sleeping quietly. The old farmer, motionless, watched the unconscious figure until the sun rose and the early beams stole through the quaint panes. Then he withdrew, without noise, and busied himself in the farmyard. An hour later, while the farmer was standing at the mistal door, Mark, once more in his work- ling clothes, with scythe on shoulder, came past ors his way to the field which was the next to be mown.

The son walked on without looking or speaking; and the old man said no word and made no• friendly sign. •

( To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19011011_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
AIWOMAN'S SHADOWED LIFE.

• In a well-kept little house, four miles from Folke- stone, resides Mrs Jane Cole, wife of the respected fore- man of the Folkestone Waterworks. Mrs Cole is thirty-Dine years at age, and for many years has lived In the town aid district of Folkestone. Although novr bright, happy and content, with five sunny children, Mrs Cole still bears sign, of an ordeal she has gene through. Some twelve years ago sbe first felt the un- accountable influence of a great dread, which developed into a fearful nervous feeling. Then came sickness. A dotter was called in, but time went on, and Mrs Cole rapidly grew weaker and more nervous. She was, in fact, seen to be utterly wrecked, so altered that cld friends would hardly recognise her, and in a state of general aollapse. Her ills were intensified by "white lag" (an aggravated form of ar me,ia) : she could not at I this period get her boot on, and walking was entirely out of the question. At this crisis Mrs Cole, who had tried almost every likely remedy, was recommendd by a neighbour to use Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, with the result that she was soon restored to health. At this point we will let Mrs. Cole continue her narra- tive in her own language, as reported in the " Folke- stone Chronicle,' whose specially accredited representa- tive questioned and corroborates her. " I can say," she averred, "that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people drove away a shadow that threatened my very life, though it was not until I had taken two boxes that I began to feel any lasting bene- fit. By that time my appetite had returned, and I Gould do that which I had not done for many a long and weary day—eat and enjoy agood meal." '• You say your appetite returned. How about the nervousness ? "It was some five or six weeks before that wore off, but now I am a rew creature. The awful fear I was subject to has gone entirely. I told you that in the early days of my illness I could not walk. Nw (the fact speaks for itself significantly enough) I walk to Folkestone and back sometimes twice a week, do my shopping, and often caul: my purchases home with me. I can truly tell you sir, that I bless the day when I first beard of Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people from my neighbour." •

Youri 18 in extraordinary cure undoubtedly, Mrs- Dela • but does your knowledge extend any further as to the benefits derived from this remedy ?" " Oh, yes; a friend of Mille, Mrs Philpott, at Cheriton, saved her baby's life by dissolving the pills in water and administering them in that form to the infant, and I could give you bra of oatnes. To my husband's mother who suffers excruciating new pains,l recommended the pills, and she says that they are the only means by which she obtained relief from pain and which alleviate the nervousness that follows neuralgia. Then, again, you have the case of a lady livirg near the office of the 'Folkestone Chronicle." She has gone through years of suffering, been orerated upon in one of the Metro- politan hospitals and sent home as hopeless. Not long ago I sleet her. She was, to my surprise, her former self again, looking and feeling well and hearty. The first thing she told me was that she owed her recovery entirely to Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people. Mrs. Cole's address is Lower Standen, near Folkes- stone. The oases above related are typical of many which conetautly create local enthusiasm in all parts cf the country. There is scarcely a village, and certainly not a considerable town' which does not contain sound and hearty people who have been saved from a condition of wretched ill-health or permanent invalidism by Dr Williams' pink pills—always the genuine pill,, however, for it is a remarkable fact that though übstitutes are pushed by a large number of tradesmen upon the accept- ance of people whom they think easily deceived, not one cure has ever been reported from the use of a substitute; though, on the other hand, many people have bees permanently injured by them. The best plan when a substitute is offered is to walk out of the shop, disre- garding the false pretences of the shopman who tries to sell substitutes and send direct to Dr tit'Eliams' Medicine company, Holborn-viaduct, London, for the genuine Pills—two *billings and ninepence for one box, thirteen and nine for six. When the wrapper bears the full title. Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, and then only, the pills are genuine. They have cured impover. imbed blood, amen:lie, rickets, scrofula, " decline," consumption, indigestion, palpitations, rheumatism,. sciatica, St Vitus' dance, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, neuralgia, and all disturbances of the nervous system.,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN DISTRICI NURSE FUND.

The annual meeting in connection with this fund was held at the Town Hall, Runcern on Monday after- noon. The Rev Canon Maitland Wood (chairman of committee) presided, and there were also present Mesdames Maitland Wood (secretary), Imison, Baker, McLennan, Abel, Ksy, Barker, W Timmins, Miss Andrews, Messrs J W Lightburnrand W Shaw. The annual report stated that the committee have been able, during the year, to send eight children to West Kirby Conialescent HOMO and seven. adults to Wcolton Convalescent Home from She fund meat kindly provided by Miss Pierpoint and her friends, and they consider that it would be difilcult to exaggerate the advantage of having this fund at die-- pesal. The number 'lf -persons visited by the nurse during the year was 277. The patients receiving regular visits were 120, v:z :—Medical, 68 ; surgical, SI typhoid, 11. Number of visits, 2,114. Patients receiv- ing ;occasional visits, 157. Number of visits 835. Total number of visits, 2,949. Of the 120, cases visited during the year 61 are convalescent,. 31 have died, 3 have gone to hospitals, 7 to convalescent homes, 6 have been put on the oecasional visits list, and 12 are still on the books. The actual number of vista is not quite so large as last year, but it should be noted that the typhoid cases fell from 41 to 11, and the visits, to typhoid cases from 989 to 259, so that the ordinary visits show a large decrease."

• WAYS AND MEANS. The balance sheet showed an income of £l5l 41 63, .pade up as follows :—Balance from last account, £lO 118 9d ; subscriptions collected by Mrs Barker and Mrs Nay, £22 2i 7d ; Mrs Imieon, £lO I7s 93 ; Mrs F Norman. £29 13s ; Mrs TiMMial, 28 14%; Miss Andrews 5 131 8d; special subscriptions towerds cost of tempor— ary nurse, Collected by Mrs Barker and Mrs £lO 17s ; collection at football match. £7 103 ; proceeds of garden party given by Mrs Abel, £33 ss; Miseion harvest contribution. £2 133 ; interest on loan, £9 43 6i ; bank interest, 2s 6i. The expenses were : Nurse Buokenham's board. dec.. £B2 ; sundry accounts. £lO 63 7d ; cheque book 23 6d, leaving a balance in hand of £5B 153 63.. The beef tea fund showed an, income. including a balance in hand of £3l2s 73, of £l7 Os 7d, and after meeting all expenses there was a balance to the good of £3 lOs 7d. ELECTION OF THE COMMITTEE. The Chairman explained that Mns F Norman did not ' seek re-election. Mrs Bellamy being elected in her place - Mrs Baker was re-elected and Mrs T Handley was elected in place of the late Mrs Whittaker. Mr F A Lake was elected treasurer in place of Mr S • Taylor who wrote to the effect that be did not wish to be again nominated for the office.

Vass of thanks brought the meeting to a conclusion.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL TRUSTEE SAVINGS BANK.

Returns from the Treasury Chambers, issued on Monday, give for the last official year some interesting particulars rdative to the above. From this we cllec the following relating to this immediate neighbour-.• hood :

Warrington.—Nembor of accounts open 12,636. against 12,352, with £353,463 against £345,916 owing to depositors ; amount invested with the Commissioners for the Reduction of tbe National Debt £352,922, exclu- sive of £3,300 separate surplus fund also in their bands; balance in the hands of the treasurer £1,702, and Other assets £1,300, making a total amount of £359,221 against £351,348 ; salaries and allowances of pa'. officers £689 ; tosal expenses of management £859 against £555. Runcorn,—Number of accounts nnen 1,232 against 1,213, with £43,799 against Z 43,084 in the preceding year owing to depositors ; amount invested with the Cemmissioners for the Reduction of the National Debts £43,374 ; balance in the bands of the treasurer £530. and other assets £lO, making a total asset of £43,592 gainet 43.214 ; sahries and allowances of paid affieers, £97 ; total expenses of management £l2Cl' ogainst £ll9.

/aUI ITALI AN wood,.

SONS. TRBBT.

_ , . , - • - , ' , -- . \ ,---- .7.---t, -42t._-:,.... _ • ... i ,- __ - _.,. _ _,&,,,_--_-,i-glii ;.' - - - • -I.rtir----/- - 'oc".o , 1,. \,,,_____. V , L'..;•-_, 1111:11I STOCAC OF MANDOLINRS, BANJONS. 'IiTITARS, VIOLINS, &c. Special 0-fl er.-- RooGuaranteed— . AN MANDOLIN. MAKER'S nA me Inside,l= ornamented : 12s. 6d. Carriage paid. AN ST, GORGES' CRBSCHNT. TOP OF LORD" ._"''' ..trELIPOOL. Belabllstied 1848. ....-

===== 0002601_19011011_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Sankey Green A.F.C. v. Bank Quay Excelsiors. This match took place on Saturday on the ground of the first-named. After a good game the home team ran out winners by six goals to three.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Rhyl v. Newton-le-Willows.

At Rhyl. There was a good deal of interest shown in the game, as it was the first combination match of the season at home. The visitors arrived late. A cross wind was blowing. The visitors started the game. Newton made a good attempt. Immediately after Rhyl scored a grand goal. A foul was given against Rhyl, but proved useless. Robinson cleared well. Nice pass- ing broueht the ball dowa, but Newton cleared. Half- time—Rhyl 6, Newton nil. Final MO 8 Newton 1. First Qualifying Round—English Cup. St. Helens v. Earlestown.

At St. Helens in showery and boisterous weather and before a moderate attendance. The wind blew right across the ground. Earlestown started against the sun, and at first play was unintere3ting, neither aide grt Ang away from midfield. The Town were the first to be prominent and sent past twice. Then the visitors had a look in, but Houghton cleverly bustled Barlow and relieved. The wind veered round in favour of Earles- town, who began to make matters lively for the town. 'Danner came again from the right, and Bartley sent in a capital centre, which was turned ireto the net by the other for w 'Ms. From the kick off the Town got well down, but Walker badly missed a good centre from M'Guffie, while Eccles was pulled up for off,ide. Flay reverted tc midfield, whence the Earlestown quintette suddenly dashed away, Bartley shooting past from short range. Walker was getting well down for St. Eelens when the ball was carried out, and Earlestown came again. Sterrup intervened and served up to M'Guffie, who prettily passed to Roberts. Tom Leigh stopped the run, and Barlow tried a shot from midfield. Hoy negotiated it all right, and at the other end Chew fisted out finely from a scrimmage. Good work by Clibborn helped Earlestown pealwards, but the attack was repelled, and and M'Guffie and Houghton cantered down gaily on the left. The movement ended in Eccles scoring with a grand shot from Houghton's centre. Matters being now level another determined onslaught was made by the Town, but Jack Leigh defended strongly. Limond crashed in a lightning shot which missed by inches. An attack was initiated by CHl:horn and Stirrup was called upon. He transferred to his colleague, and a pretty bout of passing ensued between Houghton, M'Guffie, and Roberts. the latter shooting over. A centre from M'Guffie flashed acres; the goal mouth, and was got away. Both ends were visited in turn, the St Helens men being most dangerous in front of goal. Jack Leigh was offside when in a good posi- tion. Half-time—St Helens Town 1, Earlestown 1. Final S: Helens 2, Earlestown 1.

Lancashire League. RESULTS UP TO SiTURDAY. —Goals— Pid Won Lost Urn For agst Pts Darwen • Southport, Central Stalybridge Rovers.— Workington narrow Cborley St Helens Town Wigan United Raydeck Rochdale Town Prescot Earlestown Warrington Warrington Succumb to Southport Central. Warrington Association tcam have yea: to win their first match. Last Saturday they ercountered South- port Central, who now occupy the second position in the league table, and sustained a defeat to the extent of three goals to nil. The match was denided on the Arpley enclosure and despite the wretched weather there was a fair attendance of spectators.

Haydock v. Wigan United; This tie wag played at Haydock. The Wigan team were fifteen minutes late, and their captain winning the tosS set the Haydock team to face the wind and sun. Haydock made tracks for the Wigan goal,Turton shoot- Itig over, and ruled (11.,ide shortly after. Turton then tan well, but Howarth was offside. Settle scored for Wigan with a good shot, The game was fiercely contested by both sides, but Wigan had the advantage of the play with the breeze. Forshaw and Howarth played well for Haydock, but the visitors defence was quite safe. Wigan then went up in a body, and Baxendale scored, giving Monks no chance. This was shortly followed by a third, offilde being Claimed in vain. Grunday scored fourth. Half.timr— Wigan United 4, Haydock 0. Final Wigan 5, Haydock 0. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE ----- Position of the clubs up to 0 :tober 5, 1901. Goals

Played Won Lost Dwn Por Agst Pts. Bewsey All Saints 33urtonwood Runcorn Pariah Church Latchford Latchford Britannia Prodebani P,rish Church 4 ... 2 ... 2 0 7 ... 9 4 Earlestown Amateurs 4 2 2 ... 0 8 _lO 4 St. Austins . Sankey Albions 'Warrington Trinity Stockton Heath Dareabury 3 .. 1 2 . . 4 R ... 2 St. Mary's Itichmonds 4 ... 0 ... 3 ... I ... 3 —ll I Guardian A.P.D.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Local R.S.P,C.A.. Inspectors

The -death occurred at his residenC;iti-irick- street, early on Tuesday morning of ex-Inspector William Brown, who severed his connection with the Warrington Branch of the R.S P.C.A.,some time ago. Decemed had been in ill health for the past twelve months, and had suffered from heart disease and bronchitis. He was in his 46th year, and had been attended by Dr Liston. Inspector Greatrex, Who was formerly stationed at Warrington, died on Tuesday, October Ist, at the Royal Infirmary, Newcastle-on-Tyne. Deceased had been ill for some four or five months, suffering from a cancerous tumour, for which an operation was deemed itecessary. After the operation pneumonia set in. and Mr Greatrex died as stated above. Re was 67 years of age. Mr Greatrex preceded Inspector ;3rown at Warrington.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
1r *II l fe , ' 101 • I ' . A . i,' fit' 4. " .‘,' . • 0. _ SY'l. ;FP

EVER'

WOMAN

will find a remedy— safe, sure, lasting—fcr constipation, impoverished - blood, and all irregularities of the system in

tit, "For sick headaches,languor„ P" dizziness, constipation, an , kindred. ailments, Seigen ' Syrup is the best medicine ryrip- ~ the world," says " 'AYLOR, 25, Mourn ,ord St., Sparkhill, 'ham.

1*.",4.1 4 ' , ~, • , :4 , A' ~.;.„ %.,........ ~...„.... ......,_ ..41b.. -••■11 4 -1.-. , .4 4 I's •'.. ':,,, t in L Mrs. E. T - / Binning • t. . . k , .........,......_—

1111.•

===== 0002601_19011011_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Strong Complaint from the Vicar of

Burtonwood.

A meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council was held at Bwsey Chambers on Wednesday aftern,son, Mr Joshua Ball presiding. There were also piesent : Messrs J W Knowles, W Houghton, Mather, Halton. Backhouse, and Dr Murray, with J C Sutton (elerk), S Sutton (assistant clerk), Dr Sephton (mAdical cffher of health), F Kerfoot (inspector), and B S Newcombe (sur- veyor). MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.-DEATH FROM BEER POISONING.

Dr. SErtrrox repornd that during the month there had been 28 births and 10 deaths. The death-rate was equal to 9 9 per thousand against 12 the average of the last three months, and 9 2 the correspending period last year. During the month five cases of scarlet fever had been reported. The DOCTOR said he had trade inquiries respecting a death from peripheral neuritis which occurred in Liver- pool-road. Sankey, and which was reported at the last meeting of the Council. It appeared that death was due to arsenical poisoning brought on by beer drinking. The CLERK said it would be for the doctor in the case to certify the cause tf death and communicate with the registrar. The responsibility of that Council, except for record, was at an end. Tbe report was adopted. _ _ .

-3:111-R-T-ONWOOD 'WATER SUPPLY—A SERIOUS MATTER. The INsPECTOR reported that in accordance with the Council's instructions he had made inquiries respecting the length of the water main required to be laid in the township of Buttonwood from Broad Lane to Causeway Bridge, also the number cf houses on the route. He had ascertained that the number of houses was 19, only 6of which had a supply sufficient for domestic use. The length of main rr-quired to be laid was 1 mile, 7 furlongs, 17 yards. From Chap. Wane to Haslam's farm the length of main required would be 1 mile,7 furlongs, 293 yards. The number of houses on the route was 23,1 13 of which had an insufficient supply. The total length of main required would be 3 miles, 6 furlongs, 310 yards. Mr HOUGHTON said he was afraid that the Parish of Buttonwood would be " playing another tune some day." Mr Forshaw, had, however, said that the parish agreed to the extensions. The CLERK said the responsibility rested upon the I Council. It was only a matter of courtesy that they authorised the extensions. They must not part with the discretion simply because they had the Parish Council's coiniOn. It would be a very serious matter to carry the main such a distance for so small a return. On tbe other hand there was the question as to whether the people had any other means of getting water. It would perhaps be well for the Inspector to see what effect the rain-fall had had. Mr flacrox asked why the landlord—Lord Lilford— did not supply the water. The INSPECTOR We cannot compel him. Mr KNowLas sail that in that case the tenant would have to pay for the water when it was supplied. The Parish Council had sanctioned that the work should be

Mr HALTON did not think the Parish Council bad realized the position. Mr KNOWLE3 sad the Rural Council had agreed at a previous meeting that those who required water should be supplied. He proposed that the extension should be carried out.

The CLERK said that careful deliberation in the matter was very desirable, so that they might see exactly what amount they were going to spend on the matter. Be thought they should have a report on the pounds, shillings, and pence question. (Hear, hear). Mr KNOWLE9 expressed his willingness for the matter to be deferred until such a report was supplied. The matter was accordingly deferred until the next meeting in order that the inspector might make further inquiries and present a report.

- - STRONG COMPLAINT FM THE VICAR OF BURTONWOOD..- " COUNCIL CULPABLY NFGLECTFUL OF ITS DUTY."

The Local Government Board wrote incicsing-COpy of a further letter which had been addressed to them by the 11,m7 A M Mitchell,vicar of Burtonwood and request- ing to be furnished with the observations of the Council on the matter. _ _ _

The letter referred to was addressed to the secretary of the Local Government Board and was on the subject of a nuisance alleged to be caused by a brook in Buttonwood, and which had previously been brought before the notice of the Board by the rev gentleman. It read as follows i— t, Sir, with reference to your letter bearing date 20:h August, I have to report with regret that no abatement of the nuisance referred to in my previous letter has yet been made. The explanation of the Rural District ICouncil is therefore scarcely bona-fide. The brook in question is in a most disgraceful condition and no effort is being made to apply a remedy. The sanitary author- ity is culpably neglectful of its duty. I am yours faithfully. A M MITCHELL." The INSPECTOR reported the results of inspections of the brook which he had made. Oa the 30th ult, thel brook was foul, owing to various causes which he had already reported upon. On the previous day (Tuesday) he was again in Burtonwood. There was a good stream of fresh water passing down the brook which was quite clear. There was no offensive matter and there was no nuisance whatever arising from the brook. Dr SEPRTON Said that at the request of the Coun- cil he met Mr. Forshaw at the brewery last Wednesday and they inspected the brook together. They found it very much polluted, mainly by the sewer- age from the brewery. He (the dcctor) suggested certain alterations in the sewage tank and filter bed at the brewery, which Mr Forshaw readily consented to adopt. Tbe brook required clean- ing out for some distance from the brewery. Dr Sepliton added that Mr Mitchell complained of the brook being polluted below the sewage works. The works were not the cause of the pollution,which proceeded mainly from Mr Forshaw's brewery. If certain alterations were made there, it would improve the brook considerably. The work would in all probability be carried out before the next meeting of the Council. The alterations would prevent any further expense on the township. . .

- - It was decided that the Clerk should s.vrite to the Local Government Baard informing them that the matter was being dealt with, and that a further repast would be presented at the next Council meeting.

P3RT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

Mr BROOKS was appointed to represent the Council as a member of the Joint Cqmmitteo for the Port of Man- cht ster in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government Board Provisional Order Confirmation Act 190 L This concluded the business,

Latchford Imperial Pierrots. On Monday evening the Latchford Imperial Pierrots gave the first two concerts in the Parish Room, Latchford, in aid of the Christ Church En- largement Fund. A capital programme was sub- mitted which opened with the overture "Der Freischutz," by the orchestra. The other items were :—opening chorus, "The so:dier's chorus," the troupe; song, "My daddy's a gentleman," Mr H Houghton; humorous song, "Go and have it out, like I did," Mr F Freeman; song " Out on the Deep," Mr J ; humorous song "One's enough." Mr W Watkins; patriotic song "Volunteer." Mr F Stringer; humorous song," It's not cooked yet," Mr J Corbett; coon song, "Oh Ebenezer," Mr D Knight; humorous song, "I burst out laughing," Mr E Summers; song, "The Kerry dance," Mr R Grounds; song, "Don't you know," Mr .1 Critchley; patriotic Emig, "The flag we love," Mr J Knight ; banjo solo, Mr Kendrick; quartette, the Latchford Quartette Party; grand march, "The Brazilian," the orchestra. The principal item in the second part of the programme was the laughable sketch, entitled My friendly Advisers." The cast was as follows :—Horatio Brown (a henpecked husband), Mr E Summers; Harry Dare, Mr F Freemen ; Percy Vene,Mr W Watkins; Jim Merriman, Mr D Knight; P.C. Beet (a smart member of the force), Mr A Lowe ; Mrs Brown (Brown's better half), Miss Alice Houghton; Mary Ann (a very independent "General "), Miss Mary Warren. The evening's entertainment concluded with the comic sketch " How's the Weather?" ably performed by the Reynolds trio. The programme was repeated, With alight alterations, on Tuesday evening, and was equally well received.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11 1901. #006,•01".*

.1 . . 1 4 ^ 44.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The Appointment of a Public Vaccinator.

A meeting of the Board of Guardians was held in the Board Blom at th 6 Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided and there were also present : Mrs Clay, Rev Father Wilson, Dr Murray, Dr Patterson, Messrs 'r H Ashcroft, 8 Davies, William Houghton, T Halton,.l BiHinge, A Brooks, J Clarke, J Robinson, G Pilling. A Jolley. G Mather, J Backhouse, T Ritchie, J W Knowles, J C Sutton clerk), S Sutton (assistant clerk), A Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools). THE ESTIMATES.

The CLERK stated that the estimates for the ensuing half year were now before the Board for their tvgnature, and the contribution orders upon the overseers at the rate of 61in th,, noon the ratable value.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NON-RESIDENT RELIEF.

Mr JENNER FUST wrote stating that Sir John H bbert was anxious to ascertain how many Unions in the North-Western District refused to grant non-resident relief. He had replied to the letter so far as Warrington was concerned.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
DR SEPHTON.

A letter was read from the Local Government Board sanctioning the appointment of Dr Sephton at a salary of EEO as Medical Officer of No 3 district until 29th September, 1904. INFORMATION FOR VACCINATION OFFICERS.

The CLERK said he had received a circular from the Local Government Board relating to the vaccination Acts 1867-1898 in which they deal with a number of points that had probably given rise to discussion in other Unions in relation to prosecutions and so on under the 'Acts. A copy of this circular had been sent to each vaccination officcr,with a request for observation there- on, in order that he might know what the views of the law officers of the Crown were on the points raised.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE AGRICULTURAL RATES ACT.

The Local Government Board forwarded £276 103 3d in relation to 'the grant under the Agricultural Rates Act.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED WRONGFUL DISMISSAL.

Messrs BROWNE and CROMPTON, solicitors wrote to the Clerk as follows .—" We have been cKisulted by Mr William Finch, 36, Bostock-street, in this town, with reference to his having been wrongfully discharged from his position as lunatic attendant at the workhouse by Mr Dobton on Saturday night last without any cause, and we are, therefore, instructed to ask for payment of the sum of Li Is, being one week's wages in lieu of notice, and 6i 8d our costs,failing the payment of wh:ch by Friday next our instructions are to commence pro. ceedings against the Board of Guardians without further delay." Mr KNOWLES : Who is the lawyer? Mr JOLLEY : Your friend Mr Browne., ,(Laughter.)

The CLERK : I suppose the letter will be referred to the House Committee. The 6; Si is not recoverable ; about the guinea I %,m not sure. q't The CHAIRMAN : The question is whetter the man was entitled to more than one day's notice. Be was simply a temporary assistant engaged from day to day.

The CLERK : Be WWI one of the inmates. Tne CHAIRMAN : Not at the time. The matter was referred to the House Committee.

HOUSE COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of this committee it was recommended that the tea party proposed to be given by Mies Massy be gratefully accepted. Messrs A Jolley, Pilling,Mather and Robinson be appointed a committee to report upon the laying out of the grounds of the new infirmary. The name of Miss Nancy FAirclough was added to the list of probationary workers.—These minutes were passed. THE APPOINTMENT OF A PUBLIC VACCINATOR. SHOULD HE BE THE RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER OF THE WORKHOUSE ?

The Local Govercm'int Board wrote acknowledging the receipt of the Clerk's letter with reference to the proposal of the Guardians of the Warrington Union to combine in one person the appointment of a public vaccinator and resident medical officer of the Work- house. The Local Government Board suggested that the Guardians shou'd consider whether the appointment as public vaccinator of a resident Workhouse medical officer might not be undesirable on the ground that his close a.sociatinn with the Workhouse might deter persons above the rank of paupers from availing them selvcs of his services in the first mentioned capacity. The communication was considered by the House Committee and it Was recommended that in respect of the question asked. the Clerk be directed to reply that the Guardians see no objection to the combination of the offices of public vaccinator and resident medical I officer in one person. I Mr Becomes moved the adoption of the recommenda- tion of the House Committee. Mr MATHER seconded.

Mr PILLING moved an amendment that the minutes of the House Committee be passed with the exception of that relating to the suggested dual appointment of public vaccinator and resident medical officer at the Workhouse. an did so, he said, on the ground that he was of the opinion expressed by the Local Government Board that the two offices would not work well to- gether. Mr J W KNOWLES seconded the amendment. Al the present time, he said, practically the whole of the vaccination of children was done by the pubic vaccina- tor, and the idea of the Local Government Board in fixing the fees on a liberal scale was to retain the services of a leading practitioner in the district as public vaccinator. By combining the office of medical officer at the Workhouse with that of the public vaccinator they would not get a leading practitioner in the district to apply for the position because the salary would not be equal to what they were earning as private practitioners. It would mean that they would get a young man who had had very little practice. He would not care to have a young man experimenting on a child of his. The Bard requiredi 'Elliman of experience at the head of his profession to undertake the important work of vaccination and such a man could be got for the remuneration or fees be would be able to get out of the office. He did not think a workingman, or one in better circumstances would like the stigma of it being said that their children had been Vaccinated by the Workhouse eloctor. A feeling of that kind would be engendered if they amalgamated the two offices as suggested. Mr BILLINGE supported the amendment. The CHAIRMAN said he would like to point out that there appeared to be some misapprehension in the minds of the mover and seconder of the amendment. Mr Pilling said he was of the same opinion as the Local Government Board. As a matter of fact the Local Government Board had not expressed any opinion at I all. They had asked for the opinion of the Guardians. Mr Knowles had said that the position ought to be held by a man of good standing in his profession. On that point the House Committee was entirely at one with him. If they were to have a resident medical officer they wanted to obtain the services of the best man they , could and it was the opinion of the rnajnity of the committee that that encl:mirlit be best affected by combining in one individual tnese two offices. The Guardians were compelled to pay certain' fees out of the ratepayers' money for vaccination, and ' it was thought by amalgamating the two offices they would make the post so valuable that if it were thrown open for competition, they would get an experienced man. As to the talk about experimenting on anyone it was a well known fact that before a medical man was recognised as a public vaccinator;he must be fully quali- fied for his work. The Local Government Board required to be satisfied on that point. Personally he should be sorry if the amendment were carried. Mr KNOWLES: You lose sight of the fact that in these days the duties of public vaccinator and poor law doctor are two different appointments. The CHAIRMAN : All our public vaccinators at present are Union Officers. Mr PILLING : Our last one wasn't. Tee CHAIRMAN Originally he was. Mr KNOWLES : The big fees are given with a view of inducing leading medical men to undertake the duties. Mr CLARKE supported the amendment on the ground that it would be unfortunate to appoint a medical 'officer for the Workhouse and give him vaccination duties outside. reMr BROOKS feaid the Flame Committee wanted a first class man in the Workhouse but at present there was not sufficient work to keep a doctor going. Mr BILLINGE : Who said so? Mr BROOKS : As a member of the House Committee I know that is so. He did not think the Guardians would like to pay the high remuneration necessary to get a good resident medical officer. The schema brought

NEWTON VOLUNTEERS ANNUAL PMZE MEETING. The annual prize meeting of the F Company (Newton detachment of the 6th V.B. Rings Liverpool Regiment), was held at Altcar on Saturday. The weather was not at all of a propitious character, the frequent downfalls of rain, and the high wind which prevailed, being alts- gether against correct shooting. The following are the various competitions, and re- sults :—.* Hamilton " Challenge Cup. For this com- petition all efficient members of the company were eligible, except recruits. The competitor who bad at- tended the greatest number of drills together with the points allowed for class firing as per company rules to be declared the winner: On this occasion Lance Ser- geant James Rillan won the challenge cup and one guinea. HANDICAP SERIES.—The twenty-one prizes offered in the handicap series for competition, to the aggregata value of £ll are subscribed for by the tradesmen of Newton-le-Willows and other supporters of the Corns. The conditions were seven shots each at 200 and 500 yards, and the actual scores registered at 200 yards count for tradesmen's prizes. Three scores of 37 were coonted out. The following are the scores :

200 500 Al'ow- To-

0. d. yds. yds. ance. tal. Private T Hargreaves Sergeant F Appleton 1 5 0 ... 23 ... 20 ... 4 ... 50 Lance Sergeant W Kent Private CI McCormick Private H Travers l2 6 ... ... 14 ... 12 ... 50 Lance Sergeant J Pullen Private W Jones 9 0 ~ 18 ... 15 ... 14 ... 47 Bugler B Jones Private J Jackson private T Boardman ...... 6 0 ... 19 ... 22 ... 2 ... 43 The following were winners of 58 each :—Private T Tapp (42), Lance Corporal J Banks (42), Sergeant 11 Wright (40), Sergeant J Rimmer (C.), Lance Corporal W Devereux (40), Lance Corporal J Anderson (40), Private H Lanwarne (40), Private el Fitzgerald (39), Lance Sergeant H Dobbs (39), Lance Corporal it 11 Jones (37), Lance Corporal W Pendle- bury (37). MARKSMEN'S CHALLENGE Cur.—All marksmen of the Company for the !ear are entitled to shoot for this Challenge Cap, the gift of Captain N WCorquodale. The couditioLs were similar to the 'King's first stage, 1901.

_....,-. 203 503 600 To- Winners. yds. yds. yds. tat* Private T Boardman, cop and £1 l9 22 20 61 Lance-Sergeant .0 Pollan Sergeant T Appleton Sergeant J Himmer 26.6 d 22 18 11 51 RECRUITS PRlZES.—Conditions : &yea shots prone at 200 yards : s, d. Total. _

Private H Wright Private FT Kenny Private J R Davies 6 0 Private 70 Nash Private It Littler 5 0 Private T Porter 5 0 Private Guilforsi Private 0 Bennett I DRILL PRIZE WINNERS :

s. d. Bn. Co. tat Cadet ncock Lance--Sergeaut H Nobba Bugler B Jones Lance-Sergeant 3 Pullan Sergeant J Milliner Lance-Corporal .7 Anderson Bugler Ci- Baker Private W H Burgess G)lOur-SE.rgvant ' Appletoa carried out the duties of range and executive officer and Sergeant J Rimmer the Secretarial work of the Company.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A 0 , 4 4 A, - • *f ?, •: , , • 0 't: „,,,,,,, . ur . x,.._ „..?:,: , ~.,%. ... ~ *.:‘.." i:. ' P . • . _

For Sanaiivi-Uses.

remarkable emollient, cleansing, and puri- fying properties, derived front CUTICURA, the great skin cure, warrant the use of CuriconA SOAP, in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflamma- tions, and chitlings, too free or of- fensive perspiration, in the form of internal washes and solutions for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic purposes which read- ily suggest themselves to women. The use of CUTI- CURA ointment with CUTICULA. SOAP Will suggest itself in the severer eases. "old by all Chemists, Cr postpaid, SoAr. Is.; OrxrmErr. 28. Cfl-.: of F. NEWBEEY SC SONS, London, E. C. POTTER Dnuo AND CHEW,. Conr., Sole Propa., Boston, U. S. A.

Irs r

===== 0002601_19011011_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
YELLOW AA GUINEA.

Severe pains in the chest stomach and back, after the enjoyment of good health, were, as they are always, the result of a system poisoned ht. inactive kidneys. Such was the condition of Mr Henry Slack, of 48, Gt. Egerton-street, Stockport. "I had severe pains in my chest, stomach and back : my skin went as yellow as a guinea, and I felt us a thoroughly baa way." Doctor's treatment for a month saw him weaker, as he was allowed little or nothing to at. Little expecting relief, be tried Dodd's Kidney Pills and began at once to mend. " I am now as well as ever I was,and I can safely say it was Dodd's Kidney Pills that put me right." Mr Slack was suffering from the direct effects of kidney derangement, and his symptoms were entirely dra to them. Once biz kidneys acted as nature intended he rapidly became well. Dodd's Kidney Pills set the kidneys going, made them healthy and strong and able to do their duty, as they have done in thousands of cases, curing diseases that are due to failure of the kidneys only. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2; 91 per box, of all Chemists or post tree on receipt of price from the Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.G. Be sure of the name, Do-d4l-'s.

MR. WINSTON CHURCHILL M.P. AT ST HELENS. Mr Winston Churchill, M.P., on Tuesday night delivered his lecture, " The War as 1 ssw It," at the St Helens Town Hall: The Mayor (Alderman J Forster) presided over a large and influential audience. The lecture was given under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Assochition, and the committee and officials were invited by the Mayor to meet Mr Churchill in the Mayor's parlour, those present including Sir David ] Gamble, Bart. and Colonel Richard Pilkington, M.P.) with two of his three sons who have served in South Africa. 1 The Mayor briefly introduced the lecturer, and said I that St Beiens was slot behind any other place in the kingdom in its delight to welcome any man who had 1 distinguisted himself so much as Mr Winston Churchill I ] (Applause.) They were always pleased to hear of British pluck, intelligence, and smartness, and they had I I read enough to know that Mr Churchill bad exhibited I all those splendid qualities. Mr Churchill gave a most interesting account of the ] operations in Natal, and concluded by saying that the war was not over yet, and there still rernainedjenough of the heavy task to try their patience, fortitude, and 'tact ; indeed, it was a grievous undertaking, for now that the issue was certain one could not help grudging ' every life sacrificed to futile bitterness, and to those savage passions which war itself aroused. Yet LI would seem that the more thoroughly such quarrels were fought out at the time the better was the understanding between the combatants afterwards, and it was from such conflicts that larger systems and stronger unions rose firmer and more enduring. He cherished the hope that the memories of those battles and ambuscades which now seemed so horrid and forlorn would be among the things which should bind together those two stubborn, war .worn, and apt unworthy races' upon whose friendly co-operation the future of South Africa depended. (Applause). The Mayor moved a vote of gratitude to Mr Churchill 1 who asked the audience to subscribe to the Field Forces Fund. _

Great progress has been made lately with the defence of the Firth of Forth. The fortifications at North and South Queensferry for the defence of the Forth Bridge are well advanced, and are to be equipped with power- ful batteries of heavy guns. Inchkeith has been strengthened, and at Bingham the fortifications and guns have been overhauled, The effect of the arma- ments at Kinghorn, when completed, will be to render the north channel of the Firth (which is the principal channel, and, indeed, the only one open to big vessels) impassable to an enemy. Heavy batteries are to be erected there soon. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEECAPS, &C.—For Varicose Veins and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive, and I are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 6d, 7s 6d, I and 108 6d each.—Postages free.—WILITE AND WRIGHT Surgical Instrument and TrussMakers,.93, Renshaw-street, top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People

have cured thousands of

cases of

Anmmia, "Decline," Consumption, Frieumatism, at ca, St. Vitur.' Dance,

Ciscvders, Pa!,Etatioras, Scoc,"%la,

Ce Ladies' Ailments.

A MIS Tonic, not a mere Purgative. Of all Chemists and Stores, or front Dr. rViOams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, 25. 9d, a box, six boxes for 135. 9d.

I

===== 0002601_19011011_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

• NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at 1 CALEB Twiss—Sorry we cannot Insert your letter on vaccination. There is no good to he gained from raising Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday.--Present . Messrs J such a discussion.—En., " Examiner.' ' Knowles (in the chair), S Woodward, T Wright, J B -- Chadwick, C E Linaker, 3 Moseley. Williams, 3 Spruce, I The Mayoralty. E A Wallirgtcn, 11 Mawdsley, A H Taltot, 3 Stokes, J I, Whitlow, P Gleays.,, 'I Lewis, G Pilling, T Darlington, C Sir,—As it is impossible for me to reply separately to all who have written to ask me to accept the position IRoylance, E Bretberton, J Mclntyre, A Eaton, J Ellison, 1 S Houghton, and Messrs G F Ashton, (clerk), WE of Mayor of Warrington for the ensuing year, I Leg Hough, (deputy clerk), W Diggle, W Swinton, (sur- through your columns to express my sincere apprecia- veyors) and J Farrington (inspector). tion of their goodwill and especially that of the 180 . PENNY'S BILL. working men from whom I have received post cards, I Bli , The following letter was received from Dr John Penny am deeply sensible of the kind encouragement thus MB., D Sc., F.R.S.E„ under date 3rd October, 1901. afforded. Yours faithfully, " South Western Hotel. Aldershot. In reply to sour J. CHARLTON PARR. letter dated 26thk September, 1901. I beg to inform the Grappenhall Heyes, October 2nd, 1901. Council that having made my report I have nothing ---- further to add. An early payment of my fee will School Accommodation at warrington. oblige." To G F Ashton, Esq„ clerk to the Runcorn Sir,—The reports in last week's issue show that the Rural District Council. school accommodstion question has assum2d a very . .. .. _ . . _ .

Mr Wright proposed and Mr Linaker,seconded that 1 the account he paid. Passed without comment. TUE THELWALL NUISANCE. Letters were received from Mr R A Naylor, Cuerden Hall, Warringten from September 25'h to October 7th, giving da,ly the state of the nuisance from the brook and Tannery in Weaste-lane which he dee cri bed as a source of considerab'e annoyance and nuisance to him. The C!erk said he bad filed all the letters received from Mr Naylor which were to the effect that at differ- ent hours of the day there was a nuisance. Mr Linaker said that the letters should be read. The nuisance still continued and any person who mada any complaint should be entitled to consideration. Mr Woodward protested against the re-opening of the discussion. Recurring complaints could not have the constant attention of the Council. The grsatest nuisance was the ink nuisance. He was receiving letters continually about it. Mr Linaker ; What is being done by this Council to 1 remedy the nuisance ? 1 The Clerk said that with respect to the sewers he was in communication with the owners. He had also written to the Manchester Ship Canal with reference to the culvert. They were willing to clean it out as far as middle of the road as soon as the owner, Mr Long, cleaned out the other portion. Mr Linaker proposed that if the inspector found a deposit Cu the canal embankment which created a nuis- ance he shall give notice for its removal. Mr Roylance seconded and the proposition was I carried. Mr Wallington asked if there had been any word from the Local Government Board with respect to the matter. The Chairman : None! They are as Elow as we are. (Laughter.) Mr Wallington : Then I pity them. (More laughter.) Mr Roylance asked that Mr Long he requested to clean out his length of the ditch in order that the Ship Canal could clean their's. The Clerk informed the Council that he was already taking the necessary steps. NORLEY WATER SUPPLY. The Clerk said he had looked up the correspondence they had had with the Parish Council at Norley two years ago. Since then nothing had been done. It was a matter that concerned the District Council and was for them to decide. Mr Woodward said that the whole question was a difficult and intricate one. The first step to be taken shou!d be to approach the landowners—there were two of them—and see what they were prepared to do. It would be an expensive undertaking, but in the event of the landowners doing something handsome they would do their part. He supposed they would have to adopt the Gurney scheme, though there were perhaps other ways which would be cheaper. The matter will again be brought up for further nor- sideration.

grave position. Now evidently the Education Depart- ment have given warning for some time, that steps must be taken to find the necessary accommodation2lor the ever grcwing population. Up to the., present the managers have not taken thei question in band thoroughly, and the Educk tion Department have given notice that I' the present management cannot comply, other means will have to be resorted to. Now the sum mentioned to meet the present requirements is £14,000 ; but the new schools for Marsh Rouse-lane district are not ' mentioned in the scheme, and as the accommodation required is for 800 in that district alone it would make , a big bele in the £14,000 to build schools el such al capacity. Managers are net very partial to .the responsibility under the 1891 code ana things are in an awkward fir. £14,000 is rather ix large sum for Warrington to raise in voluntary subscriptions, and for one eect to accom- plishi it is a huge task, Warrington is one of the few towns whicn has not adopted Board Schools, and in my opinion a great mistake has been made, for the present circumstances only point one way which is failure of the Voluntary Schools System. They have done well I admit, but under compulsory education, better accommodation is required by the department, and managers under the Voluntary system cannot always meet these requirements. But take another view of the question. Parents are compelled to send their children to school and accoomtn- dation cannot be found in the locality. Is it right, I ask that the children should be compelled to travel moon veniently, just because the Voluntary system is i_ existence and the various sects will not allow Roamn Schools to be adopted? Now lam aware that the mere mention of Beard Schools is a bogey to many, but I am of opinion that if the people of Warrington only knew what it means ta our children, the Voluntary system would not exist much longer. lam fully aware that the question requires great consideration ; it would not be justice to erect isolated schcols, as the whole of the ratepayers would have to share the burden. Under a School Board, however, our children would have a better opportunity of getting a good education, as the arrangements are better in every way, and above all things the Education is free, and the parents would soon find the difference. No pence to pay, no books, no slates, to buy! Further the management is by the people for the people,—Yours, ENGEWLIS. October 2nd, 1901.

MANCIIE9TER PORT SANITARY ATJTHORITY. It was resolved that Messrs Williams, Chadwick, Woodward, Linaker and Wright attend the Joint Con- ference appointed to depute a representative to it on the Council of Manchester Port Sanitary Authority.

IMPROVEMENT CT' A TIMM ROAD. A letter was received under date 4th October, from Mr George Leigh, clerk to the Rucklow Rural District Council, to the effect that at the last meeting of his Council attention was called to the improvement that had been made in Swineyard-lane, High Leigh, and a request bad been made that the remainder of the road Should be likewise attended to. As this was in the Appletan Parish of the Runcorn Council it was thought that they would have no objection in being acquainted with the views of the members which were to the effect that an improvement would be effected if the length in Appleton Parish leading out of Swineyard-lsne, High Leigh, could be broken up and macadamized. Mr Darlington said the road ought to be done. It was one of the three main roads in the district and a ' great deal of traffic went over it. He proposed that the necesaary work be done. The proposition was passed. This was all the business of public interest.

a Herbert Milner, aged 16, of Richard-stree, Bradford, has died from blood poisoning, the result of pricking his fingers with a pin.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
The Study of a Mad World. h.

Sir,—Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to repudiate Mr Chamberlain. Let us, then, by all means, support him. Let us, then, by strenuous effort, continue, like Aaron, to hold up the hands of this up-to-date Moses, that his people may still be ignorant—and happy! Amongst all the fhwers that blossom in that Cimmerian hot-h,ouse at Wesminster, truly Moses is the rarest orchid! His price as an orchid is inestimable because his form is extraordinary and novel. Sever before aid orchid assume such a shape. He is like the monstrous vision of some distempered Ez ,kiel—a figure with the face of a man—a nose like a self-driving screw—a stony eye like a sphynx propounding riddles—a Brummagem jaw—a cheek like unto the cheek of that most pathetic figure which may any day be discerned on the tanks of the Bridgewater Canal, to wit—a boat-horse' That syhynx was once a Radical ! That sphynx once pro- mised three acres and a cow! That sphynx hinted at old-age pensions. But that sphynx ever had one flash- ing binocular for the people and one undimmed eye for the other side! When the obese Homeric autocrat dies —when the sophist nephew of Homer has resigned for a little period—that sphynx shall become Prime Minister! Nevertheless, by ignorance, he arose, and by blissful ignorance, he continueth. For, as the Lord maketh the people he paireth them with rulers. So Be bestowed Mr Joseph Chamberlain—the one and only Unitarian— the mighty contractor—the friend of Rhodes and of jazneson—upon the worthy Biitish nation! The British nation, we repeat, is ignorant, and where ignorance is bliss tis folly to be otherwise ! England is happy in the following imaginations. She believes that the war of an elephant upon a nest of field-mice, as Mark Twain says, is glorious. She believes that the march of concentrated and iron battalions, through guerilla fighters to a guerilla capital is one of the most briniest achievements on record. She believes that the

===== 0002601_19011011_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MINUTE is all you need to convince you of the undoubted fact that the cures effected by

===== 0002601_19011011_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' ink Pills

r. • A . • Akf *lt 4. Pale People

are true cures, for they are to be found in every town in the

Country. They are attested by your own friends and neighbours.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A LANCASHIRE CASE FOR INSTANCE.

A Newspaper Investigation of a Woman's Remarkable Cure.

An affair ha 5 come to light at Hulme, which is regarded in the neighbourhood with quite extraordinary interest. A Manchester reporter ran across the incident in question, and obtained an exclusive story._ _ _

Mrs. Elizabeth Harvey, forty-one years of age, resides at No, 45 Owen Street, Hulme, Man— chester, and the reporter interviewed her a few days ago at her residence. Mrs. Harvey's exact words are given as taken down by the reporter. "I have turned forty-one years of age," she said, "and I have been troubled with a cough and chronic pain in the chest ever since I can remember. The doctors said it was bronchitis. I got so bad that three years ago I was induced to attend: the Hospital for Consumption and Diseases of the Throat and Chest, in Hardman•street, Deansgate, as an out patient. The least exertion made me very short of breath, and I was many times unable to attend to my household duties. I became very weak, as I had no desire to eat and did not enjoy my food. The racking cough was very distressing, and the pain in my chest was often almost unbearable. In fact, I was altogether in a very miserable condition. The doctors examined me, and prescribed for my complaint. They gave me medicine and supplied me with liniment to rub on my chest." "I took a lot of medicine, but it did me no good. I got no better, and I had the same pains in my chest. I got tired of going to the hospital, for the treatment did not benefit me at all ; at any rate I got very little relief. At times, I was so short of breath that my family became alarmed for fear I should die of suffocation."

"And then what did you do, for you seem alright now ? "

" It is now over two years ago that a Mr. Grierson, whom I knew, and who had himself receive great good from taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, prevailed upon me to try a box. I had not much faith in them at first, but I thought I would give .rs. HARVEY (from a photo.) them a fair trial. I went on taking them regularly. The first and second boxes did not produce any very tangible results any more than the hospital medicine, but after the third box I experienced a decided change for the better." " What was the nature of the change they effected ? "

"My cough became easier, and the pains in my chest gradually went away. I also got stronger every day, became more cheerful, and could go about my household duties with more pleasure. Work then became no trouble to me. I have taken them at intervals ever since. lam taking them now. Whenever I feel that I require them I take one or two and I am better in health at the present time than I have been for years."

Letter to the 01:otor.

war is at an end ! That South Africa, peopled by the most stubborn people on ear h will eventually become a peaceful portion of her Empire. That the Boer is treacherous, cowardly, anil a hypocrite ! That the in- formation from South African newspapers, priorlto the war, was trustworthy although nearly every one of those papers was owned by the Angle-Jewish Chartered Company. She believes teat Red-tape and Pipe-clay will win battles,—that British officers do not carry pianos and kitchen ranges in the interests of mobility— that South Africa will be a floe place to live in when we have spent another couple of years in making a deaf:tier, of it. She believes that Mr Burdett-Coutts and Miss; Rohl:louse were liars—that there was no medical acanthi' —that no misery eves existed or does exist in the concentration camps, and that the best way to find Truth is to get at her by way of Parliamentary Com- mission. She believes that Mr Wieston Churchill is a gesius, and Sir Robert Reid an ass. She prefers ale to cocoa—Colonel Efall Walker to Mr Cadbury I She be- lieves that she can go on indefinitely spending a million and a half a week without feeling it and thus the onlooker (continental nations) des not see the best of the game and is cot test able to jadge of it. Above all she believes that this war has cemented the Empire instead of having demonstrated to Canada and Aus- tralia bow easily they can throw off our s ule when they feel so disposed. All these things England believes ana is happy, To dissipate her ignorance would be to dis- turb her besotted bliss—to repudiate Mr Coamberlain ! Before the war she was in no danger as a power, even it South Africa had ceased to be her own, which, with ' diplomacy it never would have been. She was at the very height of her glory with no weak place in her armour except lreland—respected and honoured of nations—and worthy of every lofty title which our mighty fathers achieved for us ! Now,through , her folly she stands upon the brink of a precipice ! Killed by anxiety, she has lost her Qaeen—that great personality, who, above all Woes, guaranteed the good- will of the monarchies of Europe. She has wholly diverted her attention from domestic reform at a time when djmestic reform is peculiarly needed. She has given the last stab to Liberalism. She has made straight the way for Oligarchy. She has undermined , her constitution. She his shackled her hands with a task which she can never accomplish. She is daily growing weaker in prestige, power and commerce whilst her rivals over reach her. She has lost in China what the future will decnon.strate to be of infinitely more value than the two Beer republics. She is still inebriated and • nothing but calamity will move her. Calamity must surely come. Seeing this, as a little Englander and true lover of my country I almost man- age to get opinions ! Expression of them,however fails me, and I am compelled to sign myself as before, Yours sincerely,

L'HOMME QUI RIT.

Organization of Cheshire Farmers. In the course ot a brief address on Monday night at Hyde. to the members of the Hy.le and District Farmers' and Milk Sellers' Association, Mr Edward Chapman, M.P„ emphasized the importance of organization and unity. As dairy farmers they do well to foster an association such as the one under whose auspices they were met ; there was nothing so excellent and necessary as pure milk, and an association like theirs could give a guarantee that the supply was all. that coull be desired.—Mr Sadler, of Nantwich, gave an interesting account of the organization and objects of the Cheshire Milk Producers' Association, of which he is secre- tary Ihis association now numbered, he said, between 900 and 1,000 members, but there were still many remaining outside the pale of the association. Farmers had been very slow to recog- nize the advantage of organizing for the protection of their own interest,but at last they were awaken- ing to the desirability of such a step. He was satisfied that if they did not organize to defend their proper interests a large number of them ' would have to go out of the business of da;rying. They as farmers wanted to sell the public pure milk, an article entirely free from disease germs. but they did not want to be harassed in their busi— ness in an improper manner when they were trying to do their best ; and the only way they could get protection was by forming themselves into a strong body. lithe tenant and dairy farmers of England could only realize their strength they need have no fear of anybody taking undue advantage of them. (Applause.)

CADBURY S COC)A is highly nourishing and easil digested, repairing waste and preserving health, It is absolutely pure and untampered with, being entirely free from drugs, alkalies, or any admixture. CADBURY'S is a perfect food, suitable for all ages and all seasons of the year. (1)

DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS If you suffer from BACKACHILLUMBAGO,GEAVEL, KIDNEY DISEASE, DROPSY, WIND, WATER COM- PLAINTS, etc.. you will find a positive cure in Holdroyd'e Gravel Pills, Don't delay, try them to-day. If not satisfied, money returned. Is lid all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLECKHEATON, YORKS.

f . X-. 41 _ )144' 411),

===== 0002601_19011011_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ' 4 i , 1, , . 1 ' _ 4 -', 1 • , . , , ! 1 . 1 1 ' 1 , ... , , 1 f t t, '• .', ..... . , , r -'r •''..: i '1 , t‘i ... : I ~. . { ... , . ; t ~• i 1 : '., I 1, (•• i 1. l' 1 ' 1 . ! , , , ' f . . s, . ‘ ' . ; . . 1 •'. ! .: , f •-: ' . t : • 1 .• •••:. , ••:,„ „, 4, ; : . i , I. ;., , . _ ~• .. ,J•: . • : .. , ( 1 , 0 , i.,, ~..:, , ~. , . , i. i t., .'''!: V. 4; ~?. -,..4.1... . s

===== 0002601_19011011_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "o;:amtner itatts

TIE " WABErNGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE Exissiarita." pebashed every Saturday morning. T" EABLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" " ET. HELENS EXAMINEE," published every Friday ellen:loon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINEE," published every Friday morning. T" " IDNES Ex r Anti.-Es," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEEd. WANTEDS. TO BE LETS 18 WORDS 6D., And 3d for each -9 words

ON SALES. succeeding . The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- Rue, tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES PoIIND MISCELLANEOUS BALES

===== 0002601_19011011_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
amtstir iperbants, etc.

TV Apply GIRL. about 15. to help In the house.— Apply Mho GOODYIIII.B, 3:llll4treet, Paolham,Burnley.

WANTBD good COOK-CISNERAL.—By letter, giving references, to Mrs COOK, Crank Hall, near St Helens.

WANTED Clean TIDY GIRL about 15 or 16 for hose- work; no wail:Ling.—MAL WOODS, 93, Rallway-street Southport,

WANTRD,GEBNIIRAL.abIe to do plain cooking no washing wages £2o.—Apply Miss HunsoN, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTBD BXPIittIENCHD GENSR&L, all duties ; small family; reference required.-5, LONSDALE-ROAD, Fallowfield, Manchester.

DISENGAGED OBBIERAL. age 20; 2 year. reference £l6; plain cook and wash.—JoaNsow, 8, Marion- street, Warrington.

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT, good washer; no el2ildren.—Apply MRS. ASPLNALL, Kenyon House, Kenyon-toad, Wigan.

WANTED COOK. two in family; expellent Situation in Warrington. wages £22.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street. Warrington.

WANTED ERFLVANTS.—QuIek engagements for Cook- Housemaids and Generals.—Apply Mns WHATMOIIGH 1, Panne—road, Rochdale.

WANTRD, at once. superior GENBRALS. gives good wage.; excellent situations.—Apply Mill. HUDSON, 19, Irlam-streat, Warrington.

WANTED. MINIMAL SERVANT: family one wash; character required.• 8, FILLSER-ROAD, Middleton- road, Crampsall, Manchester.

SUPERIOR PERSON (31) offers her services as CHILDREN'S NURSE with lady going to America.- 84, RODNEY-STREET, Birkenhead.

NvA NTBD , GBRRE&L ; two in family; fare paid ; moat be able to bake bread and cook; state wages.-194, TORKSHIRE-STREET, Rochdale.

-- WANTED Respectable SERVANT to assist in business; off licence; good hoine.--DRIDDOCK, 24E, (dreams- street, Moss Side. Manchester.

- AGOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT write or call to Miss HAmusor, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, good 'Ruction In War- rington ; no Washing ; wages £lB.—Apply Miss Hui:mix, 19, I'lam-street , Warrington.

WANTED, at once GIRL. clean and tidy; age 20 to 22; Protestant; no washing and good wages.—l, MASON- STREET. Paddington. adgehill, Liverpool.

110 IISEKEEPER, working. requires Situation to gentle- man; good cook : six years' reference.-13.. 43. Clifton-street, Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTED. GENERALS and GIRLS. best places ; excel lent is ages.—Call or write to M 135 HARRISON, 6 Oldham-street, Manchester, Established 1862.

WANTED, good GENERAL; one from the country pre- ferred ; not required for ban—Apply (after 2 p.m.) BowLoG GREEN, INN, Bank Quay, Warrington.

WAJNIIHII. GENkRAL at once. experienced person ; good reference required ; church preferred ; nurae kept,- 19, HEYWOOD-STREET, Cheethana Hill, Mane heeter.

WANUND immediately, GEN gRAL for Doctor's house, four in family. Wages commence £l6, reference.— fiPSINGFIELD, New Lane. Patricrott,near Manchester.

ANTRD immediately, superior Gl3bilittAL ; £l6 to £lB ; for Old Trail ord ; family two; plain cooking; good situatlon.-33, (Roux Wasnour-sTREET, Manchester.

WAISITED COOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or wiite to Miss HIRRI9oN, 6. Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

LIXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 576. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

youNa LADY seeks RE-HfiGAGEMHNT as Assistant Housekeeper, Companion, Help, or any place of trust ; good plain cook and need!ewoman ; servant kept; no chil- dren ; £lB or £2O.—Miss LEE, 143, Stamford:street, Brooks's Bar. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
'hare.

ti STOCK P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARK BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGE-STREET. LIVERPOOL,

3t10r5t5, Tarnageo. Scr.

ONeitsf SALE, two ood Weaning FOALS; sires, Mere Duke and Apostle.—T A DERBYSHIRE, Tabley Vale Farm, Xnutsf ord.

BARGAI N. COAL CART with Coal and Coke boards complete, giving up. —GERMAN, 3 Shelrnerdine•street, Rochdale-road. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
EZtanttb.

wAystiwpr. stewadateYryo-lUanTeH;aorrmdriZngdlleorytsii jeivnecin.—

ANTED.two good CAN VAn o ENS for InVestment Bonds. —Apply Box 181, " Examiner" OfEae, Warrington.

--wrA. MEDALS wanted, dated 1848, £2 given; also Arctic; Red River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele,Mastiona,Fenian Raid, &c.—Major TOMBS, Droitwich.

WANTED, a good all round WHEELWRIGHT. Per- manent job to steady man, Apply 0, BLACKBURN and Sons, Oldbam-atreet, Liverpool.

AMINTS WANTED to sell Hardware. Jewellery, Furnl- turn, Clothing, goods of all kinds, Wholesale Catalogue free.—BEaniDGE AND Co., (102), Birmingham.

rro CLERKS, PUPIL TEACHERS, PARENTS, and 1 others.— All information regarding Civil Service (ages lb-22) will be given free on application to I W Mcavoy, Inland Revenue, Warrington.

WANTED AN ORGANIST for the Barlestown Wesleyan Church; application to be made in writing ; stating terms, qualifications, ace ; to Mr PETER PARR. 144, Market street, Rarles.own. on or before the 22nd inst.

A GOOD WORKING FOREMAN BRICKSETTER seeks II Situation in or near Warrington at wire, chemical or ironworks. Well sip In furnace work ; sound references as to ability. Applicants must state in full* No builders need apply.—Address PLANT, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

29/6 • WHEKLY.—A Salary of 7s 6d lo 22s 61 offered to ~..1 either sex (who can write) for their spare moments; work may be done evenings. For particulars send addressed envelope to id. TRUSCOTT & CO., 3.h. Qlen- dower, Torqnay.

SNITARY INSP/ICTORsHIPS, ssiaries £ll3O to £253 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and other examinations ; pre- vious expezience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ; ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT IduaßEris, Sanitary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

tir MAKBIO (thoroughly experienced) WANTBD kJ immediately for superior work ; outdoor ; constant em- ployment to practical hands.—Apply W ILLIADI COATES AND eoNs, Shirt, Jacket, Overall, ac Manufacturers, and General Manchester Warehousemen, Friars Gate, Bridge-street, Warrington. Establlehed 1865.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
E 0 be Let.

PENKETr.—Cottasres 4s Od., 3s, 91. and 2s. Bd. per weak. BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CIATEBRINE STREET, rent 41. 3cl Apply ROBEBT Low's. Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet War. rington. Telephone—No I.

FrO LET, STABLE and COM:MEM:TSB, with lofts over .1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—App,y Woons a Sox Solicitors, 55. Horsercarketatreet, Warrington.

COMMERCIAL PRINTING WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM I'A.NIES.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS.

ZDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS.

FAMPBLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &C.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

Itottlo, fro, moarbing OStabo.

rpo LET, Comfortably FURNISHE4D HOUSE, moderate 1 terms to careful tenant, references requlred.-90, OLD LONDON-ROAD. Stockton Heath.

Mutation.

UHIVERSITIC SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most sums ful Boarding School for Boys. T Ituoursoon. M.A.. LL D., D.O.D.

Adontp.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES.

__. JAMES P. BATH & SON,

STOCK AD SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAOH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

61-1 WORTH DOUBLE, JUST FOlf- S. 11D. FEITED. CARVER AND FOUL IN CASH, hardly used, a sacrifice.

PIIOTOGRAPHY.—Trade Printw and Enlarger. Amateur wOrk done.-88 Edith Grove, Chelsea, d.W.

CROGICERI.-400 Articles for 325. Price lists free.— BENNETT. 25 Broom-street, Hanley Potteries.

ciAbH REGISTERS —Wanted two Nationals. State price. —FOTHER6ILL. Newborough Avenue, Liverpool.

QTAMMBRING cured by correspondence or personally.— N felAsoN, 68 Manor-road, Clissold Park. London, N.

I AUNARY.—Glazing linen like china. No polistlng irons, -ILJ also stiffening.—Write LAUNDRY 134, Liseard,Cheshire.

to 10 RABNEST SEEKERS AFTBR TRUTH—Send for 1 Booklet to W RAMSDEN, 157, Duckworth-street,Darwen.

DILES—THEIR CAUSE AND CURL—Send for particu- .l Jars to GRIFFIN do Belmont, 25, King-street West, Manchester.

fIANDSONIE PRESENT.—Guinea case of silver-mounted Carvers and Steel offered at Ss 6d. Approval willingly. —B H., 34, West Green-road, London, N,

CAREY PARROT, red tail; warranty given for talking; kJ month's trial, my risk ; 30s. Indestructible Cage, tie. Easy payments.—Tuomar. AVIARY, Morecambe.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
.'ate 5 bp Vribate Ertarp

litclailltb,

THE EXAMINER, FRID AY. OCTOBER 11 1901

===== 0002601_19011011_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED. good GENERAL. three In family.—Apply 90 ACOMB-STRHET, Manchester.

WANTED. Good GENERAL SERVANT; references.— 55. ACKEIIII-STREEr. Manchester.

njANTED General SBEVANT at once.—MßS HOLMES. V 93, Stßobna-road, Waterloo, near Liverpool.

WANTED. Good GENERAL SERVANT. CLARENCE INN, Slater-street. off Oldham-road. Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, with reference; family two.-91, HULTON-STREET, Brooks's Bar, Maneheeter.

WANTED, good GENERAL immediately, where another V is kept; to sleep in.-88,Dunttx-st,Regent-rd,Liverpool.

V ANTED an Experienced WAITRESS. used to table good wages.—lZioG AND PARTRIDGE HOTEL, Wigan.

WANTED, HOLTSHMAID—WAITREiS, email family; wages £2O to £22.-511be HIJESON, 19, Iriam-street, Warrington.

NVANTED Good General SERVANT; references.— REsTHAvEIe, 29, Lanselowne-road, West Didsbury,near Manchester.

WANTED superior GENERAL, good plain cook; family four; washing sent out.—Apply 42, ALBERT-BOAD, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

WANTISD :Superior ari ssitaL, ns Catly, no wash ing, good home, *ages :—Apply Moe HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WrANTBD, Engagement as HOUSEKEEPER to Working Man; good needlewoman ; fond of children.—H.. 106, DEEMER-STREET. Oldballi.

- -- WANTED Clean respectable GIRL, about 17, to assist with children and household duties.-36, CiREEX— LANE. West Derby-rosd. Liverpool.

li,N7 ANTED, GENERAL 17 to 20, good character required, limisemaid kept, no children.—Mra POGMOBE, 24, SCariebrick New Road, Southport.

WANTED a thoroughly good C3OK, for small family ; wages £3O per year; no kitchenmaid.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Warn-street Warrington.

WANTED GENERAL, for family of two, in Warrington, no washing, plain cooking, £l7 :—Mna Jon:isms, 8, Maroon-street, Warrington.

WANTED experienced ONNERAL ; nice eooking re- quired and good housework. Quiet situation; four In family. Wages £14.-*--asx LEIGH, Aughton. Ormskirk.

WANTED GENERAL good, for family of three ; part washing and plain cooking; good references.—Before 10 a.m. and after 6 pm, 33, bLITEY-ROAD, Birkenhead.

i'IONFECTIONERY.—W anted Sharp Gllts., not under 15 1..) as apprentice. live in, good home.—li. WALMBLEY, Bradshawgate, Bolton.

rilwo GOOD LORRIES AND CANT.—Apply, W. NORRIS, ..i. 4. Derby-road, Fannworth. Widr2eB.

BROUGHAM, LANDAU, dubel, single harness in good condition cheap.—SEARLE, Old Hall-road, Sale, Man- chester

Fro REMOVERS, SHOWMEN, Ac.—Van for Sale cheap; A. must be soIe.—GRESNHOUGH. 28, Alexander-street, Rochdale-road, Manchester.

C OLWIEN BAY.—Gilbertville Boarding-house, facing sea, centrally situated.—Mrs. JORDAN, Proprietress.

SWBETS, Minerals, Ice Cream, Tobacco, dm.; good reasons for leaving.-38. DUDLEY-ST., Illghtown, Muichester

t IN SALE a good Saddlery and Harness BUSINESS.—Par- N-1 ticulars, apply 14, St BEDE'S-AVENUE, Blackpool.

eIOAL BUSINESS to be Disposed of ; going concern.—For NJ particulars apply MERRILL'S, Ainsdale, Southport.

OLD-ESTABLISHED Chip. Fish, and Green Pea Busi nese for Sale : good. genuine business ; buyer taught. —Apply 80, A EICL-STREEI , Burnley.

FCHIP POTATOES, AND PEAS Restaurant near Belle Vue, main road. price £l2o.—Smirn, I,Brooklield Grove, Hyde-road, Gorton. near Blanchester.

WANTED GIRL, about 14.—App1y, IC9, LORD-BTREET, Stalvbridge, Manchester.

VA/ANTED KITOHEN-NIAID ; four other servants kept. Mrs C. F. JOHNSON, Nithen. Barton.

wANTED a ONCE a good GENEIRAL SERVANT.— Apply MRS. TILLEY, KIMBERLEY MOUNT, 001Wyll Bay.

WANTED Good GENERAL, about 20; reference required.-11a8 OwEzis,l23, Laurence-road.Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED, Young WOMAN, for farm; must be able to milk.—TOMAtl ODDIE, Great Oak Farm, The Oaks, near Bolton.

WANTED Superior GENRRAL, wages £1.6 to £lB. Good situation in Warrington.—Apply Miss Hunsow,l9. Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTHD at once a good GaNHHAL SeRVANT no washing.—Homasin, 774, Ashton old-road, Higher Openshaw, near Manchester.

WANT.HD Respect%ble GIGNISR&L, 17 to 20; no washtng; good wages if suitable.—Apply 25, figerton-Road, Choriton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK and HOUSEMAID; situation near Warrington ; references required ; £lB and £l7.— Mrs. JOHNSON, 8. Marson street. Wafrington.

WANTED good trustworthy SERVANT tor farm house ; one able to be left In charge.—Apply by letter, Mrs CalnwlCK, Riddingel Hall, Tfmperley.

WYASHER.—Experleneed W(IMAN WANTED• all year round, and to:live In; state age eto,—LLANDunzto }LAND LAUNDRY, 147. Mostyn-:treet.

WANTED, good GIi.NERAL for small family; plain cook— ing ; Protestant ; wages £l4 to £I6.—LYNDALE, Western-drive, Graasendale, Liverpool.

WANTED GENERAL under twenty ; faintly three: no children ; no cooking_; character indiepeneable.-4, BEATJToRT-RoaD. BagbastOn. Birmingham.

WANTHD, a respectable WOMAN as Housekeeper. age from 35 to 40, for a family of four.—Apply TROMA9 HARRISON, 77, Preston-road, Standish, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
'lock, Zumnroeq, cu.

SWiDilb. :toys and dooacco, &c., Business to be Disposed of; £80; reasons for leaving.-36, CATON-ROAD, Birken- tiPad. . .

GOOD ICE CREAM. SWEETS and MINERAL 8110 P to dtspose of. Main road.--81 CHESTER-ROAD, Malmo, Manchester.

-LI'S/I. CHIPS, and TRIPE BUSINESS for Disposal, nice 1: fitting, good living, main thoroughtare £40.--294, REGENT-ROAD, Salford.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAFEST MEDICINE

FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDroEsirrox, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSIoN, Loss ol APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE. DYSPEPSIA. DEART- BURN, LOWNESS OF bPIRITS. GIDDINESS, &C. AS A OHNERAL FAMILY AFERIBIST MSDICINE DR. SCOTT'S PILLS

--- ARE USEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in their curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and diver to [Mime their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. , DR. 8c U'rl'S PILLS ch 173,assprepared U Oli r onlLyA by W. LAMBERT 08. LONDON W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine inatead,but insist upon having the rightthing,whi iswrapped in a square green package. liv Foot for 14 0r34 stamps.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTO BB BAG (Cow Hide) From 161. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WA•IEEPROOF HOLD-ALL (

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

_PYRES 1 TYRES 1 I TYRES !1 I DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING MITRE CovEns FOR DUNLOP RIMS.

----- ----. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade; lls 6d each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber Ts each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber.

- - POLLARD & Co., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS. .28, 131;WE8IVICK-ROAD, LlvintrooL.

have passed away. In the words of Mr. GLinsToNr, Liberals must be tolerant of each other over their inevitable differences, and they must sit tigh

. - while the war lasts. They must also quietly ell- gage in the efficient organisation of the party, in full faith of its evergreen vitality and ultimate triumph.

The more that the Die Ameer's Death, career of the A:smo

• ABDUR RAHMAN is con- sidered, the more will anxiety be felt as to the events of the next few years in Afghanistan. Tbe late AMEER has been an active figure in the history of his country for twenty years. His natural shrewdness and strength of character, together with the troublous experiences of his early youth/ combined to form the kind of ruler most fitted for the pemliar circumstances of Afghanistan, which found in him one of its greatest Ameers. It sysn well for Great Britain and for India that our Government was able to make such a fortunate j selection of a successor to SHERB Aar. The position of Afghanistan as a buffer State between India and the Russian territory in Central Asia necessitate a strong ruler who can keep a firm hold over the numerous tribes of which its population ie constituted,and at the same time has the wirdoe to maintain an ,attitude of benevolent neutrala towards the two great States which lie on either side. It has at all times been a trying ordeal for the Ameers, and ABDUR RAHMAN was not alwaYs above suspicion. As the pensioner of Russia for many years before he came into his kingdom, was feared that his leanings might be in the dire' tion of favouring the Muscovite Power; but it is probable that during his sojourn in Russiso Turkestan ha saw enough of his hosts to form n° very high opinion of them. At all events, after he became the British nominee for the throne of his/native country, and was duly subsidised, be remained as loyal to the British Government as is possible for an Oriental potentate to become. Although trouble arose over the fighting with the hill tribes of Northern Indi: to whom the AMBER was suspected o' rendering secret sssistance, there it nothing to show bad faith on the part of ABDUL. fact seems to be, as he earnestly explained, tbo the inhabitants of these highland regions never have been subdued, and never will under the Pre- sent order of things. It is indeed the prevalence of this ungovernable disposition on the part of the numerous tribes of the buffer State that makes the transition of power from one ruler to another a matter of so much risk. The intractable dispel' tion of the tribesman is ever ready to shew it in fresh outbreaks when an opportunity ocean!' When the situation is further complicated by the existence of five different claimants to the throne out of the sixteen sons of the late AmEna, tbe prospect is full of the promise of trouble. FOr- tunately, ABDUL showed his sagacity in nominsfr ing as his successor his eldest son, Hantatrao KHAN, whom he trained in affairs cf.. State in anticipation of the duties by should have to fulfil. For the last five year: HABIBULLAH has been entrusted with tll . internal government of the country, which b' has conducted with great intelligence and suc" cess. He has therefore a threefold claim to tbe suffrages of the people—that of hereditary des' cent, nomination, and experience in the ma: advanced duties of government. He will appcoact more in character and disposition to the idaal 5 a civilised PRINCE than any of his predecese°r4 have done. Whether he will combine with sue good qualities as he undoubtedly possesses the necessary firmness to put down faction -

itsol

A. SPECIAL interest Mr Herbert Gladstone attaches to anything and Liberal Prospects. MR HERBERT GLAD. STONE may say on the question of the political situation, because, as the Whip of the Liberal party, he may be held to possess the confidence of the party with which he is so closely associated. He presents a new claim, indeed, to the earnest consideration by Liberals of his utterances on questions of party prospects and policy when he tells us, as he did at Leeds, that he does not in- tend to make his approaching marriage an excuse for throwing up his arduous, and often thankless office of party whip. There is evidence of hope for the future of the party in this determination to stick to it in its darkest hour of adversity. There is more. Mn GLADSTONE shows that he is in love with his work, and has enough of his father's spirit and determination to be anxious to see the party through its difficulties. With the eye that has a long vision, and a broad view, he sees that periods of war are essentially inimical to Liberal unity and effectiveness in politics. That is so in the very nature of things, and he sees no reason to ridicule his party, or any section of it, because it cannot achieve the impossible. War has in it that which absorbs the attention and in- terest of the people to the exclusion of matters affecting them more nearly, and while it lasts domestic concerns are allowed to stand aside. In such a state of events Toryism naturally flourishes and Liberalism becomes the drag on the coach. But while as a party Liberals can do little or noth- ing. they can at least . wait—and wait in the patient hope that their time will come. In this attitude Mr. GLADSTONE finds ample ground for hope that in the not distant future Liberalism will again come to the front as the popular influence in the country. Already, he says, the country wants an alternative Government; but the war must be over first. This throws light on his former statement, which was much criticised at the time, that a Liberal Government at present is impossible. The present Government must end tho muddle they have begun. Mr GLADSTONE is shrewd enough to see, what Unionists are now beginning to fear, that however the war is ended there will not be much credit accruing to the Government in the transaction. By the time it is really over the country will have quite made up its mind for a change of Government. Mr qLADSTONE'S pro posal is to let it do so. He points out that his position is sound from the facts which he formerly stated, that the present House of Commons has a majority of 233 Unionists and Irish over Liberals, and a majority of 120 Unionists over Liberals and Irisn. Such figures are a sufficient proof that a Liberal Government is not within the range of possibility at present. Not that the party is deficient in talented and capable men, but that the latest expression of opinion given by the country, so lately as a year ago, was decidedly hostile to a Liberal regime. A. Liberal Government could not exist a fortnight Some day, perhaps, when there are without a strong expression of favour- lawyers in the House of Commons, some s,tritbe able opinion in the constituencies; but to appeal movement will be made for a codification 000 to the country is still premature. What has to be ActstofParlialm. ent affecting our judicatuor%ch f! liiraacogiesi,ne,orso alcuitoorrasnwotuhlody ngot nobojtecc,tot t :0%4 done is for the present Government to end or mend the confusion which they have brought upon their income out of the courts. but from a varo.,iia the country. They must choose their own of other works. The barristers, however, methods and take the consequences. When that 01 coo, have to regret if the mazy patl? ,i,ustr• tentious precodents were cleared of their 0' the has been done, or the Government have utterly wood, Sir Henry Fowler, in his address tn° 509 failed to do it, then the Liberal opportunity will Incorporated Law Society, stated that over 1 +have arrived; and there can be no doubt that if Acts of Parliament were passed in tne ninet°s DIP° the calm, dispassionate view taken and urged bY lsO. ° century. Some oe them have been repsban Mr. HERBERT GLADSTONE is adopted by the other have been consolidated • but the dead 0„.. still Co, of jurists of remote centuries leaders of the party there will not be lacking suffic- trols decision to some extents an,d_sioir• tent wisdom and energy to make the most of the vocacy does very well out of the opportunity. What is to be avoided in the mean- There is one argument, however, members o ers f time is the frittering away of energy in party tpprealltfoutieheexsiesltfi-nintelarest woftehroe orn dified it weud rete squabbles, causing only bad feeling which will still necessary thgat they or y should be iuterp cime igpo rankle long after the circumstances calling it forth Most of the so-called definitions would need b'

P°i° 10

sedition is not quite so certain, and on this I, will probably tarn the question of his success as: ruler. If he is able to gain and keep the allegy ance of the Sirdars of his kingdom, or even a CO siderable majority of them, all may be well. 0-1° father has left him a well-organised and equipped army, and should he be able to effectually against his rivals the interference u` either Russia or Great Britain will be rendered fill ' unnecessary, as it is undesirable. Should occasi be given for the interference of either Power,theifti will be a crop of troubles ahead of which it difficult to see the issue.

0 Some of the new municipalities of London afa experiencing a difficulty in finding gentlernea.,,l., fill the civic chairs. The prime necessity appe' to be the means and the inclination to entertaie; Neither political party hesitates to go outside 0 constituency to secure a Parliamentary candidii - 1 with,wealth, who shall help the athletic clubs,el2ll; 1 port the smoking concerts head the charitse subscription lists, and, in /act, do almost eve, ' thing except manifest political ability. In seT boroughs, and not a few county divisions, the edge is the first consideration. The L3e" municipalities , which are just now embarras6o ' might follow this example, and choose for t 0 Mayoralty an outsider, or someone with onlY, 4 slight connection with the boroughs. One is 000 to notice, however' that they hesitate to folloWfot bad a precedent. There seems some prospectre the poor but capable being given a turn at the Pio sidency. It is, of course, within the scope of tei Town Councils to allow a certain amount of Ine9 0 for entertaining, and that should be done 05,40 permanency wherever there is a dearth of deslror prosperous men. After all, the Town Councii,`,,,d who is prepared to give good services and notfes else should be encouraged, and it should be 1014 possible for him to arrange one social gatherlo 1 during the year. Such events soften bitter° no and jealousies. It would be absurd if any attet, I were made to depreciate the value of Pet' to spirited services rendered by eminent raelit ia municipalities. Everyone must be glad the.cd recent years peers with travelled experience ~,,"to capacity as administrators have been willictioj take a turn at this sort of work. It is very fibe of them, and they must find it rather tedious. ao heads of big commercial undertakings, such a for example, as Sir John Aird, who has Mayor of Paddington, must find his patience t-01 by desultory debates. Both classes deserve "ay, of the community for giving up time in this svdr. But, on the other hand, there should be a j'are ness to appreciate local ability without anY 11" cial adornment. -lwer

===== 0002601_19011011_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-..00111

===== 0002601_19011011_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
further defined need to be done legislation had be productive a however, would that of the ne meat their griev superfluous you grate to South Part as content the field, there i when the new tesides, the rac gation out ther

Last Friday's of the America It will remain w century—in cha been fairly beat after winning ti character the (

seems probable yachts has re. perfection for

inaprove on

Clever designer

to the task of bi everywhere wil Lipton, whose I better reward. hope he will try suggest that the The home and a' very well in foi yacht racing ?

A handsome generous treatm has been made b, Volunteer Sery Regiment. It c the base of a inscribed and presented to last week. Suc

the good feeling authorities is vei to the credit of t dition to being ;

4

capable not on reciprocating in

===== 0002601_19011011_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTE

Irrespective o have appeared t

AP

Lions if one care althoug I Pessimist people are taking an U certain facts, 8111 round. Of cour an intelligent ankle and its te the beginning. turns, not only f longer period, e of an approachin begin preparing companies for go another sure ind dence be require, relating to the country now wa War over and _there are notl log that the chec of rrade report Perhaps, but nee

I

I

A decided flu on the subject o this week of Lords' Committ The matter ha higher plane by formerly occupi: is now advocate Men as chat of recommended° Authorities be orders, making closing of shops "rY " for the at that these provi 'lament in the ul force of law. TI each community hands, to the ex election times o or otherwise in I Showed no dispc

vested method o For it is very Ix( town Tin the prc Materially diff Some have alrea direction, while

Figures publ Upon the Tnird sad reading for the country, scr grain of consola 1/1 glancing over the men who w enabled to rejoi

As with moto Cyclists, among born are foun bigoted, oppon Improbable the, by any of what 'these new fa Looked upon fr appears to hay: whom the peo the one band Oa corps at Alders. i with training t t age cyclist tro on the other ha report, that ," I worst and most eoldiers that he of the inter General Doug is that the existence as a

roads are goo almost to go ou the disquieting General Buller' of these criticis Machine thoro tam n the full

mb-e-ra of a p

to a—drastically bnW. the public until sorcethia

meanwhile tho nut the provin Will be anxious to be.

,Ifention of Out of the way edly funny att: 'was returned Monday last, Member has de I!? South Afric Ikitchener con that Mr Ctiam Milner regrett: even more stro ,'war goes on, w oave gone cal.. to Newmarke their motor- ea though who etnergency." there been so ten of affairs Leßarded as b owles," as ztouse, is the o

Advocates c Pointed the fin and described 0f the •. in paw age Petty quibt legal.o technical t holding t V... bleb give for systett -.uch how the

lii..-

,ly 10 rty, time°

b the &31E0 is cOn- to the

I

further defined by the Appeal Courts. It would need to be done only once, until a fresh growth of legislation had obscured the points ; but it would be productive and profitable. Such contention, however, would be in everybody's interest, except that of the new generation of lawyers; and to meet their grievance it is only necessary to warn superfluous young men with legal minds to emi- grate to South Africa. If the Boers are one-tenth Part as contentious in ordinary life as they are in the field, there is a fine prospect for barristers When the new burghers have learnt our ways. Besides, the racial differences will add to the liti- gation out there.

Last Friday's yacht race decided the whereabouts cf the America Cup for another twelve months. It will remain where it has been for the last half century—in charge of Uncle Jonathan. We have been fairly beaten, and must candidly admit that after winning three races in weather of varied Character the Columbia is the better boat. It seems probable that the construction of racing Yachts has reached the very highest point of perfection for Mr. Herreshoff was unable to improve on Columbia and Mr. Watson, the clever designer of Shamrock 11, proved unequal to the task of building a boat as good. Britishers everywhere will sympathise with Sir Thomas Lipton, whose plucky sportmanshih deserved a better reward. If he challenges again, and we hope he will try a third time Sir Thomas might suggest that the race be sailed in English waters. The home and away system of engagements works very well in football and why should it not in yacht racing ?

A handsome and fitting recognition of the generous treatment meted out to them at home has been made by the Warrington members of the Volunteer Service Company South Lancashire Regiment. It consists of a loving-cup made upon the base of a 1:21b naval shell appropriately inscribed and designed in silver, which was presented to the Mayor and Corporation last week. Such a testimony as this to the good feeling between the civil and military authorities is very gratifying, and redounds greatly to the credit of the Service Volunteers, who in ad- dition to being gallant soldiers are evidently men capable not only oi appreciating kindness but reciprocating in a generous manner.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
sTogr, r their tight

===== 0002601_19011011_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

I, the ; never e por -alone°

of the makes nother isposr itself Dectite' by the broil° at, 06

1

I

000 z suet, es the i 06 poi,D:

;$ as a cell' well.. use ice red 9.4 2asiosi ~there I it i 5

fecve!. trook' tbo The UCJ ,st Itiog xOO- f col3^. TOO' nib ea- Bowe hal33 coo" 9(l' 0101° )f vow,' rne bo

A Provincial Letter Irrespective of the Board of Trade returns,which have appeared this week, there are many indica- tions if one cared to collate them that trade is de- clining, although one ventures to think that the Pessimist people who are so anxious to forewarn us are taking an unnecessarily exaggerated view of certain facts, and are neglecting to loak at trade all round. Of course, these experts may be evincing en intelligent anticipation of events. Trade is fickle and its tendencies are not always detected at the beginning. Looking at the Board of Trade re- turns, not only for the last quarter but for a much longer period, evidences will undoubtedly ba found of an approaching decline, and it may be as well to begin preparing for it. the receipts of the railway companies for goods traffic have to be looked at as another sure indication ; and, if any further evi- dence be required. the readeris referred to statistics relating to the coal trade. But what the whole country now wants, and wants badly, is to get the war over and its object completed. Meanwhile, there are not lackiogl certain reasons for believ- ing that the check upon trade shown in the Board of frade report is but temporary. They are slender, Perhaps, but need not be forgotten or overlooked. --- A decided fillip has been given to the discussion on the subject of Shop Hours by the publication this week of the full text of 'the report of the Lords' Committee on the Early Closing of shops. The matter has been placed upon a somewhat higher plane by this Committee than that which it formerly occupied, so that the curtailment of hours is now advocated as much in the interest of trades- men as chat of their assistants. The practical recommendation is that Town Councils and Urban Authorities be authorised to pass provisional orders, making such regulations in regard to the Closing of shops as may seem to them to be neces- sary for the areas under their jurisdiction," and :AFen these provisional orders be submitted to Par- liament in the usual manner before acquiring the icrce oi law. The advantage here would be that each community will have the matter in its own hands, to the extent of being in the position at election times of determining what is good for it or otherwise in this respect, so long as Parliament Showed no disposition to interfere with their sug- Rested method of " home rule,' or rather shop rule. For it is very well known that the needs of certain town Tin the provinces, as regards shop hours, are Materially different from those of other towns. 80me have already made great advances in this direction, while others have not advanced a step.

Figures published on the eve of our entering upon the Ttard Year of the South African war are sad reading for the beads of families scattered over the country, while in one respect there is just a grain of consolation. For it is wonderful to notice. in glancing over the list, the large proportion of the men who were wounded and have since been enabled to rejoin their regiments.

As with motors and motorists, so with cycles and cyclists, among those who were not "to the manner born are found many sturdy, and perhaps a few bigoted, opponents. It is in the highest degree improbable that the horse will ever be superseded by any of what enemies may choose to describe as " these new fangled " methods of locomotion. ' Looked upon from a military standpoint, the cycle appears co have both friends and foes in those to whom the people look up as experts. While on the one hand General Douglas,who made the cyclist corps at Aldershot his particular study,thinks that ' with training it is possible to employ, with advan- tage cyclist troops in large bodies in this country, on the other hand General Buller said in his recent report, that ," be looked upon the cycle as the worst and most cumbrous means of transport for soldiers that he had ever seen." The extent, too, of the interpretation to be placed upon General Douglas's report, now icsued, Probably iS that the cyclist can only justify his existence as a military unit in a country wehre the roads are good. Indeed, General Douglas seems almost to go out of his way occasionally to confirm the disquieting impression left on the mind by General Boiler's previous strictures ; and the affect Of these criticisms will probably be to put the Machine thoroughly on its trial, in order to ascer- tain the full extent of its capabilities after the Members of a particular corps have been subjected to a drastically revised system of training. Any- bc'w. the public will scarcely feel satisfied now Until something of the kind has been done, and Meanwhile those companies of volunteers throutzh- cut the provinces with cycle corps attached thereto, Will be anxious to know what the result of it all is tube

----- Mention of motors and cycles tempts one a little oUt of the way to notice Mr Gibson Bowles's decid- edly funny attack upon the Government, which he 'Was returned to support, in the " Times" of Monday last, anent what another Conservative ember has described as the" drifting" of the war In South Africa. His serious paint is that Lord liitchener could have made peace last March, but that Mr Chamberlain ordered changes whiph Lord Milner regretted, and to which Lord Eitchener was even more strongly opposed; and so, he -says, the , 'War goes on, while as for the Cabinet, "its members have gone calmly away to Beaulieu, to Scotland, to Newmarket, taking their leisure, their golf, their motor-cars, and their horse racing • tia though wholly indifferent to a perilous national emergency." Probably at no period of the war has there been so much conflict of opinion on the posi- lott of affairs as there is now, but if it can be regarded as having a serio-comic side "Tommy Coe I, , wies, as he is familiarly designated in the "QOllSe, is the one to afford it.

Advocates of registration reform have long Pointed the finger of scorn at our Revision Courts, aad described them as the happy hunting ground Of the paid agentiand the arena in which to indulge In Petty quibbles and wrangle over all kinds of technicalities. Ev9ry year, when the time forholding the Courts comes round, cases arise Which give force and point to the paradox that the :resent system has the effect of deciding not so '4llCh how the voter's name may be placed on the

register as how it may, "by hook or by crook," be kept off. When dissatisfied critics are backed by I revising barristers themselves the hope is, of course, strengthened that soon the question will be asked in: all seriousness if the courts should ' not be swept completely away, , and something more rational be substituted for them. At one of the courts the other day the revising barrister I spoke of certain claims to be placed on I the register as " preposterous," and yet admitted that by the law he was obliged to allow them. Commenting on another point, the strictly legal 1 way of presenting objectiors, he cited one or two illustrations of the working of the statute, which he said he thought would justify the use of the I same word.

Lodgers for some years occupied most of the time of the revising barrister in some of our Re- vision Courts, but Mr Garland's raid upon them in the Torquay Court.and he is the learned gentleman already Ereferred to —is perhaps the simplest and most effective in its way, whatever its effect in other respects equally important may be. For he laid it down at the outset that one room in a £lO house cannot be worth more than all the rest of the building, and consequently, unless there were special circumstanCes,he would not allow the claim in respect of houses of less than £l6 ratable value. A surprising large number of applications were made in which husbands claimed to be the tenants of their wives, and some even produced rentbooks showing that they had paid their wives as such. Those who did so had their claims allowed, but several other cases are expected to be further argued in the Court of King's Bench !

I '4l

===== 0002601_19011011_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A COBRESPONDENT.I On Tuesday the Rural Council had a very ob- noxious pill to swallow in the shape of a sharp, curt note from Dr. Penny stating that he had nothing further to add to his report and that prompt payment would oblige. The note and account of sixty-five guineas produced some small amount of merriment among the worthy Councillors when read by the clerk, but it is a significant fact that no one remarked at Dr Penny's refusal to make a report on Dr Adams's criticism. The Council have made a bad bargain, which has cost them dear, and it is a case of "least said soonest mended."

Mr Naylor is determined to give no rest to the , Council until they do " something " respecting the Thelwall nuisance. Reports will not mollify him and like the woman and the unjust judge he is evi- dently hoping that by his continual writing be will weary them. For the space of a month he has thoughtfully issued to Mr Ashton, the Clerk, daily bulletins respecting the state of the nuisance. Under this paper pressure two or three of the mem- bers have been goaded into a feeling of mind and body perilously akin to the man who felt to re- lieve himself, that he " bad to do something; it I didn't matter what, so long as it was something." Mr Naylor will probably find out before long that the matter is now engaging the attention of the Local Government Board and it will be for them to inquire into the origin of the nuisance. Their repu- tation for promptness and despatch is so well known that he may rest assured the matter is in safe bands and will receive attention probably within the next decade:

One of the members laid down a principle re nuisances which would,if carried out,be vicious in practice as well as being illogical, and opposed to all the canons of argument. Recurring nuisances, he said, " could not have the constant attention of the Council." If a recurring nuisance is the very reason why it should not have constant attention, then, by a similar piece of reasoning, a nuisance which occurs but once should have the Council's constant attention. The sentiment is not only absurd but unworthy of any public man. The more frequently the necessity arises for the Coun- cil to act, the oftener it ought to act, and not by a specious fallacy convince itself. that as a difficulty has been confronted once,and its negotiation failed, it should never try again. The tenet is obviously wrong in theory, and is radically wrong in practice.

It is now almost certain that there will be a School Buard election. The supporters of the Board schools cannot see for one moment why man- agers of voluntary sehools should have the con- trolling voice in the administration of its most powerful rival—the Board school. At present, practically, both classes of schools—rural estab- lishments though they be—are run by the same coterie, which many contend is not only unbusi- ness-like but absolutely unfair. This is one of the points at issue and it is C point that deserves the careful consideration of the electorate. The vol. untarists, on the other hand contend that as they pay rates they have a right to representation. Thus the question lies and the probability is, that the ratepayers will have to answer it at the polling booth. Both parties appear to be quietly muster- ing their forces for the coming struggle, and before bleak December arrives Runcorn should have passed through the throes of an interesting and exciting struggle.

The keynote of what should prove to be a most interesting and instructive discussion was struck at the last meeting ef the School Board on Thurs- day evening. It will be remembered that some time ago Mr Imison asserted that as the precept on the overseers was less than the corresponding amount last year there was ground for congratula- tion. This statement Mr Norman challenges and asks if £1,709, the precept for one year, produces a rate of 4i in the how can .£2,100, the precept for a following year, still produce a4O rate. This , is the main question at issue but there is every reason to believe that the whole ground of the Board's work will be traversed in the coming discussion. Thus there will be much food for reflection when the Board dissolves. Messrs Norman and Imison are such Rupe.rts of debate, and both gentlemen being anxious to arrive at a common understanding, the ratepayers are sure to have their darkness lighten- ed The die•mssion will take place in the first week of November, and ought to be eagerly followed by educationalists.

Runcorn covered themselves with glory on Satur- day in their initial engagement with Hunslet. To a certain extent the visitors were considerably handicapped owing to the loss of their baggage which went astray on the journey to this benighted locality. Still the excuse of" new boots, jerseys, and pants "—which had to be obtained locally— can hardly explain away the severe castigation which the" Myrtles" inflicted on their opponents. The result was an eye-opener for the Yorkshire contingent and they will not forget in a hurry their visit to Cheshire. The game, as a whole, was a very fine one and the early stages seemed to in- dicate that whoever won would do so by a small margin only. The visitors were lucky in winning the toss but even with this advantage they failed to make any impression in the first half. At the change of ends there was only one club in it and it was not liunslet.

The only wonder is that the defeat was not more Crushing. Had Runcorn made the most of their opportunities the score would have been a record for it was patent to everyone that in the last half hour of tbe game the visitors were completely de- moralized. Their forward play was not equal to the Cheshire Champions and in the other depart- ments they were not at all well balanced. Their combination was egregiously at fault and but for Goldthorpe,who played a dashing uphill game,their humiliation would have been complete. Houghton for the winning side, came out strong and put in one or two useful runs one of which was instrumental in effecting a • score. The • übiquitous Jolley was also well to the front and did not spoil his play with overdoses of kicking and marking. With Butterworth,however rest the honours of the day. Not only waft his play neat but it was also effective. His running to earth of the visiting beck which relulted in a score was a fine piece of play as the spectators were not slow to acknowledge. Wilkinson too played a good game his defensive powers showing up very well. The forwards played a splendid game and there was a capital understanding between the whole of the team.

To-day (Saturday) Runcorn play Oldham away. If the day is fine and the form of both clubs good, it should be a great game. Runcorn are sure to make a bold bid for the lead and ought to manage It. There is not much to choose between the teams and, given a small bit of luck, Runcorn will win though on an opponent's ground.

The following team will represent Runcorn on Saturday against Oldham :—S Houghton, back; S Wilkinson, T Warder, J Butterworth and J noran ,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CONFIRMATION OF THE RUNCORN Poon RATE. At the Runcorn Police Claurt on Friday a poor rate of Is 3d in the was confirmed for the town- ship of Runcorn which, is estimated to realize £3,472 13s. CONCERT AT WESTON CHURCH.

On Monday atternoon, in connection with the Weston Church, a concert was held in aid of the baud fund. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the meeting proved a thorough suc- cess. The Rev W II Stables presided, and songs were given by Mr F R Boraston and others. A POLICE APPOINTMENT.

e Superintendent William Leah, headquarters, Chester, has been appointed deputy chiet con- stable from the 30. sh September 1001 subject to the approval of the Standing Joint Committee, Vice. Lieutenant Cope, deceasea.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RATES FOR HOCKSIVAGE.

At the Run—c—or-D—Petty Sessions, before Messrs G L Davies and R H Posuett, on toe application ot Mr Rowlands, assistant overseer, a rate of Is in the .2, estimated to realize £173 4s Bd, was confirmed for the township of Clifton. Mr Rowlands stated it was 2d in the lees than last half-year.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BODY FOUND IN THE RIVER AT WIDNES.

The body of a man was found in the river on Tuesday, on the Hale shore, embedded in sand, and was brought out with the greatest difficulty by the Ditton and Halebank police. It appears to be that of a man of about fifty years of age, no moustache or beard, apparently brown hair, about sft Gin in height, brown worsted jacket and vest, corduroy breeches, tied at the knee in the navvy fashion. Sr. EDWARD'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, RUNCORN. The Patronal Festival in connection with this church will be obeerved on Sunday next. The Very Rev Father Mark, Cl?., rector of St. Anne's Re- treat, Satton,St. Helens, will preach, and the Run- corn Orchestral Society will render assistance in the special music to be used on the occasion. See advt.

ALABINI OF FIRE AT RUNCORN. On Wednesday morning the inhabitants of Run- corn were alarmed by what appeared to be the loud blowing of the fire buzzer. It was rumoured that there was a large fire at Weston Salt Works but in- quiries elicited the fact that the peculiar blowing was caused by a vessel passing up the Ship Canal. Several firemen were deceived by the noise and turned out only to find there was " nothing in the wind."

===== 0002601_19011011_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A CHILD.

At 5.30 on fi;d-n-e;1;37-a-fte-rn-o-O-n—a—little boy and girl were observed by P C. Edwards clinging to the rear of a lurry belonging to William Baker, "Grapes Inn," Halton-road. By some means or other the boy became entangled in the wheel. The constable at once went to his assistance, and together with Dr Robinson, who happened to be passing, removed the boy to his home, where it was found that no bones had been broken, but his ankle had been badly bruised. His name was Arthur Wilding, son of Joseph Wilding, 87, Halton- road.

BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. The above class held its usual weekly meeting on Wednesday under the presidency of Mr Simister. There was not a very large attendanc6. Speeches were given on different topics by the members, the most interesting being one en the vexed subject, "Is marriage a failure?" by Mr W Millington. He handled the subject in a,very humorous manner, and conclmjed by asserting that it was what the contracting parties liked to make it. Other speakers followed on different topics, including Messrs Cox W A Lightfoot, Faulkner, J Percival and Newhall SUDDEN HEATH OF A FARM LABOURER AT HALTON.

At the Marsh Farm Halton on Tuesday afternoon IMr R Dobson, coroner, held an inquest touching 1 the death of a farm labourer named John Finch, who died suddenly on Monday at noon. The evi- dence showed that the man was taken ill on Sun- ay when he went to the stables of a local butcher, who finding him ill gave him some stimulants. He stayed at the stables until Monday morning but being no better he was re- moved to his brother's house, Mersey Farm, where he died. Dr Carruthers stated that he hart made a post-mortem examination and death was due to fatty I degeneration of the heart. A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned:

===== 0002601_19011011_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
A COSTLY THEFT.

On Friday at the Runcorn Police Court before Messrs E Inaison and R H Posnett, Patrick Whelan was charged with stealing sixpence belonging to Henry Robinson Hall, Prospect Inn, Weston. Annie Harrison, barmaid, said that on Thursday morning at about 7 o'clock prisoner clime and asked for a • drink. As he said he had no Money,witness refused to serve him. A few minutes afterwards when she was upstairs witness heard the money in the drawer being jingled, On entering the bar she saw prisoner leaning over the counter with his baud in the till. ' When questioned by witness as to what he was doing he told her to" mind what she was saying." Witness acquainted her empl.,yer, who was asleep at the time,—Sergeant Gregory proved appre- hending the prisoner who admitted the theft after much equivocation,—Prisoner was sent to gaol for six weeks with hard labour. RECEPTION OF THE NEW METHODIST MINISTER, A public reception was given on Monday evening to the Rev Walter Gay,tlie newly-appointed pastor of the United Methodist Free Church. Ellesmere- street, Runcorn. A tea meeting was held in the schoolroom at which there was a good attendance. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mes- dames Parry, Nield, Turnbull, E Gandy, Scragg, Stubbs, Misses IL Moore, Clare and M Clarke. A public meeting was subsequently held in the chapel under the presidency of Mr James Scragg. Those on the platform included :—The Revs A Wells, W Gay and W A Eyre, Messrs T Reynolds, E Jones, Fowlds and others. Speschos were also deliyerad by the chairman, Mr E Jones, Mr Reynolds,the Rev W A Eyre, Primitive Methodist Minister, Rev A Wells, Superintendent Wesleyan Minister and Messrs Parry and Fowlds. The Rev W Gay suit- ably responded and votes of thanks concluded the meeting. RI7NCORN ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. Runcorn is distinctly not the home of the cult musical, or otherwise. The Madrigal Tonic Solfa choir, Musical Society and Philhar- monic have each come into existence within the last quarter of a century, had their successes and their failures and died of an inanition one after the other. st is theretore, cause for satisfaction that the town has one musical organisation left full of 1 vigorous and healthy life. This is the Orchestral Society, which by its performances time and again has given delight to thousands of people. The mem- bers opened their winter campaign on Wednesday evening by a concert in Bethesda schoolroom and were encouraged by an audience whi&o filled every available corner. The programme wass composed of items of the" lighter vein," and was enjoyed to the utmost if outward demonstration of the audit- ors may be accepted. The hand opened with Rossini's " fancredi," and also executed waltz, " Estudiantina," Waldtenfel ; American sketch. " Down South," Kappey; selection from "Patience," Sullivan ; polka, " The Clowns," Allier ; and the march, " Coon Drum DI ajor," Stuart. Guided by the baton of Mr Horace W Handley, conductor, to the Society, the instrumentation was of the most finished character, and deserving of the unstinted praise bestowed. Mr George Collins was encored for the clarionet solo " Consin' thro' the rye," rendered in clever style. Vocal harmony was contributed by Mr W Hopwood, whose cultured voice was heard to great advantage in the songs "Oh, oh, hear the wild winds blow," and" Shade of the palm," a recall rewarding each effort. Mr J S Pierce well sustained his reputation as a humorist, and each of his items was encored. ' Altogether the concert was most successful.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY OCTOBER 11 1901. BRIDGE STREET IMPROVEMENT;

THE LATE MR, J. WALKER' At the close of his sermon on Sunday morning last, the Rev H Morrison, preaching at St Paul's,re- ferred to the death of Mr J Walker.ile expressed,his high esteem of this promising young local preacher He emphasised as his leading characteristics his deep moral sincerity, his hearty devotion to his work, and his strong vigorous intellectual ability. He said the Church had sustained a great loss, and expressed the hope that some young men might hear the call of God and devote themselves to Christian service. He assured ttie family and relatives of the sympathy of the Church. THE RUNCORN CIRCUIT OF THE CENTENARY

FUND. The statement of the local fund published in the" Methodist Magazine 'shows that the Runcorn circuit promised in the first instance 1,000 guineas. In view of the fact that the promises exceeded this amount by 330 guineas, also that an extended time for payment was granted, the circuit undertaking was increased by a quarterly meeting to 1,600 guineas, and to discharge this obligation the Committee now require OS guineas. Remitted to London 1267 guineas; in bank to re- mit, 60; outstanding promises 175, total, 1502; balance required 98. It is to be hoped the circuit will succeed in their laudable enterprise so that the town may not be one whit behind other centres.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held on Thursday last week. Present. Messrs E Imison J.P.C.C. (in the chair), F J Norman S Taylor, W Handley, J Littler, J W Cunningham, Rev J Chambers, J W Light- burn (clerk), and A Ligotburn (deputy clerk).

„ THE SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. The above Committee recommended that accounts amounting to £263 14. s 61 be passed for payment ; that the payments to Mr J F Moulton and Miss A MlKilourn, in lieu of the percentage of Government grant for specific subjects, be deferred for consideration at a meeting of a commitee to be convened by the Clerk; that Freda Branch be admitted a probationer at the Granville-street school, and Ethel Collinge at the Mill Brow school, both without salary until they become pupil teachers. Passed on the proposition of the Chairman and Mr Taylor. THE RATING QUESTION. After a little consultation it was decided that the matter should be considered at the next meeting of the Board November 7th. _

Mr Norman then.enunciated the points at issue. He said that at the meeting in question Mr Liaison was re— ported to have stated that as the call on the overseers was £5O less than last year there was ground for con- gratulation that the expenditure had decreased. His (the speaker's) contention was that there was no ground at all for that and in the irregular discussion which followed Mr Imison pointed out that what he either said or intended to say was that the precept was less than the last precept only for the previous six months. The other point was this. He (Mr Norman) produced at that meeting an official balance sheer of the Board for the year 1897, the laat year of Mr Pritchard's chairmanship. From that report it appeared that £1,700 was drawn from the rates which it was stated at the ensuing election represented qi on the poor rate. For the current year the precepr exceeded £2,000 w hich Mr Imison then stated meant 41 in the £. Be (the speaker) asked Messrs Taylor and Ellison how that could be se3ing that the rateable value of the town, remained practically tbe same. The chairman asked that each member be furnished with a copy of the enumerated points. The Clerk asked the chairman and Mr Norman what facts they would like him to prepare for them. Mr Norman said he did not require any. When he spoke at that meeting he quoted from the official balance sheet which he would again bring forward. The Chairman said he wished it to be understood that the discussion must nor be confined to one year. The three years must come under review. He asked Mr Lightburn to submit to the Board the three balance sheets prior to that and the three balance sheets subsequent. It should not be a limited inquiry and they should go in the matter thoroughly to avoid confusion, and arrive at an understanding agreeable to everybody. Conflicting statements of facts did not add to their dignity. Mr Norman said he was not satisfied. It was wander- ing over a number of years. He (Mr Norman) wished to deal with specific statements made by the Chairman. The Rev J Chambers said it appeared as though both were willing to thrash out the points in question' and to go farther as the necessity of tne case demanded. The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURN OF A RUNCORN RESERV!ST

We are getting accustomed now with the familiarity which breeds contempt to the return of the brave soldier lads who have done so much for the last two years in upholding the ancient prowess of Great Britain. When a local lad returns from the South African veldt we do not honour and fete him as much as we might do but we nevertheless feel proud that Runcorn has had the distinguished privilege of rearing him even though we do not go to the trouble of telling him so. It is not generally known that Private Antrobus belonging to the 5,b South Lancashire Mounted Infantry arrived in Run- corn after eighteen months hard fighting in South Africa on Sunday last. His neighbours, however, learned of his home-coming and gave him a right royal welcome in their own humble way. It is interesting to know I that Private Antrobus joined his Company—a Mounted Infantry one—in December 1899 when the reservists were called up. His company on arriving in South Africa were attached to a force under General Wynn which took an active part in the memorable struggle at SpionlKop. Shortly after journeying to Vaal Kranty they engaged the enemy for three days. Three weeks, rest at Chievely found the Company fit for the never to be forgotten struggle at Colenzo where the Company distinguished themselves by taking a foremost Part in the capture of Hussar Hill. The Tugela being , then negotiated they journeyed as far as Groblers Kloof but, as every one knows, the Tugela had, shortly after to be recrossed. Private Antrobus also took an active part in the conflicts round Pieters Hill and Double Warner. He had also the distinguished honour of participating in the glorious march to Ladysmith and ,has a vivid recollection of the saddening yet stirring sights;enacted subsequent to the relief of the beleaguered town. Since that historical event the company has been engaged in Dakota Land and checking the inroads of the Boers into Zululand. Private Antrobus looks well and hearty and seems none the worse for his stirring adventures. He has had many thrilling escapes but is I naturally reluctant in speaking about them.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION PROSPECTS.

It is now almost certain that there will be a School Board Election in November. Rumour has it that both sides are working quietly but strenuously. The Voluntary party have been silently organising for some 4 time and the ' Progressives have already commenced to work in earnest. The contest has every appearance of being an exceptionally stiff one and will doubtless tend Ito the educational betterment of the electorate. The supporters of the Board Schools intend, it is believed, to run five candidates,and it is also stated on good authority that the Voluntarists also intend to run five gentlemen irrespective of the Catholic representative. This, if correct, will give an addi- tional interest to the struggle. The, names of several prominent local gentlemen are mentioned as likely candidates as wall as the present members of the Board. 8o far, however, nothing can be stated with certainty as to who is likely to step forward for local honours on either side. Doubtless before a week has elapsed a definite pronouncement will be made by both sides as to who the candidates are and for whom the taxpayer must record his vote. The education question is the greatest problem which the British nation has to face and it there-

fore deserves the earnest consideration of that class who can be truly said to guide the trend of public opinion and who thus help to mould the destiny of the Empire. It is something more than a mere local question for the subject assumes national im- portance and the electorate will do well to ponder , the question in all its bearings before committing itself to any decided course of action.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS!

CRISP,AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Arbitration Proceedings.

The Increasing Value of Central

Property.

At the Town Hall, Wharington on Mondaymbitration proceedings were commenced with reference to a claim for £19,000 by Mr. Thomas Hewitt, of Southport against the Corporation for premises in Bridge-street which are required to continue the widening of Bridge— street. The premises in question are new occupied by Messrs Hodgkinson, Limited, and Messrs Johnson Bros:, dyers in Bridge-street and there are also buildings at the back including the Eagle and Child Hotel and the stables &c. adjoining. Mr John White was the arbitrator for the claimant and Mr William Wilson for the Cor- poration. Colonel: Bridgford, of Manchester sit as umpire. Mr EEI Lloyd, of Chester (instructed by MEssrs Robert Davies and Company) stated the case for the claimant and Mr E &Mon and Mt T F Byrne (instructed by the Town Clerk) were the counsel for the Corporation. Among others present were Alderman Fairclough, Alderman Sutton, Councillors Bennett and Smethurst, Mr S Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr J Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr W H Woodcock (assistant overseer), Mr T Longcl;n (borough sur- veyo:), Mrs Hewitt, Mr Hewitt. ' jun. and Messrs Spencer Wallhead, H Hatton, 11 J Westbrook, 9 Chandley, A Sutton, J Mainwaring, Seeker, Sewards, W Skelton, C D Parkinspn, H Wainwright, T Silk, Wilson, J L Tuostall, and Sidney Wellhead. Mr Lloyd said toe arbitration was taken under the _ _ OPENING OF THE CLAIMAMT'S CASE. _

Lands Clauses Act, which was incorporated in the Warrington Corporation Act, 1899, section three. Section 41 of the same Act empowered the Corporation to acquire property for the widening of Bridge-street from Rylands:street to Market-gate on the west side, and from Market-gate to Holy Trinity Church on the south side. The property his client (Mr Thomas Hewitt) owned was situated in Bridge-street and con- sisted of a blc:ck of freehold property, three shops numbered 44, 46 and 48, and behind them a fully licensed inn, known as the Eagle and Child, having approaches to it by I Patten-lane,—a footpath from Sankey-street and a private road from Rylands-street. The last named approach was made apparently in recent times by his client's predecessor, and at the top of the yard there was a gate which until quite recently had a board upon it stating that the yaral was private to the hotel. On the right hand side of the gable there was a similar notice which was there at the present time. Immediately on the east elle of the passage or road from Rylands-street there was a narrow strip of property belonging to his client, and in whatever leases he had granted there he had always reserved that piece of land obviously with a view of making a wider and batter approach to the back part of the premises in question. In connection with the ion there was a yard and con- siderable outbuildings. There were some sheds, ware- houses and stables. The w hole property according to their measurement was 2,098 yards. He was told they had not exactly agreed with the other side upon the measurement. Their measurement included up to the centre of Patten-lane. There could be no question that they owned the soil up to that point. Toe other side had not included that. At the same time he must point out that it was not in the notice to treat. Ile was told that that accounted for 58 yards of the 70 yards differ- ence between them. Warrington, Mr Lloyd went on to say, was an important town. It had good residential districts and excellent railway, canal and river facilities Its industries were large, important and varied, and being varied,the town didtot suffer from ups and downs in the same way that a one-iodustried town did. It was a prosperous town, and one had only to look at the history of the Corporation's doings to see that. As a progressive Corporation they were providing for the requirements of the borough, and from their expenditure in recent times it was quite clear that the town was increasing as a very pros. pecans town. The area of the eborough in 1891 was 2,004 acres. In 1901 it was 3,115 acres. In 1891 the population was 55,000- In 1901 is was 64.000. In 1891 the rateable value was £166,500 and in 1891 £238,850, Those figures showed what be had ventured to suggest as to the prosperity of the town. To come to Bridge- street. He was not going to enter upon an acrimonious discussion as to whether Bridge-street or Sankey-Street was the better street for business purposes. He was content to say that they were both excellent. Market gate was the centre of the business town, and whether they were within a reasonable distance of it in Sankey- street or in Bridge-street they had excellent business premises. Bridge-strest bad many advantages whatever Sankey-street had, It was the chief access from the County of Chester to Warrington. It was on tne Ches- hire side of the town and favourable for residential pur- poses. It joined a bridge on which ':hree main roads converged. They were important roads, as was illus- trated by the fact that the Northwich-road had already been widened and the Knutsford-road was being widened, while the Corporation had recently decided to widen the bridge itself. That showed that the requirements of the traffic on two, at any rate, of those roads demanded further accommodation and was getting it, and the bridge also required further accommodation and was getting it. Shortly, the traffic was increasing enormously. Tke traffic over the bridge passed mainly uoßridge-street. Part went towards the London and North-Western Railway Stations, but unquestionably the main part came up to the centre of the town along Bridge-street, and so past his client's premises. The street was also similarly used by the people who came in their carriages from the residential parts, while the 'buses from Latchford and Stockton Heath had their termini close to his client's premises. Again the Cor- poration, seeing the state of things he had described were providing for it by embarking upon a system of electrical trams and, recognizing the best place to begin, were going to have the trams along Bridge-street. The trams would run from Bridge-street along Rylands- street, a very short distance from his client's property. The Light Railway Commissioners had authorised a Light Railway to be constructed from Narthwich to Warrington. That traffic would pass over here— Mr Sutton : When it is made. (Laughter.) Mr Lloyd: If it is not made I will not stop to dis- cuss where it will come. But when it is made it will bring furthur traffic over the Corporation lines. The Corporation had for some considerable time been endeavouring to cope with the very largely increasing traffic of Bridge-street. They bad seen it must be an expensive process and had not pone at it in a wholesale fashion. They commenced in 1873 when they obtained a Provisional Order to acquire land for the 4 purpose of widening the west side of the street from the bridge to Friar's-gate. In 1895 they ontained another Pro- visional Order for the purpose of wider-lag the street to 1-Viands-street. The whole of that widening had been done Ls 1899 they went upon the same policy of providing for the increase:of traffic,and obtained the At under which these proceedings were taking place. This showed that the Corporation had long since recognized, that this was one of the most important thoroughfares in the town and one which it was essential to widen at the earliest possible moment. The premises of his client consisted of three shops hiving a frontage in the street. They were old shops but were exceedingly valuable tor the purposes for which they were used Number 44, the one nearest to Market Gate was leased by his client to Messrs Johnson, Bros., the well-known dyers. The lease was dated 24th August, 1898, and granted a term from 25th December. 1898 to September 29th, 1906. The rent reservedifor the first four years was £llO and for the remainder of the term £l2O, the lessee paying rates and taxes, repairing, painting, Szo. Part of these premises were sub-let to Messrs Hodgkinson, Limited. Nos 46apd 48 were both leased to Messrs Hodokinson LimirEd, under a lease, dated August 22 ad, 1896,and running from September 29,1896 for ten years. The rent of the premises was £205, the lessee paying the rates and taxes, &c. Mr Hodgkinson had been carrying on business for a good many sears and these were unquestionably important and successsful business premien.. Ho held from Messrs Johnson the upper floors of 44. The hotel behind was a fully licensed inn, and was at present leased to Messrs Greenall and Co. The lease was dated 29th January, 1897, and the term ran from the 12:h of March of that year for five years. 'rho rent reserved was £l2O, the lessee repairing inside and out and painting. It had a large yard and out- buildings. Untii quite recently cattle sales were held in the yard. In March of the present year the Board of Agriculture called upon the owner and occupier to pave the yard if they desired to keep the cattle sales there. ' Knowing that the place was shortly to be taken over by the Corporation, the owner did not see his way to make that s expenditure. The departure of those sales , took away some of the custom. He mentioned that , because he had no doubt his friend Mr Sutton would , say that this was a decayiug business, Mr Sutton : No doubt it is true. (Laughter). Mr Lloyd : However that might be his client would not have been well advised at this stage to have made that alteration to the yard. Behind the inn was a warehouse occupied by a Mr Wadelin, an apron and pinafore manufacturer. The lease ran from May 11th, 1900 for five years. The rent was £2O for the first year and £23 up, the lessee paying the rates and taxes &O. In adeition there was a stable, which was let on an annual tenancy to Mr 'Thomas Birchall Carter at a rent of £5. There were also other buildings which were not let separately, but were used as part and parcel of the Eagle and Child Hotel and bad been used to 50030 extent in connection with these cattle sales. The rent of shop No 44 in 1868 was £5O. It was now £llO and ' rnext year would be £l2O. No 46 was let in 1868 for £4l. No 48 together with the warehouse Which was now separately let, was let for £62. These three 46, 48, and the warehouse, which then realizsd £lO3 together,nnw realized £228. The Eagle and Child Hotel was, in 186 d, a free house and was let for £43. and was now let on a lease at £l2O and the stable £5. Putting the figures together, they showed that in 1868 the whole of the property realizsd £l9B while the present eincsoimveel derived from it was £473. That showed con- iu , What a large increase had taken place in recent

times in the value of the property. I.THE FIRS'. WI TNESS. Mr Henry Harley, architect, of Liverpool, saii he was well acquainted with the borough and the value of business property. He had made a survey of the pro- perty in qaesdon. He proceeded to describe in detail the premises which the Corporation seek to acquire. It was a property which was rapidly increasing in value. He did not think the estate had been developed to its full extent, for the back land had not been made the most of so far as rentals were concerned. . .

-- At this;point the Court adjourned for luncheon. THE "EAGLE AND CHILD" HOTEL. "BUSINESS NOT BEEN PUSHED AS IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN.." After the adjournment witnede resumed his evidence. He estimated the value of the shops Nos. 46 and 48 at £5,157 and No. 44 at £2,779. He valued the "Eagle and Child" at £4,269, including £l,OOO for the licence. The remainder of the property he regarded as a site capable of being developed for some business purposes. The total value of the whole property he put down at £16,726. To this must be added £1,672. being 10 per cent, for compulsory sale, bringing the total valuation to £18,398. In answer to Mr Sutton witness said the shops were old, but were very well maintained. Both shops were admirably arranged and were capable of earning very good rentals and doing good business. He admitted that the workrooms were more or less antiquated. If there was no licence whatever attached to the "Eagle and Child "be should regard the site as worth £7 per yard for any purpose. If it was not used for licensed premises it might be used for showrooms in connection with the front premises. He did not think that in the past the most had been made out of the public house, the business had not been pushed as much as it might have been. Mr Sutton : How long do you think the "Eagle and Child" will last as a building ? Witness: That sounds almost like • riddle to me. Mr Sutton : I suggest it won't last beyond the lease. Witness : Oh dear, yes. Even assuming it did not. I believe if it were rebuilt, using a portion of the old fabric, it might earn a very much improved rental. Mr Sutton: I suggest that if the lipase is to cantina() as licensed premises it must be at once rebuilt as soon as the expiration of the lease takes place. Witnese : I don't agree with you. Mr Sutton: Is it not in a most lamentable state of decay? Witness : I don't agree with you there: The west end of the stable is in a very bad state of repair but not the " Eagle and Child.' Mr Sutton: Don't you know the upstairs rooms are in such a state they cannot b 3 lived ? Witness: I don't know that. Mr Sutton : Don't you know the stairs are scarcely fit to walk up? Witness: I went up them all right. Mr Sutton With great care. Witness: I generally do exercise care when I go into a strange building. Mr Sutton : Especially when it is the " Eagle and Child." (Laughter). Witness : I don't suggest that the house cannot be well improved by certain structuial alterations. In answer to Mr Lloyd witness said he had dealt with the" Eagle and Child " on the assumption that it would remain licensed premises. Renovations would of course ha necessary to keep the house secure. Tee very age and character of the house woul d bring trade to it, so long as it was renovated periodicallY• The proceedings were then adjourned until Tuesda Tuesday's Proceedings. Alderman Sutton on the Claimant's Side. The proceedings were resumed on Tuesday. , Alderman Sutton was the next witness caliPd and said he had had 35 years experience as an estate agent and , valuer in Warrington and had sold or valued three-fourths I of the property which had changed hands its the main , streets of the town during that time. The property in question was 80 yards from Maik ?,t Gate and was on the best side of the street. The traffia in Bridge-street was so great that the Corporation considered it abso- lutely necessary to widen the street and that the widening should have precedence over every similar improvement in any ether part of the town. The rental of this par ticular property bad increased to the extent of £275 between 1868 and the present time. It was only reason- , able to assume that the rentals would go on increasing I similarly during the next 30 years. Taking the present actual net income of £473 and addiag £4O which might be obtained by letting the hotel and atablea and out- buildings separately and taking 33 years' purchase I which was equal to three per cent—a, Ow valuation in his opinion because it would be impossible tor anyone to purchase property in Bridge-street to pay three per cent of the purchase maney—that yielded £17,100. T., that he would add the amount already expended on shop improvements (which was between £3OO and £400) as £3OO, and adding ten per cent for compulsory sale, £1,740, a total value of £19,140 was given. That was his valuation of the property. The witness was subjected to a close cross-examina- tion by Mr Sutton. Iu arriving at his valuation he said be had added nothing whatever for prospective value. He had not taken into account the supposition that the property would increase in value in the future as it had done in the past. He estimated that if the outbuildings of the E igle and Child Hotel were let separately they would yield £B6. Mr Sutton : How long do you think the hotel will last ?

Witness : I don't see why it should not last a very considerable time. It is as good now as it was 30 years ago, and Ido not see why with reasonable repair it should ricti remain so for the next 30 or 50 years. Mr Sutton : Ffls it: your opinion in arriving at this valuation, that the Eagle and Child is in good repair ? Witness : It is ia good repair for an old house, with the exception of one part of the inn. Mr Sutton : How long can it stand without being restored ? Witness It will be just as good with proper repair 30 years from now. Questioned as to the value of back land, Alderman Sutton said he had known back land behind Bridge- street to sell for £3 or LI a yard without any buildings at all.

Pressed by Mr Sutton to give one instance, witness said be was not in a position to-give the details, fie was aware that the Corporation had recently offered back land in Bridge-street for sale. He rememoered bidding for it and he offered £2 154 a yard for it. Mr Sutton: Is it not a fact that you offered £1 125 for some and £2 23 for the other. Alderman Sutton: It may have CD mmencel at that but I was prepared to go to £2 153 per yard. Mr Sutton: Well, Mr Tunstall is here, arid his sale book shows that the highest bid was £2 23 per yard and that the property was withdrawn. Alderman Sutton : I think £3 would have been bid for it if is had not been seen that there was no intention on the part of the Corporation to sell. I am not pre- pared to go into the price of back land because I have not valued the property on that basis. Mr J D Wallis, land surveyor, Manchester, said he valued the land and property at £18,063. He estimated that the front land was worth £2O per square yard ; a portion of the back property £7 103 per square card ; and the remaining portion iutther back at £4 per square yard. Qaestionecd by Mr. Sutton, witness stated that he should think the property would remain in its present state for many years with repairs and renewing. The premi-es were old-established, and the occupiers would use them as long as possible. He quite agreed with Mr Hartley as to the increased rentals to be obtained as they were quite moderate. Toe period for re-construc- tion would be put off as long as possible as the owner was getting a good income from the property. Ile con. sidered that it would be wise to re-construct in about 15 or 20 years. The land was increasing in value. With regard to the Eagle and Child he should say the pre- mises would not come dawn for the present: Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co. had had three leases of the hotel,leach for five years,and they would no doubt take another lease for five years at any rate. He would take it that they would pay the same rental. Mr Sutton : Is it not a fact that ,this hotel is in a lamentable state of repair ? Mr Wallis : I chink it is a slight exaggeration to say so. I should say it is in fair repair and it is old. Mr Sutton: What about the club room and the stairs ? Witness : They are not in good repair. Mr Sutton : Don't you think it wants a good deal more than repairing to put it in anything like decent condition.

Witness : It wants repairing and doing through; perhaps a little more than tnat, but not more than a firm of brewers would do to get the property on lease. He could not say that, if the premises were continued as they were, the licence would not be renewed. The land was now back land but it could be used as front laud' He estimated the value of the lioence at £l,OOO although he was not able to state what the likings were.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
'

THE CASE FOR THE CORPORATION. EVIDENCE CALLED.

In the afternoon the case for the Corporation was opened_ Mr T T Wainwright, valuer of Liverpool was the first witness called. He saki he had had great ex- perience in the valuation of property in Warrington. He had had to survey and value property in Bridge- street, and was well acquainted with prices realized by sales ia Bridge-street, Sankey-street, Horsemarket- street, and Buttermarket-street. Re had made a carefu survey of the premises in question, The buildings were obsolete in character from one end to the other with the exception of the ground floor of the shops and the show- rooms above the front premises. They were old, and although in working order and not delapidated, were.in hit opinion, much worn, if not nearly worn out. The upper storey of the shop where the workwomen were, and which did not appear to have had the attention paid to it in the way of renewals and restorations that the lower storeys had had, was positively unfit for the purposes for which it was used. The rooms were not fit for work rooms for any persons to be in, on account of their delapidated state, lowness of the rooras and the genetal defects in the building. With regard to

the public house, the public portion on the ground floor, had been kept, as far as it was possible to seep an old building, in decent order. With regard to toe upper floor it was so delapidated that he weuld:not be at all surprised if it .came down at any time. The staircase leading to it was unsafe. The only other building which bad " any life in it of any value" was the one at the back used by Mr Wadelin. With regard to the business done at the "Eagle and Child," he bad made full in- quiries and could give the court the result of them if required, but certainly during the last six months. whatever it had been before, it bad been a decreasing business. To tell the truth, he did not know how the tenant had paid the rent, let alone made a living out of the business. The rent paid by the tenant was £6O per annum. He would not be at all surprised if toe doing away with the cattle market was not one reason for the lessening of the trade during the last six or nine months.

MORE ABOUT TBE " EAGLE AND CHILD." EVIDENCE BY THE FORMER LANDLADY.

Mrs Loy, landlady of the Cooper's Arms,aod formerly tenant of the "Eagle and Cnild" hotel now gave evidence. She informed the Court that sbe held the tenancy of the house to; fifteen years. She could not tell them about the profits, but it was a house that never paid her. She paid £65 a year rent. Towards the end of the tenancy thee was a falling off in the business. The yard was not worth as much now as it was in years gone by. Cattle sales used to be held there and since they ceased there was a falling off in business of £3 or £4 per week. Before the cattle sales were done away with the tailings were lost wsen £l5 and £l6 per week, whilst at the present time the takings were about £l2. She had sold as much as three barrels of beer per week but she did not think the sale averaged two now. She did not think the spirit ;rade was any better than the beer trade. Witt reference to the house itself, there was very little accommodation. With regard to its condi- tion, she could assure them that it was most dangerous. A servant fell through from one of the bedrooms into the kitchen on one occasion, and on another, the bed- room ceiling came in and nearly killed herself and her son. She had called the attention of the brewers to the matter, She did not think the takings for the use of the yard had been more than 6s a week ; and she had to pay a man 103 a week to keep the house and yard tidy. The turnover from the sale of mineral waters was about 7s per week. Duriog the whole of the 15 years only two of the stables had been let, and none were let at the present time.. _

In answer to Mr Lloyd, witness said the takings from the public nouse simply kept her. Mr Lloyd : It has kept you fairly comfortably ? Witness : Do you think so? Mr Lloyd : Do you agree ? Witness : I decline to answer you. Mr Lloyd : You have had two boys at the Warring— ton Grammar School? Witness : For a short period. _ .

Mrs Loy again said the' house E imply kept her. Mr Lloyd : It depends on how you want to be kept. Some ladies are kept expensively and some are economi- cal. You have got money in the bank t3-day ? Witness: I shall not answer you. tkir Lloyd : I suggest you have a good sum fof money invested.

Witness : I suggest you are mistaken.: Mr Lloyd : Is it not a fact? Witness : No it is not. Mr Lloyd: flow much money have you in the bank? Witness : I shall not tell you. That is a very impertinent question for you to ask roe. Mr Lloyd : We suggest that you have not only lived in the house for fifteen years, and lived comfortably, but that you have saved money there. Do you say that is not true ?

Witness : I have not saved money there. I lived there for 15 years in the hopes of getting a better house.

Mr Lloyd : Very likely ; some people are never satisfied. Have you lost money ? ' Witness : I have not lost money. Mr Lloyd : You have not saved money? Witness : No.

Further examined, Mrs Loy said she had never kept books. She used to keep a little book in which she entered the day's taking, but the trade became so bad that she got disgusted and gave it up four or five years ago. She went to the Cooper's Arms on the let August but not because Messrs Greensll and Company told her they were giving the Eagle and Child Hotel up. She went simply to better her position. She had heard that the "Eagle and Child" would be given up, but she had asked for a house long before she knew that. She never asked for a reduction of rent. She had never appealed against the assessment of the house but she knew that her kssessmeo t was higher than the rent she paid. Mr Lloyd quoted from a statem.,nt supplied by Mrs Loy, showing that in 1900 she sold from 120 to 12a barrels of beer, but that was one of the best years she ever had. In the present year up to June, 102 gallons of spirits had been cold. In 1900 the sale of spirits amounted to 230 gallons. . .

Mr Wainwright-continued his evidence and said he should never think of adding to the valuation of the " Eagle and child" any sum whatever for the licence of the house in its present conditions. The building was completely worn out. Taking into conaideration the tact that the takings were now £l2 a week, and at the best of times did not exceed £l5, and that all passible chances of making more stables or workrooma were gone, he should say the rate- able value of the place was £BO a year net. His valua- tion of the house was £l,BOO, and his valuation of the whole premises, with 10 per cent, for compulsory sale. was £10,771.

At this point the Court adjourned until Thursday morning.

ST JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, IURCORN. Lecture by Mr F J Norman. A lecture was given on Wednesday evening last on " Rome" by Mr F J Norman, Mr Pritchard being in the chair. After the introductory remarks the lecturer reminded them' that the lecture was the result of a holiday spent with his wife, and which he earnestly entreated those present to emulate in seeing Rome for themselves. Quoting Austin's(Alfred)eulogy upon Rome, he endorsed the beautiful thoughts—thoughts which were—be was inclined to think superior to those of his poetic works. The lecturer took his audience through the principal scenes connected aa ith St Paul's pilgrimage in thxt City—beautifully describing and illustrating the prison which without doubt is regarded as being his sojourn during his incarceration. At this stage, there was thrown upon the screen a map showing the environment of Rome, and illustrating the various places which gave a g eater inskeht to the subject. Mr. Norman whose knowledge of Roman history appeared to be unlimited enhanced the scenes by graphically describing each view in detail and especially the Forum, where Appius Claudius and the Council of tea invariably met to settle and discuss matters relevant to the State. The Temple of Partheon was one which evinced much interest. Both exterior and interior views were exhibited. Mr Norman who with his wife had visited this building, referred to the symmetry of the work which at first glance scarcely appeared more than of ordinary dimensions until closely noticed, so uniform is the mechanism of its entirety. Raman roads were also dealt vritb, in detail. Mr Norman reminded his hearers that portions of Roman roads were not altogether things of tbe past in this country, for example, he thought the road near which his own house was situated was not of a dis- similar character. (Laughter.) The Catacombs were also a matter of great interest and gave much food for thought, especially in considering the claims for cremation.—The lecture proved altogether most instruc_ tive, and at the close Mr Norman was accorded a vot of thanks.—The Chairman, eulogised upon the brillie ancy of the scenes, Mr Sydney Morrows in seconding said Mr Norman was Inot only a lecturer, but he was also a theologian, and be fas a min- ister felt he was ;almost of themselves. They were doubly indebted to Mr Norman for:the entire cost of printing and of the oxy-hydrogen apparatus were to be met by the Lacturer himself, which amply proved that Mr Norman was heart and seal interested in the object for which the lecture had been promoted.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOATMAN FINED FOR

CRUELTY.

Before Mr H T Gaddum (presiding/ and other magis- trates, at the Altrincham Petty Sessions, on Monday, Jame Moore, of Brick Hill Houses, Canal Bank, Run- corn, was fined 203 fo: having worked a horse whilst in an unfit state at Tirnperley on September 25. It appeared that on the date in question the anima!, which was in a very lame condition, was dragging a, large flat-bottomed boat; in which were 52 tons of slack, along the bank of the Bridgwater Canal. Mr William Harold Thomas, chief correspondent at the Linotype Works, Broadheath, noticed the condition of the horse as he was travelling in the train from Brooklanda to Altrinchatu, and he gave information to 'lnspector Robinson, of the Royal Socitty for the Pre vention of Cruelty to Animals.

B APT IS T CHURCH LATCHFOR-D— -THE AUTUMNAL SERMONS WILL BE PRELCHED ON SUNDAY OCTOBER 23Ta. 1901, IN THE MORNING int TIM REV. J. F. MATTHRWS, MINISTER. EVENING BY THE REV JOHN YON,III or WYCLIFFE CHURCH. WARRINGTON. Services Morning 10.30, Evening 6.30. In the AFIERNOON at 2.30 a song service will be held 41 the school:

===== 0002601_19011011_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Collections at each service in aid of the Church funds.

NEW AUTUMN ACES, Mantles and Dresses. Latest shapes in Wi.terproof Coat, and Capes. Stormproof Coats a speetalite.—W T Yitlradiate. Sankey Street and Legh Street. Warrington. H. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC Is TER RING OF TONICS.-63, SaNKEY-STREET, Warrington.—(Advt).

.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE.

Many people after enjoying the good things of life are subject to much after suffering from the inability of the stomach to perform its duties. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would strengthen the digestive organs and serve to remedy the evil. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is the Best Remedy of the age for Indi- gestion, Weakness, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite, Flatulence, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness. and Chest Affec- tions. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains neither iron nor mercury, nor any injurious mineral substances, which accumulate in the system when taken in medicine. and cause future pain mid trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters in a Natural Remedy, containing a most bappy combination of Quinine with the active principles of the best known and most valuable plants, which have not hitherto been successfully dispensed. N0%7 Indigestion assumes so many forms that there is scarcely a complaint which it may not resemble in one way or another. It has not been inaptly termed " Our National Disease." There is no disease more prevalent or more difficult to cure. It is a disease of the stomach, and assumes a variety of different forms in parts of the body far removed from the stomach. The only trustworthy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters, which, acting upon the digestive organs, strengthens them and stimu- lates them to healthy action, and gives tone to the whole stomach, imparting new life, hope, strength, and happiness. NERVOUS DISORDERS.

Nervous disorders are generally traceable to defective digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach does not digest the food ; the necessary supply of vital particles which the blood should r2ceivL: from properly digested food fails, and the result is felt almost immediately upon the most sensitive portions of the human organism—the nerves. Impure blood irritatss the nerves and causes nervous weakness. This renders the nervous system very liable to be affected by unhealthy influences. In nine cases out:of ten, if the imperfect digestion be remedied, the nervousness and weakness will disappear. The only certain remedy is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9J. and 4s. 6d. each, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct, by the Sole Propriet- ors :—Tho Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited. Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imita- tions. The name " Gwilym vans"E must be found on the label, on the scamp, and on the bottle, to ensure its being genuine. Be sure you get the right article when you ask for it. Do not be put off with substitutes. No tber preparation is "Just as good" or " The same biog."

===== 0002601_19011011_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

MEAN THEFTS ET • WOMAN—CLEVER DECEPTION. On Friday morning two charges of theft against a woman named Elizabeth Ann Byatt, of Liverpool, were investigated at the Warrington County Borough Police Court. In the first ease, prisoner was charged with stealing trora the dwelling house of Samuel Ball, 91, Padgate.lane, two silk blouses, a black dress skirt, • cape, necktie and lady's watch of the total value of about £2 sometime between August 28th and September 7:II—A second charge was that of stealing from the house of Peter Hill, plumber, 105, Padgate-lane, a silk dress skirt and other articles of wearing apparel value £2--- The Chef Constable said the prisoner had been known to Mrs Wilt for some time. it five o'clock on Wednesday afternoon August 28th, Mrs Ball received a telegram from the woman stating that she and her husband were coming to Warrington by the 8.30 train. Mrs Ball sent her daughter to meet them, and when they arrived at the house prisoner said she was going to stay in Warrington for a few elays,previous to taking over her -mother's business in Liverpool. Prisoner and her husband slept at Mrs Bales house that night, but as this arrangement was rather inconvenient, it was subsequently arranged that they should sleep at the house of Mrs Hill, 105, Padgate-lane during their stay in Warrington. They, however, had their food at Mrs Balls, and had the full run of the dwelling house. On September 7th, prisoner went out, saying she was going to the Post Office, and sho never returned. Later in the day, a purse containing 93 q belonging to Mrs Ball's daughter was missed, and this aroused suspicion. 03 examination of the premises the articles detailed in the first charge were missed. Subsequently an inspection of Mrs Hill' house was made, and it was discovered that the articles named in the second charge had disappeared. The prisoner and her husband bad absconded and information was given to the police. They :lad been put to a very great deal of trouble to effect the woman's arrest. She was wanted at various places, including Liverpool, and the Liver- pool police apprehended her some days ago, and com- municated the tact to Warrington. Prisoner and her husband were trieJ at Liverpool on Thursday, and the man was sent to prison for three months. The woman was handed over to the Warrington police. Priseuer said she was acting under the influence of her husband but he (the Chief Constable) would leave it entirely to the Bench to decide whether it was in fear of her husband that she committed these acts of theft and clever deception. Prisoner pawned most of the stolen articles in Warrington and when arrested she was wearing the cape and orie or two more of the missing articles. She was" wanted " at Wigan and other places. It appeared that she hoodwinked the pawnbrokers by giving false names and addresses.— Evidence bearing out this statement was given from which it appeared that the prisoner pawned most of the property at the shops of Messrs G H and H M Jackson, and Mr E V Morton, giving the names of Baker and Pakin.-9aperinten dent Monaghan said that when the ' woman was charged she replied "He (meaning her husband) made me take them."—Prisoner said it was all through her husband that she was in the court. Be had made her de things Since she had been married which she never cid before. He had stolen things at Liverpool and given them to her to pawn, and told her not to use hi 3 name.—The Chief Constable said prisoner was no novice at this kind of thing, but the plea she had just made seemed to have served her in good stead more than once. At Liverpool she had been charged with theft and bound over under the First Offenders Act.—The magistrates committed prisoner to gaol for feur menthe.

SELLING UNWEIGIIED BR D.-WAHRINGTON DEALERS

SUAIITLY FINED.

A batch of prosecutions against provision dealers, for selling unweighed bread, came before the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Monday. In the first case Messrs Kay and Cowdell, 163, Battersby-laoe,were summoned for selling a loaf of bread without first weighing it, on October lst.—Mr Stanley Wilson,deputy town clerk, prosecuted and said that on the date named a man named Joseph Davies, acting on the instructions of Inspector Place' visited the defendant's shop and aaked for a 21b loaf. He was served with a loaf by one of the shopmen,and it was banded to Mr Wallingtomassist- ant market inspector,who weighed it and found it to be one ounce and four drachms short of 2ltis.The loaf ought to have been weighed in the presence of the purchaser, and that was the real offence.—Mr Cowdell said that Davies simply asked for a twopenny loaf and not a 21b one. He really received a 41 loaf for 21.—The firm were not bakers by trade, but simnly sellers. They took the purchaser of the loaf to be " a tramp on the road."—The Chairman (Mr Monks) We are very glad this case has been brought into Court, bezauso this is one of those instances which lends itself to the general public being defrauded be' those who take advantage of the laxity of inspection- However, we think the justice of the case will be met by fining the defendants 103 and costs.—Jamea Harding, 12, Dudley-street, was sum- moned for a similar offence—Mr Wilson said that the loaf was purchased by the man Davies and found to be an ounce short.—Defendant was fined 10; and coste.— James Leigh, Pinners-brow, was summoned for a like offence.—Mr Wilson said the loaf which should have weigh.d 21b, was four ounces and six drachms short.— The defendant's wife pleaded"ignorance of the law,"and added that she did not profess to sell a 2lb loaf for 21, the price paid by the purchaser.—Mr Wilson : The authorities have had strong complaints about people selling bread without weighing, it. The Chairman : There is an unlimited amount of fraud.—D2fendant was told by the Chairman that she "would have to pay for her ignorance"and she was fined 20s. and costs.—Ed ward Smith, 33, Fennel-street, was charged with a like offence. It was proved that the loaf was two ounces short, and the defendant was fined 10S, and costi3.—Anchew Templeton, 11, Irlam-street, pleaded guilty to a similar offence, and Mr Wilson stated that the loaf was 2,iz, and 121 s dracbms short of 211). Defendant said he had given strict orders to his wife to weigh all bread. They had only been in the shop six months, and his wife bad neglected co weigh the loaf with not being accustomed to it.—The Chai-man : If you give instruotions it is not for us to see that they are carried out. If they are not, you are liable. Yu will be fined 103 and costs.—Defendant : I will mind in the future.—The Chairman : You will pay 10s. and costs for the past.

WOMAN VIOLENTLY A°3AELTED AT WAREIVOTON. At the Warringson Police Court on Monday, before Mr F Monks and other magistrates, a young man named Christopher Ayres, 9, Antrobus-street, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in that street,at twenty minutes past five on Sunday afternoon and, further, with assaulting Jane Eaves and Mary Straw at the same time and place. , Mary Straw Winwick-road, who appeared in the witness box with a badly discoloured eye, said that on Sunday afternoon prisoner was in Antrobus-street under the influence of drink, and "wanted to fight anyone." Witness went up to see what was the matter, and prisoner struck her three severe blows in the eye with his fist.—Jane Eaves, 68 years of age, and mother of the last witness, who also bore signs of illusage, said she saw the prisoner strike her daughter in the face, and she told him to stop. Before she had got the words out of her mouth, he struck her a blow in the face, which knocked her to the ground. The man was a complete stranger to her, and she bad never spoken to him previously.—

P.C. Lewis said his attention was called to the prisoner who was surrounded by a large crowd of people, and was drunk and making use of bad language. He took him into custody. and witness was a the opinion that it was fortunate for the prisoner that he did so, or the people would have thrashed him.—Prisoner now expressed his sorrow and said that had he been sober he would not have committed the assaults. Five or six men struck and kicked him.—The Chairman said the magistrates were sorry they could not allow the ladies any compensation under the law. It was one of the worst cases of aggravated assault which be had ever dealt with. Prisoner would be committed to gaol for two months with hard labour—Ultimately it was decided to allow the female witnesses 103 each from the poor box. DISGRACEFUL CONDLICT NEAR WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Occasional Court, on Wednesday, before Mr J G Talbot and Mr John White. Michael Garrity was charged with assaulting a little girl named Ada Thin, five years of age, at Stretton, on October 7. He pleaded not guilty. The prisoner admitted that be had shaken handa and kissed the girl, but said that was all hP (ltd. A fine of 104 and cos,s, or fourteen days' bard labour in default was imposed.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES. Warrington Borough Court.

Moynair.—Before Mr. Monks (in the chair). Councillor Smethurst and !deists. Hayward, Wright and Thornton. UttreTamPED SCALES.--Blizabeth Graham. 4. Blackhurst- street, was summoned for having, on the 11th September, used for trade, a pair of scales which were aping and unstamped•—Mr. Wilson (deputy Town Clerk) stated that on Saturday afternoon, the 23th lust., Inspector Wallington was on duty In Frogball lane, when he noticed the defendant hawking fruit in a hand cart. He went up to the .Art and examined the settles and found that they were uustamped and unjust. The scales were seized. The scales had been previously in the hands of the Inspector and rejected.—The Chairman : Why were they not destroyed ?—Mr. Wilson : If they can possibly be put in repair that is done.—Mr. Place (Market Inspector) The scales have been rejected and marked as uujust and sent away for repairs. Instead of the owner repairing them the scales have been sold.—lnspec- tor Wallington gave evidence.—The defendant said she bad bought the scales from a neighbour.—lt was stated that the scales were against the seller,—Mr Wilson withdrew the charge of using unjust scales, and the Bench fined the defendant Is for the other offence and ordered the scales to be forfeited.

; BAD Dtmcoits EXPOSED FOR SALE —FRUITERER FLTED. —James Boylin 20 Lovely-lane, was charged with having exposed for sale a quantity of damsons, unfit for human food, In the Market-place on the 28th September —Defendant did not eppear, but his mother stated he had gone to Man- chester and had probably missed his train.—lnspector Flood stated that at 10.30 on Saturday evening the 28th September, he was on duty In the market. He noticed a quantity of darn/inns on the defendant's stall, and on examining glom found them to be decayed and unfit for fool. A boy was in charge of the stall sad witness waited :some time for defendant. As he did not appear, be had the damsons conveyed to the Town Hall. where he received an order from a justice of the pease for the fruit to be destroyed.—The Chairman (to Mrs Boylln) : What has your son gone to Manchester for ?—Mrs Boyfin ; For a lawyer sir. Defendant was fined 10s and costs.—At the conclusion of the court. Boylin put in an appearance, accomranied by a solicitor. who explained that he had been instructed by defendant to appear Cm him. He had however, missed the 930 traimbut had sent a wire to " White. magistrates' clerk, Borough Police Court, Warrington." Mr White said that he had receiwed no wire. The solicitor then thanked the Bench for their kindness, saving that no disrespect whatever had been intended and withdrew. Rd P.C.A. PROSECUTION.—Thomas Riley, Delamere, Cheshire, was summoned for having worked a horse whilst In an unfit condition on the aitt of September.—lnspector Print stated that he was on duty in the Market-place, on the date in question, when he saw defendant in charge of a grey horse attached to a trap. Noticing the hoz se looked uneasy he examined it and found under the saddle a large supp,vating wound *boob foil, or five inches long. A bag had been placed underneath the saddle and this was rubbing against the sore, which was "one mass cf raw plaues and dry scabs." The animal was an extremely bad condition. Defendant was a very poor mesa—the Chairman said the offence was a serious one, and the defendant would be fined 10s and costa.

----- . RESCUING • PRlSolfEß.—Thomas Dickson, Ship-yard, was charged with having obstructed P.C. Clough while in the execution of his duty, at twenty minutes past ten on Satur- day evening—P.O Clough stated that at about twenty minutes past ten on Saturday night he was on duty in Scotland-road. when he had occasion to take a woman into custody. Prisoner Came up and rescued the woman from him. Witness then arrested prisoner and handed him over to P.C.'s Edwards and Taylcr. The woman was subsequently arrested for drunkenness.—Floei Ss and costs. TllEJD•lt.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair) and Alderman

===== 0002601_19011011_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Hutchinson.

NEGLIGENT FATHER SENT T 3 CAOL.—Thomas Moore. 9, Parr-street. was charged with not providing for the main- tenance of his wife and family. ha being in a position to do so. Mr Basil Shearer prosecuted on behalf of the Guardians, and stated ttat the matt ha 4 been a source of trouble to the Board. Twelve months ago last July prisoner was similarly charged, but on his promising to do better and look after his family the case V 745 withdrawn. Since then prisoner had not maintained his family. He had given his wife only a few shillings now and attain and had paid her nothing during the Past nine weeks.—He was sent to gaol for a month.—Samuel Beckett, 2. Har3y-street. was summoned for arrears of maintenance due to his wife upon an order made about twelve months ago. Mrs. Beekett said her husbond had been working regularly, but had •• subbed" the money and spent It in drink. The Magistrates' Clerk said prisoner was Summoned for an aggravated assault about twelve months ago, when an order was made for him to pay his wife 73 61. a week. He had not paid anything. Prisoner who had been before the court 36 times, was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair and _Monks. and Mr. Geddes.

THEFT BY A CAR rER.-11euben Wdson, 51, Hamilton- street, was charged with stealing 7s. the money of Bdwant Isherwood. eontractor.Tanners-lane.—Superintendent Mona- ghan said prisoner was employed asa carter by Mr Isher- wood, who carted for Messrs Oreenall,Whitley and Company On Saturday the man was sent from Wilderspool brewery to Hartford to deliver some barrels of beer and boxes of bottled beer. His duty was to receive payment for the bottled beer. It appeared that he received 7s at Hartford, and on returning to Warrington he ought to have called at the brewery and paid over the money. When he got there, however, the office Was closed and his next duty was to hand over the money to Mr Isherwood. He, however. received his wages, but did not pay over the money and nothing more was seen of him. Mr .Isherwood, being large employer, thought it was only 3ustizs that the man should be prosecuted as a warning to others. This was prisoner's sixth appearance and he had been sent to gaol for a month for the same class of offence in 1891. Prisoner was now committed for a month. " A PINT OVER THE WAR MED S.L."—JOhn Rooney. and John McCormack were charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Buttermarket-street at 6.45 the previous evening. —Rooney said he had just returned from South Africa and they were " having a pint over the medal."—Rooney who male his 25th appearance, was fined 5s and COSTS, and McCormack who had not been before the Court previously was discharged. _

THE BEGGING NUISANCE.—Thorns Jackson and Charles Muleare, last from Wolverhampton. were charged with begging In Winwiek-street the previous evening.—P 0 Rigby proved the case, and stated that he saw the prisoners go from shop to shop asking for coppers. He took them to the Pollee Station and on the way thPy were very disorderly, and he had to procure the assistance of a civilian.—Both prison- ers were sent to gaol tor seven days.

TILUESDAY..—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (In the chair), Rymer Young, Mendley, and Hepherd. WOULD NOT BREAK STOWEEL—George Mather was charged, that being a pauper inmate of the Warrington Workhouse, he refused to perform a task of work on Wednesday.—Mr B Shearer prosecuted, and said the man had been a source of trouble to the Guardians for some considerable time. He bad been admitted to tne Workhouse eight times since Sep- tember, 1899. During that time he had spent five months, two weeks and five days in the Workhonse. lie was a very able-bodied man, and had no one to keep but himself. tie could earn good wages if he chose to work. Last Friday the matter was considered by the Committee. and they thought the man shpuld be put to. hard work. He was ordered to

break stones but refused to do anything at all. There was no reason why prisoner should spend a single day in the Workhouse.—Prisonet was sent to gaol for 21 days with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NUTRIENT.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WIPING OUT A NATIONAL REPROACH!

It can no longer be said that the best Cocoas are of foreign production

===== 0002601_19011011_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MAILWATIEE [ATIV

HAS

===== 0002601_19011011_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
11 80001

AUX' C*2%1113M MnirIEa.CIOIEKTM

A BRITISH FIRM can produce

ESTABLISHED THE FACT THAT

===== 0002601_19011011_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
F THE :RITISH PEOPLE

A COCOA THAT IS

The -.- is*. h'.-'st Att s; inabie . Quality.

No Foreign Cocoa imported into this country equals

===== 0002601_19011011_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
• • ,; t,. • 05.4 NAt - e $l.-f - • ,4f, it, 4 r , `4l .st "`"' p z „..., • 1 ffrie ,`1"14, gif; COCOA

In quality of bean, Refinement of preparation, Purity of product, or Strength-imparting elements.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE LUXURY OF LUXURIES IN COCOA.

Seeretarles of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, Beweey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

the clever Oldham backs, and Lawton, Williams, Sam Lees, and Huzzey each scored tries, Thomas dropped a goal, and Huzzev and Sam Lees each added a goal from a try. Towards the end the Rangers were hopelessly outplayed, and Oldham won by four goals and seven tries (29 points) to one goal (two points).

the home team lines, a clever pass from White resulting in getting over, Inglefield failing at g time : Runcorn one goal two tries, Birkenk: Final—Runcorn " A "two goals three tries, Bal " A " nil.

Lancashire Junior League.

Runcorn Hornets v. Runcorn Re, At Runcorn before a moderate attendance. half-time nothing was scored. On resuming the played with spirit, but a good defence sr" After smart passing by the Hornets, Paul Gr 6 at the corner. Liter Woods increased the kicking a goal from a penalty, and the saelle registered a second goal. The Hornets finally I victors by two goals one try (seven points) to 0.1

===== 0002601_19011011_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Warrington Beaten at Leigh.

Warrington did not journey to Leigh with very much confidence on Saturday, for the team was not at full strength and it was no secret that the Mather-laners were bent on doing what they were unable to do in the West Lancasbirecup final, i.e. beat Warrington. The visitors were short of three regular forwards in J Swift, Scholtze, and Edmondson, substitutes being found in Pemberton, F Swift and Edwards. Hockenhall in place of Burgess at half back wasalso an experiment forced on the club by the latter's suspension. Leigh were at full strength, and though the weather was wet and stormy a good crowd assembled. Several hundred spectators came from Warrington by special train. Mr J Priestley I was the referee and the teams lined out as follow. Leigh : E Pearson, full back; Ganley, Right, John- soh and T Davies, three-quarters ; Dunbavin and aloly- neux, half backs; Woodward, Boardman, W Roberts, J Roberts, Ecclaston, Ramsdale, Webster and Clare, for- wards. F Swift, Cunningham, Fell, Pemberton„ Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, three-quarters ; Boardman Warrington won the toss, and started with a strong ManodrrEi. wind behindperri, Molyneux setting the ball in motion. donv:aErdlse,nforwards. Naturally Leigh were soon called up m to defend, which they did with great determination and good tactics. Warrington kept in the home half, but made little pro- gress towards a score, though the Leigh line had some lucky escapes. Dunbavin's kick was charged once, but the Warrington forwards bungled the chance. Then Pearson mulled near the goal, only for Warrington to be robbed cleverly by Johnson. Dicken- son punted down and following up well upset Pearson a hot attack on the home line following. Hallam tried at goal from a penalty but the shot passed outside. War- rington pressed and Fish went half back, immediately sending a long pass to Isherwood who chose to struggle for the line himself instead of giving Hockenhall an easy try at corner. The Leigh men easily accounted for Isherwood and Fish went back to the wing as the line was cleared.Warrington were beaten in the scrimmages, but got the ball occasionally. Fish made two_ brilliant runs down touch but failed t 3 score and balft time was not far distant when Warrington again go close in. Hockenhall had a grand chance given him by Allen but missed the pass Leigh dribbled into the Warrington half beaded by Ramsdale, Fish and Dicken- son carrying play back again by clever combination. Warrington passed across and Isherwood let another chance go begging. The attack was maintained and Dickenson giving Harris a long pass enabled the wing man to score far out. Hallam failed at goal and just before the interval Boardman was carried off with an injured knee. Half-time, Warrington 1 try, Leigh nil. Eden restarted and Leigh soon got the upper hand, Dunbavin making a poor shot at goal from a penalty in the first five minutes. Playing a man short Warrington had little chance of keeping the home team at bay, and very soon Molyneux credited his side with a dropped goal. Warrington responded with a dashing dribble to the Leigh half, where Pearson was brought down. A penalty further improved matters and Harris put in a useful sprint, Leigh having to defend. A long kick

===== 0002601_19011011_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Hull v. Halifax.

These clubs met at Hull, before 10,000 spectators. Hull scored just before half-lime. After the interval it was evident that it had been a punishing game, and Hull tired, enabling Nicholson to score. Hull now made ground, and strong play against the backs gave To vns- end a chance. Morley and Riggs brought relief, and maintained a strong attack in the Hall territory, but the defence was sound, and the game fluctuated at the centre until the close, when .the scores stood :—Hull, two tries (six points) ; Halifax, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19011011_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Salfora v. Bradford.

1 This match was played at New Barns in boisterous weather, before 5,000 spectators. Rain fell heavily and socklened the ground. This suited the heavy Bradford forwards, who carried several scrummages and gave their backs plenty of opportunities. Heseltine and Sinton madej good use of them, and each scored a try for Bradford,who led at half time by six points to two. Although playing against the wind. Bradford com- menced the second half in vigorous fashion, and Hodg- son scored a try which Marsden improved. Salford then appeared to tire, and their passing was far too slow to be effective. Heseltine intercepted a pass from Williams to Bone,and after a fine run managed to place the bail over the Saltord line and score another unimproved try for Bradford. These reverses stimulated the home team, and from this point to the end there was a decided improvement in their play. Lomas dodged all the Bradford hacks and scored a try for Salford,from which he kicked a goal, and Williams further reduced Brad- ford's lead by scoring another try. The home team kept the visitors on the defence until the finish, and the game ended Bradford,one goal and four tries (14 points); Salford, two goals and two tries (10 points).

===== 0002601_19011011_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Lancashire Senior Competition. Saturday's Results.

G. T. P. G. T. P. dt. Helens Lancaster Rochdale Hornets 2 1 7 Stoekport Widnes 2 1 7 Morecambe Wigan RESIJLT3 UP TO DATE.

For. Agst. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 5. 5... 0... 0...11 14— 64... 1 1— 5...19 Wigan *Stockport Barrow 4. 3... 1... 0...12 18— 78... 6 2 18... 6 Birkenhead 5... 3... 2... 0... 5 12— 46... 6 9 39... 6 St Helens Hull K. Hovers Millom 6. 2.. 2... 1... 6 8— 33.... 8 10— 46... 5 Rochdale Inlets 5... 1... 4... 0... 5 2 16... 4 10— 33... 2 Lancaster b... 0... 4... 1... 4 2 14... 8 11— 49... 1 Morecambe 5. 0... 5... 0... 2 4 16...11 9 49... 0 Radcliffe 4... 1... 3... 0... 3 3 15...12 17— 75... 0 *Altrincham *Two points deducted for breach ot rules

===== 0002601_19011011_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE RUGBY COMBINA-

TION.

A Victory for Fletcher Russell's.

The visit of Oldham "A " team to the Lovely-lane enclosure, aroused considerable interest,and despite the unpropitious weather, there was a large assembly of spectators to witness the match. Two alterations had been made in the home team. Holbrook and Peter Knight displacing Potter and hill. The Oldham team was representative, Wild and Mort taking the places of Booser and Bush. Broom kicked off for the visitors, who immediately forced play to the home half. Hostili- ties ceased fur a short time, the result of an accident to Earnsbaw. On re-starting, the home backs took play to the Oldham end, several dangerous scrimmages taking place on the line. A mark by the Oldham back relieved the pressure, and play was for a time confined to the centre. Smart work by the locale saw Clare get possession, and after a tricky ran that player passed to Simmins, who scored a grand try at the corner. The goal kick failed. Following this reverse the visitors smartened up scmewhat,and several pangerous rushes were frustrated by Brown, the home full back. Smart work behind the pack saw Oldham get dossession, an excellent passing movement being spoiled by a throw forward. Half-time arrived with the score:— Fletcher's, one try; Oldham,nil. On resuming the visitors tried hard to equahz,buthe home defence was safe. Ihe home team gradually worked their way to the centre, and play ruled even for a time. From a scrimmage Spottiewoode gained possession, and after a grand run, was pulled up on the line. Play still continued danger- ously near the home end, and from a free kick, Dick- son kicked a fine goal. No further scoring resulted,and /the game ended ; Fletcher Russell's, one try (three points) ; Olddam, one goal (two points).

===== 0002601_19011011_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Birkenhead " A " v. Runcorn ‘` A."

51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS.

This game was played at Birkenhead on Saturday. The weather was boisterous, and there was COX)SE q uently a very poor attendance. The Runcorn forwards held the borne lot easily, and their threequarters were also superior. From a scrimmage Inglcheld led a fine rush, and safely landed the !Dail over the line,the major points being added also. Restarting, the visitors indulged in fine combination, and soon again were hovering around

_..•Mi

!1,10

===== 0002601_19011011_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE doUNTYITRI MATCH.

Selection of the Teams. The Lancashire Committee met at Mancheister„Pf Tuesday night,and selected the following teams to r in the trial match at Wigan on October 16 : Probables—D Smith (Salford), back ; Ton (Salford), R Valentine (Swinton), S Williams and J Fish (Warrington). three-quarters; (Swinton) and W James (Broughton Rang( backs; P Tu..ny (Salford), J Ferguson (Oa Mere (St Helens), F Treweekee (Barrow), (L9igh), G Wilkinson (Oldham), J Bestow (S, G Ruddick (Broughton Rangers), forwards. Possibles—J Hallam (Warrington), back ; (Broughton Rangers), T Bowker (Barrow) (Broughton Rangers), and 7 Hampson (Swint quarters • A Lees and J R Lawton (Oldl backs ; J Aspey (Widnes), H Ball (Wigai (St. Helens), J Norbury (Leigh), J H Wilkin Vowles (Oldham), .1 Evans (Swinton), and r rington), forwards. Reserces—Tnomas (Oldham), back , Di - rington), Bosco (Widnes), Ganley (Leigh), arid son (Broughton Rangers), three-quarters ; S, Broughton Rangers), half-back ; Brown (.7. Thompson (Broughton Rangers), Caroey (St PI and Hilton (Wigan), forwards. Referee, J (Widnes). Touch judges, J H Houghton (St and B Ashton (Weroeth).

[harp,

ickengclo

An Accountant's Failure. A receiving order has been made in tbetit; rington County Court, on a creditor's 1:111' against Ernest Hart, lately residing at " Whitefield-road,Stockton Heath, but now. TP at 66, Hood-lane, Sankey Bridges, near W

• and carrying on business as an account florsemarket Chambers, Ilorsemarket-street, rington.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR TWELVE GUINEt ci. n .1- REMIER " CYCLES WITH

FREE WHEELS AND BACK PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. bOLE AGENT,

J. S. GARLAND,

HARRDP BROS. AND COMPANY. PEWTERERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEES-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGs. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22 BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Tree,

will,

l'kl=ccf t 6 6°a ‘1 bit ky 1ab212

,Tlealeb =-

( L. 15,6 17, %11^ 62 60,4 5C 60.954

''',r1.8.311

===== 0002601_19011011_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
2. lII'S 10 'h

(01 ; D 13AIEff' •ers), - 'clbarn). liV B'y

,o 3 It „d 330 Felt '

The most costly state funeral which has ever. place was perhaps that of Alexander the Gqe," body was placed in a coffin of gld. filled avi, aromatics, and a diadem was placed on the beat, funeral car was embellished with ornaments of Puri:slol' and its weight was so great that it took 81 mule" than a year to convey it from Babylon to BPS'

C If you jamvearwroLrliaeSidoormnost; RILES AND INDIGESTION - - KEUTY'S CURE ot4 Ipnolodxbivl.eeaecdnuicinregeafPouirel is the only safe and effectual remedy for inwaoratri° nFegielectutlaanmds cause, ssh the most ?Felts ttaouclau I te t pr mpaescatorsf re:rai cart ce. Sold 'by all Chemists in bottles 18, ad r" lIHUTI AND CO. HALIFAX. ;11foouraotir

ciu °l,Tning 45'5 50.1 11,12.ekhu • 5 40,

0,555, 'Zirs /14ZTA.,

!undays a Green-2 4! s 21, 6 7.7 ) VI Rd Wish 1059. 653. ~---itnrd 8 ii 22. b 5 41. 6 2.1 1,17 23. aSaturda. ,l'ornool (yid ite.r 0,1 5. 1 30 3 0 ' 4). 630, cAlon ilts Widnes (1.. & 45'5 4 20, 5 21. 6 5 • aSaturday I 01 TA (2°111.11 g I'lo qal 00. 2 40 350 a r Slinrups r! lin(), on (L & NW tet, St,indays 10 18 127 Bon 83 :, 1141 P In —8"7".732' 33,5 F 9,6 41 . tl'ln"athest,nrly(l, 3:1). 5. 1 35, 2 40 10'74. 8 0, 8 3( ',.. ttPhester I i on( I iq s'2o. s„ls,tuYrdn 8 at•C nztriel, I ester When 148: 1C1.,30. 10 35. 1 .8 ,•,°(). 6311, 6 , IN. 1..) so. . . 40dIewleh 648 le zilrail ;/,,;/ 1,4 51.5 11 , 39 4 Reedsys , i,.;,p1: 10 15, 12 a6P53.572Z 7. 923. ' 487;11-8 2 .1 ;11t ,41.irt8 only. tfs) 9 155. ;-;j 21 : S I'll. P. 6 55. 9 5. ''1.4138 5. 1 ll'Q•1411871:7;

035 , . ast,

rrd

.k'i,' .-rno- o)

send two , EV th,t,l--"rag valuable ,Tet,b, 'nay 4401 Gel “.als. !dr

r I Wt. SA 00 itoo, li6 ' Wl° I'oll' o°o tnlR,, Doe s L. Nt- a,) ,(I°fig Wid-do J°° If I tNwe— le op 1 111, :4154r r )114 esiTt arriog, it ono r poor; PC pe Id, gOICI ore

s°l;

a White to 15 ling at goal; Birkenheaa tries, Birlac

Recreatiol Pndance. ming thello°7i, .nce sr," °7ice-ri sear- d tne the Faale ' ol finally nts) to ail.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY. —Before Messrs GL Davies and R H Poanett.

TEMPORARY AUTRORITy.--dernee Bradley applied for a transfer of licence from Joseph Blackburn for the " Three Crowns Inn." a beerhouse in King—street. Superintendent Ennion said be was quite satisfied with the application which was accordingly gianted.—Mlchael fileGeachin was granted permission to sell at the beerhouse "The Friendship Tavern" In Friar-street and a bagatelle licence was also granted for the house.

SMART PENALTY YoR WANTON DAMAGE.—John Bowden, 22, Taylor's-row. was summoned by Mary Baktup, also of Taylor's-row, for committing damage to the value of 10s to a pair of scales, jugs and plates on the 7th beptember.— Prosecutnx said that on the date named at 8 o'clock pm, prisoner came into her shop at Shalicross-row and used threatening language towards her. its afterwards struck her on the breast. kle then pulled the counter over and broke the things mentioned. He was not sober.—Defendant, who denied the assault, but admitted breaking the articles, was fined 204 and 8s 6d costs, also the cost of the damage 10s. FOUR Mishmkvous BovB.—Pour small boys named Joseph Flannagan, aged 12, David Moores, 13, Joseph Moores, 10, and John Handley, 11, were summoned for throwing stones. —P C Wilding stated that on the 22nd September he was in Cooper-street when he saw the defendants throwing at some property. There had been many Complaints about stone throwing, sad a considerable amount of damage had been done.—Defendants were each fined 2s 6d aud costs, or la default 7 days. The money was paid.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON UNION ASSESS- MENT COMMITTEE;

A Small Increase in Rateable Value. A meeting of the above mentioned committee was held in the Board room at the Woikhouse on Friday,Mr G Pilling presiding. There were also present :—Messrs A J Jolley, A Jolley, William Houghton, J Billinge, T Fialton, J Clarke, It Forshaw with .1 C Sutton (clerk), S Sutton (assistant clerk), William Owen (valuer).

===== 0002601_19011011_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATEABLE VALUE OF THE BOROUGH

The CLERK presented an inform al statement of the valuation of the Borough. He stated that the full figures would be submitted at the next meeting. The present assessable value of the borough was .£239,500 as compared with £237,909 in the previous half-year, showing an increase of £1,591: The Clerk pointed out that the increased value was not in the same ratio as the? had experienced in previous half years. In answer to Mr BILLINGE, the CLERK said he did not think the rate of increase would be anything like in the future what they had been experiencing for the past few years unless trade and manufactories were very prosperous.

Mr BILLINGE : The Increase this half-year is largely due to new property? The Cr-midc said that was so, but the rate of increase in new property had not been very great during the past half-year. Mr WOODCOCK said it was one of the slightest half- years he could remember. He also pointed oat that in the appeals before the Committee they had only lost L'ls6 las in rateable value. This was considered satisfactory. The statement was adopted on the proposition of Mr Jolley.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
V.ALL'E WS REPORT.

Mr OWES (valuer), submitted his monthly report of valuations and inspections in the township of Warring- I tom Mr Owen said he had surveyed the new buildings of the Langford Wire Co. Ltd, which were almost com- pleted. They were in partial occupation for experimental purposes only, and not for manufacturing: The case would be met by a temporary six months assessment of gross £75, rateable £57. The sing and Queen Inn. Pad- gate. flats house was now completed and occupied, gross £lOO, rateab'e £B5. Messrs Bishop and Co. Ltd. Works and Office, Dial Yard. Gross £2lO 103, rateable £l6B. This assessment was temporarily reduced to gross £lO5, rateable £B4. In the township of Newton-le-Willows--Mr Alex Brown, new house, Crow-lane, gross £37 10, rateable £33 10. The Earlestown Co-operative Society Limited, stabling,' stores and yard, School Street, Cross Lane, Earlestown, gross £6O, rateable £5l ; house adjoining, gross £l3, rateable £ll ; new shop, Earl Street, Earles town, gross £35, rateable £3O : house adjoining, gross £l5, rateable £l3; Messrs R Walton and Company,flint glass works, gross £63, rateable £5O. An appeal was made at the last meeting on the ground that the manufacture of glass had ceased altogether, and it was not to be resumed by the present owner. The works were occupied in finishing the stock of glass goods already made, and the engine and boiler were in use. Say temporary assessment of gross £45, rateable £36.

In the township of Rixton, Mr Adam Robertson, Rixton New Hall Farm, decreased to gross £422 103 ; rateable, £387. In the township of Croft Mr Owen reported that he was asked by the committee to look at some of the cottages in Croft which had low assessments. Ile found there were altogether about 125 cottages fin the town ship, and all except one were let at less then 33 61 a week. There were nine cottages cow empty, six of which were cottages which bad boen improved by their owners and for which 33 61 and 4s a week each was being asked and could not be obtained, and the other three were condemned. Some of the cottages were let as low as 1s 93 • week, but on visiting them he was. satisfied that the rent was sufficient for the accommo- dation and Condition.—Aaron Marsh, Deakin's cottage and stable, and 22 perches garden, Smith's Lane. Now £6 53 gross, rateable £5, should be raised to £ll Gross, £9 103 rateable. {The stables had been increased. Charles Stanly Smith, Heath House, house, stables, outbuildings and gardens ai acres, gross £5O, rateable £5l ; two cottages, each £5 gross,£4 rateable,occupied by own servants. The house and stabling were now occupied, and the cottages, which were converted out of an old house, would be occupied in a few days. The " Hermit Inn."—Tne present assemiment-7ros9 £26, rateable £22 —should be increased to gross £35, rateable £3O. Tea room had been increased in size.

The appeals of the Manchester Ship Canal Company on premises in Wrrrington. and of Richard Evans and Co. on mines and royalties in flaydoett were still under con.ideration by the Clerk and himself. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Stockton Heath v Oxton.

Strickton Heath played their second match of the season against Oxton at Oxton, Liverpool, on Saturday, They turned up with only ten men but Oxton kindly found them a substitute. The ground was hi splendid condition and a close and interesting game ensued. Stockton Heath were the first to score by means of Gandy, Oxton Equaliz;ng shortly afterwards. Half- time 1 all. In the second half Bond and Haitian Owen scored for Stockton Heath, Oxton scoring 1 goal, although a hot shot from the outside right was only inches short of equalizing. Final score : Stockton Heath, 3 goals ; Oxton, 2.

WARRINGTON. Foreign Missions. At the monthly devotional meeting of the Bold- street Wesley Guild held on Monday evening, the topic for discussion was "Foreign Missions," and short addresses were given by the Rev T Bishop and Mr Littler. The meeting concluded with short prayers by several members.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NATURE'S CHOICEST

===== 0002601_19011011_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
kAILWA

44;4 171 c tko_, p.'Qt!•ye 14-11.:4-a 1 --pow A: 7 17 11,9? kearr "Ye , ahe,te,, 4 22 1;911in '43,7 A I

4P.;t-t4,

1 4°74"' I Ls _rill

1147'. LO, 49, IL.. blind 7,Yerpooi '() 55,1:

eool 55. 'lrerpool 10, ii 9 18,1( 101 at

41kt 0 01 I d; 11 :ti , 14.14,11..?*. ton.

,“IL el d (Ik, 2 53.3 14, ' 2 35 3 43.5 0,9

ra.l:l

ter—

I . A 10,5 tolling 210, az, 7

VA''i'" ftstown-

lA4ton Bridge-7.10. 147.5 35,7 20. Sunda fifs4r luld Hillhouse 21. a 25, Sundays ! mlngham (L & :5. 5 20, 720 51. 2irnUYs eir!epted. 55 niingham (35id1ai „al 52. Sundays 1 °lsekburn -5 45, 8

- -- tY2 843, a 3 35,6 ,ialle,Pool-5 20, 8 110;,, 17, 8 50,9 20. F. Pl 7 ra.— 8 25; 9 2 C,47.2°, Sundfve, "810-5 20, 5 45. '335,954, ste-•-7 37 3 17, '22,5 7,6 4,744,

Green-7 5. 8, 7 40, 9 25. 10 21771'e—a2 58,b3 2 ,„ 3 11. 34. Sun( 1):;""1. blllondave 8,4 ,shury-7 37,9 5 I)2,,ays 44, a,m. 7 4; (lBidland)-5 5. 1152. Sun( 127 "esto% n-5 45, 1151,12 25 115.2 35,3 ,;10 30 Suudaye.7 i2'l3fidler's Ferry lc I 6 17, 8 0. 9 14e4shani-7 37. 9 5 Qv 10 14. Sunday !to u (Cheshire 1,801, 40 529 7 5 5, 11. 22, 2 39. 7 ''".Vs excepted. v--5 20.9 71] e-545, 75 ada a 8 43. 6 ireen-7 12, 29 6 15,7 15, 918. aSal 13 Cadishep 45, 10 14. 3 I—From Al 12 36. 1 14 lays 850, 3 (L. & IST . 2 7,12 25,2 5,5, 5 30, 1 Platform (From I 3 20,5 15,E (Cheshirt 2 21, 3 , Sundays 4 0 13. 10 43 t 50 rainut( (L. & N. W 0, 5 20, 6 excepted. (Midland)- 52. Sundays dondays accer (From Arple: M. 1 14 a 2 23 :" ,V„, 8 50, 388]i 7,1% 7ehester (L. 4..1,10 55,12 18. 8,9 20. 10 33. 16,7 am High Leve vso:4theater (From 5 a• 1049. 11 ;sB5O, 3 8. 81

(Chershir • 11 23. 11 55 125 'la'?.4 8 13, 8' 55 ,5 5, 771:6811 -'4ES-7 40,10 20;12

, 5512 25, 1 15 4¢ 920. 9 55, 10 30. iienyon Won k,fißate-7 0, 755, Pteii°,' 8 13, 9 15. p"( 41-5 29, 545 " 28 7 17, 850, aSaturdays only 30, 825 '10,F57 (for Penketh 1,11 40,529.611 441 2 39, 8 55, ,odaye, only. 7, 6 5: 7 5, 1 40, 5 20,

(Cheshire 7 15,92

3 15, 7 22, LB, 513. 7 )nly. Ir,

1,5 29,6 2 39, 9 1

andN.o 8 0. 9 41 0.5 45,7 5 ZA. Q

Atton Hrilree-6 30 Sundays 7 55, 4 42 Altear and Hillhouse 'tYs 9 20, 2 21. 8 1 °Mama (L. ,t 5 50,7 25. Sui ham MO 34 11 19. 1-8 30.10

a 9 13:; I I,:alCZaiaav lohntli 0. t ‘ll,,tekonol (Central ,48 15. Sunday Ay%

55, A 4,1 354 10 50. only.

a 125, 6 4 +Ns 12 5 A.T —7 2584. 15. 6 35, 7 : Green--6 35, 4,1, 5 115 p.m. • 445. 60.6 ). 85. 90 Iry —8 16, 1 45 p.m. .812. 935. 35. 7 30. 6 58,_

o.Sutidays

'Ferry & 54, rn-21 55 A 5 sA,a.m. 7 (Cheshire A 2, 4 O. 3 9,4 4' -100. 20. 44. 8

14441 b tip CWord 4145.1 P, Lev, 1 k I 42° II 4:11'5;144'1 I I

it' I 1115' Ito k WO I ,4ort tken . all-8 L: 11, ei 1 13;,tarday. c (C' 94 Jto itsid offereA ,ne. o.ot, pi3O 15,, 6,343ati- -10'4 001

===== 0002601_19011011_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tcrea

===== 0002601_19011011_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Gre°

SC°rl,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ItAIL WAY TIME TABLE

OCTOBER.

FROM WARRINGTON

IttPl Bridge-710, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10. 15. 2 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. 41:11d Hillhouss.-7 15 8 35, a 112,1 25, a 3 22.a40, g 6 15, 81,3? 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5,8 55. a Stops if requirect. 4444ngham (L a 2 53. b 3 23,7 10, 9,45 11 57 tic,4s, 5 20.7 20. 1133. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, 45,11 35 64.414Vsexcepted. /Mondays only 55141,12-f{ham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 37, 522 ` Sundays 11 15 a.m. 423.5 15 p.m 144441tburn -545. 8 35. 956. 11 50, 2 10. 4 50.6 23,8 50. aLl43's 843, a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston 123'4„kP001-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42. 1225, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, 1173; f 17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. 117`,4te,.!4- a 2&, 925, 1040,1214.115,332.426,643 Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 757 p.m. cwltsle-5 20, 545. 9 56 11 50. 1225, 210, 450,9 55. Sun- -01,°P5.9 54. 161te,„ 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31.12 33 1 40.2 15, 2.20 42 57 6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,1 1 35, '• Green-7 5. 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7, 2 35,3 40, 5 15, 7 40, 9 25. 1030. Sundays 6 43, 60. 04Dra-a2 58,13 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 23, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 20, 11 34. Sundays 258. 10 154 5.11 35. aMondays 641'rte4. /Mondays only. St4i.,e4bury-7 37, 95, )2 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57. 64, 744. 10 141 ht.';'4l's4s P.m• 'obY alidland)-5.51, 8 46. 958, 11. 55, 12 55. 3 7, 4 17 05.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m 12741e5t0,4 n-5 45, 75, 8 5,8 25.8 35,2g52D55, 3,7 Q 7 40,2 5 10 13,1020, 2,10 056' 25 115,2 35,3 40 3 50. 5 15, 5 ,1,4 30 Sundays.? 408 35,8 43.5..m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 0; p.m 147-,5:01's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25, 945, 11 53.1 55. 17. 80, 9 43. Sundays 9 5. 2 49, 3 0. 44°4411am-7 37, 95 10 23. 12 25, 220,315.422,57, 5 4 6v 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 746 P.m. a (Cheshir e Lines)-7 15, 757. 831.9 5. 10 512 0 5 529 75. 8 19. 5940. dlO 25.11 39 Suulays • 1322, 2 39. 7 10, 9 13. 10 18. dSaturdays only, 644454 excepted. ,(101,80w-5 20,9 71 15 50,12 25,2 10,4 50 9 55.3 a ays 957 14,rurne-5 45. 7 5.8 35, 1055, 1225, 1 15, 3 50, 20 714 Ho* Sunda s 8 43. 6 0. Green-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, a 9 30, 10 5. 12 0, 1 5 412i'5.5 296 15,7 15,8 0,9 25,1 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 9 0,931 ,4 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only /Saturdays exceptsd. 444,"`k and Dadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 8 45, 10 14. 315. 5 15. 933. It7htord-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 177119 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78. a 7 4 5 Li,. Sundays 8 50, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. ;'Mol (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51, 5 25. 75, 85, 8 35 44,1,4 55,12 7,12 25,2.35 3.405 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. 35 5, 5 30, 835. 8 43, 3 28. 5 10, 60, 9 54. From ti.v Level Platform. allondays excepted. I baerpool. (From Low Level Platform)-7 30. 825, 10 9 55. 320,5 15, 6 17,8 0, 953. Sundays 95. 2 40, 8 0 ,413:erPool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026, 120. I k „2 21, 3 37. 40. 64, 810, 911, 945. 10 20 -46. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 3, 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39. 7 10, 44,t .18,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to 01 at 50 minutes past the hour. Lq77• °l:4 (L. 74 N. W.)-2 583, a 3 23, 7 10. 3 23, 9 45,10 20, 0. 5 20, 6 22,11 34. cundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, , 1,,,Z4F8 excepted. aMondays only. '%"on (.Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58. 11 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22. 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays , 4,4 oMondays accepted. 4414 41„rti (Fro Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.9 15 `04544 38. 114, a 2 25, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927 14• .4„Y, 8 50, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only ;14 ',cheater (L. St N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 4J,10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15, 2 29,3 32. 4 26. 5 32. 6 43, ‘,Vit 8,9 20. 103). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. tta.ratn Nigh Level Platform. 4„4lLester (From Arpley Station)- 6 177 22, 7 57, 832 ,044 58. 1049. 1 14, 3 33, 411, 613. 78, 927, 11 40, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 'ooP.,4,l4ester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10,7 c't 23.11 55, 1255, 155,2 55, 3 55, 4 55,5 22 5 55. 3 55, 0, 8 13,8 55,9 15, 955, Sundays 845, 937, 10 14 ki4,,,5,5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35, 10 0. 4.i .44,0'510ch-7 40, 10 23. 2 55, 535.7 20. 4s, re-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 on4e-wlrm s— 33 10 545.7 S,B 5, g 35,a9 19. 10 20 ;05512 25,1 w .15 2 59. I 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 50. 520, 6 43. 444-i 55, 1030. Sundays 843 am 3 35. 61. 6 3,757 4„41.444 Kenyon /Mondays excepted `".7lBate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 40, 1035.11 23, 1220, 1 40,3 55 , • 8 13, 9 15: Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44, 5 15, 935 ▪ -529. 545. 835. 955, 1150, 12 25, 2 10. 350 • "za 71?, 850, 940 a 955. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 14 Saturdays only. ,14,11,e0rn-7 30 825, 945, 109, 1 55, 320. 5 15. 6 17, 8 0, po;k4oY (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11. 5, 12 0 1 5 -• 4t. 4 0. 5 29,6 15, 7 5, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 110 25, Sundays 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted /Saturdays tibteMoodays only. (C.L.C.) flield (Mid:and) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 .2 14,4 7, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, Relens- 7 5, 85, 8 35. 11 .0, 10 55, 1.1 53, 12 7 35 3 40, 5 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays 0 ',42"6t,,11P0rt,9 54(Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 3 33, 11 2, 125 6 15,7 15,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855, aSaturdays

23, '1.111.1.97411--6 15,7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,1236,1 1_4,2 01l lii 11,1411, 518, p 13.7 8.a7 45,9 2'lSundays,r Sundays, 8 50, 3 b. 818 sys only. FromrP A ley_Station. es (Cheshire Lines)-7 b 6, 95 105, 115, 12 0,,1 5, 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 75,8 10 925, a 9 40, 510 25. bun- Alt" 0.9 31, 2 39, 918, 10aSatiirday excepted. bSaturdays

ales ( L. andN.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, ;15,6 17, 80. 948. Sundays, 95, 243.80. Ma— 6 20,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 55,11 50,12 25. 1 15. 2 10 4 50,4 50,5 Q, Q Z 3,1 17,4 SQ. Q 40.9 85, SuadaYs,B 43, 0.9 54.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WAARINGTON rROll3t.

,ket •th, g 7 '3 r'n uO, 7 40, 8 52, 10 51,120, 335, 4 45.7 20 , Sundays 7 55, 4 42. Cltar and Hillhousa —ll 26.12 44, 2 45, 7 18. 8 24, 9 57, IZlrlaYs 920. 2 21. 8 22. uSaturdays excFmted elln„,4hlrts L. &N. W.l-3 10,5 50 720 S 11, 12 25. 2 ~ 5 50,7 25.4undays 310. 1240. 7 0. aThursdava only t4s7lllnelara (Midland)-6 5, 742, 850 1148. 125 2 45, ti° SO.lO 34 149, Sunday 415. am 40. 11 19 pm. tto'c,ktunM-8 30.10 44.12 30.1 55, 347, 750 Sundays. 8 0, kV 40, a 9 13. a via Preston l'3')°(3l (Talbot Road) —B5. 955, 1040. 11 401 40, 3 15, 11,1 (1,10 0. Sundays 7 25. 1 35 5 12. '44knool (Central) —7 25, 8 25.9 10.100,11 25, 15. 2 55, LuS 15• Sundays 7 10. 1 15,4 57,8 25. a leaves at 9on

55. 40 7 55, 835. 9 10. 10 25. 1 5.' 2 15. 415 8 35,a 10 50., Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a 6471.)vs only. jnle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40. 4 22, 5 55, 4-,26undays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0. 8 41.aMortlivs excepted. 14'06:ster--7 2513 45. 9 40. 10 12.10 50.11 40.1 55. 2 10, 30 tn,,?0,5 15, 6 35, 7 35,810.8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,655 Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24. 11 23, 12. 38 210. 35, 4, 1.5 38, 6 23, 6 38,7 47, 96, 10 46. Sunday 66.179. 7 15 p.m. 16,pwe--4 45. 6 0.6 30.8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 31, 2 25. 3 5 4151 ho 640. 85. 90. Sundays 455. 710. 245 4 10,921 tzrresbury -8 16. 1017. 11 27. 2 62. 5 53. 8 43. Sundays 7 45 p.m. by-8 12. 935:10 25.1 12.3 5.4 0, 4 47, 75 87, 935, Ova 335. 7 30.6 20. 655. alSxcepr, Mondays. I.Vestewn-6 58, 7 13. 8 46, 920. 9 45. 10 26, 11 26 12 50 1 42. t ',3, 314. 5 15. 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 920 a, 06 12 o.Sundays 8 33,9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a Saturday eidler's Ferry & renketh-7 12. 95. 940. 12 3, 29. 327 7j. 6 2.654. 9 14. Sundays 8 '2.2 57. 82. 9 1. 10 1. 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 536, 657.831 ft,,,,t4dsham-7 55 "klays 6 56.a.1T • 720 n.m• 4910..rstrn (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80. 90. 9 50. 10 48 12 0. 2 v.. 3 2. 4 49, 56. 5 56, 657. 3249 1 Sundays 10, 2 40. 3 9,4 42. 6 51. 8 54. ,„stlasgow-ro, 2 0.2 1, 6 55. Sundays 550,95. ,951h,,ji.n 6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 436 5307 12 I 1,4042 s vs 40. 75. 17;4811 a-reean-7 45.1315. 99. 103. 1055, 1.9 1302 25 21, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 15. Sundays 8 23. ' 4 910. tibln ARA ClidiPheßd (Central)-7 35 9 53.5 5, 8 50, 11 30 7,,,',6•Ys 10 59. 6 53. 8 40, 10 02 ,14fth1nrd 8 4, 840 9 29.102 11, 18, 1 20. al 45. 211 2,1" 7224 65' 41. 67. 6 49. 7 49. 42 1127. Sundays 23 3. aSaturdays only• b6aturdays excep teL 1'5001( ' leariestownl-a2 8 0.7 51.' 80, 8 35.9 25 ttiiro,l 5. 1704. 30. 4 50. 5 35.'7 5. 8 25.11 15. Sunday 01„'• 6 30, alandays only. ..b3aluirdays only. 541;,,391n des (L NW.)-6 21, 8 20. 95, 9 50,52 30, 125 4 20, 5 21.'6 5.8 3), alo 43, Suadsys 7 35, 2 1 0.7 15 uSaturdays only Qat 'Moo' (Cheshire Line ) 71 710 7 50.8 91 8 31, 840 510 10 11 15.11 20. 01 ". 11 50 12 30. 1 0.2 301 33 VI 4. 2 4.035 n a 10, 455 5 30.5 36, 6 35,7 33. 8 30. 8 58. 30 5nn0y..7'50., 9 0. 2 30.250 4 20 6 30, 8 31,8 35,9 40 112;1°n 11, &Ti 1.47)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15 4 15, 5 Bondsys 10 0, 5 30. 120. I;nti(midini--d)-s 15, 0.10 5.11 10 214 0. 5 645 113"e57d 315 12 0. aexcept, Monday.. 14-91 st 7 ict..zo cl n 954 11 8 11,1. al 37. 25. 251 ,25 - • "' S mda s 8 15,2 25 715 ''tarda .J. 5 F 9. 6 41, 7 41 9 33.11 19. °nlY• bSsturdsys excepted. 1.( Ches ter (L & Fr...w.)-7 45, 3.5, 8 30, 9 5 9 40 10 45 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20. 5 15' 60. 75, 80. 9 20, 10 40 2 41t",,' 4. 8 0, 8 30 '9 0, 60,10 40 Saturdays exeented: 41.10e0er tondon-roadl-7 25,750,9 25, bs b 5 5. 520. 65, 75. 10 35, 12 351 5a 4turdays exoeuted. aSaBtusrs,l‘lyo.4snnSirdays 7 3 1 40, eh'ister (Cheshire Line')-6 45, 720, 8 30, act 5. 9 3') t 6,5 1035. 1130.12 30, 12 50 i 3). 230. 330. 430. 630 638. 130 8 30. 8 35,10 0. 100. Sunday kldei 40.1 4 2 o,a 5, 6 358 20,9 40,a Saturdays only 74%rieveleh-6 48.2 66. Ittlitee,V 599 6, 7.1 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.Sundays.13 _l-6 55.7 15.8 42. 9 8.9 29, 10 9.10 22.11 8, 12 441 to 1.4 51. 5 10. 535 5 49. 627 7 10 80' 4 • 811‘11-lAos 31. 9 49,', 10 0,3' 40,720. ll 10 15, 12 30, 1 25. 42, 44' 6di 21 p.'81317---6 53. 756. 8 31, 9 37, 10 P.O. 11, 24. 1236, 1 40 10t 4 435 5 21.5 31, 6 22, 7 26. 86 9 32. Sundays, 837 4 161,:i. 923. 2 , 115 5,'1 55, 5 5, 70, a 8 20. -Sundays, 810 SIE, 4r?A`74 only. 9 '''''ll4-6 20 6 55, 13 0. 8 23. 9 0. 10 5. 11 10, 11 20, 12 59 )55 2 as 50. 4 30, 5 25,6 10,6 55, 7 25. 850 10 30,Sunday g ileeth;° .5. 9 5. 409rt-14 5, 1910.10 11,11 25. 2 5, 2 31. 3 55, 7 0, 8 5 4:11• Sundays, 90. 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. all-8 10, 836, 925, 958, 1112. 1 15,1 41,2 9 25

===== 0002601_19011011_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
,Rho„id EVERY WOMAN .end two stamps for our 32 Puce Illustrat ed B ook NtNi's'uir 'valuable information how all Irregularities and I:l,ap:tl64° rosy be entirely avoidel or removed by simpe 7Ze, aelotuusended by eminent Physicians, as the only .14t1,z,:r:' and Genuine Remedy, Never tale. Thousands of -4"aB. Ur P. BLANCHARD, Dalston Lane. London.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ITRIAL

ms. r°f` manchotectsi Dr, teams 0' 16 : • 00 WiP ) • Tom , !Lams (01100 rters ; D 1. Rangers)! s (0-,dharnl;etrr ow), W 1390104 w (Swinton rds. .mk;11 WP rrow), A ,Disr, (S wintonfr (01dham), ve Wigan), r„ci Vilkinsae 67vvor • nd r Fell (r Dickenson ji so •b), anaTos rters ; cvidao)' :rown ,ey (St flooo ee, J 0 on (St fie : ie.ll 01'310 patio,* itor's g at Ve;dili ar Vi aeri°g; 030 r accoun et-street, tee has ever, the Great' filled Witt' 6 1,".15 the head. o! ents of 130,70018 84. inu.ie!!

to!

- ditti# cn I,llc 00- laarainS, of 0001,0,0,; thz. Bfe't;iace 1 the are ve). th and Pa TO° 1101 o‘o, th and Ye , th and Toilet m • rOW,i•t•

_

entireT (love 8,1

^t tirne' S 014' iv, lA, E

r r g low theo follow.

0 Orti?; insfard',,s" s otair— jt 7-00 sonic Post

===== 0002601_19011011_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frod sham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Preseot.Wigan, Orme- k irk Wi dn Earlestoas n London, Foreiga, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

Chester " Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. W oolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

8-30 „ I r 9-15 ~ f

EARLESIOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE • High-at,, Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Ho ws of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1 Sundays 7 to 10 a.m. Box closes at 54) p.m. The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 81, ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. ..Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15,

- 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPATCHES

wing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp? Ordinary MAILS Extra Postage. .. Stamp

d. Ash•ton-in-Makerfleld,Rarlestown, Colborne, Lowton. & NVinwick. AU places south oif Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Bliekpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston. Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail ... •.. 10-35 a.m; Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NortbWaleS,Yrestott,St,fielens, Southport. and S „Ai Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfießl,Rarlestown, Colborne, Lowton Si Winwick Warrington, Manchester. Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ..„ Wigan. All Parts—Genera N:ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

1 -10 „

Z-15 p.m.

RECZIVTNG HotT_E,

2-20 p,m;

RECEIVING ROUSE— Earlestown

SIM-OFFICES— Ashton Collins Green *Golbotne Low ton Stubshaw Cross Winwick "Wargrave

3-10

Watt Roxas— ',..lCrow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-St., Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village ' Burtonwood , (Providenoe Place) parcelsare despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.rr me as letters.

8-10

SUB-OFFICES AND 1/V !IL Box :ABED AS FOLLOWS • WEEK-DIY,. Sunday 1045 a.m., 12-2, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9.25 a.m. and 5-55 n .m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 P.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., and 7p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 am.

from the Receiving Office! Hades- ;;.; from all Sub-Offices at

WARRINGTON.

Licensing Transfers. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, the following licensing transfers were granted : Sceptre Beerhouse, Winwick-road, from Elizabeth Bentley to Thomas Shaw; Royal Exchange, Golden- square, from Jane It Balton to Thomas B Malkia; off-licence, 63, Priestly-street, from W S Beecham to Norah Freeth off-licence, 33. Pinner's-brow, from John Flynn to Mary Jane Williams. Firewood Manutactory Burnt Down. At about half-past four on Sunday afternoon two men named Rylance and Hands, living in Glass- house-row, noticed that the premises in Factory- yard used as a firewood manufactory were in flames Messrs Crosfield's fire brigade was sent for, and some of the members soon put in an appearance,and commenced to play on the burning building,but the fire bad obtained a firm hold, and the manufactory wes completely gutted. Long Service and Good Conduct Medals. The War Office base published a list of non-com: rcissioned officers and men who have been awarded medals for long service and good conduct. Included are the following :—South Lancashire Regiment: 334, Colour-Sergeant E O'Brien, Sergeant C Ings.— Cheshire Regiment: 149, Sergeant F A Rallis, 83 Colour-Sergeant ji Facer.

FLORILITIE I—YO R THE TEETH AND BREATF/.- ThOrOnghy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 'la. 6d. for the liquid, or 11. per Jar for the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. Adtt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wel as promoting the growth. Price 23s 6d per bottle.--. 4 d To MoyuEns.—Mrs. Wine low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their shildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the r oorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and Produces natural oniet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as b,ight as a button." Of all Chemist* Is led Der bottle. Advt. CLARKE'S B:41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes tla. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendore through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland ,Counties DrugOompany• Lincoln.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
10-45 } 11-30 „ 1.11-45

} 12-0

12-15 p.m

2-15 , 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Order of Druids—Sir Gilbert Greenell's

Lodge. A satisfactory balance sheet in connection with the Sir Gilbert Greenall. No. 2103 of the Order of Druids (Walton District) has just been issued for the year ended September 7th. The funds on the year's working have increased by £l2B is 10d. More than £lOO has been paid to sick members. The income of the Sick and Funeral Account amounted to £456 5s 2i and the expenditure in sick pay and funeral oenefit £llB 7s. The balance in hand amounts to £337 188 2. There is also a credit I balance of £26 9e6i for the management fund.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
The Field Club:

The winter sessiOn.v;s:;.o"pe;;;;;;.n Friday evening Then Mr Charles White, lectured in the Museum Lecture Room to a good audience, "On the denuda- tion of the Secondary Rocks in the North-Western Highlands of Scotland." After clearly and care- fully defining the contents of his terms " denuda- tion," and" Secondary Rocks,' and pointing out that these latter had, in the region under review, , once exceeded a mile in thickness ; though since reduced to barely a fifth of that; he showed how the denuding action of frosi' wind and water. I would have swept away even that fifth, but for the protective covering of volcanic matter, which welling up through craters and fissures, in early Tertiary times, had overflowed large areas in , Ireland and Scotland. The lecturer endeavoured to I convey to his hearers some real notion of the vast I duration of the secondary period, by estimating the averge rate of denudation, and suggesting that that of aeposition bad been even slower. In the discussion which followed Mr White was cordially congratulated on the skill and success with which he had treated a somewhat technical theme in a manner" to be understanded of the people' Ths ee was a good one, and the club enters upon imtslt7itnhgwinter with unimpaired energy. The pro- gramme is varied and quite up to the high standard this society has maintained since its foundation.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. places It before those whom you( want to reacband goes direct to tt,e Public, keeps cur name before them, serves to make you et Mt &flown among tfrem, at a very small cost.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
r******6•••••••••••easeeal • Breakfast is often spoiled by • 4. the poorness of the Coffee. It Ican be made any strength by using SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee ; Essence. 77 :••••••••••••••••••••••••e•

===== 0002601_19011011_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGAGEhtI4ISA N°DI GEM

RING&

THOUSANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &e., of the Purest Quality,

At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free.

Brilliant, 45/-

Rubies,

(F-

-;',--7440110011** 'iv .!.4: , I'

(AM, 2s/- Brilliants, £l2 . 10s,

===== 0002601_19011011_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
v il 44t7. ~,T74^4) 'tc' ''' ' ''''' th..-- , s'o CI. .gr^f' 1:' 47.

Pearls & Sapphires, 25/- Brilliants, £3 Iss. Pearls

Brilliam —Brilliats, £l5 FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/-

LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD.

Gents' from 60/-

, t _ ' f 'tits, £7. 10s. Rubies and ' _ , Brilliants, .£lO. rilliants,Zror

===== 0002601_19011011_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S "IMPERIAL PLATE" & CUTLERY

Equals Silver, at One Quarter the Costs,

TEA SETS, CRUETS, WAITERS, SPOONS, FORKS, and TABLE CUTLERY of the BEST QUALITIES. For fail details, prices, &c., see

TrAENBON _ —.JOK OF WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, ENGAGEMENZ AO RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " AND SILVER PLATE, eze., &e. Post free.

NOTE rORDER FORM and PARTICULARS OF "TEE TIMES" SYSTEM OF PURCHASE, Post Free.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, Ludgate Hill, London.

r"'\ .1 i 1 • , A ..3 ~1?. , ~., tIo . f )1, —l, . .6.,.• :f.T.,..7.0.; 2• I t .2, "S BOOT'

':--- '`., ,c,i f.\\,115 • .7 CHAINS. SL

===== 0002601_19011011_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTI-1 A GUINEA A BOX.

Ar i • '.r. , t,' "..47 1 : -14 , , ,_ 0 , . ii, . : E ....,:. . , p ", f 11:1,111.4S •

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVE DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Consiipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver ik Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with lull directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
jaanufaotured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), LondoW.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
000Z0t.a..,4- __.......,g00000000000000 • • • • •• L_ :I FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, 9 I GOLF RUNNNG • 0 9 g , and ail SPORTING REQUISITES may be obtainec: of 81 wkla= W.. 40r

;V44.6•44-44.1.4.8%.G

The Cheapest, Best, and Most

[ouse in the Trad4

===== 0002601_19011011_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL SI. Leather Ear Guards. 1110. Cape, 2/11. Postat, _ .1011:4 12/8.. Football (Innis, from 12/- per set. Carriage eat, The" MCI VERS AI, Bouudary Sticks, with nags, 12/- per der. Carriage Men's, 51111 Boys'. 4/11 extra. The "FORWARDS," extra, light. Football Flags (any colour), 410 & 0/6, doz. Post. 3d. I Chrome, Bill Brass Inflators, time 100. Postage 34. and 64. Strong Web Football Belts, with double straps and Postaze, below 101-, 6d. extra. buckles. 1044.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
"7,

<Jr 24.1VE

10Cr= -00C10000

===== 0002601_19011011_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
.OCrE, Ztd.,X-1[07.413i

===== 0002601_19011011_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WANT OP THE DAIL MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. THE GREAT[ BOoN ever o feted to the Laundress br imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched Linen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider- web - like materials.

Once tried always wanted. Used in the

Royal Laundries. Should be used 11.1 house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers In Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. Canmatacr, Blackburn.

cRITcHLEY'S STARCH ciSS

===== 0002601_19011011_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Bent Ash ... „ Oak „. • (extra, Postage on

===== 0002601_19011011_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL JERSEYS.

Plain . . Colour, lin. or 2 in.

stripes. Chest 14 VT

22 2,4 ti 23 216 28 Stout Thread Itozby collars. White. 3:6; Other tte:Ovos

Carnagt

oLbt:

- -- Ise stated

.IST, X.CINXICIibr, E.C.

a

8

===== 0002601_19011011_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS.

COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago, Clout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone In the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried oft by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DE ROOS, LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. stall Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor, Bolford Howe. Holford-sausre. Lona,. • W.G.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS. =— Martial Law in Cape Colony,

A Lost Gun Recaptured.

Lord Kitchener reports the recapture of the seven- pounder recently taken from the South African Con stabulary near Routkop. Pursuing his retreat northwards, it is officially announced that Botha has crossed the Pivaan River Foiled in his projected invasion of Natal, the Boor Com- mandant-General has cDntrived to escape from the cordon of our troops. Martial law has been proclaimed at Capetown through out Cape Colony. The authorities at Capetown have been divided on the subject, but those opposed have bad to yield to the exigencies of the military situation. and to the urgent necessity of getting at the head cen- tres of sedition in the colony. Martial law will be enforced with all possible leniency, and business affairs will not be interfered with. That there will be a vig orous exerci3e of the censorship is not open to doubt.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Botha Hotly Pursued.

A message of Wednesday from Durban says that Botha is being hotly pursued by Bruce-Hamilton. General Hamiltcn has had several engagements with the flying Boers.

South Lancashire Losses in Zululand. The War Office has issued toe list of casualties among non-commissioned officers and men at Fort Itala in Zululand on the 26:h ult. The losses sustained by the 14 South Lancasnire Regiment were as follows :—Killed 5654 Private J Walk Pr. 3299 Private R Golding, 5798 Private R Keating. 3269 Private W Jones, 5544 Private E Pennington, 4470 Private W Ford, and 5073 Private C Crawford ; dangerously wounded, 3257 Private J Jack- son and 3334 Private E Bentman ; severely woundeei 5654 Private F Bradbury. 5537 Private J Fallon, 3107 Private F Clarke, and 3807 Lance-Corparal D Wilson ; slightly wounded, 3195 Corporal C Wintersgill. 3310 Private F Hughes, and 3972 Private CSML Duffy.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
KIDNEY AND HEART

--- - - - DISEASES. HOW THEY ARE CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. SYMPTOMS. I.—Have you a pain over the region of the kidneys? Is you back weak and stiff ? Is there an aching sorene39 in the back and shooting pains through the chest? 2.—Are you losing flesh? Have you headachea, with general lassitude, dizziness, weakness ? Do your ankles or limbs swell ? If so you are suffering from the kidneys which might lead to dropsy or Bright's disease. This is usually accompanied by a weak action of the heart. 3, Do you suffer from fainting fits ? Is your vision defective? Does your heart palpitate on the least exer- tion ? Are you pale and thin ? Is there a shortness of breath, with cold hands and feet? 4.—ls there a tightness in the chest, with shooting pains increased by breathing or exersion ? Is there a sense of choking or fullness in the throat, as if some- thing was rising in the throat ? Do you feel feeble, listless, lacking ambition and energy ? If so your heart is weak, circulation poor, vitality low, which will fre- quently be accompanied by stomach weakness and constipation. You require more blood, a stronger heart, better circulation, and greater vitality. For all these symptoms there is no medicine in Eng- land and Wales so effective as Veno's Seaweed Tonic. It is " the people's strengthener and health giver." A scientific remedy po3sesiing the greatest therapeutic value. It is made to act specificially upon the stomach, liver, kidneys, blood, and heart. A book relating to diseases and how to cure them accompanies each bottle. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC, but be sure you get it. Price is 14c1 and 23 9d. STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. Take VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. It stops an ordinary couch in one night, and cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, influer.z I, and whooping cough. Its Inuit superiority over the different emulsions and ordin- ary cough mixtures cannot be estimated. It has saved thousands of lives after they had been turned out of hospitals. It is a new scientific reinedy endorsed by medical men because it acts so speedily upan acute and chronic conghe, clears the bronchial tubes and gives perfect ease in breathing, and being a far superior remedy to any of the common, cheap syrupy mixtures now on the market. Veno's Lightning Cough Care contains ingredients never before used in Great Britain and which are of incalculable value, that is why it is so highly recommended. It already has the largest sale, Because it gives universal satisfaction. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE : don't let a dealer give you a substitute. Price is lid and 23 9d. Sold by Boots, Ltd, Warrington ; Peake, Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co, Runcorn ; Wallbridge chemist ; J W Jackson,chemie and druggist, St Helens, and all chemists and medicine vendors everywhere.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Oa Tuesday afternoon the fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse.—Present Messrs J Stoves (in the chair), A R Norman, J P (vice-chair- man), T Wood, J Douglas, the members of the Rural Council with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk), W E Bough (deputy clerk) and J Cunnah (master.) TENDERS.

Mr Linaker said that he had given notice at the last meeting with regard to the course adopted for the con- sideration of tenders. It struck him then that havine only ten minutes to consider the tenders by the iadivi- dual members of the Board it did not seem a business- like method of procedure. No commercial concern would consider the tenders in the way they did, and he did not see how they could arrive at a right decision with the short time at their disposal. On looking at the tenders accepted at the last meeting he found that one of the tenders had been accepted which was really the highest. A committee of 5 7 or 11 to meet say at 11 o'clock in the morning of the day the tenders had to be accepted could report to the Board meeting. Mr Ashton's clerk could also go through the tenders and see of they had been properly worked 'out. Any designing person could put certain figures down and work out the totals at lower figures thereby mak- ing the totals less than they ought to be. He moved that it would be much more satisfactory to appoint a small committee to be called the Contract Committee to examine the tenders.. _ .

'Mr Talbot seconded. Mr Norman asked would it not be well if the com- mittee consisted of the whole of the Board ? Mr Linaker said that a small committee could consider each tender whereas in the whole of the Board there were "two here" "and "two there" considering tenders all asking at once for the assistance of the master. Mr Norman thought it would be as easy to call the whole of the Board as eight or nine members. Mr Woods proposed as an amendment that the House Committee, which consisted of the whole of the Board, be called the Contract Committee and should be asked to meet an hour before the time of the Board to consider the tenders.At the last meeting the method adopted was a very slipshodjaffair altogether owing to the shortness of time. Mr Woodward seconded. There might be occasions on which some particular member of the Board might wish , to have a voice in some of the tenders. He would not then have the same advantage as those who bad been on the committee. Mr Linaker re-affirmed that the tenders should not be Considered in a limited time. They were spending rate- payers' money and they ought to do it to the best ad- vantage. On the amendment being put it was carried only the proposer and seconder voting for the proposition. The Clerk said that the coke tender was deferred at the last meeting. There was only one tender from the Frodsham Gas Company at 153 per ten. It was esti- mated that 50 tons would be required which would be more than £37 10. The matter was again deferred to a later date. A CROWDED HOUSE, It was reported that there were at present 158 inmates in the House against 134 last year which had caused the beds to be occupied. The Chairman asked if the weeding process wag going OD. Mr Mosely Williams replied that it was, and that with regard to the tire-escape, Merryweather's were going on with the work which had been delayed owing to one of their men taking a holiday.

This concluded the raeeing.

Local Military Appointments. The " London Gazette" of Friday night con- tained the following t—lst Volunteer Battalion the Prince of Wales's Volunteer Regiment', Supernu- merary-Captain A Edelsten to be captain on the Establishment on resigning the appointment of supply and transport officer to the Lancashire Volunteer Infantry Brigade, dated sth inst. 2nd (Earl of Chester's) Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel T J Smith is granted the honorary rank of colonel, dated sth inst.

TABLE. FLOOR. and HANGING LAMPS of every 41eacription.—J S GiaLaan,lronnionger. Bridge &Advt.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

A PENSION FOR Mn GARRATT RONA:ENE. After waiting something like 40 years, Mr Garrett Ronayne an Indian Mutiny veterantand an old resident at Earlestown, has at last received a notification from the India Office that he has been granted a pension as from the Ist October this year. Although the pleasant news has come so late in the day, the fact is none the less welcome to Mr Ronayne. P.S.A. The usual meeting of the Earlestown and Dis- trict P.S.A. Society was held on Sunday afternoon at the Co-operative Hall. The afternoon was devoted to a musical service which was given under the chairmanship of Mr E J George. Musi- cal items were given oy Miss Watkins and Miss Adams, recitations by Messrs Warburton and Williams. Mr Peplow was violinist and Miss Williamson presided at the piano.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLADY.

Hope oTE—arl-e-st-o-w-n--Lodge meeting was held in tha Co-operative Han, on Tuesday evening. Bro. Williamson C.T.,presiding. Bro. Woods L.D ,read Digest of No. 1 Convention to be held at Widnes. Also a circular letter regarding a week of self denial. The evening's programme being " News- paper cuttings on drink's doing" was commenced by singing ode, " Pleasant are the ties now bind- ing," by the members. Cuttings were read by Bros. Newman, Warburton, Cutler, Clarke; Sister Naylor, Bro. Williamson, Bro. Woods, Sister Woods, Sister Mrs Woods. Afterwards arrangements were made for visiting the Hope of Sutton Lodge.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

TEE MAYORALTY.

The Mayor of St. Helens (Mr Alderman .1 Forster) has informed Colonel W W Pilkington, who is at present in the United States, by cable that the members of the Council were unanimously desirous that he should be Mayor next year, and Colonel Pilkington has replied signifying his acceptance of the position.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

At the monthly meeting of the District Counci this week the members had an opportunity of bearding the Chairman of the Water Committee and getting from him some explanation of the recent failure of the water supply. From what he stated, the inhabitants can again breathe freely as it seems the failure was only of a temporary nature, duerifrom accidental causes, and cannot b 3 any means be taken as indicating that the Council have made a serious blunder in their water scheme. It was the current topic that the undertaking was a failure, but if we are to accept the report of Prof. Boyd Dawkins, as correct then the people are wrong in their theories, and the Council are right. The Professor says" I am of opinion that an ample supply for the future needs of the district may be obtained within he area of the present site of the waterworks." There is some consolation in this, and perhaps the fault lies not with the water, but with the machinery used in obtaining it.

The Chairman of the Gas Committee was also on his defence in connection with the quality of the gas supplied to the neighbourhood, which is really very bad as an illuminant. Mr Emmett brought the question forward and he was backed up by Dr Latham. An object lesson was the illumination of the Council Chamber, and Mr Emmett, said from that they would be able to see what kind of gas they were getting. A walk through the district will convince anyone that the illuminating power of the gas is not what it ought to be, but it seems something is being done to ascertain where the mischief lies. Perhaps when the Light Railway is an accomplished fact in the district, we shall not have any need for the gas.

The Council Chamber has become richer this week by the hanging of the late Colonel McCorquodale's portrait which has been presented to the Council by Mr A C McCorquodale and has been gratefully ac- cepted by the Council. With the exception of Mr Emmett none of the members of the Council sat with Colonel McCorquodale on the old Board of Improvement Commissioners, but Mr Emmett paid an excellent tribute to the deceased gentleman for his tact and peace loving qualities. It is fitting that the portrait of a former chairman of the local governing body should occupy a place of honour in the Council Chamber, and though he may not be present in body, the influence of his photograph I may guide his successors to a right conclusion in the discussion of any knotty points which may arise.

Such a glorious time for organi.its in Earlestown and Newton has not been known before. Before the end of the year, no less than three organists will be required The Congregational Church organ is vacant, the Wesleyan organ will be vacant in about a month hence, and the organ at St. Peter's Church, Newton, will require a new official 1)3. the end of the year.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Football was at -a--diSC-o-u-nt in Earlestown and District on Saturday, none of the clnbs having a match at home. Earlestown played the first round of the English Cup competition; paying a visit to the new St Helens Town Club. This was the second time Earlestown have met St Helens Town at St Helens, the first occasion being the first round of the Lancashire Senior Cup, when they were defeat- ed by two goals to nil. On Saturday they again received their quietus, and no doubt they will by this time have a lively recollection of the Townites in cup ties. Although defeated by two goals to one Earlestown were decidedly unlucky to lose, the winning goal being scored whilst the backs were clustering round the referee, fruitlessly claiming for offside. Dawson failed to put in an appearance and the Earlestown front rank was considerably disorganised thwreby. The most fitting result of the game would have been a draw, as in the play Earlestown were every bit as good as their oppon- ents. The Town were more dangerous when they got near goal, their forwards never hesitating to stoot when a favourably opportunity presented itself. A regrettable incident occurred during the game, Barlow and Limond having a regular prize fight, the intervention of the referee being occasioned.

Newton will have good reason to remember their visit to Rhyl under the auspices of the Combination this season, as after being all over their opponents right through the game, the Welshmen ran out winners by eight goals to one. This is the sec erest thrashing Newton have received for some time,and the recent performances of the Nursery Park brigade renders it all the harder to understand: To-morrow Chirk pay them a visit and Newton will have to play a vastly improved game if they are to retrieve themselves in the good books of their supporters.

To-morrow Earlestown are again without a match and on Saturday week they play their first home League match, Stalybridge Rovers being their visitors. It is ho ped that their supporters will turn out in large nu mbers to welcome them, as the club has been put to a great expense, playing so many away matches at the commencement of the season.

WARRINGTON. Buckley•street Band of Hope.

• The lint entertainment of the season in connec- tion with the above society was held in the school- room on Monday evening. Mr: J Palmer occupied the chair, and gave a short address. An excellent programme was arranged by Miss E Plinston and Mr A Trow consisticg of solos,recitations &c. Solos were rendered by Mr W Richardson, Miss Lilly Fairhurst and Miss Duckworth. Mr E Taylor gave a cornet solo. Me reciters were : Misses Cross, Horton, E Scott, L Smith, and N Bramhall. Miss Cross recited "Farewell to the bottle" in a splendid manner and Misses Lily Fairhurst and Duckworth were heartily encored. Mr A Trow accompanied at the organ and Miss P Plinston at the piano. Much amusement was created by a dialogue entitled "Mr Spooner 's clients." A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Miss E Plinsten and all who assisted to make the entertainment a success, and a few ap- propriate remarks by Mr A Jennings and Mr R Fogg brought a highly creditable, and encouraging gathering to a close.

OLD FALSE TEEM BOUGHT.—Many people have old or disused false teeth. Send your teeth to it LI mad J B Fraser, Ltd.. Princes street. Ipswich (estab. 1833), and they will remit the utmost value by return, or make You beet offer. Largest and oldest buyers of old false teeth In the world.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901

advise that a well be carried down to a depth of 2101 t., Ithat it be 10ft. in diameter, and that it be connected with the boring by adits, driven trona the bottom of the shafts. If this be carried out the present • yield will be Most probable more than doubled, and amount to more than 500,000 gallons a day. It is improbable that the supply trom this site will be affected by coal mining in the near future if at all. The objection applies more or less to all sites on the Triassic sandstone which are available for the water supply of the district. I see no advantage in abandoning this site in which water has been proved, for another further off, which may be opposed, and may have to be fought through the Houses of Parliament at considerable cost. I am, dear sir, yours truly. W. BOYD DAWKINS." The Chairman said be wanted to express the regret of the committee at the recent breakdown at the water works. It had been an unfortunate breakdown and bad caused great annoyance to the consumers of water in the district The committee and tneir engineer took immediate steps to rectify it and he was pleased to say they had overcome temporarily the difficulty. There were still defects, not only in the machinery, but in the supply, but the committee had passed resolutions to obtain the sanction of the Local Government Board for borrowing money.to complete the scheme and an inquiry would shortly take place. They had also applied tor a large sum to lay new mains so that the distribution of water would be improved. He had to acknowledge in the name of the committee the courtesy of the London and North- Western Railway Company in coming forward in the emergency and supplying the deficiency in the water supply. Mr Gilmour contended that the people who had had the water supply shortened were not given sufficient notice.

Mr Barton said notices were sent cu/*. Since Saturday the whole of the district had been amply supplied.

The minutes were then passed. 4 HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE.

_ A letter was read from the Clerk of the County Council stating that the Main Roads and Bridges Committee are of opinion that in view of the proposed tramways to be constructed in this district, the com- mittee cannot increase the offer of £650 made to this Council for the ordinary maintenance and repair of the main roads in their district. A letter was read from Mr A. C Leslie (Lord Newton's Estate Agent), stating that ,he would be glad to meet a deputation from this Council to discuss the question of the fencing of Thompson's Pit. it was resolved that the matter be referred to the repre- sentatives of Wargrave Ward and Dr Latham. A letter was read from Mr T Orman& the hon. snore - tary and treasurer of the Win wick Educational Foun- dation, with respect o the tipping of rubbish on land in the occupation of Mr James Berry, Penkford Farm, Newton Common, stating that the Governors will not offer any objection to the Committee using the pit in question for tipping dry rubbish providing the Council will undertake to protect the hedge and ditch which is their boundary on the south side of the disused pit, and put in, or let the tenant put in, at the expense of the Council, such drain pipes as may be required to carry off all the surface water from the land. It was resolved that the thanks of the Committee be given to the Governors of the Winwick EduJational Foundation for 'allowing the pit in question to be used as a tip, and that the requirements contained in Mr Ormand's letter be carried out by the Council. - The Clerk submitted to the Committee his correspon- dence with reference to the pollution of Millingtord , Brook. He also read a letter which be received from Mr C S Bennie, Clerk te the Golborne Urban District ICouncil, on the 23rd ultimo, stating that something bad been done to bring about a very marked change in the ' state of the brook, as he was surprised to tied the stream so clear at the Golborne Mills on the previous day. It was resolved that the Inspector of Nuisances be directed to report to the next meeting of ttois Com- mittee as to the state of the brook.

The Surveyor was also directed to report to the next meeting of this Committee as to the state of SAnkey Brook before it enters this district, and also to report as to the advisability or otherwise of the Council adopting some warn carriage systern,aad also which system is the best adapted for the district. • A circu'ar IFtter was read from the Local Government Board with respect to the Isolation Hospital Act, 1901. It was resolved that the Isolation Hospital Suli•Com- mittee be requested when considering the question of the provision of an Isolation Hospital for the district to consider the advisability of the provision of a joint hospital by this and other districts. The Chairman moved the adoption of the minutes and they were agreed to. THE SITUATION OF THE MORTUARY.

A circular letter was read from the General Manager of the Lancashire Electric Power Company offering to supply electrical energy in bulk to the Council. A letter was read from the Coroner (Mr S Brighouse) stating that at an inquest held recently at the Town Hall, Earlestowa, the jury added a presentment to their ver- dict that " they are unanimously of opinion that the mortuary arrangements at present are very inconven- ient." It wai resolved that the Clerk inform the Coroner that the Council, before erecting the mortuary in 1838, very carefully considered the question of the site. and were then, and are now, of opinion that the site is a convenient one to meet the requirements of Newton-le-Willows and Eirlestown. A letter was read from the secretary, Census Office, London, enclosing a statement respecting thehouses and populttion enum- erated in this district at the Census taken on the Ist April. 1901. This showed that the population numhored 18,699 persons, divided into 8,891 males and 7,808 females.—The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
NEw roN URBAN COUNCIL.

The Water Difficulty. The monthly meeting of the Urban District Council of Newton-in-Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Monday evening, Mr Collingwond pre- sided and there were also present: Messrs C B F Barron, J W Emmett, J P, N Siddeley, W Gilmour, .1 Smith, J Simpson. Dr Patterson, Dr Latham, W Thomp- soo,E T Evans. T Ormand, with C Cole (clerk),A. Bo we (surveyor), and H 0 Timmins (gas and water engineer.)

===== 0002601_19011011_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING'S ACKNO-WLEDGMENr.

_ A letter was read from the Homo Office stating that the Council's loyal and dutiful address of condolence with his Majesty and the Royal family on the death of the Empress Frederick had been laid before the King and his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE COUNCIL.

The Chairman announced that Mr A C McCorquodale had presented to the Council a portrait of the late Colonel McCorquodale who was chairman of the Board of Commissioners from 1865 to 1879. He would ask the Clerk to unveil the portrait. The Clerk having done so it was seen that the por- trait was a life-size likeness of the late Colonel, and it was generally admitted that it was an excellent por- trait.

The Chairman said the Council was now in posses sim of portraits of all the former chairmen of that local authority. He thought they ought to thank Mr MeCor• quodale very sinc,.relv for his gift. (Hear hear.) Mr Gilmour hoped they would have the portraits of a I few more _

Mr Borron seconded the proposition of thanks to Mr McCorquodale for his gift to the Council. The late Colonel McCorquodale was chairman of tie old Board of Commissioners for a considerable period, and although be (Mr Borron) never sat under him, he knew that Colonel McCerquodale conducted the business of the district in a very able and satisfactory manner. It was an gdmirable portrait of C)Ionel McCorquodale as he (Mr Borron) knew him in that district. The services rendered by Colonel McCorquodale should be an incentive to all the members of the Council to follow in his footsteps Mr. J. W. Emmett remarked that he was pleased to state that:he:was a member of the Board of Commisßioners at the time Colonel McCorquodale was cnairman. He remarked that the Commissioners were very sorry indeed when Colonel McCorquocit.ls tendered his resignation. He was asked to withdraw it and he did so for a time, but at last he felt compelled to sever his connection with the Commissioners. He (Mr Emmett) did not think he ever met a more gentlemanly man. Whenever a breezo sprang up at the meetings Colonel McCorquodale was always the first man to pour oil on the troubled waters. The portrait was a very good one indeed, and he was sure the Council would be pleased to see it hanging in the Board Room. The resoluthn of thanks to Mr McCorquodale was carried unanimously. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

A circular letter was read from the director of Educa- tion for the County of Lancaster, stating that the County Technical Instruction Committee was prepared to recommend a grant of £l6l to this Council in aid of technical instruction for the year 1901-2, and enclosing form of agreement to be entered into. It was resolved that the offer of the County Technical Instruction Committee be accepted, and that the Council be recom- mended to order its common seal to be affixed to the agreement. A letter was read from the Cletk of the County Council stating that the County Technical Instruction Committee had considered the sohema sub- mitted by this Council for spending the amount allotted to Newton-in-Makerfield out of the Special Grant of £2,000 voted by the County Council to Urban Districts for special purposes. The Clerk having reported that the amount allotted to this district—v;z. £94—had been paid by the County Council to the treasurer of the Council, it was resolved that the Finance Committee be recommended to pass a cheque in favour of the Viaduct Institute Technical Instruction Committee for the sum of £94. _ .

... ......,-. Dr Patterson moved the adoption of the minutes which were agreed to. GS COSINIITTEE.

Mr. Emmett called attention to the quality of the gas and stated that he had reeeived severai complaints. The illuminating power of the gas had been very bad indeed. He could not understand it because it was good one night and bad another. Some explanation ought to be given. Dr. Latham alio complained of the quality of the gas. Be moved a resclu'ion in committee that the gas should be tested at periodical intervals, but the resolution was defeated. If it had been accepted there would have been no cause for complaints fro:n outside because any- one having cause for complaint would know that the gas was tested and would be • able to see what the illuminating power was. Mr. Thompson did not understand why the matter had been brought up again because the engineer bad been instructed to prepare a report for the neat meet- ing,. He did not want the public to think that tests were not made because they were made, but not in the way that Dr Latham suggested. Mr Emmett said there had been no improvement since he mentioned it before.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
The minutes were then passed. TfIE WATER SUPPLY. ENCOURAGING REPORT BY PROFESSOR BOYD DAWKINS.

A letter was read before the Water Committee from Mr F W Webb, 'superintendent of the locomotive department of the London and North-Western Railway, Crewe, stating that in Consequence of the Wigan Cor- poration having cut off the Company's supply at Wigan the Company would require the whole of their water from Parkside,and that they would not be able to supply the Council with any after tho 15th September inst. The report of the engineer for the past month was read, from which it appeared that the clacks, bucket, of No. 2 borehole had during the night of the 22a,1 inst., got disconnected from the pumping-rod, and that he had ordered Messrs See and Company to at once take the necessary means for putting the borehole into work- ing order. It was resolved that the action of the engineer be approved and adopted. The Chairman reported that he had directed the engineer to at once see Mr F W Webb, at Crewe, with respect to the obtaining of a temporary supply of water by the London and North-Western Rail- way Company and his action was approved. The Clerk submitted to the committee print of the Local Government Boar's provisional orders confirmation (No 2) Act, 1901, confirming the Provisional Order for extending the borrowing powers of the Council under the Newton Improvement Act, 1855, for purposes of water supply. The following report of the proceedings of the meet- ing of the special water committee held on the 6th insh was read and adopted :—That the boxes for containing the specimens of rock, &e, encountered in the boring operations, and at present kept at the Town Hall, be delivered to the ens,ineer at the gasworks. That the engineer obtain a quotation from Messrs It Evans and Co., Ltd., for the supply of cal to the Water Works, at the rate of about 20 tons per week to the end of May, 1902, and that the same be submitted to the next meet- ing of the Water Committee. That the Special Water I Committee be requested to make arrangements for as- certaining the quantity of water pumped daily from each of the two boreholes, and of the quantity supplied to the inhabitants ot the district.

Professor W Boyd Dawkins D.Sc.F.R.S. presented the following report on the water supply. " I beg to send you the results of my examination of the district and of all the evidence which I have been able to collect as to the supply of water on the site of the present water works. The Triassic sandstones of the district are highly charged with water which is gravitating seawards tram the higher to the lower levels. They are of considerable thickness,the lower divisionmenetrated by the bore holes at the waterworks being 504 feet thick. They occupy a very large area, amounting to many square miles, ranging northwards as far as the South Lancashire coalfields, and eastwards in the direction of Manchester. The rocks on the site of the waterworks form part of this area,ranging northwards and eastwards f,3r several square miles. It is impossible to define this exactly because it is impossible to isolate this district from the general area. Tne amount of water percolating into the rock from the rainfall is enormous. One inch of rain over a square mile of surface represents a daily supply of 40,000 gallons, and as in these rocks it is not less than 10 inches, that figure multiplied by ten. The two boreholes at the waterworks yield between them 247,000 gallons per day, and although they are not more than 100 feet apart they do not draw upon one another. When the pumps are at rest t..e water is at 35 feet below the surface, while the pumping level is in No 1 borehole 210 feet from the surface m 95.5 feet, and in No 2 borehole 150 feet. There are several wells in the immediate neighbourhood which draw upon the supply of water in these lower sandstone rocks, of which it Is only necessary to quote 2. One, the London and North Western wells at Park Side, 10 feet in diameter, penetrate these rocks to a depth of 100 feet 6 inches. From this point a borehole is carried down to a depth of 457 feet. The the supply fo rest of the hthte:atNerewisto2nl ,feet from the surface, and the daily yield is about ps6a7r;eorowoorts sao derived alilorlsle dTewov' h ed from the same rocks, and the yield is about 432,000 gallons per day. Both these wells are about half a mile from the site of the) water- works. and have no appreciable effect on their water level. It may be concluded, from the fact that neither of these wells draw on the boreholes at the waterworks that the water stored up in these rocks is not being depleted by excessive pumping, and that the water per- colating into them from the rainfall IS more than suffi- cient to meet the demand made upon them. It may also be inferred that the supply 'alit be permanent from the fact that the exceptional drought has left no mark on the present yield. From the consideration of all these facts lam of opinion that an ample supply for the future needs of the district may be obtained within the area of the prosent site of the waterworks. I would

===== 0002601_19011011_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASE OF SALARIES.

The Finance Committee recommended that the follow- ing report of the staff committee be received and adopted, viz : Tte engineer submitted his report an to the duties of the gas foreman and the clerk at the gas- works. He also submitted his report on the system of working at the water pumping station. It was resolved that the engine:cr be directed to prepare and submit to this committee a supplementary report, dealing with the proper supervision of work done outside the gas and water works, and that another suitable man be selected from among the men employed at the gas works, to be specially trained as an additional relief engineman at the pumping station, so that he may, when required, take charge of the engine and pumps at the water works, and b 3 held responsible for efficiently and satisfactorily discharging the duties whilst there and to relieve one of the enginemen from duty each alternate Sunday, and at other times when necessary, and that the ordinary rate of wages to be paid to such man be left to the Chairman of the Gas Committee: The staff sao-committee recommend (lst)—to in crease the salary of Mr C Cole, as Clerk to the Council, I from £l6O to £2OO per annum,the increase to date from I the Ist September instant ; (2nd)—ln view of the work I which was done between the date of the death of Mr D R Lloyd (Engineer and Manager at the Ge s and I Water Works)aod the appointment of Mr H 0 Timmins, the present Gas and Watch. Engineer, by the Surveyor (Mr A Bowes), the Clerk (Mr C Cole) and the Cris Foreman (5.h. J T Hoggard) they be paid the following honorariums, viz ;—Mr A Bowes, 25 guineas ; Mr C Cole, 10 guineas; Mr J T Hoggard, 10 guineas ; (3rd)— to increase the salary of Mr W Gorse, clerk in the Collector's Office,from £9O to £lOO per annum.—These minutes were agreed to without comment.

" REPREHENSIBLE" CONDUCT. , Dr Latham called attention to the miserable attend ance of members on the School Attendance Committee The attendance of children at school was a most import ant matter and yet there was considerable difficulty in raising a quorum. He did not know what those members thought who were in the habit of staying away, but he thought their conduct was renrehensible. It was a disgracethat any member who took the respon sibility of office should be afraid to come to the meetings of the committee and hear the cases brought forward. He had heard the Chairman of the committee begging the members to come and yet they could hardly raise a quorum. Mr Gilmour considered that the conduct of some members was " disgrazeful." There was no difficulty in getting members to attend the Council when their names would appear in the public press. At the last meeting of the School Attendance Committee a police- man had to be sent out; to get some member to come to form a quorum. Mr 13 m•ron thought the members had such great con- fidence in the ability of Mr Orrnand to conduct the business of the committee that they thought it unnecessary to attead. Mr Ormand complained that three members of the Council were exempt from atttending the School Attendance Committee, namely. Mr Coiling wood, Mr Emmett and Mr Arthur Smith. He did not want the outside public to think that Dr Latham's remarks re- ferred to those three gentlemen. At the meeting on the previous Monday there was great difficulty in forming a quorum and the business was delayed. He thought the discussion might do goo.d Mr Evans said he was under the impression that he was exempt from attending the committee.

- TETE ACCOMMODATION AT THE RAILWAY STATION.

The Clerk stated that he wrote to the London and North-Western Railway Company asking what steps were being taken in the matter of providing improved accommodation at the Railway Station. He had received a reply sating roar the matter bad not been lost sight of and was still under consideration.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPROVED POSTAL FACILITIEi.

The Clerk atated tlaat ho had received a communica- tion from the Postal autharities stating that a sub-post office would be open at Newtoa C)112[1:130 from the 15t October. This was all the business.

The GLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY. Situate In the finest Whisk,-producing District of Scotland, is the property of W. &A. ailhey. This Whisky is made entirely irom home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W. ft Clilbey's agents in every town at 3s. 6d per bottle.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON (JAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovahst."

The team Warrington sent to Leigh on Saturday was thoroughly well beaten by twelve points to three points and if a better fifteen cannot be put in the field when one or two regular player!' happen to be absent then it is quite certain, that amngton will soon be progress- ing (?) towards the bottom a the League. The weakness was most apparent at half back and forward. Everywhere else Warrington can be relied upon to hold their own, but in the first and second lines there is a woeful lack of strength. Of course the absence of such men as J. Swift, Burgess, and Scholtze makes a• differ- ence, but then a club like Warrington is surely expected to have at command decent reserves to fill the places of two forwards and a half back. Unfortun- ately they have not. The forwards on Saturday were, as a set, a disgrace to any Northern League team, while the halves were a long way below class.

I am not alluding to or blaming the men individually. They did as well as could be expected and the fault is not theirs. Take Boardman and Fell out of Saturday's eight—and one of them was idle through injuries half the game—and there is not another man anything like heavy enough or big enough for forward play and not all of them are smart enough by a long chalk.

When Warrington have their full tearn in the field they are practically—and I say it without reserve— playing all the good men the Club possesses. The paucity of reserves is scandalous, and if the committee cares to face facts they will just imagine for a minute the state of the team should Isherwood, Fish, Hallam or any of the backs get disabled. Class backs are diffi- cult to obtain I know as well as anyone and I make full allowance for this fact. Yet they must be got. Of forwards there is no such dearth and it is no credit to the Club that they have so few scrimmagers worthy of playing in Northern League football. They are not grown in Warrington, but they can be imported like Fell and Edmondson—two of the best—were last sea- son. And why have they not been? There was more than one good forward left at Askam who could have been signed on for Warrington and who has since gone to Hull and other places. Even now an enterprising committeeman could, I am sure, pick a quartette of strapping young fellows from some of the Cumberland junior clubs who would train up into really good men. It is not difficult to make a good forward out of a man if he only has the physique. Let us see some evidence of the management's energy before this season's pros- peers are blighted,

Of late I have not said much in the way of criticism, though like the parrot I have "thought a lot." I have not even seen the "A " team play this season, but good judges tell me there is not a good forward in the whole bunch doing duty, and I know very well that, bar Ratcliffe or, Hockenhall, there is certainly not a back worth trying should need arise. The Club is worse off for players now than ever it was, even though it can put a good fifteen in the field when all are available. They are not always available, and it is no use bilking the fact that without them, or good substitutes, the chances of the team are absolutely nil.

Having got these few items off my chest, so to speak, I can deal more calmly with Saturday's encounter. To begin with it was played in a gale of wind which con- siderably upset the teams when they faced it. War- rington had its assistance in the first half and obtained a try instead of at least four from chances which went a begging. As a rule Warrington do not throw much away, but on Saturday they were generous when they could least afford it. Isherwood (2), Hockenhall (1), and the forwards (1) all muffed glorious openings, while to complete the chapter, in the second half Hallam made two mulls, which gave Leigh two tries. Added to all this they were beaten hopelessly in the scrimmage even before Boardman retired through his knee giving way. Naturally, therefore, Warrington lost the match.

When Leigh got the wind at their backs they soon showed that they were going to wipe off the odd try in less than no time. Molyneux commenced by dropping a goal, then Dunbavin scored a try, followed by Davies and Dunbavin converted. The same resourceful youth also dropped a further goal from centre and in the course of about a quarter of an hour Warrington were face to face with a score of 3 goals 2 tries. Leigh simply ran all over the Warrington defence and then eased off a bit while Warrington bucked up pluckily. There was no more scoring. but Warrington were soundly beaten, the score at the close just about representing the superiority of the Leigh team.

There was only one department of play where War- rington could claim any advantage and that was three- quarter. The home quartette was no match for the Warrington four either in speed or combination and this was the cause of the Warrington line only being crossed twice. Harris andDickenson played splendidly Fish and Isherwood also doing good work, though the latter was not at his best. Hallam was very unsteady, in fact.he was not like the same full back. Saturday must have been his "off-day." The Leigh forwards were splendid. They pushed the scrimmages and followed up in a style which will cause opposing teams some anxious moments They appeared to me to be the best all-round lot Warrington have met so far. The veteran Woodward is of decided use in the pack, and the others are all big fellows. Dunbavin was about the best back on the held. To a team like Warrington he would be worth a fortune for he can pass if it is necessary. Pearson was no better, though luckier, than Hallam, while Johnson was the best of the threequarters.

Needless to say the Leigh folk were hugely delighted at the success they gained and talked very loudly -of their prowess, but Warrington could beat them with a full side, and I hope to see them do it in the return engagement.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
The League table up to date is as follows :

For Against PNV L D C 4 T PT'S G T PTS Oldham Broughton Rangers Hull Runcorn Leigh 5 3 2 0 ... 8 6-34 ... 3 4-18 ... 6 l*Warrington Hunslet *Swinton *Salford Bradford Brighouse Batley Huddersfield Halifax 2 0 2 0 ... 0 0— 0 ... 6 7-33 ... 0 *rwo points deducted for breach of professional rules. " Twinkle, twinkle, little star," etc.

llunslet escaped being starred last .week owing to their offence dating back to last season, but they have little to congratulate themselves upon for another charge still hangs over their heads. The second charge is one of signing on T Walsh after the player had signed for Birkenhead. Of that offence the club have been found guilty, and are to be reported to the General Committee for having committed a breach of Professional Law 11. If the higher court confirm the ruling, they will, no doubt, treat blunslet like the other guilty clubs.

Yorkshiremen obtained one crumb of comfort as the result of the week end matches, Bradford rather unex- pectedly defeating Salford, and thus obtaining the I second success achieved by a Yorkshire club against their rivals across the border. On the other band Run- corn and Oldham defeated Hunslet and Brighouse Rangers respectively very easily, and the record of matches between clubs in the respective counties now stands at fifteen victories for Lancashire ; two for Yorkshire.. The latter have thus a lot of lee way to make up. As was expected, Hull were just too strong for Halifax ; while an equally close match was seen at Swinton, where the colliery villagers were beaten by Broughton Rangers, who had only a point to spare. Oldham still lead, with five consecutive victories, Hull being the only Yorkshire club within measurable dis • tance of them.

The Swinton committee met on Tuesday evening and selected the following fifteen to represent them in the, match witlt Warrington :—A Chorley, back ; J T Lewis R J Messer, R Valentine, captain ; and Vernon Hemp. son, three quarters ; D Davies and A Williamson, half- backs ; J Preston, J Jones, J Evans, H .Barnett, C Pollitt, T Pomfret, E Vigors, and G Harris, forwards. Reserve, It Tickle. It will be seen that Morgan has been left off at half back, Williamson taking his place ; whilst Vigors takes Blackburn's place amongst the for- wards.

The Lancashire County trial game for the match with Cheshire on the-26th inat. will he played on Wedhesday afternoon at Wigan. J Fish has been chosen to play wing for the Probables, while Hallam (full back) and Fell, forward, will appear on the opposite side— Possibles. Dickenson is reserve centre three-quarter.

Buckley-street P.S A. Society. On Sunday afternoon the monthly open meeting in connection with the above society was held and was well attended. The chair was occupied by Mr E Plinston, who gave a brief history of the cir- cumstances which led to the erection of the old Dallam-lane Chapel, and it was much appreciated. The speaker, Mr A Scriven, gave an address on " Daniel." Solos were rendered in a very effective manner by Miss Eckersley and Mr F Pryer-Jonea. Mr A Trow was the accompanist.

PUBLIO BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOLIKiroa BEE I' BOOTS IN LANOA liHIBIL—Advt

===== 0002601_19011011_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

Hope Hall Mission, Runcorn. , Efa,vest thanksgiving services were held on Sunday, when the special preacher was Mr W Arnold, of Liver- pool. The ladies of the congregation had worked indefatigably in the decoration of the hall, which had been tastefully accomplished with a variety of fruit, corn and flowers. At the afternoon service special hymns and solos were sung. There was a good attendance at the evening service, all the available room being occu— pied. Mr Arnold delivered an interesting address on the lessons to be derived from flowers. Special music was given, Mr Strange presiding at the organ. The services were continued on Monday evening, when an address was given by Mr J Spiby, of Widnes. The fruit was afterwards sold.

Mariners' Mission Church, Runcorn.

The harvest thanksgiving services in connection with this church commenced on Friday last, and were con. tinned on Sunday. The decorations had been carried out by the workers and friends interested in the place, and were extremely tasteful and picturesque in char- acter.--The preacher on Friday evening was Mr Joseph Stokes, licensed lay reader, while on Sunday tne pulpit was occupied in the afternoon by the vicar (Rev C R Ki!lick) and in the evening by Mr M Hall, of Birkenhead. The congregations were large, notwithstanding the unfavourable elements, and the offertories were in advance of last year.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Parish Church.

The harvest festival was observed on Thursday and Sunday. The church had been beautified with products I of the laar vest, consisting of corn, fruit, vegetables and flowers, tastefully arranged by the ladies of the congre- gation.—On Thursday evening the choir rendered Ebdon's Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis with commend- able spirit. The anthem, " Fear not, 0 land " (Goss), I received meritorious treatment, and spoke well for the careful and precise training the choir had received from the conductor, Mr FR Boraston. The solo parts were well sustained by Mr Shallcross, and the quintette I was tastefully rendered by Messrs Branch, J Clare, Withington, Lane, and Master F Groome. The preacher was the Vicar of Lower Peover. At the Sunday services the usual harvest hymns were rendered. In the morn- ing Standford's Te Detim was sung, the quartette being taken by Messrs Dudley, Lane, T Clare, and Master W Hopwood. The preacher was the Rev F Shillito, vicar of Dunham Hill. In the evening the Rev Canon Wood (vicar) breached from Psalm cxix., 90, 91 : "Thy faith- fulness is unto all generations ; Thou hast established the earth and it abideth. They continue this day according to Thine ordinance, for they are Thy ser- vants." There were good congregations, particularly in the evening, and the collections were satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
St John's Church, Earlestown.

The thanksgiving serviccs in connection with this church were concluded on Sunday. Tae preacher at the morning service was the Rev J Ryder, and in the evening Rev 0 C.Forshaw. At the morning service the choir sang the anthem "Ye shall dwell in the land," and at the evening service " Hear the word of the Lord." In the afternoon a musical service was given, the choir singing the anthem " Sing to the Lord ot Harvest," the aoloi3t being Mrs Wright. A duet " Our blest redeemer," was nicely sung by Mrs and Miss Harrison. Sacred solos on the organ were submitted by the organist, Mr Harrison.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Orford Church.

Thanksgiving services were held in the above church on Sunday. The building had been prettily decorated by a willing band of lady workers, with corn, fruit and flowers, and presented a very effective appearance. In the morning the pulpit was occupied by the Rev W Pollock-Hill. Simper's anthem, "He giveth food to all flesh," was well rendered by the choir. In the afternoon a children's service was held, at which Mr Henry Taylor, the Police Court Missionary, of Warrington, delivered an address. In the evening the sermon was preached by the Rev G Vale-Owen, the anthem being, "God be merciful." The congregations were very satisfactory, the offertories being an increase on last year.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Walton Church.

This church was elaborately decorated on Sunday on the occasion of the annual harvest thanksgiving ser- vices. The font was effectively treated with oats, wheat, and dahlias, this portion of the decorative work having been undertaken by the sexton,Mr Alfred Mouls- dale. The windows were adorned with various kinds of hothouse plants ; and the reading desk with flowers and grapes. The altar was prettily embellished with chrysanthemums, geraniums, snapdragon, palms and maidenhair ferns ; the -pulpit being treated with red and white cactus dahlias, sunflowers,grapes and palms. This work had been executed by Mrs Darwall and Mrs Hoult. Despite the inclement weather there were good congregations at all the services. The preacher was the Rev F Clifton-Smith, who chose his text from St. Matthew x. 29. at the evening service,the preacher was the lion the Rev C F Cross. The processional hymn was well rendered, to a new tune by Dr Vincent. The Vicar, the Rev L J T Darwall, conducted at au i the ser- vices, and Mr Busby presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Christ Church Padgate.

The harvest thanksgiving services were continued in this church on Sunday. In the morning, the sermon was preached by the Rev G Vale-0 wen,curate-in-charge of Orford. Simper's anthem "He giveth food to all flesh," was well rendered by the choir, the solos being tastefully sung by Mr Edward Howard, and Mr William N Grounds. In the afternoon a children's service was held, when the Vicar delivered an address on the lessons of harvest, The evening service was conducted by the Vicar, the sermon being preached by the Rev W Bracecamp, of St. Peter's, Warrington, from Dent. xvi. 13. The anthem was" Let us thank the Lord our God." (Simper) the tenor solo being well sung by Mr William N Grounds and the treble solo by Master George Walton Mr F Blackwell presided at the organ. The offertories amounted to £9 93 9d, which will be devoted to a fund for re-painting and decorating tbe interior of the church It is hoped that this may be accomplished before next March, when the Bishop of Liverpool has promised to hold a confirmation at Padgate.

- Bold-Street Wesleyan Church, Warrington. The harvest featival services were held in the above church on Sunday. The decorations were most effective and had been carried out by Mrs Biehop, Mrs Neville, Mrs Robinson, Mrs I Weaver, Mrs J Parkinson, ' and the Misses Weaver, Collin, Jones, Robinson (2), Barlow, Halt, and Wilson. The pulpit was beautifully adorned with corn, flowers, ferns, Sze, and the pillars were embellished with ivy and various kinds of flowers. The preacher at the morning service was the Rev W C J Neville, who occupied the pulpit at this place of worship for the first time since his appointment to the circuit, , and he delivered an interesting sermon from the words, " Verily, verily, I say unto you, unless a grain of wheat , fall into the ground and die, it remaineth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. He that inveth his life shall lose it, and he that hateth his life in this ' world, keepeth it unto life everlasting." The choir ' creditably rendered the anthem " Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem "(J H Maunder), in an able manner. In the evening, the Rev W C J Neville preached to a very large congregation from the words : " The harvest is the en,l of the world." The special anthem was Stainer's " Ye shall dwell in the lord," the solo being taken by Mr A Cotterill. Mrs It H Pearson also rendered the solo, "Entreat me not to leave thee" (Gouncd), in an effective manner. Mr F Hickman presided at the organ.

JOIN WALKER AND CO., 11.XAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR

ADDRESS LABELS. BALANCE SHEETS. BUSINESS CARDS.

CATALOGUES. CIRCULARS. HANDBILLS•

MAGAZINES. MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

NOTE HEADS. PAMPHLETS. PROGRAMMES.

POSTERS. STATEMENTS.

PRICE LISTS. REPORTS. JOHN WALKER & CO.

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

TELEPHONE NO. 0489.

KENDAL, MILE, & CO., MANCHESTER Telegrams. " Telephone, 1,749. BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS f ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYi FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ea, ST. JOHN-STREET, DEANSGATE.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER.

J. TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER,

ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SLAUGHTER YAIU), LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLB. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

R. A. G-ITTOES,

(LATE OF THE MERSEY CYCLE WORKS) MANUFACTURER OF THE NEW I_4ON CYCLES, MANCHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR

===== 0002601_19011011_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLARD CYCLES.

NICKEL PLATING AND ENAMELLING IN ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUMINIUDI AND OTHER BRONZES.

HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept In Stock. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MARE OF CYCLE. MACHINES SUPPLIED ON THE GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM.

OR NEW SERIAL.

We have pleasure in announcing that we have secured for publication in our columns a Serial entitled...

"A UEE N'S SOLDIER," BY WALTER WOOD, AUTHOR OF " BARRACK AND BATTLEFIELD," " FAMOUS BRITISH WARSHIPS." " THROUGH BATTLE TO PROMIOTION," " A CAPTAIN IN THE FUSILIERS," "A SOLDIER OF THE LEGION," ETC.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING ABOUT THE AUTHOR.

EIR. WALTER WOOD first became well-known as a writer of stories dealing with military life through the medium of the London magazines.whose editors were not slow to recognise the unusually close acquaintance with barrack and campaign life and the dry humour which his work consistently re- vealed. He possesses the fundamental quality nsces- sary to success as a novelist—the ability to tell a story ; and the reader's interest never flags' Of his first published volume of military stories the London "Daily Telegraph " said, "There are few stronger or more captivating stories in the English language." A companion volume of naval articles won the rare honour, for a young writer, of a special—and generous—article in " The Saturday Review," from that distinguished naval critic, the late Admiral Ziolomb.

SOMETHING A.Bol/T THE STORY. " A QUERN'S SOLDIER "is a story of Yorkshire and of the South African battlefields. Its hero is a trooper in the Imperial Yeomanry, who leaves his father's farm and his sweetheart for the dusty veldt and the interminable hardships of the campaign. The author's experience in war subjects enables him. without apparent effort, to bring before the reader a brilliant series of pictures of life in the field. While he offers plenty of excitement in the way of skirmishing and of more serious battles, he never loses sight of the obligation as a novelist to give a human interest to his work, and the events of the war are shown, not as matters of dull history. but as they appeared to Mark Berm, trooper in the Imperial Yeornanry,while performing his duty as a soldier of the Queen. Bean is wounded in a skirmish, and is taken as a prisoner to Pretoria. Events enable him at length to escape, but only to undergo terrible sufferings. Perhaps this portion of the tale will be found to possess the most thrilliog interest for readers. Bennis experiences in his wild dash for liberty are partly founded on fact and they are graphically described. There are afterwards some Rill:apses of life in hospital, and the tale ends a! happily as everyone who makes the acquaintance Ot Mark Bean and his sweetheart wOul4 desire it tO do. "A Queen's Soldier," as the work of one wile knows haw to write intelligently about war, with- out overloading the picture, will, we confidently believe, be found to rank among the best stories which have been written about the South African strNgle.

The opening chapters of this Story vrill appear in Our columns

TO-DAY! TO-DAY ! !

===== 0002601_19011011_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
F OR FIRST-CLASS P:ZIVATO

D:ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessaryant may be arranged: TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. li4th patient Informed beforehand the cost work required, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charzeo. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P..nless Extraction as hitherto by the ad of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,000 gallo weekly. Brom of the late

J. H. PARKINSON.

(DENTIST BY EXAM

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m, to 6 p.m,

WARRINGTON _...3A, SANKEY-STREET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, 31, BRIDGE-STREET _ - TIIIIRSDAY, 2 to 5.

APPLESIARKET-STREET ' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19011011_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE.

LuNNY—CLAßK—September D. at the Parish Chn‹ Warrington, by the Rev A P White, Edward John Loo''' to Mary Clayton Clark. DEATHS.

BELLlAN—September 28th, at 61, Lovely-lane, Warringt°l3' James LeUlan, aged 68 years SAVAGE—September 29th. at 38, Selby-street. Warrin9t°r4 Thomas Savage, aged 11 years. PEABE —September 29th, at 62, Forster-street, Warring,— Hannah Peake, aged 69 years. ' HAMMOND —Sept em ber 27th, at 29. Catherine-street, War rington, Emily Hammond, aged 78. 09 LlNGARD—September 30th, at 10, ligerton-street,Warringt Arthur Lingard, aged 33 years. WAveosr—October 3rd, at Dndley-street, Warrington, - William Watson, aged 28 years. nit BBOOM —On the 4th inst at Clammouger Lodge, xi:luta° Joseph Broom, aged 86 years.

RoL

--___ ReNc

At { tll.l SI liveni

REV

Rerrice! „In the j

lbe VVYC

The mAy %IRS. TS ns. z. ‘ItS. Yn T 4 W "Veld Fl °AGA!,

WIL CHAII

, R Struivgl a'reedom The RE atand ,The RH 40Znanee

pAp,R

M iteroxtre First

'en to-d Special

Ix &In 0

ON

THE 13;

Ce.tilou

TRE M CRAI

TEni ItDPearec 'kill give .BPlrJi

Artit—tew: 41.1. nm ti 2183. kriday a

WA

The G `lntv nnq ()f Profit /ree:inal nips of nernune 1898, an, num

Appll( ertifiCA ThOre th t 1). und Ofnce.

Rea Octot

Clot] m rl sl ,`4llRc visit( "tlitar

(i‘ou:

i, The 1 RE' :t)CIS ! '4R 53eTrc Itrur.ltlq . V. 47 itrk, p ,ottkße r, vin, 1 ' kilnei c . ::,ftit, oir • butt,'"' Nttt 4'll 4;j Dr( mit€t"'e i xt4„4r) I Theft Tow, itt

I

;---_.

===== 0002601_19011011_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR NEW SERIAL. WB HAVE PLEASURE in announcing that we hare secured for publication in our columns a BRILLIANT MILITARY STORY. ENTITLED "A QUEEN'S SOLDIER," BY WALTER WOOD. The opening chapters of the story will appear TO-DAY ! TODAY! I

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices Irr ed by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM. A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON &LDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLIE6ES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STRE ET AT MSS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6.

, QA. THoI4 IC CHURCH, IRWELL -LANE, RUNCORN. li FEAST OF THE PATRON, T, UDWARD THE CONFESSOR, KING OF ENGLAND, SUNDAY. OCT. 13Tir, 1901. ljerusona (in aid of St. Edward's Schools) will be preache d enrning and evening, by the Very Rev. FATHER MARK. kr, Rector of 6t, Anne's Retreat, Sutton, St. Helens, iTrnicg service, Mims Cantata. at 11 °clock ; evening 4,?ice at 6.30 The Runcorn Orchestral Society will attend ,__lnission by ticket.

OLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. To-mounow (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 13th. At 10.30—Rev, Wx. 0. J. NEVILLE. At 6.3o—Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided

WARRINGTON INFIRMAjtY AND DISPEN- BAZY.-THE WORKINGMEN'3 COMMITTEri BEG Tu ANNOUNCE THAT THE ANNUAL CONCERT ~ WILL DE HELD A T THE PARR HALL, SATURDAY, 19TH OCTOBER. 190 L. boors op.n 6.45. ticket holders. Con3ert to commeildp 7.30. Adntheion front seat 3 and centre gallery is 61. ,Slde 411erY Is. Body of the Hall and back gallery 6d. JOSEPH TAYLOR Hon. Sec..

'O4O DEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, TS! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREEP, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU.

ST ANN'S PARISH CHURCH, WIN WICK- ROAD wA.RnINGTON. pVO-11031ROW SURD A.Y. October 13th. 10.30 a.m., pcekeber : The REV. J. DAVIES, vicar. 2.30 p.m., Young T.2l3le's Service Address by the REV. H I WADESON. O&M; OFFERINGS, HOME and FOREIGN MISSIONS qi43 P.m Preacher : The REV. H I WADESON. Rector 1,t,, Croft. THANK OFFERINGS for the PARISH "RRERS (curate, Po.) FUND.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated IN, Bd. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, AU goods sent carriage paid.

ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Fac-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quail titles &c., copied and lithographed.--Baooxs AND Sax, Law Stationers IL Queen-street, Warrington.

----- WYCLIFFE NEW BUILDING, EDGEWORTII- sTrtuRT, WARRINGTON. °X THURSDAY NEXT, OCTOBRR 17th, 'AT 4 p.m. MEMORIAL STONES heWILL BE PLACED BY MAYORESS OF WARRINGTON (MRS. H. ROI3ERT3). irt.,4B. JESSE HAWORT R: (og BownoN), ke. Z. ARMITAGE (OF WARRINGTON). and YONGE (OF WARRINGTON). A WILL BE PROVIDED AFTER THE CEREMONY IN " &CLIFFS HALL.—TICKETS ONE SHILLING- EACH. °ROAN RECITAL IN THE CHURCH-6.30T0 7.15 By MR. W. H. PAYTON, DUN. BACH. A PUBLIC " JUBILEE " MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE CHURCH AT 7V. enalithiArr, THE MAYOR OF WARRINGTON (MR. ALDERMAN ROBERTS. J.P.) SPEAKERS: %,tvithe REV. JOHN BROWN, 8.A.. D.D., Subject: troggleS of the Olden Time in Warrington for Religious "eedom and Evangelic Faith." 4.1 s REV. F. D. JONES, MA., B.D. Subject: " What stand for." The REV. BERTRAM SMITH (Leeds). Subject: The 'elhanee 01 a Men's Meeting." MUSICAL slimßorioNs BY THB CHOIR. COLLECTIONS AFTERNooN AND EVENING FOR THE BUILDING FUND. Vir -

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, MOUNTED ON GOLD. PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, 80, PAINLESS IEXTRACTIONS. J. HIGHAM ATTENDS AT MRS. BAIRD 17, LEGH-STREET, VVARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84. OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS. "IT'S THE SUN THAT BRINGS THEM OUT," And the splendid value ARTHUR EVANS is giving in Gent's Boots induces them to dive into 6, LONDON-ROAD, [LIVERPOOL and make their feet look respectable.

ARRINGTON TECIINICA.Li INSTITUTE. , The Museum Committee beg to announce that under auspices of the Co-:sing TRUBTESS. a coure of EIGHT -2URBS, illustrated With experiments and the lantern, " Tilt MOSES t SIGHT, HEARING. AND TOUCH." Z:ill be delivered in the CO-OPERATIVii 114 LL. Cairo- 4jeet, h , -9 PROFRSSOR W STIRLING. M D. Professor of eal'ologY. the Owens College. on TUESDAY HYMNING% _ ra,,eneing OCTOBER 15Tkr, at 7 45 p m. prompt will be taken the MAYOR OF WARRING- by 7afidiSt.iderman Roberts, J P. 01.1 Free. Front seats 2s for the course. • MADELRY. Secretary. W .

'WEDDING RINGS, • CHAS. WOLF'S GUINEA.-GOLD WEDDING RINGS. Half-dozen Superior Electro-plated TEASPOONS given with each Ring. MONEY REFUNDED for THIRD-CI, IS9 TRAVELLING EXPENSES any place between WARRINGTON, WIDNEO RUNCoIiN, ST. HELEN, and RABLESTOWN Districts and LIVERPOOL. SIMI CARDS POST FREE. CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE 'JEWELLER, 10, ItENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ARRINGTON LITERARY AND PHILO- EOPHICAL SOCIETY. vziE FIRST MEF:TING OF THIS SoCIFTY FOR SEsSION 1901-1902 WILL RE HELD TN THE PARR BALL, ON MONDAY ATEXT, OCTOBRR 14T0, 1901, WEIE+I A PAPER WILL BE READ RV CAPTAIN F. M. APPLEIDN, ON "TUE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS ,Fra IN SOUTH AFRICA," ILLusTRATun BY LINIELIGHT Admission : 24 (reserved seats), Is, 6d, Oct. ItT_lckets for Reser'red Seats may be obtained from Mr R "•• rearson, Rold.street• plan of the hall may be Been. ' ;poor& open at 7 lb, to commence at 7 45 p.m. Proceeds will Be banded to the Mayor of Warrington ' Transvaal Campaign Relief Fund.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASM. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. TRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Puntl of G. A. Chanot), V, RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

WIIITE •STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Qaeenstown. Wp 4...,.. .DNEv DAT SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. kVIANJO Wed., oet. 16 I CYMRIC ...... Fri., Oct. 18 n6,.•!RSTIc Wed., Oct. 23 I CELTIC ......... Fri., Nov. 8 IVIC Wed,, Oct. 30 I CYMRIC ......Fri., Nov. 22 4,'„l•iTosio Wed.. Nov. 6 CELTIC. ........ Fri., Dec. 13 0,-.!•,laird crass passange at low rates including Outfit free of Se te New York. Roston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. ti.CYLY to IrmaY. ImatE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cookspur ~..!_'eet, s.wir., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London. R.C., NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next t. GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace e CCUNTY OF CHESTER, will b 3 holden at the CuRT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said , enty on MONDAY, the 3.4 th day of October next, at 1,1.7vPn o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury 14.1 1113 empannelled. t 'he hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- ted of Bucklow, Macclesfield. and Norchwich, forming I a: Inutstord District, and the trials of all prisoners f e ttitnitted from such Hundreds will take place at such ' `i°n9. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- -1 ' IC, District must be in attendance at the Court House, Ifintitsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the ',41 day of October, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. th‘ RE COURT will be Adjoutned to the Castle of kt Pater, on WEDNESDAY, the 16th day of 0-tober next, LEleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand IVY, will be empannelled. The bearing of all Appeals IsCBlng within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, s,Antwich and Wirral. forming the Chester District, and 5 trials of all prisoners committed from the last-meo- - Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned b."jons. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester ,I:trict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, 01,,,t11" oneaing of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 16th ' of October next, at Eleven m'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD PoTTS. „ Clerk of the Peac•3 for the County of Chester, 23rd Benrember. 1901.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC WO EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams HOLLINGWORTIL Latchford."

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE : 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardt:haw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Mooriteld House

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis covered. rIiILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. 01ILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests kJ those too often fatal diseases—Diphtherla, Fever, Croup, Ague. ' CIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Choleraend Dysentsry. CI.ILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Toothache. Meningitis, &C. From Dr. B. J. BouLTort AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of , Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it ns an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It SF,OMS to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses , this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOE°. DYNE."—See Lancet. let December. 1864. CAUIION.—BEIVARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAIPTION.—VICS-ChAllOOOl. Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROW/4E was, undoubtedly, the inventor cf "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. Id., Es. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " OR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYBE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Medics' testimony accompanies each bottle

BOOTS eASH UHEMISTS. All the advantages of co-operation may be secured Without trouble iv customers dealing with BOOTS, the CASH PRICE DISPRNSING CHEMISTS, who trePare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Ilecipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the Usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of ta Per cent. on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES. • 1140 H BRANCH IS UNDER TUB DIANAGEIIHNT tilr A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. ZS, 13R BEIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, ItLSO AT 6, 0811,15E111E-STREET, ST. HELENS. 441411-STRERT. RUNCORN, & 20, ALBERT-ROAD. —WHINES.

A. G-. WRAGG, 68 AND 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. HOUSE FURNISHER DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PIANOFORTES. ac. Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, AC. 214- 1.45. PIANOFORTE,and iw butr wb Law% Laoodntea.sesecroannde--1 front with massive sconces. full compass, iron frame, ivory keys, sweet rich tone, with check-repeating action, trichord. A genuine secondhand bargain. Cost new 40 guineas. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 24 10s. De: a nSzol Solid a wk Mari vSearleN mirror, L 3184.! ported with massive supports and quantity of large and small drawers; washstand with marble slab, tiled back ; pedestal and towel rail. A bargain. Ll 6 10 Solid Walnut bIiDROOIII SUITE. com- a prising very handsome large sized ward- robe with quantity of hanging aud drawer spaces,beautifully shaped robing mirror, carved panels; dressing chest with a number of large and small drawers, with copper handles,and fitted with locks and keys,landscape bevelled dressing mirror on massive carved supports ; washstand with cupboards, rouge marble slab, and also slab panel, with massive sup- ports; towel rail and three obairs. A genuine bargain. Equal to a 30 guinea suite in Bold-street. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

2guiOnem(U hli; il3ologtikoSn.—aWncialnivutespoonttageeciZlAtaloOnFeOwitTeltost bL °fnuill compass, iron frame, ivory keys, trichord, sweet tone, panel front. The maker guarantees every Instrument he coaxes. so that you can rely on it giving you every satisfaction. My guarantee for twenty years, and delivered and tuned free foe 20 guineas. 21 Gentlemen's Pigskin RIDING SADDLE, in perfect S. condition, nearly new. Carriage paid to any address.

263, GUINEAtt.— PIASOFORTIII in walnutvrood case, by the world-renowned makers, Broadwood, White, and Co., London. This instrument is perfection in every particular, beautiful burr walnut ease, iron frame, patent check-repeating action, inlaid panel front, massive sconces, seven octaves, rich tone ; and I will give warranty for 20 veers, having sold a great number of this maker's second- hand instruments, and never found them to rail in giving every satisfaction. Equal to:new. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG, 70. WAVERTREE-ROAD LIVERPOOL.

g3l Q it bond walnut wAII.DROBS, with _LOPS. IJD. silvered bevelled robing mirror, quantity of hanging space, also large drawer, carved panels, and large size. Carriage paid to any address. 4 18 SIDEBOARD in solid walnut, 4ft S. 6D. long, sft Sin high, with bevelled silvered centre plate support on massive pillars, with canopy top. A genuine bargain. WRAGG, 7O, WAVIIRTREE ROAD, LIVERPOOL. .S 10 CHIPPRNDALB MAHOGANY CABINET, 3, with bevelled silvered plates, stands 6ft 61n high, with quantity of brackets, also display cupboards, lhaed with plush ;beautifully carved; and well worth £l6 10s Come and inspect for yourselves. wRAGa, 70. WAVERTRER-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

Es 189. tin. leadingoll Wal li nn line t. B consistsllD n 00718 a rUgIeTwE a, orudr. robe, pair of chest dressing tables, ani chairs. All to match Impossible to describe fully on account of space of our advertisement being limited. 19_ GUINEAS.—DINING ROOM (Contents), just received from Preshfleld. suitable for anyone just commencing housekeeping. The lot consists of dining-room suite, very massive frames, upholstered in American leather; sideboard, 6ft long 6ft 61n high, with quantity of drawers and cupboards ; Brussels carpet and skin hearthrug, brass kerb, fire brasses, ashpan, and walnut overmantel, all to match, and they are worthy of an intending buyer's atten- tion. I undertake to pack and deliver free of any charge. Wall worth 30 guineas ;my price 19 guineas. Equal to new. The furniture is being repolivhed. 212 15 Solid Mahogany Louis DRAWING S. ROOM SUITE, upholstered with rich silk tapestry, comprising high low settee, pair easy, and set of small chairs. A perfect suite in every particular. Equal to new. Cost in Bold-street £25 10s. Packed and delivered free. WRACK}, 70, WAVERTREE•ROAD, LIVERPOOL:

33 GUINEAS (RAMC PIANOFORTE. in rosewood case, inlaid marqueterle panel, by the w orld renowned maker and holder of several gold medals for perfection in tone and construction. This instrument is a perfect model,with iron frame,patent check repeating action, overstrung, ivory keys, sweet tone, and unequalled in value at 33 guineas. Warranted for twenty years. Delivered and tuned free. WRAGG. 70 WAVERTREB-ROAD, LIVEPOOL.

SECONDHAND PIANOS VERY CHEAP. 210 10g. eSATINclass mW.780 D comprisingßiF 0 Tall, large E roomy wardrobe, with bevelled silvered robing mirror,carved panels (works of art), with bonnet drawer and roomy space for hanging wearing apparel; dressing tablw, with bevelled silvered mirror on patent actions support or bracket, with jewel drawers, two large and four small drawers ; washstand with pedestal towel rail marble slab, and double tiled back ; and two chairs eonwlete. Cannot be equalled in the city of Liverpool for quality and value. My price 21010.. 21g. Bw Sith inTalls Ps; massive brass 4 rt tails bs ym 60 futn6ttenci , enxdt ewnidt ihn gk nfoTst: worth 30s a set. Only 12 sets left out of bankrupt stock. £7 10 PARLOUR SUITE, in walnut frames, S. comprising raomy couch,lady's'and gent's and set of small chair° upholstered in rich saddlebags, carved frames, and well made (guaranteed WRAGG FOR PIANOFORTES. WRAGG FOR SIDEBOARDS. VVRAGG FOR PARLOUR SUITES. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING. WRAGG BUYS FOR CASH. YOU ARE DEALING WITH THE PRINCIPAL WHEN YOU BUY AT WRAGG'S. WE TRADE IN OUR OWN NAME. £3 5 Very handsome Chippendale Mahogany Louis S. OVERMANTEL, very massive bevelled silvered plate centre oval, equal to new. Several o ther designs to seleet from. Delivered free.

A. G-. WRAGG Will BUY for CAS 4 all kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS. or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 98 AIM .) , WAVERTRER-ROA.D. EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

AL WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted Co fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY MUCCI/ V OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Bent poet free to Al parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

T. C LARKFI, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. MARKML STRRET, EARLESTOWN. IS NOW SHOWINLI A LARGE NUMBER OF BOOKS BY' VARIOUS AUTHORS. REMARKABLY CHEAP. SEE WINDOWS. ADMIT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 12 AND 14, WINIVICS-STREET. SHE OUR WINDOW THIS WEEK FOR BEDROOM SUITES. . QUALITY AND PRICE IS RIG-HT. GIVE US A CALL. PENDLiBURY AND COMPANY, WARRINGros.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO 3IP.;RSEY BRITS1:1 WORKS, TAVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

LIGHT! LIGHT!! LIGHT! ! ! WHY SIT ni DARKNESS WHEN YOU CAN. KATE AN INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOR FIXING TO YOUR GAS BRACKET FOR Is. On. SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 410, EACH, 4s. 3n. PER DOZEN. NOTE OUR ADDRESS : THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERMAREET-STREF,T, WARRINGTON.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 351 BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY dr. FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

LT G. DOWLING, ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT, Office 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address 21. Ellesmere.road, Stockt,n Heath.

UMBRELLAS I Un BRELLAS THE LATEST WWII TIES SUITABLE FOE PREFENI: LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W`i:AiNG STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES If nuJVERBD IN way IN HOUR FROM SS. 6D, T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

CYCLE INFIRAIARY IS THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR "BIER" FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT. ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. . FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RUEBERED AND RE.LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. C vales built to order from Perry's Eadiee. 8.5. A,, and hater Lee fittings, Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. 11. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES!! CARTRIDGES 11 ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISIoN. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. OBE THE SPLENDID Cur, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTITS CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DIsTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROUPTLY. SAM N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. (FOR UPWARDS 011 13 YEARS WITH SHELTON'S, LTD. GEDDES DANDELION COMO, The heat and cheapest ever offered to the Pnbltc. Sold by all Grocers and Drngietata, In Cantatas 6d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOE ESTABLISHIM 1833•

A. AND J. IVILAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILYERSMLTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEIL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED MCI( OF GENUINE JEWELLERY SILVER PLATE Ac. ALWAYS ON SALE. SPECIAL VALUE IN DIAMONDS. A carefully selected Stock of Ladies and Gentlemen's Rings always in Stock. We have now a fine selection of Gent's Single Stone Diamond Rings on view. Also some very choice Half Hoop Diamond Dress or Engagement Rings. Prices from £2 hs to £45, A Magnificent Diamond and Sapphire Heart Pendant, £47, We will give a written agreement to lend £37 on this Pendant at any time. Gold Chains at lowest prices in Liverpool. Enquiries by post receive prompt attention. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND S fREET, LWERPOOL.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 f LONDON ROAD) LIVERPOOL. -j rAWNBROKERS , &WEL LERS, S LVERSMITIIS, AND DIAMOND MEECIIANT.S. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WILATES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER) ELECTRO PLATE) AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THREE ESSENTIAL THINGS. TO SECURE WHEN FURNISHING. VALUE. STYLE. QUALITY. ALL THREE CAN BE HAD PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING AT THE STORES. 9 To 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FREE DELIVERY. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PRO TOGRAPRS for Crystoletun and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S . INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

TUE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICRERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Marson Street. Warrington

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD A. BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIuARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 63 Years

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANIC-STEERT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. DASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Stcond-isand Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. purnitute, &o , warehoused,

SUN INSURANICE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1900 EXCEEDED £450000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINOTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Borsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street.

T. ALLEN AND SONS. (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN 017EEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-P APERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING. GASYITTING, Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTES.FOR "IWELSBACH " INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FLEE.

OUR METHODS.' of Trading have yielded most satisfactory results, and our business has been built up by systematic- ally keeping faith with our Customers. In other • words—by fulfilling all that we psomise in our advertisements, and by giving utmost value for money, the purchaser returns to buy again. Once a Customer always a Customer. Naturally our business is still growing, , AND OUR GOODS. have that happy knack of making countless friends wherever they go. We merely outline their merits—the goods do the rest. They are made in our own light, airy workrooms. and here are a " few of their good points: they are amply full in size (not the skimpy, slop-made rubbish of un- scrupulous traders), most accurate in fit and cut, and THREE GOLD MEDALS have been awarded us for excellence of make and finish. Do you wonder that our business keeps growing? The prices are so easy too, and cannot fail to 'Sill I -NUN PUtibt': . a We should like to send you our PICTURE LISTS OF COSTUMES. PICTURE LISTS OF MANTLES. PICTURE LISTS OF UNDERWEAR. PICTURE LISTS OF BLOUSES, and, in fact, Picture Lists of any or all the Goods we manufacture and distribute. May we send them, _Post Free? Simply drop us a Postcard, mentioning this newspaper and addressed—

, . (Cyr.Yrl.94e.) 10 `. • UEE S Q SOLDIER ........._ , ... e .., ~.i: By WALTER WOOD; 1 Author G 2 "Barrack and Battlefield,' aFentotte I British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro. I motion," "A Captain in the Fusiliers," "A Soldier of the Legion," &c.

"A splendid ironer. 7, What woman isn't proud of such a compliment? A good house must have a good foundation—the foundation of ironing is starching. If the starch is good—if its Colman's Starch, the ironing is sure to be all right—the kind a woman is proud of. Don't say you can't iron if you haven't tried C • LEA *WE ST 4h,. Sold in Cardboard Boxes. See that Colman's Name and the Bull's Head 144.4 4 are on the Box. REGD.

forward by the House Committee was under the cir- cumstances the best possible and he trusted the Board would back up the majority of the members of the committee in their endeavour to kill two birds with one stone by getting a good resident medical officer for the Workhouse and at the same time a good man for a pub- lic vaccinator. Oa a vote being taken ten voted for the amendment and the Chairman declared it carried. The CHAIRMAN : Perhaps some one will suggest • reply to the Local Government Board after that. Mr PILLING aid not think it would be right to refer the matter to the House Committee, and he therefore moved that the Clerk be instructed to advertise for a public vaccinator for the Sankey and Warrington Regis- tration districts. Mr KNOWLES seconded. The CHAIRMAN . I should only like to add that after what has been said the Clerk bad better state that it is no US9 any union medical officer applying. Mr PILLING : Oh, no. The CHAIRMAN: Mr Knowles said distinctly in his remarks that he obj2cted to a union medical officer combining the two duties. Mr KNOWLES : I have a strong feeling that a resident mediz,al officer should not do it, Mr BILLINGE asked whether it would not be advan- tageous to divide the district into two for vaccination purposes. He thoughtthe work would be more efficiently I done. The CHAIRMAN : The average number of cases is only three a day. Considering the fact that the late Dr Gomel' was able to combine a number of offices with the apoointmelt, one medical practitioner would find no difficulty in performing the duty. The CLERK : It is a very valuable appointment at the present rate of fees even if he had nothing else to do. The resolution was unanimously carried. THE POPULATION OF THE UNION. Mr JENNER FUST presented a return showing the num bee of paupers relieved on Ist January, 1901, and average number relieved on the corresponding day of the five preceding years. This return stares population of the Union to have risen from 83,471, 1891 Census, to , 100,011, 1901 census.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BOSTON SQUARE. HOME COMVoRTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Di BARNADO, Bummer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort; fine Bea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. 1. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTEEING OR RE-BEATINQ SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MA.NCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE Airy MANCE. BAR •TABLES, COUNTERS; FITTINGS ac.

C' 0017THPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CID WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

Zpartments, SurntObtb 311oluseti ANNRS.—Comfortable APARTMRSTS near sea and staflOn; terms moderate.—Laniums, St Annes-rd, Bast. A PARTMSNT3.—Two SITTING-ROOMS. centrally sltua- -11 between the two bays.—Mrs. BRIGGS, Claremont Creecnt, 64, Castle-road, Scarborough,

D HYL (North Wales).—Miles of sound clean sands ; iLL finest promenade; sea-bathing incomparable; music moderate terms —Lists (penny stamp) SECRETARY. Town Committtee, Eby'. CCOUCHEMENT.—A happy and COMFORTABLE 11. HOMB for any lady before and during coufinement,in the house of a Trained Nurse ; every care and attention; moderate terms.—Write NURSE, 94, Westbourne-road, (Naughton. Birkenhead.

MISS BACKSIIdEN WOOD.—TEACHER of the VIOLIN. Lessons given at own or pupil's residence. —For terms apply 14. HUNTLY-ROAD, Liverpool. AVENUE COTTAGE. WILMINGTON, NORTHWICH. HISSES WADE'S SCHOOL for young Ladles has a vacancy for four Boarders ; every home comfort ; healthy situation aterms moderate,; or comfortable Home for Widow or single Lady.

MR. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepares students for examination in Planotorte,Organ, Theory and Harmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARKET-STREET, Earlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

NAiISS ETHEL SPINES will resume her CLASSES for DANCIG and PHYSICAL EXERCISES early in OCTOBER, at the CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLS. SATUR- DAY, October 12th; WEDNESDAY EVENING, October 9th.—For further particulars apply to 4, SALISBURY-STREET, Warrington.

iftiaboterp, etc. „ A SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, 11 new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n. Ca ntres bit to 2Uft, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 4ft by 2ft square to lat by 41t square. Drilling Eadial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers. Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. ete.—PAAnNoTos, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

.13ATENT OF PICO MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have lia4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossesspraetlcalknowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, CAL, d SON. F.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. BRADFORD'S UNIVRESALLY APPROVBD LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 450 Qom) & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. VOWIIL " WASHING, WRINQINC+, & MANGLINQ MAOHINIIS. LAUNDRY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. BUTT&G WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Poet Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London; 130, 'Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Creeoent Iron Works, Salford.

£150,000 AT fgomrtglgepeor r oretpotlbeorAileveadnsclnd BUMS to suit borrowers. in any part of the country. —J. W. READIIII, b. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£5, 17, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. 21DV ANCEs MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security. without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OP THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. 0001) WIN. N..—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM PS TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERBEY bTREET WARRINGTON. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPAI,KO TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon WADSVVORTH, DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Ftom £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, Audi ith or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT AfirENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER, HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and haa reeelved MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. lror ..ence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY FALATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

SEEDS! SEEDS ! I SEEDS !! ! FOR VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND /'ARM SEND TO STARKEY AND MORRISON, GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALOGUES FLEE DT POST.

BEER. SAVE A LIFE AND SEND Is. P.O. ANTI-ARSENICAL PILLS, CAWLMA CO., SHEFFIELD.

,_ • THOMAS DOMVILLE PAWNBROKER JEWELLER AND CLOTHIER 31.4. PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. Money LENT on WATCHES, CHAINS, DIAMOND RINGS, JEWELLERY, and all KINDS of FURNITURE. Below is given a few of our special lines in forfeited pledgee 275. 6D. `IVIAIDTL KTEWrOAngpIIAL HORSES, quite New. A Bargain, Payments Taken.

17s. 6D.DenDgrstrDonOgUaßriaLmllassiJvtlesLFvolgewitAedTbiEit (didiand Lever) by those tamous makers Graves & Sons, Sheffield. Splendid timekeeper and in thorough repair. Another by 4 ayes Ms, 85. 6D. ;,.1 naeWORTHdO R Do svUEEBNLOR, veryAi tTdHandsomeu New Design, only wants seeing. Payments Taken.

I.os. 6D. a'EeszuFdoßlrEslTALD.PAAN.vaywSoresrevtifane- new. A bargain. Another one at 8s 6d. 2 seldom 6 SE met with. 1. s. aw.oer,:hd design. Pretty tat fe'trgOa 239. GO. CURB.ve"Fahstanddogsos mesewSUPLalpternßßAFSirSe Brasses to match only 8s lid. 375. 6 wD. 1,„ dDyFa iiUBL B)cOtGEo,,erlumset orfenftsittaemdpei DIAMOND AND RUBY BRASS RING, no worse than New. A Genuine Bargain.

NOTE THE ADDEEttI. 3IA, PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. CARRIA.OII PAID ON ALL ORDERS. LETTERS ATTENDED PER RETURN OF POST.

VETTING, NETTING. Carden Netting. Cricket Nets. .L 1 Tennis Nets and Game Nets of every description. TimmLa Jouxsox's, Net Warehouse. 38. Corporetion-street, Manchester.

HANDSOME SCOTCH COLLIE BITCH and Pup Prize bred and perfectly marked with splendid pedigrees, to be sold cheap.—W SHARP. 17, Ruth-street, Gorton Hall Estate, Gorton, Manchester.

TUST PUBLISHED. What every Wife and Mother should t.l know. Plain, la. 6d.; coloured, Is. 9d. We guarantee genuine edition, Plain Home Talk " and lists free.—.Boott SUPPLY COY., 34, Dalston-lane, London.

TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, two Freehold 1. Shops with workshops. Nos 15 and 17 Mill-street and King-street. Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIES and FORNIAW, 42. Sankey-street, Warrington.

UIGICAL APPLIANCES.—A new Illustrated and Des- criptive Price List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Testimonials from all parts of the world. --W GOODIIOURNE, Brookside Villa, Grange-street, Hull.

PECIAWAY. The Parlour Game ot the season; very ex- citing and easily learned; suits young or old. livery home should have it for the long winter evenfngs. Post free, Is. W SANLET, 9 Vernon-place, London, W C.

A STROLOGY.—FUTURE FORETOLD, Marriage, Chil, then, Changes in Circumstances, Journeys, Legacies Ruling planet, to, Send birth data, 12 stamps and stamped envelope, Mr. LLOYD. 15, peanpark-street, /idinburgh.

Fro CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS and Others. Special A. Offer of NAVVY and BOX BARROWS. For prices and all further information.—Apply,lnz WARRINGTON SLATE CC.. LTD. Builders and Contractors Merchants, 33, Bold Street Warrington.

-pp LIRIIMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete 11h borne cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free 01 receipt of post- card. Address :—PuBLISBERS, 18, Devonshlre-street, All Saints, Manchester.

Gfinished 12, bore double BREECII-LOADER top lever, central fire, left choke, improved extension rib, " nicely adjusted rebounding locks," walnut pistol stcck, new, good killer, 40s. ; approval.—A. T. JAMEs, 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, Londm.

rio BI SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive A_ Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,42 J square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. bliitaine for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address I HOSKIN% 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool.

SUFFERBILS from Nervous Disorders, Impaired Vitality and kindred ailments (either Sex), acquired or constitu- tional, should communicate with experienced specialist who guarantees rapid and absolute cure in all cases. Address in conildenoe.—SYLTEs-rEs, Specialist, 175 Blackfriars-road, London, S.B.

RAT POlSON.—Amongst the many preparations now offered for the destruction of Rats, Mice, Mole, etc.. Sanford's original Found Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes Is. 2d., is., and 38, post free.—SaNFORD AND SON, Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

TUST OUT I New Petroleum Cooking stove, blue frame ; the only stove that will toast lsread without oily flavour. Boils as quickly as a gas stove. No smell. Uses one penny- worth of oil in 2i hours. Cheaper than coal, cheaper than gas. Price 165., carriage paid. Send for list—H. L. Fox, 32, Great St. Helens, London.

STBBL riorAND IKON BMWS AND BUILDINGS-21 supe structures comprising open shexe from 32 by 15ft to 63 by 241 t—bay or grain shed 64 by 24 ; complete buildings from 18 by 10 to 100 by 30 ; ornamental pavilion. etc.. 30 by 24 ; chapel, mission room, school. etc, 50 by 25. Very moderate prices. All erected for inspection at ISAAC Dixos AND Co's Show Yard, Granby-row, Sackville-street, Manchester, Office, ), Cathedral Gates.

RYDER LLOYD AND co., BUSINESS BROKERS AND VALUERS. 21i. OLD HAYMARKET. LIVERPOOL, (Est. 1837). BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or iVALUED (any distance) at MODERATE and FIXED CHARGES. BITTERS SUITED FREE. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. Advice free. Stock-in-trade of any description purchased. CALL, WRITE. CR TELEPHONE 0/09.

BAKER'S BUSINESS 10 BE SOLD, Horse, Van, utensils in trade complete ; doing 14 packs per week ; price £llO or near offer.—Apply 177. BOALER-STREET, Liver- pool. TV concern FISH BUSINESS. for SALE as a going concern in Lancashire incoming about £350 Turnover £4,000. Could be increased considerably by Herring Curing Houses Fitted already no better investment Could be. Goou reason for giving up.—Apply JoIIEPE EDwARDS, auctioneer. Fish Deck, Grimsby.

DRAPERY BUSINESS FOR DISPOSAL at once, nine hands 16:years ; a chance seldom met with; would suit one or two young mea commencing. ;smart corner shop, private entrance ; excellent house in healthy neighbourhood close to Sefton and Princes Park ; low rental; stock to suit purchaser or optional. Fixtures and goodwill moderate; nly requires seeing—For particulars apply, DunLEsToN,IB, mithdown-r oad, Liverpool.

WANTED a respectable GIRL, about 2); to assist in housework, comfortable home ; three in family, good references necessary.—Mrs. FISHER, 12, Amherst-street Withington, Manchester.

CIE SALE SMALL LURRY 14ewt. also Gears and Tarpaulin together or separate in good order. A good lot:-45. GREAT MELBON-STBEET. opposite Haymarket Liverpool.

ISLE OF MAN.—When driving to PEEL AND GLEN HELEN, DRIB at the GLEN HELEN HOTEL. Three course dinner is 6d; teas any hour; string band plays while you dine. Full board 6s 6d a day.

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G-. WILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and PA. by Exam. 55, MARKET sCREET, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK GRATIS.

CDOICE SELECTION of 40 FOREIGN BIRDS for Disposal. Lady Ovine up Aviary.—On view at GLAN-y-Coszo, Conway, li miles from Penmaenmawr Station.

INDIGESTION. RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA &c, cured free. Thermal Baths Cheap; 30 days free trial. Agents wanted. Write representative The Century, Thermal Bath Cabinet Limited.-17, HOWARTH-STREET, Handley. Wigan.

CIENUINE SWEETS, Herb Beer, Minerals, etc., £l6;' ill-health.—R. Coox, 7, Travis-street, London-road, Manchester.

ILLINERY.—CanitaI little BUSINESS lor Disposal ; 1 good connection ; established 10 years.-33 Preston- street. Hulrae, Manchester.

WANTED RESPECTABLII GENERAL, for 3 in family; no cooking, no washing ; light easy place; £l2 to £16.-34, DonoTHY-STREET, Edge Hill, Liverpool. CIRCUS, QC &EN-STREET, WARRINGTON GRAND RE-OPENING B Y TEXAS JACK. (THE GREAT AMERICAN WAR SCOUT). FOR SFIORT SEASON ONLY, AN IDEAL REPRESENTATION OF THE COW- BOY'S LIFE. TEXAS JACK'S PRAIRIE LIFE. Marvellous Feats of Horsemanship, Rifle and Pistol Shoot- ing, Buck Jumping, Horse Tralningjand Lasso Throwing. Doors open at 7, commence at 7.30. Morning Performance every Saturday at 2.30. Admission 23, is 63, Is, 6d, and 3cl.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ROYAL COURT IHEATRE, WARRINGTON, DECEMBER Urn, 12T0, 13Ta. THE WARRINGTON DRAMITIC SOCIETY, WILL PRODUCE ''l' I I TDLER." BY C. HADDON CHAMBERS.

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR , ALL DISEASES OF raE BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities. CURES PIMPLES ON THE FACE. CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had Seen in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state' to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do. (Sigu ed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES Is. AND Is. 93. PER BOTTLE. SULPHUR TABLETS CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OF THAT • OLD FASHIONED REMEDY. PRICES 6D. AND lID. PER BOX. Containing double the quantity usually sold. COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS, Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Mezereon Root, Licorice, te. 8D PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS. Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, Ac. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one oparation. Usual 6d size for 4d., Is size for Bd., • 2s 65 size for la 51 per bottle. FURNITURE CREAM. Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and Ff ench-polished Furniture with half the usual labour,a Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 65 bottle for 43., Is. bottle for 73. BRUNSWICK BLACK. Will make Ironwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine of patent leather °ems does to a well aressed woman. 63. size for 4d. MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT. As used by Cabinet; Makers, Gliders and Decora tors. Has the original brightness of Geld, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 70. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 25. for Id. is. tins for 43. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA. Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery,imirrors,windows„cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, dm., from wash-boards and floors. It Is also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 105., small trial size 6d. HAT VARNISHES. Before the great picture exhibitions in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fingers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day. when they varnish last season's bat to do another turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this purpose. Price 4P per bottle. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREETWARRINGTON, 5, BRIDGE-STRbIET

JOHN EISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, cSt VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN ESISON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS :-19, THYNNE-STRRET.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Bound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 128 6d. Liverpool Agent : It RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and Gold-filled at Lowest Prices Current.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 10s. OD, AND £l5 15s. OD SOLE.DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS L ITED, 74 BOLD ,STRERT LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. - LISTS Alio PARTICULARS FREE BF POST.

GREAT CASH SALE. PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PRE3IISES IN DEANSOATE 1.0 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GRATES. RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCKS. IRONMONGERY, HORTICULTURAL IMPLEMENT& PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS WORK, Ac., Ac. LEECH BROS, & CO., 20 AND 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE Consumption. BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE Asthma. INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S , CHLORODYNE Spasm. 24 doses for 2s. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIYIRKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVEE WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. £2 bs, (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of CLOCKS, SILVER and ELECTRO PLAT& 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

THE EXAMINER SERIES THE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn- fag. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rTHE Widgets Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and a rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Mil-Cheehire Examiner, pub - lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 E 7 as 45 54

THE EXAMINER. OCTOBBR 11TE 1901.

three-quarters, J Jolley and J Richardson, halves; S Walker, R Farmer, W Lightfoot, J Langley, W Woods, J Williams, F Gayter and S Brookes, for- wards. Reserves, II Jones and G Messenger.

WE SHALL HAVtc RAIN SO BE PREPARED AND' HIVE GOOD BOOTS. AND REMEMBER, YOU CANNOT DO BETTER THIN TRY A PAIR OF ALP TAYLOR's WONDERFUL BOOTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. 451 HORSESIARKET STREET. WARRINGTON. SUPPORT YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

VP PER IMPERIAL QUART di U (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTLIEI AND IRkB. WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. I/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations)

• EVERY PREPARATION IN A MORE EXTENSIVE SCALE THAN USUAL FOR THE AUTUMN AND WINTER. ALL UP-TO-DATE IN STYLE. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEUARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES,NBm4 GO TO W ILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET). LIVERPOOI

RUGBY ;FOOTBALL,' changed the venue and Hallam was tackled on the line when waiting for the ball to go dead. Danbavin got hold from the serimmage and forced his way over HOW TO GET A I.;ILLIARD TABLE FOR at the corner, thus giving his side the lead. Only a 18s 6d.—GE.' U. BIISSEY & CO., of 36 & 38 minute elapsed before Hallam was at fault again and Queen Victoria Street, make an ingenious set of arrance- Davies coming no at full speed took the ball from the merits whereby a good game of Billiards can be playeA on an full back and scored a second try, Dunbavin kicking ordinary dining table, an easy goal. Warrington were now overplayed at all The fittings are easily fixed. and do no damage to the table. I points and the versatile Dunbavin increased the agony The price ineudes everything reguirel to play the game. Ask the local Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet and by a lovely drop from near halfway. Warrington made Indoor Games List. Factory—Peokbara, S.E.—(ladvt. 4.) lanother excursion to the Leigh half and it looked for a minute as if Fish and Isherwood would score, but the opportunity was lost. Ganley made one or two good runs down the left wing, but after beating Harris he found Hockenhall a stumbling block. Play continued one sided to the close when Warrington retired beaten by 3 goals 2 tries (12 points) to 1 try (3 points). Runcorn v. Hunslet. There was but a poor crowd at Irwell•lane on Satur- day to watch the initial meeting of these clubs. Runcorn made one or two changes flunslet turning out as advertised. There was a strong wind blowing from end to end and the ground was a trifle slippery owing to one or two heavy showers just before the match. Th match was delayed at ls ast half an hour owing to thee visitors' baggage being delayed at Manchester. They were supplied with local white jerseys. The teams faced each other as follows : Runcorn.—Houghton, back ; Wilkinson, Warder, Butterworth and Moran, three quarters ; Jolley and Richardson, halves; Walker,Farmer, Lightfoot, Langley, Woods, Williams, Gayter and Dixon. Hunslet : Wright, back ; Hannah, W Goldthorpe Whitely and Horne, tbreequarters ; A. E Goldthorpe and T Gillings, halves ; Shooter,Wilson,Glew, Brooke, Lunn, Bageott, Walsh, Ramage and Wray, forwards. Runcorn lost the toss,Farmer starting against a strong breeze. The home contingent at once contested matters in the visitors' quar!ers where for a few minutes some exciting play was witnessed. From a Forum Richard- son secured, handing to Butterworth who dodged his opponents finely and scored a well merited try. Jolley failed at goal. Play settled at centre, Butterworth lo.ing conspicuous in stopping Horne as he was about to break away. Moran, at a critical moment saved. Shortly after Runcorn wero penalized A Goldthorpe taking the kick which went just outside. Hunslet continued to force the game but aided by the strenuous exertions of Jolley the hall was worked away. A combined movement by , Jolley, Walker and Wilkinson took the leather from end Ito end where Warder scored a splendid try. The goal kick again failed. The game became a trifle uninterest- ing, a poor kick by Wright giving .Runcorn the advan- tage. Hannah was thrown in touch when on the line but immediately after Goldthorpe dropped a fine goal. Runcorn continued to press and half time arrived with Runcorn leading by two tries to Hunslet a goal. At the restart, Runcorn, aided by the wind, attacked strongly. Hunslet were penalized, Houghton making an ineffectual shot at goal. Thu same player was also I conspicuous in stopping several dangerous rushes of the visitors. Butterworth with a splendid tricky run carried the ball on the line slipping when on the point of scor- ing. Scrummaging ensued, Runcorn combining splen- didly. Butterworth and Moran mach fine run, along touch, which, however, lacked finish. Several chances were missed owing to the home pack being too eager play settling in the visitors' quarters. Wright dallied with the ball too long and was grassed by Butterworth grandly on the line,Lightfoot touching the leather down as it slipped from the grasp of the visiting custodian. Jolley failed at goal. Hunslet could not stop the rush of the home forwards and two minutes later Moran crossed the line but an apparently fair try was disallowed. Hunslet were still kept busy on the defence. Wright saving at a critical moment and changing the venue to midfield. For obstruction the visitors were penalized Farmer failing at go tl. Houghton was again well to the front with several tricky runs, Butterworth gathering and handing to Walker who scored between the posts Farmer landing a goal. Runcorn continued to have the best of the game and romped over again the visitors being quite demoralized. Time arrived with Runcorn leading by 19 points to Hunslet two points. Broughton Rangers v. Swinton. Owing to the rivalry which exists between these clubs, and both of them being undef3sted in the league, much interest was centred in the encounter. People thronged the Swinton ground, and long before the time to commence there were over 10,000 present. Gradually the Rangers forced Swinton back when Chorley had his kick charged down, and the home line was reached. Here 9 James passed the ball to W James, who ran and passed to Hogg to score a try for the Rangers. Preston kicked a capital goal for Swinton. At half time the Rangers led by three points to two. In the second half both aides attacked in turn. Result :—Broughtou Rangers, one try (three points); Swinton, one goal (two points). Oldham v. Brighouse Rangers. At Oldham. Both clubs were well represented, but the weather was against a large attendance. The visi- tors pressed at the outset, and Thomas was compelled to touch down and kick dead twice in the first five minutes. The home team then brightened up, and a Prolonged attack ended in Huzzey scoring. Arthur Lees added another try very soon after, and before the interval Huzzey scored again after a pretty race along the touch line, and Sam Lees kicked A goal. Very shortly after the opening of the second half the Rangers secured their only points, Saville kicking a splendid goal from a penalty kick from almost the centre of the field. After this the defence of the visitors proved quite incap- able of contending with the dashes and the passing of

_ atempAwit,„ 7gar. *OS, i 2 et- b Agy Color, , 1 111 - Pattern; or Size. Flannelette, 2/3, 2b/- doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- doz.; Untearable. 3/6, WA dozen. rl, Shill Guards ti KNICKEFIS. (ALL LEATHER) . White-1/4, 1/11, 2/6, 3/0 per pair :‘,.4,. 101 d, 1/6) 1/11, Navy-1/0,2/6,3/6 • cT:. - 2/6, 2/11. _ • . 4/6, 516 per pair • Cii ROME. " 'The Forward' t i " The SCOT" y A , // ,',, 6/ ) 0/6. Unman. ~..- •,, The Marvel same %..... 619 vale. pattern browne/- _' 11., ' ' 5 "' i rer OTHEIt PATTERNS AND QI7ALITIES, SEE CATALOGUE.

Ring . . 2 League , 3 Centre Half 7/ / 13 4 Klynker . 6,11 5 5 Shuteezi .

, • " i °COE I Ctt FREE. R D LIVERPOOL s:„ ;

si There Is Security in A fell 'robs en bho 1-,,- o every iticrning CARTER S 4.,•. ITTLE 1%!, :-- :_, „ ~..4. of i s &..., &mall 1111. m • p; small Do , , Mee "Ade' liil, ..... Will Sweeten thz. and make all the dl"" edit • _4 Absolutely cure Sick I , Headache, tween— friliotosness, Torpid Liver. Indi- gestion, Constipation, Dizziness, Furred Tongue, They Touch the ititi..i• ebre. me may ar. azzu ctrbieePormematp4tl77'T:foetettthhhr Taa:r.nonwddidft

, 'WOULD YOU HAVE 0 ISOFT VELVETY 1 SKIN ? le,Sc lg ' 1 Ilea use s'e! - 1. L• i • ee" will 1 I -: • 11' 444' 4. re IY • v,,,,, 4 Ai, eno• ir, da , .. rernove a ' I .- '''' ROUGHNESS,CHAPS 1 , ', ,-• TAN, IRRITATION, C:te in a very short tin" Bottles M.BEETHAM 6d.Js.,and2s.6. CHELT

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON• ----- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be post ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan .6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, helwall, Newchurah a.m.—Bewley, Grappenhall. Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 ama.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, aad the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Walesa and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, °Wand, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liverpool, Southoort, 'Or mskirk. Bath, florist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S•East Lancashire, and Scotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, IV,gan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwieli and Samlbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Froisham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch. Newton-le Willows, Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Be wsey TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:— 1 To By Posen 1 Callers. I 7_o a. tm m..

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TRAM. DATE. CLUB. GROUND, 19)1. Points For Ag'st Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn. Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home 23 Halifax away 3) St. Helens Dec. 7 Batley away 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield home 25 Leigh 26 Runcorn 28 Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home Feb. 1 Salford home 8 Huddersfield ......... 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford 8 Hunalet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan 12 19 Champions v Rest 26 Final Cup Tie BUNCO RN. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 26 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheevlle Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland In Cum. 21. Broughton Rangers home 25 (Xmas Day) Broughton R home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 18 Salford home 1902. Jan. 1 Hull home 4 Broughton Rangers 11 18 Leigh away 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Rangers 11 (Shrove Tuesday) Halifax away 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Semi.final Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Rest 26 Final Cup Tie LA.NCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. IWIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1991. Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham home 28 0 Oct. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan home 26 Birkenhead home P. 6 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lanes. Nov 2 Stockport away 9 Barrow home 16 Altrincham 16 Lancs. v. Yorkshire in Yorkshire 23 39 Millom home Dec 7 14 Lancaster home 21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas Day) gs (Sank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 4 II Barrow away 11 Lance, v. Cumberland. in Lancs. 18 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Horliets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens home 15 Cup Tie, Askam 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup lie 12 19 26 Cup Tie ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ags t Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster ll..me 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 28 Rochdsle Hornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 19 26 Lancaster away 26 Lancs. v Cheshire, in Lancs. Nov. 2 Radcliffe away j'l6 Birkenhead away 16 Lanes. v Yorkshlre,in Yorks. 23 Millom away 30 Dec. 7 Radcliffe home 14 Barrow away 21 Morecambe away 25 (Christmas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) 28 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrincham away 11 Lanes. V Cumberland in Lance, 15 Stockport home 18 25 Feb. 1 8 Millom home 15 Birkenhead home 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tie. Hull Kingston It—. away 29 Cup Tie April Cup Tie

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such x• COCKL'3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer thei: purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. coCKLa S FREE rROM MERCURY OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

"WATTIE" DAVIES AND THE WARRINGTON FOOIBALL CLUB. A Refutation. The following letter has been issued to the press : Sir.—Our attention has been called to a letter from " Wattle " Davies which appeared in the " Yorkshire Evening Post "on Saturday the 14th September. We are instructed by theiCommittee of the Warrington Rugby Football Club to say that the statements therein contained are grossly misleading. It is quite untrue net Davies was struck by a specta ter whilst walking down the touch line. He was the aggressor and was so violent that be had to be removed by the police to the pavilion and afterwards to the dressing room. The summons which be states was taken out by him was only taken out after he had been served with a summons for assaulting a spectator named Brown, and was taken out by his solicitor simply as a matter of form. but Davies was neither struck on or off the field of play. It was at the earnest request of Davies and his solici- tor that the complainant and the committee withdrew the summons, upon Davies agreeing to apologise to the complainant and the committee, and be agreed to the apology being published in the Warrington papers and Paid all the costs of the prosecution. This is all the publicity the Warrington Committee have given to this unpleasant incident. Davies stated in his letter that " he was persuaded to come to terms to his sorrow." No pressure was brought to bear upon him to come to terms by ourselves or our clients as be was represented by his solicitor who advised him to settle the matter as stated in order to avoid a • conviction being recorded against him,thereby bringing the Batley Club into bad repute. The fact of the matter is,.that if he. had appeared before the magistrates the prosecution would have adduced ample evidence to have convicted him of a brutal and cowardly assault. The rest of Davies's letter is ridiculous and further comment is needless, Yours faithfully. (Signed) DAVIES AND FORSHAW. Sankey-street, Warrington. Burgess and wattle" Davies Sus- pended. : Meeting at Huddersfield Yesterday. At a meeting of the Northern League held at the George Hotel, Huddersfield on Friday afternoon Mr J. Clifford. Eluddersfield, presiding, the case of Davies, Batley, and Burgess, Warrington, came on for hearing. The referee and others gave evidence as to the alleged fighting, after which the committee decided to suspend Burgess for a month and Davies for 2 months.

„THE NEW, FRENCH REMEDY. TH ER /I PION This successful and highly popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hithertoemployed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tio..., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars Bend stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQL'A.RE, LONDON, W.O

MANLY MEN; Why suffer": from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows Inve every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly ciL. ,d without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud ovarsnteecl genui '• I cannot find words to express .w nou. us am. I used to think I never would gee cure 1. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.—C,F.M." I nave carried out your Instructions, and am now per fectly well.--3.F:' Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.D. Sendat once and be cured. la Years Continuous Succeed

00 00000 O.• • • 00000 • 0 000004 • 0 0 • 0 A thoroughly reliable beverage 0 0 used in the household, field, or 0 camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 2, 0 0 Coffee Essence. In small and large bottles from all Grocers. 0 5 00 • 0000000000000 • o 0000000

THE GREAT REMEDY. 01'1 itThu T-FN FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIAT ICA. LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pin is quickly relies ed. Sure Sale elective. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s Si.

Is a wonderful waterproofer of BOOTS & }LIU S Sof Dales' tens and presirta 3 tae leather Pleasant.) L.) tr, 4llows pc!.:sh. Ing with t) GOLD MEDAL 22 I; Xlllll/TIlflN AVVA. (DS. Bubb° Tins ad., 6d, I - 67' afi Boot ' Makers r onmonvors &Y. 114,zna ac‘ory D ukunck, London,

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Per...Vs surrounded with inflammation and swollemthat when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, Si not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power ta% tralk. You may have attended various hospitals andl had medical advice and b een told yOur case is hopelesss or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for 1.4 can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send ati once a Postal Order for Cs. 6d. to It. W. ALBERT, 734 Parringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Polls, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee.; Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Gand.a. a.nib Bunions. IR egisteredeopyrig ht.l

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &O. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. ERRYYTEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

,',Pill 1; " k:SlV:'ite . -5. , •..4.1-1,200.,.4„,,.: _ ... . • ..„, •_. , DON I COUGH USE , • "! KEATING'S LOZENGES -*, FOR YOUR COUCH. . •,- ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL TOT', "there , Is no better Cough Medicine."—One gives .. relief: if you suffer from cough try them but once; they ail/ cure, and they e ill not injure your health; an increasing ...... sale of over eo years lea certain test of , their value. Sold In laid. ttni.

NERVOUS DBBILITY, LOSS OF ...AL POWER AND ENERGY.—A gentleman, havin been a great sufferer, will be pleased to forward a Physician's Prescription, which cured him. This Prescription was the result of twenty years' rase-rch, and sufferers will find it to remove any Nervous Disorder. of however long standing. It is certain in its action end is convenient to use Send stamp addressed envelope to GEORGE WRIGHT, Esq., Colne louse, Lee. London. SAL, and name this paper.

Ladies . • Figure • • Prominently • • among the most graceful, when wearing the • , uhd I - W ^ t .)* •11` , ammx•ww Patent Side-Spring COR-n/SET. 1, MIIMINIMMME Beautiful in Construct ion. Unriranat in Style. ConStructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the movements ot the body, and the side supports are unbren !able. Modelled in different shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3/11, 5/6, $3/11, and 10/6. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of neuron agent. Insist on leaving thei.B. Side-S.,ering Corset—Tlee Best IMPORTANT.—The wear of every J. B. Corset IS absolutely ouaranteerWthe SoLit MANUFACTITItitit, J. Et. EILAX7Et, Great Aneoats Street, MANCHESTER.

T OWgPFNNYROYAL LEs PILLS :a. & S:EEt FIEMALE-S. • QUICINX.Y 'OOItnECT .ALL .nutzGtruarrsts, PIENOVI ALL -oBSTRUCSIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms so • prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li& 213 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere 'on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Con Atanufacturers,' Dryden St., Nottingham. Rewire o i ts and worrints: fhtrsq, '

• The well known vitalizing effects of a cl.p of strong Coffee can be secured directly by using Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence.

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. . • Tloys tLfd Girls can get a NICKEL- • PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and CHARM,forsellingll dozen packages of ilp BLITINE at Fivepence anon. Send your ' full address including name of County, LA • ' by return mail, and we will forward the Bluine post paid, and a large premium list. No money requimd. BLUIN E Co. (Department F 1), .1 241, Gipsy Road, West N orwood, London, S.M.

A „s, . • ? _,- -.., .. , . . ~ . SPECIAL OFFER! i THE NEW CIRCULAR SKIRT, _ 10-In. Lined throughout. , : 411111 BLACK or NAVY. Carriage Paid. . I In °Merino, state waist , , measurement anti length. Satisfaction Guaranteed. ~ H. MORDY, Manufacturer, LEEDS. '.. t

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is Et good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes .3n further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with theutmost confidence lecommend it 0 our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Bloc.' Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, Its effects are mary Klous. It is the only real specific for Gout and /Mourne* Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thr,usands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY aZ;COLN. Beware et worthless imitietions

40INTMENTO CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT: QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

05 Liberal IL IC. if-M 0 7R E " REFEREE " SHIN CUARDS. THE "H 0 LBO RN " 04;9 10/6 4. _ ~..,•c-,-,,-,,, 10/6 (All guards strapped across.) 6/3 ,e ~... 6/3 0 7140) a 8 _...:.;.=-,-,..,"7-'4' - - • ,Av , k 0 ... • -.-- 4,,A:,:. ,7 c L. o Also v : '-er) er 'k Also Also If nr Lib- ..7`07,* '''.z' Also 8 . _ 141,„,Lii LL ' ' 1 kvecion;tm .....,: • ' . •.-'..,wi,,,,,,, Rugby .4-. -_,4 i Rugby /iit, , ! . Rugby - - ..,!::7e, V- -.. Rugby g 0 44-zy .„--_-/p- irir vI- , i - • • - 8 1. Strong linen canvas. cane- A strong serviceable ball, stout cow-hide Perfect in shape. Welted seams. 'Waterproof. protected, with continuous band-sewn cases. complete with beat rubber 8 stmps and buckles ...93d. bladder. , ~,,..' 0 Every section stretched and 2. Leather ... ... No 3 size ~ ... 41e 1 No. s (match site) o,ii gia 3. Leather, lined chamois ... 1/6 '4 ~ .... ... 5/6 „ 6 size ... ... 7/3 ..". hammered. 4. Tan Cape. lined chamois 2/3 " 1:2 Postage td. Shin and Ankle Guards, frum 21/- in each case. Price 106 post free. Puatage ad. For other qualities see list. i) * 0 SPECIAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) * HOCKEY STICKS. 4} 0 t„. hegtillition Ash, plain .... The . ' -.- ' .., '-49, Min4le !mutable for C.,1 "GANKICK" . 11l . 1., 6`,,, ladie4 & you Tbs. 23 0 . -silq4 Da SY, Pliable. ' ' . 4. * Regunition Ash. es Ensures a '' 4,,, bound lothol,ii [I A flrin grip and , ... . - •,,,. ',", \ Vt. weight 3.- .. ' 1 great power , 0 Brown,lwhen IP 0 • Russet Clit, Strong Hemp. steam tarred, wood pegs ... 33/. % 8 Men's, 3/11 Duro, with iron pegs and steel rope ... ••• SSI- er Youths'. 7/11 Very stout Hemp cord, steam tarred, with Best Ash,all . Best qnality studo pegs ... ... ... ... ... ••• 4_31. cane handle, , c; to order, Ditto, with iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 6610 bound and 6t. . . .., 12/6 Special cheap line, with ash pegs and strong polished, edusl ",,... vo heap bead lines ... ... ... ... ... 31/- to sny ctub in the lit, - guarantee'! IUNDRIES. Price, 4/6 - ---- ''' Mweae - ;tag, 2a. Do., with cork grip ... ... ... 06 if , Do., t-ine and riii.isw handle, Sill i Thi The eamage“Chemptext" 7,3 . ettell. doz. .. st.ouo -•• ... 71- , single stick, NI. , § . I .er,k,r • i ''''lrrTrr'"..72•3 \‘, A "?. VII.

1 FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. : FOOTBALL KNICKERS„ , "sa. All colours and (Wide legs.) ~,,...41( ir, ~ coine,h:= of _ White '.' i 4 SwanSclovrn, 114 :,?:,:\N: s.';‘, \ \ Strollg Du ekski n. white 1/10 ••,• , • Special designs V,N,',.. . -.._... • - . , . quoted fur. ' ~.‘., \ Flannelette— • . . Plain colours. •\.., , "..avy Blue strong lad* ale ‘N. 111;;:71.11,419411 Halves revers' i ~.%,. .. .N, '..,..\, . 7 ulte Lambskin. : . ) ' 21-, 211 • All Wool, extra 2 14 4 12.24)41, 123 .in aillLtan6d4sT,'sll4.r/li Best All Wool, plain colours or halves ..,‘,„ _. , White Flannel,3(ll reversed, 519. 716. ah ~, Extra strong, 541 ..: ProOrme on single Pint- 01 .." Postage ad. pair, 2 pairs 4d. Write for 111-- :.. ~.,:.....1..,. alogue, Post Free. Orders over 10,

FRIARS' GREEN. Warrington Opi. -mite Arpley Rta°°•.,l3. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late lissenhigs" h' S. T. WARD AND MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, 86C"ta. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monama Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LSTTER CUTTING. AND OLBANING SXIS MONUMBETS A SPECIALITY. -erri as a Warrington.—Printed and Published by Josif Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works. 7 god street, and publisheill by them at the same Cbolevo9 also at the The Examiner: Offices, Victoria-road. Wett..glitrie:ot 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3. mark BABLEaTovrar,- in the County of Lancaster and irOl CcT. St. RUNOonif ,In tbe County of Chester.
