===== 0002601_19010125_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BERESFORDS

77., CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

END OF SEASON SALE.

LADIES ANDEIGENTLEMBN'S

WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES,

AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. • CYCLE CAPES Fnom 2s. Iln. GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 148. 11D. J. E. HUGHES AND SONS,

36, PABADISE-STREET

(OFF CHUROH-STREBT). LIVERPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. t A FEW ODD GARMENTS mom 58.11 D.

MR. AND MRS. GARTLAND and FAMILY de.ire to THANK their NUMEROUS FRIBNDS for KIND SYMPATHY In their great trouble. _ _

MATSMATS —For GARDENERS Fold FURNITURE RE- MOVERS.—G. M. 7onle. 9,Blaokfrlars-st.Manobeeter.

lIRMAIS . —Wood Hurdle'. Hates. etc.-6 M. Jottug, 9, Blacktriare-et. (late Victoria Bridge), Manchenter.

_ 110 SHIP and Basket Makers. Om Sale Cane Willows Hazels &o.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blaoktrlows-st. Manchester.

WINES and SPIRITS: finest quslitv.—Send for price Hot to 14 .M. JONES, 9. Blafddriars-*t. Manchester.

V EAST I IMAST " Nagle," Half Moon!' D.O Va "Tan garoo" Brand.—G.M. Jolfaa.9,Blackfrtare-6t.Manaheeter

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER.

EDWARD BINNION, 4 AIIDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

ARTIFICIAL TEETEL

===== 0002601_19010125_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
N •44,1 titer, tar Abilt

ONECIPENNY

SPECIAL NOTICE.

FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.

KEATING'S POWD4I. KEATING'S POWD"i KEATDOS POW 4 R. !Kills- Pleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. Xill Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Pleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, ; Tins 3d., 61, J/ NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3c1., 6d., 11- NEW BELLOWS, 9&; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/ Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Bold In Tins, 3d, 6d., and Is., also In the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEMLES, MOTHS.

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOOKS FOR 1901, TOWITHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS, 00 TO T. CLARK'S, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33. MARKET-STREET, RA.ELEBTOWN

By Port{ " 73id Per Quarter, 6.64 per enntadi xi; gd. pa Quart= erect

(Telephone 1680).

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

I :I THE A NGLO AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), L 1 D.

72, PRINCES ROAD.

CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. MANAGING DIRECTOIII: Da. LA GRANDE, 1.1.D.D.D.5., U.S.A.

!Delicious for Breakfast and after Dinner. In making, nee lees quantity, it being stronger

than ordinary Coffee. SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PR VATS

D ENTIS TR Y. ... . _ 1 TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be . arranged. 1 TEETH All consultations free. I Rub pa tientol TEETH. nwf Orrllll3reeqd required. 1 TBETIL Gold and other Alums at moderato charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction u hitherto by the MS of Nitrous Oxide. , rriBETH. Maker to Dermas of 10,030gallous 1 ..i., weekly. Lion, of the late

J. H. P ARRINBON

(Dame? sr Uwe.). MANCHESTER—._46, MOSLEY-!3TREEr

t3T. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN -...- -7. BRIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRTNGTON ............3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, _3l. BRIDGE-STREET

NORTHWICH-18, APPLIMARKET-STREET ' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, &c., BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANAISSIS-NTTRO GAN lf TO 21. AMMONIA 2 TO 3. PHOSPHATBS PRICE .£2 15s. PER TON.

At Yard or Free on Rails. Bags Free. 5 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. Compare the prise and analysts with other manures. The Manure is sent out in dry friable condition to ensure even distribution and little labour In sowing, and is free from any objectionable smell. After last Season's most satisfactory reports from cus- tomers I have every confidence of again clearing out all my Stock and will be glad to receive Orders Early.

ALWAYS USE NITOTJG.

LADIES' LETTER. U y DEAR NELLIE,

lam of the opinion that light chips and ulna will be much used in the early Spring millinery, and the soft satin braids of last year, as they are so adaptable to the wonderful twisting and twirl- ing which the fashionable toque has to undergo. Indeed, more in the fancifulness of the shape than M the trimming lies the style of the headgear of she moment. The toque, having enlarged its bor- ders and spread its wings, now in virtue of its in- creased size is dubbed a touquet, but the neater toque is still dear to the heart of many a well. woman, who knows what best suits her face and style of hairdressing, and remains faithful bo her ideal. Coloured vests and collars are much worn now, and don't look at all patchy if properly managed. A dark or medium colouring should have a collar and full vest of the new cerise satin, the vest having three-quarter-iuch black lace inser- tion applied lattice fashion, and the collar trimmed in a similar manner, and edged also with narrower insertion. If this sounds like too much colour, have a cream vest, with black lace in the same fashion, or with groups of five tucks set across or downwards, according as you are slender or the reverse, alternating with stripes of the black in sertion.

ft really seemed that black cloth gowns have been rather out of fashion during the early winter, but a reaction seems setting in in their favour, and some exceedingly stylish models are 11view. One has the skirt-seams marked by bands of

stitched cloth terminating in points 'resting on a small foot-frill of the cloth edged with waved black silk braid, while the very smart Eton coat is trimmed with braid and-strappings, and has bell- sleeves showing under ones of deep rose-red glace, , the vest being of the same. The latter is finished -by a long-ended sash of black satin. There is a ,pretty muff of black velvet, chinchilla, and•rose.red glace to accompany the costume, and a large turban-like toque to correspond. knotherattrac- tive black gown is trimmed with stitched bands of black panne, six or seven edging the alrirt and nearly as many striping the full fronts of the bodice on either side of a pointed vest of black silk covered with cream lace applique. These stitched bands of cloth, panne or glace, are indeed the most popular trimming for all walking dresses, and are only rivalled by the fine tucks-and eordings. Pale grey cloth gowns trimmed with bands of panne look very smart for ceremonions occasions, the fashionable shade being an opalescent bluish tint. The Princess() polonaise is once again, in fashion, as is the perfectly tight bodice which is so becoming to a good figure. The latter, however, is always relieved from absolute plainness by a fur collar or a lace cravat of some kind, and the buttons are invariably smart ones of silver or enamel.

the other day two charming blouses. One cream-tinted guipure over silk. It is made over carefully fitted, well-boned lining, and has none that superfluous fulness at the waist which makes so many blouse-bodices look unfinished and untidy. The shaped collar is in panneof a reddish many() colour, and bands of similar panne encircle the sleeves above the elbows. The folded waist. belt is also made of panne. Silk fringe borders the collar. T‘.e full vest is made of silk muslin, and the puffs of the sleeves match it. The neckband and undersleeves are lace sewn with silver sequins. The other blouse is black silk with revers faced with fancy embroidery on cream-coloured canvas. The fulness is drawn down under a band of the same, and the collar is also in the embroidery.

4ck plush is a geei deal seen just now in warm Ater capes and jackets. Many of these are .ichly braided or embroidered, and have fu: r jet trimmings on the collar and revers or round the edge. Some have the sack back, either plain or with guipure or jet across the shoulders, trimming - match ornamenting the front. Jet is not so meh wo-n as itws. no dresses that are a mass of celluloid sequins constitute a real danger, not only to the wearer herself, but to every one lightly dre6sed who is in her vicinity. The celluloid is highly inflammable, and a spark from a cigarette or a too close pro,:imity to a fire or a gas jet may be quite enough to cause a terrible accident, with results of the grimmest kind. Let every one who possesses a drum of the kind take off a sequin or two from an under seam and experiment with these. If a lighted match set to them cause no ignition or smouldering, then all is safe. But should the sequins catch fire or even smoulder, the experi- menter can readily picture for herself the con- dition of her arms should a pair of sequined sleeves catch fire. The scare about the cheap, inflammable, imitation tortoise-shell combs seems to have ended, but it is to be feared that numbers of these combs and slides are still sold.

Your loving, JuNntis.

THE MOST NUTRITIOi;:;.

, t ' 7 : • - - ', ---N kl. ‘, •• ' 4/1 'f, , • / - , .1' . fr, A \ . ',•.,.. 1 -. , t. ° - Th)• ".0 ..*.k. ..- ,•- •:_ , - i,- i

. „ , ~,,,,44,,'11g7,1:.:.ii,,•1.--,,,,, / / :,,, , .. (// , r.„"t 1,'4',, 4,p,; \ , / ,• . ~. t „ , , /.,///,,,,i,:::,:„ -,--=4.,, i.„, 4 , / / / / / / ••• . 'll, /1/1/1-0: oec ~,,, v. i qt, /„,., ..,,„ ~ ) / / ~ ~,.„4i.„,,,,, , . ~,-,11. ,-.., / ~,,,,,„, ::.,,, //, 4/ 't,„,,;,i,,, I I, vtrt// . •,/ ‘ j saw th- is - a of

...INAL, • ,PiP,•'".% r .., , :.,` - , '..-77•••• .:, : C . : ' '.4„,•...e....• Ta- • • ,i'l -''..'... • ' r" 't7, -' 0 „„ - -i, •;///A ._' •,, ://0/,,,,`„, 9 ' . / ..." i , h ~ , r • Blar , -

to

===== 0002601_19010125_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
R. CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

I AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
J. TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURRR, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

SLAucarrEß YARD. LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS : —TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

IT. T. G ILLIGAN

(17PWARDSIIOF 18 YEARS WITEITHBILATB JOHN hi. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

FISH, GAME, AND

POITLTRY 'SAIM-SIIIN.

33, BUTTERIIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and be bopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage. G-

EDDES DANDELION COFFER

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblit. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Clanlate 64.. 104.. and Is. EU. each.' " _

Who Jessie by -1:;13SON. LTD WARRINGTON

lISTABLIIIED 1833

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT.

BASS'S MILD awn BITT—ER AINS ALLSOPPI3 MILD AIM BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. • To be had In CASK or 'BOTTLES f rons B. CUNN I NGHA M! WINWICE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sorew-stappnred Itnttles. Telephone No. 179. STORES, OWEN STREET.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT LOWE,

ESTATB AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALDE:R. Office and Salerooms : No. I; BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. L 5. Dash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Seoond-hand Furniture and other Goods 0013- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &0., warehoused.

A BOON TO

LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS.

SWEETSIAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10e. TAILS OF PURE HAM FROM ss. 6n. Bent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. Bn. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADYEESS

._._ . w. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

I TXTEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- V V carat Wedding Rings; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SBVER SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post tree.—EUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1884.

CLEARANCE SALE: PREMISES COMING DOWN BARGAINS IN VIOLINS, BOWS. OASES, BIC, NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.

JOAN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN &TARIM AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Cbanot REINSHAVV-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCO, CIGAR C turARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRRET, MANCHNSTKII. Established 61 Years

MADE IN SWITZERLAND. No pins or projections to time sheets. SWEBTI3ST IN TONS; AND HES IN QuALITY. A SPNCIALITY. BRITISH MADB VASES. STELLA MUSICAL BOX. To be bad of jewellers and :nude seders. Sole wholesale agent for Great Britain. :ALFRED GEATER, 105, ST. JOHN ST-ROAD, late A. Palllard, 28, Berner-strett, London, W.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EPP7%'S

GFATEFUL-COMFORTING.

."1' C 4111 A Ova'

REAKFAST-e P P ER.

4 - ', • .1 4°o

===== 0002601_19010125_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THEJ 0H N set.Crjß CATALOGUES NOBLE SALE POST FREE

WOMEN'S CHAT.

Few among us can realise as yet, that our beloved Queen has left us, that her long and glorious reign is really at an end. To the great majority,—who have known no other Sovereign,—it will seem sadly strange that a time could be when Her Majesty had no part in the daily round. But in our hearts our Queen can never die. the Qusea we have reverenced, and loved so long. Osborne House where Her Majesty passed to her rest, is of all the Royal residences the most comfortable. There is nothing about it of the vastness of Windsor,and on the other hand, there is no cramping a room as at , Balmoral. Very soon after her marriage. the Que?e made up her mind that she must have some home of tier I very owe, where beneath the shade of clustering trees, and accompanied only by the song of birds, she could cast aside the splendours of court life, forget for a time Prime Ministers and Privy Counsellors, and give full vent to that tender love for her husband, and that maternal solicitude for her young family which have been the two most beautiful traits in a character ever womanly and pure. That her Marety was more than satisfied with her marine home is fully set forth in a letter written soon after acquiring it, to her uncle Leopold. King of the Bel- giana, wnich ran as follows:—" It is impossible to see a prettier place, with woods, and valleys, and points of view that would be beautiful anywhere but when coin— I bleed with the sea (to which the woods grow down to a beach which is quite private) it is really everything you I could wish.''—ln tbis peaceful restful spot, our Sover-- eign spent, what has proved to be, the last Christmas of her life, a spot which—the tut sad joerney Windsor accomplished—can know her no more. From the earliest part of her reign,the Queen showed a determination to keep in her own hands, the appoint- ment of those serving in her households. Much devoted attention did Her MajEety give to the selection of these individuals,with the result that she was always ex- cellently served. Never would the Queen permit in- solence to a servant, and often has she rebuked her grandchildren and great-grandchildren for any want of civility to their attendants. In this,as in so many other divers ways,we should do well to follow in Her Majesty's footsteps. Courtesy to servants should early be in- stilled into the minds of the little folk!, and the least incivility, or want of consiaeration immediatly checked. Rare indeed is the individual, seen abroad, who has not vet paid the last respect, possible to our lamented Queen and donned mourning. That the supply of black ebould have been equal to the demand is little short of marvellous when we take into consideration tha huge dimensions of that demand. With regard to the London season, this of course will 13,-.t be passible, and the many lovely " creations " already completed, or in course of construction, for the Eirly Drawing Room., wit!, alas, not now be ruseded. Sombre indeed is our attire just now, a state ot affairs which blends exactly with our

feelings. Few people nowadays dress their children in black possibly following the fathion set t.y the Duchess of York, wh ha, never allowed her little ones to he so garbed, deciding when in maiming, for white only. About the wiFdom of such a precedure there can be no possible d,ubt. A child ore.sed in black is a sorrowful sight, and sorrow and the little tolks should ever be kept as far apart as possible. The clouds must we know come later, we should therefore see to it that the sun- shine at last outlasts childhood's days. Many modistes nowadays make a speciality of chil- dren's clothes, an item to be thankful for, as the ordinary shop sins horribly in dribbling little trimmings about a child's frock, making it fussy without being fit, and giving an air of vulgarity to the nicest little girl. There should be nothing ineonssquent about a child's frock, i: should entirely appeal to our sense of fitness, which it may do if rightly designed, without a suspicion of being uninteresting and ugly. The huge sash has !almost' disappeared, the soft-fringed variety now—

_ . happily—reigning in its stead. Large picture hats—hlack of 'course, have again re- turned to favour. Generally speaking they are eminently becoming, very picturesque, and in common with most black things, have a happy knack of not dat- ing from the day they are bought. Millinery is unques- tionably growing less costly as the years go on. Many leading firms have for some time turned out effective ter:lnm and bats at considerably below the sum that would have been demanded a few seasons back, with the result that they are doing an immense business In thei-i I lava vriiere. !a I be seen wearing the same hat or toque more than a very few times is looked upon almost as a social crime, few care to pay for headgear the figure they were wont to, when change and variation was not quite so much the order of the day as it is now. The marriages of American millionaires are usually resplendent affairs. The Vanderbilt wedding at New- port the other day was as brilliant and as unostenta- tious, as a vulgar display of unlimited wealth could make it, but there are occasional exceptions to these magnificent parades. An example was afforded by the marriage of Miss Alta Rockefeilet, to Mr. Pannalee Pren- tice, which was quietly celebrated at the house of her fa‘her in New York, a few days ago. All that Mr. John D. Rockefeller stipulated for was that his son-in-law should be a man of good character, and Mr. Prentice is described as a young barrister, and Sunday school worker, whose share in this world's gods is estimated at £2.000. Elia wife comes to him with £10,000,000, whicb after all, is a mere bagatelle to her father. Mr. John D. Rockeieller, who is s xtv-ooe years of age, is known to make an income of several millions annually, and there Is little doubt that he is more wealthy than all the Rothschild's out together. Spring-cleaning. while you wait, is one of the latest devices from America for simplifying household manage- ment. All that is necessary, is, to apply to the company who will at once send in a competent staff of worsen .and workman, to clean, scrub, polish, and renovate every thing, in the shortest possible time. Instead of dragging on for weelo, turning out first this room and then that, the whole thing will be over in a day or two, andthe house will once more become on's on. There idea certainly has attractions, but we are perhaps scarcely prepared for it, as yet, in this country. The British housewife would hardy like to trust the overhauling of he, pOSREPISICIR3 to strangers, howeve reliable they might be,—and there are many who really delight in a period of household chaos. which is familiar most Penis under the name of "spring-cleaning." Si 9 the idea is all part of the tendency of the times, of which another Px ,mple is afforded by the pr'jct for ueiverng ready cooked dinners at houses,just the same as the baker and the milkman leave their supplies. It is in these directions that people will look for the solu- tion of the difficulties caused by the eveii-increasing trouble with servants, and the arrogance of cooka, aid there its liitla doubt shall witness such develop- iii i.he near at.ure.

" MADGE."

TRUSS.—New wishable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climatei : it is light, clean, cool, corrfnrtable. Ana durable; can be worn whilst blthing. WaITH & WitIGHT. Surgical instrument Makers, 93. ltenshaw-3treet, opporite top of Bold-3treet, Liverpool. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF SERGEANT PRICE AT

ORFORD BARRACKS.

"A Gallant Soldier."

It is with regret that we record the death of Superior Barrack Sergeant Price, who peacefully gassed away at Orford Barracks, Warrington, last week. He was 64 years :of age, and he gave 47 years of his life to the service of Her Majesty. During that long term of service, it is a remarkable fact that he only applied for sick leave on one oc- casion, and that was so recent as on Thursday of last week. He died before the sick leave wes re- ceived. For 19 years he had been stationed at Or- ford Barracks, and as he was actively associated with several temperance and religious institutions his figure was weil-known in the town. He was a sidesman at St George's Mission, one of the mana- gers of the parochial schools, a Good Tem- pler and active worker for the Temper- ance cause. He held the Mutiny Medal with two clasps, the medal for meritor- ious service together with an annuity for meritorious service. In India,he served under Lord Wolseley(then Captain Wolseley)and in later years correspondence frequently passed between them. Lord Wolseley on being informed of the death of Sergeant Price, wrote a sympathetic letter to the deceased sergeant's relatives in which he says Sergeant Price was " a gallant soldier, an upright and honest man, upon whom, when I was on active service, 1 could always depend." He enlisted in the 88th Regiment of foot (Con- naught Rangers) at Limerick on September sth 1855, but in the following year he transferred to the 90th Light Infantry (now 2nd Scottish Rifles). After serving at home and in Malta he embarked for China with his regiment.on board the "Transit at Portsmouth, April 6th, 1857. The disasters which this vessel met with culminated in her total loss on a coral reef in the Straits of Sunda on July 9th,1857. The whole of the men spent the next 14 days on the island of Berea and were then taken to Singa- pore. On arriving here they were ordered to pro- c,-ed to India where the Mutiny had broken out. They landed at Chinsurah in Bengal on August 12th, 1857, and at once proceeded up country to join General Havelock's force then marching to relieve the Presidency. On arriving at Lucknow a portion of the 90th, in- cluding the late Superior Barrack Sergeant Price were placed under the command of Major Mclntyre with orders to protect the wounded and the luggage, lof the army in the Alumbagh. The men afterwards joined Sir Colin Campbell's force for the final cap- ture of Lucknow and were present at the subse- quent operations in Oudh. Among the actions in which the late Sergeant Price took part may be mentioned Busserutgunge, September 21st, 1857; 'assault of the Delkoosha Palace, Seraghoose, October 19th, 1857, and Fetteghus on January 3rd, 1858. He was also a member of the storming party that recaptured the 32nd Mess House. So heavy was the fire on this place after its capture that the flag of the 90th planted by Captain Wolseley,until re- cently the Commander-in-chief of the British forces, was twice shot away. For his services in India, Superior Barrack Sergeant Price received the India medal with two clasps and was allowed to Count one year's additional service under a General Order issued 2nd June, 1862 He left India in 1869 and landed at Ports mouth on November 3rd in that year, having been away from England just over 12 years. Having received the medal and gratuity for " long service and good conduct " he was discharged from the 90th as Colour-Sergeant in September, 1875, and joined the Barrack Department of the Army Service Corps in December of that year After spending two years in the North Camp at Alders'oot and live years in Wrexham he was ordered to Orford Barracks in January, 1882, and took charge of the Army Service Corps Stores. He con- tinued to discharge these duties until the last In _

1896 he received an intimation from the Seer etary of State for War to the effect that he had been awarded a medal and annuity for" long and highly meritorious service, including the Indian Mutiny ,Campaign."

vYarrington Man's Adventure at Runcorn.— Committed fol Three Monhts.

- At the Runcorn Police Court, on Friday, before Mr. W Handley (in the chair), and Mr. Edwin thliPol3, Henry flankinson,who hails from Warring- ton, and has been several times convicted for horse and cattle stealing, and has served term of penal servitude, wns charged with fr(quenting Runcorn Docks on Wednesday night, and tailing to give a good account of himself.—llenry Moores, canal Constable, stated that he was on duty in the neigh- bourhood of Runcorn Docks, about 11 p.m. on Wednesday, when be saw the prisoner near the Tidal Dock. Upon observing witness the prisoner concealed himself behind the steam crane, and his movements generally were of a suspicious character Witness went and asked him what he was doing there, and be said lae had come down there to assist to hnul the boats up the locks. Most of the boats, however, had gone at that time, and as witness knew the boatmen would not employ an inexp,r- the police lanced man in that capacity he detained the prisoner and subsequently handed him over to P.C. eo ul and tt etrhbroughtrecentlyr soer come out of to the Warrington Workhouse.—During the bearing satraetgi onlr. )' and hf of the case the prisoner feigned to be very deaf,and unable to hear what Mr Johnson (magistrates clerk) sail -•ven when he shouted at the to of his voic.: —The Bench committed the prsoner to goal tor three months' h ,rd labour, whereupon he promptly said : " I'll do the three months, and I'll see someone else about i afterwards."

===== 0002601_19010125_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
There Is Security In Afe Tvei-Prog':iiii iyARTEits SOZOnoNT Will Svectr tb reath all day, and make all the difference be. Absolutely cure Sick Headache, tween— Biliousness. Torpid Liver, Indi- Zeod Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion. Constipation, Dizziness Whih 'teeth and Yellow Teeth. Furred Tongue. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth Liver. at be ear. they Comple4%ol roste ToilL:zz.

ITTLE IVER small Pill. Small LO. PILLS Bmzul'ri" • cure Sick

tocthbmall

===== 0002601_19010125_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26 1901

PUBLIC NOTICE.

WHEREAS WE, J. and L. HARRIS. of 28 and 30, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, being Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to the Act of Parliament of 1872, do hereby OFFER to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY LOW PRICES, One-third of the Original Cost, the following ARTICLES being good. pledged with us and not redeemed within the statutory period. Each article has been restored to condition equal to new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if required) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned if goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, beauti- fully engraved cases, equal to new, warranted 25 years, £2 10a ; (258) Lady's High-class Gold Demi -Hunting Keyless Watch, plain cases, equal to new warranted 25 years, £5 10s ; (174) ditto, engraved cases, small size €3 18, 65 1(173) similar lot, £4 • ss; (165) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, opal dial, engraved cases, warranted 25 years, £3 10s; (172) similar lot, gold dial, £3 10s ; (187) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. by Elgin Watch Company, warranted 25 years £4 Si ; (156) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very preW watch. warranted 25 years, £3 3s; (153) Lady's Fashionaole Gold Keyless Watch, richly-engraved cases ppm dial. warranted 25 years. £2 7s 63 ; (263) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, very pretty style, richly-engraved eases, warranted 25 years, £3 15s; (456) Lady's I-plate Keyless Watch. by Russell, Church-street. warranted 25 years ; (232) Gent's Gold Key- less Watch, by Platenur warranted 25 years, £3 38 ; (220) Gent's English Lever Watch, by Russell, Church Istreet, in mass' re 18-ct. gold cases, warranted 25 years, E 15e ; (237) similar lot. £9 156 ; (218) ditto, by Harris, £lO (212) ditto, by " Jones," £ll 15s ; (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop. £2 15s ; (412) ditto, £2 12s 6d ; (437) ditto, £2 he 6d ; (652) Diamond and Sapphire Half-hoop, £8 10. ; (107) ditto, £22 10s ; (108) £lB 10s; (169) Five-stone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l5 ; (393) ditto, £35 ; (626) ditto, £3O ; (124) a magnificent Diamond Marquise Ring £37; (599) a lovely Pearl and Diamond Ring, magnificent quality. £25 ; (596) Diamond and Emerald Half-hoop, £7; (102) Diamond and Turquoise Half-hoop; (648) Lady's Five-stone Opal Half-hoop, 18-ot. gold setting, 25s ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoOP Diamond Ring, £5 16s ; (468) ditto. £5 5s ' • (576). ditto. £7 105 ; (187) ditto, £99s ; (851) ditto, £l2 105 ; (447) Gent's Single-stone Old- Brazilian Diamond Ring. £27 lOs ; (101) ditto, £35 ; (89), ditto, £5O ; (589), ditto, £l6 W. ; (153), a Circular Diamond Pendant, to form brooch, composed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55 ; (700) lovely Diamond Star. Brooch or Pendant. £3B 100 ; (555) another, £25 ; (3 8) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch. £7 ; (101) Unique Carved Opal Brooch, £2O ; (750) s. Revel Oriental Pearl and Diamond Necklace, £200; (117); Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashionahle style, £35 ; (104) Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 103 (166) Diamond and Ruby, 15ct, gold, stylish, £8; pretty Pearl Bracelets, from £1 10s ; a large selection of Bracelets, all genuine forfeited pledges ; (1.170 Gent's void Altert. aovernmeat stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, very massive, £5, (1,109) ditto, £4 17s 6d ; (118) ditto,22 15s; '1,334) ditto, £3 3s ; (1.177) ditto £2 10s ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Fetter-link pattern, £2 143 ; (1,299) ditto, £4 Sc; (1,317) £2 108 ; (1.320) £2 13s . • (1,168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern £2 15s ; (124) £2 17e 63 ; (262) £2 10s ; (1,204) £2 5s ; (1,291) Gent's Solid Gold Curb Albert £1 bs, marvel- -10113 value. It is admitted by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Alberts in Liverpool. Over 1,1.00 to select from. Value undeniable. SPECIAL OFFER--A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern- ment stamped each link, over one Ounce in weight, £2 3e 63. Valuables of all kinds Purchased, Exchanged, Sold on Commission, or received (in a confidential manner) as Security for Cash Advances. Any of the above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Quote Number and Article. SEND FOR OUR MONTHLY LIoT OF FORFEITED BARGAiss, POST FREE' Established 1821, Telephone 5,949.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIS'S, 28-30, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL, FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE CHESHIRE LINES RAILWAY.

Delay in Giving Medical. Assistance.

At the Rope and Anchor Inn, Wooleton, on Monday, Mr Jones, deputy county coroner, conducted an inquiry respecting the death of Jams Rantoul:ion, of Wooniton, a labourer, in the employ of the Cneehire Lines Com- mittee. Mr SimpAon (superintendent of the detective department) appeared for the committee, and Mr C Unsworth, of Warrington, for the widow, Ann ilankin- son. _ _ _

-- The deceased's widow stated that her husband left home on January 13:h at 5.35 a.m., in good health. He was brought back at fiva pen., suffering horn injuries to his side, and he died on the 17th inst. Dr Fox was °riled in and attended him up to his death. He told witness that deceased had fractured ribs. The deceased complained to her that be ought to have been brought home sooner, and that he was left in the van at Child wall (where the accident happened)for some tour hours. Inspector Lythgoe asked him if he would like to go to the hosp.tal and he said he preferred to go home —By Mr Uosworth : The deceased WAd in good health, when he left home on the morning of the accident. Luke Dumbell said he was with ballast train No 1 on the day of the accident. He saw deceased standing at the waggon side assisting to unload telegraph poles. The loaders were on the waggon and the nnloaders on the ground. Deceased had been doing flagging deity, but had returned to the waggon when he had finished. Clarke and Fairhurst were at the earns end of the poles as deceased, and the other men were at the other end, One set of men threw the thick end of the pole to the ground, and the thin end at which deceased was stand- ing suddenly flsw up and caught him in the side, knock- ing him off the waggon.—By Mr Unsveurth : They kept deceased two or thee- hours after the accident in the brake, arrived at Warrington at fur, and took the deceased home to Woolston in a cab st, five.—By Mr Unsworth :—There was a fire in the brake, whieh was warm, and some brandy was given to him as soon as possible. Thomas Phillips, in answer to Mr. Untworth, said it was right for the deceased to go on the waggon. He had previously assisted in unloading the tisane sort of work. It was not usual to send bun out flagging, but he thlught it would he handier for him as he was a big heavy men. rh,, Leap ctor offered to take the man to the Infirmary, hut he ',aid he would not go. He pre. leered to go horn,. D -ceased was acting as witness would have expected a reaeonaple man to act in going on the waggon. Inspector James LythgOe said aeceased had a right to be on the waggon and was under witnees's orders. Thomas Fairhurst and William Clarks also gave evidence. ' The jury Tetrirned a verdict to the effect that the d had resulted from an accident, but that it was accellers , ated by medical aid being withheld too long. Crane should be used in unloadina ,imher.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Elastic Stocltivs Surgical Bandages. Abdo at nal Belts.

Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SMITIT au SONS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better.quality atj a lower price than any other firm in the trade.

BsTinisHED 1866.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
(vopyrigru. )

RUBY LOVEDAY.

BY SILAS K. HOCKING,

Anther of "The Strange Adventures of Israel rendray, " "The Day of Recompense," "God's Outcast," "In Spite of Fate," "Her Benny," Sm.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: The Lovedays, rich strangers from London, take fur- nished apartments at Endilloe Farm, tenanted by the Pentyres, a half-ruined family. Young Justin Pentyre is discontented at the prospect of their poverty being observed, and endeavours unsuccess- fully to persuade his people to refuse the offer. The Lovedays prove to be very agreeable persons, but Justin fails for several days to catch sight of their beautiful daughter Ruby. He returns one night, however, to find that she is missing from the farm. They fear she has fallen down a disused mine, and Justin volunteers to go down. Meanwhile, Ruby is lying at the bottom of the cliffs on the seashore, unconscious, and with a sprained ankle, which caused her to fall over the side.

CHAPTER VII. ALLOT "Life wears another face When love awakes." rieite of the law of gravitation, Justin climbed the rope much more rapidly than he descended it. A dead sheep, which he found at the bottom of the shaft, was not particularly agreeable company. And, satisfying himself that nothing else that ever possessed life was there, he hurried up the rope, hand over hand, with an alacrity that was an astonishment to himself. He was fairly well exhausted by the time he pulled himself up between the two ladders, and for awhile he sat quite still and breathed hard. He had answered from the bottom the one ques- tion that had been shouted to him, and now his companions stood round him in a circle and waited for him to speak. When he had recovered his breath, he crept along the ladder until he reached terra firma, then he walked slowly down the bank, and was quickly followed by his father and all the others. Nathan broke the silence. Nathan was quite indignant that so much labour and effort had been spent for nothing. "What can 'ee expect of people brought up in sich a way ? " he said, in a tone of scorn; and he walked two or three paces towards Endilloe by way of emphasising his remark. "It is possible she may still be alive," Justin said, without heeding Nathan. "Amos Blue saw her in the turnip field going towards the river." "But we've searched the river already," said dir•Jhn Pentyre. "Not thoroughly," Justin answered. "Go as far as Tregarrick Wood. I'll follow as soon as I'm rested a bit." He was the youngest man of the lot, and yet they obeyed him. Some men are born to command —they do it unconsciously, and with no thought of assuming any kind of dictatorship. Others obey, and without resentment, glad of a will that is stronger than theirs, and of a purpose that does not waver. In a few minutes Justin found himself quite alone. He saw the others vanishing like spectres in the dim moonlight. For a few minutes he sat on the bank, and rested his face in his hands. How strangely this unseen girl was dominating his thoughts—his very life How completely she absorbed all his interests. Suddenly he rose to his feet, and put his hand to his mouth, as though to shout to his companions; then he thought better of it. "One is as good as ten," he said to himself. "I'll go alone. Dorothy says she is passionately fond of the sea." And he turned and strode rapidly up the hillside. In a few minutes he was standing on the cliff looking down at the incoming tide, that raced and rippled in the moonlight with a sound that was full of music. The long strip of beach that was still uncovered lay in deep shadow. It would not be high water for more than an hour yet. After standing for awhile looking and listening, he commenced to descend the very path that Ruby had descended earlier in the day. He threaded his way with caution, for he knew what one false step might mean. Down, and still down, the easy zig-zag, then he paused suddenly, and put his hand to his ear and listened.

. . . . . . . . Meanwhile a larger wave than usual had splashed its cold salt water all over Ruby's face. It seemed a cruel, hungry wave, but in reality it was kind; it awoke her from a long trance in which she had lain, and restored her once more to consciousness. With a little cry, she sat up, and stared wonder- ingly around her. For several minutes she was unable to realise who she was, or where she was, or what had happened, and all the while the waves kept crawling in and in, soaking her pretty white dress, and chilling her almost to the bone. At length, as in a sudden flash, everything came back to her, and with another cry she tried to struggle to her feet; but she dropped back again with a bitter moan of pain; she was too hurt to move without the most excruciating torture, and yet to sit still would simply be to drown by slow inches. Every moment the tide came in further and further. How cruel it seemed to her now, as it sucked away the sand on which she sat, and mocked her in her misery. She was too terror-stricken to lose consciousness again. Every faculty of the mind was preter- naturally active. She thought of the mental agony of her mother, of the distress of the Pentyres, of the sorrow of her father when he returned from London. "Oh, I cannot die here like this by slow inches I' she said to herself. "Oh, it, is horrible" horrible," and she screamed aloud for help in her terror. It was this cry that arrested Justin's attention. As he came cautiously down the cliff-path the next moment the cry was repeated. And with a shout: "I'm coming!" distance at a break-neck pace, flinging caution to the winds, and coming within an ace of destruction more than once. In an incredibly short time he was at the &go "f the cliffs, looking eagerly right and left; then another faint cry for help drew his eyes in the right direction. A long way out beyond the edge of the tide, it seemed to him, the head and shoulders of someone rose dimly above the water. With another shout: "I'm coming! "he splashed into the creeping waves, and in a moment he was by her side. "You are Ruby Loveday ?" he questioned, stoop. ing down and gathering her up in his strong arms. "Yes, we are staying at Endilloe, Do you think you can save me ? ' "I can try, at any rate," he said, with a laugh, uAre you much hurt ? " "I'm afraid lam a good deal. I was unable to move from where I was. "It's lucky I found you," he said, making a strong effort to keep his voice steady. "We've been searching for you for hours, and had almost given you up as lost." He had begun to ascend the cliff-path by this time, and he soon found, strong as he was, that he was not carrying a child. "I must ask you to clasp your arms about my neck, if you have strength to do so," he said, a curious thrill running through him as he did so. She answered him by doing as he told her. The situation was not without its touch of romance. Her head, with its wealth of dripping hair, rested on his shoulder, her cheek was close to his. He could feel her breath upon his neck, as he climbed higher and higher; and it seemed to put new strength into him. Now and then a groan of pain escaped her lips, and he felt instinctively how resolutely she was trying to keep still. He made no attempt to look at her. He could not if he tried. Her face was too close to his. Occasionally, when the pain was not so severe, she could not help wondering who he was. She had caught more than one glimpse of his face in the moonlight, and he seemed to her to be a very handsome man. And then how strong he was I She seemed but a mere child in his arms! Half-way up the cliff he sat down on a ledge of sock and rested himself. She did not remove her bead from his shoulder nor her arms from about Ibis neck. "I fear you are in great pain," he said, with a sing of genuine sympathy in his voice. "I am at times," she answered. "I'm afraid my left' foot is smashed all to pieces." "I hope it is not so bad as that," he said; "but we shall soon be home now." "Do you live near here?" she questioned. "At Endilloe. lam Justin Pentyre." "Oh, I am so glad. Dorothy has often spoken of you. But you are nothing like I pictured you." No?" . _

She did not reply until they got to the top of the cliff. Then she said: "How strong you are Oh, I shall never be able to thank you enough as long as I live.*

"Don't try," he said. "I don't want any thanks ; to have saved you is reward enough." And he hurried across the strip of common, and was soon in the fir plantation. Here he had tw thread his way with care, on account of Ruby's damaged foot; but, thanks to the great round moon that was now shining in all her splendour, he found no difficulty. He was half disposed to raise a shout, when he got out on the Endilloe side; but, on second thoughts, he decided to carry Ruby all the way, and keep all the glory of it to himself. "How distressed mother will be to see me in this plight!" Ruby said, as they descended the field towards the orchard. _ .

"She will forget everything in her gladness to see you alive." "Yes, so she will," and then he felt scalding tears running down his neck. For a moment these tears quite unmanned him. He felt weak and nerveless. He wanted to sit down and rest. Then he was seized with a pas- sionate desire to raise her face and kiss away her tears, and comfort her as her mother might. He quickly recovered himself, however. He remembered her position and his own. She was the only daughter of a wealthy London merchant, and he was a salesman in a village store. "I'd better not spoil everything by making a fool of myself at the beginning," he reflected, and he pushed open the orchard gate with his foot. By this time every nerve in his body was tinglan with excitement. The lost was found, and he alon. know of it. He was the bringer of good tidings He could not contain himself any longer, and he raised a great shout: "Ahoy! Ahoy! Ahoy!" In a moment three women came rushing out of the house. Dorothy and the two mothers. "Is that you, Justin ? " Dorothy cried. "Aye. I've found her," he shouted. "She's here alive. Ahoy ! Ahoy!" And the shout was taken up in the distant fields. Ahoy! Ahoy And the night wind carried the cry into Tregarrick Wood, and the searchers turned right-about-face, and responded with the same thrilling cry: " Ahoy ! Ahoy!" for they knew what it meant; and in a few moments the thud of running feet was borne in from the distant fields, and middle-aged men leaped hedges with an agility they had not shewn since they were young. In the meanwhile Mrs. Loveday had cried for a few moments on Ruby's neck; then she led the way into the house. Justin still bore his burden bravely, though he was all but spent. Through the big kitchen he followed the women, along the passage, and into the Lovedays' room. Ruby Was in a state of collapse when he laid her down on a big sofa, and for several minutes she appeared to be in a dead faint. Justin sank back into an easy-chair, and gripped the elbows with his hands, for a thin mist had come up before his eyes, and the room seemed to be spinning round like a whirligig at a fair. No one, however, took any notice of him. Every eye in the room but his was fixed on Ruby. She looked a strangely bedraggled nymph as she lay there on the sofa. Her hair was tangled and dripping. Her dress was soaked with the sea- water, and clung tightly to her figure. Sea-sand was all over hor, on her eyebrows and in her ears. Her lips were tightly shut, her face was as white as the dead.

Dorothy stood by chafing her cold hands, and Mrs. Loveday was doing her best to get some brandy between her teeth. In the meanwhile the hum of voices and the clatter of hob-nailed shoes were heard in the big kitchen. A dozen voices appeared to be asking the same question at the same time, and Mrs. Pentyre was doing her best to explain matters. Justin, in his easy-chair, heard like one who is only half-awake. He had no desire to rouse him- self, or to take any further part. The reaction had set in. He was more completely spent than ever he had been before in his life. He heard his father give orders to Nathan to ride across to St. lago, Churchtown, and fetch Dr. Morrison at once; and he tried to rouse himself to say he would go. But the effort was too great. Then he heard Mrs. Loveday say, with a thrill of joy in her voice: "She is cominr, round at last. We must get her upstairs and into bed as quickly as possible." "Justin will carry her upstairs," Dorothy said, quickly, and she turned at once and looked at her brother.

The next moment she was kneeling by his side. "Are you not well, Justin? " she said, anxiously. "Oh, yes, I'm all right," he said, trying to smile ; "just a little spent, that is all. Fetch me a glass of water, will you, and I shall be all right." "Drink this," said Mrs. Loveday, coming for- ward, and Justin drank it, not knowing what it was, and in a few minutes the mist cleared away from his eyes, and the spinning room slowed down, and at length stood still. "Now I shall see her face," was his thought. "I wonder if she is anything like I pictured her?"

CHAPTER VIII.

MAR'S EXTREMITY. We do our best, and wait : The issue rests with God."

Ruby's dishevelled condition seemed rathei to add to her charm than detract from it. She was one of those dainty creatures that look pretty under any circumstances. Her face was such a perfect oval, her features so delicrady cut, her complexion so clear, her eyes so larq,c and expressive, and her smile so sweet and radiant, that if she were only a flower-seller in the street people would be sure to turn and look at her a second time. Justin rose from his chair and looked at her with an expression of wonder in his eyes. The light of the lamp fell full upon her face, and lit up her large expressive eyes. She was not a bit like the Ruby of his imagination. The tall, fair, languid beauty, with golden hair and pink and white complexion, might exist somewhere, but her name was not Ruby Loreday. This brown-haired maiden was of quite another type. She greeted him with one of her sweetest smiles. "I am sorry to have to trouble you again," she said; "but would you mind carrying me upstairs to my room ?—you are so strong. He had felt weak enough a moment before; but such an appeal would give a giant's strength to a much feebler man than he. He saw that she was fighting pain and weakness with desperate energy. She wore a smile upon her face when it would have been a relief to her to have shrieked. "I fear it will give you great pain to move you," he said, sympathetically. "I know it will," she said, with the same sweet smile playing about her lips; "but it has to be borne, and I must make the best of it." He did not speak again, but bent over her at once. She stretched out her hands and clasped him about the neck as she had done before. Very gently and tenderly he gathered her up in his arms. All his strength came back to him with a rush. She seemed but as a child. Dorothy went before with a light, and Mrs. Loveday followed. Poor Ruby cried out more than once as Justin slowly climbed the stairs ; but he reached the top at length, and went forwari into Ruby's room. Without a word, he laid her on the low bed, and turned away. There was a singing in his ears again, and his heart was beating at fever speed. Down in the big kitchen a dozen men were wait- ire" for him, eager to hear the story he had to tell. But he was in no humour for conversation. He wanted to be alone, so that he might commune with his own heart. 'Nevertheless he did his best to satisfy the natural curiosityse:f his neighbours. "But why did 'cc send us oal warm way while you went the t'other ? " asked a keen-eyed little man, William Sparrow, by name. "I don't know," Justin answered, indifferently. "It was just a sudden impulse, that is all." "And do you think she is much hurt? " his father asked. "I am afraid she is." was the answer. "Yon see, she lay for hours quite unconscious, and that means more than a hurt foot." "She seems a terrible plucky little maid," said an old farmer, after emptying his mouth of a cloud of tobacco smoke. "You are right," said Justin, with sudden energy; "she is plucky. But here comes the doctor, I fancy. We shall know soon the extent of her injuries." For the next half-hour the old eight-day clock could be 'heard very distinctly in the room. All attempts at conversation ended in a failure. John Pentyre fetched out his tobacco jar, and a handful of slay pipes for those who smoked; the others sat round ia all manner of attitudes and stared at nothing in particular. Every now and then some.one turned his head and looked at the clock: the minutes travelled by slowly. Mrs. Pentyre came into the room at length, and went to the stove to get some hot water. She looked very grave, and her eyes were wet as though she had been crying. "Well, mother," said John Pentyre, " how is the little maid going on ? " "I hardly know," was the hesitating reply. "I'm afraid she's a great deal more hurt than any of us think." "Does Dr. Morrison say so?"

===== 0002601_19010125_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Tetegraphii

===== 0002601_19010125_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
"He says nothing, but he looks very grave, and he hinted just now that her foot was not the worst. part of her injuries." Justin looked up eagerly, but he did not ask any luestions ; and Mrs. Pentyre immediately after left the room, closing the door behind her. Then the tick of the old clock filled the room vain, for no one was in the humour to dispute its right to be heard. At length, after what seemed an unconscionably long time, the doctor's heavy footsteps sounded on the stairs, and John and Justin rose at once, and went out into the hall to intercept him. They came back again five minutes later looking very grave. The others stood up, and waited for the verdict. . . . . .

Justin replied at once to their inquiring looks. "The doctor declines to give any very definite opinion at present. He admits that her injuries are serious, but how serious he cannot tell yet. He will be better able to judge to-morrow morning." The little company melted rapidly away after- that. Some said good-night, or what was intended for "good-night," for, generally speaking, the word "good" was treated as being entirely super- fluous; others stole out into the summer moonlight without speaking. John filled his pipe again when his neighbours had left him, but Justin stole wearily and dejectedly off to bed. For a long time he lay with strained attention, likening for every sound. Once or twice he fancied he heard a low moan of pain, and the sound shot through him like a knife. He wondered why it was that he was so troubled and anxious. Had it been Dorothy herself who lay ill, he could not have been more concerned. This Ruby Loveday was nothing to him— But, stop. The events of that evening had changed everything. He had saved her life, and by that act he had created a right— But what right? Well, the right to be interested in her. She could never be again as a stranger to him. That which you save is, in a measure, yours. He had established a claim which, though he would never insist upon he could never forget its existence. He fell asleep at length, and for seven hours slept the sleep of utter weariness and exhaustion, and when he woke next morning to the chirruping of innumerable birds he felt little if any the worse for the experiences of the previous night. Dorothy did not put in an appearance at break- fast. She had been up all night, and was now taking a little rest. Mrs. Pentyre could say little that was favourable respecting the patient. In fact, she seemed in great pain and considerably more feverish than on the previous night. Justin went off to rfrelford with a heavy heart. He was beginning to be afraid that he had only saved Ruby from death in one form that she might meet it in another. When he got back in the evening he found that Mr. Loveday had just returned from London, and that Ruby had brightened up considerably directly he came into the room, and that she seemed much better than earlier in the day. This was satisfactory news, and Justin ate his supper with a much better appetite than he had shewn at breakfast. •I But the days that followed were days of great anxiety and of gradually lessening hope. Each morning the news from the sick room seemed less promising than on the previous morning. The patient was bright and cheerful, and talked of getting better directly; but those who kept watch by her saw that she got gradually weaker, and that the hope of recovery was vanishing farther and, farther into the distance. Justin was consumed with a longing he could not understand to see her; yet no one ever suggested such a thing, and he had not the courage to ask. He envied Dorothy the privilege of being so con- stantly by her side, and was too proud to admit by word or look that his anxiety was becoming almost too painful to be borne. Mr. Loveday talked no more about business. It was mainly for his child that he toiled from year to year, and added to his already ample fortune. But now that she seemed slipping from his grasp, business was nothing. All his life seemed wrapped up in Ruby. Each morning and afternoon lie went out for a short walk, the rest of his time he spent in the sick room. He did not say much, but he watched every change in the invalid with an eagerness that was almost painful. On the fourth day a specialist was called in from Plymouth, and on the sixth day the Lovedays' family doctor journeyed down from London, but to, the onlookers it seemed as if nothing could save her. 'The doctors said very little, and that little was anything but of a hopeful character. Mr. Loveday was very reticent, but it "was. evident that he was preparing for the worst. On the tenth day the whisper ran through the house, and found its way out into_ the fields and was carried across the valley to St. lago, Churchtown, that "the doctors could de no more for the little maid from London; that the issue now was in the hands of Providence." It was early closing day, and Justin had hurried home with the speed of the wind. Dorothy met him at the door and told him what the doctors had said. For a monient he looked at her as if about to ask a question, then he turned awaf and wandered down across the al.'s. It was a beautiful sunshiny day, with a cool, pleasant wind blowing in from the sea. All around him the cornfields were yellowing in the summer sun, and the air was steeped with the odours of the fields and pine wood. But for Justin there was no sunshine and no fragrance. Had anyone predicted three weeks before what tie was now passing through he would have laughed at the suggestion. He had made up his mind to dislike the Lovedays and all their ways ; yet now he felt he would willingly die himself if by that means he could save Ruby's life. In one of the fields he came upon Amos Blue. "An' 'ow be the little maid ? Amos asked, stretching his back and looking inquiringly at Justin. "Very ill, Amos, very ill. The doctors can do no more." "Is that so, now ?," Amos said, dropping his eyes. "Is that so? Then what is to be done, Mr. Justin ? " "Nothing can be done, Amos," Justin answered, a little bitterly, "except leave her in the hands of Providence." "An' be you goin' to do that ? " Amos questioned, with the faintest suggestion of a smile upon his weather-beaten face. "Be the doctors goin' to leave her there ? " "Well, I suppose so. There is nothing else they can do." "Ah, well, then, there may be a chance for the little maid now," and Amos smiled quite broadly. "What do you mean, Amos ? " "I main, Mr. Justin, that man's extremity _es M God's oppportunity. Have 'ee forgot that, r. Justin? 'You've oal been trustin' in the doctors afore, now you be agoin to trust in the Lord. An' I do say that there's a chance now for the little maid. When men fail then the Almighty comes in," and Amos turned to his work again. Justin looked up and saw Dorothy hurrying across the field towards him. (To be coatinued.) •

Warrington Co-operative Society. The annual meeting of the Warrington Co-opera- tive Society task place on Monday evening, Mr T Birchen presiding. In his opening remarks he re- minded the meeting that this was not only the first meeting of the society this century bur, it was the 40th anniversary of its existence. Forty years ago a few working men, of whom some ot the present directors formed a part, met, and subscribed about .2100 capital, with which they commenced business in a small shop in Cairo-qtreet,rented at £lB a year, the sales being come £3O to £4O per week. The present capital was £54,000, and the sales over £2,000 per week.ln addition to this the society were the owners of even of the best block 4 of freehold prop trty in the locality. It was paying in dividends and interest over £16,000 per annum to its members, and its sales last year exceeded those of the previous year by £9,100. (Applause.; Looking at the Co-opera- tive movement generally, the results were astound- ing. Taking the 36 years from 1862 to 1897,be found that in the first year the sales in the United King- dom were .£2 333,500, but in 1897 they reached £64,956,000. he total profits paid curing the 36 years amounted to £84,601,452. The Co-operative Wholesale Society's sales alone were ROW over four- teen millions per annum. As 1).-.; had often :told them. there was no reform for the bemlt of the people that they had net the power to effect if they ; bad faith in their principles. In Vie words of Lord Rosehery, addressing ' a Cc-operative Con " What I admire is that you do not go to ruin to do sorrethieg tor you, you are self-helpers, do it for ynareolves." (Applause.) The rat then proceeded to pass ins balance-sheet, showed a dividend of 31 in the pound wii usual depteciation on the various properties society. Birchall as president, Mr J Shaw ES auditor; and the four retiring members, o committee were all unnlr.oously re-electsi the iueetiuZ concluded,

COUR

zress, iment and lteting which ith the of the Green A the ,cl,:tOd

,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
To Cures in a Lancashire Family.

Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Fletcher have no fewer than eleven olive branches, all residing with them at No. 51, Keatsley-street, Daisy Bill, Westhoughton, on the outskirts of Bolton. To this address a reporter on the Bolton Chronicle hied the other day with along list of enquiries to be addressed to the head of the house. He was most cordially received, and after the briefest of introduc- Slone was placed in possession of the following singular a tsry by Mrs and Miss Fletcher. who will vouch for every detail. John Fetcher is 24 years of age and the oldest of eleven children. He had suffered terribly from tosthaehe, and finally had the tooth extracted ; but the remedy proved far worse than the disease, for he became the.victins of partial facial paralysis. One eye utterly refused to remain closod, his month was drawn, and general health was poor. Naturally the whole family, were much concerned and medical aid was sought. Medicine was administered regularly, but failed to produce the slightest effect. " We accordingly decided " said Mrs. Fletcher, "to try Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People, of which we had some keewledge. Our Eliza had been under the doctor for anaemia, and he said she was just bordering on consumption. She seemsd to make no progress whatever, so at last! bought a supply of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, being encouraged to try them by reading in the paper cases of antemia and threatened c onsumption cured by them. The result was • speedy and perfect cure. One box gave her strength and restored her failing appaite, and she has not ailed anything since. When my son was taken ill in such an alarming manner we accoriingly com- menced a course of the pills, and for the second time we had a complete cure. There is now not the slightest trace of facial weakness. My son is as Malt as eVerlhe was, his appetite is good and he iS able to do a hard day's work in the position of dataller without:the slight- est ill effects. All the nsighbours know of his cure and think ita wonder- fal one. It was done in less time than was spent in taking doc- tor's medicine. The fret box made him feel better, We second set the paralysed part twitching, and after the third box had been con- sumed he declared himself to be all right, and time has happily proved that there was no mistake bout the matter, for be is now cheerful and as well in health as ever be was in his life.

Worthless "T, substitutes are numerous, being intentionally made up to deceive unwary people. Look for the full name on thi wrapper and

Williams' link fills

for rale people

ire-sold only ill a pink paper wrapper, surraunding a wooden tube, INDIGESTION, bearing the full name PALPITATION, ."... (even words) printed CONSUMPTION, in red. **.s. RHEUMATISPII, '-`. ST. VITUS' DANCE, Price 2s. 9d. SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, PARALYSIT

Incipient Consumption Cured in Lancashire. An interesting affair has come under the notice of the "Muesley and Mlle- worth Reporter" at Micklehurst-road. Calling in search of information at No. 5, Micklehurst-road, be found a little girl bents six years old runuing about the house, and romping with the other children as merry as a lark. She said her name was Olive Mary Pierce. The mother, Mrs. Pierce, stated her huebaud was a "finisher," employed at the Carr Brook Printwerke, belonging to Messrs. J: Gartside and Co. Their child is six years of age. Sem° few moath3 back he was suffering from inflammation of the lungs. She was brought very low indeed, and the doctor who had been attending her stated after the third week that he was afraid rapid consumption had set in, and asked to be allowed to cael in another medical man tor consultation. This information greatly distressed Mrs Pierce, as she heel previously lost two very promising children. For some time she had been Buffering herself from a bad leg, and had found great relief through taking Dr: Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Without saying anything to anyone she resolved to try the pills for her little girl's complaint, and she dissolved one of the pills in two or three spoonfule at water and gave it her in small doses. To everyone's astonishment C very next day, which was the 15th ot October, the little girl was able to sit th in bed and partake of a little meat from a rabbit's leg. After this she con- tinue I to give the child the pills, and she gradually recovered, being now quite welli strong, The doctor continued to attend the child and send her medi- cine r6gul +riy,but the latter she never used after commencing with the pills. Two or three weeks afterwards the mother told the doctor all about the matter, and he said that in her place he would continue to use Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Mrs. Pierce, in reply to a further question, said she first heard about the wonderful cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills while on a visit to Cheadle, in Cheshire,several months ago. where a young lady ot 25 years of age, who was thought to be wasting away, bad been restored to glowing health by their use. This young lady's cheeks, the last time she saw her, were like roses. Mrs. Pierce said she was anxious that everyone should know of the cure wrought in her davglater by the use of these pills. All her neighbours knew of the case, and were aeronished at the cure affected, which seemed like a miracle.

DPIWILLIAM INK ; LLS FOR ALE, EOPUE.

03) \

cum: AN

Dr. al

....,. ...,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
in you ask for Dr. Williams

trtt:ro to Mr Otittor.

_ _ N.S.P.C.C.—An Appeal. Sir,—Allow me to appeal through the medium of your columns to VI:, charitable feelings of the people of War- tinkton end District on behalf of manv who througp rice of work or partial employment are suffering most lr,eraly for want of suitable clothing and food. Our officer is meeting now every day with children sufferin-, sadly through this uause and any gifts of old Clothes, or bedding sent to this office (34, Parkorreet, facing Bank Quay Station) shall be care- fully distributed to the most deserving cases. I shall also be glad to receive gifts of money which I will under- take shell be wisely expended on clothes, Ste., for the protection of childen from the wintry weather. Shou!d like ales to say that this branch of the Society is in great need of a larger nuintrr of subscribers as our expenditure during the current year ending March 31st, will be considerably in excess of our income. The work of our effiner ira awakeninv parents to a sense of thefr duty to their children, and to a knowledge of their requir-ments of the law in relation to them, Is doing an Incalculable amount of good in the town and district, apart altogether from the cases brought before the Pollee Court. Ail those who are brought in-o contact with tke "submerged tEnth " will readily tcs.ify to the value of this work. I hay • pleasure in acknowledging the amount of £2O, being the proceeds of the " Cruelty " Ball so ably atran,ed 137 Miss Sylvia and Mr, T. M. Broa %ant last month, against £l3 from the same source last year, and hoping that othera will come to our help.—l remain, yours truly, ARTHUR B: LEE, _ Hon. Secretary.

Parker-st,eet, Lleal Office, Natiwual bociety:for the Preventicn of Cruelty to Child ren . January 170, 1901.

rk: The Parr Hall Bill-Posting E Sir,—ln a letter which appeared in your "neutral contemporary" of Saturday last, over the signature ['• " Disiuterested," it is alleged that the writer has just seen a letter from the Town Council asking a private trading company what sum they will give to secure a li reccepoly in connection with the Parr Hall. to the detriment of another firm of ratepayers. The Town Council ;El chargsd with " hole-and-corner" work, and it is al:egfie further that local institutions and private r individuals have to pay doable fees, in order that one k firm may be bolstered up and another boycotted. Will it be tsplieve II that the letter seen by 6. Disinterested " is , not addressed to the party which is supposed to have benefited.tut to the aggrieved "firm of ratepayers.eimd is the usual request for a tender for the work in question. The remaining allegations are absolutely do. void of nny foundation. The facts are that the Warring. ' ton and District Billposting Company and the Warring. , ton" Express" Billpostiug Company,were recently both ' asked to tender for the whole of the billpesting for . twelve months, the contract having been held hitherto 1 • by the former company, on the terM4 that the usual 1 charges were to be made for the billposrine required to be done by those renting the hall, and that one half of the gross receipts were to be handed to the Parr Hall I Committee, to go in reduc:ion of their expenditure. I surely a business-like arrangemeet. The D;strict Corn- ii patsy tendered to undertake the work again upon the same terms, and the "Express" Company sent a depu- tation to the committee—not to endeavour to enure the contract—but to dissuade :he committee from cootrae- ing at all. It was pointed out to them that it was the duty of the committee to work the hall ',. to the greatest advantage of the whole body of t ratepayers, and that, if the r• quest of the deputation were complied with, there weuld obviously 4' tie a loss to the ratepayers of some £3O per annum, . relioqnishel in the interests of twecompanie.s concerned. On these representations, the depuration wi!hdreve, wi,113 a promise that a tender should be sent in. At inter- vals, two letters were forwarded to the " Express " Company, drawing their attention to the fact that the tender had not been received, and asking whether they illte,d.ed to tender or not,and both of these letters haVO remained unanswered. Until the•death ofla:recently'deceased gentleman, mein- bets of both c unpaniel were also members of the Town Council and of the Parr Dail Committee. and both com- panies are still represented on the Council, though, threu7h the accidental circumstance named, no member of the " Express" Company has now a seat . on the Purr Hall Committee. If the Corporation were debarred from contracting with (+her Company by reason of members of the C runcil being also membsrs of the respective companies, it would nbeiously be im- possible, (inasmuch as all the advertising stations are in the bands of the two companies) for the Corporation

tither to advertise its own busimess,hy rnaans of posters or to enter into ordinary business arrimagemsn's to, da.s benefit and interest of iho town as a whole, as distiri. guistied from the in,orfet" of !11l two compinieg. „d it is to tri,et exsetle such nacres 44 this that a patt nf s.3C- tiln 12 of the Manic.psi C );portiona At, 1832, way enac'el. Tho flll 'wing is a wilt ttion fr,:n tho secttol la question, exenneinz the Irv- lovan,, wori perion snail not b disqu4ltfisl 0^ bo learnei to have any share or interest in a contract by reason only of big hiving asay share or int ANgst in any company incorpor- ated un,.:l3r the Qornpanies' Act, 18G2." So cone') vs to the charge of " ho.essie-o-roor " work. As regard the AllezAtion Chit local insatuttoos And

.DIEI

&c., &c.

private individuals have to pay double fees, it is abso- lutely untrue that any change whatever has been made ,in the charges, which are, and have been thriaighout, Ithose usual both in this town and in the trade generally. There is a very pertinent point raised by " Disin- terested " where he asks, "Who tS the interested party?' , This question I will answer to the best of my ability. ! On the regieter of the" Express" Billposting Company's members, I find the names of (1) The Manager of your "neutral contemporary" and members of his family as follows :—Thoin t 9 Eli Gibson, Wintnarleigh-street Warrington, newspaper manager ; Mary Jane Gibson, Winmarleigh-street, Warrington, married woman; Ada Gibson. Winmlrleigh-stireet, War- rington, spinster ; Mary Penelope, Gibson, Winmarleigh- street, Warrington, spinster ; Waiter Harry Gibson, 46, High-street, Crewe, Accountant ; William Wallworth Gibson, 46, High-street, Crewe, accountant ; Herbert Gibson, Winmarleigh-street, Warrington, student. (2) Joseph Potter, 3, Thynne-itrest, Warrington, theatre proprietor, who is described in last Saturday's issue of your "neutral comternporary" as its "dramatic critic." (3) James Bolton, 4.5, Sankey-streat, Warrington, accountant, who fills the dual role of sPcretary to the "EXpress" C nnpany and Elective Audi:or far the Borough. It may no dub; be pleaded that some of the share holdings in question are "little ones," but, as in othn cases, dalis n a relevant attribute, and as regards others, even this plea would not bold good. The above is, it appears to me, a fairly complete answer to " Disinterested," whose " find " has been much discussed by local scientists, with the result that opinions are greatly divided. One section holds it to be one of those peauliar Cruntures in which the female equine is supposed to rear its voung. Another is quite certain that it is a species new to science of the family red herring, and proposes to dub it " traillensis super- contractua corporatronis," which, I confess, is quite 13,- yond me. I myself am inclined.to agree with the con- clusion of yet another group, who are of opinion that it is merely an unusually tine specimen of the common sprat, rigged up as what is known to anglers as a spin,er, and intended to catch mackerel for " Disinter- ested " and his friends. I am sir, your obedient servant, INTERESTED,

The letter referred to by " Interested " an whieh ap- peared in last Saturday's issue of our contemporary Is as follows t Sir.—fn spite of all the promises made at a recent meet- ing, that the members of the Corporation would in the future be" good boys," and refrain from evll.doing. they seem t he quite incapable of toting up to them. I h .ve just seen a letter from the Town Council asking a private trading com- pany what sum they will give to seeure a monopoly in con- nection with the Parr Rail, to the detriment of another firm of ratepayers. Why should local Institutions and private individuals who cater for the entertainmeat of the public, have to pay double fees in (trier that one firm should be bolstered up and another boycotted? Who Is the inter- ested party ? It Is time this " hole-and-corner " work was Stopped, but in my opinion nothing will stop It short ot a Local Government Board inquiry.—Yours, DISINTBRESTBD. A Municipal Reform Asssociation.

Why kick against the pricks ? This law was fixed after mature consideration, and will nogasily be changed. Lord Salisbury pointed out quite recently that the result of such an agitation as we are experiencing would be to drive out of public life most men of business training and habits. I have no palieaco or sympathy with these attacki upon the Mayer in this matter. He stands firm on statute law, and it was probably unwiss of him (though well-intended) to make the uncalled-for concession which he recently made. Telnk of his long public service to the to we. his reclgniz d ability and power, and weigh as the dust in the balanco against these all that can b 3 said against him. Corporation contracts are the result of tender, and if on many occasions, the Slate Company's price has been tne lowest price, it is not asking too much to ask the public to see that this circumstance must have saved the town much money. If they had not tendered, in every case where they were the lowest the contract would have been let at a higher price. Let personalities be put sternly on ore side,ani a firm stand tp. made against this lamentable campaign of 'anemia, intriguo, and

Entertainment for the Masses.

Yours obediently, Et.

Sir—lu the letter from Mr Ii Thomas which you pull- lished in Mat Siturday's edition,referenc) is made to tile free entertainment that is being provided by the Manag- ers of the Cairo-3treet Sunday Scheol, for certain of the young peop!e of our town. Those of roc readers who am n interested in Mission work may like O know more about this Lads' Club for such it is—and with your kind permission I will explain, brirfly its workings. We have a membership at present of about 120, of 80030 Of the poorest and least-oared-for lain in the town. The main ohjoct of the ()Innis to provide incocent and simple recreation and to enceureee a liking for Such. Ocea- sional opportunity is taken for giving the lads a straight talk on the principles of moia:i y, iiee we hope without effect. Etch lad upon joining the club is provided with a card of membership and if he abteats himself for three Successive, neetene, nielita without eivine are 'salvable excuse for doing so, his name is stru k off the roll and , his card is given to another lad. As, however, there is : competition for membership, we have very little trouble ith absentees. The meetings are held in the large class room of the Cairo-street Sunday &hoe!, on Wed- nesday in each week, (during the winter months) from 7.45 to 9 p.m. No charge whatever is made for membership. Time is provided a good assortment of table games, such as draughts, dominoes, snap cards, word.making and fish- ing games, etc., pitcher boards with rage, rope qaeits, elcittles, and other games such as are suited to the large room, together with a good assortment of i,lustrated magazines—old numbers—which have been given to us by friends. Tie following are two of the rules which most be strictly observed 1.. All members are expected to coma clean ane ti ly, and to remain until the Club is dismissed at 9 o'clopk. 2. There must be silence whenever the bell is runZ. The third and last rule refers to regular attendance, of which I bavn already written proceedings are brightened a little be our nrovid- ing once a month (free) buns and coffee, and during Christmas week there STAS given a special 8001),,r, 03:.- sisting of hot-pot, mince-pies, etc: On theee Menthly and special occasions etc., enitertainnaent is alsa provided. For instance, on one occesoo, we had a magic lantern, and atthe ChristrnEs supper, a sort of waxwork entertainment by some of our \ °ire; men,and a phonograph, manipulated by the owner, a memb .r of our congregation. I believs clubs of tni3 sind are capable of doing a great amount of good in the town, and there is plenty of noportunite of extending the work for those who feel inclined to take it up. Had there been sufficient accommodation, it woad have been p resihle For Us to have doubled or trebled ths membership. Every we-'it we have fresh arrivals bogging for almisann,and it is with regret that we are unable to takr them in. I have noticed a marked change in the meaner in which the boys conduct themselves. They are now so much more tidy than at first, and gentler in their games and I believe this weekly recreatien is ago -id th res for them. They would probably otherwise be roaming the streets —not to their own goed—and I fear the home infiliencea of some are not of the best. I hop eto hear that the work is being continued by others pi num to ive, who are interested in it. At alto ist every Sunday school there are plenty of young men who would willingly take sach i • Mitter in hand. I should say due the coat of running the Cairo-street club is being borne by membera of the congregation and sympathetic friends I shall only he too pleased to give any further inform stien about our club, and eith,r the Secretary, Mr, David Phaeton, or any member of the committee present, will he exceed- ingly glad to welcarne any visitor at tne Ceiro-itreet Schools any club night, when he or she will be able to see the lees at play. It would also be be ter then to ex- plain our workings. I have dealt only with a club for lads, but Ido not see any reason why soinothing of • similar nature should not be done for girls. I believe a club for girls was started at Towns-end way seine years ago, but I have not heard anything of it lately. There is much more I shou'd like to say about this question, but I fear the space at my diape,•al wril not permit of a longer letter. I thank you for being so good as to permit of this.—Yoliirs truly H. S. KNOWLES. (Supt. of Cairo-street S. S.) . .

21, Llvely-lAne, JaLuary 17tt, 1901.

. per box, ••• or 13s. 9d. for .... ... • 55% six boxes. **see . ... .. ;SI% ... .. .. _ •-• .5„, ECZEMA ••• ...** EGRICKETS, ... ' sss',.. LA; S' AILMENTS," .......

===== 0002601_19010125_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Flanaghan's Bright Idea.

Mr. Martin Flanagan writes us again, criticising the poliiical Conapromi3e at municipal elections. Re slava I consider that the time, also oppnrtality has arrived for us who object to the quality of representatives supplied tO UR by toe club to step in and lira] a municipal Re- form Aasocie.ion, non-political in it charatit r, the 0h- ,.,f which will be t elect. uentleman with Found pragreosivo principles, awl who.n stability or character 1 we can relv upon to resist pre-sure from either club or clique. Any ratepayer who in favour of the formation of an Association on Imes similar to above, if they will communicate with rao (post cardp)rolvwisiiill nmalAkci,amrrmaintLee- n b app ei.—Yl 8 r p cinaents,for aniMatseting aectivmr MAR FIN FL INAGAN, 151, Orford-lane

Corporation Contracts and Accounts. , Sir,—l am most reluctant to intervene in this corres- pondence, but the situation is becoming so crave that it is high time for somehnfs to protest against action which Is resulting so disastrously for the towci's good name. lii common with all their friends, I deeply lament the un- fortunate difference between the Mayor and Councillor Bennett. The matter on which they differed was so comparatively unimportant, that it really was not orth while creating so c implete a cleavage between two of the leading members of the Council. It pained an i grieved their whoirere, aril must have caused each of them very c .nsideranle aunoyance ; but; worst of all, occasion is taken of it to foster agitation of a harmful and dangerous character. It is utterly and entirely untrue that the Corporation is corrup^, and such articles as appeared in an outside paper ou lit to rally together all right thinking men in defence of our helour. Frenzied appeals to ignorant passions will not succeed, nor will fvoiisti applicitions to the Local Government Board, as certain gentlo-nee most by this time have been convinced. Ralle, this impotent exposure of the helelessnese of fletion is toe puerile to attrac' Ruppert The feet must b? f le"+1 an admitted, that ne law of true land sanctions aud legelizle trading b tweee a Carper idea atidsny Conowy registered under ttio CompAnks Ants.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
'111P: X AMIN FRI :AY, JANUARY 26, 1901

===== 0002601_19010125_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WITH THE VOLUNTEERS TO STAN- DERTON AND BACK.

Interesting Accouut.by a Warrington

Volunteer.

Private R Irons has writnn an accouat of his experienc is with the First Sot Lancashire Ser- vice Company. He yam one 0 the Volunteers who left Warrington in February of last year with Captain Appleton, but who was invalided 11311:1iiii September last. The Voyage to the Cape. -

After referring to-the stay of the Volunteers in Orford Barracks prior to their departure, Private Irons proceeds to state that it was on the 23rd of February, the Volunteers left tan thrraelte tJ make the best of their way to Bank Quay station. To march in order was an utter impos.ibilty. The townspeople not only took possession of the streets but the Volunteers also. We seeme4, h. says, to be public property for many of the more demonstra- tive !wiles along the line of route forcibly took us in their fond embrace. It was •wad great difficulty we reached the platform of the statku in ones and twos after a terrible crushing. We took it all in good humour, but the seene will never be forgotten by me. The train left Bank Qaay station for Sawhimpton at 1.30 a.m. arriving at SAtthamptou at 8 a.m. We then gat an hoard the es. Avondale Castle, and stored our kits aril :inns away, everythiog on board being nicely laid out, as we were not travelling as troopers, but as 2nd class passengers. [he food Was very good. We set sail at 3 pm. amid ringing cheers. Everybody WB9 on deck but before night there were very few who could say tney tutilu'c been sick. Tnere were sharks, porpoia-is, flying fish and gulls about the boat occasionally. Whales were very scarce, only two being seen all the way to Table Bay. We reached Las' Palmas, or Grand Canary, as it is calm]. no the 29;11 of February. This Was our first stopping place. We did not land, but could seo from wh.re we were anchored that it was a very nice place. Smill boats CAIII9 around ours with Spaniards on them selling oranges, bananas, tobacco and comical. We took in coal as the steamer consumed such a large quantity, averaging about 50 tons per thy. We lett on the 1s: of March for Cape- town. We had parades, sports and c incerta daily on board to pass the time away, as it would have been very wearying without something to do. It was a treat to see , a passing ship, and beautiful to see the sun setting over the horiz sn. On our wav to Capetown we had signalled !to us that Cronje was taken prisoner, and 4,000 of his men. We signalled it to the other boats and they signalled hack that Ladysmith was relieved. We arrived at Table Bay, Capeto mu, at 12 p.m on March 16;n, and anchored, going into the dock at 12 a.m. on March 17, the distance fv+rn Smthimptou being 5958 miles.

First Experiences in South Africa. We dLembarked and marched to Green Point Camp. We had a hard time pitching tents as the ground was so hard. Next day (Sunday) we were on half rations, dry bread and tea. At night I had a walk round Capetown, and it is an attractive place. It was a treat to see the ladies dressed in all the bright cilours they could get hold of, and being principally black, they looked very well. Oa Monday, the 19th, we had a route march, going about two miles just to put us in trim again. The guns that were tsk9n from Cronje were there. We left Capetown on the ss. Guelph, on Marcia 20th. She was a very dirty ship. We called at Port Enzabeth on March 22nd te unload cargo. A great many Kaffirs were employed, and they said, "Me no like Dutchman ; Englishman my friend." We left here and arrivad at East London and unloaded cargo. The York and 14inca8:er Volunte,-re got off here. We left on 25th March and arrived at Durban on the 27th, hut were in quarantine until 28th and then disem- barked. We put our kits away in the railway carriages, and were allowed to have a look round Durb‘n for 3 how's. Here we saw rickshaws with Zulus pulling theni, these vehicles being used in place of cabs. Joined the "Old Fortieth."

We left by the train, passinz Co:enso and Ladysmith and on March 29th joined the Regiment (the Old Fight- ing Fortieth) at Surprise Hill Camp. We were just in time to have a hetrty breakfast as a welcome from the Battalion. We had drill in the afternoon, and next moraine we had a hathing, parade in the Klipp River. In the afternoon I saw the wreck of the Long Torn that was blown over at Ladysmitb. We marched from here a distance of about 8 miles, which took U 3 from 84. m. until 1 p.m., and then bivouacked at Modder Spruit. We had to cook our own dinners and then go On outpost duty until 6 a.m. next morning. We then went escort to two naval runs at night. We were working making bangers until 9 a.m. next merming, as we expected an attack. At break of day we marched about 5 miles, arriving at Elandslasgte. where the battle of Eispdh. lasgte was fought. We had plenty of outpost duty sangar making and road making. Our hands were cover.d with blisters with using the pick and spade. On May 10th we had target practic,, at Elands,aagte. The grass was very bag rising, from 3 to 8 feet. A Long March.

We left here, which is called Janonas Kop, on May 14tri at 6 p.m. Leaving our outpoat we went to Grog- mans Farm about 10 miles distance, arriving at 10 o'clock. We then went to finish our outpost which was until 6 a.m. oa May 15th. We tren marched on Wessels Nek without opposition, the distance being 15 mils, and it took us from 5.30 a.m. untd 1.30 p.m. A tremen- dous number fell out on this mßrch, as it was so hot and fatiguing. On May 16:h we marched on to Moran, miles away, where we wont no outpost, and those who were not on sentry went to a Kaffir kraal looting, and found same hens, oranges, and lemons. It was a tea parry we were having, On Mar 17th we came off outpost and escorted naval guns to Washbank Farm. On the following cley vr. marched to Glenco-• Junction, arriving at 8 a.m. and off again at 2 p.m toHatmicaFar,n6 miles away. We had to march over burnt grass and we also had a sand storm. All of us were as black as niggers but were able to 4et a wish Kg Liero was a river close by and is was a luxury. On Ma g 18.11 we marched to Dannhaustr 12 miles away. After staying a =holt time for orders we got one. It was to return to Glencoe where we arrived on Sunday tho 20th at 12 a.m. On the following dav we marched Lack to flattins t4pruit, and thence to Danish-Luger on May 22nd, going to logagaoe on the 23rd, 11,re we were kept back to re- pair the railway line and the work lasted three days. We then went on to Newcastle on May 27th, and arriving at 12 a.m. bivonaced for the ni4ht.. In the Transvaal. On the 28th we advAnced to Wools Drift, cresling the Buffalo River Bri ige and. we stepped for the first time into the Transvaal. The march was c mtinußcl to Utrecht, 13 miles distance, where the Boers over 800 in number were strongly entrenched. One officer and two men went into the town and gave trio Boers 48 hours armistice, the brigade staving one and a half miles out- side the torn. On May 30 ,11 we had a rest, as we were four miles from any proper drinking, water. We were allowed oily one pint per man per day. The time we allowed rho Boers havong now nearly expired Rome went out in skirmisning order to sex' the town. Rifles were charged when we were within one wad a half milei of the town. We halted and th,y (the Boers) were now either tu fl.:ht or surrender. We found they had flown but the town surrendered tr., us. On June let we left Utrecht and went back to Wool+ Drift and thence to Donga Spruit, and on to De Wet's Farm. Here we ha 1 a much needed rest, after marching nearly 200 miles. We lookru a n-cuiiar lot with patches and holes in eur clothes and dirty faces. not hiving had a wash for many a nay. It was liere the kit of Private Blackwood was sold. We also heard of the death of Private Sudlow through enteric fever. _

===== 0002601_19010125_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Majub.a.

01 June 6:h we lef^, H-ti Wet's Farm on the left of yhjubs um. her, Geral Colley fell in 1881 and iv there. 14uried, we went on o itpoit Kt 5.30 P.m. and were dose b 7 2 Naval ;tuns from El.r M tj .sty's gnu b Powerful. A-, or- ik of thy, June 7fh, they both started iltin4 on to NI ij is H I and were at it all thy. We could 5.. the B at-nit all the time but they never answered our fire until next morn- ing, when "is bad te4ealt caYer 11.4 tteir Sheik Were ft - ing, around us At 530 we eieirt,d the guni from the hil: to where the remaioder of the Bittalion w .re bivouaced,

Under Fire On June 9 h, we had orders ti force B etha's PA9S an,l take l'effege Beiezhts, pan!) nattalinn twving a hiq to take Or eruni WPIC itch% over ui while marchiog through the NB end we enuld sPe thee 84.11 S bursting around the idwr trteriches. hut bdlore we go.", b-e I he hill the artillery dire had driven them further beick, giving us a ch.nce to climb the heights and get 4t them em the ton. Therei

were m &user bullets flying over our heads and we were happy, as we had longed te be under fire. Our first firing line, fixed bayonets going up the hill and poured a heavy rifle aud maxia fire la to the enemy. There were three Bore left bAhind ivrng tha rem tindar a chance to g - a w.y while they set fire to the grad', st,opping our at. Vance. Toe order was given to our men to cease fire The three Boers mounted their horses and rode away At night we were almost frozen to death, but we kept the Kress burning for a little warmth. Tne march was resumed. We halted at some Kaffir Kraals and there was also a hut where they were holding a service, it lbeing Sunday. We left here on June 13th, going to the foot of Majuba Dill ty‘tween Cha:lestown and Volkrust and our Com- pany went on guard at the latter place. White fiats floated over root of the buildings which were chiefly built of corrugated iron. The Dutoh were in large hum- bets here lam most of them hal passes permittiag them to stay in tne town as tney were non nubatauts. Dutch women werealso hero but they could not understand we Enilian folks I went into a house where there were three Dutch women and asked them if they were getting settled down again, as they had only br mght their furniture the day before, but they were running about as though wild, so I left them to cool down being no wiser after net' calling. We were relieved by another company which stayed in until nest morning when we went oa the march to Standerton.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BAD COMPLEX= BED ROUGH HANDS FALLING HAIR

PREVENTED BY

===== 0002601_19010125_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
_,„

The most effective skin purifying and beautifying. toap in tho tvorld. It 6trikesi at the cause of I,:td con omi,N3 'cle, red, rough hectic falliug hair, and baby- blerni,hes, viz., the elogeri irritated, in. ucerworked, or sluggish 'Poitis. Alt rhta. Fries. la,siti postpaid by F NEVNEUT SoYs. C. P.7TnR 0. AND C. CORP., Sole Prop., U. S. A. " Low ta lit.ve a Good Compiezian,",frec. .

4,1 "

===== 0002601_19010125_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Fell Out on the Way.

I fell uur. on the way and load to get into a hospital waggon. We rested at night and biv .uacsd as it was too much for one march. This was the first time of my getting into a tent for 6 weeks. After bc-ing examined by the doctor, I was found to be suffering from enteric fever. Next morning I had to get my kit into the ambulance watsgon and follow unto Standerton,reaehing there an June 17th I was in hospital days being In a bell tent that held two. I was moved about half a dozen times into different tents, seeing men dying and others delirous with fever. As soon as they died they were re- moved out of the tent aid buried. Shortly afterwards I came down country from Standerton in tho hospital train, Princess Christian to Newcastle. It ii a beautiful train everythin4 b-ing nJe fiCed uo. - -In the Hospital. . . . . - " " •

I was carried from the train on a stretcher to the hospital. The tent had eight of us in bat the other seven were on rations, but I wasn't allowed aaythirig but milk, soda water and limejuice which was poor food for a good appetite. I stayed here a mantn sad when they brought nae my kit, I fouud the following articles missing :—Field glasses, purse, packet book, Swan Fountain pen, boots, mess-tin, water bottle, field service cap, Kersey coat, and an Absent Minded Wggac shirt. I came from here to Howiek in Natal through Coleus() and Ladysmith on the way. it took from 2 p.m. June , 23rd uotil 8 a.m. 24th. It took so long because it was ordinary train fitted up as an hospital train and they changed engines at Frere and the guard went to sleep on the platform and the driver was missing so we were I delayed a w bile. The hospital at It °wick is built of corrugated iron and there are also teats for the convalescent. I was wall nursed by an Australian lady who was very different to some of them. From June 15th to August 9th I never had any solid food so you may know what a luxury it was for me to be allowed bread again. On August 19h I was allowed up for two hours per day until August 22nd when I was allowed up for four hours. On August 26:h I had a relapse with pneumonia and was in awful pain for seven days when I was all right again. One of our doctors went sick with pneumonia on the Tuesday and was buried on the Thursday. Private Fred Woods died of en- teric on September 16th and was buried at Howick Cemetery September 17th. I came from Howick at 8 a.m., arriving at Durban at 4.30 p.m., stopping half au hour at Pietermaritzburg for dinner. We Rot on board the Hospital ship Dunera for home and arrivrd at Southampton on October 18th On returning to Orford Barr aoks,to wait for furlough or discharge I took the latter so as to get owe more in civilian attire which I did on October 23rd. If anyone wants to know any more about soldiering let them go and enlist or else inside a barrack room,which I dare- say would be sufficicent. for a good many. A soldier's life may be all well in time and peace and some may think there is a glory in being able to sport about in a red tunic, but if yon want to know what it is to be a soldier in real earnest, go on active service.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
IMMMENI

,21tit 49r G waiLegiel

ALLEGED MURDEROUS ATTACK ON

===== 0002601_19010125_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A WIFE. ----- Prisoner before the Magistrates.

Jamei Gilroyle, who rmai ies at 19, 0;for trut appeared,belore the Warrington magistrates on Saturday on the serious charge of unlawfully wounding his wife, Sarah Gllovla, bAween 11 and 12 o'clock the previous night, by throwing a stool at her. . .

The Chief Constable applied for a remand for eight days, as the woman who had been wouaded by the prisoner was an in-patient at the Infirmary suffering from a fractured skull and there was no telliug how the ease would develop. Prisoner and his wife resided at 19. Orford-street and they had lived very hapoile together for some time. Ton worn in recently tnAc:out a UMMOTIS against her husband for assault but son declined to prosecute. At 12 50 that morning P.C. Newey was on duty in Butzermarke-- street when he heard a disturb tnce taking place in Orford-street He proceeded there and totted the prisoner koocking at his iAirn back door and calling out to his wife to comet down and open it. The officer went to the front and Mrs Gilfovle, heeling that she had the prottction of the polio-, came down. Her face and head were eevored with bl 'oil and on examining her the con- stable lound a large wound on her head. She said " GIIIB in and see what this man 1148 done to me. He threw a ateol at me and did this." The prisoner heard the accupation but made no reply. The officer removed the woman to the Infirinary„ where her injories were attended to and she was detained. Her skull was fracturtes, and though the wound Was sum,- what slight, it was none the less dangerous. Prisoner was arrested and trken to the Police Station, and in answer to the charge said " I did not throw toe stool." The assault was witnessed by the prisoner's daughter and another perscei named Bridget Nester. P.C. N.iwey having corroborated tais statement, the prisoner was remanded until nest Monday.

The Late Sergeant Price.—Military Funeral. The remdin ot the late Barrack-3, rgiant Price, whoss dea h we reported in our last issue, were interred with military honours in the Warrington Cemetery on Saturday at.;erneo n. The funeral cortegi left the barracks a little after two o'clock and proceeded to the Parish Church, where the first part of the service was conducted. The offiziating clergyman was the Rev A S Cameron, woo was assisted by toe Revs G W Dickinson, and A 14 White. The church was crowded with a sympa- thetic congregation. The chief mourners Were Messrs William and S .1 Price (suns), aild all other relations firing in England were present. At the cemetery nearly the whole ot the soldiers Wationeri in the barracks had assembled to pay the last tribute of repert to their friend. The service at the grate-side was conducted .by the itev A p ‘Vhite. Volleys were fired over the gave at the conclusion of the service by afi ri g part from the barracks. The coffin was of light oak, with brass mounts, and bore the inscription : "Joseph Price, died January 1511. 1901, aged 64 years." The arrangements were in the bands of Messrs Sleginn, Sankey-street.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By 7-&-ialist.l

Warrington failed to beat Miilom after all, in fact the performance of the locals was truly miserable. They ought to have won easily, but their play was so Eo.ock- ingly bad that the Millom men won the match by a solitary try to a penalty goal. TO score ought to have bee, really, something like tw-Ive points to nil in faviur:of the visitors, judging by the:ruo oF the play and the chances which presented themselves. Warrington's weakest point is in taking chances whic c rtiis their way,and many a match has been lost by a pore inability to score under the easiest conditions. There is an immmse contrast between Runcorn and Warrington in this respo,:t, Co,. the former are ose of the smartest clubs in th,, League it snapping up the smallest chances of getting points. And they generally get them too.

.1 worse day for foo'ball than Saturday could hardly have been imagined, fn. rain fell unceasingly and reduced the ground to nothing better than a quagmire. Correct football WAS an impossibility and this much was in favour of toe home team whose strong point is not skill. The weather and the ground put the teams pretty much on a level, but Warrinetln were the superior lot far as attacking was concerned. How they failed to score on several occasions was quite remarkable. Never- theless if either team deserved to win it was Millom for they tried hard and played as well as could he expected while Warrington gave a display which absolutely dis- graced them.

Both sides suffered from absentees, Warrington having to do without Isherwood and Harris, whose presence would have made considerable difference. Fish turned out and, in the opinion of most, lost the game for his club. This is unusual Lir him, bet he played centre and was so sure that no one could score but himself that he never gave the other backs a chance. Being a celebrity he was well watched by the Millorn men so that his efforts were fruitless as well as selfish. A timely pass would en more than one occasion have resulted in Elockenhall or Ratcliffe getting over. Things seemed doomed to go wrong, however, and Dickenson also played a very poor game. Burgess and Bate played well at half, which tempts one to remark that the three- quarters and halves never —or hardly ever—seem to be in form on the same day. Hallam played his usual hard, reliable game, and the forwards stulk up well consider- ing their lack of weight. Ratcliffe played smartly, and was on the day's play, the best of the three-quarters.

Millom have to come to Wiiderspool yet, like Barrow the apdointed visitors this week-end. So that Warring- ton should have the opportunity of tasting sweet re- venge. They ought to pulver;sl the Barrowians, but it is quite certain that the latter will not enbrait meekly to any such treatment.

The great and over-whelming surprise of Saturday was toe defeat of Swinton at St Helens, by two tries to one. There had been hints that the Saints might repeat last year's performance but no one believed such a thing possible. Yet the unexpected happened and Swinton's unbeaten record is spoiled. St Helens fully rec-gniaed that the weather was in their favour and making the game a forward one they smothered the lordly lions in a style the latter failed to relish. So badly did the "Beecham" go dawn in fact, that Swinton have pro- tested again, presumably because the St Helene ground was not a grass-plot sad the home players did not wear kid gloves. lam more ashamed of Swinton over such unsportstnanlilo conduct than I was of Old- ham last week. Moreover I'll lay a new hat to a hair- pi3 that the ground was a lot better than that at Roch- dale when Warrington were kaocked out of the cup- competition last winter.

Other clubs performed as expected, Runcorn winning a hard game at Leigh by a try to nil, The " Linnets " are a 800 1,, and this must rank ss one of their best periermancei during tho present season.

I referred last week to the race between the points for and against of the Warrington cub. and speculated as to which would gain supremacy. Saturday's match bas not helped me much, for the contestants have run a dead heat and stand at " 104 all." There are 18 goals, 24 tries each way, and the figures are more symmetrical than creditable. Only eight matches have losen won out of nineteen played. Last season 12 ow: of 26 were won, so that that reo,rd ought to bo equalled as War- rington play Barrow, Broughton Rangers, Stockport, Millom an L.?gh at how vot Fier, Ilea he only Com- fort, unless we do well in the Cup Competition. --- The Lea4uoi:table up to date is as follows :

For Act. P. W. L. D. (1. T. P. a T. P. Pr. Runcorn l9-15— 4... 0-33 25179...1l 18— 76...30 Broughton R'r.g k2O-12... 6... 2-28 39-173...15 16— 78-26 Salford 19...10... 9-0-26 36-160...9.3 24-118...20 Barrow 18... 9... 9... 0...21 28-128-19 28-116-18 Leigh l9. 9...10... C... 20 24-112-15 24-116-18 Warrington 19... 8...10... 1...16 24-104...16 24-101...17 afillorn 17... 6...11... 0...15 13— 69...21 25-117...12 Rochdale Hornetall... 5...10... 2...15 12— 66...27 44-186...12 Stockport 19. 4...12... 3...12 14— 66...22 28 —128...11 *St. Helena 19... 5...12... 2...11 14— 64...27 39-171-10 Wigan 17... 3...12... 2...12 12— 60...26 42-178... 8 WI ines l7. 4...1.3... 0...13 10— 56...20 49 —187... 8 *S,i. Helens have had twl points deductoi for a breach of the rules.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
BILE BEANS CURE A LEATHER WORKER When His Friends Said He Was "Going Home Fast." .

Mr Charles Langford, an employè at a Leeds tannery liVilig in Seauley-read, Beblingtliorpe-read. Leeds. told the following intereatiug rory to a " Leeds D News" reporter :—" Up to almost a year ago," he said, " I had always enjeved capitai health. flow I got off the metals, CO t) speak, I can't say ; hut I then I,e4an to have violent pains in my inside. Tees, VA lPfi a little in situa- tion, but as a rule, they started about the atomich and extended upwards. So bad did they become that I had to go to the doctor. He told ma I was suffering from indigestion, and gaga in instructions as to diet. I ar,;ed on them, but the pains did net alter in the least. Changing the food appeared to make no difference. All kinds that I took caused me great pain. AlthoUdi b4ore that larval I had never had an ailment in my life. my strength was soon spent, and I became q lite weak and debilitated, •' Yes," interposed Mrs Linzford, " sometimes he was quite drawn up with pain, and he lootr!i the picture of ue.an."

" About thr or four o'clo‘.k in the aftor- noon," c)ntioued ti,er husuAnd. " I used to feel eo faint that 1 could hardly get along. I felt

just that linking sensation as if I had had nothing to e..t tor aeveral hours. In fact I was so bad that I could hardly walk; and my mates advised me to go borne and see what a complete rest would do. It was at tais Sta;ja that a neighbour named Bolimo advised ma to get souse ef Charles Fordele Bile B 'Cis for biliousness. His wire had been cured by tnem when nothiag else would do her any good, and he had sun faith in them that he promised to pay he the boa it the Beam diii not do me any good. ; OA his adyic^. purchased a I:rx, and began to take them regularly. From tile very first I felt an improvement, aud as I coutinue I with their use I got better and better. By the time I had !Akan three boxes I was quite cured. To-lay lam as well as ever I was in my life,. The pains have completely gone ; I can eat with enjoyment, and eat heartily too ; can work hard ; and altogether can enjoy my lite as well as any- -040 could wish, not wilhstanding the fact that a few months ago my friends said I was " going home fast," Now the above cure ii, will be admitted, is a wonderful one. Charley Forde'a B.le Beans for Biliousness which brought it abmt, al o now recognised as being superior to all known 1139altines for cases of indigestion, liver and kidney ditordera constinytion, headache, deb,lity, nervousneiss, a! temia, female ailments. colds, chill, rheusnatism, and is a preventatiae of influierza. All chemists stock 'hem, or you may obtain direct from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Company, 119, London Wall, E.O ,by arnding pficea is. lid., or 2s. 91. per box. (2s. 9J. bcdc cou•ains three times Is.

IFllekettil7l' 7117711 1 1 1 rr, \Fic---10j; .....tkp,,-- -` • r 4 't, 7 1r 4 \LL, fst., _ -4.::!i•0i.j1/2 \;ç:-. . I 4'7' V k—fr • ita, i ‘ \ -Ir4Virgiss-i --'"---::,--i24 ...—t , ---. , .---

===== 0002601_19010125_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Spiritualism.

_ ! Mr. J. B. Tatlow WILB tile speaker at the Spiritua- list Hall. Bewse)-4tre,t. nt'unday. in the after- noon he spoke on "Mutual helpfulness," and in the evening gave a retra,pect of his 23 work aria bpiritualist, which was completed that evening. Ells experiences were very intere:sting. On Monday evening Mr. Tatlow dealt with a few questions from the audience, and at each service his remarks w.sre followed by clairvoyance and psy- chometry. A ccnsiderable improvement wad notict- able in the lighting id the hall, it being now capi- tally illuminated with incandescent lights. wt.iel have been generously provided and fixed by friends of the movement.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WAS IT A LOAN OR A GIFT?

Claim against a Warrington Butcher.

At the r Warrington County Court on Thursday last week before its lion air, Judge Bowen Row- lands, Q.C., Ellen Alice Cox, who resides in Man- chester-road, claimed the sam of .£l5 from Thomas , Withers, a butcher, carrying on business in Orford- lane—Mr Steel appeared for the plaintiff and defendant was represented byMr Browne. The facts of the case, as stwed by the plaintiff's solicitor, were to the effect that the -plaintiff was the widow of the late Mr William Cox, a pork butcher, who carried on business at 14, Winwick- street. The defendant had been in his employ for a number of years. Mr Cox died in 1897 and Mrs Cox carried on the business until the end of January 1893, retaining the defendant's services. After giving up the busineis, Mrs Cox was remov- ing to a private house in Manchester-road and was disposing of certain articles of furniture.A. portion of it was taken to a Miss Bancroft by the defendant and in conversation with her be said he wag going to start business and was in want of about .£lO At his request she promised to ask Mrs Cox to lend him the money, The following morning the plaintiff had a conversation with the defeAdant and it was arranged that he should call at her iJouse in Manchester-road for the money. He called about February 14th and Mrs Cox told him that she thought .£lO was rather little to commence'busiae-s with and offered to lend him £l5. wnich the defendant accepted. In August 1899 Mrs Cox saw the defendant and asked him if he was going to refund the m mey. He replied that he could not pay her just then as he was being pressed by other creditors but he would do so as soon as he possibly could. Some time afterwards she made out an account showing £l5 due to her and sent it to the defendant by Mr. Bamford, her brother-in-law. Defendant told him the same story 'Nirs Cox again saw the defendant in Winwick. street on the Ist of November last and asked him whether iie could not see his way clear to pay the money. lie said" No you must wait a minute. She asked him w:iat he meant oy saying that, and he said" What do 7 owe you?" She told him that he knew very well it was £l5, and he said "1 thought you gave ms that:' On her telling him that she did nut give the money to him be said "You wilt Cave to wait "and went away. On being secs again he said he did not owe the money, and she had no witnesses to prove that he did.

Plaintiff gave evidance bearing out this state- ment. Crose-axamined by Mr Browne ebe denied having promised to give the defendant a present if he would remain in her employ. Evidence was also gives by Mary Bancroft and Joseph Bamford.

Foi• the defence Mr Browne said that the defend- ant bad worked faithfully tor tie late Mr Cox for 14 years, and on the death of Mr Cox, the plain- tiff tilred him to manage the business until she diem posed of it and she promised to give him a handsome present. He also pointed out that there was no statement in writin" in reference to the debt. Defendanr, in the course of lila evidence stated that Mrs Cox tnlel n.m ',net instead of lending him £lO she would give him ..£l5 and hoped it would do him good.

~ His lionour gave judgment for the plaintiff with cons.

Warrington Field Club. The opening meeting ot the second half of the winter session was hell in the Museum Lecturs Room, when Mr. Charles White, the president, lectured on "Volcanic Sills in Skye" For several years past the doctor has denoted his summer holi- days to a careful study of the geology of Skye,witk special reference to the evidences of volcanic action which that island, in common wiih other places along the west of Scotland and a large area of the north of Ireland, presents. PC ith the aid of diagrams, and of a series of btautiful and effective lantern slides, the lecturer laid before his audience a sketce of the probable order in which the succes- sive outbursts of subterranean molten matter had occurred, the general nature of t:.e ejected matter, cod the present appearance of ‘the remains, after being worn down by ins:. and rain for some thou- sands of centuries. That, the tendency to equalisa- tion of temperature has not et resulted in the dis- appearance of local irregularities is proved by the tact that in borings in Antrim the thermometer rises with increasing th.pth at twice the ascertained rate of Lancashire b.)riilg,. Jhe lecturer aid not suggest that there was any grave risk of either Antrim fissures or the Skye craters, which in Tertiary times devastated large tracts of country, again becoming active; so trat members might take their summer holidays in either region with- out anxiety.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
• „ln almost every Home that boasts a Teapot. Brooke, Bond's 30,00 e Agents sell it. Tea 116 per lb. • • • .(01,101eX1444,14:A.:.-

===== 0002601_19010125_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4jJ

===== 0002601_19010125_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
p

I

I

• I* 4 0 11

===== 0002601_19010125_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
tEbt Opmtner" Atrits

THE - WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE' EXAMINER." ptiblished every Saturday morning. I T" "EARLNSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS ExemnsrEp.," published e Friday afternoon. THE " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published ev( Friday morning. THE 'WIDNES EXAMINER," published er Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six 5. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 8 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No ad tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. iiPAlrratiarril WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST Bllscriaaamora vnirrs ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

adver-I

===== 0002601_19010125_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
la virsitt gittbants. at..

IVANTBD COOK. Protestftnt ; age from 25 to 30.- Mita. GABBATT, Stapleton House. Frodsham.

TV ANTED at once a good GB NBRAL BBHVANT,—AppI _ __ . MRB FISH, Kings Head Hot el,

',Cry S the L.., 'Ory replete and

Russian

===== 0002601_19010125_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19010125_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Proyleden,Meincheeterl

VXPEBIBINGEDINURSB.not under 25 years. Wages £2O %. £2s.—Apply Miss HUDSON. 19,Irlam-street,Warringtoni

to

_ WANTBD.at once Good COOK GBITERELL. Grad Wages. Bov kept. —For Country,64. BROILD-EITRENT,WOrgeSter.

NsTANTIII) respectable MINIMAL, 18 to 24.-31, Hale BERRY-AVENUE, West Derby-road. Tuebrook. Liver- pool.

WAIATBD, ININBRAL SBRVANT, good wages to suitable person.—Mrs. BDDOWIN, Rose Bank, Grapnenhall, Warrington. wANTED Immediately COOK, small family; wages f-25 to £3o.—Apply, Bins HUTSON, Registry, Irlam-street, Warrington. WA.BTED, immediately good GENBRAL ; Protestant; small amily.—Apply 16, DENTON-DRIVE, Seabank- road, Lisoard. W-

....il MINIMAL ; three in family; washing sentl . out.—MRS ARMSTRONG, 56, Kremlin-drive, Stoney- , croft, Liverpool,

WARTED. COOK GBITERAL, or Young General four In faintly. 'Personally or by letter.-1. WESTBOURNE AVEWITE, West Kirby.

AirANTED early in February, experienced GENBRAL ;I all duties for family of two.—Mrs FREEMAN, 41, liVeiiington-mad. Hocles.

- WAN TED GOOD GENERAL SERVANT for a farm house.—Apply Ms. JoHN PRESCOTT, Holly Howse Green. Aughton, Ormskirk.

A(*001) Way to gec a nice lown or Country bIittVANT.I call or write to MISS HAREM:I. 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. listablished 1862.

WANTBD, GHIBBRALS, for Southport, excellent rank- tions,good wages. no fees, state age, 50.—Miss doxxs, 4, Bank-street, Warrinc` -)1{-4

RALI26,

lir

11/ottlo, flproo, t paving ecstatis.l

LONDON.

WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SQUAHH, HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTBAL

, NOB BUSINSEIB OB PLEASIIiIE. Wilds Temperance Hotels Ltd.

lOUTHPORT.—SUNNIEBIDB !HYDRO, Physician s Dr,l BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated,. fete with every comfort; flue Sea View. near Parks, Pier,l Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish,' and other Baths. Massage and Oalvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

'bare.

itiotks, 15utnee, tit.

OIFF-LICENCB and GEC/CHET BUSINESS on lisle ; a bargain; other business cause of leaving,-SS, OXFORD- STREET. Regent-road, Salford.

Co be t.tt.

In ton

LET good HOUSB in Derby-street, rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOODS and BON. Solicitors. kiorsemarket-street, Warrington.

110 LET.—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £2o. Apply WOODB a SON, Solicitors, klorsemarket-street, Warrington.

PRBMISBS suitable for WORKSUOTS, Orford-street.— Apply WOODB 8; Sox, Solicitors, liorsemarket-street, Warrir gton.

TOApLoßyT,yroodDia 11 ODU Ski! , . kit p I Warruagton. a i3°Gliwcitoreitrlerotre,labrekderto.o.mtree.e7,l 1

J. Butcher. SHOP with fixtures, for Greengrocer, &c., Grocer, &c., 55, Bewsey-stroet, Warrington. Apply BICELLAND, 63A.

OCK-UP SHOP TO LBT Padgate, salt Butcher, Grocer; Pic., rent 4s per week clear.—Apply, JOSEPH Pi GAB- Bridge-street Warrington. ts roonell

===== 0002601_19010125_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ingtkna

WANTBD, COOK ...nNuaat, good sitnatio n near Wail rington ; no washing ; wages £O.—Miss lIDSON Registry, 19 Irlam-street, Warrington.

youtra ebIRSON. wishing to go to South Africa, would go with Lady as HISLP or Nurse--Apply Atlas ILLLLEI3, 23, Gladstone-road, Seatorth.

WANTED GENERALS and GIRLS, best places. exoel-i lent wages. Call Or write to Miss liaatusoit. 6,1 Oldham-street, Manchester, Established 1862. W,recteral

Aix int) ac once Good COOK, Cie, and House- maid, three in family, state age, wage and referenoe• Address, Mks MACKENZIE, 83, Park-lane, Bra&Ord.

WASTED by a Widow Lady, no children, a GREER. SERVANT not under 20. Also 17, reference, erauaxmormg, Came, Bowdon, Manchester.

bridge-road,

MISS HUDSON. 19, Iriam street. .11' arrington, requires once. COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, and GENERALS, wages. £.l?. to £3o.—Sicuation3 all Gentlemen's families.

WANTED COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS wArntiosss. Manchester, excellent wages, call or write to Mrsal HARRISON. 6, Oldham-3treet, Manchester, Established 18P"

.86211

‘VA1:111) CaINTLIIWOMAN as Lady Nurse: entire charge toy of five. part charge Infant.—Apply person- ally or write. MEL lilgin Drive, Llscard, near Liver- pool. one wl -.s ; must*

WANTED, strong respectable G .LRNERA ; one who 18 able to cook and wash ; country girt preferrel ; must bave good reforence.—Apply 403, STANLIJX-ROAD, Kirkdale, Liverpool.

I BraZord: L - L.,LND, ; 3 1 and . To ' five , and

WANTED. COOKS. Housemaids, House Waltress,, Nurses, Young Girls, Useful Helps ; good wages :1 fares pal4.--HOTTOMLEY.B REGISTRY, Morley-street, Yorkshire. VTi ANTED Immediately, superior Domestic SERVANTS ; for Manchester Suburbs. Comfortable home and goods wages, waiting.—Apply LANCASIIIRE SERVANTS' AGENCY, 7, , Erayennose-street, Manchester.

WASTBD. GHNIIRAL SBRVANT of good appearance.] able te cook (plain) and ssslst with washing; three In family ; must have good references. Wages £l2 to £l4. Apply, 15. LBEST-DRIVE. %WWII. Liverpool.

- - -- WVANTBD, plain COOK (three in family) two servants kept ; age from 20 to 30; wages £lB to £2O. Also liouse-parlonrmaid ; age net under 18; wages £1:: to £lB ; girt willing to learn might suit Good references required.— Mrs. CoTTg,klarient House, Leyland. Lancashire.

(62054 ORDER OF THE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. (Davin 2ND JANUARY. 1901). (3IVINE-FEVER INFECTED AREA.) rr EIE BOARD OF AGitICULTURE, by virtue and in exercise of the peers in them vested under the Diseases of Animals Acts, 189* and 1896, and of -every other power enabling them in this benalt do order, and it is hereby ordered, as follows :- 1. The Area described in the Schedule to this Order 'is hereby declared to be an area 'offered with swine- fever f.ir the purposes of the Swint-Fever (Infected Areas) Order of 1896. 2. This Order shall come into operation on the Ninth day of January, one thousand nisi,' hundred and one. In witness whereof the Board of Agriculture have hereunto set their Official Seal this Second day of January, one thou:4'nd nine hundred and one.

(Signed)

under'

T. H. ELLIOTT,

awine-lp

Sccretary.

SCHEDULE. An Area c4mprising tbe petty tiemional divisions of Leigh, Warrington, Cbildwail, Prescot (including its detached portion), St. Helens (including its detached portion),and Wigan (except the parish of Haigh), and the pariah of Garston, in toe administrative county of Lancaster ; and also comprising the boroughs ot St. Helens, Logb, Warring' on, Widnes, and Wigan. Published t 7 order of the Board. AND TAKE NOTICE that by the Swine-Fever (DI- V cted Areas) Order, 1896, Swine may not be moved within, cut of, or into an inf,cted area without a Licence granted upon • Declaration made in - pith such Order.

Torn HMI, Warrington, 4tn Jar nary, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
accordancellk

J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

W. ISIIRRWOOD ASO CO., SANKRY-STREBT, WARRINGTON. LADIES SILK SEIIRTS. LADIES SILK. SHIRTS Delicate Evening Shades. Perfect Pitting. From 8, lid eatia. Spl,ridid Designs in Our Own Make Wool Shirts4a. ild.to 10s. 6d. SPECIAL PURCHA.Ski of Linen and Cambric, and Initial Handkfrchiefs 13. 'ltd., 2s 3d., 3s. 6d. to 59 6d., half dozen. FURS.

tAtleser

Best value in the trade In FURS. Very useful presents Kolinaki. Bear. Sable, Stone Mar. in. Thibe Necklets. DRESSING GOWNS. New GOODS for CHRISTMAS. CHILDREN'S COATS and CAPES CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. Hundreds of Children's PINAFORES for - -Christmas presents; beautiful Lacey Designs. OVI,LTILS for P2IISENTS in UMBLUILLAS. BEST VALUE IN CORSETS. Special delivery of UNDVICLOTHING. Wool Goods. Planneletfe Goods. White Underclothing. Splendid has in Ladino Winter Combinations, 3s, lid to les. 6d. DRESSING CASES. Ladies and Gents Dressing Cases is lid to 30$. Oak Stationery Cabinets, with revolving American Book p, 22s 6d. t smokers Cabinets, Linuer Cabinets, Card-Cases, Cigar- Handkerchief Satchnts and nua.7reds of other useful Articles for presents. to. 10Ys t OR THE CHILDREN onusrmas CARDS GENT'S OutFITTING DEPARTMENT. Thousands of Ties.new design,. Silk Initial Handkerchiefs. tuflbrs, Linen Handkerchiefs, Kid Gloves, best value In the district. Under-vcsts, Pants, Act.. Special value, Zs lid. 3s lid. s lid. 6s lid, Wooi and Linen Shirts, our own make, 4s 11d, .4 11d, 7s lid. DRHSSING GOWNS. TRAVELLING RUGS, UM- IiELLAS, FANCY WAISTCOATS, to,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
L. 13.1, b141:11,211 and I.,Uautt-RUIJOIs, witla lotta ovej large yard attached off Tannera-lane.—Apply W-- Sow. Solicitors, 65. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

JII LAT. the VILLA NESIDNNCII, No 9, Museum-1 street, Warrington, containing two entertaining rooms, Ire bedrooms, box room, bath and w.c.. kitchen, scullery cellars. Immediate possession, rent £32 per annum.— '3. BMITH. 6t, Legh-street Warrington.

NAPPIY

Selencel

===== 0002601_19010125_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

WANTED DIALLIIIRD THAUISMAN ; good cottage near. —Apply J CARTWRIGHT. Tarbock. near Preseot.

WANTED, Young Black Newfounclland DOG; state' lowest price.—Apply by letter only, 10, IioLLAND- !THEM , BLACKBURN.

WASTB RUBBBR bought; any description; prompt cash; empty bags supplied.—W. CHEETHam, 118, Nelson-street, Elycle. Cheshire.

ei

NVANTED, a good FARM MAN, to live in; single ; good wages to a good man.—Apply SAMUEL COUPE.' !. Ainsworth, Radcliffe.

.11Faimer,

VVANTED, good steady THAMSMAN ; cottage on thei farm if required.—Apply Mrs. itAviLlNSolf, BroAt- land's Farm, Melling, near Liverpool.

Obutation.

7--,,81P_

iD

'band

ilp

WAIN

===== 0002601_19010125_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
4xperience Oladies dig' Teacher.

A BOUT 50 good WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, alli cx kind, ow prices. —GREENWOOD'S. 48, Moleeworth-I Rochdale.

'Rstreet,

DONT COUGH-USE

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE

There Is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate.l

ITTNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most success- ful Boarding School for Boys. T ISHERWOODS

ItBcktA;n

!HAND VANS euit Bakers. Confectioners, Grocers,' Laundry. or ether business.—GßEGONVl, 343 aria 345 Uluham-road. Manchester.

lALmBaNnoT 1 ii et tNe rD. Tv. . ac u liaoaml3 B 3, ;ileltdoerrisa, Higher 3•uani Cars.lro 3tigpitvoenr.: pool Gigs. Ambulances a speciality.

IN SaaArLi nßewutowlllri's allerkeihnega:TATNicomepalsentilir fitted, nearly Butch r, Heywood, near,3lanthester.

CIOAL CARTS. Foundation Carts, Spring Carts. MI, k Floats, Light Lurries. Real Bargains. JONEB.B, Wheel- wrights, Brooke-street, Bradford. Manchester.

THREE CLARENCE CARRIAGES, one with rubber tyres Jl. for sale at half price. duitab,e for funerals or wedd- ings.—FALLowe, Cheadle station. Manchester.

DARK BItOWN CA.III HORSE 16-3 hands, 6 years old, 4Li guineas, also Cob, 15 bands, 7 years £IO.—TRIPE YV OWLS, 794 Temperance-street, Ardwick, Manchester.

Ontertatnerg.

PRINTING, BOOKBINDING,

LITHOGRAPHY, &c., CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, (Cm JOHN WALKER AND CO. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

isalts op imatt Erratp.

AMPS*—Wanted an old Collection, itc.—Bsoussorr, Mount Pleasant-road, Cattord, S.B.

Ilia%

,IC"'

lAp-ply

; eS'al Condition 8, rapt, a,

VOR Smart Printing,promptly delivered.try Etaas.Printer,l 1: Southend-on-Sea. Setimates on receipt of copy.

ItUOD AIIDDBLI of MANUfill on sale, from 11 Cows k.A —Apply 34, FLonisT EITFLE vT, Crown-street, Liverpool

15000 OAMBRAS to be given away ; partioulars,stamp.l GILLAIW, 13,Anderson'a Walk, Lainlietb,London

G"'S WAY OF' SALVATION. Booklet Sent Free. byl W. C. HAMDEN, 157, Duckworth-street, Darwen, send, at once.

1 A LL Sufferers from tape-wornos quickly relieved. cuirticu- t.ti late free.—Address lIIGEION. Box 278, North-street,

IN SALE, s good sound CART IWARII ; four years old ,11 can have V. S. examinatton.—Tsostse BARLOW, °trail,' near Wigan.

ART BOADDS.—Best and cheapest house for Dart Hoards is J. W. LAWRISNCE. 112 Houudsditch, London. for List. Large stock ; all sizes.

1110FITABLB 61000 S TO BULL. Every kind. Method for beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write HENRY 17, Merchant, (624), Birmingham.

AMRICIRPIift'S RABBIT NIITS made from 4-fold super flax. 50 yards, 10s. Plaited Cords.—Jormsoies NET 'ABEHOTTSE, 38. Corporation-street, Manchester.

AARIBS.—Rioh Yellow and Variegated long YORK bmigli COOKS; splendid songters ; 3s 6d each, two or 61.—ELLEDII. 4. dllestree-road. Fulham, London.

11101t11 Qui°Ks. On SA.ull 53,000 good plants wll rooted two years transplanted fine Stud ()heap to Clear.— _ - Jong ktorassos, St bllat3aels-on- Wyse, Near Garstang ILancashire.

lIVEDDI

IFREFAIAN, say b." '

===== 0002601_19010125_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
_EATING'S COUGH LOZENGE,

Iringtou.

al visable

. EATING'S COLOR LOZENGES. EATING'S COUGH LOZENGE, If you cannot sleep for coughing. one Keating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are I TTERLY UNRIVALLED.

UTTERLY UNRIVALLED.

- 'UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. ; Sold everywhere in tins 13id, each or free on receipt of stamps, from THOMAS KHATING, Chemist, Lo a.

'Majesty'

enabling us ' the 3lx

===== 0002601_19010125_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
IS llve_ esorip All t dozen.— trictest

ili TA

INCANDESCHNT BURNERS. with Gallery, °natal). bast Mantles, and Fireproof Chimney. all complete ls 6d ;1 Mantles. 3d and 4id eaoa, or 2. lOid and 3s 9d per' iwonaoCir, Bevidge Market. Blackburn.

Conlll6,

Iglad . Lyr

ignVERAL small BLOCIL.t of first-rate HOLISISS FOIL kJ SALE in Stockton Heath. Pay a fair Interest.—Apply Ito Imes PEMBERTON, Heathcot, Stockton Heath. or SPENCER WALLBEAD AND Som. Lynae-street, Warrington.

ICI2I,

LIBUMATISM AND PARALY3IB.—Their complete' kome cure. Preface b Dr. Cole. Recommended by' , ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free on receipt of post- rd. Address :—PUBLIMLERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All dots, Manchester.

IR

CRIPS and PlSH.—Cooking Ranges. Cutters, Washers and Peelers, and all utensils for the above business. 'New tile double cooking range the latest and best out. The oldest practical maker in Ragland,- GELDART, 129, King- street, Oldham —A few second hand Cookers on sale cheap.

Ought, . Skelmersdale,

Itionep.

TT. ALLEN AND SONS, WARRINGTON.)

SANITARY PLUMBERS AND

DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE ITHATUTHEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OLTEEN SMELT, EARLESIOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITII A sroca WALL-PAPRRHANGINGIS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH. AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING. PAINTING, GASFITTING. Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENT!! roa " WHLSBACH " INCANDBSUEST LIGHTS.

BSTIrataBS FREE.

elremed

B

I

A. AND J. AILAINE,

PAWNBROKHRS. JBWIOLLERS, AND BILVERSMITHS, 17, lIICIIMOND-STRIIHT, %MIMI:UIna, LIVBEIPOOL,

One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street,' and }.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and 'War Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every iscription. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. ` secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

J. WALKER & CO

"EXAMINER " OFFIOE,

BE W SET STREET, W A RUING TON.

L ETTERPRESS PRINVNG.

PAPER RIIL) NG,

AND BOOKBINDING,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

TELEPIIONE NO. 0489.

MAPPETI;.

lconsl

Ivi

liamh

lgot

litui

ITHE whole world] The World's Tribute. mourns with Englandl and in her days of darkness!

sorrow. Whether the rulers be absolute, ori ititutional, or Republican, they are sending usl their sympathy, and their peoples feel that a great (figure in the world is laid low. Their own holdi Ton the past seems to be loosened. QUEEN "wronrA stood for them a symbol of stabilityl -Aidst change. Russia has had several Czars (Germany three Emperors, France several forms of warm:tient, Austria and America many vicissi- tudes, Italy a resuscitation, during the late QUEEN'S reign. Whilst the face of the world to be changing England remained un-

===== 0002601_19010125_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
teemed

4Th

illma‘

lof

Duke

rEher

g—had.

gstood

Juched under the rule of a benignant Sovereign ind her general policy has been one of peace, /order, and progress. It is impossible the nations i of the world can behold unmoved the event which happened on Tuesday, because it means so much in the way of instruction and' retrospect, inspiration and prophecy. To endurel, 'there must be healthy response to popular feeling, hobriety in the Monarch, the Emperor or the Pre- sident, and continuity of idea and feeling in the I (people themselves. This is the lesson of Englandi Ito the world, and it is being appreciated andl Istudied. The lesson of the world to England isl that high character, sobriety of purpose, and good Tenius will always command admiration and irship. To-day the world bears its glad testi- mony to the greatness of a dead Sovereign. The personal wealth and the successful rule of QUEEN IVICTORIA are admitted from one hemisphere to 1 Ithe other, and wherever the name of England is -lowa there are tears for the dead and sympathy tor the livir.g. Never before in modern times has there been such a splendid recognition of the 1 greatness of a Sovereign and the power of the people over whom she has ruled. When the great monarchs and , Emperors of the past were lying dead in their chambers half the world knew noth- ing

ddi,

nwo,

is*.

ilkn.

Wsui

and cared nothing about their fate. Therel was no tribute of affection, there was no hymn of, praise over a magnificent career. The modern world is more united. Electricity has been the union of nations. Admiration for a high, Lcharacter makes the Whole world kin. The!

of a great country is .that its posi

_ is recognised when its ruler falls and- its day of tribulation begins. The world is bear ling its many-voiced tribute to our dead Sovereign las well as to a living people. If we have enemies lthey are compelled by respect for truth and the magic of a noble personality to recognise that ourl strength is colossal, unbroken,and likely to remain.l Our hearts are smitten, our famous Ruler has'

/passed away, but every eulogy on the dead is a Irecognition of the virtue of the.lliving, and Great FBritain remains what it was, even though its Icentral character has disappeared from the stage. It is especially gratifying to note with what 'unanimity the Monarchs, principalities, and 'powers of the world lay their tributes at the footi of QUEEN VICTORIA'S bier,and how sad the nation' aro that a good lady, and a noble mother, and iwise ruler has left them, poorer, as if a bright star/

4bad been quenched in the dark blue sky. We are grateful as well as proud. There has been talk of ; splendid isolation, but it has vanished. Thel rnations are with us in our sorrow, and they join in ,our hymns and lamentations. We are not alone.

"To the feast of the good will go the good o their own accord." It is so with the funerals of ithe noble. The nations group around. They fee that the death of QuEzrr VICTORIA has been a ibereayement to them all.

1 Tsa Duita of NOR- The Temporal Power. FOLK has very cleverly

explained away his allu- sion to the Temporal Power. We have almost lanticipated the line he would take. He thinks that some arrangement should be come to between the POPE and the Italian Government, by which the former should have restored to him something that was taken away when Italian unity was achieved. What that arrangement should 130 he does not define, and no British Catholics ever have described,it. Probably they mean one thing, and the POPE'S entourage mean something else entirely different, and much more ambitious. That has ,always been the difficulty in dealing with the !Roman question. For instance, there may be all the difference between a restoration and an agree- ment. A restoration means the surrender of Rome to the Porn and the States of the Church which were grouped about Rome, by which the authority of the Italian Government would cease in these territories. It means the sub- stitution of an ecclesiastical for a civil government, and it was against the former that the Italians themselves took up arms, and might do again. It Would mean either that the soldiers of the Italian Government,:or the specially recruited soldiers of the POPE, or the soldiers of !France, or soma:other external Power, would have to protect the POPE against his own subjects and against the revolutionary influences certain to be developed outside the States of the Church by the presence in Italy of a kingdom in which civil government and civil guarantees would have ceased. Agreement may be intended to mean that the Italians should give up Rome to the POPE allow him to be styled King of Rome as well as ?OPE, and find some other capital. The King of Italy would not be King of Rome, and the King of Rome would not be King of Italy. The difficulties and dangers of such a state of things can be readily imagined. Unless the POPE were effieiently guarded, there would soon be a revolution in Rome, and probably another triumvirate. or republic there. There is another matter to be mentioned 4 The more ardent advisers of the Porn would like 'to see him take rank as King in Italy, and exercise over Catholic countries the kind of dictatorship, which existed in past ' times, when, as Vice-regent of God, the monarchs of other countries were ordered about by him as vassals and paid him tribute. It is advisable to be • plain on this subject. Protestants do not want to see

this revival, and they will do all they can to avert and resist it. It would be a melancholy experience for the world. But the Roman Church has its unquenched ambition in this direction, and hence we distrust all these playings with vague phrases like "the restoration of the Temporal Power," and the Vice-regency of the Pope. At 'bottom they mean undoing the work of the Refor- 'tion. They are designed to seduce the minds Protestants, and so disturS the whole of the (arrangements of the present civilised world. The. of NORFOLK may or may not clearly appre . tend what is behind, but intelligent publicists - mow very well what the Roman • Church is after. It seeks to recover its old sway over the monarchs,. the countries; and ths peoples of the world. tt aims at restoring the POpedom to what it was in its most powerful days. Hence the sturdy lay- man will not yield an inch of the ground which has been gained for thought and liberty in the struggle -tf the centuries.

lA. conclusive proof,if one were needed,of the ex. I,tent to which loyalty to the Queen had permeated the nation is to be found in the many references to sr Majesty in the highest poetry of the era. From ier accession to the very day of her death the grestest poets had offered her in the exercise of their art no lip service, but a devotion obviously deep and sincere. He predecessors had been the subject of many flattering addresses. A sucession of Poets Laureate—not now considered very illus- trious, yet doubtless highly esteemed in their day ./ad been accustomed to present .birthday odes co the throne ;. but of these what single line has stood the test of Time? But one of ,these poems may be said now to live, land that, a specimen of the handiwork of Pye,,survives merely as .an example of turgid diction and insincere feeling. With good sense, the annual custom of the birthday ode had been abandoned before the late Sovereign came to the throne ;. but, none the less, her name has been en- shrined in poetry. some of which, it is safe to pro.. diet,, will last as long as any of the finest verse which has been written in her reign. Acollection of the best poems in praise of Queen Victoria would undoubtedly make an interesting and prob- ably a popular volume. And its contributors would be found to include not only distinguished writers who have enjoyed in their career what may be called Court favour, but the young bards—the passionately democratic singers, the almost revol- utionary poets, of the past half-century.

IThe arrangements which are being made at ;Glasgow for the International Exhibition to be 'held there this spring, are now fairly complete. At all events, some idea may be gathered of the extent and importance of the show which will be provided in the Scottish city for all who will come to see; and it is possible, in no mere sense of corn- pliment, to congratulate the Corporation on its enterprise, and on the degree of success which seams to be assured. To have obtained the active support of fourteen or fifteen Governments more than justifies the designation of International and there are features which at the present moment make this outside co-operation particularly inter- esting. The United States, for instance, is sending to Glasgow—so important as an engineering centre—a great exhibition of machinery which is sure to attract widespread attention. Further, it is gratifying to note that from Russia has come the most effective foreign support, the Czar's Government having practically bought up the whole floor space which could be assigned to them and that France comes next, something like four 1 hundred private exhibits being expected horn that country. For the accommodation of these ex- hibits handsome buildings have been erected, iln.deed, that no detail should be left out in the scheme, the Glasgow Corpurltion, with national Icompleteness, has even decideu on waat object the profit to be derived from the show is to be spent. ift is to go towards the building of the great art !gallery commenced with the £54,000 representing re proceeds of the Exhibition of 1888, a work which, it is hoped, may soon be completed, at a ,cost of nearly a quarter of a million.

IThe Warrington Bo—ard of Guardians has jus;, been reminded of the circular which was issued by ithe Local Government Board in August last relat- !ing to poor law admix!istration and aged and ;deserving poor. This precious document was issued iztt the time when rumours were in the air of an approaching general election and there wore not a ;few who were disposed to conclude that the circular !had been sent round more with an eye of catching votes rather than any very strong desire on the [part of the head authority to improva the lot of the poor who come under the care of the Board of t Guardians. It now appears that the Loot Government Board is desirous of ascertaining tlao

V

T ti

au Ia do th€ eV(

thE grE

ml abc Inc cha liv die the -for Bo( dr( fan pre act Rot fire

Yie lug Pro Zip ChB 1305 the the aid by hea adv the fiel( thrTrio fice bee of 8 tair she thr

See] ree( and rah] Le klep ale( uet, lase; no, MD] £l5 to p con Vrot and / and Thai tur€ tlair Pon rem are, the

of v are Nvh( thq tain

POss ( Bat, In Run: od be a littl pir date be

Az of the Prac ours br lOad R lb, exp., how 111),)z 4tivc arm, anti ; bot

It Dub! e,

1..._

i

of of lit

IbMeh.-_

===== 0002601_19010125_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
glory

Ntioi

===== 0002601_19010125_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
result of the consideration of the circular, and th Warrington Board along with others iu the, country has been asked to send in a report on the subject. The Clerk of the Warrington Board has' an easy task. The circular received very brief consideration at Warrington, for if we remember rightly, it was dismissed with the suggestive re-: mark that the recommendations had been already, carried out by the Warrington Board. For manyi years prior to the receipt of the circular the maini suggestions have been in active operation in the -Warrington Union and the Local Government Board is therefore just a trifle late in the day. The Clerk has now drawn up a reply incorporating these facts. One would have thought that the central authority would have been cognisant of them, seeing that all the schemes adopted have received their approval.

One of the best ways of stopping the war would, Undoubtedly, be to stop the "Stop the War Com- mittee," which, individually and collectively ap- pears to have lost its mental balance. What ad vantage the committee can see in painting the British soldiers as black as possible is a mystery. We suppose it is public support the Committes de- sires above all else and yet they go to the furthest extreme in methods calculated to alienate that support. There was a" Stop the War" meeting on Thursday evening, and the principal argument was an accusation against Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener of harbouring a policy having as its aim the extermination of a "heroic nationality" by starving its women and children and by the deliberate massacre of un- armed prisoners. A subsequent resolution re- ferred to "calculated atrocity" anti Great Britain "the enemy of the human race." Could arything be more childish or peur- ile, than these hysterical and venomousl attacks on officers and men whose conduct and; careers will bear the closest investigation F The! "Stop the War" agitators may perhaps considerl themselves exponents of a higher form of patriot- ism, but the man in the street has an estimate of them at his tongue-tip which be, like one of the, characters in Barry Pain's "Eliza," could expressil in two incisive, unanswerable words.

MATTERS OF MOMENT. A Provincial Letter. There has been but one topic of interest, or of Public concern, during the present week; the one Shbject upper-most in everybody's mind being the; fatal illness of England's Queen. Not only in Lon-I don, but in every town and village of the provinces' the name of our late ,evered Sovereign has been on everybody's lips, both young and old. And not only in this country, bur, in all parts of the world, the thoughts of people have instinctively turned to the sick bed at Osborne. The news, first of the grave condition of her Majesty and soon afterwards of her death, cast a feeling of general gloom over the people, and everywhere public engagements haNe;been cancelled and social functions abandoned The Victorian era, which has now terminated, has been the most marvellous in the life of this country It has been mark-d by transformations more strik- ing and glorious than those that might be brought about by the Oriental magician's wand; and in al- most every sphere of life have these wonderful changes been affected. Sixty-four years since, the lives of provincial people were for the most par. dismal and dreary. Toe conditions under which the majority laboured were not favourable to com- fort. Educati ,n was the luxury of the well-to-do. . Books were scarce; intellectual agencies woefully Circumscribed. The postal system was in if s in- ', fancy, and a heavy embargo lay on the newspaper Press. Railways were of a very elementary char- acter. There were no telegraphs, no telephones, no Tiontgen rays, and electric motors were not even dreamt of. What was, perhaps, worse for country People generally, was the fact That food and cloth- ing alike were dear. Houses were built with no .T,lgard to sanatation ; indeed sanatation, or sanita- il9u,was an unknown science. But within the leterian era these matters have changed amaz- ' ugly. The liberation of the newspaper press, the ! Zfoduction of cheap literature in book and maga- , chile form, the repeal of the Corn Laws, and the "Pening of food; the perfection of the penny Rost, the creation of a network of railways all over Kingdom, the extension of political rights by Reform Bill, the creation of a State and rate- aided education, the emancipation of workpeople ,bY Factory Acts, and of the mill hand from an un- healthy environment; the almost miraculous advances in medicine, surgery, and sanitation, and the startling discoveries made in various scientific fields—have all helped to render the people p throughout the country happier, healthier, and more self-reliant. During Queen Victoria's bene-I Ecent reign the wooden walls of old England have been superseded by those mighty fightinz engines lof steel which some day may be required to main- p. tain an uninterrupted supply of cheap food. In , short the Victorian era bristles with points of it thrilling interest.

--- An admirer of the" good old days," which hel seems to remember, when he says that beer was recognised as the product of barley-malt, and hops, and Water. desires that the public should be re- lainded of another matter, other than beer, to which "e thinks mlre attention should be given. The of whPat he considers has been altered most "LePlorably from the old way for the purpose of to f e eting the competition for profit, and to suit the ba4hion of the people There i+ a difference, he says etWeen the miller and the brewer. The former tses wheat still for the manufacture of flour, and to, chemicals. But the new process has cost the raining interest from £1,500 in a small mill to 15,000 in a large concern for expensive machinery to produce a white flour from the ordinary run of common red wheats. If there was a man whol Would say that the chemical decoction called beer,l and the roller-made white flour are as. nutritious and as suitable for the digestive organi of the hu-1 man system as the original methods of manufac-1 ture, he should be apt to tell him there was some- thing wrong in his upper storey. What the corres-I Pc:indent would say if the man professed to stilll I.einsin unconvinced can only be imagined. There are, many, however, who need no convincing on the points raised, being firmly convinced already.

Judging by the reporrs sent in from many parts! of the provinces, the respons to the lat-at call to xs should prove quite satisfactory. Fewer men : have offered themselves than on the first appeal to vlunteer forces, but there has been no doubtl that both the Yeomanry and infantry contingents] 'cvould be forthcoming In most places, however,l tecruiting has been checked by the absence of infor-] ation as to the conditions of service and the! _lujentions of the Government with regard to this' tt'iliditional force. As regards the reinforcements for! e Imperial Yeomanry, this information is now! ,uPplied by the Commander-in-Chief. The my is! a fairly generous scale, and one point iita•ticu-I ftrly worthy of notice is that the medical examina- t ! Pu may be less strict than in the case of recruits j lor the regular army.

There are more complaints just now r the part! Volunteers in different parts of the country who; are not provid,d with suitable ...hooting ranges, and! Who imagine that they are not so well treated byl the War Office as they might be. They are cer-I tairtlY better treatel now than they have been, and! possibly some are becoming a little too particular! .1,1,1 consequence of being takrm more notice of.l zint, where they have to practi'e with the same old Runs they had of yore,while supplied with the most tzodern weapons when in camp, there does seem to! P;e a reasonable cause of grumbling. There can beittl l doubt that if the War Office were more up-to-1 date, and took advantage of the preset'', Volunteerl Pint, the present number of Volunteers would soon e increased to five hundred thousand. --- Among the achievements expected at the hands oifl Lord Roberts, as Commander-in-Chief, is that of e organisation of the Volunteers on a thoroughly' Practical basis, including a proper equipment Of; ourse,the Government cannot now afford to neglect' ,‘,.branch of the service of whicn they hare been to make use in an emergency, while Lord; eft !berts isnot likely to forget the high opinion hoj hx,Pr"sed of their work in South Africa, Exactly; n'w vouch will be lone for the Volunteer dependsi tho earnestne-s with which the Government, 'l4Cro',o themselves to the much talked of subjct of, aurt,r;l3f reform. Theraeould not be a cheaper forco,, 4 t must ba the foult of the Cloverament if it is ot efficient.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
tion of nearly every community are as yet only half convinced that education is something worth possessing, and worth paying for. The tendency to leave School Board elections to be managec by, political parties, though it may not have hitherto' produced any evil effects in practice, is not at all a! ,healthy sign. A distinct step forward, however,has rbeen made within the past week by the formationl lof a General Educational Council. The Bishop of i Illereford hopes that the Council will become "some-; thing like a free educational senate, or conferencs,l or congress," and that it will bring together leaders in various departments of education, and so obtain "A concentrated expression of the best public' opinion." The very number of existing societies not' ,perhaps in rivalry with each other,but each looking at educational matters from the point of view of itsi !own clientele, is in itaelf one of the obstacles the Council has to deal with.

.aown

===== 0002601_19010125_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES FREE LIBRARY LECTURE. Last Friday, under the presidency of Dr. Don- nelly, a very interesting lecture was given by Mr, C R Lewis, M.A., on "Eighteenth Century Litera-1 ture —the age of Prose." There was a very largel attendance.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT IT WIDNES.

On Friday a man named William Griffiths, aged 24 years, 10, Dixon-street, labourer at Widnes Poundry, while following his employment was mahed by a crane against a pillar. The unfor- .,unate man was conveyed te the Accident Hospital where Dr Edwards found him suffering from frac-, tured ribs and surgical emphysema. He is progress- ing favourably A REMARKABLE BIRD SHOT AT RUNCORN. Mr Thomas, Shallcross, 60, High-street, Runcorn became possessed of an extraordinary large speci-, men of the "Great Northern Diver," which was killed on the banks of the River Mersey. The length of wings from tip to tip is six feet two inches, We understand that he is having the specimen stuffed. Local ornithologists assert that the bird is rarely met so much south._

'ler)

===== 0002601_19010125_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A MONSTER PIKE.

Messrs. J. Bate and T. Lea, two of the Runcorn! iAnglers' Association, had a good day's sport, pike! (fishing at Batebthere lake, on fuesday afternoon.' Amongst the "catch" was a monster pike of Ili lbs.' which Mr Bate euccessfully hooked, but it took the combined efforts of both anglers to land it. The, fish has been forwarded to Messrs. Cox, Liverpool,' to be preserved. " LESSONS FROM THE LIFE 011' ODE LATE BELOVED QUEEN." The above will form the subject matter for a, special sermon, at St. Paul's Church, on Sunday evening next. The preacher will be the Bev Alfred Wells, superintendent. The service will commence at 6 p.m prompt.—A memorial servi,'s will be also held in St, Paul's Church, the date ot which will be advertised in due course. SPECIAL UNITED MISSION.

.*flel

We would call our readers' attention to the fact, that the Free Church United Mission have fixed February 16th to 26th for the holding of Special Services at St.Paul'a Chapel. The Rev Alfred Wells, will conduct the services. A RUNCORN YOUTH COMMITTED TO QUARTER SESSIONS.

On Thursday morning, Mr E Imisoo, J P., corn-1 imitted Robert Harding. of Runcorn, to Quarter' 'Sessions, on a charge of indecently assaulting a lemale.—Prisoner was admitted to bail himself in .£lO and two sureties in ..£s.—The recognisances were made out for the first time in the name of " Our Sovereign Lord the King," and as read out by the Clerk sounded strangely to the ear. DEATH OF AN OLD RUNCORNIAN. We regretfully record the death of MrJohn John- son, who up to rec-ntly acted as Assistant Magis- trates' Clerk at Burton-on-Trent, which took place bout 5 o'clock on Wednesday morning at his resi- ience at Burton. Mr Johnson was the son of ths Late Mr Stanley Johnson, and brother of Mr Frank Johnson. Clerk to the Runcorn Bench of Magis- trate. For many years he was Assistant Clerk to the Runcorn Magistrates, in the time of Mr John H Chorlton, and when he removed to Burton his brether succeeded him. The deceased gentleman was 54 years of age, and leaves a wife and two chil- dren to mourn his loss.—The funeral will take place at Burton-on-Trent next Saturday. ST PAUL'S .MOTHERS' MEETING, RUNCORN. In connection with the St. Paul's Mothers' Meet- ing, a very interesting afternoon was spent in the minister's vestry on Monday under the presidency of Mrs Robinson. There was a moderate attend- ance, and the president pro tem., after apologizing for the absence of Mrs Wells, the superintendent minister's wife, which it was explained was due to a somewhat severe illness, but from which,happily, ebe was rapidly recovering, delivered a most in- structive address, based on the words " Certainly I will be with thee." At the close of the meeting the members expressed the pleasure at seeing Mrs Robinson, the late president, with them once more, and hoped that she would often, when her health permitted, pay them a visit. WEST BANE MISSION, WIDNES. On Saturday evening, nnder the presidency of Sir Rylands, a very pleasant evening was spent in connection with the above mission. The quartette, contining of the Misses E Ashton, E A Day and Messrs J Jones and J Hosker, more than maintained their reputation with their excellent renclering of the part songs entitled "Gather them in" and "Re- member me, 0 Mighty One." Mr H Smith was twice encored for "The Fireman's Wedding" and "The Mission Room," the pieces being recited with considerable pathos. "Fiona" and "My little Georgia Rose "were sung very sweetly by E F Law while Miss Ashton, with her temperance songs " Sign the pledge for Mother's sake" and " Don't marry a man if he drinks" got the right side of heri audience. ' Solomon Levi" was capitally rendered! by Mr J Ilosker. Mr C 14: Bingham, St Helens, de- livered a very interesting address, which wasl listened to with marked attention. ST. PAUL'S P.S.g., WIDNES.

dabou

In connection with the above a meeting was held, 'under the presidency of Mr Arnell, at the Parochiali Rooms. There was a good audience. A lantern lecture was given on South Africa by Mr J Williams, which proved to be most enjoyable. Mr D Smithl arranged the musical programme, and pleased; everyone by singing with tine effect "Dear Mother' 'England 'and " When I was a boy at school." Mr Jackson rendered " Irish Lullaby's ' and " Bravest and Best" in a very patriotic manner. "Old Eng- land still the same," by Miss Sage, was charmingly given. "The Broken Window" woe recited with much earnestness by Mr Evans. Mr Pope sang "My iweetheart when a boy" and " Let me like a soldier fall" very finely, and the duet by Messrs S 1 Pope and Edwardson brought a most entertaiuingl evening to a graceful close. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPILOVEMIINT CLASS. The first meeting of this Session was held at the Brunswick School, on Wednesday night, being of a social and musical character. Mr T simieter The sided over a fair attendance. In his opening remarks he alluded to the great loss sustained by the death lof Her Majesty toe Queen. During her reignl the qualities she had exhibited, and her :splendid exampled on the side of right and goodness had uplifted the people andl Iwon that respectful homage that followed her to ,the grave. An excellent programme, arranged byl Miss Bitty Carter followed, songs being contri- buted by Misses Clare, Davies, Carter, and Mr John Leathwood : recitation by Miss Sanders ; piano- forte solo by Master Williamson ; comic readings by Mr Thomas Sanders, whose characteristic humour was much en evidence. During the interval refreshments were banded round and Mr Walter Millington supplemented the president in a neat speech. A most enjoyable evening was spent._ Next week there will be " an evening with Burns " by Mr McLeod. NOMINATIONS AT THE LIBERAL CLUB Last Wednesday evening, there was a meeting at the Liberal Club, for the purpose of receiving the nominations to the several offices of the club, Mr W B Brimelow presided, and the following names were given in :—President: Sir J T Brunner, Bart M P. ; vice-presidents, Messrs S Taylor, J.P., R II Posnett, A It Norman, J.P., W Ockleston, and George Bellamy; treasurer, Messrs R Moore, and W Millinger ; secretary, Mr A Riley; Committee, Messrs W B Brimelow, J Rawlinson, T !Carruthers, P Corns, 11 Chadwick, James Green, J !Handley, W Millinßer, J Jolley, W Riley. T John- !son, T Yates, J Green, A Ravenscroft, E R Pearson,l O Kniveton, W Millington, James Lea, James Arden.i M Frith, Robert °weld, I 0 T Leach, Joseph Brown, T Cooke, 8 Bailey, II liniveton, Nitr ;Rushton, T Saunders, John Jones, Alex Green, L' 11. Wright, W Page, H Parr, and J Cragg.—' ,The annual meeting is next Wednesday.

Mgi

Rpoi

4re

DULICTOUi MAZkWATTI3I3 ITIA DIILIOIOU3 MAZlwAlrill3 MI DELIOIOTT3 11. AZ 14741..TEFLE VIA 11 tt, ig bAginning to ha recogniaed that tha Blidalll, SOLE AGF.NTS: liaNUr KILLING • Co., LTD. WEVILESA.LE. IND RETAIL EMCEES ETC., bil lie. and especially the provincial public, need to •1 5. 110118E3AMET-STREET, WABBINGTON. t educated about education. A considerable por-

===== 0002601_19010125_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINTM, FRI ,AY, JANUARY 26, 1901.

there. His Worship will be accompenied to church by centre of which et‘pend crystal globe lamps. Toe sercop r.: members an l officials of the Corporation. hagus, where Prince Albert's coffia tete reposed since its removal to the building, and re w hien the remains of* At the weekly meeting of the 1.0.G.T., Warringten our beloved Sovereign are to find an earthly resting-." Onward " lodge on Tuesday, referecce was made to .‘the death of the Queen. Representativee were present place, occupies the micelle of the poliehed floor, and 15 the the three lodges in the town, and Bro. Splikes, of adorned by four beduetuliy-deregned bronze kneeling the '' Onward " lodge, was instructed to send a meesage angelic figures. The walls arouud are laced with thee ot coneolence to tde .R.,yal Family,ou behalf of the Good rareet in.i. Mee, and degL.r.,,ted wall lerge frescoes oft scriptural subj .cts, and statuary , and in one of the Tempters of Warrington. aisles Is a lrautitol marble group sculptured by the Is Before conducting an inquest at the Warrington Poll Station on Thureday meruine, Mr S B:igbouse the Sir Edgar Boenin, representing Princess Alice (Grand Dummies of dew) and Le; cued. Couuty Coroner, addressing the jury said r—" o:hers “ It was only on the fourteenth of lest month that thewith words more ekquent than ny at my command heve already paid tiibuce to the memory of our beloved Queen and Rey al Family atteuded the eery tee on tne Queen, but it would ill become me at tnis the first in- uouble anniversary ot the deaths .of Pricce .Alleert and quiry in Soule West Lincashire in the first year of the be Grand Duchees of Hesse. rue Bishop ot Winchester, t may be, remembered officiated. reign of his Majesty Edward VII., if, not only on behalf of myself but on yohr behalf and on behalf of DATE OF THE FUNERAL all the jurors in the wstrict over which I have lurisdictien. I did not join in the universal :xpression of regret at the loss the nation has sustained OD is the death of nor late Majesty tlae Queen. I do not b look upon these expressions voiced from pulpit from ee Courts of Justices and trona the press as empty and I I formal procedure. It is a bounden duty we owe to the memory of one who endeared herself to her people by 0 the wisdom of her rule. That his Majesty may rule us 211 wisely and teat when his time comes to depart from this world, lie may leave behind him as faithful a record of service rendered to his people, is the wish of all his ec loyal subjects." at On Thursday morning, at the opening of the War- riegton County Court tos Honour Juege Bowen How- l( Jamie said : Mr Registrar and geutlemeia :—Before commencing the business of the Court it becomes my Of sad duty to say a few words with reference to the loss which has fallen upon this country, upon the empire, le and upon the whole world. It has been a double loss. It t has been the loss not only of a great and goedQueen who rr in her capacity as Queen and in they of the whole land [t and of much of the civilized world was looked up to by E eigh and low, but also of a woman who discharged the ui uties appertaining to her private position in life in such . , manner as has rarely been equalled and never excelled. b The Queen was not only Queen of the place in which I S now eteud but there was an especial connection between t her late Majesty and outset ved, for ~ut Oely did she hold the great ottices I have indicated where her more exten• ded sway went but she was Duchess of Lan- caster, and therefore it is especially becoming H here that we should take note of the sorrow 1 that afflicts us all. There are some things which words are too feeble and inadequate properly to ft press and the tumult of emnieee that have agitated IS de breasts of the entire world during the past few days 11 find a not very complete expression in the vehicle of ej language which is provided for carrying abroad our s thoughts. Still, such as they are, we must give expres- n sine to them. That strange change which was observed t in the opening of the court this morning, strange to •-ri most if not to all, from her gracious Mtjesty to his E elajesty leads me at the same time in expressing ir our deep sorrow for the late Queen of these d realms to wish 0 him who now succeeds to the regal inheritance, long life, prosperity, and happiness, and I can wish him no better fate both I for himself personally and for the country in general, than that he should carry out that resolve he expressed 4' A at the meeting of the Privy Council on Wednesday, e. namely that he would make his mother his exemplar of cenduct throughout life. lam sure lam only express- trig your feelings as well as the feelings of everyone in r the few words I have found it my duty to utter. A a strange thing about the grief for her Majesty is this,that ? he nation and Empire and world almest mourn tier as e i individual, whiles: each individual of that vast come unity feels as though the loss were personal to himself e r [A special memoir of the Queen's reign will be found on ~ page 81 ease

,t,p,

A Central News telrguith flow East Cwrs says that it has been orehled that the remains ut her late Majesty hall be rtmoved frual OlLOr,ke uu Filday, Frbrlldry 'the tuheral will take place on SaLurday, February] By tle Queeu'a espiesti Ce.ire,tho fuheral will pitztal A a 111111tary character.

gtiatl

lsal

f bernbas

la . '4,llThe

Nes)

qibe

si n

the!,

Are c, ‘s t 'a le ieep ack one be muml

lel'

===== 0002601_19010125_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH

OF THE

QUEEN.

It is with profound regret that we record the death of her Most Gracious Mojesty, the Queen, which occurred at Osborne on Tuesday evening. The first intimation of the melancholy intellig- ence came to the Lord Mayor of London from the Prince of Wales by a telegram despatched from Osborne at a quarter to seven, as follows : My beloved Mother, the Queen, has passed away, surrounded by her children and grandchildren. ALBERT EDWARD, Osborne 6,45. _

I It was past seven o'clock when the official bulle-1 tin announcing the sad news was posted at ,Osborne House. It read as follows :

January 22nd, 1901, 6.45 p.m,—Her Majesty the Queen breathed her last at 6.30 p.m.,surrounded by her children and grandchifdren. (Signed) JAMES RRID, M.D. R. Dolmas Powslat M.D. THOMAS BARLOW, M.D. The Lard Mayor sent the following reply to the Prince—a reply which will be echoed throughout ithe land:—

Your Royal Highness's telegram announcing the nation's great loss I have received with pro- found distress and grief. I have communicated this most sad intimation to my fellow-citizens. Her Majesty's name and memory will live for ever in the hearts of her people. May I respect. fully convey to your Royal Highness, and all the members of the Royal Family, the earnest sym pathy and condolence of the City of London in your great sorrow.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAST MOMENTS.

Though the Queen's illness was only made known, on Saturday its gravity quickly impressed itself on the public mind. Every succeeding hour increasedl the general anxiety, especially as the frequent bulletins gave ground for only the slightest hope„ Her Majesty rapidly worsened throughout Sunday, ,and Monday, and Tuesday, but retained conscious- ness to the last. After waking from the slumber into which she had fallen about noon on Tuesday she had so sharp an attack about half-past three that all her family had to be summoned from their various rooms, for none of them had left the pre- cincts of the Castle as they had done on Monday, knowing that the end could not be far off. Her wonderful vitality, however, again asserted itself and the sharp crisis was again surmounted, though, the august sufferer now began to sink slowly, andi her release was seen to be only a question of an hour or 80. Again the sorrowing circle of watchersi retired for a little, but presently they were called! back to the chamber of death, and in the midst ofi her anguished children and grandchildren, Victoria,l the great and good, serenely passed away to the presence of the Bing of Kings, leaving behind her a tharacter and a name of which the memory will sever die. The Duchess of York and her children, reached the Castle just in time for the end, but' Prince Christian was too late. Prince and Princess' Louis of Battenberg were among the bedside mourners, who included all the members of the Royal Family now in the country. The Prince of Wales was very much affected whet the doctors in waiting ac last informed him that his royal mother had breathed her last, and the scene was a most affec6ing one, almost beyond the power of words. Deeply affected himself, the Ger- man Emperor did his best to minister comfort to his sorrow-stricken uacle, whose new dignity he was one of the first, if not the very first, to acknowledge. During the last moments of Her Majesty the Bishop of Winchester and the Rev. Clement Smith read special prayers in the Queen's room, and later in the evening the Bishop conducted a short ser- vice in the Queen's death-chamber, at which all 1 the members ot the Royal Family at Osborne were present.

4re

doh;

gscen

===== 0002601_19010125_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
In the Death Chamber.

On Wednesday, the servants and retain ors of the late Queen at Osborne were permitted to see the remains of ltbeir beloved mistress. The scene was one which will long remain as a precious recollection in the memory of those who had the privilege of witnessing it. These A were , besides the servants the tenants on the Osborne Neste

Mtbo-ie

Ito, and the offiefus of the Royal yachts. The Queen Pay on the bed in the room where she died. Over the ;coverlet were strewn snowdrops and lilies of the valley and a few green sprays—tokens which lay over the body of Prince Albert Victor at Sandricgham. It was not lifficult to detect the hand of the Princess of Wales in his arrangement. Ths hands of the lato Queen were bided over the chest, and the head leaned somewhat to ;he right. Over the face had been drawn a white veil if the thinnest texture,through which the features were lainly discernible. Perfect peace was imprinted on the ntenscce, which, as white as marble, like the hands, owed no trace of suffering. The illness had left no ullishrinklng, and even the ann - _

Ifico,

41of

dthi

4the

drinking. and even the appearance of extreme age had 1 gone The nurses and the two Indian attendants wer. there. The visitors glided softly into the room, and there was no talk to di4turb the solemn stillness which reigned in the death-chamber.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Queen.—A Memory.

{BY A LADY CONTRIBITTOIII

lOn Tuesday evening news came to us of the, IQueen's death. Since Saturday, when the first official bulletin was issued, we have all feared the ' worst, but hoped for the best. And now the worst .has COMO and our fears are realized, and the first, snsation is one of shock. Then .a sadness comes' over 1.18, and we feel as though we had lost a friend. For, above all, else the Queen's thoughtful kindli- ness, and ready sympathy have endeared her to her subjects all the world over, and the world will not be the same without her. We shall read our nswepapers, and miss the ever-recur- ring paragraphs relating to her generosity, and the interest and affection that prompted her to wire her sympathy in such touching terms to those who were in trouble. She was a woman first, and a Queen afterwards. All her life we have loved her, but never so much as during the last twelve months, and who shall say to what extent those twelve months are responsible for her death? We have sung " God save the Queen" with tears in, )ur eves and Jumps in our throats ; and now there no Queen and we find it very difficult to put the .ing in her place. It was the writer's privilege, 4wenty-iix years ago, when living not far from Buckingham Palace, to see the Queen on several foccasions, one of which has never been forgotten. While walking along Buckingham Palac- road, the Queen's carriage, a victoria, was seen coming in the opposite direction, with its grey horses, and containing the Queen and* others. All the pedestrians stood still while it passed, the gentlemen raised their hats, and the ladies bowed. Two ladies,evidently strangers, asked Whose carriage is that ?" " The Queen's," I said; I "Is she in it? " was the next question. " Yes,"l . answered, " the little lady in black is the Queen."l " What an ordinary-looking person she is !'' the)/ exclaimed. Yes,she was ordinary-looking and that is. why we loved her. We felt that she wasn't tar an,il away above us,but one of us and extraordinary onlyl in those qualities which made her"the gentlest lady in the land,"and endeared her to us all for ever.

gee'

(pan,

ah gal

*ksliB

iKi

land

===== 0002601_19010125_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

Where the Queen will be buried.

1 There is little doubt, that the royal remains will bel ,finally deposited in the 11..ogrnote Mausoleum, where the holy of the Prince Consort, who died at Windsor Castle, on Ei,ocember 14., 1861, is entombed, and where • vadinti space in tha spienuid granite sarcoptiagus was left at thel side of his late Royal Highness's coffin when the splendiel building was erected. The Mausoleum stands in thel moat beautiful portion of the grounds, not far from thel tomb of the Duchess of Bent, the Queen's late mother.; The greensward is dotted with rare trees, planted byl several members of the ItEiyal Family and other illustri- ous personages. The building, which is in the Italian istyle, is approached from the gravelled way by a grand ;flight of steps, and the landing outside the handsome grille bears two large brocza figutes. Over the tine liportico is the touching inscription, "In this tomb hisl sorrowing widow, Qaeen Victoria, willed that all that i,was mortal of Prince Albert should be depleited, AD. 1 'IIICCOLXII. Farewell, most rare one ; here will I redt t with thee, and rise again with thee in Corist." Tha interior ha. a lantern domed roof, from the

4sid

glThi

===== 0002601_19010125_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ILECTURE ON VEGETABLE FOODS AT WARRING roN.

Professor William Stirling, NI.D., c ntinued hie course, of lectures on "Food and Nutrition "in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, Warriagton, on Tu .alay evening. As !the audience assembled, the sad news of the death of the Queeu was circulated and became the topic of conversa- tion. Promptly at the advertised time, the Lecturer mounted the platform and stated that what with the dismal weather outside an] the des :Anti m of soul which pervaded every member of the English community at the present time, it was a somewhat difficult task to interest them on al question of their daily bread. He wished them to consider some of the chief constituents lof vegetables. There was one thing which distinguished vegetable foods from animal foods and that was that they contained a very large amount of starchy sub- stances, known as carbohydrates. These vegetable foods might also, under certain circumstances, contain fatty matter in the form of oil, as in the case of nuts or in oily seeds. The lecturer alluded to some of the industrial uses of starch and facetiously referred to the starch powder made from rice which was used by many ladies for itnproving the com- plexion. Starch was derived from an extraoadlnary number of different plants. They might obtain it from the tubers of potatoes, from the pith of palms or from underground stems of other plants. It was a reserve material in plants against the day of hunger, and was stored stored up so that it might be made eof when the period of flowering commenced. It was not a substance on which plants lived day after day. Starches had also different characteristics. The starch grains from rice' were exceedingly small whilst those from potatoes, were large. In speaking of the composition of sterol-LI the lecturer demonstrated by a simple experiment with iodine, the presence of carbon in large quantities, and proceeded to speak of the value of starch as a food sub- stance. Potatoes, he pointed out, were valuable ad- juocts to other foods and were readily digestible when properly cooked. The next subject treated by the lecturer was that of sugars. He classified them into the following : cane sugar, grape sugar, glucose or Idextrose ; and milk sugar or lactose, Sugars, be said, contained an enormous quantity of carbon They were burned up in the body for the production of heat and mechanical work,and when taken in immoder- ate quantity, favour the formation and deposit of fat. Reference :was made to the two principal iugars. beet sugar and cane sugar. The manufacture of such a large quantity of sugar from beetroot, and, the rich subsidies paid by foreign governments to beet producers, had caused beet sugar to seri- c.usly interfere with our own cane sugar industry in the Wrst bales. The lecturer then pro- ceeded to refer to cereals or cultivated grains dealing especially with wheat, wheaten flour and bread. Although rich in solids, bread was poor in fat and salts. The difference between leavened and unleavened bread was explained, as well as the aeration of bread by the .action of carbonic acid In referring to oatmeal, mon- ition was made of its importance as a food. It contained a large amount of niitrielon but the proteids 1 present had no adhesive properties like the gluten of wheat, hence bread could tint be made from it, iThe percentage of fat was larger than in wheaten flour. it was easily creaked, and could be eaten with relish for long periods. Reference was also made to macaroni, vermicelli and other foods, the lecturer concluding an instructive lecture by a description of compressed vegets ables, which had beet) proved of great value in military! ,xpeditions and in tim s of emergeney.

OAKLAND-STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOL, WIDNSS Solos, duets, and instrumental selections formed a very pleasing programme at the Oakland-street, schoolroom on Saturday evening. There was a very good attendance, which was presided over by thel liev IL R Williams. The pianoforte duets by the Misses E Hartland, and E Farr, the Misses E Owen' and CI Hartland and the Misses N Mercer, and PI Williams were executed, as a whole with cousider-' able executive skill. Miss Timperley was heard at her best in the selected mandoline solos. Mr Hop- wood's splendid bass voice was heard to advantage in " The young Royalist "and "The mighty deep." Mr. H Pilgram charmed everyone with the tenor solos " Tom Bowling " and " The Blue Alsationi Mountains.' "Leather and learning " and " Leav- ing it off by degrees" were sung with fine effect byl Mr J Johnson. Everyone was pleased with Miss E. Clare's renr'ering of " When the heart is young,' and Mr. Uibson's cornet solo, "The challenge," gavel, no little satisfaction. Mr and Mrs Pilgram's duets kained the sympathy of the audience, The meet- ing was one ot the most enjoyable ever held. Rinstoouri, WIDNES AND DrATBICT TBACHDRS The

itph.

ASSOCIATION. jur dtahye evening, annual meeting of this a=sociation was held a eSviecinnl'egCre” Board School, Widnes, on Sat-' when Mr J Brown presided. A resolution was unanimously actooted bailing with satisfaction the intention of the Government to Ideal with the question of the dismissal of teachers elementary schools, The annual reports and, ibalance-sheet, which were adopted, showed that thr (association was in a flourishing condition- Therei iwas a balance of .£2 16s 7d in hand, and the mem-1 ibership numbered 82. Mr. R. Devonald. who was installed as president, spoke in favour of the newl icode, but regretted that the Government had not been able to increase the grants to senior schools, iby at least two shillings per head, as a maximum IRrant of .£1 2s per head meant a serious loss to the ibest equipped schools, In the case of the Widnes !School Board the loss amounted to .£350 per annum but to the credit of the Board they had decided that, rile teachers should not suffer. The officers for Lb* !Current year were elected as follows :—Vice-presi- :dent, Miss Clayden • treasurer, Miss Crawford ; ;secretary, NIL G. S. Smith; assistant-secretary, Mr. ,Glover ; Parliamentary Secret try, 'Mr. Moulton.

DELICIOUS MAZ %MAMIE TEA DELICIOUS bIAZ&WATTEE TEA _oHLIOIoUs mAzx vAT [ER I:EA.

SOLE A.GERTE—:" 1:111N1Y MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLKBAL 4 AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., b, RoItBEXA RAE C-NTAIE ET, WAREINGTIN.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,dsho'

Icoui

===== 0002601_19010125_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Court Mourning.

A second suppleinenc to tht: " London Gavtte Eictra- lordinary " ot 'lu,say COntainii the iolloivirig roues : LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S OFFICE, linnisHAT. Orders for the Court to go itiLu mourulag for Auer late/ Most Gracious Maj m wP ~,EtY Q Wen ViCtoria, of ble9sed.

_ _.‘”) , ladies to wear black dreaLes trimmed' "nth crape, and black oboes and gloves, black fans,' featheis, dnd °rum:news. roe gentlemen to wear black 'Court dress, with black swurds and buckles, foe lmourning to commence from the date of this order. The 'Court to changu the tuourutug on Wtcluesday the 24th July not', viz. :—The ladies to wear black dresses with 301ullied ribbous, fl, wera, leathers, and ornaments, or ;rey or vtiiLi uriea WI h ol.ce ribbons, Arisen, leattors, and ornaments. Th.! gentlemen to continue, the s tme mourniog. And on Friday the 24:u Jantiary next tho ()Jun t go out of mourning: In the Provinces.

limemo,

lioolvi

===== 0002601_19010125_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
How the Sad News has been Recei:ed.

The news of the Queen's death had been expected to reach the provinces almost at asy hour, and in- tense anxiety was manifested to obtain the latest bulletins, so that (111 public were to a large extent! prepared for the sad news oin its arrival. beverthe-1 less when the demise of her Majesty was actually I announced nothing but regrets could be heard on all hands that the Sovereign's long and glorious Ireign had come to an end. Everywhers public gatherings and ceremonies were postponed indefinitely. Theatres were ciosed, -id there was a mournful Lulling of bells.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn

"lOU,

The news we. received at Rune oa Tueiday even- I ing, and Caused a Rater 49 gloom to hang over the district.l The bells of the Parish Church, Trinity Church, and Mersey Mission rang out their mutMA tones ; the Meal Royal, at which a performance was in progreis, was' immediately cloed by Mr Caddie, the proprietor ; a' 4 concert announced for the Liberal Club, was also given up ; and throughout the town generally, a sense of deep mourning was manifcst. The news buys, too,were struck with the solemness of the occasion, and not one could be beard loudly heralding the event, hut quietly they ap- proached with a " Last edition, sir, our Queen is dead." At Halton, the Cowen b-II proclaimed tne sad news,and several villagers gathered round th,i Post Office to read „le solemn notice, and turn away awed by the mourn- !fulness of the OCCit6lOl5l.

On Wednesday 6bULterS wore up, blinds drawn, and' lags were at bad mast throughout the district. The Chairm4o of the Urban District Council, Mr W. Handley, has issued the following notice •—" Death of; our Queen. The lamented death of our beloved Queen' has plunged our ca ion into deep and sincere grief. I 'feel lam but anticipating the desire of the whole in-1 habitants of Runcorn in their earnest wish to respect- ally assure the bereaved Royal Household of their yinpathy, and also to join in public expression of the! Tational respect and sorrow. I am sure thati veryone will be ready to take part in such .n expression by wearing some personal mark of' Imourninz, lowering filo blinds or in some other suitable' 'appropriate manner, and thus gay a last tribute ofl respect to the memory and public and private virtuesl of the illustrious dead, Runcorn January 22ad,1901.'1 Ist this request is being carried out with every respect- ful indication, best pictures the state of felling !Runcorn.

pilba

I

OEM

gm!

Ares]

IliThm

===== 0002601_19010125_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington.

The bulletins which had been issued &trine the day, iad partieliy prrpired the people of Warringthe to exe' pect the worst, but nevertheless, when it became known; chat our beloved Sovereign had passed sway, a deep' Isom was cast over the town. On all hands expressions rf heartfelt sorrow and regret were to be heard and it was evident that the melancholy news was greatly de plored by everyone. The Mayor (Alderman R.,berts immediately despatched the following telegram to Sir Francis Knollys The Mayor and citizens of Wai) ington desire to express their heartfelt grief a the death of their dearly beloved and vener- ated Sovereign." Audiences had assembled at the theatres and in the Parr Hall, but on being acquainted with the sad intelligence, they quietly disperseo. The bell at the Parish Church was tolled from nine until helf-past ten, and other church bells were tolled the following evening. Professor Stirling, of Owen's College, during his lecture in the Co-operative Hall, referred to the trews and said it was difficult to proceed with the deaolation of soul that pervaded every member of the community at that moment. The Bishop of Chester in the course of his addreve at an institution Iservice at Appleton, being unaware that the Queen had passed away, referred in feeling terms to her Majesty's 'illness, and prayed that she might be spared a little longer to her Empire, and, in a very reel sense, to all. he nations of the earth. On Wednesday morning the legs on the Town Hall, political clubs, and other public Ibuildings were hoisted at half mast, and the entrance of be Town Hall was draped in black. Before the magistrates took their seats at the Warring. fl Police Court on Wednesday morning. che Mayor, who ptesided, paid an eloquent tribeee to the memory a her late Majesty.fle slid :—"Before opening the Court this morning it is my very lamentable duty to attempt, an very fe-iele eel utterly lea velure:6 meatier to voice the feelines which every man and woman In the town and throughout the United Ringdcm is trying to give utterance to at the present moment. We have lost a ,Sovereign, under whose beneficent sway, tho freedom of ,her people has made such progress as has been abso-. lutely unprecedented. Whether we think of her as Queen, mother or wife, it is impossible to do justice to the manner in which she bee lived among US. To those of us who have known no other Sovereign, it a i-ens impossible to realize that we should know her in that capacity no more. We thank the Great "etr of the Universe for the blessings which have been aowered upon U 3 as a people during the time she hair been at our head and we prey that the spirit oi love and indly svmpethy and regard for truth and justce which, sac so nobly characterized her life may descend upon him to whom our allegiance is gladly given,not merely for his iwn sake but for the sake of her whose son be is." Sever,,l local engagements were pristponed in cones- peence ef the Queen's death. These included.—Medical dinner, 'fawn klail,(from Wednesday night) ; Emmanuel Church tea party, Wycliffe Church couversatione, and Cemetery Hotel soiree (Thursday), St Tames', Latchford, and et Paul's tea parties (28 h inst.), and Infirmary ball ;29th inst.) The Conservative Club ball announced for be 31st hats been abandoned. George Ball, 2, Prince -street, and Jr hn Samuel Camp _ell, 45, Old-read, two little boys, were charged at the Warrington P eice Court on Wednesday with stealing a Pot of shrimps, value 10d. the preperte ef M sass J Porter and Co. ,Horaemarket-strret.—The Chiet Constable' stated the facts of the case and informed the bench that the prisoners bed not been beery the court previously. He suggested that in consideration of the sad circum- staoces to welch the May or had referred the magistrates might either record a conviction or discharge the defend- ants—The Chairman, lifter cautioning the boys, dir-, them.—At tne same court a eumber of parents were summoned for neglecting to send their children to school regularly.—Mr eV Jones, chief school attendance officer, eaid he was instructed by the chairman of the School Attendance Committee to request the bench to be per mi ted to withdraw the emirs under the circumstances.— The magistrates agreed to this course. At the usual Tuesday scoring meeting in the Spititn-1 list Hall, fleweeyestreet, the President, in announcing thei death of the Qieen, geld evi.ryone, of whatever political' er religious Creed, would deplore the loss the nation had suffered ,hy the passing a-my of the lady who bad so ong and so Aber occupied the position of head of the 31ate. As Spiritualists they would doubtless look on ter decease in a rather different light to many psopie. O bet it would doubtless be no cause of regret, as, if nort were true as to her belief in spirit communion,l , would not regret the exchange of the cares and lworries of state for the recessed and fuller intercourse with the loved ones who had preceded her and especi— ally with him who had influenced and guided her not, lonly during her married life but during her long widow- -hood. Tee remarks were received with every mitzle of 'sympathy. At the monthly mseting of Emmanuel Church Vestry It twao+ resolved it That this vestry places ou record its, !sincere and ititense sorrow at the death of our Sovereign- Lady the Queen, and our appreciation of her long and itzlo.ions reign, and that in consequence our annual con-, :gregational thc,algatherieg, nod also the Sunday echoel 'ehildren'e treat intended to be held on Thursday and iFriday next, be postponed." We understand that the Mavor (Alderman H. Roberts); has promised to attend a service at the Parish ('hutch,l, lon the day on which the Queen's funeral tikes place; ,This arrangement is eubj' ct to the provincial Mayoesl not being summoned to Leyden to attend a serviCed

opecl

iggit

neer

oth,

ethe

'ffitot

.ian

gi So v erei

liFtul

'lshowerod

olhaq

499ence

,eretk'

Atbi

!ege,h

Abel

mki

werePli

48tatd

grrport

ath6

aodh

-.o3ocrd.

-'on

Th

gßef,

,fp9,

Vbee.

Kiech

sgani

of so]

411C1

===== 0002601_19010125_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING.

PROCLAMATION

EDWARD VII.

The following appears in the" Court Circular": - ST, JAMES'S PALACR, JANUARY 23. The King held his first Council to-day at S 'James's Palace). Previously thereto the Lords of tt 'Council, of whom more than one hundred wei present, the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and oth. 'officials of the City of London, who at in their robes of office, and other noblemen .gentlemen who were alio present, approved a pi clamation proclaiming Ella Majesty as King Edwai VII. The Proclamation was signed by the members the Royal family present, the Archbishops Canterbury and York, a large number of other Priv Councillors, and by the Lord Mayor and othi representatives of the City. At the Council ,Majesty made a declaration, which was ordered be published, and His Majesty subsequently and subscribed the oath for the security of Church of Scotland. The Privy Council were then re-sworn of His Majesty's Most able Privy Council, and the Lord Chancellor, Lord President, and the Lord Privy Seal took oath of their respective offices." The King had scarcely gone away from 'alace before it became kGown how much 'rivy Councillors had been impressed with iimple declarations he had made. Ho had moved with emotion, and so had they who list The important thing to know was that he chosen to be styled Edward VII., and not Al I. He had produced no surprise, as the Qt did when she refused the first name of Alexanch The title he has chosen has the authority of tonic continuity, and with that advantage it volves the negation of the highest ambitions ,King might have to create rather than to preserve. But the reason the King gave for his -eboice was, one that will bring him an instant gift of his' people's gratitude. He was guided, he said, only by the Queen's wish. Albert—Albert the Good— was to be a name connected only with the dear memory of the Queen. Great crowds assembled in London to see the ,ling as he passed on his way to and from St. !James' Palace. The King was on all hands warmly Ibut quietly greeted. A memorial service was held lat St Paul's Cathedral.

40ffiClali

tended

Vela

"Pi

preoent Honour-

ITh,

IKi

listened.

Albert

===== 0002601_19010125_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING'S SPEECH. The text of his Majesty's address was follows :

Your Royal Highnesses, My Lords and Gentlemen. This is the most painful occasion on which I shall 'ever be called upon to address you. My first and melancholy duty is to announce to you the death of my beloved mother the Queen,and I know hew deeply you, the whole nation, and I think I may say the whole world, sympathise with me in the irreparable loss we have all sustained. I need hardly say that my constant endeavour will be always to walk in her footsteps. In under- taking the heavy load which now devolves upon me, 1 am fully determined to be a constitutional -overeign in the strictest sense of the word, and as long as there is breath in my body to work for the Rood and amelioration of my people. I have resolved to be known by the name of Edward, which has been born by six of my ancestors. In doing so 1 do not under- value the name of Albert, which I inherit. from my ever-to-be-lamented, great, and wisel father, who by universal consent is, I think, de- servedly known by the name of Albert the Good, and I desire that his name should stand alone. In conclusion I trust to Parliament and the nation to support me in the arduous duties which, now devolve upon me by inheritance, and to which, [am determined to devote my whole strength dur- ing the remainder of my life.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PARLIAMENT MEETS.

and

leen

;hers-

Ilisi

took

the

the

been

had

!ueen

tdrina

his-

Llat

Lp9n6

In accordance with the constitutional require- coent that Parliament should meet immediately on,l the accebsion of a new Sovereign, both Housesl lassembled on Wednesday. In the Commons thel Speaker explained to the members that, by reasoni of the deeply lamented death of the Queqn, it had' ibecome their duty to take the oath of allegiance to her successor. Mr. Gully then took the oath "to be faithful and bear trueallegianca to His Majesty Sing Edward, his heirs and successors,according to law." The remainder of the sitting was taken up by the administration of the oath to other mem- bers, numbering 300, who were present. In the House of Lords the proceedings were of a similar 'character. The Lord Chance,lor first took the 'oath and subscribed the roll, and a number of !other peers followed him. Among them were the 'Duke of Connaught and the Duke of York. The 'House then adjourned until Thursday morning.

THE EDWARDS OF ENGLAND.

We generally count six E i wards before the present ,King, oecause in spite of Froe n ..n we keep up toe uabit ;of reckoniug our kmgs Irons do, Norman Couq I,st. But /there had been three El w anis of England before E iward 1., the greatest ot them all appeared. Eiward ithe Eider, son of Alfred, reignei from 902 to 924, and was probably the first to take the tile K•ag of the Eng. lish, and aim at rucluding me whole island under his His overlordship was, at all events, very widely -cle,ed, and was the origin or the subsequent laind over Scotlaae. The next wis Edward tyr, the by Eon of &leer, who, after ors' reign, was murdered at Cede d. Then we come to Edward the Confessor, Westminster, eon of Ethelred the Unready o daughter of Richard the Fearless, Duke of es, through whom William the Conqueror, of his claims upon the English succession id's death in 1066 rd 1., son ef tieury 111. and Eleanor of who reigned from 1272-1307, we come per. 1 greatest of all England's Kiugs. HI was or chief legislator and one of our leading ,al statesmen. His statutes include the great of " Idortinain," " Quia Emptores," and the Winchester. Be also organised the law. i assembled the first model Parliament very ,I present form. He confirmed the charters, Wales, and settled it as part of the and was probably on the road to a similar ,1 Scotland when he died. He also encouraged especially in the English possession of od concluded a ceinmercial treaty with Flan- the first of its kind. tely his son, E iward It. (1307-1327), was a different character, and frond first to last .ms one of the dark periods of our history, at Baonockburn is but the greatest of a aeries a, whilst the whole conetitution of the realm was turned upside down by the influence of and the King's indulgence in luxury and Moth. iffered from famine and civil war, and when King himself was barbarously murdered at - ,there were not many to regret his death. _ successor, Ed ward 111. (1327-1377), was King of chivalry, a good soldier and a blame- but wanting in his grandfather's great law-giver and administrator. The history 4is mainly tok2o up with useless wars, for looked to England to furnish supplies, and its , lies chiefly in th . concessions which the exacted from the Crown before supplies were lus establishing one of the first principles of :utiou that redrPes of grievances must precede Crecy, the conquest of Calais, and Poitiers Ames in the history of our wars with France, historians dwell rather on the plague of the _ and its social effects, together with the (forecast of the Reformation in the appearance of lyoliffe and the Lollards. In Edward IV. (1461-1481), son of Richard Duke of 'Yolk, who was doubly descended from Edward 111., we may perhaps trace the signs of the new kingship, which was afterwards to be developed under the Tudors. In -. Wars of the Roses the old Barons had been almost ed off, and the middle classes now began to develop der the protection of the Crown, their interests being Cher commercial than political. Taking advantage of ee economic conditions, the King developed the power f the Crown at the expense of the Parliament, and ittempted to raise supplies by voluntary contribution in 'of regular taxation, thus introducing a cause of erel which was to bring ruin ultimately on the far- .reign of Charles I. His unhappy son, Edward V. (14831, is only known, arough the tragedy of the poor boy's murder in the :OWN'.

iglill) cl Matt

year,

, saint c id Emtn

r0r111:1118,

btained fter Ed, In Ed% vence,

' ward

ILiOn;

Anly istitua tctment ltu t e o

and

I in it !Tiered

:on—quest"

tienne,

and

unatel'

very

'Worn Imam of a '- reign . defeat

forms

divisters,

.1 Court tvottrites le land at last the ,rkeley C His son

miff.

Castle.,

and

lualities hie reit lich he

reign

Iportance

imp, !Parliameni

, Conatil Fajen. great

names

modern

-11,1ack forer VV. rari War the killed under , rather r the at place quarrel off - as through Tr- Se t heir

Death

Edward VI. (1547-1553), son of [Terry VIII ard sane ,ymour, receiwid the Crown by will,from iii, father,but Atm only a boy was really un ler the entin guidance in the first piano of the Pretector Somerset, and after. wards of Dudley,Earl of Warwick and Duke of Northurn. The real intere t of his reign lies in tho violent Aomic transition through which Eng!sad was passing , the time, but the King's own name is chiefly con- tented with his two Prayer-books and the large number If grammar-schools which were founded out of part of e revenues of the monasteries dissolved by his father.

sll')orlani

.Stbe

. ackno Engi the ' three Castle the and the obta after • In • Pr A? baps certai . con ens Stati. courts, much conq kinzdom. f commerce, Guie ' dere to • his The of d and far The at r Be, E ' the less qu/ of i , granted. , our taxa are bu'

===== 0002601_19010125_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
"LONG LIVE THE KING!" --- !The Official Proclamation.

feedh

The official proclamation was read in London on Thus rday. As the time approached for the great ceremonial ithe crowd increased vastly in sia.,and the force of . _

under Major Gilbert and Superintendent Beard were kept fully at work in preventing the people encroach- ing upon the received space in the enclosure outside S. Jamec's Palace. In St. James's-road, oppo,ite the Priory ientrance, where the Proclamation was ta bit read the ;crowd was allowed to ccllect, and hero they waited 'patiently until the time fixed for the ceremonial. iWithin the Courtyard itself a large body of Grenadiers was ,rawn up, while en the Mall side were the Ist. Life -Guards and the 1011 Hussarsovho hal been in position 'since soon after eight o'clock. Tho officers commanding the detachment of Grenadier Guards were Col. limloch,l Copt. Coventry, Lieut. Denniston, and Lieutenant' Tighe. Standing ini the centre of the square formed by, the detachment was Lieutenant Sartoriva, holding th King's' colour. At five minutes to nine the four Roy ; truro i two

4Tighe.

dtrul

imp tars appeared on the balcony, while a minute ero afterwards Earl Roberts, :the Commander-in-Chicf,, accompanied by the headquarters staff, rode into the! yard, and to"k up his position immeoiately facing the balcony. Al the stroke of nine rang-out the Earl•Mirsha: the Dello of Norfolk in his brilliant costume of red and gi:l(l,caml, out on the balcony,accompanied by the heralds' A fanfare was played by the trumpeters, and immedi- ately after warns the Proclamation was read out by the; Assistant to the King-at• Arms.

At the end he cried in stentorian tones, " God savel be King." Hugo cheers at once burst from the crowd. The! Grenadiers made the Royal salute, and the band of the, reginvmt struck up the National Anthem, "God save thei imring." Aoorher thurish by tbe trumpeters brought the poting cerimmy to a class, and the crowd cheered 'again, shouted

'hareg

"LONG LIVE TIIE KING." ,nd shor:k hands indiscriminately in their enthusiasm,l roe brilliutuniorms of the cflhials then vanished into ;the Palace, and in a few minutes afterwards the prices- ' sion left by the Mall entrance to proclaim the King he historic spots in the city,

daion

The Terms of the Proclamation. The following are the terms of the Royal Proclamation; read at St James's Palace and in the city :—" Whereas it has pleased Almighty God t call to His mercy our late Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria, of blessed and glorious memory, by whose decease the Imperial Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ir( land is solely and rightfully come to the high and might Prince, Albert Edward, we therefore, the Lords spiritual and temporal of this realm, being here assisted with those of Her late Majesty's Privy Council, with numbers of other principal gentlemen of quality, with ithe Lord Mayor, al leraisn, and citizens of ,L ;ndoc, do now, hereby, with one voice and consent or ltougue and heart, publish and proclaim that the high id mighty Priuce Albert Edward is now by the death of our late Sever, ign of happy memory become our only (lawful ant rightful liege, Lord Eda ard VII., by the grace of God King of the United Kingdom of Great luritain and Ireland. defender of the faith, Emperor of "India, to whom we do acknowledge all faith and con- istant obedience with all hearty and humble affection,' 'beseeching God, by whom Kings arid Queens do reign. ) bless the Royal Prince Edward VII. with long and Ippy years to reign over us. Given at the Court of St James this 23rd day of January in the year of our Lord, '1901."

,Klal

goi

Qloui

(4,lani

Not

grtiCe

ifistainl

rhBl

_ The Proclamation's signed by the Royal dukes, andi over a hundred members of the Privy Council.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. [By • CORIIESPONDRNT.]

The Free Churches of the district are putting for- ard their best efforts to meet with success in the Jming Simultaneous Mission, which is being held throughout the land. A special appeal has been is- sued bythe Rev A Wells(superintendent of the Wes- leyan Circuit),urging upon his flock the desirability )f them arising to their responsibilities. " Don't let ts forget," he says, " that we are the largest Non- nformist boiy, and have the greatest responsibil- ." The exhortation is one that the general body Wesleyans is not likely to forget, and with such .a energetic and enthusiastic pastor, as the Rev A Wells, at their head, they should have a marked influence for good throughout the district.

1111 ward

leoi

qcon)

'of 1

dan

A general visitation from house te house will be art of the programme, and will result, without Aoubt, in some spiritull good being accomplished. What would be of practical utility, also, I venture to suggest would be a general report compiled by the "district " or "house to house " visitors,whilst on their rounds, of the condition of the housing of Runcorn's poorer classes. It would be something concrete to work upon and might result in a special mission to house property owners of the district,or what would be better still peremptory notice from the District Council to the owners to put their houses in order. The poor w iuld then see that their spiritual advisers were to a great extent their temporal benefactors; the elevators of their minds and bodies. Thus even the most selfish would be nroachable, and a greater good might be delved.

rar t

atei

IaPPI

The Balance Sheet of the Runcorn Liberal Club lon not present anything very rosy to the eyes of its members, but for all that it is highly satisfactory ,in many respects. During the past year it must nit lbe forgotten that the club has had to pav the rent of the temporary buildings whilst their Regent- street premises were undergoing the extensive aerations which have resulted in the club being imade 80 comfortable. On the whole, however, the kCltib has paid on the year's working and the adverse ,alance at the bank is, if not materially decreased, . slightly diminished amount. The Committee of iManagement may congratulate themselves upon the manner in which they have tried to meet the wants of all members, and for the splendid line they have ltaken in the literary and debating department. FOOTBiLL.

ilmi

gbal

poiicer

_ Whilst I write, rumours fill the air that the foot- ball fixture for Satutlay will be postponed on account of the natio ial calamity.

It becomes, therefore, not very interesting to set bout inuicating the liklihood of a win or a loss,and )ne does not know whether they will meet, but if they do, and Runcorn feel like they feel at present, :..alford will be beaten unless they play an extraor- '-qri!y improved game.

Konei

itenanta,

tile

idinari

or,

theai

Child Bu:nt to Death. Mr S Brighouse, County Coroner, conducted an inquiry at the Police Station on Thursday, into the circumstances attending the death of James iEdward Berry, two years of age, who resided with his parents at 45, CartwrighL-street, and who died at the Infirmary on Tuesday afternoon from the effect of burns,—Alice Berry, mother of the /deceased stated that at 330 on Toemlay afternoon she left the house for the purpo4e of making a pur- lchase at a shop close by, leaving the child on the doorstep. On her return a few minutes after- wards she was informed that her son had been burnt. Ile was taken to tle Infirmary, where she ,saw him dead that morning.—A neighbour named lElizabeth Rustage said she was standing at the idoor of her house, which was oppo,ite Berry's, when she saw the deceased on fire. f.4!)e ran across and took bold of the obild All wri •I. - • sof

aodci

issa

on,

OurNo',

ityP

L;rtis tt

k_,RAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS,

theln

id took hold at the child, and with the assistance . a man who was passing put out the flames. The 1 'boy had in his hand a piece of burning wood. Nurse DobPon said the deceased was admitted to the Infirmary at 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, suffering from burns abut the bodv. and died at 2 'clock on Wednesday afternom—The jury returned verdict of *1 Accidental death."

'llit‘ Y.

5

===== 0002601_19010125_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10i • 01h' •

===== 0002601_19010125_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
" HOME" AGP.IN.

The charms of " Home " go with us, wherever duty or pleasure ca'ls, whether in peaceful occupations, or in the strrn necessities of war. How intensely precious must " Home" be to those who are returning from the struggles and hardships endured in South Africa. Think of the sick and wounded invalided " Home," to the care of mother, wife, or friends, who are only too anxious to have their dear ones with them again, to nurse them back into a new life of perfect h.alth and strength. At Fuclh a time, the great recuperative Tonic is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It gives power to the weak limbs, it steadies the nerves, brightens the eye, infuses new hope and builds up the system anew. Many patients that have been suff 'ring from Enteric and other wasting diseases, simply r, Taira to be systematically treated with a tonic restorative. A complete rest and a reviving tonic, is all they require. In Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, this will be found in its highest perfec-

tion. The Bs Remy for Liss of Aphitite, Indigestion. Impure Blood, Chest Diseasoq, and Infiuenzs. DON'T LOSE TIME.

People are continually wondering where to go for some new remedy, when they feel " Out of sorts," " Notup to the mark," or "only Middling." We say "Don't go," come and get the well-tried and proved Remedy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do you suffer from Indigestion? Do you tee' " Tired "at your work ? If so, take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters and you will soon bo right again. Chronic siffners are sometimes averse to be always changing their medicine, and rightly so, but it does happen at times that a change would lead to a better state of thine. For instance, if you are suffering from extreme weakness, and are gradually making up your mind to a prlonied illness, you are making a gnat mistake if you have cot tried Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Will you try it ? Don't lose time. It is the hest remedy fr GenPral DPloility, Low Spirits, and Nervousness. I's tonic qualities infuse new life, and you soon see the sunny side of nature again, and cheerful cantent comes with a gradual gain of strength. For Chest Affoctions, and to guard off Influenza, try this excellent vegetable tonic restorative. Be sure that you get it, when you ask for it. Don't buy worthless imitations. Say you want Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and see that the name" Gwilym Evans' "is on the laoel, on the stamp, and on the bottle, without which none are genuine. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles. 24 91 and 4.a 81 each, by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be sent, carriage free, direct from The Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, lanelly. South Wales:

===== 0002601_19010125_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

WARRINGTON HONORS ATTACK A CONSTABLE—SMART SENTENCE At the Warrington Police Court on Saturday, Peter Scully and John Whittaker, who were described as station loafers, were charged, the former with being drunk and disorderly in Horsemarket-street and assault- ing P.C., Clough the previous night, and the latter with obstructing the constable whilst acting in the execution of his duty—P C , Clough stated that he was on duty in Horsemarket-street when Scully came up to him and said he would do eighteen montba for him. He then struck witness in the face and kicked him on the leg, causing him to bleed profusely. He took the men into custody and Whittaker came upon the scene. Sculls' called to him for assistance,and in consequence of what Whittaker did Scully got sway. A young man named Harry Dagnall pursued Sculley to Town Hill where he was arrested —P.S., Evans said t4at at 10 15 P.C. Clough brought the first prisoner to the Police Station. The constable was bleeding profusely from the mouth - and nose and was in a very distressed state. Hs &p- -i:viand to have been violently assaulted. Prisoner was very violerit in the Police Stating and made an attempt to strike the officer. Wituems went in search of Whittaker id ultimately apprehended him in a Bank-street lodg- ing hone, —The Chief Constable stated that Whittaker made his 33ed appearance and Scully his 25h.—Scully was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. and Whittaker was fined £5 and costs with the option of two months. The B nth expressed their thanks to Mr Dg- nail for the very manly and creditable way in which he bad acted and ord :red the sum of 53 to be paid to him out of the peoe bex. The Clairman expressed the hop 3 that other inhabitants would support the police in the same way.

A CHANCE OF REDEMPTION. Messrs A R Norman and E Itnisen, had a distressing

rAge of cruelty and neglect brought before them at the Runeorn Sessions, on Minday last, when the police pre- . f,rrcd a charge of cruelty and unlawful neglect 'of their two chi'dren, against Michael and Ann Corcoran, man and wife, of Runcorn.--At the outset prisoners elec-e I to tie summarily dealt with.—Tho male prisoner asked for an adjmrnment,for since he last came out of prison be had not had a chance of doing aorthin>. He stated, 1.4 a fact, that he had only w-rked 19 dava in he last 34 mond:ie.—The Magiatratefe Clerk : If the adjourn- ment is granted what is to be done with the children. It appears that the children will be neglected still ? With regard to the female, Corcoran (the husband) said she could do nothing, when he could not get money to give her.--Soperin'endent Pearson intimated he wou,d have no nitction to an adjiurnment. Bethought, if the men would live a soberllife, therelwere some hopes of hi; I )oking aft er the children.—Sergeant Brewster,gave evi- dence.—The case was adj-airned for a fortnight.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

SaTURDLY,—Before Mr. Birchen in the (chair), Alderman fleaton, Councillor J. Roberts, Messrs. Hayward and R. T. Faireleugh. SUSPECTICD BURGLAR.—Hugh Fisher was charged, that he. being a convicted thief, woe found frequenting Sankey- street f,r an unlawful purpose between 10 o'clock and 12.15 .on [lardy stated that he was on duty near the Conservative Club when he met the prisoner who remarked •. It's very cold." Witness aeked him where he had come from and prisoner repded I'm on ticket." (Meaning that 11, was a convict on ticket of leave) Witness then told him that he had bett.or come to the Police Station. When they I reached Eustance's shoo tuisoner said •' I have been on the roof of that shop half an hour, but I heard someone knocking and I came away. I had no; got any tools or I should have been inside." Prisoner was taken to the lock-up, and it was ascertained that he had sem d several trnas of imprisonment Including twelve months for burglary and three years for w ,unding Suhsequently the premises referred to by the prisoner were examined. It was found that the adjoin- ing vard gate was unfastmed. and there were two empty b ,xes which the m m had mentioned. The watchman stated that he did not hear anyone on the roof but he said he

bad been breaking some coals. Prisoner said he had "spotted" the shop in the afternoon.—The Beach sente.nced the prisoner to two months imprisonment. NIONDLY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst, Messrs. fireball. Hayward, Wright and Thornton. 17,10 LENT PRISONER—WiIIiam Quinn 49, Foundry-street was charged with making use of dittoes towards his wife Ann Quinn, at 11.35 on Saturday night and with assaulting P.C. Dyson.—The Constable stated that he was on duty in Horsemarket-street and in consecrience of an urgent mes- sage, he proc ailed to the prisoners house. He found the prisoner, who was 'mad" drunk, brandishing a razor, and threatening "to do for his wife" and cut his own head off. His wife was screaming with fright and she told witness that she could not stay in the house P her husband was not taken away. He took the man into custody and brought him to the Police Station. He was abont to search him when pris- oner struck him a violent blow in the chest. knocking him against the wall. P.S. Williamson and P.C. Rigby seized the prisoner, who kiced him several tirues.--Prison,r's wie was called but it was evident that she was extremely reluc- • ant to give evidence against him. She said he did not ti-reaten to kill her and she was not afraid of him. In con, secuence Of this statement the first charge fell to the ground , and for the si-cond offence prisoner was committed to goal tor a month. Boys irrairn.—Austin Dagnall, 253, W'inwiok-rorti. and John Dagnall. 18, Warburton-street, were fined ss. each for playing pitch and to s in a paillo place off Winwloa-road on the 13'h inst.—Thomas Coleman, 24. Erwood-street ; Ilrnest Ryder, 25, Portlan,i-street ; William Warren, 7. Port- land-street, and George Williams. 18, Bowes-stre.t, were Sled Sc and c i each for plating football In Buckley- street on the 13th Inst.—P Cl. Clough proved both cases.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

streets,

Mo`fnaT.—Defore Messrs. Henry Reynolds, and A. R. Norman. Sefton'. CASES.—The following persons were dealt with f offincws against the Educational Requirements :—John Fos- ter, Joseph Santley, Edward Williamson, Bernard Planni- Thooles Inglesflold. Petrr LOW(i. Willinrn William Keene, Will!arn Twig. cleorge Oolelough °qv r Roughton. John Baziev, David Walker, Mary J. Pereday Thomas Woolen'. and Joseph Wilde. —Fines of 6,1 and 4s 6,1 costs, were Inflicted, in thome cases proved by Messrs Bowyer and Howard, school attendance officers to the Runcorn Ochool Board, Baore Messrs A. R Noonan and R Imison. DRUNK oN LlcKftlEn PRFM:SES.—SameeI Hough, Byron- street, Runcorn, pleaded guilty to being drunk on licensed

premises (The New Inn) on Saturday last. Mr. Preston. splicitor, Runcorn, defended,—P.O. Edwards and Acting Sergeant Gregory proved seeing the defendant drunk in the streets, and also to his going into the public-house and being served.—Mr Preston, solicitor. Runcorn, appeared and pleaded extenuation..—Superintendent Pearson intimated be had no desire to press the case, and the Bench took a lenient view of it.—Fined 4s 63 costs. A FOOTPATH DANGER.—lames Keenan (15) and Mark Ellwood (15). of Runcorn, pleaded guilty to obstructing the footpath on the 12th January last.—P.O. Edwards deposed to the boys occupying the path for about 20 minutes, knocking a piece of tin about with sticks. Several people were obliged to get 3ff the path.—Fined the costs 4a 6d. A MANCHESTER Max IN TROVELE.—Peter Carter pleaded guilty to unlawfully wandering abroad on the 2,st January. —The case was proved by P.C. Stephen Rowlands.—Superin- t-ndent Pearson stated the same man had been discharged by the Runcorn Bench the previous Thursday on a similar charge.—Prisoner said he was obliged to sleep out, because the lodging-houses would not accommodate him. Runcorn was a poverty-stricken place. If discharged he would leave the town and go home ta his mother in Manctiester.—The Chairman: You will have to be committed for seven days first.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIERS.

Warrington v. Crewe. Despite the unfavourable weather on Saturday, these teams met in their inter-club run at Warrington, and he locals had the satisfaction of confirming the result of he first meeting. The Warringtonians did not expect he visitors; and as a result several of the most prominent unners were absentees. Crewe, however, were very nthusiastic, and having made the journey they were de- er:mined that the return engagement should take place. Crewe mustered twelve runners, but Warrington's com- plement was only seven, so that it was decided to only count the first four in each team. Track was laid over heavy country through Arplev, and by way of Walton, and al difficult was the trail to fellow that a mile from home the leader, F Townley (Crewe) missed his way and lost what possible chance he had of gaining honour. The Warringtonians, however, allowed the visitor to take first position, but even this advantage did not assist his aide to avenge the first defeat. for Townley was followed in quick euccesaion by four Warringtonians, and the final result was victory for the home club by eight points. The Warringtonians finished as follows : —Macdonald 2, Parsonat7e 3, Price 4, and Mather 5. Sankey. The Sankey Harriers j )urneyed to Manchester on Saturday to fulfil their return engagement with the Man- chester Harriers. Trail was laid by way of Heaton Park ever a distance of about six miles. The trail-layers were frllowed after an interval of about twenty minutes, but after about half the distance had ben traversed, the trail was loot, the race therefore being declared off. The Sankey men were afterwards entertained to tea, and spent a very enjoyable evening.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
; YOUR LIFE VALUABLE?

Then when you have caught a chill don't say—" It is nothing," for health, and life are in danger. Dread cases of pneumonia and horrifying consumption have ben traced to one common little cold. Send for some Lavaca Lung Linctus at once. A dose in time will pre- vent a cold, and a few doses we guarantee will cure a bad cough, a sore or relaxed throat, aid will restore to strength and vigour again those bronchial tubes on the health of which depends so much. Lava Lung Linctus will prevent complications suc'a as bronchitis and asthma. Be sire you get it. May be had from all chemiste,eo-,nerative stores, and medicine vendors.— Post free is lid ,2a 91., and 4i 61 , from the proprie- tors, Green and Company, Chemists, Bolton." Mrs Clegg, Seckburn, Darlington. bas pleasure in stating that Lavana Lung Linctus, which she got from Messrs Green and Co., for her daughter, has been most beneficial having cured a bronchial cough which at times has been most painful to witaess. Mr J Unge,, of 25, Upper Kent-street. Preston says : I was induc.d by a friend to try your LRVATIS Lung Linctus, when I wag stlff..riu from a bad inflaeuz t cold which caused me to lose my rest. I, with some doubt bought a small bottle, and I am thankful to say one dose gave me relief, and in a few days I was perfectly free from any symptoms of cold.

THE LATE VICAR OF DARESBURY. -- Impressive Funeral. Amid many manifestations of deep regret, the remains of the Rev H T Clarke, late Vicar of Daresbury, were laid to rest in the church-yard oat Saturday morning. There Was evidence on every hand of the esteem in which the deceased clereyman had bees held, the last rites being witnes;ed by a large number of relatives and narishion, re. The funeral cortege left the vicarage at 10.30 in the f.ollewiee order:—Surolioecl choir and clergy churchwardens, coffin ,mourners. Sunday school teachers, and membiers of the School Beard. and parishioners. Immediately upon entering the church, the coffin con- taining the body was place .1 in the °hence' aisle between the choir stalls, and a choral cenernunion service was proceeded with, Merbecke's music being used. The Rev Canon Upperton (virar of Tarvin), the Rev Canon Wood (Rural Dean). Rev S W Dunn, Rev H V Pigot and Rev F Wales officiated. The burial service was after- wards rendered in a very impressive manner, the deceased's favourite hymns, " Brief life i 7 here our por- tion." and "Now the !abeurer's task as o'er,"bei ng sung. The Rev LIT Harwell read the lesson and Canon Upperten the remainder of the service. The procession was re-formed, headed bY the choir, and as the body was being conveyed to the grave, the Delvt March in "Sent" was bleyed by the organist. The tnenrnere included Mrs H Clark and Mr Bengough Clark, Mrs Thomas and Mr I I Whitley. Mr and Mrs / W Glead. Mrs Whitlee and 5.1 r F Clark, Miss A. Whitley and Mr Elward Clark,Mr and Mrs R M Hugh Jones and Mr W and Miss Whitino. Ansonest those in the pro- resssion were nritioed Messrs J L Jones, John White (c-urchwerclen). E Ds PrZ. P Tickle. T J Weir, C W J Ceener. T Billineton. Joseph :Billineton, R W srburton, T Warburton. II W siods,'Dr B ewer, Ste , the cuizreation in rho church included Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr Jamee Tinsley. Me G Davies, Miss Milner iMr R I Wyrirv-iln•s.RAv C F Cross,Rev W Long,Rev W Gilberto°, R-v H Senith,Dr Carruthers and others. Beautiful floral tributes were forwarded by the follow- ina : —Mns Tapeell Clarke, Ms Thomas Whitley, Canon Unperton end family, Mr and Mrs Sloane, Rey L J r and Mrs Harwell, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Nurses Townsend and Steward, Mrs Wleitley (Clevelley). Mr and Mrs John White Mr and Mrs D 3 Peer, Mr and the Mis•P'S Serum", Me and Mrs E Huehton, Mr and Mrs J L. Jones, Mr feed Mrs H Janes, Miss Whitley, Mr and Mrs H Wools, Members of Moore Cricket Club. the Rey and Mrs Dunn. Mr and Mrs V Davies, Mr E Clark. Mr and Mrs El Greenall, Hatton Church Stendey School, Mr and Mrs Gleed, Mr N Vale, Mr and Mrs B Clark's, Mr and Mrs Recede, Mrs Wreford Therm Me and Mrs T Mien, RV S 1145r1d. Mr and Mrs E W Griffith, Mr and Mrs Cyril 13r4eTIR11. Miss Littirriand and Amy Endershy, Miss Andrew. Mrs Litton. Rsv and Mrs A Fl Cameron Mr and Mrs J Wriet, Mr and Mrs W C J Cameron, School Board Scholars, Sunday School S .h liars, Mrs W C Jo VIA. (Elms), Me and Mrs G Davies,Mr and Mrs Logan Wright Mr James Tinaley, Misses Naylor, Preston Brook Mission Sunday School, Mrs Less, Mrs D Milner, and Mims Milner. At the conclusion of the ceremony, muffled Deals were runz on the c'aurch belts. Moffied 'peals were also rune for the seevices'on Sunday, that in the eveninrr beinrr a pea! of Cslleee single. con- sisting of 720 charnes in 25 minhtps, the riegers stand- ing in the following order :—P Johnson, F Jone. P Hamblett, J Priestley, E do P-ez. and T Houghton, (con- ductor ) Tie deceased vicar was an honor Ary member of the Chester Diocesan Guild of Church Bill Ringers.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

Warrin -ton League. First Division. LATCIIFIRTI v. Sr Bpalvs.B3 —At Gat clatori. So-oe very ite,estmg games were wttness,l In the ahoyo mafoh, hot the final Issue la not yet decid3d, as one more game has to be played. Score : LATCHFORD. ST. BARNABIES, Wins. Draws. Wins. 0 VrrHargTeaves 0 J ".40•4 ...... ...... 0 S Altanson . 1 W Cummins 1 1 A Albinson * T Albingon 1 J. F4lrhurs 4. .... 1 8 Rowhottom ...... ... G J Iroden 1 1 J Albinson _

" Only one game playel.

GoLDIRNE-STREST IST V. LATCH7oRD IST.—Pla7ed at GOlborne-street on le iday evening last week. SCOre : GOLBORNE-STRRET. LATCHFORD. Wins Draws Wins 2 a B Rowe 1 T P Forbes 0 B Atbinson O A Rutter 1 A alblnson 1 O 3 flamblet 1 S Alb!nsln 1 8 Hamer 0 A F.airbur3t 1 1 S Bickers 1 T Spencer 1 1 W Bell 0 3 Smith I— ..... n 3 5

+nNE-STftenv 1.4 r v. n C't c:F;lr. —TM s mat oh was played at the rooms e the former on Tuesrlay evening. She games were very evenly eontest.d throughout, but the 123mesters manage I to win by 8 games to 6. Score : GOLBIIINE.-STREET. CAIIII•STRILET.

Wins Draws Wins 2 G B Rowe 0 S Tavlin 0 0 T P Forbes 0 D Piinston 2 2 N Balmford 0 F I*: Whitehead .. 0 0 S Hamer 1 A Butter ...............0 3 Green 1 4 INV V 4 bittaker 2 W Bell

8 0 6 To ISOTHER9.—Mrs. Win,low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2hiliren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediatPly It is pleasant 1.1 taste ; and produces natural (Inlet bleep, oy rellevin2 the child from pain rnd tbe ittle cherub awakes .• as b”ight as A button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle. •Advt.

mE

RUGBY t-OOTBALL.

"V Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Haturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday mornings or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Miltom Beat Warrington by a Point.

Warrington's visit to MI Ilona was an occasion of rain and mud. Warrington went without Harris andlsherwood their places being filled by Beckerman and Hatcliff, and Milton:l bad to rely on A. Duffy as centre, vice G Moore, injured in the Runcorn game. Duffy was making his debut in Senior Comn-tirion football, and. therefore, toe home partisans looked on him with critical eyes. j When the visitors won what advantala the wind and

raia gave them there were ;efimctionaas o what would happen to the natives, for Warrington's scoring power was well known flat to be on the weak side. It was not long ere Ratcliffe got nff with a dashing run, but he was finely tackled by Lathorn. Buckett (who had been delegated to full-back to let Lathorn in on the left wing) was caught napping, and from the succeeding scrummage Millom were penalised, with the result that Fish landed a goal from a rather difficult place. N nthmore tried long p ,esing,which availed his side hut little, though the" blues" did get down to the War- rington end and pressi,d. Northmore gave Young a pass here which went to touch,and it was left for Lathoin to recover practically half of the field by an effort in which he received no support. The teams ilex': settled down to a bit of hit or miss kicking, alter which Milloin tried a succession of passing bouts, in which they did not gain ten yards in as many minutes. After long pressure the " blues " relieved, but Bully was smartly grassed in the visitors' "25." Warrington easily removed and Millorn made a desperate effort. Led by Northmore and Young,a dribble from half-way ended in Scott gain- ing a try under the posts, but Northmore did not negotiate the kick, and half-den arrived with Millona leading by three points to two. Lathom shone from the re-start, and collared Hallam in the visitors' grouad. Bate came away well from the scrummage, and a judicious cross-kick gave Fish an opening, but he was too well watched. Millom tried a lot of passing next. and Latham and Young t Wi'M took play into dangerous ground. Lathons. White- head, and Duffy ought to have snored next, but they only got to this vicinity of the line in touch, and from the kick Buckett had to settle R atcliff 3's career at half- way. Fish was prominent, and Young had to pall him up twice,the Millomits being hurt at the second attempt. Warring-on settled down to a period of attack, and Beckett was next damaged. Give-and-take play followed to the end, and Miliom ran out winners for the sixth time this season by 1 try to 1 goal. COMMENTS.

On th, whole the Mi-11-o-m---i;a-M"-were lucky to gain the two points, for hal Warrington kept cooler in the last twenty minute] they must have scored. It was neces- sarily a game in which the regulated ways of play were knocked on the head,for the ground was in such a state that science was generally at a discount. The Miltom team generally MAIIE.r3 to upset the calculations of the Irst regulated judges, and so on Sacur- day they began and maintsined a passing game which they have not shown anything like this Reason before. Of courses it didn't pay them very of.een, for the hall was very bad to take with its coating of mud. If the home men will only attempt something of the same nature when the elements are favourable more success will assuredly attend it. In . .

speed from the pack the visitors wzqe much better, and in aricPtian they ilalele I the ball wlth more certainty all through the amm. There was a great difference in the way in which the visitors utilis,d their kicks in am-ape:i- sm with the home men, who had a warm fifteen minute once, when they rep ,atedly sent to touch for Warrinton to bob the ball into the goal mouth. It ü questionable whether the long passing tactics of the borne team, on ane.h a ground, were justified, for the day did not lend itself to any but the etrietly wheeling; and drihbling gams. Neither tumhled to tois, however, and the game resolved itself into one of attempted science which failed. Toe Fish of the Warrington team was out of place even on such a watery ground, being too well watched to do anything out of the ordinary. Daffy of the Milioro team, was a PLICC'99. and it is quite on the catch toot he will again find his way into the senior fifteen. • Runcorn Defeat Leigh.

The fall of S eintan at St. Helens has added a biz spice of interest to the doings of the Runcorn team, and the news of the capture of " two points " at Leigh, has quite filled oar f,31.1)til cirls with the enthusiastic hope that the Linnets will still have something to 8.:.y about the championship. Another feature, that makes Runcorn look up, is the fact that Jolley has his old com- rade, Faulkner, on duty with him again, sand when those two halves are on the 51b it is admitted Runcorn wants a power of hoeing. The work in hand, however, is to describe the Leigi victory, and the conditions the con- test was fought nadir. Mud and rain, and rain and mud, naturally, are not elements that go with good football hence, when we say that the Leigh ground was a veritable quagmire, one will not be surprised to learn that the game opened rather more in the nature of art association game rather than as exposition of the ' vigoreus Rugby of the N)rthern Union. Roberts, of Leigh, was first troubled, and had to defend his lino once or twice. Then Houghton was c tllO-1 up en, and subsequently both sides warmed to their work. Time and again Runcnrn proved dangerous but it was not until Jolley punted te- wards the Leigh line that the first score came. It toe proved the usefulnese of following up, for, although Towers and another ceuld have saved by touching dead. the former hez ardel a k.e.4,miesed,and Light( out, with a smartness that qualified his name tripped in and scored a try. J,;llev made a gold &hot for goal, but nothing was added. Up to the interval Runcorn bad all the best of the argument. but owing to the slipperiness of the oval scoring was beyond them. At half time the Cheshire lads led by three points. It was now Leigh's torn to feel the assistance of the wind, and for a time Runcorn were hardly pressed. Donbavin struggled hard, and his men ably supported him, but there was a Weber stamp of finish about Runcorn that blifisd all atfempte to pierce their defence. In fact it appeared more like the defence of last year, than anything dis- played so far this year. The pace began to tell on Leigh, and towards the end Runcorn forwards got away with Sam Walker in his usual place 88 leader. S-euring he gave Riehardson a beautiful chance, but jest at the crucial point he was baulked by sliuning, Jolley and Faulkner repeatedly upset the culc.ulations of the Leigh men, and though they on el or twice passed those re- doubtable halves, Houghton proved well-worthy of his reputation and far ten smart for Gulley or any of his consorts. When the final " toot " sounded Runcorn were victors, by a try, ef a hard fought game. • Salford v. Broughton Rangers.

After an interesting sP.ruggle a Slfrd, the Rangers were declared the winners by a goal and two tries tn a goal. The ginae, however, was less one-sided than the soars indicates. Stockport v. Oldham.

Etrlv in this game at Stockport, the visitors assettei their superiority, an I, having much the better of the play, they ultimately won by three god g and for tries to two goals.

YOU OUGHT TO KNOW. That lioldroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for bravel, Lumbago, Pains in the By*. Droosy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Mulder, Urinary Organs, stone, Gout. Sciatica, and Rheuma- tiara. Try one box ; If not satisfied, money returned, is. 10. all Chemists. Post free, 12 starnos.—HOLD- ROYD'S AIDDICAL HLt, OLDCKHEA.TO TOMO-

FRP)A It, JANUARY 26. 1901.

St Helens v. Swinton.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINE

Contrary to expectations, the " Sainte" proved stronger than the " Lions." a S. Helens, the home selection winning after a close game by two tries to oils try. This is Swinton's first defeat this season. Wigan v. Rochdale Hornets.

This return inatch was clown for decision at Wigan, but after an inspection of the groond by the referee, he declared it unfit for play. an I th,Nfixcure was postponed. Barrow v. Widnes.

Playing at home, the Barrow caen won this match by two goals and a try t 3

===== 0002601_19010125_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Leeds v. Bradford.

13v winning this contest at Leeds, by two goals and three tries to two goals and a try, Bradford materially strengthened their position at the head of the competi- tion, more especially as their nearest rivals suffered de- feat on Saturday. Cooper, Varley. Wood, Pollard, and Coleman were the scorers. Manningham v. Hunslet.

At Mancingham, the borne fifteen led by a goal (Wilson) at the change of ends, but in the second period Albert Goldthorpe kicked two goals and Smith scored a try for Hui:islet, whilst Greenwood got behind for the local cub. Runslet thus won by seven points to five.

- Halifax v. Brighouse Rangers. In this match at Halifax, the home side had the better of the opening half, and led at the change over by two penalty goals—kicked by Wood—to a try (Hartley). Denham afterwards added to the Rangers' score, sad they won by six plies to but. Huddersfield v. Liversedge.

-•- At the close of the initial half, at Haddonfield, the hornesters led by a goal and two tries. Meeting with a similar degree of success in the second period, Midden- field won by 1$ points to nil.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Castleford v, Batley.

------- - - In miseraVe surroundings these teams met at Castle- ford. Batley early showed to advantage, and Oaklands scored a try for them, which was gaickly supplemented by Goodall dropping a goal. Batley thus won by five points to rat. -

Hull v. Leeds Parish Church. A good game between thee team% came off at Hull. The home side obtained a try, wh,c,l they improved upon in the opening half, and chi r ultim,tely gave them the victory by five points to all. Wakefield V. Hull Kingston Rovers.

Rain fell heavily during the progress of this game at Wakefield, still the play wa,i fairly inteTesting. Bennett scored a try in each half of the game for Wakefield, who won by six points to nil. Holbeck v. Bramley.

At 1301bqck the el- interval by a glal and won in t'oe end by a g 'al ant a try to a goal.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

Warrington "A "—v. Latchford Rangers.

Warrington " A." entertained Latchford Rangers on the Wilderspo d enclosure on Saturday, the match being played amid a continuous downpour of rain. The number of spectators present at the leck-aff would not exceed five hundrei. The opening phases of the match were ia favour of Warrington, but Brainhall piloted back, and sucePssive kicks landed toe oval at the pavidon end. Warrington were aggressivs but good passing WAS Out of the question owing to the slippery naturlof the ball. B ate constaarly kept his backs going, but the ::,ackling W 4.5 safe and a stubborn defence was witnessed near the Latchford quarter. Faulkner tried hard to get through, but Brarnnall tickled well. The Rangers reached tne home goal. and Langley was held near his 1i113.4. From a cross kick the Rangers scored Brarnhall failing, at toe plan Warrington attacked without resu:t. H df-tinse : Latchford Rangers one try, Warrington " " id Early in the second half, the Warringtonians were aggressive, and the outcome of a capital for ward movement, headed by Jolley, saw that player equativ. Near the close the home team asserted themselves in a RIALICIti manner, end Allen scored in the last minute, the Rangers this house defeated by two tries (six points) to orae try (three points). Fletcher Russell's v. Widnes.

The former club made the journey to Widnra on Satur- day to play their return engagement. Widnes corn- manned on n soidened turf, and rain descended in tor- rents. Fletcher's failed to return, and Widnes presaed in tam fir,t few minutes, From a scrimmage Foden obtained a-at c ansferrind play with a long puat, which. Talley failed to tw.ld. The next scrimini.e saw thi; visitors B trratt having hard lines. The drop-out did oot assist the home taloa, who were called upon t defend against a strong nttaedr. A free kick sent play to centre, where a series of scrimmages took pl.ce. Fletcher's again got tawny. and Barnes was given an opening which he failed to take. Taylor and Riley started a movement for the home tam, and quick pass- ing was the means of Widnes flaying a brief visit to Fletcher's territory Brown raids a daring s aye when VIA Widnes wing lo( /red like giving his side the lead. Aishurst and Foden were the means of play being taken back to Widnes liars, and Fidel and Antrobus had unsuccessful at%mnpts to land goals. A hoc pressure was k?pt up Ls, the visitors, and Widnes were hard caressed when half-time was halted. with the sheet blank. Filen rr-started, and Widnes at once got going, Riley and Tilley putting in some good work. From a rais- fisld, whieh almost ended in Fletcher's sco.ing, play was again transferred, hut their stay was very brief, and the visitors' lines were hotly assailed after this. The stack was kept au, and attar ten .minutes' play Gri ..es scored a try for widnes, the goal-kick failing. At this stage thy rain inereas e, amil the game was abandoned. Some :—Widnes, one try ; Fletcher Russell's, nil.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION 1-00 T BALL.

Earlestown Rovers v. Ogden's

At Stanley. Ozden'a had only nim. man. The Rovers started and attacked for some time. Lawrence at length aearinq. 04clen'5 got dawn, but were easily repulsed. and at the other end Bell saved brilliantly on several occasims. 'Tarlor added a second goal for the visitors Ozdeo's work ,d dnvn, and Smith shot unsuccessfully. Harrison scored A third gotl far Eillast)wn, who led at the interval hp three to ail. Ogden's refused to play after half-time, and allowed Eadestown the two points.

THE' COMBINATION. Warrington V. White Star Wanderers. This match avas Played at Warrington on Saturday in an incessant downpour of rain. White Star kicked off,but the opening stages were in favour of the home team. Warrington several times kicked dead, the Wanderers nevet reaching the home goal. Murray,with a nice run, transferwd play tn the visiora' rral, and Ball scored wltt a nice shot. From the kictx-off Warrington assumed the aggressive. Bilis centred finely, but Murray was too late, and a oiroer was forced, which, however, proved futile. By maky p!ay White Star got to the half-way line,but the houvoters soon ret ctnd. Houghton centred well, but the visiting back cleared, and a visit was paid to the home goal. Warrington scored again, the ball slipping through the custodian's hands. Warrineton tCON White Rtar Wanderers nil. After the interval the wretched weather emtinael,and the ground presented a perfect quagmire. Toe vdiitors protested 4zainst continuing the game, and although the r.,feree ordsre I he players out. the Wanderers still persist-cl in their ohjel'ion, and the game was eventually awarded the home team, the fin•l score being Warrington, two goal.: ; White Sar Wanderers, nil.

Wigan Cup—Second Round. Earlestown v. Parr, Dispite Ur. ex•.rernely oarno coodinon of the wea her on Saturday, Esrlestown and Parr c ,ntestel for ad- mission into the third rouni of the Wigan Cup Comp-V. tion, on the ground of VIA formn. There wag oniy a poor gate, which was not to be wonder,d at. Erles• town het th,. toga and Parr chose to play d )orn hill. The slimier? st of the ground wai ag 'Mat good Pl.s'.ate but the first half was very evenly cmteA A, and the Interval was reachei with an even score of a goal each. The Anlnd halt of the g tm. ay.ia ail in favour ef tries. town, who won very easily by 6 goals to 1. Pemberton v. Newton-le-Willows. At P,smberton. Pemberton cpuckly forcod play and Greenhalgh Ecord. Newton then broke away, but Alker checked their career, and play again ruled in favour of the homeatere. A corner followed, but without avail. End-to-end play next ruled, the shooting being diffioult Owing to th had state of the ball. Half-titne—Pembe,- ton. 1 proal ; Newton nil. Final, Pemberton 2, Nlwton, 0.

TO OURS A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Promo Quinine Tablets. AU Druggists re- fund the money if it falls to cure. lA.. The genuine is stamped L. B. Q. --Advt.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Electric Light in Cairo-street C,Thapel Cairo street chapel is the first local place of worship to be lighted by electricity. The new illuminant was used for the first time on Sunday evening and the excellent effect obtained was favourably commented upon by the congvgation. The pulpit was occupied by ttv, R6v. A. Pearson of Oldham, who congratulated his bearers upon the introduction of the light. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.—Open Meeting.

Despite the steady downpour of rain on Sunday after- noon, there was a fairly large attendance at the open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society, when members of both sexes were admitted. Mr. S B Stringer presided and in the course of his address he alluded to the ap- proaching simultaneous mission. It was a unique un- dertaking for there had been nothing tike it in the his- tory of Christendom. It would commence on the 16th ot February and continue until the 26th, and all the Free Churches throughout the country were looking forward to grand results. It would quicken the Church life of the country and it was hoped to bring many outside the chnrches into them.— The address was delivered by Mr. J. E. Balmer, of Eccles, who gave some homely hints on how to obtaia happiness. The Orpheus IQuartet party, consisting of Messrs. ecattergood, Daven- portt Whitehouse, and Sherlock contributed two pieces in their usually efficient manner, entitled, "Pray for the peace at Jerusalem" and "The Long Day Closes." A collection was taken on behalf of the society's funds. The service was also taken part in by Mr. C. Eccles and Mr. Farrar.

Bishop Chavasse at Warrington. On Sunday morning, the Lord Bishop of Liverpool (Dr Chavassel preached at the Warrington Parish Church. There was s large congregatfon, the Bishop basing his discourse upon the words ;—" And when they wanted wine the mother of Jesus Bahl] unto Him, they have no wine. Jesus Bath unto her. Woman, what have Ito do with thee ? Mine hour is not yet come," His Lord- Ship gave an address in the afternoon in the church to all the Sunday school children of the parish. There was a large congregation. In the evening the Bishop preached to another crowded congregation in Holy Trinity Church from the words, " Let a man so account of us as of the ministers of Christ,and stewards of the mysteries ot God. Moreover, it is required in stewards that a man be fohnd faithful." His Lordship said he had been asked to speak to them on behalf of the Curates' Fund, and he would therefore remind the congregation as briefly and as clearly as he could of the nature of the Christian ministry, and of the duty of the laity towards them. A minister must not only be sacred and sympathetic but self-sacrificing, and there never was a time when the Church orEngland needed her clergy to be more self-sacrificing than at the present. They knew it. They did not shrink from it ; they were willing to take up the cross and deny themselves for the Lord's sake. Men of education, most of them, who had had hundreds of pounds spent upon them, were willing to accept a salary which many a clerk in Warrington would be unwilling to take for the sake of Elia] wet) died for them and for the sake of souls. In conclusion, what must be the attitude of the laity t.- wards the clergy ? They must pray for their minister, they must work for him. The time was long past when the congregation were satisfied for the vicar or curate to do all the work The secular and financial parts of the work of the parish ought to be done by the laity. They must not expect clergymen to do the work of the parish and preach good sermons. Sermons t iok hours of read- ing and study, and unless the laity gave the clergyman time for study they would never get the sermons they expected. Never until each c immunicant took an in- terest in the work of the church would the lapied masses be won for Christ and the Church of England become the Church cf the world. The rev, gentleman then referred in sympathetic terms to the Bishop of London, aad con- cluded by asking for a liberal donation to the fund. The New Vicar of Appleton—lnstitu- tion and Induction Ceremonies. There was a 'arge congregation at St Cross Church, Appleton Thorn on Tuesday evening, when the impor- tant ceremonies of instituting and inducting the new vicar (the Rev. F. E. Evans M. A.,) to the living, took place. The new incumbent was inetituted by the Lord Bishop of Chester (the Right Rev Dr Jayne) and the induction service was conducted by Archdeacon Barber. After a portion of the usual office of evening prayer had been gone thr nigh the Bishop preached an anpropriate sermon from the words "Make full proof of Thy Minis- try." He said that in God's earth and in God's church there were many mieistrieh some visible some invisible, coma high and wetanty, others, eimp a and humble, and they were joined together, ordained and con- stituted under one order and all of them were necess- ary for the carrying on of God's great purpos s After referring to different forms of ministry his Lordship SaLl they were at that time thinking with deepest sym- parlay and with, he VITAS sure, true ant earnest prayer about one great minister to whom, under God's order, was appointed the ruling of nationieTney were thinking of their Empress Q iren.Triey woeld remember the teach- ingot Holy Scripture upon that point. "The powers that be are ordained of God ", they were God's ministers, so that in one Collect they prayed for the Qaeres " that she knowing whose minister she is may above all things seek 'Fos Honour and Glory" They knew how the Qieen had beer' enabled through these long years most faithfully to fulfil her great ministry and they prayed God that even yet, by His Holy will, He might spare her a little longer to her Empire and in a very real sense to all the nations -of the world. Cominuin his Lordship dwelt upon the importance of the work carried on in country parishes, comparing it to a miniature picture ira which every detail had to be carefully rate's Seri ; to. He asked the congregation to pray that the new Vicar would mike full proof of his ministl amongst them.— The new incumtent then took th • WWI Oath of Allegi- ance to the Queen, and the Oath of Can° 'deal Obedience to the Bishop of the Diocese ; and m ado the Declaration of Ascent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion and the Book of Common Prayer ; and also the declaration. *varlet simony ; as -eqoired by law.—After several special prayers had been offered, the Bishop read the letters of institution and pronounced a Benediction.— The Archclescon receivieg at the hands of the Baahop the {dendrite of Induction, then proceeded with the church- wardens, and the newly-instityted priest to the church door, and, laying the hand of the priest; upon the key of the door, inducted Wm into "the real, actual,. end corporal posae,sion of the church, with all Or /Islets, profits, and appurtenences thereto belongin. g. —ln accordance with the usual custom the newl; inducted incumbent tolled the church bell t•, signify his taking possesaim of the church. The service concluded with the Benediotion.

"The Broken Melody" at Parr Hall. The first visit to Warrington of. M. Ao4ur:e Van Biene, the celebrated actor-musician, has been , attended with melancholy circumstances. On Mon- day, when the initial performance was given, the serious illness of the Q ieen was uppermost in the minds of everybxly and the attendance suffered in consequence. On Tuesday, the fateful news of the ' Queen's death arrived as the audience was assemb- ling, and it was decided that no performance Siould be given. Since then, the public grief at the loss of the Qleen has interfered with all kinds of amuse- ments. There was a striking and tnernorable scene at the performance on Monday evennag. During an interval, M. Biene acknowledged the flittering reception he had received. He proceeded to state that they were all pained to hear of the serious ill- ness of the Qieen, but he did not like to interfere with the entertainment and to play, as a gentleman in the gallery had praviou ;Iv suggested he should play, "God save the Q letift." No one regretted her Majesty's illness more than he did, and they all deeply sympathized with the Royal Family in the irightful news they had heard that morning. He hoped it would please Almighty God to prolong her life. He asked the audience to join with him in singing" God save the gotien," and, said he "Let us hope that, if she must be taken from us, at all events her last momenta may be peaceful." The audience then rose and sang with much feeling the first verso, the scene being a 4ery impressive one. It should be stated that X. Biene's visit to Warring- ton is due to the enterprise of Messrs Kilduff and Hardiman, and it is to be regretted that circum- stances have conspired to interfere with the success of the venture. The performance of M. Biene on Monday evening was admirable. Both as a musi- cian and actor he displayed arti4ic talents of a high order and woo the plaudits of an appreciative audience. His performance on the 'cello was marked with musicianly taste an I skill. M. Biene: is assisted by a capable company, Miss Lena Burnleigh very feeling sustained the role of Mabel Borenski's wife, end Miss Ellen Snow was equally auvessful in the unpopular part of the Duchess de Verviers. General -vanoff (agent of the Rulsian secret, Police) was represented by Mr Brie Mayne, who as a spy discharged his duties with marked ability. Mr C A Morgan and Mr John Nolan as Mr Dickson and Dudley Mortimer respectively were , deservedly favourites with the audience. Minor parts were taken in a prai,e worthy manner by the following: The Hon Richard ,Spinnaker, Mr H Bhck ; Doctor Nragrath, Mr Joseph E4perance; Bea- jour, Mr W C,ank ; Mrs Dickson, Miss Ida Reed ; Mrs Spinnaker, Miss C pipmae. Toe music was supplied by Mr Rotert Whirfisld's orchestra. The , performance will be continued this (Saturday) evening,

When A.kin z for 0 co. intist on h tvi nit 0 4.D31.74tr'S 8011 only in Paakets and Tine. tut other Cool it at eofted subst i- tutedtcr the 'mice of extra profit—Advt. (1)

"Dear Sirs,—lt gives me pleasure to let you know the benefits I have derived fr3m Scott's Emulsion. When I commenced to take the prepara. lion I had been suffering for some months from lung disease, accompanied by a very bad cough with frequent expectoration. I bad tried various remedies, including cod-liver oil, but all to no pur- pose, for nothing relieved me for any length of time Seeing your advertisements repeatedly in the daily liapers, telling of the good results to be obtained from your preparation, I determined to try Scott's Emulsion myself and see what it would do for me. To this end I procured a bottle, and noticing some relief b-fore I had finished it, I naturally got a farther supply to continue the treatment, and the results have been altogether most satisfactory. To make asy story as short as po.sible, I may say that I bavo been taking Scott's Emulsion about three months, and have obtained the greatest possible benefit from its use, being stronger and better than I have been for a considerable time. My cough, which was the chief cause of trouble, has almost entirely left me, in fact, I only feel anything of it when I enter a place where smoking h .4 been going en, I would certainly advise anyone .ufferigg from chest or lung complaints to tr: Scott's Etnolsion, as From my experience with it, I feel sure that the results would not be disapp mating. My friends

===== 0002601_19010125_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Suffered with his lungs until he took

Scott's Emulsion.

Photograph.)

The especial ooject of this newspaper article is to call the reader's attention to a I, ter from a gentle- man of eon, which reads as follows :- 107, High-street, Eton, Backe. " Marnh Ist, 1900.

, , ill, --.,._••••••••-•:;-,:-.,,,, (00 \ \\ ) p \WI) IP/ 'N,\‘ \\\ \ , / -H 1 1://' ' Rif -----4,41.) .60 ---- / 4aq k „. i ; . ._,. ~.. /1 , , i ,• . , . \ WILLIAM MAHER. (From a

===== 0002601_19010125_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEYAN HOME

MISSIONS.

Successful Meeting at St. Paul's,

The annual meetings and so mane on betialt of the Wesleyan Home Missions. were held in the Runoorn Cir- cuit during the week. Oa Sunday, the Rev, H Howard May, of Liverpool, preached to large cengregations b moraine and evening, his eloquent lic urees being founded on Like 7537 and Ecrilehiestes 3-11. On Monday night the annual meeting was held iiS Pau.'a Church, ani was also erell-a.teoilerl. Oa the platform were the Revs A Welts (senerintendent), H El May (Liverpo3!), II Morrison and J II Foster ; Messrs .7 M Frith, 11 R Poanett, 4 R N eenaa, J R Frith, T Sinister T Bente, E Taylor, and J Greenelgh The Rev. J B Neater opened the ineetin; with prayer, and petitioned the Alinighl in p Rho= strains that our b-loved Queen mieht b 3 spared to us and her Retral Family a little longer. The Elev. A VVells, in introducing Mr J 1 Frith; as chairman, said he had received one If the greatest honours that could ever be given to a Methodist, for by a unanimous vote he had been elected to the position of one of the Circuit stewards—(heer, hear)—and by an eq rally urianimaus vote he had been called upon to take toe chair that night. (Applause). Mr Frith thee took the chair and called upon the Rev H Morrison for the report of last year's work. Tne Rev H Morrison at the outset indicated that the report he was about to submit, did not by any Means represent flee whole of the work done by the Home Missions within the Methodist Church. The work reviewed by the book in his hand was described as the "Herne Mission and Contingency Farad port•" Has- ing spoken of the probable dissolution of that title in the future, Mr Morrison went on to say that the Renee Miasiou work would be carried on especially in Come five different ways. First they had the help extended to depeed slat circuits. He could give them names of eir- elite which had received aid under that head, but it wend not b every generous to do S. The pelley was not simply to help circuits when in need but to teach circuits to help themselves. (Roar, hear). And it was int tresting to net° that in the past year s nne 15 circuits receiving aid grants had now beams healthy independent circeits• (Ap66 plause.) Another way of advancing the work had been the appointing of home missionaries to the. cities and populous centres. In their own district they had somel three home missionaries, and they were doing good work is different parts There was their old friend and min- ister, Mr Valentine, who was now at West Kirby and I Hoyle ke, and in the other centres they had Mr Jackson, ' and their good friend, Mr May, who was taking part in ' the great mission work in Liverpool. (Applause.) An- other department of the work was one that ci erainanded itself very largely to all Methodist peoples and that was the work done by ministers in the Army and Navy. He had himself spans three years amougss the soldiers and sailore and could testify to its great importance. In ad- I dition to the ordineny work, especially in the last year, I their ministers and scripture readers had seen soldiers as I they went off to South Africa and ale:, welcomed them hack, and in addition to that their chaelains who visited the Netley Hospital reported that some 300 wounded Mechodist soldiers had passed through duliug the last year. In the Army and Navy there were i some 31,000 declared Methodists, and amongst them were seine 2,000 full members of the Methodist Chute's. Then there were Goa Evangelists and their work and who was there who could riot value the Rey J Grange Bennett and his work. (Applause). Another method of work- ing had been the" Gospel Care," of which the society had 12- In tlvir district some 21 places had been visited by the 66 cars," some 361 services held, some 800 Wears had bean given to visit from house to boo .e ; same £l3O had been spent to buy books for peon-le ; and, most en- couraging as all that was, in the various services there had beau seine 413 adult enquirers, so teat that humble work Wa.9 thing great good amongst the %Inez s of the country. (Applause). As regards finance last year £36,000 in round figures Was raised, and at the present time there was a debit of £7,000. Taking the Liverpool circuit, the amount received for their mission work s. as

_ £2,139; and corning Nearer home. the amounts were as tollows :—Yearly c illection, £4 103 31 ; congregational, £l2 4 i ; public meeting at Sr, Pail's. £9 8 . 7d ; Halton, Ib4 ; Juvenile Association, £l3 23 71 ; and smaller amounts making a total ot £43 10s Si. (Hear, hear, and applause). Mr J Mason Frith (the chairman) then addreved the meeting, and supplomented the remarks of Mr Morrison regarding the importot:c of the Uloino Mifaion work. The Rev H Howard Mac followed, and said there was a feeling and tnougtit uppermost with tem at that moment. Tne feeling was en of interest ond gratitude to God that he weal stiq, in the faith. That whilst from the ranks even of the ministry and from the ranks of

are surprised at the great improvement in me, and declare I have • taken a fresh lease of life..—Yours gratefully, (Signed) War. Kamm Here is a case so familiar that it cannot be mis- taken. The chronic cough that slowly and persis- tently weakens the system, is the enemy of every northern country. In damp climates especially the great majority of deaths is due to diseases of throat and tangs, and the majority of these diseases may in turn be traced to neglecting the early cough. A cough is not necessarily dangerous at first. A little Scott's Emulsion will quickly relieve it. But after it has run a while there is another thing to be considered. The system has become weakened; vitality or resistive power is lowered, and this is dangerous. It is just because ordinary specifics have nothing in them to give vitality that makest them so useless in treating a chronic cough. Scott's Emulsion is what people need- in northern countries like ours. It contains a special and original form of cod-liver oil combined with hypo- phosphite+ and glycerine—all standard remedial agents. No other preparation is like it and no other form of oil will produce as tamp finial results. It will pay you to try the genuine Scott's Emulsion if there is need of it in your Virally and you will then see the practical results such as are revealed from day to day in our advertisements. Yu can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion bl,, srmdiac threepence to cover postage to Scott an" Bowne, Limited, 95, Great Saffron Hill. LondOn• RC „and mentioning the name of this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

professing Christians many bad denied and forsaken the-ir Lord, he was profoundly grateful that that moricent found him a firm believer in the simplicity of the Gospel with the experiences of a Methodist, able to testify that he hsd the hte,,sed sense of sins torgiv.n. The thought Which was uppermost in his' mind at that moment Gras " Was God strong enough, despite his weak servanter from that moment to lift that U nue Missionary meeting out of the ordinary, out of the common-place end make it one of tho 're 14etter -lays of their spirituallife." Ile befievsd by tro pswcr of His Divine Spirit He was. Why were they there that night ? Tbere was a little sentence On ths agenda oC th 3 conferencs which always s irred his heart, as nothing eIS3 in the cordon-ince did, and that was " Conversation upon tbs state of the work of God," and there was a question ia every district asked by its Chairman which always ar, pealed to him. What was the state of the work 01 God ? " and that night for a little while he was going to invite their attention to a course entirely his Own. Mr May then related his thrilling experioncos as a mission , worker in the Liverpool slums Clrawall and other places, fairly captivating bis hearers with narrations 01 the sinners' struggles with sin. In concluding, the rev, speaker referred to the need of the new century as a trill spiritual conception of God. He might be wrong, bus he thought i was the basis of all the best and trueet work that was done in the world. He had no:iced some people uen the name of Gsd ,19 if he were their next-loot neighbour. Personally lie would no • forgot the WOrCifl of one of his professors that the word was the cancer tion of the person, and. prayed that they as a hod); might never lose that tunable reverence for God see God's House that characterised theiriforefathers. The conclusion of Mr May's address was the occasion for prolonged applause. The Rev H Wells then proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the' Rev fl May for corning amongst them, and extended as invitation to him for the next year. (A 7 plause.) Mr T Simister seconded, and the motion was carriecl.. Mr May responded, and indicated that he might Do° able to come next I ear, a statement greeted witn applause. Mr Posnett (the seiar Circuit steward) then extended, a hearty vote of thanks to Mr Frith for his services e: .thairm.n, and t wtifild how heartily they welcome° anyone from Halton-road. Mr Ait Norman seconded, and the vote was dull I accorded. The R'',7 A_Wells than annosinced that the total amoue!

n! the collections was £24 5i 6 1 ; and the total for that night was £l2 93. (Applaube).

)te ot n, (Air arrie4; ht tends ices w; Icorao'l I dull insotiO!

10-30 ~

1 -10 ~

===== 0002601_19010125_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
--4,-- A FREE VETERINARY BOOK.

The proprietors of Condy'a Fluid, of 14, G3swell-toalf London. E.G., are, we understand. posting to all &POI' cants, free of charge, a most useful book containing 15; structions Iron Veterinary Surgeons of the bigheil Standing for the treatment and eine of ailments ato complaints affecting Holism, Dogs, Cats, Cattle, Sheer, Pigs, Rabbits, Poultry,Pigeons,Cago Birds, Gold Fish,lo„' Coody'a Fund is really a magical remedy for sufferiaf ! animals, and this book will be found extremely used:: We recommend all our read( re to write for it to condi Fluid Works, 14, Goswer-road, London, E.C. No chore I is made for the Book or for Postage.

The!wall Parish Council. The quarterly meeting of this authority was he._ in the schoolroom on Monday evening, Mr NornisP Taylor presiding. Ther + were also present.' Messrs W Ford, VI 1 righton, H Roebuciff Astall, E Hewitt, ana J Tack. A. lette,„c was read by the Clerk from the Manchester Shit, Canal Company respecting the proposed shelter b/ the ferry. After some discussion Mr Roebuck Prre posed, and Mr Tuck see:m(lA, a proposition to 0 effect that the Clerk write to the Company callt their attention to the necessity of a shelter on ti?„ north side of the ferry. The Clerk said that regatd to finance they commenced the year wich ' balance of .21 Is 21 No calls had yet been toscl,,et but cheques were required to be signed that ohz,;e for £2. de proposed that, the Parish Council ton) an order upon the overseers for £lo—the Chairraty thanked the Council for their vote of symp6t'o passed to him at, the last meetiag, he having be I seriously ill. .1

OLD FALSR TEETH BOUGHT. Many ladies and gentlemen have by tmem old or dist false teeth. which might as well be turned into w°!, Messrs R D and B Fraser, of Princes-street. IP" (established since 1833), buy old false teeth. If yoll your teeth to them they will remit you by return pOO utmost value; or, if pr_ferrecl, they will make you the , offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If refer necessary, apply to Messrs. Ba.c.nr & Co., Bankers lOW

.

10-0 Oa

2-15 2-30. 2.45'

10-3 P 1145 Lett(

Po Ilc Atte The ! MOM Pew LETT

'4 4 8.0

REcE Es Bus-I *Ae Col *Gc lASI

Stu . Wll *W:

Wit] ZOra Ne,

(1 Pre Clal Leg Lowt, Lowt (1

%no . and I,ond +rod_ Inane Yor _bet' %%hem Sot kin Loud frest 1011-14 uelai Lon ?yam ten ctlaei ate A•erei Eel gal Croft 1.01‘,1 Lao

CL, thina keret each, out tt L.lnco

Advt Mix elegg Lle g teeth O th the IT A de

)(Al tnrna ItEra .141,1te beaut Der b Thc the Ve —2lett ',eta; knd „ $lOO, 191arli eerfu ae So'

tbtal DerPl El), brool ttreet .100, etre, *ate

===== 0002601_19010125_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Z-15 p.m.

ern Ind hal ber will lere the te P 1 and

4..z0 5-30 8.0 ::

===== 0002601_19010125_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
word 6

On—ce.- P 1 1

===== 0002601_19010125_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
iheeY:. I

SITB-OFFIM *Ashton Collins Green •Golbonie Lowton Eitubsbhw Cross *Wargrave

WALL Boams— Orow Lane. Newton... Newton common (Near the Raneenuree) Railway Station

(Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne I ~ Leah Street. ~ '4O. viten Chapel 4,owton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) tiolton Roacl. Ashton Vulcan Village Bilrtonwood

_ (Providence Place) reels are despatched Irc Own at 6a.rn. and 6 p.rr Ina as letters.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. anclBy.m.

7-10 a.m. and 6:20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 t.m. 8.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are 7elegrap4 Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and T p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 pm. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

n the Receiving Office at Ea ; from all Sln-013as at

===== 0002601_19010125_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen, , England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland. 7-0 a.m. :-. . and Foreign ' .tondon and the South == arrodsham, Helsby, lc Lynlin Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northat- . harland, and Lincolnshire ; Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Present. Wigan, Orme- kirk Whin ... & Earlestom n Foreign, and the South ' tli diand Counties & South Wales ,Treston, North Lancashire, New- ' Lan-le-Willows, St. Helens, and „Chester . ... . = manchester London and Foreign, South, S - . Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales. and Ireland 4148g0w, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester awandon and Foreign, South. S - 1 , ,-_ Eastern, Midland, Northern, - _ gastern Countics, & Lancashire Urott, Padgate. W 3olsten, Stockton ~ Heath and Stretton Lo ndon & Foreign, South. and S - liastwn Counties

7-0 a.m.

10-30 „

10-45.. 111-30 ~ 1 11-4 b 1. 12-0

11-30 a.m.

12-15 p.r .

2-15 , 1 3-15 , ,

3-15 a.m.

5-30 p.m.

9-15.. 1/.4

6-5 a.m.

8-30 ..

CLARBEES B 4t PILL 3 are warrantet to care, in ethr I€Z. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the ..„"nary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. Free from 'mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. ea,ch. of all Chemists and Patent SlBliCine Vendors through- the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lifleoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINE !—FOR THE TF.ETE AND [MR./TH.—Thoroughly Cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, precc_cts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Is. Bd. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Florilins Powdev," of all Chemists and Perfumel.l.- 4dy

VALTJABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—II your hair I *rising grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR ;9rEwEa, for It will positively restore. In every case, rtrey or b b'le hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly r,autifni, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d "r bottle.-- AGM'

===== 0002601_19010125_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
I

on tbat wich, a TDB( t ii nli tairn tn[*

)lood

been

rhere,al

THA'.

grea \

le.. youi pobt the ref e

Puri)

iellous

%falba Health and Vigour of an individual depends no 1:1,,,e quantity and quality of the Blood. When the Unto - ii;',re been at work there are thrown into the blood wasp : fote, and if these be not eliminated but (through any cac etained in the t they influence nutritlon and finical, lad finally produce organic disease." 'The Humanitarian ~, cities of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Skin and lood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects o , 'ylarke,. Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- -serful cures have effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture zeze sold everytt reitations and subatit'u2tse.s9.d—. ,- /lOW Di IT ', tbtalfled such ..•12P.Plexed many. tore finest Blood . ......auglit to light. .z4eCted by it. . aeed Diseases, Apdervbt.ott(lsA). —lieware of worthless ewttects are roary are Of worthless

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE has at popularity " is a question which has The answer is, that it is uaquestionable ifier that science and medical skill has housands of wonderful 2ures have been Jr Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skins, and ,d Legs Pimples and Sores of all kinds the cue. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bout le imitations aria substltutes.—Advt. 2

. off of cll5OO co 0000 svoi,/ ate. Ips°'

===== 0002601_19010125_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIL 10-15 a.m. NII.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pte, Sept. For Aget _ _. ..home 10 5 _ __

_ 1 Barrow 8 Swinton away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov. 3 Stockport away 5 n 10 Cheshire v Cumberland. Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 5 24 Salford away 10 11 Dec. 1 Barrow away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Lancashire Cheshire 0 30 15 Stockport home 17 2 22 Wigan away 5 0 26 Warrington away 2 0 29 Leigh home 15 0 1901. Jan.

1 Birkenhead Wandererg home 19 5 Rochdale Hornets nay 8 12 Millom home 22 . 19 Leigh away 3 26 Salford home Feb. 2 Swinton , home

9 Broughton Rangers away 16 St. Helens home

-- 23 Oldham away Mar, - '

2 Cup tie 9 Cup'tie 23 Cup tie 30 Cup tie Apl. 6 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes home

WIDNES FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pte Sept. For Apt - . • ,home 3 6

1 Warrington 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 Leigh home 2 3 Oct. 6 Salford away 0 27 13 Runqprn home 10 0 27 Roolidale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.L.&B.T.Oupo.)away 7 20 10 Broughton Rangers home 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 9 24 Stockport home 6 0 Dee. I Warrington away 7 10 16 Swinton home 2 37 22 Miilom away 0 0 29 St. Helena borne 8 0 1901. Jan. 6 Oldham borne 2 18 12 Broughton Rangers away 3 20 19 Barrow away 0 7 26 Mill= home Feb. 2 Leigh away 9 St. iltelens 16 Rochdale Hornets home 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19010125_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ET, HELENS -FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURNS AND SCORBS. 190. r.. Pte. Sept. For. Apt. 1 Brougbton R home 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 16 Warrington away 0 0 22 Runcorn! home 0 11 29 Wigan borne 12 0 Oct. 6 Stockport home 3 0 13 Oldham away 0 22 27 Mlnom home 2 4 Nov. 3 Wigan(S.W.L.3:l3.T. Cup Comp.)home 7 0 10 Wigan away 8 8 17 Salford home 2 13 , 24 Warrington home 0 7 Dec. 1 Stockport away 0 5 15 Oldham home 5 15 22 Broughton R . 24 Warrington (S.W.L.ART. 0. 0.) away 6 6 26 Leigh away 0 12 29 Widnes away 0 8 1971. Jan. 1 BlTauldwerafleld home 11 3 6 away 6 14 ._ _

~ .. 12 Leigh home 0 39 Swinton home 6 26 Rochdale H. away Feb. 2 Salford away 9 Widnes ,.. home 16 Runcorn away 23 Millom away Mar. 16 Swinton away April. 6 Barrow home

The Call for Volunteers. Warrington's Response.

The meeting which was held in the Drill Hall 00 Friday evening was convincine of the fact that the Warrington Volunteers sII not be lacking in willingness to contribute their fair quota of men to serve their country in South Africa. Though the battalion has already furnished a company and a half for active service, there is no doubt that it will be able to provide the additional number of men which will be required from V.Varrington. An air of enthusiasm pervaded the proceedings, which were wit- nessed by a large number of the public. Colonel RIDGWAY briefly addressed the men. Ho said they would have seen from the orders that further com- panies were being formed to go out to South Africa and he had been asked by the War Office to form a com- pany. The first company which the battalion sent out had been at the front for about twelve months and it was thought it was time they should be relieved and another company should take their place. Ho had not yet received from the War Office, the conditions under which the men would go out, but so far as he knew it would be under similar conditions to the first company, that was that the men would not have to bear any expenses and the corn-e pan y weld be thoroughly equipped in every way. Hr had called them together that night to see what numbs of men were willing to go out. He could not say how many would be required, but he wanted as many as possible to volunteer to show what Warrington and the battalion could do. When they would go out he could net say as it would take some little time to get the necessary uniforms. As regarded age he did not know what the conditions would be bu'i he thought they would be as before. In conclusion he asked all who were willing to volunteer to step to the front. There was a splendid response to the appeal, no less ' than 104 mon stepping forward amid loud applause• Having inspected the ranks, the Colonel expressed his pteasure at seeing such a hearty response. He be- lieved other men, who were unable to attend the meet- ing had also given in their names. I The proceedings Concluded with cheers. ~

===== 0002601_19010125_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JANUARY 26 1901.

RAILWAY TIHE TABLE

JANUARY. FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 4), 8 23, 1.020, Pc 10, 15, 255 5 20, 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altar and Hillhouse .-7 153 35, all 2.1 25, a 3 22.a4 0, a 6 15, a 7 15 a 9 25. Sundays 9 31 2 5,8 55. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L a 2 58. b 3 23, 710, 3,45 11 57 , 15,25. 520.720 1139. Sundays 2 53, 10 16, 45, 1195 alfondays excepted. bklon lays oniv Birmingnam ()31d1andl-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 1.2 55, 3 7, 522 55,1.1 52. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 420,5 15 P.m , Blackburn -5 45, 835, 956, 11 SJ, 2 10, 4 60, 6 23,8 50. Sundays 8 43, a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 1142, 1225, 2 10,3 50. 4 53, 6 23, 717, 8 50,9 43. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton— 8 t",, 9 25, 10 43, 12 14. 115, 3 32. 4 26, 8 43 7 11, 9 20, Sundays 443 a.m..5 15. 757 P.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 958 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 335,9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131,1.2 30 1 40.2 15, 2.2) 16, 422,5 7.6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,,44 7,45,11 35, Collins 9reen-7 5. 85, 835. 10 1.0.127. 2 35,3 40, 5 15. 6 33,78, 7 40, 925. 1030. Sundays 843. 60. Crewe—a2 58,53 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20. 11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 154 5.11 35. alldoadays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 1225, 2 2). 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 44, a m. 7 45 p.m. . _

Derbi(Miciland)-5:5c 8 46. 953, 1155. 12 65, 37, 4 17 22, 6 65, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m liariestoA n—s 45, 75, 8 5,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 1110 20,10 55 12 7, 12 25 1 15,2 35,3 403 60, 5 15, 5 2P.,' 33;7 Q 7 40,9 25, 955, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 60,7 57,9 54 p.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53.1 55. 320 515. 0 17, 80. 9 48. Sand lois 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodaham-7 37. 95 10 23, 12 25, 2 20. 3 1.5, 4 22, 57, 6 4 744 10 14, Sundaya 8.41 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Oheshira Linea 3-7 1.7. 757. 3 31,9 5. 10 5 12 0 15. 210, 4 C 529 75, 8 le, 5940. 210 25.11 39 Sun lays 0, 9 55, 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdaya only. saturaaya exoepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57 11 50,12 25.2 10,4 509 55 Sandays 957 Golborne —5 45. 7 5,8k35, 1055, 1225, 1 15,3 50, 5 20 7 14 9 55. Sundays 8 43.6 ON

ilougtl Ureen-7 12. 7 5-7, 8 31, 95, a 9 30, 10 5. 120, 15. ; u. 5 N 6 15,7 15,8 0,9 25,b9 40, alo 23. Sunday 9 0,9 31 11 :2,2 39, 913. aSaturdays oaly bSaterdays excepted !dam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 845, 10 18. 3 15, 5 15, 9 33. .

Latclaford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 58, i 0 49,12 36, 1 14, 2 23, 3 38, 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78. a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51. 5 25. 75, 8 5, 8 35 9,25,10 55,12 7.12 25,2,35 3.40 5 20, 633, 7 8,7 40.9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 530, 835. 843. 3 23, 5 10, 60, 954. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platforrn)-7 30, 325, 109 11 53, 155. 320,5 15,6 17,80, 9 14. 9 ..rodAys 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57. 95, 10 26, 120. 113. 210, 2 21, 3 37, 40, 64. 810, 911, 94b. 1023 1220 1139. sundays4 30, 5 30, 9 0, 9 55.1122,2 20,2 39, 7 10, 828, 9 18,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past toe hour. L 01,4011 & N. W.)-2 685, a 3 23, 7 10, 8 23, 9 45,10 23, 11 57, 1 5,2 0, 5 20, 6 22,11 34. rrundays 258.10 15,4 5,11 35, bMondays excepted. aMondays only. Loudon (Midland)-5 61,8 46, 9 58. 11 37.12 65, 3 Ha. 5 22. 6 65, 511 be. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. bMondays accepted. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27 Sundays 8 50. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 4,10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15,2 23,3 32. 4 26. 5 32. 6 43, 717. 8 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10, 5 6.7 40, 843 5 15, 60. 757 From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 90, 958. 1049, 1 14. 3 33. 4 11. 6 13, 78, 921, 11 40 , Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 812,11 42 . Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55.: 92, 955 10 55 11 23,11 55, 1255. 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55. 4 55, 720,7 55, 8 13, B''b 6,9 15, 9 55, Sundays 6 46, 6 67, AU 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35. 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 2), 2 55, 535.7 20. Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 15, 2 55.5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 a.m. _ _ -

Newton-le-Willows- 83 10, 5 45,7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20 1 j 40, 10 5512 25, 115,2 59, 3 32, 350, 4 26, 450. 520, 6 43, 7 17 9 20. 9 55. 1030. Sundays 843 a m 3 35, 51, 50,7 57, 9 54a via Kenyon b Mondays excepted Padgate -7 0, 7 65, 82, 840, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 5 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15: Sundays 8 45, 10 14, ? 44,8 15, 935 Preston-5 28, 545. 8 35. 955, 11 50, 12 25, 210. 350 4 60, 628 7 17, 880, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 80, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20. 5 15, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 756, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58, 40.5 29$ 15. 75, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 610 25, Sundays 9 0, 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, cMoadaya only. (O.LX.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 55, 255,3 14,4 7, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 615, St Helens-7 5, 85, 8 35. 11 .0.10 66, 11 53, 127 12 25, 2 35 3 40, 5 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 33 Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0,9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30. 11 2, 125 3 22,56, 6 15, 7 16,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 722,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, 38,4 11, 818, 813.7 8,a7 45,927. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 105, 115, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 53, 40, 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 10, 925, a 6 40, 810 25. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. andN.-W-)-7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 15,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 95, 40. 80. Wigan- 5 20.5 45,7 5,8 33,9 56,13 55,11 50,12 25, 1 15.2 10 259, 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 53,7 17,3 53, 9 43,9 3uu4sys,3 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 55

===== 0002601_19010125_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Acton Bridge-0 30. 7 40. 8 52, 10 57,12 0, 333 4 45, 720 833 Sundays 7 55, 4 42. Anew. and Hlllhouse-11 26. 12 44, 2 45, 7 18, 8 24, 9 57, Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10,550 720 S 10, 12 25, 2 338 a 4 40 5 60,9 25.9undays 310. 1240. 7 0. ((Thursdays only Birmingham (M(dland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50 11 48. 1 25 2 48, 5 45,6 50,10 34 11 19, Sunday 415, am 40. 11 19 pm Blackburn-8 30.10 48.12 30, 1 55. 347, 750 Sundays., 80, a 2 2. 5.40, a9.13...a via Preston

- . Blackpool (Talbot Road) -8 5, 9 55, 1040. 11 40 1 40, 3 15. 23 '1 0,100. Sundays 725, 1 355 12. Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.9 10,10 0,11 25, 15, 2 55, 6 50, a 8 15. Sundays 710, 1154 57.825. a leaves at 9on baturdays Bslton-5 66, 640 7 65, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25.1 5. 2 15, 4 15 5 10.5 55, 8 35,a 1.0 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65. 925 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle-012 5, 640, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42,Sundays 125 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41,aMon i‘v. excepted. Chester-7 25.8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 50,11 40, 1 55. 2 10, 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35, 7 35,810,8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,655 Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24, 11 23, 12, 33 1 38, 2 10, 3 5, 4. 1, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 747, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 lua.m• 7 15.12. m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 1115, 11. 11, 2 23. 3 5 415 646 640. 85, 90. Sundays 455. 7 10. 245 4 10,921 Daresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 27. 2 52, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 P.m. Derby-8 12, 935. 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0.4 47, 75 87, 935, Sundays 335. 7 30, 6 2,„ 6 51. CIHKCipt MOadlyB. Bmlestown-6 53, 7 13, 8 46, 920. 945, 10 26, 11 26 1 42 12 60142, G 13. 314. 515.552,630 733. 88 923, alo 36 al2 o.Sundays 8 33,9 62,9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a Saturday only. Fiddler's Ferry 3c Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 41, 12 3, 29, 327 5 4,6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 c 2,2 57. 52. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 657, 831 Sundays 6 66,a.m. 720 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 50. 10 48 12 0. 12 56 2 11, 3 2, 4 49. 56. o 5), 6,1. IZ4 9 1 Sundays 8 10, 9 10, 240, 3 9,4 42, 651. 854. Glasgow-10 O. 2 0.2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 05. Golll)4o2rnse-6und4a4y.. 0 8 2460. . 170 - 5.12. 12 23 2, 41 0 i Lionel Green-7 45, 815,99, 103, 1055. 1.9 8 1833: 33 3, b 21, 67,7 11,7 38,9,15. Sundays 823, 923,3 5,9 4, 9 10. 29,102 11. -117.31569. 15233, .5 45,1 45. 2 , uIL anr dat inyh sfa ddo _859C,a16d415,53hiea84:490( C. 3 , 4 22, 55 41, 67, 6 43, 7 43, 3 43 1127. 6 131 -iyJ 323 2 33.? 23. aSaturdays only. /Saturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Barlestow4n)-. 5a2553.5...7 65.38,7 z 55.); 11 5 8 10.2 3ssu.n9d2asy 11 0,11 60,1 5. 1 30, 30, 50 7 30, 9 20. 6 30, ailondays only. Haturdays only. Via Widnes (L. & N. W.)-6 25, 8 20, 95, 9 53, 12 33. 1 25 2 35,335 420, 5 20, 6 5,8 30, alo 45, Sundays 735. 2 1 0.7 15 10.45. a Saturday s only Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-6.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 23, 8 3), 8 40 930 9 35 10 30,11 15,11 20, 11 40. 11 53 12 33, 1 0, 1 30 1 33 155' 230.2403604 30, 4 55 5 30,5 36, 6 35.730, 8 30. 8 58, 9 30,11 30 SUncays 7 50, 90.230,260 4 20 6 30. 8 30.8 35, 9 40 London (1. 3: 15 W)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 is, 2 254 15,5 12 oSundays 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. London(Midland)-5 15, 90, 10 5,13 10. 2 0 40, , 9 15 120. iStin,ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7. 8 32, 9 20, 9 54, 11 8, 11.1, a 137, 25, 250, 414.16 33,5 L 9, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33,11 19. Sunda .8 15,2 25 715 Saturdays Iy. sSaturdays exu.s.)Ad. Manchester (L & N.-‘17.)-7 45, 85. 8 30, 9 59 40 10 45 12 10,15. 1 35,2 40, 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 60. 7 fa, 80, 9 20, 10 40 Sundays. 80, 8 30, .9 0, 60, 40 Saturdays excepted. . danchester.(London-road)-7 25.753,4 25. (0 35, 12 351 5a 21. 3 40. /5 5. 5 20, 65,75. 855. 10 45 Sartdays 730 140. 630 &Saturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. aa11.3 • • - ' 72), 837, al 5, 93) 38. 1030. 1035, 1130.12 30, 12 50 1 3), 2 30, 330, 430, 43,8 30, 6 Ow, 638, 130 830. 8 35,13 0, 110. Sundays N 5,.9 00. 4C. 2 0.6 5,6 35 8 20, 9 40,a Saturdays only

Middlewleh-6 48, 239, 65. _ _ Moore-6 56.96, 11 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.8un tays.B 19,4 56 ewton-6 55,7 25, 8 42, 98.9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, II 43. 12 4 0 1 58, 7, 4 7,4 51, 5 10, 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30.50. 915 15.11 4.11 47, Sundays 8 3), 9 49,1) J, 3 I) ; only. Padgate 7 8, 7 48, 828, 9 O. 10 6, 1 11. 2 5, 5 18 7 3, 9 10 11 32. sundays 8 53, 11 16, 2 32,9 12, 13 13. Prestod 29,5 50, 90, 930 .10 IC 1115. 11 28,1 21 3,4 47, 8 28, 8 30, 9 45. 1049. Sundays 29, 835, 30, 610. 10 25 aMondays excepted. Runeor 8 39, 919 10 15, 12 30, 125, 3 2, 44) 541 8 10 9 53.

Balc-e-9.-6 5347 56, 831, 9 37, 10 21.11 24,12 38, 1 4) 2 43, 3 43, 4 35. 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 723, 3 69 32. Buaday3, 831 108, 337, 5 7, 9 23. Sheffleld-8 25., 11. 5,1 55, 55,70, a 3 23. 3uil3 kys,B 10 3 10. aSaturdays only. St Helens-6 20 655, 8 1.9 23. 90,105, 11 10, 112), 12 5 1 25 1 35. 2 53, 4 33,5 25,6 10,6 55. 7 25. 3 50 10 33. $1.114Y 7 50. 9 35,6 55, 9 5. Bouthport-3 5, 10 10,11 11,12 25. 3 5 2 3), 3 53. 7 0, 8 5 9 5a 9 40. Sundays, 90, 2 0, 8 0, a9aturity3 daty. Thelwall-8 10, 836. 925, 9 58, 11 13, 115.1 11 a 4 i 4' 22. 5 37. 6 3 645, 7 45, 931, 1123. ariliy 8 19„2 29 7 19.

Widnes (Chebhlre Line)-8 2), 9 25, 10 10, li 12,12 25 4 25, 230 3 2,4 25,5 12,3 IE, 716 7 53, 93) zll. 40, Sun- days 830,330,50, 9 13.9 20. a Saturdays auly. Widnes ( L & N W)-7 58 55, 933 1333, 1.1 bi, 135 t 2), 3 58, 4 55. 5 5). 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sun tia, 8 14, 25) 7.54, 112. Wigan-2 39,6 33, 8 15,9 26, 9 56. 10 0, 1122, 12 15. Di 4254 5 5 ?0,6 5, 75, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 239 3)4.1 53

===== 0002601_19010125_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PUPIL TEACHERS' CENTRAL DAY CLASSES.

A meeting in connection with these classes was held in] the Town Hall, on Friday evening. The Rev Morley Stevenson was voted to the chair. There was a large attendance.

REPORT AND BALANCE SHEET.

The CHAIRMAN expressed his regret at the absence of the Rev Canon Willis,who was the chairman of the com- mittee. He must off.-r an apology to the meeting for the fact that they had not had an annual meeting for two years. He could assure there that all he members of the committee were truly peed tent—(hear, hear)—and they earnestly trusted that -fleeting would give them absolution. (Hear, hear and laughter.) In giving a brief history of she classes, the Chairman referred to the supplementary classes which were previously held at the Training Coll( ge for the benefit of pupil teachers. The numb ir, however, out- grew the accommodation and the resources of the teach- ing staff, and it was decided to establish a centre for pupil teachers. Two years ago, Mr Dennison was op. Pointed head teacher and Miss Warburton,assist. teacher He'was sure he was only voicing the opinion ef the Committee when he said they were extremely indebted to Mr Dennison and feti39 Warburton for the earnestness, zsal, diligence and success with which they had carried on the classes through many disadvantages and seine discouragement up to the present time. (Applause.) In January, 1899, there were 70 pupils, in January, 1890, 88 pupils and in January, 1891, 102 pupils. (Applause.) So much had the centre increased that the Committee had bun it necessary to appoint another assistant teleher. (Hear, hear.) The Government Inspectors report for the year said " The premises are not first-rate, and will, I hope, at no very distant date, be superseded by some- thing better. The teachers work with much zeal, and spare no pains in their efforts to make the instruction successful. He hoped that as the centre increased ths committee would be able to provide mare suitable pre- mises, but they were bound by an agreement to stay at the present premises another year. With regard to tbe results obtained at the October examination, 23 were in the first class, five second class, 10 third class, and one failures. At the previous examinationthe results wer:3 four first class, 23 second class, 11 third class, and three failures. Mr DEWIILTRST presented the balanc3 sheet in the ab- sence of the hoe treasurer (Mr F Monks). The balance in hand, Including a prospective grant of £6O for draw- ing. is £9B 8s 11d. The report and balance Sheet were adopted on the proposition of the Rev B. V. Pigot, seconded by Mr Craik. A vote of thanks was tendered to Mr Monks for his services.

The Appointment of Managers. Letter fr om the Teachers' _Association.

The CRAIRM&N reported that he had received a com— munication frcm Mr Upson, the secretary of the Warrington Teachers' Association stating that that he had unanimously passed the following resolution: " The time has now come when it is desirable that the association of Warrington Teachers should te recognised by the authorities of the town in all matten Concerning education and should be represented on those bodies having to do wi.h education. In aceordancs with this resolution the writer continued,it is considered epuitabel that the head teachers should elt.ct their own represen. I tatives on the Management Committee of the Pupil Teachers Centre. It is believed that such elected repre- sentation will more accurately reflect the views and opinions of the Warrington Teachers than teachers nominated in a semi public meeting. It is thought best that the head teachers should, bsfore attending a meet- ing of managers and teachers, choose their own repre- sentatives and he prepared at the general meeting to I nominate their own caadidates for the committee. After discussion it was decided on the proposition of ' Mr COREY that the following gentlemen should repre- sent the bead teachers on the Committee of Manage- ment Desch:yet. Mr Edward Wallington, Mr Upson and Mr Stanslield• Tne following gentlemen were also appointed man- agers, in addition to tho head teachers enumerated above :—Rey Canon Willis, Rev Morley Stevenson, Rev H V Pigot, Rev John Vonge, Alderman F W Monks, Major Buckton, Councillor A J Jolley,Rev A 9 Cameron and Mr F W Monks, J.P., (hon treasurer). The meeting concluded with an acknowledgment of the Chairman's services.

*. ACCIDENT AT A WIRE ROPERY.

A Warrington Man Claims Compensation. What Constitutes a Factory? An important claim unler the Workmen's Com- pensation Act of 1897, was brought before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands at the Warrington Comity Court on Thursday last week. A young man named Charles Thomas Rigby, who resides at 14, David-at., applied for compensation for injuries sustained by him in the course Of his employment at the Warrington Wire Rope Works, Limited, Bewsey-road.—Mr Browne appeared on behalf of the applicant, and the respondents ware represented by Mr Leslie Scott, barrister, of Liverpool. It appeared that the applicant, who was stated to be : an assistant overlooker, was injured on the 25th of June last year, whilst replacing a belt on a pulley in the fine , wire room at the respondents' works. His clothing was caught in the adjoining pulley and he was taken round the shafting. le consequence of the injuries he sustained his left leg had to be amputated below the knee. The knee and ankle of his right leg, the thumb of his right , hand, his right eltiow and ribs were also injured. He was thus imminently disabled. Before the accident, it was stated by the applicant, he could earn 353 per week , and since the arci4ent he had been unable to follow his ' employment. He claimed compensation at the rate of 17s 61 per week from the 9th July 1900, to January 17th ' 1901, (£lB 12s 6,1 in all), and 17a 6d for the remainder of his life. Mr Browne said there was no dispute that it was t,, appicant's duty to put on or take off the belt and understood that the defence was that toe accident not happen in the ordinary course of his employmen ' that be was guilty of wilful misconduct, and that h did not earn me wages which ha ;applicant) alleged' Mr Scott said the respondents would admit the liabil- ity, subject only to the question of the amount of com- pensation. The firm had from the outset offered the man ' half of what they:eaid were his average weekly earnings, and they were still prepared to give that amount. They admitted the liability and would accept the judgment of the court in respect to the amount. Tne reason for them taking this course was that the applicant refused to accept the offer and they regarded the accident as the result of what they thought was misconduct within the meaning of the Act. He (Mr Scott) bid inspected the ' place and considered the circumetances, and he was of Opinion that although it was gross negligence, applicant', , conduct was not wilful misconduct within the exact meaning of the Act and he was advised to admit the liability. His Honour : Do you dispute Van amount he earns ? Mr Scott : Yes, we say his average weekly earnings were 17s 2d. The applicant was an ordinary workman and not an assistant overlooker. We offered to take him back as soon as he was well, at his old wages. Mr Browne said the man had a standing wage of 21s per week but he had drawn as much as 30s above his ordinary wages in overtime. Mr Scott said the man's wages were 3s 81 per day. He had a statement of the wages earned by him during the 12 months pre- vious to the accident, which included ordinary time and overtime in the factory. The reaeein for the discrepancy between the amounts was that the applicant earned a certain amount of extra wages not in the factory at all but in another business also c trried on by the respon- dents, which business was not a bulimia within the Compensation Act. He submitted that in calculating his wages the applicant was not entitled to take into account, overtime which was made in a business to which the Act did not apply. His Honour : What is the other business ? Mr. Scott : It is a business in which netting is made by hand. NI machinery at all is employed. The busi- ness by itself is one which would not come within the Act, and if the man had been injured by working at that business he would net have been entitled to compensa- tion at all. Mr. Browne contended very strongly that the applicant was entitled to take the overtime into account. The whole works was a factory and they could not say one part was a factory and another was not. It was certi- fied a factory by the Inspector. The injury was sus Wind on premises and in course of work within the Act. Supposing the man had said he would not do the over time, he would have been dismissed from the works. Re had worked overtime continuously for three years. Mr Browne rnentioled tho fact that the respondents had been exceedingly courteous to him and the overtime was the only. question between them. The applicant then gave evidence. He said he was an assistant overlooker, being paid 3s a week more than ordinary workmen. Cie went to work in the hand net- ting department at the request of Mr Chadwick, the manager of the works. The band-netting shed was about eight yards away from the place in which he was working before. There was only one entrance to the works, and the shed was within the wall which sur- rounded the whole of the premises. He had earned as much as 304 per week by the overtime, which be worked ever" night and on Saturday afternoons. The Factory Act regulations were posted up a:, the entrance of the works. Mr. Scott said that the twee wages includine time and overtime averaged 15u 21 per week. Applicant was therefore entitled to a maximum of 7s 7d. At this point,his Honour in order to facilitate matters decided to visit the works. On his return. Evidence was given by William Pimblett,He said the, worked in the netting sheds during mealtimes and after Ithey bad finished work in the factory at 8.30. They also worked on Saturday afternoons. Mr Scott : It is worse than a barrister's life. /rank Wright, a bench hand in the netting shed, said

===== 0002601_19010125_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
.. ;L; FREE SAPIPLE CASE , /„.te-- A", 7 , CONTA!MING LOAF' or MANIW . ___diellii, ~, 154 READ. pAcnrrs or MANHU . ..,... r.a.... r., ..—L vr- : ... %/MEAT. BARLEY ....--- 4 , ' el- A >, RICE. TAPlOCitt,er .." , ~ 7 74 Olija,"sEitC:Tmli ef 0 ; , rigt 4 i 2tit„, 4.. 0 ...-z-,-; pt de St' ..N.l Ad"' / e 4 -4 1 'el 1,441#01' aU . / :,% 0.,,,, __Ay; ' ,- . •.. -4 0 ete,frui , ;, ' 144',00' ' MI:kV- " t,•.:t , 0- -• ens ' h 4,-4,401/111fir •Fa• ' 1 0 .-----6- ---,1/4 , smo.oul/41.L.Firtgo , evEF,,,,.2a 0, —mad

===== 0002601_19010125_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ViCA7-117141. GUI f.'141 MA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
1 W 77 W ,4,i • " "); '.01,14:,%, • • . A • • " ' • - • (.1 , • ' • ; zo, - • 14s, LLSII4,I"'T

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick tleadane, CanstillaVon, Wind,

'Weak Stomach, impaireLl aigestim

Bison:end Viler & FemaLe AR/lents.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in b 070.5. l. 11d. (59 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
417.4:**+.4x,***1 2 • * viz a.,

,•••••(•••

til Xi

iti k

4; I 1 t•' A

C' I 41

C:.

F;..z

•••••••• • • • • • • • • i'Oesee• so so so.•• so so • 0.• ••• ••• f.• •••••• O.* 0.4. •••0 * • • •

===== 0002601_19010125_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
C•444•••••••••_••••••_•••.••• Ave•AK: •••••• • • • • 4:

===== 0002601_19010125_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\•,. tl

===== 0002601_19010125_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
• • w i•••••••tqW_ ...415411i, Vtl

TOWLE & STEEL P""P"ALPILLS FOR ', FEMALE S. QIIICELY corinuoB ALL ramnatmenrmrs, EMOTE Aim. onsvuumnons' and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li & 2j9 (conftMs three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 84 stamps, by E. T. TO WLE & .iaanufactuvers, Dryden tit,. Nottingham. Beware o Imitations, iarimis and worfhlns

===== 0002601_19010125_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
i•_•;

~........ +..5.,

Psi)•••••• \ • •

MANLY it E'N Why suffer' from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for rny book, which shows haw every ipso, young aud old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STONACIf MEDICINH or ELECTRICITY.

Specimen.: of letters received, aud ovaranteed genui "I cannot And words to express ow am. I used to think I never would ges enrol I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.—Cl.F M." " I nave curl -A out Four Instructions, and am now pet fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Ureat Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Success

===== 0002601_19010125_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ED

I Pharrnitenotleal

Strealit. 4

Ca 1! b 0 Nothing steadies the nerves and clears tho br lik2 a cs strong cup of SYYLIT.NG-TON'S }0 Edinburgh Cc:ire:4 T-.7,,5:.nc0 In 0, ..,bot,s2tlcs from all Grocers. 02 Q

===== 0002601_19010125_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19010125_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S REIGN.

The following is a brief summary of the fm. portant events during the reign of Queen Victoria:—

Her Majesty was born at Kensington Palace on 24th May, 1819, being the only child of the Duke of Kent, fourth son of George 111. Her mother, who was a widow when she married the Duke, was Victoria Mary Louisa, daughter of his Serene Highness the Duke of Saxe-Coburg Saalfeld, and sister of Prince Leopold, King of the Belgians. Her bringing up was characterised by great sim- plioity. Hex playmate was the Princess Feodore, her half-sister. Before she was a year old she lost her father, who died through receiving a severe chili; but the young Princess enjoyed the inestimable blessing of having a thoughtful, wise, and loving mother. The Rev. George Davys, afterwards Bishop of Peterborough, was chosen as her preceptor. The Duchess of Kent early familiarised her illus- trious daughter with the features of her own country, interesting her in it by personal visits to its chief cities and towns. The Princess attained her legal majority on the 24th May, 1837. Her last appearance at Court as Princess Victoria was at the drawing-room in honour of the King's birth- day, May 29,1837.

.71,,,s-"/C...:,..• ...",:,',.... ..; .;',....11,4 - 4:',...44 vAly , :., .v.; , - . , . 1\ 7// , . , . , aCsig eoff 7-__ a flag, •-• p , -._ \;--

===== 0002601_19010125_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
1537.-THE QUEEN'S ACCESSION.

The death of William IV. on 20th June, 1837, raised Victoria to the throne of the British Empire at the early age of 18. The young Queen was fortunate in possessing Ministers whose sound ad- vice she wisely deferred to. The Duke of Sussex and Viscount Melbourne were the chief of these, Lord Melbourne, who was then Premier, represent- ing what is now known as the Liberal party. The Queen's first Privy Council was held on the morning of the 21st.

The Princess Victoria was formally proclaimed Queen of Great Britain and Ireland on the 21st of June, from St. James's Palace, amid scenes of great rejoicing; and on the 17th July she paid her first visit to the House of Lords for the purpose of pro- roguing Parliament. Her Majesty was attired in a splendid white satin robe, with the ribbon of the Garter crossing her shoulder, and a magnificent tiara of diamonds on her head. From the first the Queen entered fully into all business matters brought before her by the Prime Minister. She would know the why and the wherefore of everything. Indeed, one authority says that Melbourne was heard to declare that he would rather have 10 kings to manage than one Queen.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
1838.

Her Majesty's coronation took place on 28th June of this year. Preparations were made for it on a scale of unusual magnificence, although the actual ceremony was shorn of many ancient and expensive features. On the eventful morning the streets were crowded with people to view the imposing procession. The scene inside West- minster Abbey was a most brilliant one. Observed of all ebservers moved the girlish figure of the Queen, calm, self-possessed, and placid advancing with conscious dignity and a firm tread, a little pale, and very solemn. There, amidst the mightiest of the living, and surrounded by the grandest memorials of the mightiest dead, the fair girl, from whose brow the sunny gaietyof childhood had scarcely passed away, took upon herself the awful responsibilities of empire. To the corona- tion succeeded great festivities all the country over. 1839.

This was in many ways a famous year. In it was passed the Act for suppressing slave-trading, and slavery was abolished in the West Indies; in it the great Corn Law political agitation, which had commenced in the preceding year, attained more formidable proportions; in it the Govern- ment determined to adopt Rowland Hill's penny postage system. The railway system was by this time making enormous strides, and steam naviga- tion began, for the first time, to assume its real inteinational importance. Troubles were threaten- ing Canada, an Anglo-Indian army was fighting in Asia, and the Chartist disturbances were causing much uneasiness at home. Riots in connection with these occurred in Lancashire and elsewhere and had to be suppressed by the military. In 1839, too, a fearful hurricane raged along our coast, destroying enormously lives, ships and property. Then there was the important event of the Queen's betrothal to her cousin his Serene Efigbness Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg Gotha. The Prince had acquired a reputation, not only as a scholar, but as a man of science, and it was a rod day for England when he came to guide with his sagacious counsel and his high moral character the lady who sat on the throne.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
1840.

This year was notable as that in which New Zea- land became a British colony, and on the 27th April the foundation-stone of the new Houses of Parliament was laid. It also saw the inauguration of the Penny Post. The Tithe battle was raging in Parliament at this time; vaccination was then first enforced, and the barbarous custom of chim- ney-sweeping by children under 16 years of age was done away with. The Royal marriage was solemnised at St. James's Palace on the 10th February. The wed- ding ceremony was one of unusual interest, for more than a century had elapsed since the nuptials of a reigning Queen of England had been cele- brated, besides which the youth and grace of Vic- toria had touched all loyal hearts. The Queen wore on her head a wreath of orange blossoms and a veil of Honiton lace, with a necklace and earrings of diamonds. Her dress was of white satin, with a very deep trimming of Honiton lace, in design similar to that of the veil. The body and sleeves were richly trimmed with the same material, to correspond. The train, which was of white satin, was trimmed with orange blossoms. The cost of the lace alone on the Queen's dress was £l,OOO. Both Houses of Parliament congratulated her Majesty on her choice of a Consort. Lord John Russell moved that an annual sum of £50,000 be granted as a provision to Prince Albert, but Mr. Joseph Huxue said that £21,000 per annum would be quite enough; and ultimately an amendment by Colonel Sibthorp that the grant should be for £30,000 was carried, being supported by Sir Robert Peel and most of the Conservative members. Neither her Majesty nor her husband expected to find life easy in their exalted station. The Court rejoicings had been denounced by the Chartists as heartless and wasteful in a year of distress, and influenced thereby, perhaps, a wretched, half-crazy barman, a mere lad, named Edward Oxford, who, while on Constitution Hill on 10th June, fired a pistol at her Majesty, as she was riding by with the Prince. Oxford fired a second shot, but it, like the first, passed over her Majesty's head. The man was seized by those who stood near. He was tried, pronounced mad, and sent to Bedlam.

The first child—the Princess Royal—was born to the Queen at Buckingham Palace on 21st November of the same year.

I'

1841. Perhaps the most remarkable event of this year was the change of Ministry, consequent on the de- feat of the Whig Government, Sir Robert Peel taking Lord Melbourne's place as Prime Minister. The Queen's parting with Lord Melbourne was a' very trying one on both aides, her Majesty regard- ing her Premier as "a faithful and attached friend as well as Minister."

On November 9, Lord Mayor's Day, the Prince of Wales saw the light, and on the birth of an heir to the throne there was great rejoicing. The christening of the Prince of Wales in St. George's Chapel at Windsor was a very imposing ceremony. Probably there never was a period in her Majesty's life when she was more )fonndly happy than at

pro' this time. 1842. This year was a troublous one. The blind paa- 'ions of political partisans found vent in riot and destruction. The distress amongst the labouring poor W2A worse than_ever..atrikea abounded in .the

manufacturing districts, there was war In China and rebellion in India, and the Corn Law agitation at home added to the political strife. Trade was at a standstill. It was not, therefore, without a shadow over her happiness that the Queen opened Parliament in person on the 3rd of February. Two attempts to assassinate the Queen were made this year, both while she was out driving. Her Majesty's first visit to Scotland— the land she learned to love so well—was made this year.

1843. By this time the Afghan War was nearing Its end. The war with China terminated in a com- mercial treaty between the two countries, the consequences of which have tended to mutual advantage and prosperity. Ireland was on the verge of rebellion, and the Repeal party under O'Connell were holding what were then first named Monster meetings. The Rebecca riots were commenced in Wales, directed against toll-bars, and carried on with singular success and secrecy, in defiance of both soldiers and police. In this year another daughter was born to the Queen— Princess Alice Maud Mary. 1844. _ _

One of the chief events of this year was the visit to the Queen of Louis Philippe, Bing of the French. Her Majesty's Imperial godfather, Nicholas, Czar of All the Russias, was also in London this year. On the 6th August the Queen gave birth to a son at Windsor Castle, who was christened Alfred Ernest Albert, being afterwards created Duke of Edinburgh.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
! 1, ' ',l _r --

1845.

An abundant harve;,-;astlimprovements in commerce, trade, and manufactures, railway enter- prise assuming gigantic proportions—these were the hopeful signs of the new year. The settlement of the great Corn Law question was seen to be imperative towards the close of 1845, and Sir Robert Peel resigned office in order that Lord John Russell and the Whigs might come in and grapple with this vexed question. Lord John was unable to form a Ministry, however, and on the sth of December Sir Robert Peel returned to power. He courageously resolved to abolish the Corn Laws, and although by doing so he incurred great odium with his party, the country generally acknowledged with gratitude his great and disin- terested services.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
1846.

The debate on the question which ushered in the new year lasted for a number of nights, and was of a deeply historic character. But, although Mr. Disraeli said bitter things of his changed opinions, Peel triumphed, the Bill passed the third reading by 327 votes against 229, and the Corn Laws were swept away. The state of Ireland was becoming a very alarming one. On the 25th of May baby fingers once more appeared in the Royal ,nursery, and Princess Helena Augusta Victoria took her place in the affections of the 'English people.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
1847.

The resignation of Sir Robert Peel took place. At Windsor corn was sold for £3l a load. This country was not the only sufferer; food riots and death from starvation were frightfully common on the Continent.

In this year the Royal family made a tour round the West Coast of Scotland on board the yacht Victoria and Albert. The Queen also spent some days at Hatfield House, _

1848. This was a stormy year, witnessing as it did an upheaval among the States of Europe. In our own country the General Election of 1847 had given a new Ministry and a Budget, which, showing a serious diminution of the public revenue, necessi- tated an addition to the income-tax. This raised a fierce storm of popular indignation, and it had to be withdrawn. Chartist disturbances again took place. Under one Feargus O'Connor a great gathering was held on Kennington Common, which threatened to be so serious that soldiers were called out and held in readiness, unseen, but under arms; 15,000 special constables were sworn in, shops were closed, artillery prepared, &c., &c. It ended in the dispersion of the Chartists without blows, and the reception in Parliament of a huge petition, which was found to have, not as had been so noisily asserted, five millions of signatures, but under two millions, and of these a large number were fictitious. Thus ended what was to have been the great English Revolution. Another child was born to the Queen amid those troublous time—her fourth daughter, Princess Louise. 1849.

The most important occurrence that this year witnessed was the Queen's long-expected visit to Ireland. She was given a very enthusiastic wel- come to Irish soil, and during their tour through the country the Royal family were received with acclamation and loyally appreciative speeches. And this although the land was still suffering from distress and political commotion. The cholera made awful ravages this.year. In September prayers for its removal were offered up in all the churches, and in some distriota days of humiliation were appointed. It was estimated that up to October 2 the deaths by cholera registered in London were 13,161, and. the /sth of the same month was ordered by Royalwo- clamation to be observed throughout the kingdom as a day of thanksgiving for the e-Agsation o the scourge. 1350.

In the merry month of May Prince Arthur, now Duke of Strathearn and Connaught, was bona. .

The middle year of the century was likewise marked by the deaths of two distinguished men— Sir Robert Peel, an old and tried friend of the Queen, and one of her chief advisers for many years; and his Royal Highness the Duke of Cam- bridge, the bluff old uncle of her Majesty. 1851.

This year will ever be memorable as that in which was opened by her Majesty the first of our great International Exhibitions, a lasting, solid, and substantial benefit to the nation, and for which a debt of affection and gratitude will ever be due to its Royal projector, Prince Albert. After all its cost was paid a surplus remained of £150,000, which was subsequently spent in the purchase of that land on which now stands South Kensington National Galleries and Museums. A striking feature of the year was the excitement created by the discovery of gold in Australia, and between the February of 1849 and the end of the year 1851 there was such a rush of emigrants from this country to the Australian gold-fields as had ever before been witnessed. Lord John Russell's Administration resigned, but in obedience to the Queen's wishes again took office.

1852.

The Reform Bill was introduced by Lord John Russell, who a few days later resigned, and the Derby Administration succeeded. After enjoying a pleasant trip to the Continent, the Court removed to Rzlmoral, where the Queen was deeply grieved to receive inteltigence of the death of the Duke of Wellington at the patriarchal age of 83. In December the Derby-Disraeli Government fell upon its Budget. Lord <-6erdeen became Prime Minister, Mr. Gladstone being Chancellor of the Exchequer for the first time. 1853.

The eighth child of her Majesty, and her fourth son—Leopold, afterwards Duke of Albany—was born in April. At the end of August the Queen and Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, crossed over to Dublin, to visit the Exhibition of Art and Industry which had been opened in the Irish capital. The Royal visitors remained in the Irish capital for a week, evincing great interest in the various native manufactures and industries.

The Crinlman War broke out, and all the country was plunged into feverish excitement as to the doings in the Crimea. Her Majesty felt very keenly the haedships endured by the troops and the prolonged siege of Sebastopol, and she was deeply grieved at the blundering and mismanagement that there went on. Bread riots occurred over the country in conse- quence of the price of the loaf being raised from 4d. to 9d. Lord John Russell again introduced the Reform Bill.

1855. Lord Palmerston was called to power on the re- signation of Lord John Russell. The Queen watched the events with the most eager interest, and she and all her anbjects rejoiced when Sebasto- pol fell ou 8 Lit oeptember. In April her Majesty received a visit from her Imperial ally, the Em- peror of the French, and in August the Queen VIM in Paris.

1856. On the last day of January her Majesty opened Parliament in person under auspicious circum- stances. Shortly afterwards the war was at an end. The Victoria Cross was founded, being east from metal of Russian guns.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
1857.

In July of this year the news of the Sepoy rising In India fell like a. thunderclap, with its scenes of violence an revengeful, barbarous cruelty, to be sternly repressed by the gallant soldiers under Sir Colin Campbell and Sir Henry Havelock. There were also hostilities with China. The Princess Beatrice was born on April 14th. 1858.

The event in the circle at Windsor this year was the marriage of the Princess Royal to Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The Queen this year visited Birmingham. The feverish interest with which the progress of the war against the Sepoy rebels was followed in England continued to prevail. News of the death of Havelock caused the deepest grief, but the close of the year saw the final suppression of the Mutiny. The war in China also c•me to a fortunate end.

There was again a change of Governmei,t, Lord Derby taking office. 1859.

This was an exciting year. France and Austria engaged in a bloody conflict, of which Garibaldi was the hero.

The Ministry were several times defeated on the Reform Bill, and at last gave way to Lord Palmer- ston, who again came into office, and remained Premier for several years. The Queen's first grandchild was born at Berlin in January of this year, herself being only 40 years of age. 1860.

The Prince of Wales visited North America, where he was enthusiastically welaomed by all except a few riotous Orangemen. In the United States his Royal Highness net with a reception hardly less satisfactory. 1861.

The Queen now lost her dear mother, the Duchess of Kent, an event which threw her into great grief. But a greater trial was in store for her Majesty, for before the year was out she was a widow. Everywhere there was long and genuine mourning for the "blameless Prince." Lord John Russell took his seat in the Upper House as Earl Russell. Disturbing influences arose abroad, the chief being the outbreak of the Civil War in America. Ireland was for a third time hotioured with a visit from her Majesty, the Prince of Wales being at this time serving in the Curragh Camp. 1862.

The American Civil War, bringing disaster to Lancashire this year in the shape of a Cotton Famine, let politicians see that it would not do to neglect our colonial trade in the interests of foreign trade. In February of this year the Prince of Wales went on a lengthened tour in the East.

1863. This year is memorable as that which saw the heir to England's throne united in wedlock to the "Sea-king's daughter from over the sea," the Princess Alexandra. The marriage took place on 10th March at Windsor, amid great rejoicings in every corner of the land. The July of this year saw the Princess Alice united in marriage to the Prince of Hesse.

In October the Queen went to Aberdeen to un- veil a statue of the Prince Consort. The tomb which the Queen erected for her beloved husband cost upwards of £200,000, which was entirely de- frayed from her Majesty's privy purse.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
1864.

A joyful but unexpected event occurred at Frog- more on the Bth January, when the Princess of Wales was prematurely confined of a son, Prince Albert Victor. . .

—.., ...,—.. A war which had been raging for some time be- ween Germany and Denmark was brought to an end. 1865.

It was in this year that the American Civil War came happily to a close and President Lincoln was shot through the held while sitting at his box in the theatre by an actor named Wilkes Booth. On October 18 died Lord Palmerston.

The year closed with a great personal loss to her Majesty in the death of her uncle, King Leopold. Richard Cobden also died.

1866. In February the Queen attended a state cere- mony for the first time since her husband's death, when she opened Parliament. Mr. Gladstone in- troduced a 'Reform Bill in March, but in Jane the Government had to resign. Then Lord Derby's third Administration commenced.

- G-r-e;tiiteft;m—cie—m—m;;t—rat—iols--;ere held through. out the country. 1867.

The Queen again came forth from her seclusion in February, 1867, when she once more opened Parliament in person. Fenian risings attracted considerable attention, resulting in the outrage at Clerkenwell Prison to rescue two members of the organisation, when great damage was done by the explosion. 1868. Lord Derby having resigned, Mr. Disraeli was appointed Premier. Later on Parliament was dis- solved, and as the elections resulted in a large Liberal majority Mr. Gladstone formed a Cabinet and took office. The Duke of Edinburgh visited Australia, where a Fenian attempt was made upon his life.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
1869.

This year saw the Irish Church disestablished by Parliament, and the formal opening of the Suez Canal. O'Donovan Roma was returned as member for Tipperary, but he was not able to take his seat. Among the deaths which brought sad- ness was that of the Earl of Derby. 1870 _ _

Opened with a frightful disaster at sea, caused by a collision between the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Bombay and the United States corvette Oneida. Mr. Forster's Elementary Education Bill was introduced during this year's session.

Post-cards were issued for the first time; and another noteworthy incident was the conviction of Michael Davitt and his sentence to fifteen years' penal servitude. Charles Dickens, the great modern novelist, died this year. The year 1870 has its place in history strongly marked, for in it broke out the great war between France and Germany, which ended in the overthrow of the Napoleonic dynasty.

1871. The war rapidly came to an lend, and the King of Prussia assumed the title of Emperor of Ger- many. In this year was decided the famous Alabama case of arbitration between this country and America.

The Prince of Wines had a long and severe illness from typhoid fever at the close of the year, which at one time threatened to end fatally. 1872.

On 13th February a crazy Irish lad, maddened by the Fenian horror, threatened the Queen with an empty pistol to induce her to read a petition demanding the release of Fenian prisoners. In the same month a Thanksgiving Service took place for the recovery of the Prince of Wales, followed by a general illumination in the evening. A notable event of the year was the passing of the Ballot Act. In the beginning of the year Lord Mayo, Governor General of India, was assassinated, and was succeeded by Lord North- brook. 1873

Was a tranquil and prosperous year. A famine in India was amongst its sa=est events. In January Napoleon 111., who had taken up his residence amongst us, died, after a painful illness, at Chislehurst. The war in Ashantee was com- menced. 1874.

There was no striking event this year beyond a change in the Ministry. Parliament was unexpect- edly dissolved, and as the result of the elections placed Mr. Gladstone in an hopeless minority, he resigned, and Mr. Disraeli formed a Cabinet. At St. Petersburg in January was celebrated the marriage of the Duke of Edinburgh with the Grand Duchesse Marie Alexandrcvna, only daughter of the Emperor of Russia. In May the Czar, Alexander 11., visited England, and was everywhere greeted most cordially. 1875

Was a comparatively uneventful period. Mr. Gladstone retired from leadership of Liberal party, and Lord Hartington was selected in his place. The Prince of Wales left to make a tour through India; and in November Mr. Disraeli made his famous purchase of the Suez canal Shares. 1876.

Lord Lytton succeeded Lord Northbrook as Viceroy, and the Queen was proclaimed Empress Of India. Mr. Disraeli was created Earl of Beaconsfield, and Sir Stafford Northcote became leader of the House of Commons. An insurrection against Turkish oppression broke out in Bulgaria, and the atrocities that were there committed 4acited much indignati=in this country.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A M FRI)) AY, JANUARY 26 1901.

LATEST NEWS. Great Fire at Montreal.

Million Pounds Damage. Twenty Firemen :njured. MONTREAL, Wednesday. A disastrous fire broke out thla evening in the heart of the wholesale trade district of the city. There was a high wind, and so fierc3 were the flames that Ivan the start it could rot be got under control. In the end the entire block bounded by St Peter-street, Sacrament-street, St Nicbolis-3treet, and St Paul-street was gutted.

Among theimany valuable structures destroyed is the magnificent Boari of Trade buil Bags, which cost a million dollars. About 20 firemen were in- jured by the collapse of walls. The total damage is estimated at a million sterling.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

Runcorn Volunteers.

• The following privates of the Runcorn Detachment of the 2nd Cheshire Rifle Volunteers have offered their ser- vices for the front :--S Lane' A Raw!loam, L J Hughes, l 5 Griffiths, H 8 Rowland, J Hargreaves, R Looker, W Freeman, J Gilgrass, J Goulden, W Looker, P J West, 1M Mellor, T Mellor, F Dsvies, T IMitcheson, H Hill, and F Holt, The names of the men were forwarded to iheadquarters at Chester on Friday evening. I Runcorn Soldiers Relief Fund.

We have been furnished by Mr. Marshall, Honoraryi Secretary to the Soldiers and Sailors Families Relief Fund, with the following particulars as to the position the local account :—About £3OO has been expended by the local Soldiers and Sailors Families Association in, assisting wives, children, and dependents of the soldiersl at the front, or of those who may have been called no -0 jin the colours. The sum of £B5O has been sent to he County Fund, and the balance in the Trees urer'sJ bands amounts to nearly £BOO. As hag been previously stated, this is being retained to continue to assist the local cases as previously and also to deal with any cases ,at Runcorn eoldiers who may come back permanently disabled by wounds or disease.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Casualties.

The War Office on Monday night issued the following.l —lst South Lancashire Regiment : Private Robert Howick, died from entsric, at Mooi Rivar, January 19.' The following is dangerously ill foal enterio : South Lancashire Regiment : ? Private J Etherington, at Mooi River, January 19, Cheshire Regiment Private' C Beresford, disease not stated, at Bloemfontein, January 19,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
A Tornado at Mafeking. Warrington Ambulance Man's Unenviable Experience.

Captain Waring, of Latchford House, has received a: , :otter from Private G Kelly, of the Imperial Yeomanry,' who is one of the Warrington Ambulance Corns now on, duty in South Africa. It is dated " Imperial Yeomanry' Hospital, Deelfontein, Cape Colony." The writer says he had an attack of enteric before being made prisoner! at Lichtenburg. He was sent to Mafeking and Was in! bed when the celebrated tornada broke over the district ['heir teat was one of the first to be blown away, andi the gale took his blankets as well. He was over 20 minutes exposed to the storm. At first it was sand andl then rain in torrents. The wind was carrying tents and, kits about the camp like fury, and he lost all lois' kit and clothes except the one shirt he had on,and every man in hospital lost his kit. He never saw such a storm lbefore. The night was pitch dark, but they could see everything distinctly because the lightning flashed leearly every second. He was taken from there to the .Itation, and the following morning to the nrivate Victoria Hospital. He left there on September 2nd for Deelfontein, the Imperial Yeomanry Hospital, and • rrived there on the 4th. The good food and nursing ..00n brought him round, and he felt his own self again after having had pneumonia and enteric together and a ,relapse of dysentery. The doctor would not allow him, 'to go to the front again and he could not send him home, be put him on the staff as orderly. It was "orderlies irat and others after" here. The hospital is the best in both Africa. There is everything in it one can desire, .nd the patients are very well cared for. Captain Cros- ield is in hospital here also, convalescent from enteric.' Choy had a splendid dinner here on Christmas Day ml :the Imperial Yeomanry Theatre, and the sergeants and other non-crimmissioned officers waited upon them. At night a minstrel troupe performed in the theatre and laera on Thursday. Friday and Saturday there was a play entitled " Prude's Progress," which was a grea success.

leo

iThey

===== 0002601_19010125_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
CANAL DANGERS AT RUNCORN.

Saddening Inquests.

Coroner Dobson, sat at Runcorn police court on Mon- day afternoon last,in inquiry regarding the causes of th deaths of Thomas Lightfoot, dock labourer, of Runcorne, and Paul Jaey, late mate of the schooner " Lancashire ILad," whose body has been missing since December 18th1 last, on which date it was reported he had fallen into, the Ship Canal, at Runcorn. The same jury acted in' both caies returning open verdicts, The following was the evidence arliuced _ . A LABOURER'S SAD END. . _

Charles Whittle, deputy eta lodging-house in Fryer I street, Runcorn, deposed that Thomas Lightfoot came to reside there on the previous Thursday, and stayed until Saturday morning without any unusual behaviour. On Sunday he got up about 7 e'clook, did not partake of any breakfast. Whilst sitting in the kitchen he said to wi nese "I will alter this game or do something," but wit- ness did not attach any importance to the words. Shortly after he left the house looking a little depressed, and witnese did not again see him alive.—A Juror: Did you know the" game" be meant when he used the word" game P"—Witness : Certainly not. Frank Lightfoot, chemical labourer, Pritchards'-row, Fleatb-road, Westoe identified the body viewed by the jury as that of his brother Thomas. He had bleu living lin Runcorn for many years ; was a deck labourer, and 65 or 68 years of age. Witness had not seen him for the Ipast 7or 8 months. He thought deceased was a little' upset in his mind because he had been living apart fromi his family for some time ; beyond that he had no reason to think he would take his own life.

slnet

IgPeter Johason, waterman, Hitchnaough's Court': Regent-street, testified to seeing the body floating in thej Rope VValk Basin on the Bridgewater canal at about 9, o'clock, on Sunday morning. He gave information of ithe dscovery to the Lock-tender and the Police. I Police Constable Henry Wilson, who conveyed the 'body to the mortuary, gave evidence to the effect the. IVA body appeared very limp and as if it had been in the, !water for some time. there were no !narks of violence I ;upon it. On searching the clothing nothing whatever; was discovered.

kZthe

The jury returned a verdict of '• found drowsed."

===== 0002601_19010125_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CANAL GIVES Ur ITS DBAD,

William Shaw, Sai!Q.'s htssionary, at Runcorn, iden- tifled ths subject at' this inquiry as the body of Paul Jaey, 22, Mansed-coart, Guernsey. Witness had known him to be mate of the Schooner " Lancashire Lad" when, lit was lying in the ship Canal, at Runcorn, in December; ast, Ein met the man cainially and was told by him that I he was leaving the "Lancashire Lad" and going to have, a bit of a holiday. Witness gave him some advice andi invited him up to tho Mission entertainment the same; night. According to a discharge witness had, deceased, was a pensioner in the Rayal Naval Reserve, and about, 49 years of age, having been born in April 1851--Thel paper was handed up to the Coroner.—Toe Coroner to witness : How did you become possessed of these ?--, Witness : The Captaio of the " Lancashire Lad" passed all his clothes and effects on t mc, on production of a letter written from deceased's mother to witness, after information of his missimt had been circulated 03 the 'Bth of December last.

3gWil

Frederick Goff, Waterman, 34,,Regent-street, stated' about nine o'clock that morning he was on hoard the " Incemore " whinh was moored in the Ship Canal, at Runcorn. About 940 a Manchester trader cams; past. Looking into the water he saw something bobb- ing no and down in the track of the vessel. flesh,lutedl to a ft•rman below. 4. There is a man in tbs water ; s you will bring hint to the side, I will go agd fetch th police and ambulance." He did not know decesaed. Constable Alfred Bran, swore to receiving the b)dy id removing it to the mortuary. It was in a very I visaed state of decompo.4tion. There were no marks

t)

I' viAence on the body, but there %vas a cut over tbel jright eye as from a blew from a passing steamer's pro- peller, In the pockets of the deceased was a purse can-' Itaining His sid. In this case also the jury, of which the foreman was Mr. Robert Wright, returned a verdict of " Found drowned." It will be remembered that a comrade of the de- cl•ised's left behind a statement in which he alleged the Ideceteol fell into the water, and called out, in the dark- ness, of the night of the 18th of December. The stee-, iment wee made known, to the jury, but was not sub-' inittcd as evidence.

DELICIOUS BIAZAWATTER TEA, DELICIOUS BIAZtWATTSEI TEA DELICIOUS Z kWATTBE TB A. SOLE AGENTS : HENRY MILLING AND Co., LTD, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ma" 5, RORSEACIRICET-STR SET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010125_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Fire in Orford-street—Children's Narrow Escape.

On Saturday afternoon several young women Orford-street, passing the hones of Mr. T b. Wrench, 13, Orford-street. when they noticed smoke issuing !through the partly opened door. One of them, named Florence Ratc:iffe, who resides at 13,' ITanner's-lane, entered the house and found a seal rand other furniture on fire, There were threei lyoung children in the hou6e—the mother beingi ,absent, and these were rescued and taken into thel ,street. The resouer was slightly burnt arid her, shawl damaged. The fire was soon t:xtinguishad.

DELICIOUS MAZ tWATTEN TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTBE TEA DHLICIOUS MAZAMATTER TRA

607. V. 4ENTS : -HENRY MILLING AND Co.. LTD. ELOLESALE AND R TAIL GD: DENS ETD. 5, HORSEMARICET-STREILT, WARRINGTON.

gaud

gad

ngit

===== 0002601_19010125_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

HATDOCIC PAILS RACES. Haydock Park steeplechases, Ist and 2nd 'February. For the convenience of the racing public !desirous of attending this steeplechase meeting the Great Central Railway Company announce in our 'advertising columns that they will run through 4trains from St Helens on each day running direct' to the Haydock Park (Racecourse Station) which' station adjoins the course. EMDEN DEATH OF A CHILD; The police have had reported to them the sudden' death of a child named Charles Ernest Parr, 61 months old. The child had been nursed by a Mrs' Howard of Bank-street, Earlestown, who has had, the care of it since it was two weeks old. It was, ways a weakly child and had been attended until a short time ago by Dr Gange. Shortly before 10 o'cleck on Friday the child was suddenly seized with convulsions and died before medical aid couldl be obtained. It is not expected that an inquest' will be held.

pial.

NARROW ESCAPE AT EAIILESTOWN STATION. On Saturday morning a porter named nankin had a very narraw escape from being killed at igarlestown station. He was wheeling a truck of greengrocery from ens platform to another by way of the level crossing at the end of the platform, when the Viaduct Works engine warned him that it lwas near. Rankin stopped at once, and the driver, thinking he was clear, came on, with the result that the engine step caught the truck, and pitched it clear off the rails, scattering the contents broad- cast. By some means Hankin's hand was caught' between the truck and the engine, and a severe . lacerated;wound was caused. FIRE AT EARLESTOWN. all'

Oa Friday afternoon a fire broke out in the Core, shed of Messrs. T. and T. Vicars's works at Ear covva, supposed to have been caused by the foundry =pole which it adjoins. The building being old ad dry the flames soon get a firm hold. Word was int to Messrs McCorquodale and Co., Newton, and their brigade quickly turned out,and after coupling up a stream of water was poured on to the flames. The pressure, however, was not very good and very little effect was produced. By dint of bard work the flames were finally got under and extinguished. rhe damage done is estimated at XlOO, the building being covered by insurance in the Norwich Union GRIMED YINTWIIEN BUFFERS AT EARLBSTOWN. On Saturday morning a young fellow named George Leigh employed as a painter at the Viaduct Works, was caught between the buffers of two wagons and crushed. He was werking between the wagons touching up the end of one of them. The works engine was engaged in shunting, and before putting other wagons aviinst those already in the siding, sounded a warning whistle, and Leigh came out clear of the wagons. The shunt was made,and Leigh thinking it was completed went between the t wagons again, Other wagons were sent in and Leigh was trapped. The accident was not seen by anyone, and nothing was known of it until Leigh was found lying across the rails. He has been medically attended, and is progressing as well as can be expected. ESCAPADE OF TWO BARLESTOWN BOYS. On Mondav,the parents of two youngsters named kiillard and Barlow were thrown into a state of great excitement, owing te the unaccountable absence of the lads who were only 11 years of age. Until shortly after eight o'clock in the morning, both lads were at home, but after that they could' not be found. When they did not turn up after dinner, the parents became really anxious and the aid of the police was sought. Enquiry was made by telephone in every direction, but without result and night closed in without any tidings of the truants. Next;morning the search was continued, but without success. The afternoon postal delivery brought a letter to Mr Millard, and the contents disclosed the fact that the runaways had reached the house of Mr Millard's mother at Sandbach,where they had arrived about half-past eight on Monday nignt. It is needless to say that the feelings of the nxious parents were very much relieved.

dam

11801

tos

41131

[LOYAL OLIVE BRANCH LODGE Cr ODDFELLOWS MANCHESTER UNION.

The annual meeting of this Lodge was held at the Green Dragon Inn on Thursday night last, under the presidency of PG Walter Flood. The Secretary (P P G M Alban Boyle) real the yearly balance sheet, which showed an increase in the funds to the end of December last year of .."7 163 11d. The amount received in contributions _donated to .£3OG 63 ; the total funds of the iJodge on the 31st December last being .£667 103 3d. After the usual business had been transacted, Past Grand Flood was presented with a framed past officer's certificate by PPGM Norman, on behalf of the officers and brethren of the Lodge, and in the course of his remraks said that he had always thought that the Noble Grand's services ought to be recognised in some way or other, and he some years ago suggested the presentation of these certificates, and he was glad t. say it had been carried out ever since. He thought it was an encouragement to young officers to throw more energy into their work. It was wonderful what good work could be done by young men iri a lodge like that to which they belonged, if they only put their shoulder to the wheel; He hoped that the young men of the lodge would aspire to take office —and so take a share in the good work connec- ted with the lodge. He believed that young men ought to belong to some order or another such the Manchester Unity, and it was a pleasure to him' to see so mans making provision tor the hour of .need which may overtake any of us. The object of these presentations was to induce young members of the lodge to take a keener interest in oidfellow- ship and he could say of P G Flood that he had known him from a youth and he had always found him most diligent in the duties he had to perform, and he felt sure that his efforts on behalf of his lodge had given every satisfaction and. te'hoped the presentation would remind him (P G Flood) of the many happy hours he had spent amongst his fellow oddfellows. P G Flood in acknowledging the presentation expressed his thankfulness for the kind expressions concerning himself and for the beautiful certificate of merit which they had been pleased to give him. He had tried to do his duty to the best of his ability and if in the future there was anything he could do for the benefit of odd- ellowship he would only be too glad to do it.

NI Secre

, g.£o7

Ia no U I

Area

as.

The Work of the Sunday School Teacher. On Monday evening the quarterly meeting of thei lunday School Teachers' Association was held in St. Inn's schoolroom, when an address upon "The pre- iaration of a lesson " was given by the Rev Morley keveuson. The Rev James Davies presided, and ithers present were the Revs EC E Carleton, E R Tarbuck, W Pollock-Hill, W Bracecarnp, G Vale 1 'Owen, W A Knight, and 0 W Dickenson.—Toe Rev 'A Stevenson said the work of a Sunday school teacher fell naturally into two important parts. `irst, of all there was the spiritual side of the work, and secondly there was the technizal side. Of those two undoubtedly the first was by far the more im- portant. However goad they might be in the tech- nicalities ot the subject, however skilled in the art of instruction, however they might have studied ithe science of education, unless they came as Sun- day school teachers by the help of God's Holy 'Spirit, in the spirit of prayer, with spiritual preparation completed, he ventured to think their lesson would not be very successful. He was not going to sneak to them of that most important part of the Sunday scholl teachers preparation. All-important though it might be, it was not for them to neglect the technical part of the work. As Sunday school teachers they were simply God's instrument, and it was their duty to itio all that in the.n lay to perfect the instrument for the work it had to accomplish. They could do so by the study ot the technical side of the teachers work. If they could make their lesson more fruit- ful, intelligent, intelligible, interesting and practical it would be wrong for them to neglect such oppor- tunities as these. To teach well or speak well they must prepare themselves very no, oughly. He had a very strong feeling in favour of what was called a preparation class. It they could only get their Sun- day school teachers under the guidance of the clergy to study the subject matter of the lesson that was going to be given throughout, the sThool,tbe teachers bringing forward their daculties and asking questions and the clergy explaining and pointing to fruitful lessons to be drawn from the various passages and illustrating with pictures, mans, diagrams, &c., he could not help thinking to at s'llli a meeting or class would tend very much to the improvement of the preparation of the lesson. The Chairman and the Revs EC C E Carleton and E R Tarbuck spoke appreciatively of Mr Stevenson's address, and on the motion of the Chairman the cordial thanks of the meeting were tendered to him,

.01A111

,10t, Tani

wand

deo

it.p

!ryika

DELICIOUS MAZ&VIT4IVEL4 TBS. DELICIOUS MAZIWATTEE TEA. DELICIOUS ATAZkVirATTGETH SornoFNrs: HENRY MI LINO. AND Co LTD. WHOLE9ALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ET., 5 BORSEMAT.KF:T SPECC,

===== 0002601_19010125_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL

IDiscussion on the Lighting Question. A rneetine of the Great Sankey Parish Council wag !held in the Board School on Tuesday evening, Mr T Ilalton presiding over a full attendance. STMPATHY WITH THE ROYAL FAMILY. The Chairman said that before commencing the busi- aess of tha meeting be should like to mention the very - sad event of the sudden illness of their beloved Queen, and as Chairman he moved that the Council tendered their heartfelt symeathy with the members of the Royal Family. They knew that the minds of all must be centred, in view of the grave news received that morn- ing, upon the contemplation of the illness of her Majesty, who had had a long and pure reign, and had always had at heart the prosperity ot the people of the country. Mt Wriget seconded, and the resolution was carried in silence. I THE LIGHTING QIIIISTION—LAMPS TO UN EBECTID. The Clerk said be had written to Mr F (eider, &acre tary of the Corporation Gas Department, asking him for tbe cost per annum of eight lamps inclusive of lighting and extinguishing and the cost of the earns number of lamps exclusive of lighting and extinguishing. He had received a reply stating that the cost in the first instance would be 53e 9d per annum and in the second instance 38t. He hut also had corres- pondence with other gentlemen with reference to the lighting question. Mr. Cooks I propose that we leave the whole matter to the Rural District Council. The Chairman objected most stronelv to this proposi- tion and pointed out thet the parish of Sankey bad no: made any progressive strides fir a long tirue, espeeially with regard to the lighting question. The parish of Great Sankey was the only paean for a considerable dis- tance around Warrington whin was not sufficiently lighted. Mr Wright thouglat the laedoweers who would materi- ly benefit by the erection of lamps should bi asked to intribete towards the cost. Tee Chairman sail it was time they took steps in Ithe matter. If they:did not,the Rural District Council or some other equally powerful body would step in and enforce the erection of lamps. This would be putting a heavy debt upen the shoulders of the ratepayers. He proposed that the Council at once proceeded with the erection of nine lamps. Mr Wright seconded and the mo' ion was carried with only one dissentient (Mr Cook). It was decided to leave the question of lighting and extinguishing in the hands of the Rural District Council

linens

gland

j4lfl

InCoi

isome

INDIGESTION AND ANEMIA. QUICKEsT AND MOST CERTAIN CURE IS VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. THE FOLLOWING LET TER FROM HUDDERSFIELD' WILL PROVE mis BEYOND QUESTION. NO 0 THEM MEDICINE HAS EVER PERFORMED SUCH REMARKABLE CURES. Ind igestlou is the result of a weak stomach. The symptoms are, pain and falness after eating, with a sore and tender feeling at the pit of the stomach and frequently pain under the heart, caused by wind on the `oreach, consequent upin the food not being properly seated; it sours and farreents. This condition cogether with other causes, prodaces anemia. When your food is properly digested, it aesimilates and none.- ishes the body, makse blcead, and gives health, strength and vitality. If it does not digeet properly you become pale, thin, weak, languid and wafts for work; auffering • from headaches, poor appetite and sleeplessness. Veriol Seaweed Tonic strengthens the stomach and curee indigestion. It enables you to eat and diest your food, hence you get strong. It produces natural refreshing sleep, clears the head and brain, and invigorates the whole system. A YOUNG LADY AT EIUDDERSFIEGD. CURED COM- PLETELY AFTER MANY YEARS OF 'TERRIBLE SUFFERING.

Eliseo!

*digest

Miss K. F. Haigh, Houses Hill, Kirkhcaton, near Huddersfield, writes, January 17th, to Mr. Veno now take the pleasure of writing this note to inform you of what Veno's Seaweed Tonic has done for me, I suffered terribly from indigestion for over five years. I had it so bad that it caused me sometimes to have colic) and neuralgia at the. °mach. I have always been un- der the doctors, and had to give up ray employment. Sometimes I felt alright when taking the doctors mod"- eine, but as soon ae I stopped taking it I would be as bad again. I never had above a week or two of pleasure until a friend told me of your Sea weed Tonic. I was 80 bed then that I could scarcely put one foot be- fore the other. On September 10th I got a small bottle of your Seaweed Tonic and I felt it had done me good. I then began to get large bottles. I have taken four al- together. I have had no need to take any since Decem- ber 21st for which lam vary glad. I think I never felt bettor in my life, thanks to your Sea weed Tonic. I can* ! not praise it enough. I told a friend of mina about Its - it is doins, her good. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC 4010k17 and permanently cures all ailments arising from, a diseased condition of the stomaoh. liver, kidneyS blood. It i 8 a veritable "life invigorator " ; has rclav vellouS tonic and strengthening power, and is the natural cure for constipation. You will feel better after the first dose. Price 1s 1l and 2s 93. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE ' a cough in one night, and rapidly cures the worst , most desperate cases of bronohitia asthma. infinenze and whooping cough. It has saved many lives after they had been turned out of hospitals. It ii a new scientific remedy composed of ingredients never before used in England. Ask for Veno's Lightning ,gh Cure. Price Is lid and 2i SI. Icl by Boots, Ltd., Warricgton ; Peake, Earlestown , Newton, Weston and Compeny, Runcorn ; Wall. idge, 81 Helens, and all chemists.

land

atOroS 'Ed I, 1 a Cough , sole , brie

'ALIKEB

arid

'Warrington.—Prlntedand Published by Jogs W. Co. at The Examiner Cieneral Printing Works, street, and published by them at the lame p' aleo at the The Ecanuner Offices, Vietorla•mad,' 32, George•street. Sr. lIELESS and 3. Market P tPLESTOWN,iti the County of Lanotst,er and alio at . greet. liuNcom in the County of Otialter.—JANu, 19, 19.)..

Bewsey-

place

, WID:f ES

tt*MfttVM

_...A11111\ mi.

===== 0002601_19010125_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BIBLE ADDRESSES ARE DELIVERED EVERY, SUNDAY AT 630 P.M., TOFT'SI ASSEMBLY ROOMS. Comm OF BRIDGE-STREET AND FRIARS'-GATE, WARRINGTON. SUBJECT FOR TO-MORROW Sett:turd expositlon of those 13sues which seem to support present tea:thing."

BOL D- STREET WESI,EYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) 3ANUARY 27113 At 10 30 A STUDENT. At 6 30 Thry H. G. ROBERTS. M.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

RUNCORN COUNCIL OF EVANGELICAL FREE CBURCHI' S. SPECIAL UNITED MISSION SERVICES In ST. PAM'S CHAPEL, (Kindly lent for the occasion.) FROM FEFRUARY 16th to 26th. CONDUCTED BY REV. ALFRED WELLS. ASSISTED BY THE OTHER FREE CHURCH MINISTERS OF THE Tows. The Choirs of all the Free Churches will render united service during the Mission, For particulars of Meetings see Bills and Programmes of Services.

JORDAN TESTIMONIAL. I BEG TO INFORM SUBSCRIBERS, and others In- terested in the atnwe. that the PRESENTATION WILL TAKE PLACE in the RUNCORN NATIONAL BOYS SCHOOL on TUESDAY EVENING NEXT, the 29th inst., at 8.30. 701 IN LITTLER. Treasurer.

OUR NATIONAL LOSS. SUNDAY NIGHT NFICT (JANUARY 27ra), IN ST. PAI7V9 OHORCH, RUNCORN. SP ECI AL SERMON, BY Wife REV. ALFRED WELLS, SUBJECT :- " LIMONS FROM FEB LIFE OF OUR LATE BELOVED QUEEN." SERVICE AT 6 O'CLOCX.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. THE Si:m.oßn EirDSCRIPTION CONCERT PARR HALL. WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY Bth. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME INCLUDING, "THE DEATH OF MINNIMARA," lolom COLERIDGE TAYLOR'S NEW WORK "SCENES FROM THAWATFIA:" ETC., ETC. ARTISTES: SOPRANO MISS LUCILE HILL. BARITONE, MR. DOUGLAS POWELL. BoLo VfoLonesf.to MR CARL FUCHS. CHORUS & ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUDroR : MR. FRANK H. ORoSSLICY. RON. ORGANIST: MR. J. E. CALDWELL. LEADER OF ORCHESTRA ! MR. R. H. PEARSON. Prices of Admission :—Reserved Dress beats, 6s ; Reserved Centre Gallery and 'econd Seats. Body of Hall. 3s; Reserved Side Gallery, 2s ; Unreserved Back Gallery, Is 6d; Unre- served Body of Hall or Promenade, le. Doors open 7.15 p.m. Concert 7.45 p.m. Carriages 10-10 p.m. Ticket-Holders admitted by early door at 7p.m. The plan of Reserved Seats will be open at Messrs. R. H. Pearson's, Ltd., Bold street to Subscribers on Saturday, January 26th, min to the general publics on and alter the following Wednesday, January 30th. L. W. REYNOLDS. W. E. ATKIN. }Hon. Sea. Hon Treas. F. J. Ln oa.

NEWT 0 N-IN-MAICERFIELD, 11.D.C.-GAS DEPARTMENT. COKE, COKE for SALE at the GAS WORKS, NRWTON-1.11- WILLOWS in large or small quantities, delivered in bags at any address within the District at The. per ton. Order forms may be obtained at the COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, Town Hail, Rarlestown. or at the Gas Works. „ Purchasers not consuming Gas or consuming gas through itUtomatic Meters are requested to send cash with order.

RUNCORN SAVINGS BANK, 40, HIGH STREET. Open Wedneedays-6 tl 8 n m. Saturdays 10 to 12.30 and 7 to 9 p.m. STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS POE YEAR ENDING NOVEMBER 20th, 1930. DEPOSITORS' ACCOUNT. E s. d. £ 1.4. Amount due to depositors November 20th, 1899 Received from them during year 13172 18 3 Transfers from other banks ll3 10 8 sale of Consol Stook 247 13 0 Interest and Stook Dividends *- allowed to Depositors llO4 0 11 57722 1 6 Paid to Depositors during year Transferred to other Banks llO 10 9 Consel Stock Purchasers l2lO 6 3 Amount owing to Depositors November 20,4900 43799 19 11 57722 1 6 LIABILITIES AND ASSETS. Due ro Depositors as per Ledger Balance 43799 19 11 Cash Surplus in favour of Bank ,Investment with National Debt Commissioners Treasurer's Balance CONSOL STOCK ACCOUNT. Amount November 20th, 1829 2675 0 0 Purchased during year Stock Sold during year Amount held for Depositors. November 20th, 1900 3625 0 0 3875 0 0 NUMBER AND AMOUNT OF SEPARATE TRANSACTIONS. 2687 Deposits and Transfers emounting to 1247 Withdrawals and Transfers amounting to 12711 15 4 11 Purchases of Canso' Stook amounting to I Bale of Consol Stock amounting to 107 Dividends on Consol Stock amounting to 9l 1 8 -- 4033 Turnover during the year £27547 3 2 Examined and found correct. December 31st, 1900, N. H. SALKBLD. W. WILLIAMSON. C POWNALL. Auditors. W. B. KAY. W. HANDLRY, Actuary, C. HANDLEY, Assistant Actuary.

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY. HAYCOCK PARK STRHPLRCHABRS. Ist. and 2nd. February. on above dates, EXCURSIONS to HAYCOCK PARR (Rare Course Station) leaves St. Helens (Central) at 12.30 and 12.50 pm. Haydock, 12.37 and 12.57 p.m. each 4,ftY. Time of return, (tee bills), ordinary Ist and 3rd. Claus oink% and Return tickets will be available. Manchester, WILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. 011 SALE. a Choice 'election of Prevents for CHRISTMAS WEDDINGS, and BIRTHDAYS. In SILVER. SILVER - PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selection of BARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, COIN CABINETS, ANTIQUES. CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON AND CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, 63, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH L 872111 on the Market. Presaot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of th.se eplencild Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 365. Hunters from £2 12s. 13d. Liverpool Agent : RIIBENS, 15 & 16, ST. JOHN'S-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver, and Gal& filled at Lowest Prices Current.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,' WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6.

MOUNTED OR GOLD. PLATINUM. VULCANITE, EBONITE, ao, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSAND. OF LIVI WEI TESTIMONILLII. J. HD3-11ANI (OP CROSS-LANE. HARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARL'6B7, 13, LEGG-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM E TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS.

MD DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALRSMAN. NEAR BRIMS FOOT, LATCHFORD. FRESH FISH DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID. TO 3n. PER LO. LESS THAN OTHERS. DoVT PAT PINCE PRICES AT PATICT SEM. THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

- -- 64-rtEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE OH, YR4 ORNAMEINTAL HAM HPBOTALTST, T. B. BROWN. 3. LRBOR-STRYINT. LIVBRPOOL.' "THANK YOTT."

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURE, &C.. Cl-0 TO WILLIAM TODD, 18, BURRY STRI3ET (TOP BOLDNITIOIM. LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

ILLIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pao-Similes of Haudwriting. Typewriting, plans, gnan titles .to., ',opted and lithograpbed.—Baoosa AND Sari, Law Btationersll. Queen-street, Warrington.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS. SURGICAL R AND AGMS, ABDOMTNAL BELTS. BUY THEM 111,M THE ONLY MAKERS It LIVERPOOL. SMITH AYH SONS. 37, BREOK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price" than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED TM, QERGE JACKETS 1 SERGE JACKETS 1 L., Every workman should have one of HAMM'S cele- brated 48. 6d. genre Jankets, Ntrong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, Thraont-writErr. Liverpool.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- -1.../ TREES for our Oelebrated 10s. 8,1. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AID CO, LIMITED. 85, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent marriage paid.

- - • FOR SALE.-FORFEITED PLEDGES. HODS, from is 4d Rah. PLASTERERS' TOOLS IN GREAT VARIETY. BASSES OF JOINERS' TOOLS, 186 91, 22g 61. 2fle Ad. 39s 64 SEVERAL qUOP, PARLOUR. AND COOKING STOVES* GRANDP ATVIRR CLOCK. a Bargain. £3 10e. A CAPITAL GRAMAPHONII CHEAP. AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS. CLOT HIER% AND TOOL MERCHANTS, 110 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL: TELEPHONE 5,171. CASH LIBERALLY ADVANCED on Jewellery. Diamonds and Portable Property. Best Prices Given for Old Gold mg Silver Goods, UMBRELLAS I UMBRELLAS t ! THE LATEST NOVA TIES SUITABLE POE PRIVRN [ LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W VAING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND RITIVSTIAEORS nwoaVBRED IN UAL/ AN HOUR FROM Is. 6n. P. TIPIERLRY, 49. PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

"WILL SALT PROLONG LIFE ? " VOcirtalnly not. If mixod with snow on thm around: it has a tendency to kill enlems Ton arm shad with a Pair of ARTHUR EV A NS' 6s 6d or 139 6d WATERPROOF WINTER BOOTS. 6 and 221. LONDON-R 0 4.0 24. BERRYATRESIT ; and 51. BYROM-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NELLIE'S WATCHES FACE TRH WORLD. UNCHALLRNORD AND !WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMRKIIRPINO. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELLIR has had over 38 years Practical egperience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest cns.ible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

FURS. FOR NEW YEAR's PRESENTS, FURS SEASONABLE, ACCEPTABLE. USEFUL. WILLIAM CREAMER AND FURRIERS. Have Snecially Manufactured for their Annual Display, An Elaborate and Unprecedented cemectio, of SMART FUR GARMENTS. CONSISTING OF FASHIONABLE COATS, COATEES, CAPES. WRAP 9, RUGS, GLOVES, FUR NECKLETS. MUFFS, AND sm S OF Fun. acc.. rte. 5,000, CHOICE ARTICLEs FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS. 5.000. At Prices from los. to 900 Guineas. FURS ARE THE MOST USEFUL OF ALL NEW yEAR's PRESENTS. MANUFACTORIES AND SHOWROOMS. 56 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHOBES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

UNDER THErIICLOCK lINg BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

WOODS BESPOKE BOOT AND SHOE MAKERS 59, ALLEN STREET, AND 55, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS & fft't NEW YEAR NOVELTIES, -ROOTS business grows and grows be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prioes. Here are a few articles of the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents s PERFUMES make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 64. size 5d., is. size 944. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay, Wood Violets. Nice Violets, In Stoppered Bettles,ls. 64. size is., Es. 64. size Is. 9d. 7: PARMA VIOLETS In Bottles from is. 3d. In Artistic Cases from Jit. In CutPlass Bottles from 21. 6d. EAU DE COLOGNE. Jersey Castle Brand,2s 6d bottlefls 6d,4s bottle 2.104 Silver Cologne. is. bottle 744., Es. 6d. for Is. 24. Golden Cologne, is. bottle 80., 25. 64. for Is. 44. Toilet Bottles from Is 64. TOILET ARTICLES are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair brushes from Is 64. Dressing Combs from 64, Hand Mirrors from is, Nail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brushes,Pooket Combs, Tooth Pow- der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey, Curd, Elder Plower, Brown Windsor. 24. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 244. per tablet, 5 tableta for Is. Castile Soap, 344. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows . Violette de Panne. Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Cold Cream and Honey, usual 6d., tablet for 31(1.. ls. 64. box 104. We can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all confidence. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ALSO AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN, AND 27, POST OFFICE ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

W• HODGKINSON. LIMITED, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEIR ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE WILL TAKE PLACE DURING FEBRUARY, 46 AND 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PENDLEBURY'S • LINOLEUM IS WELL SEASONED, • AND THEREFORE WEARS WELL. CALL AND SEE. THE LARGEST AND BEST 1 SE LECTION OF FLOOR-COVERING IN THE DISTRICT. NEW DESIGNS IN BRUSSELS, WILTON. TAPESTRY, AND AXMLNSTEE CARPETS. AT LOWEST CASH PRICES, PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 12 AND 14, VINWICK STREET, SUPPLY TBON ux 'WARRINGTON. THEWARsuPRFI TON LIME SLATE CO., LD nom THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICHERSHAW COAL). HEAD 0/FICH AND WHARF, AEPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Marion Street, Warrington

EADE's PILLS EA DE'S pILLS. AU who suffer from Gout of Rheumatism should immediately EADIPS puts. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADWB plua. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE roux% the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADB'B S pmts. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe to heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN TUB HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. 1 And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. G'" " 18,Burton-crescent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. it JIB UIIAT I 8 M "DPar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RH BUM A T I 13,11 Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUM AT I S M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMA T I b M my being Wel up swain. Ever since, when I have tied the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHEIU MA T I Sild directly. I WOULD NOT BS WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHII U M TIB Id Yon are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT sun be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RH RU MAT Id me (enclosing stamped address). bung you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S BOUT AND RHEUMATIO PILLS Are sold by all Chemists In Bottles, Is. Itd. and 25. 95 or sent post free for 'Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 231 i, GC/SWELL-ROAD, B.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain gABE'S GOUT AND ARMY MATZO PILLS. EADE S PIL bg

JOHN BROWN & CO, ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (EBTABLIsHED 26 'DURSO ALL CLAMSES OF DUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCES PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

-------- GEORGE HEN LEE AND CO.. LIMITED, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE, strnpLUS AUTUMN AND WINTER STOCK. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. EnnuteclNG • SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, HOUSE- IHOLD LINENS. LACES, HOSIERY, GTIVES, MANTLES, COSTUMES. MILLINERY, LADINT OUTFITTING, bOOTS AND SHOES, UMBRELLAS. WATERPROOVS. SILVER PLATE. JEWELLERY, FANCY GOODS, Ac. BAsNEiI r STREET, LIVERPOOL.

fsfs WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVENaLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED OASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Boos- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with °ea watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO., w,tthmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to al parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

SALE JAMES ATKINSON 'S SALE SALE ANNUAL SALE SALE WINTER SALE SALE SALE :COMMENCES SALE SALE WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, SALE SALE EVERYTHING REDITCEDI SALE SALE SOME MARVELLOUS BARGAINS SALE SALE WILL BE OFFERED. SALE SALE 7, 11 & 13. BRIDGE STREET, SALE SALE WARRINGTON SALE

20Tx ANNTJAL WINTER SALE, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, GREAT SALE OVERCOATS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR AFTER BO MILD A SEASON, JUST THE TIME FOR A BARGAIN, REDUCTIONS OF 48, TO 108. IN THE £ OFF ALL SURPLUS STOCK. 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE FIRST GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY OF THE NEW CENTURY. HENRY WESTON, LIMITED 33, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR FIRST ANNUAL WINTER SALE, AND GIVING A BONUS ;OF 3s. IN THE X RETURNED TO EVERY CUSTOMER. COME EARLY AND SECURE THE BARGAINS. HENRY WESTON, LIMITED, 33, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

SEND FOR SALE CATALOGUE, IT WILL CERTAINLY INTEREST YOU. STOCK-TAKING SALE AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES AT Tllll PION EE R COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LI V ERPOOL. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. WILL BE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN.

B AR(.4AINS OF AN UNUSUALLY ATTRATIVE CHARACTER, WELL WORTH ATTENTION. THIS DAY, AND UNTIL FEBRUARY, 23RD.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS, DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (Br ALL THE LEADING MASERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTED PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF MIRY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, 'Watches, Plate, ecc., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061,

• ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Lsrge Assortment of Framed Pietnres, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 3co. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PRO.COGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORIMIES INKS. (17NDER ROYAL PATRONAGE:) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE!

WHITE STAR Li NE ROYA MAIL STEAMERS. 4;10 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. GERMANIC ...Wed., Jan. 30 I OCEANIC Wed., Feb. 13 MAJBSTIO ...Wed.,Feb. 6 j TECTONIC.. Wed.. Feb. 20 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Phllaielphla, or Baltimore Apply to Tamar, Imnix, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street 34, Leadenball strs i M. Telndon

' °COSTUMES & MANTLES ------,-;=.,--,-- Val MODEL 313. ~ (To : ~ _,,,,,,.„ Skirt,T a i 1 o rind e lgn Cheviote d .Reefernl6 Coat Serge,anodr full Costume.or! de sent without delay by Parcel Poet ; satisfaction given or money returned. ...,.,), _-.---, i Coating. Price 2016. I 111 Carriage, ed. Or the PATTERNS sent POST FREE ,7';', ~. ~,,,, ~ i' ' Skirt alone, 6/6. Carriage, sd. Handsome of the two good durable cloths in which the ~7:---- ••,,,i- „"-- ~ ~...:;., Toque, as sketch, 8/11. Carriage, 6d. Costumes are made : THE JOHN NOBLE CIIEVIca - ,- SERGE or COSTUME COATING. - ,;`, ',A' '. '''. --"- An artistic and useful Souvenir pre- A FULL DRESS LENGTH of either .' , %., rented to all Costume purchasers during fabric (6.yds., 52 ins, wide) for 7/6. Carriage, lid; the next few weeks. COLOURS :-Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, . Fawn, Grey, and Royal Blue. - •••••••ssi. -•"' SIZES IN STOCK of Ladles' Cod- _...4, umes are 34. 36,38 inches round bust ..,-‘fi 4 . (under arms); Waists, 24, 26, 28Inches; ...]- ...(-:r; ,SW ' '..\'4.'e, Skirta being SS. 90, 4t inchea long in ..4** "k; . .';) (# front. Any other size made to raasure for 12 6. ' 4.2,,,,,* ••••'-:.. MOURNING ORDERS ~:,•\ \ sentioft at one day's notice. : \ •k, \ ~,-....,-= THE SALE CATALOGUE .\\ 4. . .'•.:,, - ,i,\: / N,...,,..; \\, , Illustrating splendid bargains in Cost. .. $ .-,, ,•\ -.,„1,, ' ..s. • tames, Mantles, Children's Dresses, -..,,,,,, a se ..A, ..",.. Millinery, Underclothing, Corsets, :7. . ',. Boy's.Sults, Waterproofs, Elouselinens, t, 'Ns, :‘ , , tm.. t"--- •-..1.-- x Towellings. WonderfulClearancelinea . •:,;,.',.H..1,k -,, alb, ilk .4e. - ,‘\.• IV' in Lace Window Curtains, Post Free. .',' '•\\,, ' '''''. \ i'',.\ ' .7' ', ' • k, Special Value. Model 274 ' 7,-,- • ("A- ,:.. or. ,--,-. t.A , ~,, .o *. Tailordesigned / ~ •; \:', Sacque Coat,in lack ~,.<4...; Fawn or B „ ; laj,) 4 .A\ V7IP '1 i • 'i: •, ii I, /ti '. ' A, • Cvleo.h. ~ , . g/5. Carriage6d. ii ~ . ~ \ •', , /il •l /[ j \ Length 90 ins. . . , Pretty Toque. ' ' 1, • -,i`'' le /1 [1 ill 1 t assketch - 6/11. ,` 's, , . \ \ ~,,•• V.; o, i . ~.. , • , .. Carriage '‘-‘‘, ''. 7.C.: \ \ •64 - '' •2 6 ,!' ... \ ''' 's - ' ' . kii usi • \ "', \\ ‘ . \ \ ~ ~ \ \ . ~.., \\44 . . . ' ' : ' ' MODEL 1014. OAt cd , t,p,/ \ A\ \ '44,...,a \\ ~.,‘ s \ '4'. ' 's , . Consistsot smart Reefer Coat, well lined through, and a full frock with 10} 6' q ' \\\_ \ ' , , , ' '‘: \+ \\ ' ''.. -'.\\ '7') kilted skirt and plain bodice,making a complete indoor and outdoor Cos. o.i.s =4l tume. Colours: Navy or Black only. ' ,:', : ) ',.."‘kk \\ 'l' „ \'• , ' In Cheviot Serge or Costume . a ~,3 ... k... n '4.4' ‘,s,'7,•YOYi.' _ 2___ 1 24 27 30 33 36 In& _ • 71, v ' \ \\\ ..--- '., ‘,, \ 17- -- at .. ''' '• • - -,_. ... ,i4S" \ ':-_,---- -- -9/- 10/- 11/- 12/6 14/- 15/G as. le 43 \ _ --''. ',.'.;'':, - . -- Cap (as sketch) 1/6; Carriage, 44. . PLEASE MENTION THIS NEWSPAPER WHEN WRITING TO- , • ,- , , . 4 ' • _ , • ea D 8 BROOK ST: MILLS- 1 JOHN i . .OHM. NOBLE -LTD. MANCHESTER . .. .. , . s _

4,14,14 -tAt-------7_l---"- -.-- ~-.. '-'-i--'-----.----._____,..------.--. T ARGI3 STOCK OF BILS.NDoLusus, B kNJOBS, £4 GUITARS, VIOLINS, AC S.-N-elal Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, NIAERE'S name inside, Rose- wood, ornarnent”d ; 12s. 65. Pardaße paid ARCHER AND SONS. ST. GEORGES' OIDISCIINT, TOP OF LORD- STREET, LIVEEPOOL. EattbilsEed 1848. .. REDUCTION IN PRICES. FOR INCANDESCENT BURNERS. , W INCANDESCENT Ir'' MANTLES INCANDESCENT I( * CHIMNEY,. INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE GAS GLOBES, OF DIFFERENT COLOURS ANO PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED A.T ADAMS. 80 ST. JA NI I'S PLACE. rvINDow GLASS ow DiTeIIILKNT PATTERNS. WINDOW (i. LAS.i OF DIIOw,4ItH.Nr SUBSTANCES. BRITISH NIT, R ToTd.) 'PLATE GLe.54 SHADES A:ID STAND. AS Trir J.,AvH,T PIIIJE3 AT. J. ADAvI S. 212, No RTII-11ILL, STREET, LI .WITPOOT . Telephone: No 570. ! .. ' HOSPITAL TRAVIED NURSES ' ..., . , c ,2 INSTITUTION a) > MALE AND FEMALE NURSES AND j) I 1:: ATTENDANTS ' Z r, MEDICAL SURGICAL & MONTHLY NURSES c •-• ..,,,,,ED TO TOE P 0 <i) MEDICAL PROFESSION PUHL,C HOSPITALS -2 Z AND PRIVATE. rAMILIES 4( 0 a, HGPE STRIP (, I LIVERPOOL. io Wrests: ' Nurses.'

-11 P-rim : , Proved and J (z,ste4 ov Experience , „,,,, 1 I not of yesterday or the day before, but by the repeated results of several years, the public know that the cures which have been effected all over Great Britain and Ireland by 7 rt.Z.F-P,O off 0 .30 ff,"2-'4A a • .• ' i', At • • ,v 41,, qii ,o, ~ te , -I,e-'' i' Of ~, Ar 0, a•Pt P, / .4,, , lin i ' °i ' • , . ;fr.., ' g i . - rar 41:* ''' Lae .2 . l''' '** op tie , ' . ~ are NOT temporary and transitory but Permanent and Lasting. Strong Men- and Strong Women, once hopeless Invalids, are recommending the pills all over the country. Ask in your own neighbourhood about anyone who has had a wonderful restoration to health and you will hear DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS Praised as the Cause. Read these Specimen Cases,

• Your Pastry al-A Your Pie Crust are not always a success? You take every care, but feel that the result is risky? That is because you do not use Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour. Order a packet from your grocer next time you are making pastry, cakes, or home- made bread, and mix r part of Paisley Flour with 6 to 8 parts of household flour. You will be delighted with the result, everything light, of, pleasant flavour, and easy of digestion even when eaten new. No worry. No uncertainty. Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour . Makes delicious pastry.

There's nothing better than Starch for sfarching. You can't add anything to it that will really improve it. If it's good starch, pure starch, all the chemicals in the world won t make it better. Clothes last longer, retain their stiffness better, keep a whiter colour, when pure starch is used And Colman's Starch is an absolutely pure starch. C 1:; A tr.7l STARCH Sold in z-lb., 3C-113. and id. Boxes. See that Colrnan's name and the BUIP3 Head are on the boa.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRTIE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FSSE ANT DISTANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTHRS, FITTINGS U.

HARROP BROS. AND (.30MPANY. PEWTERERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AHD SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2837. Lusts Free,

ESMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

BAKERS.—Genuine Bread and Flom. BUSIN ttdd, situated in growing neighbourhood ; well-fitted Shop. House, and Bakehouse, with two good ovens.—For full particulars apply 177, BOALEII.BTREET, Liverpool. BIIRNLRY, BOTANIAL BRIM and CORDIALS BELA- NESS. Horses. Lurries. 'Engine Boiler and extensive connections. Price £460. Large Chip Business £lO weekly. Price £6O. Bice Compact Chip and Fish Restaurant £27 worth £36. lixcellent little Chip Restaurant. Price £24, a Bargain. Trawden. near Coins. Beautiful Chip Restaurant no Opposition, £5B. Particulars Ac.—THRELFALL 61, Pad!- ,cam-road, burniey.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND CO., WITH RE@PICOT TO ANT HIND OY BUSINESS YOU MAY ilisIRE TO PURCHASE os SELL; ABSOLUTELY THE BEST MEDIUM; BUYERS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT MODERATE & FIXED CHARGES; 10 SALE, NO CHARGE; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED; CALL, WRITE OR TELEPHONE, 0119. RYDER lALOYD AND CO., ESTABLISHED 1887. • 21., OLD HAY MARKET. LIVERPOOL (Close to Lime-street and Central Station).

PENKETH.—Cottages 48 Od., 38. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. BA.NK STREET OFFICE, En room. 25, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. IC/GREER SHOP. 124, MERSEY STRET, rent Ss. 26, PERCY STREET, rest S. 'apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- n.Telephone—No 65.

'VT AR NIBDALS WANTED. dated 1848, or earlier, £2 V given ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firket A *,bara Mashona, Matabele, aO.-211.00R TOMS, Droltwlch. 1 S A NI numerous TRA l IN vacancies.SPli Ci T 0 EPS:sit la PIS C salariesou rs Course o f £looe. 8 ot on s 2n2 05 Ow. , ommencing tor Liverpool and Bradford exams. ; previous, -)erience unnecessary ; over 200 successful candidates. 's eligible.—Apply ROBERT MIISEENS, banitary - - 'r, Sunderland. Name paper.

Olattittiern, etc. rpm Manchester Gas and Oil BNGINES, from p.- IWstrrarcint & Brdarmar,East-et Iron Works.fdanonearer.,

C_IAG AND OIL ENGINES.—The Dudbridge, t. to 100' VA h.p. Cash or Easy Payments. Dynamos and motors.. Th Lister, latest and beat type. Send for Catalogue.l Repairs of all Iands,—CENTIIAL GAB ENGIN& COMPANY, 6,1 Charles-street. Sackvllle-steeet, Manchester.

tIYL/SNI)ID SISLECTIOn or meouirrE TOOLS,' . new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin o 181 n. Centres 6ft to 201 t, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 21t square to 12t by 41t square. Drilling Radial and Vertical. Slotting, Milling, Profiting and Shapingl Machines. Gas and Steam Bngines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working biazhinery, etc.—PAlirtgaTog, St Simon-street. Blackfriars-road, Salford

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G-. WILSON AND CO. Fele. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET fR MANCLIESfER. thW 1900, HANDBOOK GRATIS.

'pATEsT OFF ICR MANCHESTER HaTABLIBIESD ix 1835. Meier GEORGE DAVIBii a SON have hB4 more then 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish, went, and possosspraetioalknowledgeof the (loam, woollen, andiron manufactures. •• Sell-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price ls. DAVI/18, C.H., a 130151, W.1.P.A., M.S.A.,i 4. ST. ANN'S SQUAUE. MANCHESTER.

11.1l*tt jLAb otittoub tor Doleittlyn Towyn, Wales, splendidly situated, bracing sea and mountain air. Sound modern education. Preparations for Exams, IGovercess pupil required. Principal rdiss Cook.

TOSI BOOTHROYD, 1d.1.1J.M., Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO. AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STftl F. WARNINGTON.

Niv ARRIN Grt 0 N GRAMMAR SUILOOL. The NEXT TERM will BEGIN on TUESDAY, JANUARY 22na, 1901- The HEAD MASTuri will be AT HOME, to INTERVIEW PARENTS on SATURDAY, JANUARY 19th, and MONDAY JANUARY 21st. MPH CHEMICAL LABORATORY. CLASS-ROOM, AO. Preparatory Worm for boys from 8 to 12 years C age. PROSPECTUS, AC., ON APPLICATION.

MRS. LAVvSON (late of Falkirk), receives al attends Pupils tor PIANOPORTH, HARMONIUM, AMISSIOAN °RO IN AN, MANDOLINS, THSONY. Pupils rapidly advanced. New method. Two lessons weekly; 12s. 61. per quarter. PDS.II-STRKET, STOCKTON }MATH.

'MIES BERTHA BOUCRIER, A,L.I.J.M. prepared to receive PUVII.6 for the Violin. Lessoasi /at own or pupils' residence, or on Monday's at Mr. Baton's' 'Music Room, bankey-streec. Terms, ao, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-BOAD,' - Heath.

DANCING.-MISS BTIIEL 'SPINES, RE-OPENS' her DANCING and OALISTICISNIO CLASSIIti at the Conservative Cluo Assembly itooms, Saturday, January 19th, Wednesday evening class (adulta), January 16th, Masonic Hall, Bolu-street. For further particulars apply 4, BILISBURT-BTHICET. Wr

r1:111; bIIBB.M SUTTON WILL COSIMILIC.CE THRIii SlMina IM.NCINH OLABB AT TOFT'S AUSBMBLY ROOfda ON THURSDAY, JAHUARY 31yr, 1901 From 7to 9-30. Special attention given to beginners. All Ballroom Dances taught, also calisthenics. fee 123 6d for ten lessons. FOR OTHLR INFORMATION APPLY UhTIOISI BANK. cliehtliiiice. WetittINGTON.

liarStO, lEarriagaS. tscr. OSALL BAY HORS% 15-3, Spring Oars and Gears.l Together or separate.—Apply W LLLIAM Dealer, Bowdon.

O.BALB, HBARBB, glass sides, nearly new, light Clarence Carriages (2). in excellent condition, Brougham, square front, single, suit doctor, in goOd condition througl.out ; light Victoria, rubber tyres ; all to be sold ; no reasonable offer refused ; room required.--JOSX kitains, Cnachbuildar, Burnley.

EMATuORAPLI ENTERTAINMEINI 8 for, kj bazaars, schools, private parties, Pm. Latest war pictures. Terms moderate.—OCHOLL'S PHoTo kiToRES, South Castle-street, Liverpool.

A FEW TIMELY HESIARKS BY pIT TS ' S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station,' through Hallway Arch). -I- , ALSO AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). THE PROSPEROUS GENERAL FURNISHERS. ON THE THRESHOLD OF A NEW YEAR, the 57th of PITTS'S Business Career, we deem it ad 'sable to scan past working in order to draw Inspiration - wuldanee for the future. As space permits but a brief .drospect, we refer only to what has been achieved since our advent in London-road. PITTS'S aspire and persevere. or, in homely language, we aim high and keep pegging at it. This, we believe, is the only royal road to success, the only path to prosperity, the one bee-line for the ambitious. We pursue it now and always have done, . with what results the following shows. First, as regards quality of. business, IT MAY INTEREST YOU TO KNOW that we have had the honour of supplying,from London-road,furniture for the office of. HIS GRACE THE DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE. K.G., and that we have had the pride and pleasure of executing, from Claythorn, two separate orders for HIS MAJESTY THE SULTAN OF MOROCCO. \ really magnificent lounge suite specially manufactured by iTTS'S, which formed a portion of ,the latter orders, was lbited ha our showrooms and gained unstinted praise from i who saw it, whilst it caused unfeigned delight to His ,'s representatives who had actually ordered the goods. llNtAerDedDtloTtre rNegrirelllenEts of LmlcTs t h:Dzhweregrandaz net smociineits; down to the humble, though necessary, artisan, besides pub- and private institutions, corporations, &c., ece. . and in veral instances PITTS'S HAVE FURNISHED THETIIIED GENERATION, having previously supplied the household requisities for the parents and grandparents when they first embarked in married life' and we hope, in the fulness of time to do the like for the fourth and succeeding generations. NOW AS REGARDS THE QUANTITY OF BUSINESS. The great and instantaneous success of the Pantheon at Gaythorn, opened In June last, has con- siderably augmented, PITTS'S already vast turnover, cane- d:lg the sales for the past six months to EXCEED BY A RATE of £20,000 per annum those of the same period in 1896, whilst materially strengthening PITTS'S prestige and .enabling us to practically dominate middle-class furnishing in, the Manchester locality. No other furnishers in the united Kingdom succestuily conduct in one town two separate establishments of the magnitude of PITTS'S, each of which is greater than any would-be competitors in Wel city. WHAT IS THE DIET RESULT ?—Well. judging by the ever-increasing support and the numerous! press appreciations and unsolicited testimonials received, it os quite evident the public generally are thoroughly convinced lof PITTS'S ability and desire to please and satisfy them, moll that PITTS'S premises, stock, and business are isECOND 1O NONE of their kind. But what about the £5, d net result?' I you }ask. Sorry we cannot enlighten you, as that is just •' little bit we reserve for home consumption. PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI-i TURIL at 158, 2228. 34, 50, 7s. 100. 200, up to I,oooj guineas are,in point ot Exceilence,Durability and VALUE VA' VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEARI SAVING WA 50 PER CENT as compared with others. Fulli particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED rtnotisktitic+ IGUlDE,containing 700 designa.priced, post free. Cash prices I only quoted; d-f erred payments arranged, suiting convent- i eIICO. I Pnali'smilAAN.(24, C il ICYCLES,CHINA. iBL Ats I T T 3 EARTHENWARE,.IAIL Magnificent Selection. Astounding Value. Well worth! Inspection. , i SAMUEL PITTS, IHANCHESTER,I LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiek and Longsight Cass) ; GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,124 j BUSINESS HOURS Bto 7 SATURDAYS. Ito 9

E. NI. ASBURST, HIGH•CLASS CONFECTIONKR, 47, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE TILE THRMINUS OF THE STOCKTON- HEATH 'BUSBS. CHRISTMAS AND BIRTHDAY CARES. SPEUIALITY-SCOTCH MILS SCON ES. THA ROOMS. FANOY 011000LATBs ac., UI GREAT VARISTy.O,

ALL ME WORLD'S A STAGE, And the PRINCIPAL BOY on it in the boot line Is ARTHUR EVANS. Els 6s 6d and ts 6d Uents' Bouts receive REPEATED EtICUIL/SS, thus proving that they are the PAVOURLTILS or the public. 6 AND 221, LONDON-ROAD ;51. BYRO2d-STRRICT ; and throughout Liverpool.

RIBD FISH COLOURING; one gallon. carriage paid. J. —J. RAMDI f I,w AND Sole, IMPOrtere, Isabella-street Warehouse, Presto. HIGH-CLASS Irish Terrier Bitch and Dog Pup, cheap full pedigree ; seen any time.—JLCICBOII. 33, St James' road, Church, near Accrington.

ofIIADILLY ADDRIISS for letter, interviews and! eorreepondence.—Letters received and forwarded, go Dana. 188, Piccadilly, London.

11,LACKPOOL, splendid large COMPANY HOUSIIS at ,LI valuation also small ones, close to promenade, all rent ifree to March; houses and shops for saIe—FREEMAN and '4.TLOR 23 Tyldesley-road. 1

VIUOIHOLD SHOP. in centre of Warrington, for Sale ;I Chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be] ad to take a lease.—Apply to ISPICNCIig Wd.LLIEAD & Bow; 'me-street, Horsemarket, Warrington.

If HOW TO JSOISULLE medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 48. Lonsdale Square. Barnebnry London N FOR SAUL ten Working HOMERS; three flown Bourne- mouth; one highly commended, 155., ; also Black Tan ,BRltiliii DOG ; good guard; clean in house; fond of hi dren ; ICI--C"CIDLCis Wilatill Lodge, Sabden, near :Where&

lupicaFLuous tuukt.—Perfected Blectcolysis (by Me Parkes' inventions) supersedes ail other systems in ,pidity, for permanent destruction without markings. By (appointment only. Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES, 2, Church4trei3t, Southport.

rill:Lilo LACCLISS Immense Bargains. Free 11l us trated List coataiaing 1,500 New and Seconcl-liand Maehines from 308. to £5. Marvellous Nagalas in 1901 Mashines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make. from £2 175. 6d. bingle Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at halt usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied. WARRILOW t Co.. IJyale Manufacturers, Westoo-super -Mare.

A ISTIQUII FURNITURE' —A. large stock on Sale of LI chippendale and oak chairs, shield back chairs, carved oak and mahogany chests, corner Cupboards, oak gate tables, square and twisted legs, old china, pictures, &c.; furniture - sold, or exChanged.—J LlaliT. Liverpool-toad, - near Ormskirk.

MSCHANIO, AND DRAULIIITS- -1 MAN should possess a copy of the " Practical Bogineer Pocket Book for 1901. price is 2d, or, with diary. 1a Bd, post free. BAtion rapidly setting out. Order Nt once --TEoHN '- car. PUBLISHING Co, Ltd, 31, Widtwortn-street, Manahester, and all Booksellers.

- TO BB BOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extenslvel .1. Works, hit ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Laud, with siding to the railway. ouitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addrees J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool.

2150 000 At frOM 3it par oent.to be Advanced On 5 Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in GUMS to snit borrowers,in any part of the country.—J. W. liffifss.ll, 5. Oook-street, Liverpool. Telephone blB2.

ir MAURICE AND Al-• ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PUROHAcIi OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD MINS AND CURIOS. Old Gold and bilver, Old-faatooned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches. Plate. tko , ac., HIGHEST PRIOR GIVEN AT THE yojazoki EXCHABGh, 47, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money adyancedupon Diamonds,Watches.Jewellery, Ao., at low rates.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. MO. £5O, xiou. AE6 DVANC siADN PRIVaTELY to TRADES- ISIBN, IARN/11W, WORICINOMIIN, and all Respect-, atle Householders. on Gueir own security, without delay, nal Jour simple written promise tO pay back. Path AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFOEMATION FitHELY M. COWEN, VIOTOILIA CMAMBHRS, WIDNMS. I,OOT OF TS& CENTRAL crATIoN. MANAGER : JOHN E. GOOL WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Tweut! Years

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO zOOO. TRH LONDON & PROVISCI&L LOAN CO.. 121, Mo-KSEY TIGNET WARRINGION. Tiv, Amoy c COMPANY I PREPAIAD 20 advance Leans to trespectable householders, shoplowpers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLIi BY WEBKLY MOUTHLY OR QUARTERLY] ISTALKILITS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. wArtswoßTH, DISTRIUT MANAGnR. 121, attIiRSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, OR AS MAY BR MUTUALLY AItRANGEO, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT BURRTIRS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. FROMM ATL'ENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned hts bee' established since 1870, and has nlways conducted his business uuder HIS OWN DIAMIL IHe has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and !straightforward manner, and has received MANY lIIINDILEDS OF LETTBRS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Terms for Advances, Or any information desired, will to supplied Free of Charge on Apptication either personally or hy letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS le, CIWOL-LANIL LIVILIWOOL. O r to the Head (Mee, 20, MEN.NEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., - MOSAIC AND ENOAUSTIO TILE FIRERS. 69, ST. 7/MEW-STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS.' TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS, &c. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams : " Homalla wonnt, Latchford."

• BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THIS WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. G RORGE FERN AND CO. 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MARE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITI ON

PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. FOR ALL TRADE PURPOSES, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. STATIONERY, TWINES, ETC. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG-LANE (OFF KING-STREET)r WARRINGTON.

'JOHN ATKINSON. 62, AND 64, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. RIKER AND CONFECTIONER. DINNERS, TEAS AND REFRESHMENTS. SCHOOLS AND PARTIES SUPPLIED. lING AND riIkiTHDAY CANE, 41. IsrECIALITY

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSBY-STRBEIT, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

'D R J. COLLIS BROWNE'SI CHLORODYNB. THB ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENIIINB. CI:II,ORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderfal,and valuable remedy ever die povered. OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for ‘..) Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. eiIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k.../ those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Oroup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarthces and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism. Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, to. From Dr. B. J. Bormrow IND 00., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and rook upon it as an excellent direct Reda- lye and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- ion In whatever organ, and from whdever cause. It induce. feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other emedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over ‘ll other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effect s. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOE& DYNB."—Bee Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAM lON.—BEW ARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. O.I.IITION.—Vice-Ohinoslior Slr W. Pans WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comae BROWSE was, undoubtedly, the inventor cf "OHLORODYNII " and that the story of the defendant 'BEEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to ty had been sworn to.—See .imss, 13th July. ism. Sold in bottles at Is i 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is enuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNIES IRLORODYnE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm Medio.l testimony accompanies each bottle

A NATURAL PROTECTOR. THOSE WHO SUFFER FROM WEAK CHEST:OR LUNGS ARE UNFORTUNATELY NUMEROUS, INATHIS COUNTRY—, SOIDAMP ANDICHILLY INIAUTUMN AND WINTER. FOR ALL SUCH WE NATURALLY FEEL, CHEbT PROTECTOR, EASY AND LIGHT, AND HAVE THEREFORE PRODUCED A NATURAL FELT WARM AND DURABLE. THESE GIVE GREAT WARMTH AND THOROUGH PROTECTION FROM 'CHILLS. SINGLE FROM CD. DOUBLE FROM is. CD„ -- BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON. Also AT 20 ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES. BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN. AND 17, POST OF ICE ARCADE. ACCRINGTON.

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROCATION, ITOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without mternat; medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of ell Chemists prices HOOPING COUGH 49. per bottle. So 1 e Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARD'S & tiorst, 157, UROUP Queen Victoria Street, London. R3CHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

IyOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFaS SEM Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS gra-ease quality. J. AND F. BROWN, I , ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKETS, &0.. RE-GILT. from 6d.

To WLE'S CHLORODYNE , Renowned for Tuouctffs. OWLE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, rOWLE 8 CHLORODYNE Asthma, iNFLURNZA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE DaigNickA. 1 rr t i 0 WLE'S VHLORODYNE doses for.2s. AM POE TOMB'S; TARE NO OTHER.

EXPIRATION OF LEASH, LEECH BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS, &c., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, BUNCHES TEL After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS Clocks and Bronzes 25 p.c. Ms. Gas Fittings Marble Mantelpieces Grates, llanges, Tiled Hearths lO " Furnishing Ironmongery CUTLERY, PLATE, TONGS, COALBOXEIS, ART METAL WORK, ac., &C. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH BROS. & CO., 20: & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER , THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR MMUS, AND, LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, Whtb, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOBS OF (111, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, HEART- BURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRD S, GIDDINESS, & . AS A GBNIIRAL FAMILY Ak'BRIENT MSDICINB DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNRQUALLSD, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, Are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in Itheir curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBIiNT, 173, SISYMO tilt PLACH, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead,but lush t uponlhaving the right thing,which is wrapped' in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

rrilE .Rsineorn Examine-, published Friday morn -I- lug. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming' n Important centre of industry. THE Warrington and MU-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday' afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINER.i. WANTEDS. TO BE LETS 18 WORDS VD., ON SALES. } And 3d for each succeeding 9 word a

TRE EXANIiNEi. JANUARY 19th 1901

SOFT FAIR SKIN. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness instil.. ed to those Ladies who use Rowiand's KALYOR which removes Re•lness,. Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes as. 3d. & s. 6d. Sold by Stores, ra C.betsts, & A. Row.and & Sons, Hatton Garden, London. *

FOOTBALLS. k I „--- '"--- t) 95. 64.. 85. 6d 85.. ~ _ , Is 6d., 65. 6.1. Es. ',..k ,s• ' ..- I Q. ( COr a ..- % SHIRTS. t.. 0 Any colour or pattern,..,, per doz. ~:p,_;‘, -0_,,, Flannelette ... 255. Od. `‘, --",,,...,.. N -, ...- \ matting 3os. od. I-0, .... Untearable 4os. 0d.,-...,7, lop, -.0 7 KNICKERS. c))'. 41 Navy or White, .a. 1., Is. 11d.. 2s. 6d., ' \r';''7o le. 6 tO, and Se. 64. GOAL NETS. . • t is' 111 Complete, ready for use, '....\.;„ • .......,,,,,,,, 9, 485. and 355., the set. ,•.`;',..c- kr, \ ti SHIN GUARDS. . A 10+d., Is. 64., is. 114., ..:—.., HOCKEY STICKS. . 4e. 64., be., 65. 4d. --- , tio BOXING GLOVES. V 35 64. ss, 64. 75. 6d. / (1 \,., A 10s. 64., 125. 64, Cat•logue Post Free, Al! orders executed ‘, ', :me day, Carriage paid. FRANK ....411111, 1 SUGG,i-1,-4c--...,....:, • 14v4-A 41i7 32 1 , Lord St., Liverpool.

HOCREIY. If one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport. that firm Is George G. Bussey t Co.. of London, who are leading the way again with their latest Improved " Demon Driver" Hockey Clubs which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer to G. G. B. and Co.'s Special Hockey List. If not procure:ale apply to 36 & 38. Queen Victoria-street, or 213, Regent-street, London. Factories :—Peckham, London, and Illtnowell, Suffolk. Advt. (1)

pILES AND INDIGESTION CURED If yon have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KEITTY'S CURE is the only safe and eff-mtual remedy for inward, outward, nd bl,,ding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and eitlo33 them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cur, for the most acute forms of Chrilo Indigestion. Dizziness or FAuting Fits, Sick FleArlsche, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you. price Is. Ik-i. Sold be BOOTS Ltd , and all Chemists and Stores. Post aid Vona K EUTY AND CO., _r_r ALIFAX.

"Fresh Lease of Lifer

OSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be potted With Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 6 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 6-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widne3, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9.30 a m.—London, Southern an South-Western Counties Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10.0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, South,iart, wad the Isle Ma aan,—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, North Walee, and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan. cotland, Liverpool. Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead. Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrew sbury North Wales, London and South p.m.—Liverpool, iouthaort, Orinskies, Bath. Borlst Exeter Gloucester. Plymouth, Yorkshire, Hancheste S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 41 P. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wlg an Bolton 2-15 pm. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Nor thwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketti, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch. Newton-le Willows, Manchester P.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey 6 Ihm.—Lymm, Thelwall, Ileatley S p.m.—St. Helens p.m.—Manchester .—Liverpool and Chester p.m.—Manchester, Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Figan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- 5-g6, m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and the U.S. America 6-15 pm.—Town Delivery 9-3; p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland, Liverpool, Birkenhead Ormsk'rk, Isle of Man, and Scotland 40-30 p.m.—Night Mall Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra , Halfpenny Stamp 41-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign 4'Btters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m., 12 noon, 3-45 pm., and 6-15 p.m. except on Tbursd .ys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. BARLESIOWN AND NEWTON. ~./IP.Jan OFFICE ... High-st„ Newton roellatesmt Mr. James Jordan no ars of f Week-days, lam, to 9 p.m. Attendance. Sundays Ito 10 a.m. Boa closes at 5.4) p.m. The Telet.raph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30. and 3.30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posled with ordln ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary MAILS. I Extra Postage. lid. Stamp 5-0 a.m.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Eariestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and. North of Ireland (Day Mall Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool NorthWales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S ~sh Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earletdown, Golborne, Lowton Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Vtockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera filght Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE. SUB-OPPIt7ES, AND W ALL BESS ADE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS t • RECEIVING HousE— WEEK-DAYS. Sand Eariestown and 8 p.m. 4.30 p.m.

WAR RINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pte. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford hame 10 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oct. 6 Svrlnton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Lane. v Cumber. away 21 2 20 Altrincham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 3 Lane. v York 3 Widnes(S.W.L.&l3.T. Cup Comp)home 20 7 10 Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 0 Dec. 1 Widnes home 10 7 8 Lana. v Cheshire away 30 0 8 Altrl ncham away 19 0 15 Salford away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (SW .L &8.T.0 Comp)home 6 5 26 Runcorn home 0 2 29 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Jan. 1 Manningham away 26 3 6 Swinton away Q 11 12 Wigan home 8 7 19 Millom away 2 3 26 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham away , 0 Leigh away Broughton Rangers home 1.3 Stockport home Mar. 2 Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16 23 Cup Tie 3) Cup Tie Apl. 5 Gool Friday 6 Millom home 8 R M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

I Rigby was employed under hit-n. The average weekly amount which he earned was between 203 and 233. Mr Scott delivered an able address bearing upon his contention. He argued that the shed was not a factory and the applicant when employed in the shed was not engaged in a business to which th 3 Act applied. There were a number of definitions of a factory, the sub- stantial fact of which was that a business of this kind could not constitute a factory unless it was carried on by the aid of machinery. In the netting shed itself there was no machinery and the machinery in the rope walk was not driven by mechanical power. Osatinuing, Mr Scott said that the geographical proximity of the shed dil not make it a factory. He submitted that a man who was employed during the day in a factory and worked overtime at night in the shed was in precisely the same position as if he went to a shed which was quarter of a mile away. Mr Browne said his contention was that they could not divide the works. If the works was a factory it was a factory as a whole. His Honour : There are certain essential qualifications which must exist :in order to make it a factory. Mr Leslie Scott says tinge conditions do not exist in this particular area and therefore it cannot be a factory. Mr. Browne : I say the whole works is a factory within the Factory and Workshops Act, and if anything wrong took place in the room there would be a convic- tion. If the shed were ow se the walls I should not argue one moment that it w. 6 I% factory. The hand netting is part and parcel of the business and you cannot separate one from the other for trio purpose of estimat- ing the earnings.

F 0 ft DOUghS c*-44, iS.e. N' \ - t,,ft_cv mmt. EP w ell's mwA mnatsain 0 F A niseed. IT CURES COUGHS ASTHMA BRONCHITIS, AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. A Proved Remedy of 75 Years' Standillg. Sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, In bottles _l/I}, 2/3, 4/6, 84_11/- each.

HAVE YOU With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be die. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and Lad medical advice and b een told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but 00 not, for can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send an once a Postal Order for to. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT ,7S; Parringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Leg H Leg, ousemaid's Knee., Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned hands, ancl.l, Bunions. IRegisteredCopyright.i

MERRYWEATH ER ON Water Supply to Countrp mansions, hotels, and Public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD' PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, w.e. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

Eip_ si li;c;l7BndltrfuillikVezoo. fersooit a es 7 tens eaaniadnr ode preserves easlltohwes leatheryl lug with blacking. GOLD Mt:MAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST C 111 . tibbin AWARDS. Tins zd.. 6.1., 11- & 216 oj Boot Makers, Snddlors, Ironmonceors Zo.c. Manufactory Dulwich, London.

THE, GREAT REMEDY. 15114 A II? 548. GOUT lIXAI FOR GOUT. RIIBUMATISK SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pin le quickly relieved. Sure. Safe an effective. AS Chemisti and Stores at la. lid. and 2s. 9 per box

5o A S

I Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

TUB WANT MITRE DAY. MARIO STARCHED LINBN LIKE NEW. THE GREATEST , CRITCHLEys I elect toBOON e Leeoveerthet tor imparting an Ivory thalah to Starched k 411-..tik, ot, Linen, Laces, etc. a S. does not stick to spider- web - like materials 11 - - Once tried alwave '. "Ql: ' ' k '' ) dlladltb SI A, till‘ , ,- wante s n e Mintit P-'42.5.: ....ae . tSt Roy al Laundrie St Should be used in every house. Bold by most by Starch Salim in Packets, at 3d., [aided. Prepared only T. CRIMILEY, Blackburn.

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS re justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Bandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE BOOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and Es. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.O.

, eet anis' . • 34a$ CURES when all other Remedies fail, IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN ANOITRRO3BINOIAND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will ue ger regret it. Boxes, Hi. of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

a-ran al Es VII 1.1411.11V11 /LEIN/ ni/ THERA . PION This successful and highly popular remedy, as em ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, t lotches, pains and swell• ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the I aok, rheu- matism, gout, eirk‘ustion,sleeplessnees,nervous end physical debility. etc. Therapion is preparedlin three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to cllseasm for vf/' lola intended. Full particulars send stamped adiressed envelope, for pamphlet to MR. It. JOHNSON,W HOLFOIID-SQr.illE, LONDCa,

SYMINGTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious cofree in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottlns, from all Grocers. EUARANTEED PURE, 10e

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK . Boys and Girls can get a WICKET,. ; PLATRD WATCH, also a CHAIN and CHARM for soiling ii doren packages of jo 111.1.71 NE at Firepence each. Bend your ruM addreaa, including name of County, • by return mall, and we will forward the Bluine, pest paid, ..nr. litroe premium lid. No money_ required. BL IN Co. (Department F 1.1 241, Ctipey Road, Welt Norwood, London.

P.° H 40.7 • t 9 POLLS - (Ave tillous and Nervous Disorders EUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, &a MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT 9AFETY BY TEE INVALID, TEE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78. New 0-ziktrd Street, tendon, and scld by all Chemists and Prlediolne Vendors.

ortsmext AtUetes.

cAmAGE ED. HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C. the World-wide Dealers in • Sporting and Jimietic Outfits'. Requisites, for CRICKET, TENNIS, CYCLING, GOLFING, HOCKEY, POLO, FOOTBALL, CROQUET, PHOTOGRAPHY, FISHING, &c., &c., &c., A ND RECRATVEAMUSEMENTS OF ALL KINDS. Phtylng Cards ParEour Games, and Everything far MOOR' ilmuzsments. EVERYTHING of the Latest! EVERYTHING of the Best! Illustrated Descriptive Catalogue sent post free. PROMPT ATTENTION CIYEN TO COUNTRY ORDERS. Orders over 10s. Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). :A. W. GAMAGE LP HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C.,',

FIT .4.. f CUR_ Fran 0.. ern len et !Tzarina Eta er‘4lll. It Ilse eared PION ‘NRYI'LIi the *of/ vr rst ,Ases of Spilspsy when (wary other fame ly had fallad. Price 4e. 6,1. and 11.. Paw& Free. Tlioasande af Taftlm Snsd for a /free/lamp:, Bottle, and tea 1,1,. Writs to--(lberstrtment 7.! I. W. NICIPSOLIG, —.floral Char.:llml. 2,, kflso,

... SF E'b-7'4,04 1 -,1 1 .... ---- '-- (014A-POUNb;iI I c'd. TRA.OE MACItt ''At. , I 4t A • I S . i' -:f i 6 ~,,p,l ‘.,tl. 4: . - OIIGNS ~•:•-• ~ , ....• . ~ .#•,, . opeolps . , ,_. . .., ~•_ MPIPIA ..,. BROPIGIIITIS t . : ~.. 35 YEARS --PROVEN EFFICACY. 1 -__ AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ . LOOSENS PHLEGM -.• ALLAYS GOUGht. , .. 6/VES IMMED/ATE RELIEF • • '‘IINUM CATHAPTICUM PILLS. •:- .. FOR INDIGESTION 8 ITS EVILS.,.7,,NC:k‘' SICK+4EADACHE • BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • &c.,;:, I AN- AGREEABLE APERIENT: KAYS TIC PILLS • •:----- .:. 1.•• ~ .:•fr-. GUPE FAGEACHE & NEURALGiA: • a REFUSE 5U8.577 TUTES..: 30-D &AI.L CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRI TRIM & THE

1577. The chief feature of this year was the war be- tween Russia and Turkey, which raged furiously in the Balkans for many months, and only ended in the fall of Plevna, after a heroic defence by Osman Pasha. 1878. This year will be sadly remembered by many as that in which the lamented Princess Alice died—a martyr to her maternal duty. The long and use- ful life of Earl Russell also came peaceably to a close. A Congress of the Great Powers was held at Berlin to endeavour to solve the Eastern problem, Lords Beaconsfield and Salisbury and Ode Russell being the representatives of England. 1879. The Zulu War—in which the Prince Imperial, Louis Napoleon, lost his life, in which a whole British force was annihilated at Isandhlwana, and which brought King Cetewayo a captive to Eng- land—belongs to this year. Peace was concluded with the Ameer, but afterwards the British Mission was foully massacred at Cabul. The Egyptian difficulty began by this time to loom up P • Ismail Pasha was deposed in favour of his son, Tewfik. At Windsor on March 13 the Duke of Con- naught was married to Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia. 1880. Parliament, after lasting six years was dissolved, and the result led to the Conservatives resigning and Lord Ilartington, Lord Granville, and Mr. Gladstone being successively sent for, Mr. Glad- stone consented to take office. The Queen paid a visit to the Continent, and opened Parliament in person. 1881. An Irish Land Bill, introduced by Mr. Glad- stone, and a bill for the protection of life and pro- perty in Ireland, were passed. On one occasion the House of Commons sat for 42 hours. Sir Wilfrid Lawson's Local Option Resolution was carried by 42 votes. April of this year witnessed the death of a great statesman in the person of Earl of Beaconsfield. On 13th March the startling news was received of the assassination of the Emperor of Russia. The war against Dutch Boers in the Transvaal resulted in a series of battles—in the last of which, that of Majuba Hill, our troops were terribly defeated—and a compromise for the sake of peace. 1882. The Egyptian ombroglio was now exciting great attention abroad. The state of affairs there resulted in the insurrection under Arabi Pasha, which was finally exterminated by British troops under General Wolseley. In the month of May Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke were murdered in open day while walking in the Phcenie Park, Dublin, by Fenian& The world was this year again startled by another attempt on the Queen at Windsor. A man named Roderick Maclean fired a revolver at her Majesty as she drove past him from the Windsor railway station. The marriage of Prince Leopold to Princess Helen of Waldeck was one of the events of this year. 1883. The International Fisheries Exhibition at South Kensington was one of the features of this year, and its success led to several others in the follow- inn' years. A lump sum of £30,000 to Lord Wolseley and £25,000 to Lord Alcester was voted in recognition of their services in Egypt. The war in the Soudan became a source of ter- rible anxiety, and on September 6 an army of 10,000 strong was sent, under the command of Hicks Pasha by the Egyptian Government to attack the lLhdi. It was eneozmtered by the Arabs, attacked, defeated, and elataghtered. 1884. In this year a great trial fell upon the Queen in the sudden death of her youngest son, the Duke of Albany, which occurred at Cannes. The progress of the operations in the Soudan was the object of attention abroad, and the endeavours of Lord Wolseley at the head of a British expedition to rescue the heroic Genera Gordon immured .at Khartoum, were watched with breathless interest. The march, full of dangers, which poor, ill-fated General Stewart made across the desert from Korti, will not soon be forgotten. 1885. Early in the year the news came of Gorclon's death, causing the most widespread regret and moving the nation to tears. On 23rd July the marriage of Princess Beatrice with Prince Henry of Battenberg was celebrated at Whippingham Church, Isle of Wight. The Conservatives were returned in a majority at the General Election. 1886. An election took place in July,.wesulting in the return of the Conservatives to power. 1887-1897. The Jubilee of her Majesty's reign was cele- brated with great splendour in 1887,i In January, 1892, the Duke of Clarence (elder eon of the Prince of Wales) died fee& an attack of influenza. In 1893 the Duke of York was married to Princess May of Tack. In 1894 the Czar Alexander of Russia died and was succeeded by Nicholas 11., who married a granddaughter of the Queen. In the same year the wedding took place of the Grand Duke of Hesse and Princess Victoria Melita of Coburg. Her Majesty aroused great enthusiasm in Manchester by her visit thither for the purpose of formally opening the Ship Canal. In 1896 the Emperor Nicholas and the Empress arrived at Balmoral on a visit to the Queen. In January of this year Prince Henry of Battenburg (husband of the Princess Beatrice) died on his way home from Africa. In 1897 her Majesty completed the sixtieth year of her reign, and thus passed the longest limit pre- viously attained by any English sovereign. There were splendid pageants in London and celebrations throughout the length and breadth of the Empire. The presence of Colonial troops and represen- tatives of foreign states was a noteworthy feature, and the thanksgiving service at St. Paul's was a magnificent scene. 1897-1901. In 1899 the usual visit was made to the south of France in the spring and. her Majesty returned in May in time to lay the foundation stone of the Victoria and Albert Museum at South Kensington in the presence of . a brilliant assembly. The eightieth birthday of her Majesty was celebrated a few days afterwards both in London and the country, and throughout the Empire with impres- sive and enthusiastic. demonstrations of loyalty and affection. Later in the year she displayed wonder- ful vigour, both at her inspection of the Guards prior to their departure for South Africa, and on the occasion of a visit to Bristol. The usual visit to the Coniment, arranged for the spring of 1900, was abaudoned by her Majesty, whose care for her soldiers in South Africa was manifested in every possible way, as, for instance, by her gift to all the men out thereof "the Q ueen'sChocolate," originally designed as a Christmas gift, but unavoidably de- layed till after that date. On March Bth Her Majesty left Windsor and paid a short visit to London city. A huge crowd assembled in front of Buck- ingham Piteme at night and sang the National Anthem And other patriotic songs. On April 2 her Majesty I,ift Windsor Castle for Dublin, where she stayed lot three weeks. Her last previous visit to Ireland had been made 39 years before, and she received an enthusia.stic and even affec- tionate welcome from all ranks and creeds. Two heavy bereavements fell upon her Majesty during the year in the death of her son, Prince Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg, and of her grandson, Prince Christian Victor, while on service in South Africa. In the early days of the present year her Majesty received Lord Roberts on his return from South Africa and created him an Earl and a K.O.

DELICIOUS, MAZAWATTEH TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEH TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA SOE AGENTS HENRY MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCER ETC.. 6. HORMIMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT DENTISTRY. TEETH. Ampointments uarnnraecengsesesiry,:but may TEETH. All consultations re . TEETH Bach patient informed beforehand the 1304 i . work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH, P• 4 film Extraction as hitherto by the of nitrous Oxide. TF ET H. Maher to Dentis o 13,000 gallons w ekly. Exors. of ate J. Fl. PARKINSON (DEnur BT Ravi MOSLRY-STREEF creephon^ '660. ST. lIELENg —•-•-• ....-.GEORGE-STREET JAIONDAI , o a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EAII4,EST ERIDOE-STREE/ • TUr.SDAY, 2 p.m. WA II RING TON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESD IX, 2 to 5. RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICR—.... 18, APPL EMARKET-STREE? FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGE. mccomucx—MooßE—January 13th. at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rev. G. W. Dickenson, Thomas MOCormick to Mary Moore. DEATHS. RADCLiFFE —Janngry Bth, at Fotherglit-street, Warrinzton, William Radcliff a, aged 71 years. SHOYELTON—january 11th. at Winviick-street, Warrington, Thomas Shovelton, aged 52 years. JorrEs—Jannary 13th, at Loyd; -lane, Warrington, Junes Jones, aged 65 years. AsoffroN—January 14th, at .New-road, Warrington, Mary Ash* m. tvl 69 yeatra. GANDY—January 16th. at Wellington-street. Warrington. Ada Gandy, agel 23 years.

FRIA.RS' GREEN, Warrington OPI. -mite Arpley Station. Also at SIANCIIESTRE-ROAD T , (late Essenhigh's.) S. • WARD AND CO. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C,, Makers et 'rids of Chimney Pieces, 31,muments. Torahs T. Vet Fulpits, Fonts, Headstones to Qrautte. Marble, andSbne. Deeigas and Estimates Free. LETTER CUIIiNG. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMBNI'S A SPECIALITY,
