===== 0002601_19010301_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BE RESFORDS 77, CHURCH-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR Li NE t. - ROYA MAIL STEAMERS. -- LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Ilazgo,, Queenstown. I Cl/ "-,-IC Wed Mar 6 I OCEANIC .. Wed., Mar. 13 MRIo Third Fri.,' Mar, 8 I TEUTONIC...Wed.. Mar. 20 o,„_ Class passage at low rates including Outfit free ot ialte to New York, Boston, Philalelphia, or Baltimore 444 s') larcar, IMBIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur W, a. 1 34, Leadenhall etre 11, ILP,,. London

===== 0002601_19010301_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1142.

WIDOW WSLOR'S FILLS FOR FRMALII,COMPLAINT- MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul s. London, are 'engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold lßoxes at 25.9 d. each by most Chemists.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

WARRINGTON UNION.—PERSONS willing • to CONIRACT for the supply of any of the under, mentioned articles from Lady Day to Michaelmas next. To abe delivered free of expense at tie Warrington Union Workhouse, or at the Industrial Schools, Pad- gate, at such times and in such quantities as the Board of guardians shall direct, are requested to send in TENDERS, properly sealed, endorsed, and free of expense, addressed to the Clerk of the Guardians, before four o'clock p.m. on TUESDAY, the 12th day of MARCH, 1901. The following are the articles for which TENDERS are required : Groceries and Provisions Shoes, Clogs and Slippers Beef and _ Mutton Glazing _ _ _ _

.. Joints for Officers Broshes Flour and Irish pin head meal Coffins • Loaves and Bread Beet Oakum rope for picking Straw and Potatoes Best Penmaenmawr Stone Drapery &e, for breaking purposes Cord and Twill Leather Coal, Black, and Gas Coke

Samples of any of the above may be seen on application to the Master of the Workhouse. The Coal and Slack supplied must oe to the satisfaction of the House and Schools Com- mittees. The Pit and quality of coal must be named la the Tender. Forms of tender and fell particulars as to the probable quantities of each article required may be obtained at the Clerk's Office. _ _

Each tender must be made upon the prescribed form and properly enclosed and endorsed with the name of the article tendered for. Each article tendered for must be of size material and quality shown at the Workhouse. No tenders for other articles will be accepted. Bach contractor must be pre- pared (if required) to enter into security for the due perform- ance of his contract. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. All contract accounts will be paid quarterly.—By order. JAMES CLOWNS SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, February 26th, 1901.

FRIDAY, 11123.11.C13 1, 1901.

TLLUMINATED ADDRISSS, DI E-STAMPING Fae-Sinillea of asadwriting. Typewriting, plans, gam titles Bco., copied and litLographed.—BßOOKß AND SaN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street. Warrington.

C OUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGION.-TO ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS. ESTIMATES FOR ELECTRICAL LIGHT INSTALLA- TION are invited for the NEW POLICE BUILDINGS. Specification and particulars can be obtained from the Architects. Messrs. Cackett and Burns Dick, 24, Grainger. street West, Newcastle-on-Tyne on and after the 25th inst. Parties applying to state references to recently executed works. Tenders, endorsed "Electric installation, New Police Buildings" to be sent to my office on the date named by Architects. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS, LONGDIN. Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Town Hall. Warrington

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING,

IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. PROURAMMES FOB BAZAARS. dROGRAMMES FOB SALES OF WORK.

Telephone 0489. PRINTING.FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, FOR ALL KINDS OF )RINTING, BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHING,

Bir posTiis73id per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum xi 9d. per Quarter crud

JOHN W T KER AID BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. BE WsEy STREET, WARRINGTON. PRINTLNG FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS,

J. WALKEk & Co "ExAmTNER" OFFICE'. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, JOHN W ALIiDR AND CO.,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary 1 but may be arranged_ TEETH All consultations free. Bach pa tient fnformed beforehand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An N.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the ald of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. kaker to Deucista of 10.000 gallons weekly. Ekon. of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST ET BIAX.W

MANCHESTER-...... 46, MOSLEY-STREIC v.!

(Telephone 1660),

MR. 111 ADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...-.-...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a. m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON _...3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,- --- - - -31. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH APPLEMARKET-STREETI FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDES DANDELION COVEN

G

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publi3. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanhitai M.. 10d., and Is. M. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDES AND 90N. LTD WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19010301_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTA.BLIHRD 1833

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES-STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS, !co. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams: " HoLLINGwORTH. Latchford."

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALEN ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASF, or BOTTLES from B. CTJN,NINGELAM! WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES, OWEN STREET.

UNDER THE CLOCK

BRIDUE STRgET, IVARRINGTON

' FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

T. ALLEN AND SONS,

(OF) WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE LTHATI.THEY HAVE OPENED TA BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN 0 (MEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A srocK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH, AND COLORS.

ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING. GASFITTING, ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTS FOB " WELSEACH " INCANDESCENT LIGHTS.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FERE.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. =stump AGAINST. THEFT [INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE • RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNH ILL, LONDON. Established 1849, CLAIMS PAID £4,303.00D A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS T. Agents wanted in unrepresented District*. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market GAte Mr. W.H. RlGHEY.Nesscliffe, Victorla-rd., LAL^titora St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street Haydoek Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Fridge Farnworth Mr. J.. HOLLAND WATSON.Mo..rfield Hotit

WANTED IN CAYADA. Capitalists, persons with moderate incomes, Farmers, Farm Labourers, young men desiring to lean farming, and Domestic Servants, for whom spee.al arrangements are made.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
FREN GRAM'S OF LAND

- - In ONTARIO, Illenronk end the NAM WEST. Crown Lands in other Provinces. l'betp irnprovea farms.

. - - ------• NO lit:NT. FREE *tcnaotg. 1w Taxui IDALTIT CLIMATE. GnOwlliti litantL. INCREASING PReSPERITT. Pamphlets. ltalpe, reliable information and advice on all miters of interest lo intr.:wing SeWers, and as to the trade and commerce ot the Duminiou, gratis an! pot free. Particulars can also h 3 attested from the Allan Dominion. and Rider Dempster Steamship Compinies, or then' local agents, or from the Canadian .eacifig Railway Company. Ccrrevondence invited and personal interviews arranged Apply to the CANADIAN C,OVIDIMIHNT AGSM= 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN WALKER AND CO

PROPRIETORS OF THE

WARRINGTON AND MID•CRESHIRE EXAMINER.

EARLESTOWN. AND NEWTON

EXAMINER,

•

J•v,,Tre: s'•7l:4 Y 3. •

r

.

;

'.4111411

2 ALWAYS USE M DOUG-A1I:87 PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN EXAMINER.

WIDNES EXAMLNER.

ST. FIELEN3 EXAMINER: PRIN f ING, BOOKBINDING, LITHOGRAPHY, Szo,, CIRCULARS, MEMORA_NDII3IS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, eze.

;Z:.7.7,Star!

===== 0002601_19010301_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR 1\ ELLIE, The burnt straw hats which some milliners endeavour to make their customers believe to be mournin* ar certaiuly not so, even though trimmed with clack. Black violets and black roses make pretty and effective trimmings, nest- ling in among chiffon and taffetas. The favourite all-round shape, which is worn tilted well forward over the face, as indeed most of the better hats are, is stylish wear for mourning, with a plain tailor costume, simply trimmed with a soft silk scarf, notted at one side into a large careless bow. Toques of black gauze with aigrettes of small ostrich feathers, or of dull silk trimmed with jet- centred flowers, are very fashionable, as are those of crape-straw, twisted into bows and loops and mingled with dull silk and stiff black wings. Thco there are large hats of soft black felt with drooping brims, trimmed with glace silk bows and bang feathers, or of chip with a big ruche of silk gauze round the low crown, a couple of jet buckles in front, and strings of the gauze tying under the chin with long ends. Later on velvet bats will be .again in favour, while the sombreness of all millinery will be relieved with clusters of ondlei white and mauve flowers

The latest evening bodices have a stiff, straight, very pointed stomacher in the centre, which gives a flat, hard look to the figure, and, of course, the straight-fronted corset underneath is a necessity. These stomachers are encrusted with jewelled em- broidery, or covered with rich lace, and the lace fichu round the décolletage seems to be the natural accompaniment. Elbow sleeves with full lace ruffles will be the chief wear for both day and evening gowns, as the weather grows warmer. Shorter sleeves mean the use of long mousquetaire ewes, which give such a graceful effect ruffled up the arm to the elbow. Taffetas shirts, tucked and ribbed perpendicularly from shoulder to waist, asomery suitable for morning wear, but on- teas theAaffetas be of a very good, soft quality, it isiaptt split.and crack where it goes into folds— whilst.enraia often frays itself cut at the seams—a good make of China silk is best for wear. The mew bolero shirt is a very original model, both shistiand simulated bolero being cut with over- =stitched pleats. A bolero of guipure or cloth is much worn in the house over a et-shirt, by those who feel the blouse pure ali,l simple to be somewhat too youthful in style.

At the present time, the materials most in favour for outdoor costumes are vicun frieze serge and dull smooth clo:11, and tiley are, as a rule, made up very plainly with stitched, braided or corded skirts and reefer or blouse coats, faced with mourning silk. Large full boas of black gauze or chiffon are much worn, although sable and sealskin are both admissible furs for mourning wear. as well as cancel, astrachan and black fox. Cream or white Iwo collars are temporarily out of favour, but heavy black guipure lace is used a good deal, and jet, in both the dull and the cut varieties, is usedas a trimming, especially for indoor dresses. These latter are being made of all kinds of soft, black woollen materials, especially cashmere and thin cloth, and many models have full vests of blackisoft silk or gannyfinely tucked or smocked, while others are brightened by vests of white chiffon sometimes strapped down with very narrow bands of black glace silk and tiny jet buckles. Long swathed sashes of soft silk make a nice finish to these house-gowns, but shaped and, boned belts of glace are quite as much in vogue, a.ndiare less expensive. Deep mauve and purple g see blouses, trimmed with black lace appliques or jetted pas- sementerie, are not infrequently worn with black skirts indoors, but with walking-costumes all. black blouses are more correct, according to pre- vailing ideas.

Poplin is very well worn, both for day and evening and it is a material to which pathetic interest attaches now, in view of the liking our late Queen had for this fabric and the support she gave to Irish manufactures generally. The demand for ready-made skirts and blouses has been enormous, for there is not that discrepancy between a black blouse and skirt that there is between a coloured one, and the combination admits of some very elegant effects. The prettiest blouses are those simple, soft silk slips, fastening down fhe back, with transparent inlet yokes and collars of black lace or guipure ; these are confined at the waist by a broad corselet belt or a narrow ribbon, as the shape of the figure demands. You loving Jzmni,

;: • , ° --,•.. ..!...` ':,, .' '''. ' •- ! .-,,i • . -4'9•;-", i.": • -,,.•- -0--- e ---1--..4.-y2,,,,, / 7 / / , fi, cdr,..>:-..5,5, fr

+.3y4 7, C 1 / / , 11, 1 /1 -,;,

ti...c..!1s : '7f , -VI, ' ..-, ' '\'' .t'.V't-.- A% \S\''', lir"- .' . A ' .---i''';:--:s-: .._.,... . V, ..,,,,.-1 --- - -..... \ 1-i;4l • _______ 2 ..: .:...--- ,‘ , , ••;, _:-_-____=---- • --.: • ,_. , \ -,..,,......„..i.„.„„.„ * • .v \,. i\\ e \ k•‘? \N, , \ 1 . ,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King sod Queen have always taken the greatest interest in the gardens and home farms attached to the Royal residetces. Queen Alexandra is a devoted lover of flowers, and the beautiful gardens at Sandringham, where the early spring flowers may be seen at their best. have long been her Majesty's especial care. There is also an extensive home-farm at Sandringham, where, as also at Windsor, the Royal herds of pure bred cattle,are among the finest in the world. Fortunately, both the King, and the Duke of Cornwall and York take much the same practical interest in agriculture. as did the late Prince Consort, who established the famous Shaw, and Flemish Farms at Windsor,about 50 or 60 years ago. This interest in farming is also shared by Princess Henry of Battenberg to whom the stock on the large home farm at Osborne, has been left, by the late Queen. After the death of George 111, royalty ceased to take any practical interest in agriculture, until Prince Con- sort took it up, and it is satisfactory that this will be continued, as it is announced that all the Royal farms at Osborne, Windsor, and at Abergeldie Maine, near Balmoral, will be kept on by the King as hitherto. There could hardly be a more sad and eorrowtul journey than that of the King to visit his widowed and tnvalid sister, the Empress Frederick, at Cronberg. The , accounts of Her Majesty"s illness vary at times, but all agree that the nature of the disease precludes any hope of recovery. Then the great sorrow which bas fallen upon the Royal Family, adds a still more mournful note to this sad end hopeless outlook. Altogether the Em- press Frederick seems to have had more than her share of the troubles which are the common let of humanity. Never very cordially received in Germany, she was en- gaged in one long struggl , with Bismarck, and many discourtesies embittered her married life. Then, just when he teethed them most, she lost the love and eup- port of her husband under the saddest possible circum- stances. Many sad memories must darken these closing days. and one can only feel the greatest sympathy for the Empress Frederick and her family. Friedrichshof, where the Empress Frederick lies, is indeed a treasure house of curiosities, and objets dart collected by Her Majesty. During the early days of widowhoodehis hobby helped thelEmpress through many a sad hour, and even now her interest in an ancient vase or piece of tapestry can frequently be aroused. The magnificent library at Friedrichshof contains a valuable collection of books, and here much of Her Majesty's time was spent until very recently. Like her mother, our late beloved Queen, the Empress Frederick barever devoted little time to novel reading, preferring above all others, historical, theological, or biographical writ ks. Of Queen Victoria's daughters, only one, the Emnresa Frederick is entitled to wear uniform—Her Majesty being Colonel-in-Chief of the 2ad Prussian Hussars, also commander of a regiment of German Fusiliers. Of the late Queen's daughters-in-law. three out of the four can don uniform if they please. Queen Alexandra is chief of a Dar ish cavalry corps, the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg- Gotha is Lead of a regiment of Russian Dragoons, and Colonel of a German Grenadier regiment, while the Duchess of Connaught is the nominal commander of the regiment cf infantry which was formerly captained by her illustrious father, Prince Frederick Charles of Pruse,a. Thete appointments are purely honorary ones of course, but some exalted women Colonels there are who have actually " seen service." Among them is the ex. Queen Marie of Naples, the heroine of the siege or Gaeta, the last stronghold in Italy of the ill-fated Emir- bonS. King Edward has always taken an active interest in the many attempts in karliament to remove the restric- tions upon marriage with a deceased wife's sister, and it is believed that there is now a good prospect of such a measure being passed into law this Session. The long struggle between the opponents and supporters of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill, has been continued with varying fortune, but it is confidently expected that it will be finally decided in its favour this year. As a rule the Bishops have defeated these endeavours in the past though two years ago,such a Bill was passed in the House of Lords, when however it was too late for the Hews of Commons to take it up that Session. The present Bill, which would be retrcepective in its opera- tion, is In charge of Sir W Gurdon, and it has sr cured a favourable place for early discussion in the House of Commons. Should it receive the expected measure of support in that Chamber, there is little doubt that the House of Lords will consent to its being placed on the statute book in the first Parliament of the King. Cencernine the many taxes imposed by Society, the wedding present tax cacnot be said to rank among the least, and not a few folk have reason to be grateful for the fact that the present lull in weddings will as any rate last throughout Lent. There are a few fashionab e functions of this description arranged to take place after Easter has come and gone, but the rush is over, and Society folk, who have been called upon heavily of late, have for thi• year, weathered the worst of the wedding " present" storm. The shops are very busy with preparations for the Easter season, which, under ordinary circumstances, is the time of the year when they are seen at their best and brightest. All appearances go to show that trade will not suffer PO much as was expected. There is the necessary abandonment of many society entertainments, but the frequent appearance of the King and Queen in London tends to promote public activity, and there is a general disposition to zesnend to this encourage- ment. The necessity for introducing variety into the monotony of black, has brought to light much hidden talent, and it is positively marvellous, what a diversity is sow possible with the one sable hue only at our disposal. As the spring advances white and black will be the wear, and so soon as summer is with us, white unrelieved promises to become almost universal wear. At present there is little new to chronicle concerning skirts. They still fit perfectly over the hips, with a flat 1 box pleat at the b•ck, springing out below the knees into very wide full folds, which fall about the feet. Much has been said of late abeut the disappearance from the skirt fashionable of the shaped flounce., but, as a matter of fact, this form of trimmings was never in greater favour with leading dressmakers than at the moment. Usually they are deeper at the back than in the front, but the very newest skirts show a flounce of the same depth, the whole way round. *Accordian kilted turn s of black glace, edged with fine black lace, are taking the place of the fur neckwear of vied), together with the weather which has long made it a necessity, we are a little weary- Extra smart creations hay an inner ruffling of kilted tulle, which softens, and tones down the slight harshness of the glace These are likely to prove more lasting and substantial than rufli.s built of chiffon or tulle, especially when we take into consideration that the March winds lie before us. Ends of rather wide glace ribbon should reach well to the knees.

I -10 -

Z-15 p.m

5-30 8-0

As a rule, the many attempts to improve upon the old-fashioned style of mourning envelope have not been a success. They have usually resulted in some device equally hideous, but this can scarcely he said of a novelty which has been produced to meet the large de- mand for mnurnirg stationery, in consequence of the death of the Queen. This consists of a small black bordered square in the corner, where ths stamp is placed. so I hat it appears with a mourning band round it. If such things are necessary, this is a diqtinct im- provement upon the old style of mourning envelope, with its unsightly blacie edges and seams. "MADGE."

CLARKS'S B 41 PILL 3 are warranted to core, in either sex, all acquired or constitutionnl Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the bac':. Free from MPTCIII, SetaWelled upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. Ed. each. of II Chemists and Pa:rent Medicioe Vendor, throuvh- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

FLOR/LINE 1-I,OE THE TEETH A.ND IPIEAT - ThOroa Ihr cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden al.:, gums, prevtfits tartar. stops 'decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragran •P to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar or the Florilins • Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. - Aidif

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR—If your hair 1, turning grey orwhite or NM:II4 off me the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will Positively resthre. in every ease, urey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well ,to promoting the growth. Price Ze 6d rer bottle.—Adtt•

PLASTIC ETOCIUNGS, ERRE CAPS, &C.—For VariCOse Vein and ail cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprain ; they are porous, light in texrute, and inexpensive, an are drawn on like an ordirptry stocking.— Prices 48. 64 7s Cal.. end 10s. 6d. each —Postage free.—WRITR AND WRIGHT. Surgical Instrument and Truss Mlkers. 93, Hen- haw-btrret, top of Bold-street, Llverpool.—A,

• ' -,,•17"'7:';

10-35 am

THE EXAMINER, FRIt) V. MARCH 1 1901

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POBT OFFICE, WARRINGTON

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be _poet ed

with Ordinary Postage. and with .... Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Parnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Prodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newohurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall. Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- to 100 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and B. Lancashire. 9.30 am.—London. Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, aad the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North :Valet. and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan. cotland, Liverpool, Prescot. Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South p.m.—Liverpool, Southport. Ormskirk. B ith. Borist Exeter 'Gloucester, Plymouth. Yorkshire, Mancheste 8 East Lancashire. and Scotland 0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wcgan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northsvicb Nantwich and Sandbaoh 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby. Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch. Newton-le

_ -- Willow', Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgat e and Beweey p,m.—Lymm, Thalwall. Heatley 5 p.m.—St. Helens p.m.—Blanchester . Liverpool and Chester p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Vigan, Preston, N. 43. Lancashire, and West Cumber- nd 5-45, m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown anti the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-3. p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland, Liverpool, Birkenhead Orrnsk'rk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mall Despatch, All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties. and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at a.m.. 12 noon, 3-45 p m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended.

EARLESIOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE •.. • Hlgh-st„ Newton POSTMASTER • Mr. James Jordan lior of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. "E Sundays 7 to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5- 41 p.m. The Tele.naph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to Bk,. ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 2-15, 7-15 p.m„ and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.. 12-30,and 3.30 p.m

owing the tl ary Post Ordinary Postage.

LIST OF DESPATCHES irne to whlch a letter can be DlSteri with °Min and with an extra halfpenny amp MAILS. I Extra lid. Stamp

5-0 a.m.

940 .. 9-55 ~ 10-30 ..

===== 0002601_19010301_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
stage,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
(Conright.)

RUBY LOVEDAY.

BY SILAS K. HOCKING, Author of "The Strange Adventures of Israel Pendray," "The Day of Recompense," "God's Outcast," "In Spite of Fate," "Her Benny, " tax.

CHAPTER XVII.

A FAMILY COUNCIL. _ "We must not play the coward, Even though gain should lie that way."

It was evening and nearly dark when he reached Endilloe. The day had been one of the longest he could remember. So impatient was he to•reach home that he scarcely noticed the green mantle of spring with which nature was clothing the hills and fields. Several times he tried to lose himself in the paps of a stirring novel that he brought with him. But reading was altogether out of the question. Nothing would have suited him so well as being stoker on the engine. At last! at last!. The train had scarcely stopped when he was out on the platform. He had seen his father and was by his side in it moment. "My boy, you look pale and thin," John said, with a pathetic shake in his voice.: "I have been working hard," was the quick reply; "but how are you and the others ? " We are all very well; that is, we are very well in health," was the somewhat dubious answer; and then Justin's luggage claimed immediate attention. In a few minutes they were driving along the quiet lanes in the direction of Endißoe. .Justin's heart was too full for speech. The very smell of the dear homeland was like a benediction to him., The breezy April day was dying swiftly in the west, the outlines of the hills were growing vague and indistinct.

"Everything looks very natural, Father," he said at length, trying to keep out of his voice all trace of emotion. "Well, it's getting too dark to see stitch, my boy," was the reply. "But things don't change much down this way—at least, they don't in appearance." Justin was quick to note the qualifying note in his father's words, but decided to wait for explanations. • Dorothy was at the garden gate when the trap. drove up, and greeted her brother with a silent kiss. She could not trust herself to speak just then. At the open door stood the mother=a veritable Martha in her own house, cumbered about much serving. She kissed her son on both cheeks and then held his face between her hands and looked at him in silence.

There was an appetising supper ready to be put on the table, and in a few minutes the little family circle was complete once more. Justin gave a long sigh when his father came in and took his seat and the door was shut.

"Oh, it is lovely to be home again," he said. "One never knows how nice home is till one goes away." "We have missed you terribly, Justin," Dorothy answered, without looking at him. "And it seems years ago since you went away," said the mother.

John looked up as though he meant to say some- thing and then thought better of it, and proceeded to attack his supper. For awhile there was silence. Then Mrs. rentyre looked up and said: "And hare you come home for good, Justin ? " "I hope so, mother." "But it will mean a great loss to you ?* Dorothy questioned. „_ _ _

"That remains to be seen," he said, with a laugh. "And then you know, Dorothy, money is not everything." .. "And London is a terribly dear place tolive Mrs. Pentyre interposed. "There is no doubt about that, mother, but let's not talk about London now. What about Endilloe ? Have there been any fresh developments lately ? " John laid down his knife and fork and looked troubled. "I thought we wouldn't talk about it," he said, "till we'd finished our supper." "Then you have some fresh news ? " he questioned. "Yes Justin, we have, but—"

"Oh,' never mind th,e 'but,'" he interrupted, with a laugh. "Let's have it at once. I can assure you I'm not going to let it spoil my appetite." "Well, then, Justin, I'm afraid we shall have to leave here. Bice was round here again yesterday—" "Confound him!" "Yes, we may confound him as much as we like, but I'm afraid he's got the whip-hand of us." _

"Because we've no papers, Justin." "But what title has Lord Tregeigle ? " "Well, Bice says that he's absolute title, and that I and my father before me and his father and his—have all been living here on sufferance." "Which statement you asked him to prove ? " "I did; and he produced a big map, coloured red— " Which embraced Endilloe, of course ? " "It did, my son." • Justin laughed. "It'll take a good:deal of bluff of that kind US affect me," he said.

"What do you mean by bluff ? " Dorothy questioned. "I mean, Dorothy, that Bice and his master expect, no doubt., that if they only bluster, and shew fight, and threaten, and make assertions loud enough, that we shall yield, -and they will be able to take undisturbed possession."

"But what can a poor man do" John inter- posed, pathetically, "when a great landlord drops down upon him in that way? A big magnate like Tregeagle has all the machinery of the nation at his back." _ _

"I know all the odds are in his favour," Justin answered; "nevertheless, it would be cowardly to yield without a struggle. You are now about the only freeholder left in the parish, and Tregeagle wants to crush you out as he has crushed out all the others. But there's going to be a fight for it this time."

"I would not mind fighting," John said, sadly, "if any good was likely to come out of it." "No good can come of quietly yielding," Justin said, with spirit. "I don't know about that," John replied. "Bice says that if I let the thing go without making a fuss, there is a chance that,' may be allowed to have the farm again at the same rent." "Did he say that?" "Well, those are not his exact words, but he hinted at it plain enough. -On the other hand, if I do resist, I shall be turned out of the farm, and in the end I fear shall lose Endilloe into the bargain." "Oh, I see. Well, they are playing a pretty_ deep game; but it isn't going to answer this time." John shook his head.

- "No, father. You have sent for me and I have come home, but I have not.corue home to yield up my life at the bidding of the agent of Lord Treg- sagle. I have come home to fight this thing out and I intend to do it to the last drop of my blood." Dorothy's nostrils dilated and her eyes sparkled, but she did not say anything just then." ”But there is another side to the question, my son," John said, after a pause. "If Endilloe really does belong to Lord Tregeagle, as Mr. Bice says it does, why— . 'Please let us not discuss that if,' father," Rutin interrupted, hastily. "Endilloe has belonged to the Pentyres for generations." "But Lord Tregeagle is an honourable man, and be evidently believes that Endilloe belongs to him." "Very likely he does. Men of his class generally believe that everything belongs to them that they can lay hands on." - "Well, and when thingrare sifted to the bottom, it is generally found that they are right. They own nearly all the land of England." "Quite true," Justin said, with a cynical smile. "Well, look at Wintel•down Common as a case in point," John went on. "There were three hundred acres of it, and it had beet looked upon as common land for generations. Everybody that liked turned Out his cows and sheep and donkeys on it. But it was ehewn, in the end, that nobody had any right to do it. The land all the while belonged to Lord Tregeagle and Lord Pottyways and ten, years ago, as you may rentelober, they divided it equally between them and it is now let out in small farms which bring them in a good rent." "Exactly," Justin' U.))suetvd "and the same story may be tom in neagy every parish in England. A hundred years ago there was some common land in England that belonged to the people. There was a green in. every village where the children had a right to play. But that day is over. Nearly every acre of common land has been filched from the people and added to the estates of the rich." "No, do not say filched, ' Justin. You might to well say that they have stolen the land." "Exactly. Ido not mind which word you use, either will snit Inn." ' • "But they don't suit me, my son. You can't object to people claiming their rights." gi

"Rights, father?" he said, slowly and bitterly. "They have grown up—have been cradled in the belief, in fact, that they only have rights, and that the poor people have no rights at all. We have been robbed and oppressed for centuries." "No, no, that is wild Radical talk, and I hate It. I believe in the old ways, and the old laws, and the old constitution, and we are taught to render respect to our betters." "Oh, yes," Justin said, impatiently. "I will render respect to any man who is deserving of respect. But when a man tries to rob me, then I will Tesist him to the last gasp." "I don't blame you for feeling strongly," John .111 lied slowly. "I felt just as bitter myself when Id Bice first came sneaking round here. But when he assured me yesterday that Lord Tregeagle's title was good and that he'd been generous all these sears in not enforcing it, what could I do?" "You could have given him the lie to his face. As it is, he will assume that you have lost, or mislaid, the deeds, and so will become all the more arrogant inconsequence." _

"Oh, 1:ve1l, Justin, I'm not a fighting man, as you know, and I'm awfully glad you've come home, for I've been at my wits' end." "And will you leave the matter now in my hands "

"Well, Justin," and John shook his head slowly from side to side, "it's this way: you never would be a farmer, and there is nothing else that I can do. And if I'm turned (Alt from here, what's to become nf me?"

Justin dropped his head, and for some time ate in silence. His father seemed bent on giving away the whole case, and if he was going to remain in that mood, there was no use in attempting anything. He would be like a man fighting with his hands Lied.

Dorothy was watching him intently. She could read his face like a book, and she dreaded lest he should say that he would give up the whole conten- tion, and go away again. For herself, she believed in resisting to the last. The Pentyres in the past had been much too yielding, and consequently had lost nearly all their possessions. It was time that someone came who had strength to resist. She spoke up at last. "Are you forgetting those who will come after you, father ?" she inquired. John started and looked at her for a moment in silence.

"I'm afraid I have been forgetting," he said at length. "Yes, it's a very proper question." Justin's brow cleared at once, and he looked across the table at Dorothy and smiled. John did not speak again for some time, then he turned to Justin.

"Endilloe is as much yours as mine," he said, slowly. "I was forgetting that. And if you like to fight for it I'm not going to stand in the way. But I'm afraid it will be a losing game, my son. You see, we've no papers." "Possession is nine points of the law," Justin said, with a laugh, "and we'll bluff the tenth."

"Bluffing may do with a man your own size," aohn answered, pathetically. "But think of Lord Tregeagle's purse, and influence, and position. Besides, he has the whole House of Lords at his back."

"Yes, I know all that," Justin said, bitterly. "And I don't know that I have any real hope of winning. It is not often, it seems to me, that the Pentyres have been on the winning side; but at any rate there will be the satisfaction of resist- ing wrong and oppression. In a fight of this kind the poor man has scarcely a chance, I know. But he need not play the coward on that account. I would a thousand times rather die fighting for the right than yield to the wrong and live." "Very good, my son," John said, with a little sigh. "Then we shall have our answer ready when Mr. Bice calls to-morrow."

"Leave Mr. Bice to me," Justin said, smiling. "I have often ached to have a word with that gentleman." So the little family council settled the matter and waited rather impatiently for the coming day.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
!CHAPTER XVIII'. PREPARING FOR ACTION. 'I have set my life upon a cast, And I will stand the hazard of the tie."

- Long before noon on the following day, every- body in St. lago knew that Justin was back again from London, and most people had a fairly shrewd guess as to the reasons that had brought him home. It was known that John Pentyre's "take" ran out at Midsummer, and that Mr. Bice had given the farmer no promise that it should be renewed. It had also got whispered abroad that Lord Tregeagle had been claiming, through his agent, Endilloe House with its gardens, orchard and twenty acres of meadow land, and that it was doubtful if John Pentyre had any legal title to the place. Nor was that all, it was believed that Lord Tregeagle was all-powerful in the county, and that it was useless for any poor man to pit his strength against him. Hence, if he had cast covetous eyes on John's little bit of freehold, that freehold would be his, and John Pentyre would resist and wriggle in vain.

Of course, everybody sympathised with John in this new calamity. There was something pathetic in the sight of this ancient and once nourishing family being reduced to the level of the common herd; but it had been the fate of nearly every small freeholder in the parish. For some reason or other the big estates had grown, and the small estates had dwindled, and the case of Endilloe was evidently going to be a repetition of several others. "I reckon Maister Justin be a corned home from up London Churchtown for to stop old Bice from gobbling up Endilloe," Amos Blue said to Nathan Hendy on the morning after Justin's return, "but he might as well try to stop the tide from coming in down to Poldula porth, that's what I do say." "I'm glad he's come home, all the same," Nathan replied. "It's wastin' a good life to live in thews big towns; the folks be that ignorant." "I don't know 'bout that," Amos said, reflec- tively. "Ef it be as you say, why be folks always crackire up London and' the folks as live there?" "Pure ignorance," said Nathan, with energy. "They don't know no better, that's the reason. Look at old Bice; he ain't never lived in no big town, and see what he knows. He could tie knots in any Lohdoner as ever was. He can make blacl- white wi' just winkin', an' can write lies on paper as looks so much like truth that nobody could tell the difference. He means to gobble up Endilloe, an' I agree wi' you, Amos, as he's going to do it." "But if the =Aster have the papers all in proper order? " questioned Amos, as if anxious to hope even against hope. "I've thought of that too," said Nathan, "but, lor, when old Bice makes up his mind to a thing it's all up. You see, he's Lord Tregeagle at his back and all the rest of the big wigs, an' they all hang together like a string of onions." "But it's hard on the poor folks," said Amos. "Aye, but it's our lot," Nathan said, with a sigh..-'Providence, I suppose, moaned it to be so, so 'taint no use complainin ." "I don't know," said Amos. "If I'd anything to fight for—which I ain't—l do believe as how I'd kick out to the last. An' I hope as how Mr. Justin 'll shew fight in this case." "I'm afraid as how living up in that big town have spoilt 'in," Nathan remarked, with a grunt, and walked away. Meanwhile, Justin and Dorothy were discussing the situation over a late breakfast. Mrs. Pentyre was bury in the dairy, and John was superintending affairs on the farm.

"0 Sustin," Dorothy had said, "I cannot tell you how delighted I am to see you home again, but I have been wondering all the night what you will do now you are at home."

"Neva- fear, Dorothy," he answered, brightl:r. "I shall be able to get my bread somehow.. But my first business will be to find the Endilloe deeds and checkmate old Bice."

"And suppOse you fail. Suppose the deeds are irretrievably lost. What then ? Father and mother have searched everywhere, and they have both given up hope." "Of course, if we are ejected from Endilloe, wo shall have to find some other place." "It will nearly break father's heart." "That is all the more reason why I should stand by him. We 'night take a smaller place than this, and the two of us might do the work." "But you hate farming, Justin."

"No' It is the conditign. s under which we groan that I hate, though I admit I should never take up farming from choice." "I wish I knew how I could earn something," Dorothy said, with a sigh. "There seems no chance for women in this world."

"Unless they go out as domestic servants," Justin answered, with a laugh. "Then they have it all their own way." "Do you think I might succeed in that line?" Dorothy questioned, looking up at him. "You might if you could pocket the family pride." "Would you like me to make the attempt?" "No, Dorothy, while I am able to keep a roof over my head there will always In a home tor you." She turned away her eyes from him and looked out el the window, and he fancied he saw the

glisten of a tear-drop on her lids. For awhile neither spoke again. Then he said, abruptly: "Do you ever hear from Tom Pendarvis now? She started, and a hot blush swept over her face. "No, Justin. Why do you ask?" "I hardly know," he said, hesitatingly. "Curiosity, I expect." "I keep hoping every day," she replied, the colour fading slowly from her face, "that I shall hear from him." "Then you believe in him still? " "I have had no reason for doubting him," was the quick reply. "But it is more than three years ago since he went away." "If he keeps silence for thrice three years I shall still believe in him. Justin sighed, but he asked Me more questions just then. He had no wish to cast a single shadow across Dorotby's hope. Let her cherish it as long as she coeld. His had gone out in darkness an too soon. It seemed only yesterday since he had sat in that very room, and built the most romantic castles that anyone had ever seen. He would go to London. He would seize Dame Fortune by the hand directly on his arrival. He would rise more. • rapidly in the commercial world than Dick Whittington of olck Be would shew not only his, Cornish friends, but all London, what energy, and honesty, and enterprise could accomplish, and then he would offer his hund and his fortune to Ruby Loveday, and she would crown his life with her love to the end of his days. He was glad now that he had never taken anyone into his confidence. To what an inglorious end his hope and striving had come. How miserably all his schemes had failed. How absolutely wasted had been the treasure of his love. No doubt a similar fate was in store for Dorothy, but he would not tell her so. Let her go on loving and hoping. Hope enriched, though it went out in darkness, and Love ennobled the life though it might never be returned. It was not by being loved that the heart was purified,, but by loving. Breakfast finished, Justin put on his hat and went out into the spring sunshine. How wide the world seemed after the London streets. How sweet and strong the air that blew in from the sea. How absolutely unfettered he felt. He wanted to run and jump and shout, and had he been certain that no one would have seen or heard him, he would' have done so. Down in ODO of the fields- he came across Amos digging out a ditch. Amore straightened his back with unusual alacrity and waited for Justin to• come up. "I be purty an' glad to see 'ee, Meister Justin," he said, eagerly, breaking in upon Justin's friendly "Good-morning." "Terrible glad I be, anduthere's no denyin' it. I only wish I could see our Dan'l 'ome from the same place." "Daniel is still in London, is he?" Justin questioned, with a smile. "Oah, iss. Dedn'ee never see 'im all the time you was up in that there town, now? " "No, I never once caught sight of him. I looked out for him, of course." "'Tee terrible strange," Amos said, reflectively. "'Ome here to St. lago people do get to knaw each other terrible quick." "But you see London is a much bigger place." "Iss, us, so they do say. But ded 'ee ever ax for our Dan'l when you was up there?" "I am afraid asking would not have helped me much," Justin said, with a smile. "Well, Nathan do say that they be terrible ignorant folk up there an' don't know nothing; an' • if that be so, I don't s'pose tess much use aria'." "Well, you know, Amos, it isn't possible for people to know everything." "No, I s'pose not. Nathan do say that it's a pity people have to live in them ignorant places. I do wish our Dan'l would git out of it." "And haven't you heard from him lately?" "Oah, no. It's months agone now. He said then as 'ow he was workin' on the parish roads under the Corporation. I'm sorry he's workin' under anything. I always think it's healthier, Meister Justin, to work up in the open air." And Amos, who was a conscientious man, thinking he had wasted quite enough time, turned again to his work. Mr. Bice did not shew his face that day, nor, indeed, for several days after. He knew, of course, that Justin had come home from London, and con- cluded that his father had sent for him. On the whole he was sorry, for Justin was made of much less pliable material than his father and he was anxious to settle the little matter he had in hand. with the least possible amount of friction; and, indeed, he had assured his master that the thing would be done so quietly that no one would know anything about it until it was an accomplished fact. A week before he had felt certain that he had accomplished his object. He had placed before John Pentyre as delicately as he could the alterna- tive. His lease of the farm might be renewed for fourteen years at the same rental if— What that "if" was he allowed John to infer. To his great satisfaction John appeared inclined to swallow the bait. Now, however, Justin had come upon the scene, and that might mean further arguments and much more drastic measures. He knew nothing about Justin personally, but he had been told that he was a young fellow of strong will and of unyielding obstinacy, and it was very likely he would incite his father to resist .even when it could be shewn that resistance was useless. Mr. Bice was not a man who was much troubled with scruples. He had one aim in life—to serve his master well ; for by serving him he indirectly served himself. Lord Tregeagle, like more than one of his ancestors, had set his heart on painting the map of St. lago all one colour. The sight of this map, with little dabs of other colour paints, made him irritable, as it had made his father and grandfather, irritable before him.. Those small freeholders were interlopers and intruders whose presence was offensive, and who were to be got rid. of as quickly as possible. By various methods, known only to the great and rich and strong, most of them had been got rid of. John Pentyre was the last of any conse- quence that remained, and how he was to be removed was for a long time a puzzle. Mr. Bice, however, had staked his reputation on the accomplishment of the task, and for many years had been exercising his wits in all directions. At last, however, by various little tricks and manceu- vres, he had fully convinced himself that if John Pentyre had ever possessed the deeds of Endilloe he had lost them. Having come to that conclusion he fancied that he would be quite safe in playing a game of bluff, and up to now the results had been quite satis- factory. John Pentyre had fallen into the trap in the most simple and head-over-heels fashion. "We are quite safe, my lord," Mr. Bice said to his master one evening. "Pentyre rode into Trel- ford yesterday to consult his lawyer, and to-day, by Jove! he's as meek as Moses." "Is that so ? " "I assure you he's quite a different man. A few days ago he stood on his dignity and nearly ordered me off the premises. To-day all the fight has gone out of him. Hence, the thing is as plain as a pikestaff. He believed that Nankivel had the deeds and discovered that he hadn't, and so he sees that he may as well give in quietly." "Of course," answered Lord Tregeagle. "It's absurd, on the face of it, to suppose that he had any real title to the place. It's hardly likely that the farm would be ours without the house and tenements." "That's quite true, my lord ; so we'll colour that part of the map red without further delay." Nevertheless, Mr. Bice was by no means pleased when he heard that John Pentyre's son had come home. At first he hoped that it was only for a brief visit and that in a few days he would be off again, in which case he would keep away from Endilloe until lie had taken his departure. Before a week was over he discovered that Justin had come home for good. he reflected, rubbing his chin between his forefinger and thumb. "I shall have to face it out with both of them. Well, it can't be helped, and the sooner it: is over the.better." So on the following morning he made straight for Endilloe, walked boldly up the garden to the front door and gave a loud knock. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19010301_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,17

===== 0002601_19010301_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
1 LONDON'S FAMOUS CORPORATION

PLATE. " No city in the world, let alone in England, can com- pete with London in the beauty, quantiry, and wealth of the gold and silver plate belonging to it. Corporae tion," writes G A Wade in the " Windsor Magazine." "Even the keepers of it are not able to say off-hand how many piece 3 there are, uor what is the estimated value cif tl.e whole. But those who have been privileged to see it spread out in all its glory at a Royal banquet in the Mansion House, or packed away in the immensely strong rooms with iron doors below the ground floors nf the Lord Mayor's official residence, where it is kept when not in actual service can alone form any idea of the brave display it makes beneath the glare of the electric light. It would be impossible te cl,scribe here one tenth of this famous plate, wh‘cla corn- prises every kind of gold and silver table ornament or useful adjunct, from massive gad ewer and basins to little gold sruff-boxes and finger-glasses. The oldest piece of plate now possessed by the City Corporation is what is termed the Christopher Cup,' which was given in 1662 by Robert Christopher, a few years before the Great Fire of London. Noteworthy amongst so many beautiful articles are three large gold 2agons, three rose. water dishes and ewers, and a very large antique- shaped vase, which weighs 235 ounces and is 22 inches high. Many of the pieces of plate bear on them the motto of the City, ''Domine Diego Nos," and inscriptions narrating the circumstances under which they were presented to the Mansion House. One interesting point about this celebrated collection is the fact that it is ever on the increase, as each Lord Mayor, on the conclusion of his year of office, is ex- pected to add a piece of plate of silver or gold, and of substantial value, to the existing amount. The • Irish Cup 'and salver are extremely valuable, and were a pre- sent from the Irish Society to the Right Hon. Henry Singleton, Esq , Lord Chief Justiee of Ireland, for eminent services bestowed in adjusting long-standing disputes between the two cities of 'London and London- derry. With his usual modesty the judge declined to receive the present, though he acknowledged hand- semely how touched he felt by its offer, The fine gift was therefore sent to London so he used by the Lord Mayor and Corporation in perpetuity, and bears an inscription to that effect, with the date 1741. Since that time it has been several times repaired and regilded., It has the arms of London and Londonderry engraven on it side by side. Another exceptionally fine niece of plate is the gift of the mayors of Belgian municipalities to Sir Potydore de Keyser, who came of en old Belgian family, on his being elected Lord Mayor of London. It is a superb piece of work and stands about twenty inches high, its lid being surrounded with real turquoise and emeralds in a wide circle, and a still wider circle of the same precious gems surrounding the base of the cup. There is a beautifully modelled figure of a knight OR the top of the lip. The Belgian mayors have been more than once invited over here to London, and have been enter- tained right royally in commemoration of their kindness in making such a presentation."

===== 0002601_19010301_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
... , . . . FREE SAMPLE CASE • Coroptinc 1-OAto•MANHO . 'r"f 7AJ • 1.1";;;:PicAITX MANHU 6///1/'9 Y RICE . TAPIOCA U. •. " " % 4 ' 4,11 V." tUIDt." HEALre : ThPO37I:4IIAGEP' 414: t' Atillilik:s94l' l'ilf: , , lii,r;Acßt;;EorllT OW i_ 1 "Ifi li ,'''. I 'I? ...----.1.4 tir ' •• , 4V '4 19111#4.90-. ego 11). , . , tg1f440,0.01,.:„ tots ci? ,;_izelotiv„ .vALluvxEmß.p...o7ol4tor ilk L • 4 . . . ... . . . . .. ~,..k....!......,......,,,..„..,..„.,4„,..,,...i.."‘...47):14:11A4.4 .

I

===== 0002601_19010301_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
BRABAZON SCHEME AT WORK.

Sale of Workhouse Inmates' Work. The work which has been done by the aged and infirm inmates of the Warrington Workhouse under the Bra- bazin Employment Scheme was offered for sale on Tees- d4Y afternoon in the Council Chamber of the Town Dail. The hall had been lent for the occasion by the Mayor (Alderman Roberts). There Were only two Guardians present—Mrs Eaelsten and the Rev T R Matthews—owing to the meetings of the Central Poor Law C niference and the Padgate Schools Committee. The Rev E R Tarbuck (chaplain of the Workhouse,) pre- . •il,al at the opening proceedings and amongst those also present were the Revs Lei T Dar well sal John Yonge. fhe goods offered for sale were arranged on a table in the centre of the room, and included rugs, screens, nick. flacks and other artieles. Considerable skill had been shown in the work and the ladies who had. taugh t the Inmates must have given much painstaking care to the work. Mrs. EDELSTEN read the following report :—There is very little that is fresh to tell you of the work of the year. Perhaps not quite so much as last year naq done, but, as you all know, we were moving ici4 beautiful new infirmary, and things were rather ali for a tim'. We have again only just managed to pay our way. Mrs. Edelsten here read the balance sheet Showing that there was a balance In hand of 24 gi I. Continuing, she said : We have now paid £5 to the Central Fund and we still owe £5 I shall be very glad When this debt is paid off, and I hope another two years 'cid see us completely out of debt. With regard to our workers, we still have,l am glad to say,the same devoted ilttle band—Mesdames Atkin and Frost, Misses Broad- be, at, Birtles, Coxon and May—and I hope that we may continue to have tneir kind services. The workers ‘lati most of them the chronic cases, and are chiefly the %me we hays had from the la ,ginning—about 12 or 14 ,altogether. The two men who make the rugs are still M. hut the man who did the woodcarving went out. As a Guardian I was glad, but as a Brabazon work.r I was "tilt, as lam ceasing to be a Guardian. I shall look at things for the future from the Brabazon point of view— ao lam glad to say he has come in again. (Laughter fl(1 applause.) You may, perhaps, have heard that the Local Government Board are making 'P,47 drastic changes in the diet of the Work. ‘`tolltie inmates. It is to be for the future very !ouch more varied, esoe:dally as far as the nick "dhate9 are concerned. This being the case, a resolution hag been passed that from March 25th next, no one shall t ,ke into the Workhouse anything to eat or drink,on any rPtext—no tea, or sugar, or even fruit. I may say that betel out for tobacco, andwon my point. sa(Applause.) Of course flowers and newspapers are always welcome. new dietary for the sick includes:—Tea, coff IN '"°, rice and sago puddings, fish-pie, eggs, bacon, rt '''ese and plain cake, and plenty of milk. The tdedical vfficer has an absolutely free hand, and if he thinks de- treble can order chicken. grapes,or anything he pleases. ro will see, theref ore, that there will be no occasion to )ribe ir, , xtras, and this permission has been so much %btu, ed by the friends of the patients that it is very de- f3t:erible to make a strict rule and allow nothing at all to brought in. So I would ask the Brabazon ladies,and in_l,llo visit the Workhouse to bear this in mind and 1.!4_13 in nothing—except tobacco—after March 25th. I •',;:ve to auknowledge with thanks the kindness of the ryor in agate allowing us the use of the Town Hall. ' mlen has also kindly sent tables for the tea-room, er Mr Connor has conveyed the work here tree ~f r;',_arfle. There is no music this year in the tea-room. •funds are so low that I did not feel justified ia W.:1;14: to the expense of hiring a piano. I have already BevPral kind donations. Mrs Lyon has telegraphed .11c.Ple to spend £2 103 on her behalf; Mrs Gaciduna, of has sent £1; and other kind friends smaller ; so that I have already £4 79 6I towards the sae, t.hatPc Sou will buy everything that is on the table, so WC may repay another £5 to the Central Fund, and. " a good sum in hand for the year's expenses. lam rateful to the Mayoress for kindly coming to open sale. (Applause.) • Mi CX.iiinuN said that so far as they Could see na

===== 0002601_19010301_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ANlEMlA.—Poorness of blood. Pull down the eyelid: if pale and bloodshot, it is a sign of Anwmia. Lack of colour in the lips and gums is another sign; also pallor oi the face; indigestion, feeble appetite, palpitation and shortness of breath after slight exertion, languor, "laziness," low spirits. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured thousands of severe cases. Anemia, if not checked, may become Consumption.

BILIOUSNESS.—A cull pain in the head, aggravated by stooping forward; yellow skin; yellow- ness in the whites of the eyes; nausea; shivering and goose-flesh. Often a result of indiscretions in diet or lack of out-door exercise. To cure it, use opening medicine, followed by a course of

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but do not commence the latter until the bowels have been freely moved.

RHEUMATISM.—Severe pain in the joints or in the muscles—pain aggravated by cold. It often arises from exposure to cold and damp, or from a wetting. Rheumatism may develop into Rheumatic Fever, and if not checked will occur again and again every winter.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' Pink Pius

have, perhaps, cured more cases of Rheumatism than of any other disease.

IN DIGESTION.--Pain in the stomach; fulness or distention after meals; wind on the stomach; hiccough, eructation, sickness, bile, distaste for food, a yellow tongue, bad complexion, bad taste in the mouth. These things arise from Indigestion, some- times called by its medical name Dyspepsia; they have been cured over and over again by

===== 0002601_19010301_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Do not fly to purgatives, which only afford tem- porary relief.

INFLUENZA.—Intense or dull aching in the back and limbs; cold in the head and lungs; fever; debility; afterwards great prostration and depression of the heart, with violent headaches, and melancholy I hopeless view of life. If neglected, Rheumatic Fever or Decline may supervene. These many After-effects of Influenza are serious; in countless cases

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have proved a safeguard and a restorative of the greatest value.

CONSUMPTION.—A wasting disease of the lungs. The patient loses weight ; spits blood; is weak, languid and pale; has slight feverishness, shortness of breath; pain in the chest; and profuse perspiration, especially at night. This disease is commonly regarded as incurable, but it has been frequently cured by 4

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills when taken in time. Consumption, when neglected or treated by ordinary medicine, invariably causes death.

ECZEMA.—An eruption of vessels or pimples on the skin, without fever; irritation, itching, and suppuration. Outward applications are of little use: the blood needs attention.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,

though not a purgative, purify the blood, and give it richness and colour, causing all skin troubles to disappear and give place to a clear, smooth., healthy complexion. Use an aperient before commencing the pills.

HEART TROUBLE may show itself in two ways, both of which have been cured by

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. The pulse may be slow and feeble; there may be intermission of a beat occasionally ; fainting, giddiness, and sick feeling. The other form of heart disease is manifested by the pulse being too quick; violent and throbbing pain in the head (especially after a slight climb or walking upstairs) ; noises in the ears.

HYSTERIA.—A nervous disease especially affecting young women; the unfortunate sufferer has uncontrollable fits of laughter and crying, accompanied by convulsions, choking sensation or fainting, and causing excessive weakness. The attack is often periodical, or may be brought on by a fright or mental agitation. As in nearly all the disorders peculiar to women,

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have effected a cure over and over again.

SCIATICA.— Acute darting pain a pain almost like hot needles—in the hip, down the back of the thigh, extending to the knee, and perhaps to the ankle. The course taken by the pain is often tender to the touch. This painful disorder usually follows debility or a disordered state of the blood.

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have afforded prompt and permanent relief in numerous cases.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
I" 4'4^ ' '''"t 0:-.` ' ?...$l4, - , '- ..., It,. it , 't`t..ti:ii.,,.., tt•zr 441 -** t.. , =se` .. . •,:iwp!.......,,..2 '... ~ . , 0,,, ii./...i.0ki, a i,.... „.. ,

Fireman Drowned at Acton Grange. Mr. Coroner Dobson conducted an inquest at Walton, on Saturday, on the body of a man named Charles Murdock, who lived in Roscommon-street. Liverpool, which was recovered from the Ship Canal at Acton Orange on Friday morning. The deceased was a fireman on the steamship Invalid, of Glasgow. He was walking along the canal bank in company with two other firemen on January 19th when he fell into the water. The men attempted to rescue him, but failed. The body was subsequently recovered and rem oved to the Stag Inn.—Thejury returned a verdict of" Accidental deaih."

===== 0002601_19010301_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
I, ; . / f i . 4 e•:..../ .-Zs.--cf2ll . .0j Utli kl.„ 0 rr(oft\,. _-- ?. ,--- ,-•-• ',---; ~...&.. ).. .... t.1.,: 6.:',', 1 , y,T,:- ~,,, ...,..,_ I , z-E,,- ........ \ PP iii -.'rt; Ir /, __ -). ~.....„. T \r 1 .41J If r,- e,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

The Champion at the Warrington Liberal Club.

The visit of Mr. II W Stsvenson, the English ) champion at billiards, aroused a great deal of in- terest in Warriugton on Saturday, and those people who had friends at the Liberal Club were prompt in securing tickets for the exhibition games which had been arranged. Special accommodation had, ' been provided in the large billiard room of the club and it was possible for over 300 people to have an I excellent view of the games played on No. 1 table. In the afternoon Mr. Stevenson had two opponents lin Dr. Smith and Mr. J Jennings, whom he gave a start of 400 points in a game of 800 up. Mr. Jenn- ings had the firot essay and be went on until the champion had aggregated 400 points when he gave place to Dr. Smith. Mr. Stevenson won, of course, his opponents totalling 701. They both played con - sistently if not at their best, and made some useful contributions. Mr. Jennings highest break was 10, and hr. Smith contributed 29 and 25. Mr Steven- son was evidently not quite at home on such a fast table, but after a few strokes he settled down to beautiful billiards and was frequently applauded. His beet efforts were 94, 68, 61, 52, 46 (twice) 41, 37, and 29.

lathe evening there was a large attendance, all the available room being crowded with interested spectators. Mr A. H Crosfield, who is a very expert amateur cueist, was the champion's opponent, and it was expected that a very good game would re- sult, as Ins amateur was receiving a start ol 350 points in SOO. The two players had a very hearty reception, as also had lit Grosfield's brother,Captain George, whose face bore the bronze of the South African sun. The game commenced quietly, the champion running up a pretty little break which showed that he had quite mastered the "strength " of the table and accommodated himself to the peculiarities of the cushions. Mr Crosfield was com- paratively idle for some time, and it soon became apparent that he was a long way from being in his best form. He made a number of good indi- vidual shots, but generally speaking be failed to show that command over the balls which his riiends know him to be capable of. Stevenson, on tile other hand, played capitally and scored at gnat pace all through the game, which he eventually won by 190 point.. lie varied his play very fre- quently, and gave the spectators an exhibition of his wonderful skill • and delicacy with the cue that delighted all. He plays the top-of-the- table game to perfection, and his masterly nursing of thu balls when in position was a treat. Occa- sionally Mr. Crostield " potted" his formidable oppauent and hilt him in difficulties, which he was no sooner in than out by some particularly" classy" stroke. The champion's beet breaks were 105 (which elicite.l a round of hearty applause), 63, 58, 56, 55, 44, 37 and 30 (twice). Mr. Orosfield compiled 28, 27, 16. 14, and numerous small contributions. It was a source of regret to all, and to none more than himself, that Mr, Crosfidd was not able to do him- self justice but, we suppose, even Mr. Stevenson has his `' Off " day. At the conclusion of the game the champion gave an exhibition of trick strokes, many of woic:, were marvellous in their conception and superb in execu- tion. Ihey made a fitting finale to au exhibition which was a source of intense enjoyment to all who witnessed it. We must not omit to mention that the onerous task of marking was undertaken by Mr W. Woods, who acquitted himself well.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRADES COUNCIL

Special Meeting. j

The Resignation of Mr. Malkin.

A special meeting of the IWarrington Trades! and L thQur Council Was held in the Druide Hall, Sankey- street, on Tuesday evening. The President (Mr 4 C Sinks) presided over a good attendance,

THE :STATE OF TRADE IN THE DISTRICT-REPORTS FROM

THE SOCIETIES REQUIRED.

Mr KELLY, &ere' ary of the Lancashire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils, attended the meeting and delivered a brief address. He explained that he had been a labour correspondent for the Board of Trade, for seven years and had to supply information as regarded the state of trades in the Maocheeter district, which in- eluded Warringten. The Board had not experienced much difficulty in oPtaining information but what was de- sired was that correspondents in different parts of the country should furnish more detailed information. Some trades might be busy in one district, and a hundred miles away they would probably be slack, so that if they said that a certain trade which extended throughout the three kingdoms was good, bad, or indifferent they might be speaking truthfully as regarded one district but it would not be correct as regarded another. The Board of Trade de- sired that the federation should deal with separate societies locally, and the Board would deal with them in the bulk. It was requested that secretaries of societies would send him information as to how many members were unemployed and the state of trade. Employers would not obtain any direct information from the reports published in the " Gaznte," and they would have no means of ascertaining how many men were un- employed in each particular town. Mr Kelly proceeded to refer to the value of a federation of Trades Councils and reviewed several important mattera which had lately been under consideration. The CHAIRMAN moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Kelly for his address. He remarked that although it was Mr. Kelly's duty to collect reports for the Board of Trade they might also take it that he had come to Wariington as a person associated with them in the Federation of Trades Councils of Lancashire. He expressed the hope that all societies would endeavour to supply the infor- mation that Mr. K.lly desired. Mr. POTTS seconded and the motion was heartily carried. MR. MALKIN'S RESIGNATION—THE COUNCIL'S REPRRSEN-

===== 0002601_19010301_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TATIVE ON VIE BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The SECR-ET—A.I2-Y-read a letter which had been received from Mr TB Malkin with reference to his resignation as a delegate to the Council and as the Council's represen- tative on the Board of Guardians. He said that his reason for resigning was not because he was tired of the work • on the contrary it had been a pleasant and enj )yable experience which he should never forget or regret for be had made many friends. He could not, however,afford the time and expense, for it had cost him a great deal of time and money. lii the second place he had too much to do, and he could not and would int hold a position in which he could not do his duty to satisfy himself and those whom be represented. He did not think the Iron- workers' Society was seuding trom the Council, and at the next meeting he would tiring he matter forward, and the members would no doubt elect other delegates to the Council. A resolution acceptiag Mr Malkln's resignation was pasted. The CHAIRMAN Said it now rested with the members to decide whether they should put forward a candidate for the vacancy on the Board of Guardians occasioned by Mr Malkin's resignation. Mr Pl:morons thought it was very necessary that the Council should be represented on the Board of Guardians It would be of benefit to Trades' Unionists in the matter of contracts. The CHAIRMAN thought it would be a wise CDUISS for them to approach both political parties and hold that their candidate should be elected without opposition, seeing that one of their members was vacating the seat.

nig SECRETARY: That action was taken tirree years ago and both political parties seemed quite willing to allow us to have a reptesentative on the Board of Guardians if they could select the representative. (Laughter.) Mr Wit.Lcox proposed that Mr Plinston be invited to contest Bewsey Ward at the forthcoming election. The CRAIRMAN In seconding said that if Mr. Plinston felt inclined Co go forward as a candidate, he should be most happy to give him hearty support. Mr. PLINITON said be was not one of those indi- viduals who sought honours in the Town Council or Board of Guardians but if no other name was submitted he would consider the matter and let them know his decision on Monday. If be was elected a member of the Board his desire would be to serve those unfortunate individuals called the workingmen of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WlLLcoz's resolution was curled with acclamma- tion.

It wag decided that. if necessary, the Secretary shall call a special meeting for next Tuesday.

- THE ELECTION OF AUDITORS.--.THE COUNCIL SUPPORT MR.

FLANAGHAN.

Mr M FLANAGHAN, OHO Of the candidates at this elec- tion, wrote to the Zouncil asking for their support. He also attended the meeting and stated tho grounds of his candidature. He was contesting the election, he said, for the reason that he thought, in fact he was perfectly sure, that accountants were undesirable men for the position. Although professionally, they were able to hold the office, they were dependent only upon a certain section of the u'elic for support. AS a ratep tver he approved of indepsndent principles in municipal affairs. He had been a Trades' Unionist f r 25 years and bad fought the ctuse of 7rades' Unionism in almost every part of the country. He therefore thought he was justified in appealing to the Council for support. On the proposition of Mr WILCOX, seconded by Mr FARGIIER it was decided that the Council give Mr Flanaghan its hearty moral support. This was all the business.

The North Cheshire Hunt.

The North Cheshire Hunt on Saturday met at Appleton, the Earl of Enniskillen, master, being in charge. The home covers furnished a vixen, which after dodging about got to ground. The covers all along the countryside were tenantless until Whit- ley was reached. Here there were three foxes. The selected one was hunted slowly to Marbury,through Cogshral, and back to Marbury,where he baffled the pack. Dog Kennel Wood,Mrabury yielded another, which ran two;or three fields towards Northwich, and was lost. A similar result followed after the hunt of a Cobler Gone fox,which ran into the Arley country.

Warrington Board of Guardians—the Resigna-

tion of the Porter and Portress.

An interim meeting of this Board was held on Wednesday morning. Mr. S. D ivies occupied the chair and there were also present: Mrs Clay, Rev T R Matthews, Messrs A Brooks, T lialton, William Houghton, A Jolley, G Pilling, 11 Thornton, with S Sutton (assistant clerk), C H Ward (master), and A Wright (superintendent of Padgate Schools).—A letter was read from Mr Potter, of the Royal Court Theatre, Warrington, stating that he would be pleased to extend his annual invitation for the children at Padgate Industrial schools to witness the pantomime,but he could not find seats for them all to the same performance. He could do with the boys next Saturday afternoon and the girls the Saturday following, or vice versa.—The invitation was accepted with thanks. The Assistant Clark also read the following letter—" Myself and wife herewith resign our appointments as porter and portress, to take effect on March 25'Lh. Under these circummtances I should be extremely obliged if you could see your way to refund the money paid by us under the Superanuation Act, and by so doing you will oblige.—Y our obedient servant, Samuel Fearn- side." The Assi,tant Clerk said he persumed the Board would direct him to advertise for candidates for the posts on the usual terms. With the latter part of the letter it was impo.sible to deal. There was no power whatever for the payment of any money paid under the Act—Sir Pilling moved that the resignation be accepted and that candidates be advertised for.—Mr. Alfred Jolley seconded, and the motion was agree I to. fhli was all the business

===== 0002601_19010301_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Torturing Disfiguring Humours

Itching, Burning, and Scaly Erup- tions of the Skin and Scalp with loss of Hair.

Complete External and Internal Treatment by Cuticura, THE SET, 6s.

Consisting of CUTTetTRA SOAP (19.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and soften the thickened • cuticle, CUTICURA Ointment 2L 6(1.), to instantly allay itching, irritation, and Inflammation, and soothe and heal, and CuTictraa REsoLyENT(2.I.6(I.), to Cool and cleanse the blood. A SINGLE SET is Often sufficient to cure the molt torturing, disfigur- ing Immonrs, rashes' itchingsi-antl irritations, with loss of hair, when the best physicians and all othe: remedies fail.

KrOft b 7 1111 ChemiKts, or pneptid hy F. N.:A, avur & Loodoo. r. C. POTTRR ThroAvn Corm. C“kr rope" Bastou • U•S . A. "How to Cllfe Humours," free.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL. Monthly Meeting..

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednes- day afternoon, There were present :—Ntessrs J Ball (in the chair), J W Knowles, Houghton, Brooks, Dignum, Halton and Thornton with Dr Sephton (medical officer), F Kerfoot (inspector), B 8 Newcombe (surveyor), and S Sutton (assistant clerk). THE MANURE "NUISANCE" AT PENEETH.-A SUFFERING PARISHIONERS SUgGESTION.

The following letter was read trom Mr E Foster, clerk to the Peraketh Parish Council The enclosed is a copy of an anonymous letter handed in to my Council at their last meeting. I am instructed to Inform you that my Council endorse the statements in the letter. They also wish to know whether there is any classi- fication in your bye-laws as to the nature of manure which can be discharged at the Fiddlers' Ferry wharf. They think there ought to be powers to prevent such stuff being delivered in our midst." The anonymous letter referred Co read as follows : To the Penketh Parish Council. A suffering parish- ioner begs to recommend that a supply of tar barrels be conveniently placed on the wharf a,: Fidders' Ferry winch could be ignired as soon as the operations com- mence in dialoading offal. This might to some extent neutralize the offensive stench and render the locality a safer place to live in. Mrs. Posnett encountered the terrible smell on Friday 28th 11.cember last. Dr. Ormsby pronounces her subsequent illness tl be a poisoned throat The writer was cold by the stationmaster on Thursday December 27th, that he had been ill all morning through the smells. Mrs. Withinshaw felt them powerfully at her house and many others can testify the same. Should any plague break out in the place, it will be more than easy to accoant for it, and of course, except those who are compelled to live here, it will become non-residental. Your petitioner will ever pray &c Mr. KNOwLEs : I recommend the parishioners to live at Longford for a week and then they would have a smell. (Laughter.) Dr. SEPHTON remarked that the Sankey sub-registra- tion district was always the most unhealthy in the Council's district. There had been five deaths during the past mouth. The district included Burtonvvood• Mr THORNTON : You do not attribute it to this cause ? Dr. SEPHTON : Certainly not. Mr. HOUGHTON thought the Council should take no notice of an anonymous letter. Mr. KNOWLES remarked that the manure was taken down the canal free of charge. If it came by train the railway company's officials would not make any "row." Mr. Honernron : If they take notice of anonymous letters they must not expect respectable bodies like this to do anything. The Council decithed to let the communication lie on the table.

THE BATES. The Assistant CLERK submitted the estimates for the ensuing half year. He said that at the commencement Of the previous half year a rate of 5 tin the £ for high- way purposes and id in the £ for sanitary purposes (making 61 in the £) was made. Owing to the recent purchase of a new steam roller it was thought that another penn von the ensuing year's rate would be necessary. He was, however glad to say that on going into the books and looking at the balances he found that the Council was in such a favourable position that it would not ho necessary to levy an extra penny for the ensuing half year. Th 3 rate would therefore remain , Unaltered.

HEALTH OT THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SLtrapoN reported that during tbe month there had been 30 births and 10 deaths. The death-rate was equal to 99 per 1,000, azainst 11•6 the average of the iast three months, and 26 the corresponding period of last year. The following eases of infectious diseases were notified :—Diphtberia, 4 ; scarlet fever,2 ; erysipelas, 1.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE SANKEY LIGHTING QUESTION.

Mr HALTON maid toe Parish Council ca BA very anxious that the work of erecting lamps should be proceeded with at once. The Gas Committee could not do the work without a direct order from the Rural Council. Mr Halton having satisfied the Council as:to the sites of the lamps, it was decided that the necessary order should be made.

NUMBERING OF ROUSES AND NAMING OF STREETS.

Mr. HALTON brought forward this matter, but on reference to the minutes, it was found that at a previ- ous meeting of the Cluncil it was resolved that favour- ab'e consideration be given to any suggestions which the Sanksy Parish Council might bring forward•

CROFT CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. The SURVEYOR reported mat the Rev Father Blake had written co him asking that the footpath in front of the Catholic School at Croft be tiled, and he pointed out that this would only to completing the arrangements come to between the Highway Board and his predecessor when certain improvements were carried out. He should be glad of the Council's instructions in the matter.

The matter was adjourned, pending further incriiries. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
HE DIDN'T EAT THE DONKEY.

Ah, thera's where it is, you see. It's not the work so much as the worry that knocks us out and sends u prowling about after drugs and doctors. But how are we going to stave off the worry ? You'll have to ask that question of a Wiser chap than I am ; it beats me.

" It was worry," Me. Salsbury says, " that told on my health—worry and anxiety over my business. I got into a very low and depressed condition ; the energy and snap seemed clean gone out of me. I was worried about this too—one worry on top of another• " So I did what anyboiy would, in that shape I went to see a doctor. He appearei bothered to tell what ailed m,?, and finally said he thougnt I was suffering from a weak heart, and gave me medicine on that theory. "It did me no good, however. and I only grew weaker and more nervous than I was before. I was very constipated, and my appetite kept dwindling away until there was hardly a rag of it left. I have heard of people starving from lack bf victuals, and here I was—starving from lack of desire for food and power to digest it. In the end it's all the same. "At last the doctor gave me some medicine to saliv- ate me. It made my bead, from the crown to below the eyes, quite black; and also my hands as far as the wrists. Icm assure you I was a sight to look at." Mercury probably. A dangerous thing to put inside the humaa body. A man who knew what he was talk- ing about once wrote a piece of poetry on this medicine. Here are the last four lines : "And when I must resign my breata, Pray let me die a natural death, And bid the wo:Id a long farewell Without one dose of calomel." So say we all of us.

" I got so weak I could hardly lift my bands," adds Mr Salsbury. " Then something helpful happened. A man threw into my house a pamphlet telling of Mother Seigel's Syrup. I read the book and sent for the Syrup, and on goisg to bed I took a big dose—away beyond the directions—a teaspoonful and a half. In the early morning any bowels were opened for the first time in a week.

"Then I felt hungry and told my wife I to ultl eat a donkey and half his bre afast, but I contented myself with a meal easier of digestion. After that I got my etre igth and spirits bask like hauling in a line. "When the doctor called again he said, ' My word ! but you are picking up.' I was, but the remedy was Mother Seigel's Syrup. After two bottles I was all right and tackled my business with a light heart. All this came to pass when I lived in Grimsby."—W G Sals- bury. Upgate Lmth, Lincs., December 19th, 1899. Mr Salsbury is now manager of Bellamy Bros. Mineral Waters Manufactory. Upgate, Louth, and io well known there.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Funeral of the Late Mrs. T. Sutton.

. The funeral of the late Mrs Thomas Sutton, wife of Allerman Sutton, took place on Saturday at the Warrington Cemetery. The cortege left the late resi- deuce of the deceased, 9, Springfield-street, at 12 nom, the hearse being followed by a carriage con- taining the Rev. H V Pigot (vicar of St. Thomas's Church, S'ockton Heath), and the Rev E It Tarbuck (vicar of St. Paul's, Warrington) ; the second con- taining Alderman Sutton, Mr Alfred Sutton (son), and the Rev F Lake Good; the third, Messrs T A , Sutton, H Sutton and Joseph Harry Sutton (Sons); I the fourth Mr James Wood and Mr. J C Sutton. The service in the chapel at the cemetery was per- formed by Mr Pigot and at the graveside by Mr Tarbuck. A large number of wreaths had been for- warded by sorrowing relatives and friends. The funeral arrangements were in the bands of Mr it Johnson.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD PALS TBBTH BOUGHT.

Many ladiet and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth. whleh might as well be turned Into money Messrs R D and .1 B Fraser, of Princes-street, Ipswich (established. since 1833), buy old false teeth. If you ser.d your teeth to them they will remit you by return the post u-..host v ~rio ; or, if pr_ferred, they will make you the boat offer, an d hold the teeth over for yoar reply. If reference neocasar y, apply to Messrs. 81C73N it Co.. Bankers Ipswich

===== 0002601_19010301_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. The Rev. E. R._ Tarpuck and the

"Feathers Hotel " Licence. A Suggestion to the Corporation.

During th;course of his sermon at St. Paul's Church on Sunday evoniag, the Rev. E. B. Tarbuck referred to the question of the re-building of the" Feathers' Hotel') Bridge street. The rev. gentleman remarked that it had been suggested that it was possibc for the Corporation to turn that licence without absolutely throwing it away, into a means of competition with other houses by Putting its management on a higher principle. He hoped that if tbe Corporation decided to rebuild the Feathers Hotel its management would be conducted on the highest principles known, and that they would avoid being the tempter of any man. They had to acknow. ledge that the greater portion of mankind would drink alcohol, but there was no need for even a small portion to drink to excess. If no one drank to excess no one would have need be a teetotaler, which was a very trite saying ; but that in Warrington, as everywb r?, people did drink tw excess was only too sadly illustrated from day-to-day. Therefore, recognizing the fact that men did drink immoderately, that a large number drank immoderately, the Corporation of Warrington would be well advised if they either handed over the licence of the Feathers Llotel to the People's Refresh. ment House Association or managed it on the lines of that body. The association was simply a modi- fied copy of tIF? Bishop of Chester's original scheme. His lordship was, in fact, the chairman of the associa- tion, and his scheme was a modified copy of the existing Gothenburg scheme. There was only one principle in it, but it was a principle that entirely altered the at- mosphere of a public house. A tenant was put in charge, but he was not told to sell as much as he could of the brewers' liquor. He was giv-in a fixed salary, whether he sold one barrel a week or 20 or 30; the sales made no difference in his salary.but a diff irence was made so far as the sale of refreshments was concerned. He might sell bread and Ctleebc). a inei.t pa, a bottle ef ginger beer, a glass of lemonade, a cup of coffee or tea, and on every article of that kind he sold he got a commission. Trae whole atmosphere, the whole intention of the public house thus became altered, changed into a place of re- freshment without temptation, as they wished it to be. Now this was not a schema that had not been tried. It was something that people could speak of with experitinal Already the new association—it had not been going i , because ths first annual report had only been recently published—had handed over to the local authorities to , such institutions as the Nursing Associations, sums of £3O, £l5, £lO, and £5, and 5 per cent to the share. lholders of the association ; acd, in addition, from £lOO to £2OO had been handed over to the reserve fund. It ' did not require very much argument to see the vast difference hetweenlan hotel with alman put inlcharge on those principles and an hotel with a brewery at the Clack of it, and a tenant who must of nnessity feel that his brewer would be the more pleased when be sold the most liquor. He (the preaoher) wouhl go so far in bit faith in the schema—because none cf them need he bigots on the tempera ,ca question—as to say that he had had land given to his parish for a large parochial hall and a bowling green by the side of it, and that if anyone present c iuld persuade either a company or a single gentleman to give him £3,000 or £4.000 to corn- plate the scheme at once he would not object to put a licence to it on the principle of the G:thenburg system. So far experience led them to think that that was the only way of curing a great deal of the intemperance of England.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A FREE VETERINARY BOOK.

We have just been it:icor:nal that the Proprietors of Condy's Fluid, of 14. Gos well-road, Luidon, E.C., are posting to all applicants, free of charge. a most useful Book containing instructions from Veterinary Surgeous of the highest standing for tho treatment and cure of ailtuents and complaints affecting Horses, Doge, Cats, Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, Rabbits, Poaltry, Pigeons, Cage Birds, Gold Fish, &c. Condy's Fluid is a really Magical Remedy for suffering animals and has had an ef,orinous sale as a Veterinary remedy for nearly half a ceatury. We recommend all our readers to write for this Veterinary 13Jok co 'Candy," 14, G wel:-ro id, E.O. N, charge for Ba,k.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

Warrington D.C. v Runcorn D.C.

A friendly mat—eh between these cubs was played on Saturday at the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn, result. ing in a somewhat easy win far the visitors. Soore as follows

WARRINGTON Wins. Draws. Wins, 2 F Dunne 0 0 Johnson ..• 0 1 J Roberts 1 H Gramds ......... ..... 0 A 1 W Rigby 2 R J rowel& 0 W dime, sen 0 2 0 Powell 0 H Dobson 0 2 F Warburton 0 At Gorman 1 H Powell 1 F Tindall

RUNCORN.

0 W Warbdrton 1 W Heeds. ............ ........ 1

I W Bell 0 W °Trim 1 J likhttoot 0 L Edwards

_ 4 *Absent.

The Chamber of Commerce. A meeting of the council of the Chamber of Com- merce was held at Market (ate Chambers on Mon. • day,tlae new president, Mr C E Parker, presiding. A letter was read from Mr Peter itylands acceptingthe vice-presidency.—A communication was read from the Warrington Trades and La'JOllr Council in refer- ence to the formation of the proposed local Board of Conciliation, and the secretary was requested to write to them suggesting a date for the deputation to meet the Chamber.—The presi• dent,vice-president,secretary and any other member who could make it convenient to attend were , appointed delegates to the annual meeting of tile Associated Chambers, to be held in London en the 12th, 13th,and 14th March.—The programme for the meeting was then considered, and the delegates were instructed to support Vie Manchester tion with reference to the amendment of the patent , laws,and the resolution in favour of the registration of firms, it being understood that the delegates should exercise their discretion with reference to the other resolutions, Some conversation took place with regard to the ter re by which the Cor- poration are arranging to supply electric light to local firms, but the Secretary explained that the matter is at present in its experimental stage and that it would be advisable to defer the discussion until a later date.

PUBLIC BRNEFIT I/NDIIR Tau CLOCK ron lIRS BOOTS Ix LANCASHIItte.—Advt

Br FllftlDfill Suites an 1 Coal Vases In large varlet.; —J. S. GARLAXD. 51 to 55, Bridge-street.—Advt. LADIES BEST GLAOIt BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER T CLOCK, BRIDGE-MIMI% —Advt.

CYCLUS 1 IMMENSE BARG 4 INS. Free . Illustrsted List, 1.520 New and Second- OF sro :CI!, hand Machines, 30s, to £5. 503 New kt.zi, Machines, 1901. make, from £2 17s. ;61. Single Machine at wholesale prices. Acmlsories. agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—W.AuniLow & Co., Weston-super-Mare

DR. DE. ROOS'

COMPOUND RENAL PILLS:

to justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout. Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or Other Deposits, stone In the Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases o, the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidnap'. Hoary^ package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WILTHR 08 ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at. all Medicine idouses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Hot/ord.-square, Loudon, W.C.

MANLY MEN! Why suffer from pains and misery caused byNervonsness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? send for my book, which shows hdw every man, young and old, can he thoroughly and quickly cured without STUAACI:I MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY.

'-gpecTh";nens of letters received, nud gbar4nteed genui "I cannot find words to express nAtAna.cli 1 am. used to think I never would gec curet. I wish I had seen, your advertisement at first, I should have saved many; pounds.—G•F al." I nave can't .d out vOur Instructions, and am now ?fia:- fectly well.--.J.F."

Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LSIGIL 92 and 93, Ureat liussell Street, Lundoas VC°. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Samoa

C

WATCH CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK • PIN , Boys and Girls can got NICKEL. . PLATED WATCH. also a CRAIN and CHARM for selling 14 dozen package. of zge BLUINB at Flyepence each. Send your e full addrena. Including name of County, • 11. A by return snail, and we will forward the 131u1ne, port paid, and a lame premium Ext. Ito money required. BLUING Co. (Department P 1) 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood. Loedon, LIR • •

_

===== 0002601_19010301_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Eb e "(o;amtner " gterits.

THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." published every Saturday morning. 'PH " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday %fternoon. T" " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" "WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Week. Weeks. Weeks. Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2e. Od. Os. 94. ls. 10d. ... 3s. Od. Is. 01. ... Es. 64. ... 4s. Od, 45 54

Words 18 27 It: 36 ,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
omtstir Anrbants, etc.

WANTED, Strong GIRL—BIRKENHEAD ABS, 146, Chester-street, Birkenhead.

mritirr MD GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. VlAArcs 72 Wavertree-roed, Liverpool.

WANTED Good COOK-GHNBRAL.—AppIy SOUTH VIEW, 13, St James...read, Liverpool.

NvANTED at once, Experienced GENERAL, good wages —45, DEBI3Y-ROAD, Farnworth, Wklnes.

IA) ANTED, young GENERAL : twa in family-124 V i HREWSBUR Y-sTBEET, Brooks's Ear,

W a ANTED strong GIRL about 16 for farm bot., —Athtross Mrs. W. DIXON Moss farm Shaw, Near Oloh,m.

WANTED, a good General SERVANT ; small ratrilly.— Apply, Mlle, WHITEHEAD, 23. Broadgate, Preston.

liTHD, GULL, about 18, to assist generally ; another servant kept.—Apply 1, MORLEY-BOLD, Southport.

WANTED. at mace Good COOK GENERAL. Good Wages. Boy kept.—For Country,64,Bno4m-snim,Woreelter. TV ANTED, GENERAL, reliable. small family, part wrll2- 1,1 log—Rev. W. L. 11mxim, 49 Chapel-street, Hyde. 2

WANTED resuectatle CiHNBRAL 18 to 24.-31, HIL- BERRY-AVENUE, West Derby-road, Tuebrook, Liver- pool.

GOOD HOME with dressmaker, for willing GENERAL. all duties: references.-21, FITzWAIMEN-STREET,SeedIey Manchester.

WAY) ED GINNIIILA I , 20-25. able to wash; small family. —Apply Mrs. ruxiNerrog,2s, Mary-street,Harpurhey, Manchester,

WANTED Good GENERAL, good wages; comfortable home ; give references.— 21. Etas GROVE, Didsbury. . Manchester.

WANDM GBNIIRAL. must be fond of children. Good home for respectable girl.—Mrs. COHEN. 13 lieble- road. Bootle.

117 ANTED Good GENERAL. for doctors house, another kept, no cookin.% —Address MRS. MAWEION, Derby House. Bolton.

NVANTED HOUSEMAID (young); small family ; quiet, comfortable home.—BROMLEY, Agnea-road, Blundell sands, Liverpool.

l‘f ANTED. a MINIMAL SHRVANT. age from 16 to 18; must be houest,—Apply Idll.l. WILLIAMS. 75, Wigan- road. Aebton-in-Makerfield.

IVANTBD. Competent GBNERAL, 20 to 30, for small family; good wages, comfortable home —l2O. THom is Broaigreen, Liverpool.

LANB,

w ANnToBwILITI3no: .3176HRKAL; caoonoptenr kept; ufdarnetiti've-froonad! Cboriton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED Young COOK, also HOUSEMAID WAIT- TRUSS ; three in faosily.—Hitswoon, Willow Bank Oak-road, Withington, Manchester.

ADDIS in want of good RBNIDIALS and HOUSR- -11 MAIDS apply Select Registry. Mrs. STANWORTII, Station-road, Oaken Gates. Shropshire.

W A Np2l3 , goodafamily B ItAa rL. ; ii)anaso KT. c YL Holland-road, na wash enda Chorlton-cum-Hardy. near Manchester.

IXTAIITBD a GIRL about 17 to assist in housework ; wages V ss. per weer{; three in tarnily.--Apply 20 WOODLAND- TERRACE, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

IBS HUDSON Registry, requires at once C.)oks. House- maids and all kinds of superior servants excellent sltuations,good wages, apply at once.

WANTBD, it April, in Boarding School, a COOK- (' WIRRAL and a LAUNDRESS ; References.—Hits. 5.1380 N, High School, Blarkpool.

wANTBD PLAIN COOK-GENERAL experienced ; three In family • nurse-housemaid kept; good wages.— LEYIABD, Kirby Park. West Kirby, Cheshire.

wANTED, good GENERAL, able to wash and iron; character required ; one from the country preferred. —PatcE of WALES, Woodhouse-lane, Wigan.

WASTED COOE-GENERAL and Housemaid at once two in family: Protestants : good references required. WRITE 21, Lancaster-road, Birkdate, Southport.

WIASTHD, GBNBRAL in a small family ; no washing; comfortable home ; good wages ; reference required. —Apply INGLEWOOD, Burlington-street, Altrincham.

WANTED, good strong Young WOMAN aa General Servant ; reference required ; good home for respect- able person.—Apply the WINE STORES, Wiend. Wigan.

WANTED strong GENERAL, for Publio-honse. Fond of children. good wages to suitable person.—Apply 20, BOVNDLRY STREET, eft Great Howard-street, Liverpool.

lITANTED Good GENERAL, Protestant, age 25 or over; r good home and wages to suitable person. Apply - • 4)ersonally or by letter. 19, ST. JAMES-STREET, Aced ngton.

ANTRD at once, good GENERAL; able to do plans V cooking; no washing ; protestant. —Apply. giving references, age and wages, to Mrs Swar.Low, Home Croft,

St. Helens.

ILIXPERIENCED Male And Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES IsraTtru- Tlolf, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

jj OUSIIKEEPER.—A quiet comfortable home le offered by IL a working man to a plain and comfortable woman with small means. Age about 50.—Address JosEPE D AVI ES cotton, Oeweetry.

ISTREoSISS wanting SBEVANTS, and dervante with Reference wanting Situations.—Apply Mks PRESTON, Progressive Servants Agency, 44. Charles-street, Blackpool, or 14. Bold place Liverpool. Enclose stamp.

FADE S GOUT and RH EU3IATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. " Since taking Your pills I am a different man."— , Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. EADVS GOUT PILLS CURB REKUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years.'--51r Elford, 53. New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— . .

M. Kelly, 58, Noithniberland-siieei:lo-pilir.

ADE'S dodr PILLS _ LA CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured main two days."—E Macdonald. 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. E.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st—Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE DEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest. so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street. Oreenhays, Manchester. L'ADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."---John Latham. Oxford-street Coalville East. Leicestershire. ADE'B GOUT PILLS. 12.4 RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURL " After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOU PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; if that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. -VADE'. GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS _ILI/ Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. ed.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell-road, London.

A SPECIALITY LAAGE TYPE

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAHMOTH POSTEhS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOT POSTER. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A s CIALITY. EXAMINER" OFFICE,

FO THB MOST STRIKING} POST ML Produced in he Country,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE NO. 0489.

3hottls, pbrog, oarbing 00tab5.

- gplotitg, ZuOintssoeo. ett.

ISH and CHIP POTATO BUSINHSS ior SALM—Apply A 45, hiI.NORESTER-EITHEET. Crewe.

f IONFBCTIONBRY, Teas, and Refreshments ;main road. N.J Apply 113, WILMSLOW-ROAD, Rusholme, Manchester.

BLACKPOOL.—Grand Company House, with establish ed connection; furniture at valuation ; particulars.— SMALES. Cedar-street. Blackpool.

rpo LBT,Hairdresser and Tobacconist s hop —For particulars ./- apply to JAMES STONES. 1, Yates-street, Blackpool, Stamped address for reply.

PROVISIONS, : takings En weekly: rent 9s. 6d. :t genuine: bills shown : illness catise.—Apply 69, Moss- Leak WEST, Moss Side, Manchester.

STATIONBR'S, Newsagest. Totatoo mist, and fancy Goods, aid establisbed ; stook and goodwill ; good reason tor disposal-4, UPPER STLNHOPE-STREET, LiVerpuOi.

Mantel.

WAND.M good steady TBAISISMAN.—AppIy STUBBS, Park Farm, Orrell, near deaforth.

WANTED APPRENTICE to the White Wood Cabinet Making.—B. GOODWIN, 77, Market-street,Earlestown.

WANTICD, Young MAN respectable and sober fully used to bosses. Liberal wages glytn.—Apply, at once, 32 WARGRAVE-ROAD Barlestown.

y%7 ANTED NURSE. experienced. good situation near Warrington; wages £2O to £2s.—Apply Miss HUDSON 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, YOUNG MAN. good wage'; regular work no esperience.—For reply enclose stamp.—PERDLE- BUSY, Patentee. Wentworth. Bolton.

CU ARRINGTON STARR-BOWKETT BUILDING T 1 SOCIETY BOOK. State amount paid and lowest prism. Box 30, •. Examiner " Office, Warrington.

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1848, or earlier £2 given; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firket Atbara,Mashona, Matabele, &.—Maaon TOMBS, Droityrich,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
en be tn.

MO LET good HOUSE in Derby-street, rent 41 6d.—Apply -i- WOODS and Sox. Solicitors, Hommarket-street Warrington.

pREMISESI suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-etreet. Apply Wooos & Boa, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street Warrington.

MO LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— .1. Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket.atreet. Warrington.

Q HOP AND DWELLING suit Milliner, Butcher. Grocer, dru• • convenient cellar ; 56, Bewsey-street, Warrington. —AppIy'SKELLA.ND, 63

T OCK-UP SHOP TO LET Padgate, suit Butcher, Groce &C.. rent ita nee week clear.—Apply. JoeEpg S GAR LAND, Bridge-atreet Warrington.

mo LET. S rABLII and COAI3II-HOUBII. with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODS & Ses, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

gtale b 13ribate Ertatp

811113.-011 Sale. three hives of Bees.—Apply T. Tifosn, sox, liigh-steeet, Norley, Cheshire.

FEIBB I—Hall-marked silver-mounted Briar Pipe in case. —Particulars. hiooßE. Tobacconist. Maidon, Hosea.

DENNY GOODS, SMALLWARES, 'lca's. Get all to- gether at BaxoLLEL's, 43. Swan-street, Manchester.

UOR SALE, £6 BOOK (Royal Liver), 30 times Cash -12 Apply J. COTTERIL, 50, W iiderapool-road. Warrington.

ALL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- lars free.—Address Lliososr, Boa 278, North-street, Nottingham.

IVO be Sold a goo t WAICD DOG, would suit a farmer; 1. breed, mastiff and St Bernard.-33. GEORGE-STREET, Birkeuh, ad.

QHAW'd PERSIAN FORMELA.—lmmedtate hale grower. Moustaahes, anywhere, 6M.-215, ST. REORGE'S-ROAD, Peckham.

FDR Sale two black wavy RETRIRVER DOGS. live months, 15a and £I.—MIS4 0 FRANCE-HATHURsT, Davenham Rectory. Borthwich.

-11,,0R814N BTASIPS.-30 Elood Varieties, 2.1; 20 Queen J. Victoria Colonials. Bd.; otamp Almanac, 4d. Agents wanted,—Samns bTAMP Co., Boscombe.

AIIEKBBPBR'S RABBIT NBTS made from 9-fold uper flax, 50 yards, 10s. Plaited Cords.—Jostostnes NET WAREHOUSE, 38, Corporation-street Maroshenter.

CkPEN-AIR TREATMENT OF OONSIIMPTION—Radg- kf wick Sanatorium, Sussex. Pure bracing air 21 guineas weekly.—Apply SECRETARY, 165, Clapham-road, Loudon.

UHHHHOLD CHOP, in centre of WarrlnEton, for bale chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be glad to take a lease.—Apply to SPENCER WALLHEAD a SON, Lyme-street, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
litunrp.

THE EXAMINER, FRIO Y. MARCH 1, 1901.

ego Voultrp,

etnits,

et u ration.

1/onsto, (sarriageO. scr,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
R. CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERh OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

&ales bp 2urtion.

BY MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL.

larbtrterp, etc.

MO be Sold. Ssnall Steam Engine and Boiler Cheap, no 1. reasonable offer refused.—tioonwtd, TI, Market-street, Earleatown.

VERTICAL BOILER AND FITTINGS can be seen work- ing at 401bs. pressure ; price 210.--J GALWAY, 18, Waterloo-street, St. Helens.

DON T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE

There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COLOR LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 134 d, each or free en receipt of otansps. from THOMAS FUMING, Chemist. to is

BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST

USED BY ALL THE LEAD- ING FOOTBALL CLUBS.

CURES SPRAINS. CUR Es BRUISES. CURES STIFF, JOINTS. CURES CRAMP. CURES COLD _ON THE

CHEST. CURES RHEUMATISM. CURES SORE THROAT.

E MBROCATI ON JINBEOCATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATION ZAMBROCATION E MBROCATION OF OF OF

The following testimonials speak for themselves :

ASTON VILLA FOUNLI IT MOST BBIIBPIOIAL.

Kr. G. B. RAMSAY. Secretary of the A6lOll VILLA, F. G. writes :

We need Grafton' Embro cation nearly all last season, and found it most effectual and beneficial in cases of bruises sprains, &0., ae."

UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST EM- BROCATION WB BYER HAD. NOITS. FOREST, F.C. Dear Sirs, For several weeks past we have been using Gratton's Oils for our prayers, and I think it only right to you to let you know how valu- able we found them in all eases of sprains. bruises, as. They are un- doubtedly the best Bmorocation we have ever bad.

OF OF OF

GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S G-RATTON'S GRATTON'S FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR

RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM. RHEUMATISM RHEUM kTISM RHEUMATISM SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES BR,UISES BRUISES BRUISES qCOLDS OLDS / kjOLDS COLDS COLDS kjOLDS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIP F JOINTS SORE THROAT SORE THROAT SORE THROAT SORE 111IRoAT SORE THROAT SORE THROAT CRAMP. /-1 CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP.

Yours faithfully, H. S. RADFORD, Secy. SHEFFIELD UNITED. ORR:MEI` AND FOOTBALL CLUB. Gertlemen,

May 22nd, 1898.

It gives .me great pleasure to testify to the excellence of your Embrocation.

Yours faithfully, H. H. STONES, Asst. Secy

AFTER 37 YEARS.

Mr. —tili:—M-AiRiSON:- of the Willows, Walleringbam. Gains- boro" writes.—

"Having been troubled with Rheumatism for 37 veers I am happy to tell you that by con- stant use of Gratton's Embro. cation I have not one quarter the pain I had, in fact it has done me more good than all the other remedies I have trie.i during the 37 years put toget- her." GRATTON'S EAMBROCATION KEEPS THE LIMBS SUPPLIC AND STREN4 FHB NS THE MUSCLES.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WORKING-MAN

SftOUW KB)P A BOTTLI

READY TO RAIW.

Mr. H HAYWARD, of Brown- hills, near Walsall, writes to us That he had the misfortune to fall down while carrying a piece of timber. The timber fell across his leg and bruised and sprained the guider of his knee and he was hardly able to walk Be tried all sorts of oils but none seemed to dolt any good, but one day he was reading the "Walsall Advertiser" and found that Boots, Cash Chem- ists, were advertising Grattou's limbrocation. He decided to buy a bottle and now he is pleased to say that after the second dressing be bad relief of pain, and before he had used the whole of the bottle his knee was sound again. He speaks so highly of It that he thinks every working man ought to have a bottle of this Hmbrocation ready to hand.

TWO BOTTLES quire CChED MY RHEUMATNIII. Mr. C. SHAW, Loughborough. " I wish to inform you of the great good your EmbroCation has done me. I had to walk with two sticks but two bottles quite cured my rheumatism. I have recommenied it to several of my friends who have all found great benefit from it."

HE RECOMMENDED IT TO EVERYBODY. Mr. W. DAVIES, a Miner of Treeton. Nr. Rotherham, says— He had very painful swellings in his knee, and that after several rubbings with Gratton's Embrocation he was able to follow his work as usual. The Embrocation, he avers, is worth a gulnsa a botila. In fact. it has done him so much good that he recom- mends it to everybody he comes in contact with.

ONE BOTTLE SET IT RIGHT. " To Messrs. Anderson Grafton I have used your Embrocation for a capped knee, and I found relief in three applications ; One bottle set it right. I have .150 used it for sprains and bruises, rheumatic affections, and have had no other to equal it. At the present time lam using it for a crushed elbow and find great relief from it, and my friends. that I have recommended it tr., speak highly of it. " W. G. HUTCHINSON, Carlton-on-Trent, Newark."

CYCLISTS PLHASH NOVI • "Mr. Anderson Gratton

4' I have used your Rmbrocation during my training for the 50 miles Lincolnshire Road Record, whioh I covered in, 2 hours 14 minutes. At the% finish I was well rubbed down with your Embrocation and I felt no strain upon the muscles whatever. I shall for the future always use It during my long rides and path racing. "A. R. BUCKLB."

A THANKFUL MUNN. Mr. 3. HARDING, Walsall. " Having tiled every available remedy for rheumatism with little or no relief I tried Grattott's Embrocation, and have known more relief from it than everything else I have ever used. lain very thank- ful you introduced it into Walsall."

tile4mreasi

===== 0002601_19010301_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
USED WITH WONDERFUL

-11-iFECT. _ troubledA W rR Dw istahy s great limbs I resolved AHL: I:3lBnninoTtne eea m to try a bottle of your Ilmbro- cation with the result that a few applications had a wonder- ful eff.ut, giving me almost immediate relief. I derived such great benefit (I never felt worse in my li(e) 1 feel com- pelled to congratulate you upon having been the medium of putting within the reach of the public such a valuable prepara- tion."

.. I have suffered severely with neuralgia and was recommen- ded to try Gratton's Brabroca- ton. I did so and it acted like magic, giving me instant relief. Yours sincerely, "THOMAS BARIUM Derby."

PRICE Is. 10. roa 100. AT BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

SOLB LOCAL AGENTS,

35. BRIDGR-1319ERT 1 WARRINGTON. 5. I BRIDGR-STRIIRT

THE friends of roll— Religious Equality. gious equality mustered

in good force- and spirits this week to review the political situation, and they were able to discover many hopeful indica- tions, many signs of coming change. The General Election had not, on the whole, been unkind to them. There were one hundred and fifteen Non- conformists in the House of Commons. Wales had done very well indeed,and if in Scotland the union of two Presbyterian bodies had seemed to give prominence to ecclesiastical over ordinary politics, Captain PIRIE was bold to declare that when the nest movement towards religious equality began the small nations would take their proper place in connection with the advance. The general outlook in England was promising. There was more unity and cohesion amongst the Free Churches, and that alone was a signifi.- ,caut fact. On the other hand, there was more disunion in the Established Church,. and com- peting ideals were influencing the minds of clergy and laity. Some of them desired more freedom, and the Convocations Bill, as Mr CARVELL WILLIAMS regarded it, was an attempt to obtain some, of the results of Disestablishment with- out any of the disadvantages (to Churchmen) of Disendowment. The Ritualistic movement was making for the decline of the; State connection aid, as one of the speakers argued, it must have the effect of educating the laity in the belief that men must pay for the religion in which they be- lieved. The friends of religious equality were not against the clergy of the Establishment but the establishmer t of the clergy, which was quite another matter. Hence there was a certain amount of sympathy with the efforts to obtain freedom though there was none whatever for the attempt to promote Romanism. The Imperial race of England would not again come under the dominion of the POPE. When they looked at Parliament itself,with its present tendencies and majority,there were undoubted apprehensions, and there was evi- dently much work to he doneand many movements to resist. Dr Cuirroan, in a letter he sent apologising for his absence,, however, sounded the true note. It was not to Parliament that the friends of religious equality looked for their principles or their inspiration. It was the sphere of their activity,not the source of their strength. The present Government was reactionary, unfriendly to religious equality, and it had maimed two -asures of importance, the Dissenters Marriage Act and the new 'Burials Act, useful as these meaqures might prove despite their conditions. Tu.) dAes to the clergy were to be renewed. It was much to be feared that there were sinister de- signs on education. Mr EvAx SPICER and Mr CAR- VELL WILLIAMS laid due stress on the dangers im- mediately ahead. The former dwelt on the diffi- culties in the way of training young men and women for the teaching profession without endan- gering their religious rights and independence. The latter feax ed that the new educational policy of the Government was hostile to religious equality and to Nonconformists, and he advised that cer- tain departments of the State should be carefully watched. Captain PIRIR and Mr T TAYLOR in- sisted upon the necessity of combating the mate- rialism of the time, but both were hopeful as to the development of a more aggressive spirit amongst Nonconformists and Liberals generally, and referred in terms of praise to Sir H CAMPBELL.. BANNERMAN, the Liberal Leader. The outlook for religious equality might seeln to be dark, as several speakers observed, but probabiy it was the dark- ness before the dawn. The Free Churches were re- covering their vigour and self-assertion. The general policy of Dig-establishment was making more friends, and new men were coming to the front to take the places of the veterans.

WHATZVEtt may be The Invasion of Cape the ultimate fate of DE Colony. WET, his invasion of Cape Colony cannot be regarded as one of his suc- cesses. He has twice intended to accomplish great things. The first time he never reached the Orange River, and he had to hurry back to his favourite haunts to escape defeat and capture, breaking through the British lines in a desperate charge. His second adventure has been even more

I

disastrous. He has lost his guns and ammunition, and he has not had a day's rest since he entered 'Cape Colony. Pursued, attacked, and defeated, he is once more a fugitive, and his capture, sur- render, or disappearance cannot be averted. His genius for organization and flight has served him Well. Some of his escapades have been wonderful in the extreme. But now that LORD KITCHENER is better supplied with mounted men the Boer guerilla leader cannot hope to repeat his former exploits, even should he be fortunate enough to gather about him fresh bands of fighting men. For the moment, at any rate, we may dismiss him from the mind, ass man who no longer counts as far as Cape Colony is concerned. He is not likely to make any further raids, and it cannot be many Weeks before Cape Colony and its borders are completely cleared of invaders, though the country cannot soon recover from the devastation which has been brought about by the Boers or has been necessary to prevent them from obtaining horses and supplies. The confidence felt at Capetown in the defence of the Colony has been abundantly justified, and our estimate of the dangers to which it was exposed has not been borne out by the facts. The disloyal residents have been gradually lessening. The younger men have been in the War from the first time the enemy crossed the border. Some of them joined the invaders in the early days of the war. Others have since cast in their lot with their comrades of the Orange Colony. A few have been under arms since the Small commandos passed over the drifts and began to spread alarm, preparatory to the expected co- operation of DE War. Older men have remained at home, rendering what assistance they could to the Boer forces in horses, food, and information. 'The great want of the invaders has been ammuni- tion, and this is undoubtedly failing. DE WET'S secret supplies must be getting exhausted, and the I°Yal residents of Cape Colony must be relieved to think that the worst is now over. They have had a terrible time since the war commenced,and if they /relcomed martial law it was because it promised them protection against their neighbours and false friends. We can hardly be surprised that in Botrie parts they have had to maintain a passive To/c. They were surrounded by farmers and towns- people who were in sympathy with the Boers, and they could not do anything that would expose them to risks. In other parts, where they were the majority, they have behaved splendidly, and they deserve the highest praise for their valour and their sacrifices. During the tension oil the last invasion they have assisted the British forces in every way, and the Cape Government is deeply indebted to them for their patriotism. At home We are concerned with their losses, which must have been considerable. Happily, they can now look forward to a quieter state of thing. As soon as the remnants of the invading bands have been cleared out the Colony will be safe from future attack. Concerted measure of defence will be made in the light of a bitter experience, and the Orange tOers will see the wisdom of remaining at horn, if they have not the grace to submit to a superior force.

An American observer, who has been giving the ,7orld his impressions of Hong Kong under .4.s,ritish rule, seems to have been most struck with :e cheapness of human muscle at that famous r„tt, possibly the busiest in the w )rld. For 6d he a'',„4tcl he could be pulled through the streets for w" hr, and an American dollar, or its equivalent cial sufficient to secure a chair and two brawny nese to carry it about for a whole day. Boat till's it the harbour were equally cheap. However, e vvriter, who must have known something of the heathen Chinee in his own country, thinks the }long Kong variety beats everything in crimin- ality. It was at Hong Kong that two Chinese thieves "lifted" the clock of the thief hall of justice while the court was in session, one of them explaining when asked by a policeman what be was doing up the ladder Wanchee make fix." This moral delinquency is tot attributed to British rule, which, it is satis- tactory to note, this observer praises to the skies. Zi.dently it seems to him that at Hong Kong the whi.te rnan's burden is being borne in a fashion Uncle Sam, with all his attempts in Hawaii, •„11. 'Anba, or in the Philippines, has never yet sue- ed M attaining. The burden, however, is not telt by those who reside there, for he would have us believe that Hong Kong is a little paradise for ts foreign residents. They make a lot of money, 4," Vend a lot of money. They have more clubs a sporting or social kind than any other Euro- Peat community of the kind, and they find life Well worth living.

There is a delightful skit in the new number of ,„the Cornhill on the methods of modern elections. -12 he gentleman referred to—Mr. Barrington tounderley—came to fame—via the London ounty Council—on account of his great speech as o the quality of underclothing supplied to the 4tetropolitan Fire Brigade, which was afterwards Published in pamphlet form. Therein a noble peer qetected the County Councillor's Imperial ardour ta well as his tact. The eulogy suggested that he should apply himself to still higher work. l'neither our flannels nor our Empire must be' 6uffered to shrink." Then you get the appeals, Bounderley and the Union," "Bounderley and kgetter Times," " Bounderley and an Open Bible," tounderley and Pure Beer." So far, the joke is Itgainst the electors; but the writer points out that when the member of Parliament realises the dream of his ambition he has to ',ark very hard to retain it. His life one long public meeting. He never leaves a attar unanswered. He subscribes to almost every I)hilanthropic object, and generally his ciareer is ~1115 of toil. Still, in this toil he has ambition Vtified. The skit points out the two most erous temptations to a member of Perlis- ". These qualities are, in fact, united in the eti;racter pourtrayed. The one is cant, and the er is enjoying the dignity fo; personal gratifi- er4,ti°n. The larger the promises the more cer- ..a,„, •eu,;"3' may a candidate be suspected of selfish v "8, for if he appeals to selfishness it is the m0i1.% il.% th_ Power he himself thinks most important. On " other hand, an assumption of all the virtues 8 not the way to encourage belief in their posses- °". Quite the reverse.

Our main roads and streets are at present in no :erY agreeable condition owing to the variable and ere weather of the past few weeks. We may ,ven legitimately grumble because they are not petter than they are but by way of comparison Za alight just refer to a traveller's description of e faraolis North-road. Arthur Young the eminent -gricultural writer, during his tour in 1770 had Zcaeion to use this great turnpike road, and he 12, ae refers to the portion between Wigan and , reeton. '1 know not, in the whole range of ian • gliaget terms sufficiently expressive to describe this infernal road. To look over a map, and per- T.eive that it is a principle one, not only to some but even whole counties, one would natur- Y conclude it to be at least decent: but let me ba°4 seriously caution all travellers who may Zecidentiv purpose to travel this terrible county, t° avoid it as they would the devil, for a thousand t° °Le but they break their necks or their limbs by ,verthrows or breakings-down. They will meet 4deere with ruts,which I actually measured,four feet eP,and floating with mud, only from a wet sum- TL. at,therefore must it be after a winter ? " ue trials of the cyclist in the "good old times" t7eald have been hard indeed, had the cycle bsen rnosiltillveuted. Ruts four feet deep would be a „ serious inconvenience, especially during Piz

===== 0002601_19010301_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

With the advent of March comes the very near approach of the triennial elections to the County Council under the Local Government Act of 1888, and a few days later there will be the triennial elections of poor law Guardians under the Act of 1894. With regard to the comparatively new County Councils throughout the provinces, it may be said that the work accomplished hitherto in county government has for the most part been carried on efficiently and with due regard to the pockets of the ratepayers. The greater portion of ' the business, performed as it is in committee, and: formally endorsed as a rule with no great amount of discussion at the public meetings of the Councils does not come vrry prominently under the public notice. But it is none the less valuable and import- ant on that account. Considering, as has just been suggested, that the work and machinery of county government is as yet really new, it may be said that the wheels run with rerwirkable smoothness, and that the Councils have fully justified their being called into existence. Toe fact that they have pro- ceeded thus far with so little friction accounts for the compara. ively small number of contestei elections, and augurs well, perhaps, for the future.

It was thought by some people in 1894, before the Local Government Act of that year came into operation, that when the new Boards of Guardians were created by purely popular election, there would be a less rigid hold on the public purse strings, and that the principles of a stern political economy would give place to the promptings of a sympathy nearly akin to sentimentality. It was believed in particular that a democratically elected Board of Guardians would be much more disposed to grant out-relief and be less exacting in the mat- ter of the Workhouse test. Figures relating to six years operations under the Act, however, clearly demonstrate how ill-founded such a belief was. Yet the Act of 1894 brought about considerable changes in the method of election, of which many persons still require to be reminded. There is now no elction, for instance, in a rural parish, as the rural district Councillors act as guardians for their parishes. Ex officio guardians were abolished One- third of the whole Board of Guardians retire on April 15th in each year, though the County Council may direct that all the guardians shall retire to- gether every third year. A chairman and vice- chairman, and not more than two other persons, may be elected by the guardians from outside their own body. The meetings and proceedings of a board of guardians have been assimilatea to those of a District Council, and are now regulated by the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the meetings and proceedings of a local board.

The Executive Committee of the Association of Poor Law Unions appear to have reasonable ground of complaint against the Local Government, for having decided that the new dietary order shall come into force on the 25th inst , without paying any attention to the views expressed at their res- pective meetings, by two hundred Unions scattered all over the country, replies from which had been received by the Association, and had led the latter to draw up a list of recommendations, intended for the Board's consideration. The opinions of all these Guardians thus count for nothing, and the order in regard to the new dietary scales must be carried out in spite of them

Poor-law returns show that in England and Wales during the last quarter o f 1900 the number of paupers in every thousand of the population was 21.0 at the end of October,2l•4 at the end of Novem- ber, and 21.6 at the end of Dec3mber. Comparison of the figures with those for previous years indicate that, as regards each of the three months of the quarter, the proportion was smaller last year than in any of the forty three years preceding. This is very satisfactory as far as it goes; but for a great number of years we have had the anomaly of a decreasing rate of pauperism, with an increasing rate of expenditure upon it,

From various parts of the provinces, particularly in the larger town, come reports of the noble response made to the latest call to arms. Only a month has elapsed since the call was issued, and during those four weeks eleven thousand have Joined the Yeomanry. Indeed, the spontaneity that has. marked the response to the call has proved almost embarrassing to the authorities, who did not expect the recruiting to proceed so rapidly. The consequence has been to show a little unprepared- ness at Aldershot and elsewhere. Now that the full significance of the movement is realised, however, the Government appears to be making every effort to provide proper accsmmodation for the men, and to furnish the necessary equipment. Already drafts of the Yeomanry have embarked for South Africa. Seven hundred left Aldershot on Monday for South- ampton, and more than a thousand from Woolwich left for Capetown on Tuesday. Even if the Yeo- manry are not required for actual fighting the men may always find congenial work as mounted police under Baden-Powell.

Municipalisation grows apace, whatever some of the higher authorities may advance against it. Here Is Ashton-under-Lyne Town Council deciding to purchase apparatus for sterilising " humanis- ing" milk, and determining to open a shop at which it is to be sold. This, we are told, is being done with the object of reducing the high infantile mortality, which is said to be due to improper feed- ing. It is proposed, however, to sell the sterilised milk not only in bottles for infants' food, but also in pint and quart measures for general purposes. The Corporation are said to anticipate a considerable basil:less in this direction, and to believe that eventually it will become a source of profit- But we have yet to learn What Mrs Grundy, in the form of the Local Government Board, or of the opponents of these municipalising tendencies, have to say. The milk sterilising innovation is about the most startling one has hitherto heard of. But possibly there may be something equal to it yet to come, and one ought not to be surprised at anything.

----- School Boards in various districts are agreeing to petition the House of Commons respecting the de- cision in the High Court concerning the teaching of <inience and art in their schools. It is impossible to suppose that the Government will allow any retrograde movement to affect the cause of popular education;but none the less it seems the duty of every School Board to press the matter upon the attention of Parliament. It may be in- ferred from the Duke of Devonshire's statement in the House of Lords, however, which has so astonished Earl Spencer, Lord Battersria and other ardent educationists, that nothing will be done in either House while the questions raised by the judgment in "Regina v. Cockerton " remain un- settled. The Duke considers it will be highly inex- pedient "either to encourage or permit " School Boards to make further advances in providing education of a type which, he says, was " certainly not contemplated by Parliament when School , Boards were established."

TO OCHE A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Brom° Quinine Tablets. AU Druggists re- and the money if it falls to cure. 1/Ik. ',Che genuine is stamped L. H. Q. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. The attendance included:—Mr .1 Moseley Williams (presiding), tar T Reynolds, the Members of the Rural District Council, with Mr W S Hough (deputy clerk) and Mr Joseph Cunnah (Master). The absence of the Clerk was accounted for, as he was attending the Poor Law Conference in London, along with Messrs A It Norman and T Baxter' Mr 9 Wood- ward reported that out relief was granted, Runcorn £B5, Frodsham £2O, Budworth £22. The payments included £3,257 Is Id to the County Treasurer. £33 Os 63 to the Dutton School Board, The balance last meeting was £39 2s 21, total receipts £2,130, Be acheques required £3,431 18s 3d,leaving a deficiency of £1,282 75 7d. Mr T Wright seconded and the report was adopted.

o RAWFORDI,S CREAM

CRACKERS, CRISP AND 'ERADIY

===== 0002601_19010301_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SCiLDING ACCIDENT AT WIDNES.

On Saturday night a man named James Keogh, aged 40 years, 10, Ann street, was sitting near the tire, when a kettle of boiling water accidentally fell over him and scalded his face and chest severely. The unfortunate man was removed to the Accident Hospital and attended by Dr. Hutchinson. UPPER MERSEY WATERMEN AND THEIR

===== 0002601_19010301_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPLOYERS.

An unique discovery in labour circles was made the other week, when it became generally known that men engaged 'alongside ship," as it is called, were in receipt of no extra pay for overtime; and as the matter affected the Upper Mersey wat.ermen and Porters very materially it was at once taken in hand by the Executive Committee of that body and the employers approached on the subject. A satis- factory issue has been arrived at, and the Execu- tive on Monday afternoon, met at their head- quarters, High-street, Runcorn, and decided to accept the offar of the combined employers of 5i per hour per man. Overtime to count from eight p.m., to seven a.m., and from 2 p.m. on Saturdays. Pay to commence from the time of receiving a definite order to stand by for work alongside ship. There has been no dispute, and no coercion, and the very amicable settlement of a practical new issue s a matter for all round congratulation. WEST BANE MISSION, WIDNES.

In connection with the above mission there was a very good attendance on Saturday evening at the 1 usual weekly concert. " Killarney " and "The Rose of Allendale" were capitally given by Miss Wilson, while Mr J Bingham scored a distinct triumph with "The Pardon Came Too Late" and "See that my grave's kept green." Mr II Dwerryhouse con- tributed a violin solo with no little taste; while Mr T Richards, for a selection on the fairy bells, was warmly applauded The recitations, "I cannot bear it now,"" Which One?" and the "The Little House- keeper," by Misses Annie and Alice Bingham, proved that their oratorical ability was of no mean order. The duet "If we try," by Miss and Mr Tickle, was sang with much expression, while the former further enhanced her reputation by the rendering of "Her Boy, Jack." The pianoforte solos, "The Referee from Klondyke," and "The Grecian March." by Miss Leach, was much enjoyed. An Old Woman's Shockinc, Death. An inquest was conducted at thet'Police Station, by Mr S Brighouse, County !Coroner, on Tuesday afternoon, relative to the death of Hannah Maria Miller, 73 years of age, who resided with her hus- band at 6, Hart's-place, off Bridge-street, and was burnt to death on Saturday evening. —Elizabeth ' Seddon, 3, Hart's-place, daughter of tha deceased, gave evidence to the effect that she last saw her mother alive at 5.30 on Saturday evening. She then appeared very feeble 89 usual. About 6.40 the same evening her (witness's) nephew informed her that smoke was issuing from his grandmother's house. She at once proceeded there and found the kitchen full of smoke and in darkness. She ran upstairs to look for her mother but could not find her. She also went into the yard but de- ceased was not there. She then returned to the kitchen and her foot caught against something. She stooped down, and found her mother lying on the floor with her clothing smouldering. Dr Geary was sent for and found the deceased was terribly burnt about the body and face. Life was extinct. Deceased was in the habit of lighting the gas, which projected out over the lire-place, with a long piece of paper and witness thought she must have been in the act of lighting it, when by some means her clothing became ignited. Deceased's husband who was 78 years of age, left the house at six!o'clock,and consequently the deceased was alone, A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned.

_ ASK or OUNNINGHAW HIGH-CLASS AIINERa.L WATECRS--Ad MILL-BROW RAGGED SCHOOL MISSION, RUNCORN. On :iaturlay evening the weekly concert was given in the schoolroom by Mr F Ellison's musical party. The room was crowded. Rev N J Poole took the chair Master F Robinson opened the pro- gramme with "Polly Wolly Doodle," and an encore was demanded. Mr J Clare sang "Genevieve" with excellent effect, and Mrs F Ellison was loudly en- cored for "Say an revoir." She responded with the last verse. Master G Higgins newel much amuse- ment with his rendering of "Komi Kimo," and the song "Flight of Ages" was well interpreted by Mrs T Leach. Mr F Ellison was vociferously recalled for the humorous ditty "The story of a bike," and öe responded with another humorous selection. Dur- ing the interval Mr Cunningham made a few instruc- tive remarks to the gathering, and refreshments were served. The entertainment re-commencedwith a duet by Mrs T Leach and Mr F Ellison, entitled "Love and Pride;' which was well appreciated,and Master 1r Robinson caused a sensation with "The tin Gee Gee,' being recalled in an enthusiastic manner Master G Higgins was in evidence with a reading, and Mr F Ellison was again encored for "I'd like to go halves in that." He responded wish "No time to part," which was also heartily en- joyed. "The Song that reached my heart," by Mrs F Ellison was a creditable effort, and Mr J Clare was warmly applauded for the " Last Parade." Miss N Banner sang " The very worst girl in school "in dainty fashion, and a song was given by Mrs Banner, Mr F Ellison wound up in splendid style with "Musical Neighbours," and " lis cannot take the two of us." The artistes were accorded a vote of thanks, and the concert concluded with the National Anthem. __

===== 0002601_19010301_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS._

RICHSTGHT RHI3T-011113-.1-D1514.3133 OF TEIB YR CURB° without operation. Balk with full par- ticulars, free bypost on mentioning this paper.- Address W. MELLori, Eye Specialist. 288.0xfurd read, hianhester.

..IRIO.US FIRE AT WIDNRS

At one o'clock on Monday morning a serious fire broke out in a dwelling-house at 3, Luton-street, occupied by William Hatton, hi n wife, family, and a lodger named Enoch Jones. About eleven o'clock on the Sunday, Mr and Mrs Hatton retired to bed, Jones retiring half an hour later, leaving the house all right. At one o'clock he was awakened by the bedroom being full of smoke. He at once raised an alarm and together with Jones went downstairs and found the lower rooms also full of smoke, which was issuing from a pantry underneath the staircase As it was apparently impossible to extinguish the flames a messenger was despatched to the Police Station and very promptly P.C's Evans, Davidson, and Messenger arrived on the scene of the confla- gration. The neighbours were also aroused, and very quickly buckets of water were employed in extinguishing the flames.lnformation was also con- veyed to the Fire Brigade Station, and but little time was lost before eight firemen under foreman Beesley arrived, bringing witu them a band-reel. There was a good pressure of water, and as they commenced to play on the flames the tire visibly de- creased and it was soon extinguished. At the time the fire brigade commenced operations Mrs Hatton was in bed with the two children. She managed to get downstairs with one, but was forced to leave the other child in bed, owing to the staircase being on fire and the large volume of smoke, which was emitted. Jones made a gallant attempt at rescue, but was beaten back, and it seemed as though the child would be lost. P.C. Davidson however, made an attempt which ended more fortunately, piercing the fire and smoke and bringing the child, aged about two years,out of harm's way. The damage is considerable,and how the fire originally commenced has not yet been definitely ascertained.

DBLIOIOUS MAiAWATTSH INA fIhIt.IOIOUS MAZ AWATTSB TB A. DBLIGIOUS tdAZ AWATTIIN TSAI SOLE AGENTS: }MIRY MILLING A Ca., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC.. 5, HOBREMARKET-BIRENT. WARRINGTOIC

===== 0002601_19010301_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, PHI DAY, MARCH 1, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCOUN INSTITUTR. SCNOOL.

Cambridge Local Examination Results. The fol- lowing students have passed the last Cambridge Examination held December, 1900. Junior Exam- ination—Girls, I Warburton—Boys, J J Nixon, G Robinson. Preliminary examination—Girls, E Lunt—Boys, e Walker, S Edwards, II Gibbs, J Har- rop, I Hodgetts, J Lea, E Davies, H Hough, I Laughna, H Rociick,J Sayle, L Whitfield. SIR JOHN BRUNNER, M.P. Extract from the votes and proceedings of the Howse of Commons February 22nd, 1901 "Standing Orders :—Ordered that the Select Committee on Standing Orders do consist of thirtean members : Sir John Brunner, Sir William Coddington. Mr John Edward Ellis, Sir Thomas Esmond, Dr Far- quharson. Mr Halsey, Mr Humphreys Owen, Mr James Lowther, Sir James Rankin,Mr William Red- mond, Sir Mark M' Taggart Stewart, Mr Whitmore and Mr Woodhouse were accordingly nominated members of the Committee." THE LATE DR RICHARDS, WIDNES. On 'A ednesday afternoon the mortal remains of the late Councillor Dr Richards, of Widnes, who died on Monday, were laid to rest in St Mary's Churchyard. At three o'clock the members of the Town Council assembled and drove to the house of the deceased in Mersey-road. Subsequently a force of police under Sub-Inspector Strickland arrived, and forming into procession, the party marched to the church close by. An impressive service was held. The Vicar (Rev C B Stocks) eulogised in high terms the character of the deceased. A SOLDIER AND HIS RAILWAY TRAVELLING, Peter Cropper, a soldier of the 18th Hussars. pleaded guilty at Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wed- nesday to travelling on the railway from Runcorn to Helsby on the previous night without a ticket. A railway inspector proved the charge. The prisoner admitted that he was absent without leave and said be was on his way to Chester Castle to give himself up. If the magistrates would discharge him he would go back to his regiment like a man. He was fined 53 or seven days' imprisonment. A THIEF WELL PUNISHED. The Runcorn magistrates on Wednesday morning sentenced Sarah Helsby, a well-known character with five convictions for larceny standing to her credit for the last year, to three months hard labour for stealing 23 61 out of a purse.—lt ap- peared prisoner went to the house of Mrs George Walton in Ellesmere-street, and asked for per- mission to wash. This Mrs Walton kindly granted, and allowed her to stay until about a quarter to twelve, when Ilelsby went out and returned about half-past. In the morning Helsby had seen Mrs Walton take some money out of a purse which she took and placed in"a cupboard. On the occasion of Helsby's return Mr; Walton was obliged to go to the.: Stores cart," outside her house, and whilst absent Helsby took the half-crown from the purse. —Prisoner admitted the offence to P.C.'s Shaw and Carrington who arrested her. SHOCKING NEWIRCT OF CH/LDRAN AT WIDNES. On Thursday, at Widnes Petty Sessions. Peter and Ellen Platt, 6, Dowell-street, Widnes, were charged with neglecting their three children on February 25 and other dates. The evidence showed that a National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children official found the children in a dirty condition and ill-clad. The house was in a shock- ing state. Both vrere sent to gaol for three months —John .Reynolds was, similarly charged with neglecting five children on February 21 and ether dates —After hearing 011ie evidence the Bench adjourned the case for a month.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORIVESPONDBITY.I The County Council elections for the locality have just worked out as arranged ; save, of course, that some irresponsible persons should have nomina- ted Mr R H Posnett in the Liberal interest, without first consulting him. He, however, at once with- drew; and the retiring Councillors, Messrs A R Norman and E Imison, resume their offices, having our undivided confidence.

The Runcorn Board of Guardians is a body up-m which these has always been experienced a difficulty in getting anyone to sit as representing the town of Runcorn. The Rev Dr Gastaldi, Mr John Meadowcroft, and Mr Robert Wright are understood not to be seeking re-election : and so far no names are forthcoming of persons likely to fill the vacan- cies. Messrs s Taylor and I R Norman, T Lea and T Reynolds, have for some time been the only work- ing reliresentatives of the district; and,should they wish it, will be returned unopposed in their several wards. The reason for the difficulty in getting representative men at Dutton, is apparently, their difficulty in creating " a f allowing " ; and those who accept the office find themselves called upon to discharge duties of such a routine nature, in such an un-get-e-able place, that very soon they con- sider" the game is not worth the candle."

_ --- Indeed, it may be said with truth, that the only guardian representing Runcorn, in a position to do more than already indicated is Mr A R Norman (the genial chairman of the House Committee), and the work he does in his department is well known and appreciated. But, notwithstanding all the peculiar circumstances which go to make a Guardian's posi- tion almost an honorary one, at the next election we will be face to face with three vacancies, and should be on the look out for gentlemen willing to accept office on our behalf as Guardians of the Poor, and failing gentlemen, ladies' services right be secured.

---- DO,Steele, whose death took place at Frodshaii on Friday lest, was practically the first gentleman to put forward the qaistion of "A Cottage Hospital for Runcorn," though at the time he dia so the proposal was very coldly received.

DEATH OF DR. STEELE, FRODSHAM.

It is with regret that vre announce the death, which took place at his residence, Netherton, Frodsham, of Dr Matthew Steele, third son of the bite Mr Matthew Steele, of blverpool and Dem rrrrr . The deceased gentleman was well known in Runcorn by reason of his connection with an important industrial undertaking, and also by tGhoev efirrnmmeonft tdo ef shr es two wi zng. his awsawsefioatr‘m"erwlyitahptahretnLeorciant Bros. and Steele, proprietors of the Old Quay Chemical Works, and continued to b, actively identified with the undertaking until it was taken over by the United Alkali Co., in 1890. Be rendered excellent service to the town as a member of the Old Board of Commis- sioners, arid his colleagues on that authority did him the honour of appointing him their chairman, a position which he held in the years 1881 and 1882. It was during this time that Dr Steele made a strong endeavour to found a cottage hospital for Runcorn. He convened I several meetings of the townspeople forthePllirPnhoisf I carrying out • scheme, but the project at that time to was not received with very much favour, and I 'it was ultimately allowed to droe. He qualified as a I jtistice of the peace in the County of Chester on the I 2nd of July, 1888, and he subiequently removed late residence at Netherton, Froashain. where he estab- lished a kind ef experimental dairy, in which he took the greatest interest. Although be rarely sat at Runcorn he was most attentive to his magisterial duties at Frods- ham,and he was always actuated with a desire to temper justice with mercy. In politics be was a Conservative, and in religion a loyal and staunch member of the Established Church. Be was known to be a kind friend and neighbour, and his demise is deeply regretted, not only by his imms bate relatives,but also by a wide circle of friends.lThe deceased gentleman was in his 63rd year. Magisterial References at Runcorn, , At the Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Sir Richard Brooke, Bart (chairman), referred to the loss I the Bench had sustained by the death of the late Dr. I Sreele. Be had been a magistrate in that division since I 1888, and his colleagues entertained the highest esteem for him. They would like the Clerk (Mr Johnson) to forward a letter expressing their sympathy iwith the family in their bereavement. Mr Johnson said he would have pleasure in complying with the request of the Bench. The Funeral. The mortal remains of Dr Steele, M.D., J.P.,of Nether- ton Frodsbam, were on Wednesday afternoon com- mitted to tbe grave at Kingsley Church. The funeral was attended by numerous Cheshire magistrates, meg. nates of the chemical world, professional men and representatives of numerous local public bodies. There were twelve coaches and private carriages. The chief mourners included the Rev Canon Weatherhead, Rev H B Blogg, Rev A P Reynolds, Rev C Steele (son), Messrs Gerald, Matthew, and Erie Steele (sons), R Steele (brother), Faulkner (son-in- law), W Wigg, Dr Lees (brother-in-law), Dr Carruthers, G Stanley, J.P, Crosfield, J.P, F J 15101111110, J.P. C H RSTIIBOII, D Pearson (superintendent of Runcorn Police), A Garnett (Aigburth), J Moaeley Williams (chairman of the Runcorn Board of Guardians), F Johnson (magis- trates clerk, Runcorn). The coffin was covered with numerous floral tributes of respect. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev A P Reynolds (vicar of Kingsley), Rev a B Blogg (vicar of Frodsham), and the Rev II Steele (brother), CADBURY'S Cocoa has a world-wide reputation as a deli clone, strengthening beverage, and a valuable nutritive food the "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having eananar's—sold only in packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for tba sake of extra probt.—Advt. (1)

===== 0002601_19010301_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCHES UNITED MISSION. The Closing Meetings.

Tuesday evening witnessed the closing meeting in connection with the Free Churches United Mission in Warrington. From every point of view, the mission has been a great success, and the Free Churches have been so encouraged by the results as to decide to continue a Sunday evening United Mission service during March. The first of these services will be held to-morrow (Sun- day) evening in the Winwick-street Co-operative , Hall. At the farewell meeting on Tuesday, suitable expression was given of the indebted- ness of the Free Churches of Warrington to the Rev. John Gould for his excellent work ' during the mission. The hope has been freely expressed that if at any future time it is decided to hold a united mission, such as that just closed, a return visit of the Rev. J. Gould would go far towards securing its success. Mr. Gould's sympa- thetic and soul-stirring addresses have commended themselves to all who have had the privilege of listening to him, and the large audiences at the ser- vices have been evidence of his popularity.

Saturday night's Temperance Meeting.

One of the most successful temperance meetings which have been held in Warrington was that arranged for in connection with the Mission and held in Bold- street Wee'cyan Chapel on Saturday evening. The attendance was large ; the addresses were excellent . and the number of persons who signed the pledge at the close was most encouraging. Mr R A Naylor presided, and there were also present on the platform. the Mayor- eel (Mrs H Roberts), Mrs R Garnett, Miss Naylor, and Miss Bessie Dutton, the Revs J Yonge, E T Reed, T Bishop, C H Hocken, J F Matthews. J I. Milne, and E G King (of Liverpool). It was announced that the RIV J Gould (the missioner), who had suffered from a cold during toe week, was taking a well-merited rest, and would not be present, though he was in full sympathy with the temperance movement, While the people were assembling the United Free Church choir sang several hymns. Mr W Brouth c )nducl.d, and Mr F Hickman presided at the organ. The mee:ing was opened with singing and prayer. The Camesuar observed that it wag a pleasure to him to preside over such a respectable gathering, lie was afraid Ulf 3 were not many drunkards present, so he did not suppose he needed to urge the plea addressed to the drunkard that it would be a good thing for himself and those connected with him if he would sign the pledge. He did not know, however, whether it had struck them that there was an much necessity for the respectable part of a community to sign the pledge as there was for the drunkard. Of course the drunkard was a degraded being. He robbed himself of the reason which Gd had given him, he dethroned his manhood. He was are obj •ct of pity, but many of the poor creatures they saw brought before the magistrates for this offence might, had they been brought up under better conditions, have lived far different lives, and they in another station could not be sufficiently thankful to their parents for teaching them the great principles of total abstinence. (Hear, hear.) There Was one thiog cartain,it was utterly impossible for those who practised those principles to become drunkards. Befoie a man became a drunkard he had to become a drinker, and the high road to drunkenness was along the way of moderation. (Hear, hear ) If they never became moderate drinkers they would never become drunkards. In the blunt phrase- ology of one of the early temperance men, "if you never take the first glass the devil himself cannot make you have a second." (Hear, hear.) Many people to whom drink was no temptation considered there was no necessity for them to sign the pledge, but looking at the question in the light of the Christian religion it was the duty of Christian people to become pledged total abstainers so that they might have a greater influence with those who had fallen. Though there was not a single drunkard present there might be Christian men and women who did not consider it obligatory to sign the pledge for the sake of others. He would ask them, however, for the sake of poor sugaring humanity to take this question into their most serious consideration, and say whether it was not their duty—seeing that the country was cursed so grievously by strong drink, know- ing that because of it thousands of poor little children were badly-clad and ill-fed and scarcely knew what it was to have the love and affection of a kind father and mother, seeing also that our prisons, workhouses and lunatic asylums were mainly populated because of the same evil—as Chrietian people, and for the sake of the Master who made such sacrifice for them, to make this little aacrifiee for Him. (Applause). The Rev E G KING, of Liverpool, delivered an im• preesive address in which he was able from his own experiences, to present a vivi pietnee of the evils attend- ant upon intemperance. Ho eloquently appealed to all who had not already done so to sign the pledge. He said he assumed that there Wtr3 some present who did not censider it a eecred duty to sign the pledge. To them he would lay down the proposition that it was the bounden duty of every Christian man and woman t 3 be a total abstainer. If they could get every Christian man and every Christian woman to sign the pledge, they could bring the stronees: Government that ever existed to its knees within twelve months. (Hear, hear). They would then be within measurable distance of a final solu- tion of the great drink ispaestisn, and their country would anon be purged of the greatest curse that had ever afflicted a nation in ancient or modern times. Be might be a bigot or a fanatic, but for the life of him he could not understand how any man with an en- lightened Christian conscience could have any other than one opinion about the drink traffic. A gentlemen told the audience at one of his (the speaker's) Band of Hope meetings, that so many hundred ministers of religion were shareholders in the great brewery c mcerns of the country. He (the speaker) did not believe for a single moment, and he told the gentle- man, that any of those ministers were ministers of the Nonconformist Churches. (Hear, hear.) There were two reasons. In the first place they had not the money to invest—(laughter)—and secondly they had far too much conscience to invest money if they had it in such a nefarious trade. A man who would be a minister of Christ's holy religion and draw part of his income from the ruin of the bodies and souls of the people was a monster wherever he might be, and if there was no other church on the face of God's earth he (the speaker) would never darken the doors of his sanctuary to listen to the Gospel from his lips, (Applause). Ile believed the time was coming when there would be such a strong Christian sentiment in all their churches that it would be utterly impossible for a minister, or an offise bearer, deacon, steward, local preacher, Sunday mehool teacher, Christian Endeavourer or any man to hold any office who was not clear on this matter. (Hear, hear.) Not only upon scientific, economic and physical grounds was it desirable that all should be total abstainers but on the highest moral and spiritual grounds. The man who teuched drink was always in danger. There was death in it. When it took hold of • Man it Was almost impossible for him to give it up. (Applause.) Mr. Lim Ricaannsou very effectively sang "Dire to be a Daniel," the choir joining in the chorus. The Rev C FINCH also delivered a telling address. H. related some of his experiences in temperance work, and told the audiences why various people he had known had signed the pledge. In conclusion he made an earnest appeal to those whe hai not done so already, to sign the pledge. A number of pledge books were taken round by mem- bers of the British Women's Temperance Association and a number of signatures were obtained. The services of Mr and Mies Naylor were fittingly acknowledged on the proposition of the Rev. JOHN YONGE, seconded by Mr. Councillor Jestiss.EVANS. _ .

Mr NAYLOR in acknowledging the compliment, said he thought that the vote of thanks should have been given to the speaker. Ile hid been very pleased to see so many people join the cause. He announced that the number of pledges signed was 43 of men and 33 of women. Oners signed the pledge afterwards. After the singing of a hymn the meeting concluded with prayer by the Rev John Yonge.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Services on Sunday.

The attendanc.s at the two services on Sunday were larger than ever, and some were unable to obtain admis- sion at the evening meeting. The service in the after- noon was for men only, and a cordial invitation was given to members of Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Socie- ties to attend. The Wycliffe, Buckley-street, and Young Men's Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Societies were present, having marched in procession from their various centres to the Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Over 1,000 men were present, and the interior of the building presented an imposing and encouraging appearance. The His- sioner was accompanied on the platform by the local Free Church ministers and the secretaries. "The meeting was opened by the singing of a hymn and then prayer was conducted by the Rev John Yonge, the lesson being read by the Rev H G Roberts, M A. The address was given by the Missioner, who based his remarks on the words "All things are now ready." He urged upon those present the necessity of surrendering themselves to God while they were young. They were all, he said, born in the arms of Jesus, but by-and-bV , they fell sway. Some of them would, no doubt say that they would leave off conversion to a future period, but the present was the best time. The meeting was closed by prayer. There was a number of inquirers at the close. The evening meeting, held after the ordinary services in the churches was largely attended, the vast building being crowded. It was expected that an overflow meeting would have been held in the schoolroom, but no arrangements had been made for it, and as a conse- quence many had to be refused admission to the Church As the vast congregation joined in the praise of God,the sight was a deeply impressive one. In the words of the Rev J Yonge, " A more imposing sight has never been seen In Warrington." The Rev John Gould was on the rostrum, being supported by the Revs J Yonge, H G Roberts, E T Reed, J T Schofield, J F Matthews, and Masan Shaw Green, 3 Evans and Twigs. An earnest

and powerful address was delivered by the Missioner, and the in:ieting field afterward.' was well attended. Mr Levi Richardson sing in his usually efficient manner, " Come unto me ye weary,"

===== 0002601_19010301_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Closing Meetings.

There was no afternoon meeting on Monday, but at night a large congregation asiembled, and the missioner preached one of his best discour-es at the mission. The united choir was again present in strong force under the conductorship of Mr. Brough. It may be stated that three organists have given their s Tvices during the missien, namely Mr W El Payton, Mule B se, Mr F Hick- man and Mr E Wilkes, AL. C.M. The concluding meeting was held on Tuesday' evening. At 6.30 tea was provided in the schoolroom tor those who have bem gathered in during the missi r 4 7ogether with friends and workers. Aoout 500 iCC down to tea, and as it was impossible to provide accocninodation at one sitting, a second sitting wss held. The company afterwards adjourned to the church w 'Jere a meeting WWI conducted. There was a large congregation. The R ,v. Theodore Bishop presided and he was accompanied within the rostrum by the miasioner, and th • Revs John Y‘ange, C 11 Elocken, J L Milne, E T Red, J Finch, J S Hughes, J F Matthews, J T Schofield, Coun- cillors W Brough and James Evans, Messrs T Bsrton, ALI Dunn and S B Sasinger. The service op snEci with the singing of the hymn, " 01. for a thou 4and tongues to sing," after which the Rev E r Real led the congre- gation in prayer. . _

- The Rev ti T [SHOP said they oueht En be very thankful indeed for the blessings they had received during ill mission,and announced that the Ellesm re-street psnple had also been having a tilissi•MA on th-ir oNn account, and he hoped they would have every Success. Later in the evening he announce i that Mode? ni.ght's collec- tion amounted to R 8 8i BJ, and said that if the congre- gation woeld give them a good collection that night the neissi'm would be able to pay its way. The Rev JOHN YoNoe, iu proposing a comprehensive vote cr.! thanks to all who had assisted during the mission, said the mission had been corned on is the spirit ot prayer and unity and they were on ling it, so far as the mission services were concerned, in the spirit of praise as well as of prayer. They must not forget how many poop e there were who had cootributed, humanly speaking, to the success of the enterprise. It was only fitting that a word of acknowledgment should be uttered to the various friends who had combined together to bring about so blessed a time as ihlr had been enjoying. after acknowledging the services of th- ceoii, the secre- taries, the caretaker (Mr Tate), the singing bands, the canvassers, Gnd the press, Mr Yon !re referred to indebtedness of the free churches to the missioner. There were certain anxinus fluttering.; in their minds as to whether any man who was not known in Warring- ton would be likely to suceeei in gathering the people together, but when some two or three months ago a number of workers had the npportueity of meeting Mr Gould, many good °Orli ois were formed of him, and their experience during the mission had more than con- firmed all the feeline,s they had in regard to him. (Hear, hear.) He had given to them many charming addresses, addresses which were bright, winning and earnest pre- sentations of the glorious gospel of the blessed Cred. rtrif, words they had listened to had been words of great help to them. He did nut rem-mber any mission, and be had experienced s few, which had brought to his own heart so much positive refresh. meat and stimulus as this mission had done. The meetings as Mr Gould hid conducted them, had been free from sensationalism, and there was nothing to which anyone could raise objection. Although Mr Gould canoe as a stranger he was leaving as a friend, and if at any time another mission was devised, they would be gird to have Mr Gould as the rnissioner. Mr Gould would have the joy that he would leave fruits of his ministry, and there was no joy to be compared with that tor a true minister of Jesus Christ. Ira conclusion, Mr Yonge expressed the hops that as the Free Churches , were unite I together they woeld keep together and work together in Christ's cause. Let them, he said, evangelise the town. If people would not come to the Churches they must take the Gospel to them. (Applause.) Refer- ence was then made to the united mission to be held on Sunday evenings in Winwick-street Co-operative Hall,bv which means the Free Churches hoped to carry the work of the mission to richer issues and more glorious con- summations. (Applause). The v..)te of thanks was carried with accltinmation.

lkir.Councillor Baouou ackaowledged the vote of thanks on behalf of the choir. He referred to the fact that the united choir had volunteered to sing at the approaching misiion services,and proceeded to weak of the s.Nrvices of the organists,and nf 61r. Levi Richardson, who bad sung I solos. Alluding to the results of the mission be expressed the opinion that thoie who had bem converted during the mission would stand and be a source of strength to the churches.

Councillor JAMES Evan also spoke some words of encouragement to those who had been gathered in dur- ing the mission. He expressed the hope that the evan- gelistic work would be continued. It would be successful if they threw into the earns en'husiaim and earnestness (fleet, hear.) The Rev JOHN GOULD, in the course of an earnest address, thanked all for the kindness which bad been shown to him, and said he wis quite assured of the success of the mission at the meeting of workers on the first Saturday of the mission. The success of the mission had been secured even before he came to Warrington. dould proceeded to explain that owing to illness in his family at home he was at one time in some doubt as to whether be would have been able to come to War- rington for the mission. The missioner afterwards impressed upon the congregation the necessity of co- operating for the furtherance of the work of Gad. To those who bad.reeently decidi for Christ he adv'ssd them to join one of the churches for which they had a preference. The step they had taken would be a life- long blessing to them if they would permit it to be so. By engaging in Christian service they would be best enabled to maintain their position as followers of Christ. Mr Gould proceeded to point out that it was the duty of the churches to reclaim the unregenerated peopll of the town. They ought not to rest content until every Free Church was filled to over fl-wing. He deprecated the idea of ant' members of the Christian Church appro- priating portions of the church to their own exclusive use, and contended that anyone had a right to use any seat which was unoccupied. Why should not the churches, he asked, be as free and open to everyone as the chandeliered hells at the corner of almost every street? In order that the Free Churches might have an abiding sense of responsibility for the salvation of Warrington they must keep close tegether and come into personal contact with ' God. As a farewell hymn," God be with you till we meet again," wan surly, arid the mission cl ssed with prayer by the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Campaign at Runcorn.

. _ The simultaneous Mission, so far as Runcorn was concerned, came to a conclusion on Tuesday evening,and has been productive of much goo I. Oa Sunday the Free Church ministers exchanged pulpits, and a !mania service for men was held in Bethesda Cougregatioaal Church, which was addressed by the Rev A Wells. On Sunday night there was an united " after-meeting" at St Paul's Church. The congregations of all the Free Churches in the town, forming in procession, headed by their respective choirs, marched to that place of worship for the purpose, and took part in a never-to-be-forgotten gathering, in which the;wbule of the ministers of the Free Churches officiated. The music was especially taking, the united choirs singing the verses, and the whole congregation joining in the refrain. The noon-day services, bible-readings, and evening services held throughout the week have also been very encouraging.

BALM now On: Millinery, Mantles. Pura, Dream, Blooms, &0., dm. at half prices. A splendid opportunity. " REAL B&HGAINS."—W. T. WILLIAMS, Sankey- Street, and Legh-street, Warrington.—&dvt.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN BRUNNER ON LAND TAXATION.

On Wednesday evening the Wavertree Liberal Also. ciatioa and the Wavertree Women's Liberal Association held a social evening in the Town Hall, Wavertree. Sir J T Brunner, Bart., M.P., presided, and there was a numerous attendance of ladies and gentlemen, The Chairman, in the course of an introductory address, devoted himself largely to the subject of taxa- tion. There was a considerable number of landowners in this country, though they were only a handful as compared with the total population, upon whom is was very anxious to put a fair—only a fair— amount of taxation. (Applause.) There were ,no people in all the world, those of the United Statile perhaps excepted, who had gained so enormouily by the progress made during the period of the late QtleaeS reign than the landowners of Great Britain. (gear, hear.) A: the earns time there was no set of people who had done less to deserve their share of that pros- perity. (Applause.) He remembered nearly a score of years ago shocking a nuMber of Cneshire people,selocan ha respected, by centering that the mere receiver or rent was the most useless of human beings. (Hear,lhesse, and applause.) High rents were very good for those who received them, but high rents did not increase the prosperity of those who pad them, and in this blessed country three wto- paid the rents, paid the taxes, and those who received the rents almost escipol taxatioa. 01 that point ho he lieved he was at one with every individual on that plat' form, and, he hoped in the Hall, in believing that real estate should pay its fair tArt.. of taxation. (Applause.) There was closeto where they where assembrel a plot off land, which he had known since he was a lad. it that time be believed it would not have fetched £6O to an acre, whereas now he very much doubted if the owner would take £1 600 to £1,700 an acre for it.. What had caused the difference in value bat the thought, aadi industry, and expenditure of the people of Liverpool'. (Hear, hear and applauqe.) Wnere was the justim Of law which decreed tn.*: sa woo kept his lind! out of the market should have all that benefit, out of Cho thought and industry of the people.without contributing anything towards public burdens ? People to whom be spoke about the necessity for reform in this were totaky in accord with him if they did not know that he IMO 11. Radical. (Laughter) Speaking of public service be wanted all English people to honour it, but refrain fro= paying undue deference to mere wealth. The influences of wealth and the power of money were growing in this country in a fashion that boded dreadful ills for time future. Society in London had been debauched hr gambling, especially gambling in gold-mining shares, Ws such an extent that the honesty of their legislattue and public life was in danger.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A SALT UNION OFFICIAL. _ _ _

On Wednesday much sorrow was occasioned by- the death, at the early age of thirty-seven, ef Mr Joseph Whitter Alcock, Oreenbank, North wich.heett. of the stores department of the Salt Union, Wins- ford. Mr Alcock, who hal bsen with the Salt Umiak since its formation,and was previously at the works of the late Mr John Thompson, succumbed to aa, attack of pneumonia, the result of a chill contract- ed at the Queen's memorial service. Deceased Wall. one of the earliest members of the Northwich, Amateur Dramatic Society, an I for many years wse, its secretary. His acting particniarly was it 'letc. comedy, and has delighted thousands in. Mkt. Cheshire. His death is deeply deplored.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

FIXITRES AND SCORES.

1903. Sept. For igvit 1 Barrow home 10 S 8 Swintora ,wiy 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 5 0 22 St Helena 29 Mlllom away 5 0 Oct.

Pt'.

-6-0141 am home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 Oa 27 Warrington home 10 2 Nov.

i Stockport away 5 0 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 5 24 Salford away 10 11 Dec.

Barrow away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Lancaahire.... ..... —Cheshire 0 30 15 Stockport borne 17 2 22 Wigan away 5 0 28 Warriugtoa away 2 0 29 Leigh home 15 0 1901. Jan.

1 - Birkenhead Wanderers home 19 5 lioohdale Hornet, -away 8 12 Millom home 22 19 Leigh away 3 26 Salford home 4 Feb.

3 o 8 0 o

-9-13reughton Rangers away 2 7 16 St. }felons borne 5 0 23 Oldham away 3 11 Mar.

2 Cup tie - •

9 Cu i) tie

23 Cu P tie

30 .Cuil tie

Apt. 5 (Good Fr(day).

6 Widnes

WIDNES FIRSr TEIM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pts For Agat 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow borne 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 s Leigh home 2 3 Oct. 6 Salford away 0 27 13 Runcorn borne 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.LAß.T.OupOjaway 7 20 10 Broughton Rangers borne 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 9 24 Stockport home 5 0 Dec. 1 Warrington away 7 10 15 Swinton borne 2 37 22 Millom away 0 0 29 St. Helens home 8 0 1901. Jan. 5 Oldham borne 2 12 Broughton Rangers away 3 19 Barrow away 0 26 Mlllom home 2 Feb. 9 St. Helena away 5 16 Rochdale Hornets hAate 23 Salford borne 5 Mar. 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn—. ..... 8 Wigan ST, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

away borne

FIXTURHS AND SCORES.

1900. PG. Sept. For. Aigt. 1 Broughton R home a 8 Rochdale R. home 111, 3 15 Warrington away 0 0 22 Runcorn! home 0 1/ 29 Wigan ~. home 16 0 Oct. 6 Stockport home 3 0 13 Oldham away 0 22 27 Minoru ..home 2 4 —.. Nov.

--3.. Wigan(S.W.LAB.T. Cup Comp.)home 7 0 10 Wigan away 8 8 17 Salford home 2 13 24 Warrington home 0 7 Dec. 1 Stockport away 0 5 15 Oldham home 5 15 22 Broughton R away 0 20 24 Warrington (S.W.L.&B,T. 0,0.) away 5 6 26 Leigh away 0 12 29 Widnes away 0 8 19)1. Jan.

"I" Huddersfield home 11 3 5 Barrow away 5 14 12 Leigh home 0 5 19 Swinton home 6 3

26 iocbclale H. away 0 Feb. _

.—. 9 Widnes ... home 7 5 16 Runcorn away 0 5 23 Hinom away 2 5 Met. 16. Swinton away

, Ap-iil 16 Barrow home

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSRT-STRRET, WARRINGTON. PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. SHRMON. LECTURE, SAUL and other POSTING BILLS may be bad In a few boars. Magazines, Periodicals, and Music Bound in various style* of Binding. LEDGERS. JOURNALS. CASHBOOKS, AND ALL COMMERCIAL BOOKS RULED AND BOUND TO ORDER. Orders by Post promptly attended to. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, WARRINGTON,

tk;

•

===== 0002601_19010301_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_19010301_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 20TH CENTURY.

Do you know that it has often been said that great events happen at the end and at the beginning of a Century ? No doubt we shall have the usual prophets forecasting the probabilities of all sorts of startling occurrences to mark the conamencement of the 20th Century, but there is no one bold enough to predict that there will be less of pain and suffering, less of human misery and disease in the World. The lot of human kind is to suffer, and the greatest benefactor is he who does something to mitigate pain and affliction. "Never prophesy till you know "is a wise saying, and we adept this maxim when we say that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is destined to occupy a greatly extended sphere of usefulness in the new Century. It has been proved by thousands of sufferers to be the one safe and certain remedy for all Nervous Disorders, Low Spirits, Depres Mon, Liver Complaints, Indigestion, and Genera Weakness.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FEDERATION.

The welding of different communities for the common good is a grand idea, that is now seen in progress at the antipodes. This is the kind of development in civilisation that makes Great Britain, hand-in-hand with Greater Britain, shine out as a jewel among the Nations of the World. Just as we witness in the world of Science, amid the humanising agencies for the amelioration of sickness and suffering. Note the comprehensive federation of Nature's helps and aids in Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters Here we have Sarsaparilla, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, Dandelion, Saffron, and Quinine all brought together, and each for those particular proper ties wanted to make perfect the requirements for remedying human suffering arising from L'ver Disorders , Stomach Troubles, Indigestion, Weak Nerves, Poor Blood, and Bodily Weakness from all causes. Gwilvira Evans' Quinine Bitters is wanted 107 you—Fathors. Mothers, and Child. ten : for there is no condition of life where a tonic is not required at some time, and this is Nature's own tonic, which meets all the demands of the human system. after attacks of Fever and Influenza, It re- coups the constitution with vital enPrEt7. See that the name " Gwilym Evans " is on the label, stamp, and bottle, then you are sure there is no mistake,. At all Chemists and Stores, in bottles 24 9d and 43 63. A case of thr ,(3 4s 61 bottles for 12s 63, or will be sent carriage free by the Solo Proprietors—The Quinine Bitters Manu- facturing Company, limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

ASSAULT IN 14 WARRINGTON PUBLIC HOUSE—SMART FINE INFLICTED. A young man named Fred Cortese, a wiredrawer re- siding la Clegg-street, was charged on a warrant at the Wisrriueton Police Court on Tuesday, with assaulting Thomas Finch on Saturday afternoon--Mr. Browne ap- peared on behalf of the complainant and the defendant was represented by Mr. Evans.—ln stating the facts of the case Mr Browne remarked that the defendant was a respectable young man and he (Mr. Browne) was sorry to have to appear against him. Complainant was c'm- -pe led to tak • proceedings against the man for a very serious assault which he committed upon him on Saturday afternoon. It apneared that at 3 30, the com- plainant,who bad been a week end waiter at the" Wheat Sheaf" lan for twenty five years was in the public howls when th 3 defendant came in undEr the influence of drink. He asked Mies Hughes, the landlord's daughttr for a pint of beer and she refused to serve him. Com- plainant NM &Omit to ej3ct the man when he shuck him a violent blow on the head with a can. He had to go to the Infirmary and had four stitchea put in his head and he w.s still suffering from the effects of the blow. ! Dafendant also struck another man named Thomas Law- ton across th 3 wrist, with his can.—For the defence Mr! Evans said this was the prisoner's first off snce and he ! asked tha magistrates to deal leniently with him—The Bench imp,sed a fine of 40a and costs with an advocates' fee (amounting to £3 14 6d in all). A CALLOUS Ferragn WELL PUNISHED. At the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tues lay, before ssrs W Long (in the chair), fi Nield and J Malin &Jel- in n, Thomas Bushel, a blacksmith, of Lower Stretton, was charged with cruelly neglecting his four children, Nellie (twelve). Randolph (ten), Lancelot (eight), and Redvers (one year and five months), on the 22nd Febru- ary and other dates during the last six months. Mr A B^OWOO prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. sad said the cause of this trouble was mainly drink Tile de- fendant was a blacksmith who could earn £1 a week. The wife was a very respectable woman and the house, clothing, and children were kept very clan. The little children must have suffered severely had it not been for the kindness of the neighbours and the Vicar of Stretton ! Mrs Bushel said her husband bad earned £1 a week dur- ing the last six months. He had given her about 2s and 2s 6d a week. She had not sufficient means to k.ep the children, though sometimes she got a little work to do. ! Inspector Hackett called on F, iday, when they had no food. She bad given the children turnips previously. The neighbours and the Vicar of Stretton had been very kind to her. He had tried to do all he could for her husband, who frequently came home drunk. He (the husband) on one occasion smacked the little baby, and she bound her eldest daughter in the road with it. The neighbours said they would not help her any more if she did not prosecute him.—Evidence was also given by the Vicar of Stretton, the Hon Rev C F Cross.—lnspector Hackett said he visited the house, and found the house, ciothes, beds, and childrea clean, but the children were poorly clad. Al the neighbours had provided food and Clothing for them for the last three years. The children were fairly w-11 nourished owing to the kindness of eeighbours. For twe days, however, they had nothing to eat but boiled turnips and salt, which they had begged.—Prisoner had nothing to say.—The Chairman said the Ber.ch considered that this v71,4a very had case. Prisoner was not worthy of the name of a man. He would be sentenced to three calendar months' imprison- ' ment with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES. Warrington Borough Court.

FRIDIY.—Bebre the Mayor (in the chair). Councillor J Roberta, 'Weser. Hepherd and Thornton.

THEFT MAI BEwSKY FoltOr.—John Richardson, 14. Turner-street, was charged with stealing two lbs. of brass scrap. value is 6d, the property of the Pearson and Knowles float and Iron Company, from the fitting shop at Bewsey -ll'orge. at 6.30 the previous evening. The Chief Constable said that inconsequence of recent robiseries from the forge. Sergeant Law rence,the police. officer employed by the firra,set a watch on tte place and saw the prisoner leaving the works at 630 on the previous evening. Ntr icing he had something bulky under his coat, the sergeant stopped him and asked wnat he had there. Prisoner replied that he had nothing, The officer took him back to the lodge and searched him and found a quantity of brass scrap in his possession. He ad- mitted having stolen it from Bewsey Forge. Subsequently prisoner's house was searched and a number of tools, bearing the stamp of the ounpany, and of which prisoner could give no reasonable account were found—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed. DRUNK IN CHARGE.—Patriek Connor was fined lOs and costs for having 1,-,en drunk In charge of a horse and cart In gout. ford-road at 7.40 the previous night.—P.C. Hardy proved the ease.

WIFE ASIAIILT.—Martin Hart, 14, Friars-Green, was sum- !none for assaulting Mary Hart, his wife, on the 18th inst. Corn Conant stated that her husband, after making use of 14 filthy anguage. struck her in the face several times. De- fendant who did not appear was committed to goal for a month with hard labour. NORMAL—Before Mr. Birchalt (in the chair), Alderman Heaton. Messrs Wright and Thornton. DRITNX IN, CHARGE.—Joseph Porter. Great Badworth, was summoned for having been drunk in charge of a horse and cart In Wilderspoot-road on the 18th Inst. -P.S, Bell stated that seeing the defendant was drunk in charge of a vehicle, he callei to him to stop. Defendant refused and d ove the horse into a handcart laden with bricks, knocking the cart over and slightly injuring the man in charge of it.— A fine of 10s and costs was imposed. RECKLE.,S DRIVING.--Jesse Noroott, of Crowley. was chared with furiously driving a pony and trap In Wilders- poo•-road on the 18th inst —P.S. Smith said he was standing at the end of Knutsford-road, when he saw the defendant driving a pony and trap from the direction of Bridge-street at the rate of 12 mil.ar an hour. The gates at Wilderspool Cross- ing were closed and the poay ran Into them. Witness cau- tioned the defendant and toli.l him he would be reported if he continued at that speed. Directly the gates were opened he drove off at the same rate. There were two men In the , trap and both of them were under the influence of drink. I Defendant, however, was quite capable of taking charge of 1 the horse.—P.C.'s Chrimes and Plumb and Joseph Healey, a 'bus inspector, corrobarated.—Defendant pleated not guilty. and stated that the pony was not capable of going at the rate named by the Sergeant. A fine of 5s and costs (£1 3s In all) was inflicted. A DINGVERM/9 PRACTICE —A boy named Samuel Smith, living at 650, Knutsford-road, was summoned for throwing stones in Knutsforil-road on the 13th inst.—Henry Fox. a 'bus conductor on the Latchford route, said that on the date In question, he was proceeding along Knutsfwd-read on a 'bus. When opposite the Golden Lion Hotel, defendant com- menced to throw stones at him. One of the missiles struck him on the slain. Prisoner had thrown stones at him on pre- vious ocs'aslons,because be refused to let him ride on the step of the 'ou.—Defendant was fined ss,

WPD;raSDAY—Before Mr Birehall (in the chair), Alderman Heaton and Monks and Mr J Geddes. A MILITARY AICENTEE.—Frank Taylor was charged with beim; an abeen,ee from the depot of the South Lancashire Regiment, at Orford Barracks • since the 14th of February— P. 13. Lewis said he saw the prisoner in Glazebrook-street and

askcci him to produce his pass.He thereupon admitted that he had not got one and said he had been absent from the depot since the date mentioned.—Prisoner was handed over to a

military escort and the zonstable was recommended for the usual reward,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E P PS'S

QN,A7EFUL-COMFORTING. * • c;• •

BREAK FAST-UPPEIFT.

Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY —Bef ore Sir Richi.rd Brooke. Bart., and Messrs.

Henry Beynolds and B, 'raison. AN INCORRIGIBLE.—john Rawton, 12 year old son of Oliver ttawton, Parker-street, Runcorn, was committed to the care of Macclesfield Industrial School until the age of 16 years. The father who appeared, admitted that the boy was beyond his control, and although he had been served with a School Attendance Order as late as Augast last ; the boy had run away from home, and so rendered it Impossible for him to carry it out. The boy had now been run to earth at Nottingham Workhouse and it was asked that the order should transfer him direct from that institution to the49chool. —James O'Niel, Water-street; Arthur Hampson. Princess- street; John Harding, surrey-street; and William Baton, Gilbert-street were respectively fined 6d and 4s 61 costs for neglecting their children's education. A WEEK'S PERMIT —Baker Pugh, was granted permission to sell at the Brunswick Vaults beerhouse, lately occupied by George Sleeman,up to Monday neat, the proper transfer day. DRUNKENNESS—For being drunk in charge of his horse and dray, J Sankey, in the employ of Messrs Greenall and Whit- ley. Warrington, was fined lOs and 8s 6d. costs. George Woodfiue, Princess-street, apprehended under warrant granted 13th August last, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly, but denied disobedience of sumna,ns. The Bench. ho. Never imposed a fine of ke and 14s costs or 7 days, . . . . . .

A PALTRY CASE.—George Holbrook, caplnin of 'the boat " Adele " and "Amanda." and Henry Payne, labourer, West Row. Weston Point. were charged respectively the one with stealing about 3 owl: of slack and the other with receiving the same knowing It to be stolen, whilst it was the property of Vegas Simpson Davies and Co., coal and salt merchants, Runcorn —lt appeared that George Ridge, foreman shipper to the Company, saw the men Holbrook and Payne take a sack-full of slack from the boat, which were tired up at Weston Point, to Payne's house on the Zlst of February. This both defendants admitted to be correct, but Holbrook stated he received a shipping note for 60 tons, and discharged 63 tons. 15 cwt. at his place of delivery, after which the dischargers told him he could have the rest. This amounted to a sackful or so of slack when he had swept all up ; and, being a new hand he though he was entitled to the • sweepings."—Constable Rowlands of Weston Point also stated that on going to Payne's house he recovered the slack and was told that Payne's wife had given the man a sdlloaf for the slack as he was hard up.—The Bench dismissed tte case saying they considered there WBS a doubt about Hol- brook having been served with notice to the effect that he was not entitled to the "sweepings." It would appear as if the Company had served their old hands with notice, but not their new hands.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
...... ...ei15......1= Ns

BURGLAR-PROOF_ AND FIRE-PROOF

GLASS. Interesting Experiment at St. Helens.

At Me=srs Pi—lkington's Glassworks, St. Helens, on Tuesday in the presence of a number of well-known engineers and representatives of fire insurance com- panies, a most interesting demonstration was given of the qualities of the patent wire glass which the firm have been making for two or three years. Messrs Pilkine- ton ate the only makers of this description of glass, which is largely used for skylights and other places where there is a danger of is tailing on to passers-by or people using premises which are lighted in this manner. the glass is made by a special process, in which wire netting is rolled in the centre of the plate. This makes the glass burglar-proof, but the firm de- sired to demonstrate its utility chiefly in the direction of preventing the spread of fire, and also in enabling an outbreak of fire to be very easily discovered. Glass win- dows are always Letter in this respect than iron shut- ters, but the glass windows have always carried the dis- advantage of being easily broken. A special building had been erected in the works, fitted with windows of wire glass, and one window fitted with ordinary thiek olateglass. By means of gas jets the inside was heated 2,500 degrees Fain. The plateglass window quickly broke, but the wire glass, although almost melted by the excessive heat, splintered by the jets of water which were played on to it, remained in position, and after these most severe tests the windows were practically in- tact. The demonstration was carried out under the supervision of Mr Lee Pilkington, and was exeeedingly successful. The glass windows were set in wrought. iron frames, which have been found to be most suitable and least affected by the extreme heat.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING CURE.

HOW IT IS MADE. HOW IT CURES. AND WHY IT IS THE BEST. LUNG AND CHEST DISEASES EXPLAINED. Coughs may be duejto any of the following causes : let Enlarged tonsils. 2nd Influenza. 3rd Enlarged uvula. 4,h Intlammed throat. sth Bronchitis and asthma. 6th Inflammation of the lungs. 7th Pneumonia. 8.. h Consumption. 9th Pleurisy. 10th St mach disorders. llth Croup. A cough may be dry and hard, or loose with much expectoration . It may be catarrhal with a dry tickling in the throat accompanied by partial stoppage of the nostrils and shortness of breath. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is prepared with the ob- ject of removing the cause of the Couzlo, not smothering it, s übduing it, or easing it, but curing the diseased con- ditions which pr Anne it. It is admittedly a scientific remedy end orsed and used by doctors; this fact alone should convince. It is far superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. No doctor will re- commend the common syrupy mixtures so often sold at a cheap price and which are of no practical value except to ease the Cough for te claw being. ',recta' Lightning Cough Cure not only radically cures the moss s übborn coughs but strenothens the lungs and givet perfect ease in breathing. It is also a specific for thc' cure of Influenza. It is prepared in one of the most modern laboratories in the world, on scientific principles and from ingredients ,which are not generally known to the Meitcal Profession. Ask for Veno's Lightsing Cough Cure. Price l It 1 and 2s 91. Sold by Boots, Ltd., Warrington ; Peaks, Earlestown and Newton; Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Wallbridge, chcmiit,St Helens, and all chemists.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Lines Ambulance Work.

Keen interest was again manifested in the annual ambulance competition in conne6tion with the Cheshire Lines Railway. As in previous years, the event took place in a waiting-room at the Central Station, Liverpool, on Friday. Nine squads from Liverpool. Manchester. and Warrington,entered. Dr F de B Pim, of Barrowford, was the judge, and the testa through which each team went were smartly performed,and afforded a fine exhibition of the skill railway servants have acquired in the important art of aiding the injured. At the close Mr David Meld- rum (manager Cheshire Lines) distributed the prizes to the winners. Among the company present were ' Messrs J 0 Ellison, St, John Ambulance Associa- tion; George Mason, Glegge Thomas, S Bening (station master), Cantata Waring (Latchford), Dr Battle ( Warrington Infirmary), JMedley, J Bushell, T Pratt (engineers' department), Alfred Manners (Huskisson), R Powell (Brunswick), W Chawner (Midland Railway), Langley Thompson, 11 T Heath- cote (Birkenhead), A Hay, J Buckley, R Heaton (Warrington), P Bamford, J Leather, E P Connolly, W Carson, A E Edwards, &c.—Mr Meldrum , announced the winning teams as follows :—Glaze- , brook and Cadishead Station, first: Warrington Central Station, second ; Warrington Engineers, third. The first prize consists of an elaborate and costly silver cup, which the winners hold till other rivals wrest it from them. Each squad consisted of five men, and besides the cup each man in the win- ning squad received a handsome travelling bag. The two other squads also carried off a silver cup each. Each of those who in the test won the second prize further received a case of carvers, and the members of the third ,corps each got an umbrella. —The Chairman called attention to the fact that men belonging to their ambulance corps had volunteered to go to the I front. Several were accepted by the War Office. Some were still in South Africa and three War- rington men—Williams, Hughes, and Holloway— who had been in the Transvaal, had returned and were present in the room. (Applause). Mr Mel- drum said that Mrs Meldrum had deeply regretted her inability to be present to give out the prizes. He then alluded to the services of Mr E 0 Lloyd, as hon. secretary to the ambulance classes. (Applause). Mr Lloyd had put his heart and soul into the under- taking, and it was due to him that such excellent arrangements were always made at the cm:T-0- tlOll3. (,Applause).—Acordiil vote of thanks was conveyed to Mr Lloyd, who suitably resnomied, and a .similar compliment was paid to Mr Meldrum his services in the chair.—rhe winning team will represent—:according to the custom each year—the Cheshire Lines in the National Railway Competi- tion at the Crystal Palace.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Ki3Mp'e Mr- cantiU Gaz.the," the number of New Bankruptcy Pro- ceedings in England and WalPs garotted during the week February' 23rd, was 93. The number in the cor- ending responding week of last year was 89, shc,wing an in- crease of 9, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 23.

To IdoTnEns.—Mrs. Winslow' Soothing Syrup has been eed for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their dren while teething. with perfect success. It will relieve toorsufferer inssnediabdy It is pleasant to taste ; and . Nees natural oniet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain the title cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all . ;mists Is 10 per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 1. 1901

RUGBY t-UOTBALL

THE appearance of that uniquA little " Dairy and Corn pamion " issued by GllO. G. BITSSHIC 34 CO. for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dealers, Booksellers, or Railway Bookstalls for 63.), r emiuds us of the corning season in anticipation of which Geo. G. Hussey & Co. have prepared a " reo,rl " stook of 80. . We are told that the timber they hold for Bat rnakin alone exceeds 1,000 tone. Glorious Cricket follows the "British Flag everywhere." (A.Ovt o 1).

===== 0002601_19010301_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIFiE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington v. Stockport.

The " coup de grace "administered by Warrington to Stockport in their return engagement on Saturday placed the Cheshire men in the uoenviable posi- tion of being the most probable candidates for the wooden spoon. By the defeat the " Wire- pullers " also avenged the result of the first meeting when, it will be remembered, the " Joy- ful News " brigade so unexpectedly defeated the ' West Lancashire club. Playing with a stiff breeze, the Warringtouians were the first aggressors, but so strong did the visitors' vanguard retaliate that the efforts of Bate, Isherwood, and Harris were chequered. Strong forward play by Oram was instrumental in forcing play at half-way, and Robinson, ever alert, took advantage of some slow exchanges by the home backs and caused many anxious ailments to the home sup- pn-ters. Hallam cleaed splendidly. and then exchange kicking went in favour 4 f Isherwood and Harris, the forwards supplementing their effrirts by forcing Simister to adopt a stric-ly d ifenstve attitude. A. rare opening made by Duckworth saw Harris utilise his great strength wathout result, and for his pains the Warrirgtonian was da:naged. However, the attack was maintained, and after Bate had slipped when scor- ing was within his grasp, the ball was whipped out by Duckworth to Bate, who promptly handed over to Isherwood, and the latter serving Fish, that slippery mortal worked himself into position and dropped a fine goal. For a time the Warringtonians appeared to rest on their laurels, and Stockport, taking advantage of the state of lethargy, made matters rather warm for Hallam and Co., but failed in their laudable efforts to sore. At the interval Warrington were leading by two goals and a try (seven points) to nil. Morrison having adored a try, and Fish kicked a goal. Resuming, the Warringtonians made the pace a cracker, and Isherwood placed the ball so judiciously that Fish defeated Simister for possession, and it was a case of hare and bounds, with big odds on-the former. Fish's try was a beauty, and his judgment in fielding the ball Was splendid. Stockport were by no mems daunted at this last success of the Warringtonians, and their tackling of the aggressive locals was charac tensed by robustness and accuracy, which stood out as conspicuous features, in their play. Hocken- hall, the right mere of the home team, was so badly hurt in one tackle that he was carried off the field, taking no further part in the match Eventually the Cheshire boys bad a look in, and Worsley, takiag up an opening, paved the way for Robinson to score SGock- port's solitary point. Near the close the game got very warm,and from a vigorous charge Morrison was ordereo off, much to that player's diicomforture. The end arrived with the visitors soundly trounced by two goals two tries (ten pcints) to one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19010301_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Defeated at Oldham.

It was with rather a feeling of misgiving that Oldham entertained Runcorn on Saturday at Watersheddings, the Cheshire fifteen being recognised as an awkward lot to contend with. Up to the meeting on Saturday the Mersey eiders had the better of the exchanges this season, the match at Runcorn, when the Oldham team went down by three goals to one, creating a feeling of uncertainty as to the issue on Saturday. It was also largely due to this factor, no doubt, that a crowd of something like 12,000 people churned up the sludge Watersheddings way to see the exhibition. Hezzsy and T D Davies were absent from the Oldham third line, and in their stead Civil and Fletcher manipulated the leather. Moffatt was Oldham's absentee forward, and Ellis took his place. Strange to say the Runcorn third line was not intact, Inglesfield making his debut vice Butterworth, and B Jones actiag wing three-quarter in lieu of D Jones. The ground was rather heavy ; des- pite the appearance of consistency on the surface it was ploughed to a considerable depth* From its covering of straw the surface of the ground had a tinge of chaff, and in that respect was the entire opposite of the game about which there was no chaff whatever. It was fought out in real earnest, and Runcorn must admit that they were defeatel at thPir own game. Their remarkable following up b iffies the coolest defence, and when it suits their book to pin the play to a particular quarter—near their oppon- ents' goal line for preference their modus operandi is difficult to combat. Of this Oldham haled recently had a sample and retnem wring their Broughton Rangers experience, they did not leave the game entirely to the handling eystem. They footed it merrily,and settled on the leather excellently, so well, in fact, as to have the better of the first half. The game was much on the Oldham left, and determined attack meeting stubborn defence,loelesfield and Houghton were kept exceedingly busy. Williams had been dulled down near the Runcorn quarter line, but danger had not been averred, for the same player, receiving a capital pass originating from near the scrucnna age, romped over at the corner. No goal was kicked. The next try, while play was in the earlier half, went to Civil's credit, the ex - Northamptonian striding vigorously in the direction of the goal-line and, getting near, and falling, he planted the ball across the Rahicon amid cheers. Ferguson kicked a capital anal, which the 101dhainers hailed with delight as putting the issue beyond doubt. In a scramble near midfield, Messenger mistook the back of Arthur Lees's head for a punching ball, and Frater having some misunderstanding, the referee exerted his authority, and it b 'came a case of exeunt Fester and Messenger. The packs were thus reduced to seven aside. It was patent to the on- lookers that there was a good deal of feeling introduced. Thus the game progressed spiritedly. The nearest approach to scoring that Runcorn had was when Ingle's. field, after a haphazard rush, hal picked up and crossed the line. Just at the psychological moment he lost the ball, which Civil promptly fell upon. The game at the interval was eight points in Oldham's favour.. . .

The second Calf was hotly fought. Runcorn's admitted I capacity to stay being again proved. Either they were weak on the line, or the Oldham defence was in a par- ticularly invulnerable mood, but scoring did not take place. The second half was about twelve minutes advanCed when Inglesfield scored rather easily, the Old- ham three-quarters scarcely seeming to know who had the ball. Jolley kicked badly, and play settled down near the centre. On the right wing Oldham 'did some , attacking, but not of a character calculated to score, and Elou ?hton, for roughly attending . Fletcher, was loudly hooted from the stand. Another incident was the seizure of a Runcorn forward by a touch-judge, and the referee apps tred in the double capacity of judge and adviser. Fletcher'a try in the second half, IfOCTI which, however, no goal was kicked, put the Issue well beyond the realms of doubt and with pure defence on Oldham's part play came to an end with Runcorn in the rearward position. Last year Runcorn took four points out of Oldham, and out of five consecutive matches with Runcorn this is the first match in which Oldham have proved victorious. The Oldham forward exhibition gave satisfaction, and at half-back, while Lawton played a good game, Arthur Lees was particu- larly clever, especially in defending when Runcorn hovered too near the line. Thomas and Houghton both played capitally at full-back, the Runcorn man scarcely being so strong on the defence as we have seen him on previous occasions. Civil pleased the Oldham folks,and his try was the result of a rattling run. Jolley at half- back played a fine game round the "serum," but such was the close work of the Oldham vanguard that Jolley's quest for the ball just behind his comrades' pedal er- re males was often in vain.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and District Milk Dealers' Association.

In connection with the above association a sup- per was held the other evening at the Wimmarleigh Cate Over 50 members accepted the invitation of the President (Mr Jacob Sankey), and the proceed- ings passed off very satisfactorily. After supper the President proposed "Success to the Association," and referred at length to important matters con- nected with the trade, and the progress that had been made in the work of the association since it had been formed.—Mr Benjamin Grimshaw proposed "The health of Mr and Mrs Sankey: and his remarks were supplemented by Mr G Mather (Fearnbead), both referring in high terms to their career and success in life. The toast was drunk with musical honours. The health of tke Vice- President (Mr Robinson), the Treasurer (Mr War- burton), and the Secretary (Mr Ford) were also submitted and duly responded to, A musical enter- tainment was given by Mr J M Greenhalgh, in which the Misses Tunstall, Sutton, and Jones, and Mr GrJunds (humorist) took part with their usual ability. The singing of the National Anthem brought a very enjoyable evening to a close.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE;

Position of clubs up to February 23rd, 1901 :- IsT DIVISION. Goals.

Club.

_ P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts Trinity Athletic 7 ... 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 9 ... 6 ..,10 St. Helens L. & N.-W Rees 8 ... 3 ... 2 ... 3 ... 10 ... 5 ... 9 Goiborne Reel Orford Barracks S. Mary's Penketh 2/4/3 DIMON. _

Club. Goals. P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts Warrington Athletic l6 —l6 ... 4 2 ... 44 —2O ...22 Latchford Stockton Heath lB ...10 ... 6 2 ... 40 ...30 ...22 Trinity Athletic Reserve 13 ... 10... 2 ... 1 ... 24 ...11 ...21 St. Austin's l7 .. 9 .. 6 . 2 . 36 ...28 Britannia Combination St. Hary's Reserve Bewsey All Saints Walton Frodaham Pariah Church 14 ... 2 ...12 0 ... 19 ...36 ... 4 Warrington Hornets

===== 0002601_19010301_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF PERSONS. testify that Holdroyde Gravel Pills are a positive (sure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains In the Back. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism. trry one box ; if not satisfied, money returned. Is lid all Chemists. Post free 2 stamps.—HOLDROYDS MEDICAL HALL, CLEC KHuiAON YORKS.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
"ACTED LIKE MAGIC," -- Says Mr. Geo. Scott, who was Cured of

Severe Pain in the Back by One Box of Dodd's Kidney Pills.

Wearying, ceaseless backache. Dull, exhausting, anti constaot pain. No comfort by day. No rest at nient. Aches in the small of the back, pain low down in the side. No spirit for any task, no hope for relief. Great numbers of people are not tree from backache from one year's end to another. Dodd's Kidney Pills is the only medicine that never fails to cure backache.

Writing from Lane S de, Curnberworth, near Rudder:- fiell, on September 29:.h, 1900, Mr. Scott stye : " Dear Sirs,—ln November last I was scarcely abls to work, owing to such a terrible pain in nay back. Hearing of Dodd's Kidney Pills, I got a box, they acts d like magic. [took only one box, and have been quite a different man eince. I assure you, should the com- plaint attack me again, I will take no other medicine. My trade no douot has is tendency to bring on such ail- ments as Kidney Disease and b:ickache, owing to being exposed to all kinds of weather,and in addition to which being such lab irious work, " I have not failed to recommend D3dd'a Kidney Pills to my many friends,—l remain, Yours faithfully, GEOI3GIE SCOTT." Dodds Kidney Pills are sold by all Chemists 23. 9d per box, or six boxes for 13.. 91. ; or sent post free on receipt of ori3e by The D idds Medicine C0.,23, Farring- don Avenue London. E.C. Remonber, D-o-d-d-s are the genuine.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The above authnity held its fortnightly meeting at the Workhouse. Dutton, on Tuesday, when there were pr( sent :—Mr J • Knowles (chairman), Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs S WoOdward, J Stokes, J Moseley Williams, CE Linaker, J B Chadwick, T Wright, J Mclntyre, P Gleave, E H Wallington, W Fletcher, E Clarke, T Darlington, W Piliine. II Mawdsley, J Mom:- field, J Bolshaw, T Antwiss, J Eiwards. S Horton, with Mr W E Hough (deputy eltrk), Messrs J Swinton and W Diggle (surveyors), Mr James Farrington (inspector), and Dr J Adams (medical offiCer).

LONDON AND NORTII•WBSTERN RAILWAY AND THE MOOED

' "Irtnitmrs. Mr Smethurst, of the District Estate Office, of the London and North-Western Railway, Lime-streot, wrote seating tnat he had referred the qurstion in th 3 clerk'a letter of the 13th inst, regarding toe footpaths at Moore, to headquarters, and was expecting h., hear from him daily, 'rho matter was deferred pending the receipt of further correspondence.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ANALYSIS OF WATERS.

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk to the County Council, wrote as follows i—The County Medical Officer of flealta suggested to the Public Health Committee of this Council at its last meeting that your Rural District Council should be aßked to replace 5 local supplies, sampled as Nos. 514, 518, 519, 520, and 523 in the report of the County Anilyst for the year ending 30. h September last, by town'swater. I shall be glad if you will bring this suggestion under the notice of your District Council in due course, and intimate to me for the information of my committae, the action if any they take thereon. Mr. Farrington reported that three of the samples had already been replaced by town's water, they would have to wait a little while before the other two would be replaced, but it was only a matter of time. The state of things Wt.B very satisfactory. A COMPLAINT FROM EMMY.

Mr. James Inlay, Helsby, wrote drawing attention to a—large quantity of water which lay in front of his house, and which in wet weather fllocied the interior of the premises. He asked for the evil to be remedied. Mr. Diggle said he knew that the water lodged as complained of, and he had pointed out to Mr. Yowl that the cutting of a trench would carry the water off and prevent it running on to his land, and that h 9 could help himself if he wisbed• lie had seen Mr. Youd and it appeared that he desired the building of a small wall, and if be found it was desi rabic to meet Mr. Youd in this matter he would estimate for it in the next year's estimate. Admiral Jones Parry thought it was a very undesir- able thing that a pool of water should be allowed to stand betore a man's house for generation after genera- tion. Mr. Diggle further pointed out that it would but take five minutes to cut the necessary channel which would abate the nuisance. It was decided that Mr.Diggle put one of the roadmen to do the work, and it was agreed that the Highway Sub-Committee should inspect the place and report when next they made their annual round. FINANot REPORT.

This W 719 submitted by Mr 1 Wright. The ba!ance last meeting was £1,834 ICs 7d ; receipts, £627 25 ; choques required, £284 103 ; leaving a balanc3 at £2,177 23 7d. Mr J B Chadwick seconded, and the report was carried. soaynwicir TO WARRINGTON LIGHT RAILWAY, Mr Mclntyre reported that the Parliamentary Corn. mittee had postponed the further consideration of the above scheme, pending the receipt of an amended scheme from the promoters.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
IT CLEARS PHLEGM FROM THE

T HROAT.

To those who suffer from this distressing and often painful malady, there's nothing which will give ease and release more readily than Lavan's Lung Linctus. For anything which affects the bronchial organs, there IS nothing more efficacious than this c, ell-known remedy —it is good and safe to take, and quick to effect its purpose, It releases the phlegm, heals the rawness in the 'air passages, stimulates and re-invigorates the system, and puts every part of the body into sound worklng order. The world does not possess a safer or a surer remedy than Lavan's Lung Linctus. Many people s.vear it is the finest in the world. Lavan's Lung Linctus may be had of all chemists, drug, and Cc-opera- tive stores, and post free, safely packed, in is. lid., 21, 9d.. and 4s. 61. bottles, from the proprietors, Green and Co., Cir 2 mists, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. F. J. Carlisle.

_ Our readers will hear with regret of the death of Mr Frederick Jo hn Carlisle, of Arpley-street, which occurred at his business premises at five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Carlisle had only been seriously ill since sunday, and had been attended by Drs. Joseph and Fox. On Tuesday morning he seemed much better, but gradually became worse and died at the time stated. Mr Carlisle was very well known throughout the town as a butcher and beerhouse keeper at Market-street, where he had been in business many years. lie was a very large property owner and ratepayer, and had a large circle of friends. The deceased leaves a widow and family of children, Mr Carlisle was identified with the Conservative party. Local Oddfellows. The monthly meeting of the Loyal Garibaldi Lodge, N. 1.0., Oddfellows was held at the Blue Lion Motel, Warrington, on Saturday. In the ab- sence of the Noble Grand (Bro Emson), P.G. Joseph W Perry took the chair and Bro John AlOdS, the vice-chair. On the proposition of P.F.G.M. J J Hands a hearty vote of welcome was accorded to Bro Herbert W Lea (volunteer) on his return from South Africa Bro Lea returned thanks, remarking how pleased he was that the lodge had kept him in benefit during his absence. After the usual business bad been disposed of, Bro Perry called upon the Grand Master of the district (Bro Edwin B Pester). to present Bro Blackshaw (retiring lodge Grand Master) with a beautifully framed past grand's cer- tificate of the order for services rendered as an official. In making the presentation Bro Pester said he was pleased to perform such an honourable duty to an able brother who had given every satisfaction to the lodge by his courtesy and interest in every- thing he had undertaken. He trusted he would still interest himself in Oddfellowship. Bro Black- shaw in returning thanks said he hod tried to do his duty and was pleased that his services were appreciated.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

[By " Oval Ist.")

It is some satisfaction to know that Warrington are really superior to Stockport, the present wooden•spoon- ists of the Lancashire League, for recent performances have led one to imagine that tha team was one of the worst in the competition, so far as scoring powers are concerned. Stockport are much worse, however, and during their visit to Wilderspool they suffered defeat by ten points to three, notwithstanding the fact that War- ringtin were a man short for nearly half the game. Thus, the downfall of Warrington atlEdgeley Park early in the reason has been avenged, and Warrington are satisfied for the time being.

With the exception of half-back, where there will probably be some change, Warrington bad their best cup-tie team on duty, and much interest was naturally evinced in the sort of performance the men would give. To be candid, it was not very brilliant, and, perhaps it was not a fair indication of the team's abilities. Stock- portproved rather an awkward lot to shine against, for they were desperately determined to prevent any scor- ing they possibly could, in view of their critical posi- tion in the Lancashire League. Tneir spoiling tactics and good defence succeeded fairly well in effecting this object, and for some time Warrington could not make any appreciable headway. Eventually Fish man ceuvred himself into a nice position and dropped a neat goal— the first, by the way, that he has dropped for Warring- ton. This success whetted the Wanington men's appe- tite for more, and before the interval Morrison scored a grand try as the result of fine forward work, Fish add- ing a second goal. At half-time the lead for the home team was one of seven points.

The play in the second half soon indicated that War- rington were going to hold their own pretty comfort- ably, until an accident befel Rockenhall, whose shoulder was, unfortunately, di4ocated by an opponent falling upon him. As if to prove that Warrington were not greatly weakened ty the loss of Hockenhall,Figh cleverly robbed Orarn, who was waiting for a bouncing ball, and scored a fine try much to the discomfiture of the Clarets. Ten points to nil was now the total, but it was destined to be altered. Stockport had two speedy men on the left wing, and an opportunity coming their way they reduced the home team's lead by a try, W Robinson being the scorer from an opening cleverly made by Worsley. This was tho last event of the day in the scoring line and until the close play was fairly even. Just before the whistle sounded, however, Morrison had the misfortune to collide rather violently with Oram,and that player being laid out, tho referee ordered the War- rington man off the field—a decision which was far from meeting with approval. I don't think Morris3n's rough- ness was intentional and it was rather hard on him to be sent off fora fiest offence.

Reverting to W. Robinson's try, it is rather curious that this player should always score against Warrington hichever side wins. Ever since I have attended the meetings between the two clubs he has crossed the War- rington line invariably, and frequently more than once in a match. I was thinking on Saturday that the rule was going to have an exception, when Woreley made his sensational break away and Robinson scored.

Though they got the points, Warrington were u.ifor- tunate in losing llockenhall and Morrison, both of whom may be debarred from playinq in the cup-ties. It is almost certain that the former's accident will keep him out of the field for the rest of the season, and as he has been playing in excellent form of late. he will be very much missed. Hockenhall was becoming a very reliable player, and in defensive work he always shone. War- rington can ill spare him from the match with Leeds.

Other matches on Saturday resulted as expected, with one notable exception—the defeat of the competition leaders by Broughton Rangers. The latter were not at full strength, but their all-round excellence, and Swinton's rather poor form, turned the tables on the Lions. The latter failed to score a try, the winners scraping home by a try to a goal. This result, coupled with Oldham's fine victory over Runcorn, made the postponed match between Swinton and Oldham on Mon. 'day really momentous. The Lions were desperate, and it stands to their credit that they went to Oldham again and avoided defeat, the great match endicg in a draw of 3 points each. Swinton thus keep their lead, a point dividing the two teams, who have each played the same number of matches.

The League table up to date is as follows For Agst. P. W. L. D. G T. P. a T. P. P. 'Swinton 22...18... 2... 2...24 68-252...10 10— 50...38 Oldham 22-18... 3... 1...26 72-268...13 11— 59...37 Runcorn ..... 23...17... 6... 0...39 76-192...14 22 94...34 Broughton 1t'n024...15... 7... 2...30 42-186...18 16— 84...32 'Salford 22-12-10... 0...29 44-190...27 26-132-24 Leigh 22...11...10... 1...23 27-127...17 29-121...23 Warrington 24...10...11... 3...20 26-118-18 29-173...25 Barrow 21... 9...11... 1...22 29-131...21 30-132...19 Rochdale Hornetl2l... 7...12... 2...19 16—, 86...30 50-210-15 sdillom 20... 7...13... 0...16 14— 74...24 30-138...14 *St. Helens 23... 6...15... 2...14 15— 73...31 42...188...12 Whines 21... 6...15... 0...17 14— 76...24 55-213...12 Stockport 23... 4...16... 3...13 16— 74...29 39-175-111 Wigan 20... 4...13... 3...12 15— 69...28 45-191...11 *Se. Helens have had two points deducted for a I breach of the rules. I

===== 0002601_19010301_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cup Ties.

Excitement has been steadily growing in Warrington during the week, and for the last two days hardly any- thing has been thought of or talked about but the chances of the," primrose and blues " for the match with Leeds at Eleadingley. The tie is an exceptionally interesting oae, from the fact that ;he winnertvill be al home until the semi-final. That victory on Saturday means a fair chance for honours will be readily seen, and it will be a determined struggle I have not tha least doubt.

Leeds lost again on their own ground on Saturday against Huddersfield, who claimed the verdict by 2 tries lip 1 goal. This places the city club fourth from the Bottom of the Yorkshire Competitien ladder, with an aggregate of only 15 points out of 27 matches. War- rington have saven clubs below them and six above them in ths Lancashire League, and have ribtained nearly a point per match,viz., 23 points out of 24 games. The records of the two clubs for the season, compared, are as follows :

Fee. itest. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P P Wsrrington 24-10-11-3-20-26-118-18...29...123-23 Leeds

Warrington's rc ord is much the better of the two,and the figures seem to prove that the Leeds men are weak on the defetice,though fairly proficient in scoring ability. One would imagine from these facts that the visitors would have a fairly easy game, but this is not likely to be the case.

Representatives of the Warrington club who were at Leeds on Saturday give the home club in to-day's tie a good name. They have plenty of dash, and play a fair all-round game, while as regards kicking, they are ad- mittedly much superior to Warrington. If we are to win it must be be close play and combined passing, or, to be more explicit, the Lancashire style versus the Yorkshire style. The two Colemans, late of Leigh. are both playing a good game and form a rather dangerous wing pair, while Harry Varley at half, and Jagger at full back, both give an excellent account of themselves. Forward there is not thought to be much difference between Leeds and Warrington, the latter having if anything, the advantage in weight.

My own opinion is that Warrington will just about win by superior b martness behind. A lot depends on the halves and on Fish. If the passing is at all clean and smart then the left winger should make his pr.( sence felt and that is what we want. Harris, also, may distinguish himself. He has gat a lot of his old dash back.

The Warrington team was selected on Wednesday evening and is as follows :—Hallarn, full back; Fish, Isherwood, 'Dickenson and Harris, three-quarters ; R Bate and Dtickworth, half-backs ; Boardman, Morrison, Eden, Scholtze, Fell, Edmondson, Cunningham, and Swift, forwards.

Two changes are noticeable from the team which did duty last Saturday. Dickenson takes the place of Ilockenhall, and J T Bate is dropped in preference to his brother. The committee have taken the correct course here, for I don't think '• Smack " ever played a worse game in his life than last Saturlay. Ile seemed totally out of condition and dead off form. Duckworth showed all his old smartness, and locked a trifle heaver, if any- thing. " Bob" Bate has been suffering from a Sore knee, but is pronounced fit again, and he is certainly playing better football than his brother. The halves Must be made thoroughly aware of the fact that it is smart passing from th,scrimmage which will be required to-day. There is Security in I A feu 'rope on thu, toothßrunh

every Warning

‘7l) 111 l' t* ; IVEI; A PILLS

===== 0002601_19010301_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
80ZODONT

Will Sweeten thn Breath all day, and make all :he difference be. Absolutely cure Sick Headache, tv.'n— Biliousness. Torpid Liver, lndi- Good Teeth awl Bad Teeth. gestion, ConstipaSon, Dizziness, Whit... Teeth and Yellow Teeth. }urred Tongue. They Touch the Liver. Pretty Teetlf and Ugly Teeth aiut be rare they Are 2..41;Z1.Vg. 71,,b

THE NEW FRENCH RENINCY. TITERAPION This successful and highly . popelar remedy, as em ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Iticord Rostan,Jobert, Wipes% and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for Impurity of the blood, spots, lotches, pains and swell. I Ingo of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, pilPs, gravel, pains in the t sok, rhea. matism, gout, exisausuon,sleeplessness,nervout end physical debility, etc. Tberapion is prepared,in three dir erent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to dlseasas for vit ,oh Intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, W HOLVoRD-SQVARE, LONDON, .0.

FOR THE BLOODS THE LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19010301_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTER'S

°TILE !,Rrnil Pill. Small Dose. Email Price

===== 0002601_19010301_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
No appetite, little nourishment,

(From

photograph.)

It is a pleasure to publish letters showing how children regain their health. Parents who write of their experiences :eyed the practical side of our subject much better than we c,uld possible do our- selves. A letter received from a gentleman in Bris- tol, is about his little boy, four years old, and reads as follows : _ .

Apsley House, Brecknock-road, Knowle, Brist(sl, June 2703, 1900

"Gentlemen,—ln February fast my little boy, about four years old, was taken with a very severe attack of measles, totlowed by congestion of tho lungs, which caused him to cough day and night, having very little or no sleep for about three weeks. His appetite became so bad that he could not take more than half-a-pint of milk in twenty- four hours, and he seemed reduced to a mere skeleton. Seeing your advertisement in a news- paper, and reading of the wonderful results pro- duced by Scott's Emulsion, I determined to tey it. After ten doses the cough stopped, his eyes bec.ime brighter, his complexion cle r,and appetite returned In fact I was astonished at the change in so short a time, and determined to coutioue the treatment. I have bad in all four bottles, which has completely cured him. He is now able to run about and play with other boys, and never seems tired. It gives me pleasure to testify to the unquestioned merit of Scott's Emulsion. " (Signed) H J LEWTON." Children that have no appetite and are weak and

could not sleep, took

very thin.

and was

thin need more than ordinary tonics. It is the same, sctly with those who have chronic coughs and seem always ailing. Specifics and drugs may give a thtitiou i appetite and temporary relief, but they certainly do not bring strength and vitality to the system, as nod-liver oil does. The best thing about Scott's Emulsion from a. popular point of view is that it completely disguises the taste of cod-liver oil, and makes this nutritious substance easy of digestion. From a scientific standpoint we can emphasise the hypophosphites and glycerine, which are blended with the oil in Scott's Emulsion. At any rate, the fact is that Scott's Emulsion not only acts as a specific in throat and lung affections, but it enriches the blood,stimu- lates the appetite, and induces a healthy and ample nutrition in every part of the system. No other remedy or preparation has yet been originated to act so quickly and so perfectly ha giving vitality to the body. Babisa suffering with teething, and all children that do not thrive' will derive benefits from Scott's Enamsion that the mother will scarcely believe possible until she tries this preparation

Y 0,3 can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by Fending threepence to cover postage to Scott ts 13,ame, Limited, ManufaMuring Chemists, 95, Crest SAffroo Hill. London. 8.C., and mentioning the name of this paper. All chemists Sell Scott's Emulsion.

' -45f4r • ,10" `....._'-'4•••••:* • 4s. 1 0 /418/1;',..;•• s- -------- / /7/0 „ /Nii; X ./., . " • , , ARTHUR HENRY LEWTON. a

===== 0002601_19010301_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS ON TESTIMONIALS.

We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood al iatute It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It. Is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its efferts are marv3llous. It Is the only real specific for Gout and Rheuma ;in Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and us, each of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro, prietora. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtations.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
-LINUM CATHARTICUM.PILL.S. FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS. SICABEADACHE • BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • dc. ••

AN AGREEABLE APERIENT.

KAYS TIC PILLS CURE FACEACNE& NEURALGIA.

.> REFUSE SUBST/TUTES. • SOLO BY ALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BR! TIN 6 THE COMM

===== 0002601_19010301_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-a..

===== 0002601_19010301_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAN TIME TABLE

FEBRUARY. FROM WARRINGTOR

Acton Bridge-7:10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 15, 255 5 20. 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altoar and Hillhoas€ —7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a:, 22.a4 0, a 6 1.5, a 7 15 a 9 25. Sundays 931.2 5,8 65. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 83 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15.25, 520,720 1134. Sundays 258. 10 16, 45, 11. 35 (Mondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 958. 11 55, 12 55, 37,5 22 55.11 52. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 420.515 p.m Blackburn -5 45, 835. 955, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50,6 23,8 50. Sundays 843. a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, 12 25, 2 10,3 50, 4 50,, 6 28, 7 17, 8 50,9 aO. Sundays 843. 3 35 6 0. Bolton— 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14. 115. 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 956 11 50. 1225, 210. 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 3 35,9 64. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 31 143 2 15. 2,21 16, 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1, 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 835. 10 10,12 7. 2 35.3 40, 5 15, 5 33,78, 7 40. 925. 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe—al 58,83 23, 7 10. 8 28. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 6 20,7 20, 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.1135. afdoadays excepted. bliondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, •5 7. 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51. 8 48. 9 58, 11 55, 12 55. 3 7, 4 17 22, 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Bariestoan--5 45, 75, 8 5.8 25.8 35, 920259, 13., 5 4,9 2 0310.10,72061055,5 127, 1225 115,2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, 5 955, 10 30 Sundays:, 40 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 60,7 57,9 04 p.a. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25, 945. 11 53,1 Os. 3 ao 515, 6 17. 80, 9 48. Sand tys 9 5. 2 40. 8 O. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 1225. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 57. 6 4 744 1014. Sundays 8.44 a.m. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-1 Lg. 751. 831.9 5. 10 512 0 15.210, 40 529 70. 81C. b 940, 810 25.11 39 suudays 9. 955. 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturday, only. baturaays ex oepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 71 15 50.12 25. 2 10.4 50 9 55 S andays 957 Golborne-5 45. 75.8 35, 1055, 1225, 115,350, 21 714 65. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 811, 95. a 9 30, 105. 120. 15, 2 10,4 0.5 29 6 15.7 15,8 0,9 25,8 9 40, alo 25,Sunday 9 0,9 31 11 222 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55. 82, 7 10. 915 Sundays 845, 1014. 3 15, 5 15. 93. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78, a 7 4 5 a 27. Sundays 850. 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51. 5 25. 75. 85, 8 35 5.25,10 55,12 7,12 25,2.35 3.405 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28, 5 10. 60. 9 54. Prom 1110 Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform) —7 30, 825, 109 11 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 15, 6 17,8 0, 9 '3. Send iv. 95, 2 43, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 757, 95, 1026, 120 1 13, 2 10, 2 21, 3 37, 40. 64, 8 10. 9 11, 9 45, 10 23 1.120 11 39. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 0, 9 55.11 22,2 £0,2 39, 7 10, 5 28, 9 18,10 18. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past tne hour. I,Lon.ron L. &N. W.)-2 588, a 3 23, 7 10, 3 21, 9 45,10 20, 1 5.2 U, 5 20, 6 22,11 34. undays 258.10 15,4 5,11 35, Mondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46. 9 58. 11 37,12 55, 3 14a. 522. bll 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays Y. Mondays accepted. InLYaLm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 91236, 114 a 2 23,3 38. 4 11, 5 18. 613. 78. a 7 45, 927 'llndays 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only ~, Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 85. 3 25, 8 35, 4 19, 19 40,10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15,2 29,3 32, 4 28 5 32. 6 43, 717, a 8,9 20. 103. i. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. 7 57 From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Statlon) 617 7 23. 7 57, 832 90, s5B. 1049. 1 14. 3 33. 4 11. 6 13, 79, 9 27, 11 40 , Sundays 8 50. 3 8. 812.11 42. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 955

10 55 11 83,11 55, 1255. 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55,5235 55 .5 55, 710.7 55, 813, 8 5 5,9 15, 955. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 lb, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35, 10 0.

40, 10 2). 2 55, 5 35.7 20. 9oore-7 40,10 2012, 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 Newton-le-Willows- 63 10. 5 45,7 5, 8 5, 8 35,a9 19, 10 20 1 j 40, 10 5512 25, 1 15,2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 450. 520. 643, 717 9 20. 9 55. 1030. Sundays 843 a m 3 35. 51, 6 0,7 57, S 54a via Kenycn Mondays excepted Padgate -7 0, 7 55, 82, 840, 10 35,11 23, 1220. 140,355 028,7 10.8 13,9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 44, 515, 935 rreston-5 23, 545. 8 35, 955, 11 57, 12 25, 210. 3 60 6Q, 628 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 154 aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 40, 825, 945, 109, 1 55. 320, 5 15, 6 17. 80, lianSeS (tor Penketh)-7 15, 756,95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 E 10,2 68, 4 0.5 29,6 15. 75, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundays /3 0.11 22, 2 39, 855, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted b 3atur Says °sly. cMo ,days only. (C LC.) Sberneld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line--8 46 10 55 65, 2 55.3 14,4 7. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, 1,13,„S Helens-7 5, 85. 8 35. 11 .0. 10 55, 11 53. 12 7 2 35 3 40. 520, 633. 7 8,7 40, 925, 1033 Sundays 835.4 43,6 0.9 54 , Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 3), 11 2, 125 ° 56 6 15,7 15,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855, aSaturdays 0111 y. Zhelwall-6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, aa. 411' 518, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 927. Sundays, 850, 3 8, 812. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Llnes)-7 56, 95 115, 11 5. 120, 15, 1,10. 258, 40. 529, 6 15, 75,8 10, 925, st 9 40, 510 25. Sim- ).* 90, 9 31, 239, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. ()Saturdays a,,,Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 825. 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 15,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 95,240.80. 5 20.5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55,11 50,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 a t 60,4 50,5 20. 628.7 17.8 50, il 43,3 Sundays, 8 43, ' s 0. 9 54

TO WARRINGTON FROM.

~, Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52, 10 57. 12 0., 333, 4 45, 720 a 3) Sundays 7 55. 4 42. Alma,. and Hillhouse —ll 28, 12 4s, 2 45, 714. 8 24, 9 57, Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmingham (L. & t. W.)-3 10.550 720 1 1), 12 25. 2 a 35 al 40 5 53.7 25.quip4ays 310. 1240. 7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (d4iciland)-6 5. 742, 8 50 11 48. 125 2 45, E 45,6 50,10 34 1119. Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 p.m s,Blackburn-8 30.10 48. 12 30, 1 55, 347, 753 Sundays, 80, 42 Z. 540, a 9 13. a via Preston Blackpool (lalbot Road) —8 5, 955, 10 40. 11 40 1 40, 3 15, 5 25 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 5 1.2, 6 ILlaaknool ...(Central) —7 25, 8 25.9 10,10 0,11. 25, 1 5, 2 55, a 2 15 Sundays 7 10. 1 15,4 57.8 25. a leaves at 9on batlardays Bolton-5 65, 6437 55, 835, 9 10, 10 25. 15. 2 15, 415 6 10,5 55, 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a Saturdays onlyCarlisle—al2 5, 6 40, 8 30. 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42.8undays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41,a5iond iy+ excepted. Chester-7 25,8 45. 9 40. 10 12, 10 50, 11 40. 155. 2 10, 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15. 6 35, 7 35,810.8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30,6 30,655 Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 11 23. 12. 38 1 38, 2 10. 3 5, 4. 1, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 ICa.rn. 1 15.p.m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 3), 2 25, 3 5 415 45 640. 85. 90. Sunday' 455. 710, 246 4 10,921 Daresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 27. 2 62, 5 53. 8 43. Sundays 72.1,, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-8 12, 935. 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0,4 47, 75 87, 935, Ellndays 335. 7 30, 6 2?., 6 55. al4 xcept Mond tys. Barlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20, 9 45, 10 26, 11 26 1 42 12 50,1 42, 13. 314. 515,552,630733,88 923 410 36 a 1,2 o.Sundays 8 33,9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a Saturday

_ only. Fiddler's Ferry & 'Penketh-7 12, 95. 945. 12 3, 2 9, 327 6 4, 8 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 42.2 57, 52. lirodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 657, 83]. Bundsys 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50. 10 48 12 0, 12 56 2 11. 3 2, 4 49, 56. 556, 657, 7249 1 Sundays 10,9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 42, 651. 8 54. Glasgow-10 0. 2 0,2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50.9 5, Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 33 530 715 9 10 42 Sundays 9 40, 7 5. .7iHough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99. 103, 1055, 1.9 130 221 12,3 0, 0 21• 67• 7 11,7 38,9 0.5. Sundays 823, 920, 3 _

5:5'6137 lanland Cadishead (Central)-7 359 53, 55, 850, 11 30 60n6ays 1059. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0.. , Latchtord-8 14. 840 9 29,102 11, 16. 120. al 45. 2 1 ", 42.2. 15 41, 67, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42 1127. Sundays 823 21;k1 7 2.3. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. , Liverpool (via Eariestown)—a2 55 6 0.7 50, 8 0.8 35.9 23 ;1,9.11 50,1 5. 1 30, 30, 450, 5 35,7 5. 8 :25, 1115. Sunday 30. 9 20. 630, a Ylondays only. bSaturdays only. .„, la Widnes (L. 3: N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 95, 9 50, 1230, 1 25 1-04,3 35 4 20, 5 20.6 5,8 30, alo 45, Sundays 735, 2 1 0.7 15 ,•45, aiaturdaYs only zotherpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 23, 8 30, 840 0 11 15 11 20 11 39. 11 53 1230. 1 0, 1 30 1 33 111 9235 0 3 30,12 40 3' ' 60 4 4 55 5 30,5 36, 6 35.7 30. 8 30. 8 58. 01 30 Sutiuys 7 50, 9 0, 2 30,2 60 420630,830,835,940 an"', t.don W)-5 15 7 10. 10 25 12 13.2 15 4 15, 5 ";2 Sundays 100, 5 30, 12 0. 9 fg°lldon(Mldland)-5 15, 90, 10 5,12 10. 2 0 4 0, 5 0, 6 45 12.0, Suoc aye 3 15,12 0, aexcept Mondays. 32" 920 " 9 54 11 8 111, a 137. 25. 2 53 tl 14 35,5 L 9,6 41, 7 41, 9 33,11 19. Sunda aS 15,2 25 7 15 aturdays ly. bSaturdsys excepted, 3214, anchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 35, 8 30, 9 59 40 10 45 atn',.‘o.l. 5. 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 7 5, 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 ,„,---aYs. 8 0, 8 30, :9 0, 6 0, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. 2 e..4tichester (London-road)-7 25,750.9 25, 1.0 35, 12 35 1 5a 6 40, 55 5, 5 20, fi 5, 76, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 140, °Saturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. .tlanchester (Cheshire Linea)-6 45. 720, 8 33, a 9 5, 93) 449' 1030, 10 ZS, 11 30,12 SO, 12.50 13), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 6 5 30, 6 3u, 6 38, 730 830. 8 35,19 0, 110. Sunday 1p so. , 40. 2 0.6 6, 6 35 820, 9 40. a Saturdays only .4,..iddlewleh —6 48,2 39, 86. Dr°re---6 55,9 6. 11 9. 12 14,3 47.5 0,7 33.9undays.8 19,1 55 1 6.1" :ton-6 553 25.8 42, 98.9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, 12 38.1246 55- 58' 7. 4 7.4 51, 5 10, 535 54• 6 27, 7 30. 8 0, 9 15 8 11 4.11 47. Sundays 835. 949, 10, 0,3 40. 720 11 t&rdays only. '''litate 7 8, 7 48, 8 26, 9 O. 10 6, 1 14, 25, 5 13 73, 9 13 p3r2eXndayra 8 53, 11 16, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. 2a_ R n 50, 90, 93) .10 IC 11 15, 11 23.1_ 2). 3,1 47. • "°3, 9 45. 1.0 45. Sundays 29, 333, 30, u 10, 10 25 ~..41uaYs excepted. • 1n corn 8 33, 919 10 15, 12 30, 125. 32,440 541 623 9 53. 1411,4 2 k,eY-6 53. 756. 8 31, 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, la 35, 14) 43. 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 8 37 Sten 37, 1 7. 928. 5 „'u'iald —8 2 .1155, 1 55, 55,7 0, a 20. Sundvs,B 10 it3site rthye, only. 1 26 ,Raloll-6 20 6 55, 8 0.8 23. 9 0, 1.0 6, 11 10, 11 20, 12 5 7 50' G 5,42 50, 4 30,5 25,6 10.6 55, 7 25. 3 50 10 33,5ua1ay ti • 30,6 55. 95. s,;)usttinort.-..9 5, 1.0 10,11 13,12 25, 2 5. 2 3). 3 53, 7 0, 8 5 rt, 40. Sundays, 90, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdnyi only. ‘, 2,suelviall— 8 10, 8 36. 925. 958, 111. 115,1 41, 2 9 2 5 3 645, 7 45. 937. 1123. Sanlay a 19. 229 :4 5 dUes(rhebtilre Line)-8 20, 9 25, 1010. It 1.2,12 25 3 24. 4 25,5 12, 6 12, 716 7 58. 9 ?.?. a 11. 40, Sun- 77Aiii:cli 8 30,3 30, 5 0, 9 10 9 20, a Saturdays only. ,23.3 L N w)_ 7.6 8 88, 033. 10 33, 11 55, 12 57, 2) 4 55. 5 55. 646.96, 11. 6, clualsys, 8 14, 2 50 2 30011----2 39,1 33, 8 15, 9 26, 9 56. 1.00, 11 22, 12 15, 1 45 28 5 a 27 4 26 4 66. 93 II 20,

===== 0002601_19010301_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
::

===== 0002601_19010301_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
4444' .q• 7177. - " orr,S , ,„,„ „ . . # .lerN h • ~h4,••••7lthi ' e , ________ _______

THE WARRINGTON 1 SOCIETY. I

Annual Meeting and Dinner at the Old Academy.

Mr. F. Monks, J.P., presided over the annual meeting of the Warrington Society which was held in the Old AcadernysoniThursday last week. There were also present :—Messrs J A Ewarc, J Fairhurst, C Madeley, E 0 Osborne, H S Page, T May, J El Smethbrst, jun., M Ashton, W U J Jenkins, J Fulton Smith, E Hart, with A Bennett and EJ Hall (hon. secretaries). LE T TER FROM THE PRESIDENT. Mr. WILLIAM LONG, the president of the Society, wrote to Mr. Bennett, as follows, from Cleabarrow, Windermere :—" I see that our annual :meeting is called for to•morrow evening, and it would have given me much pleasure to attend it and dine with my fellow members after. But the Fates are against me, and I must be content to hope that you miv have a good report of past doings and a satisfactory balance 'sheet to lay before the meeting, and hearing that the Society is justifying its existence and filling a useful place in the town. Certainly we could have done clothing to regret when we rescued the historic old building from destruc- tion and possibly worse desecration to more ignoble uses. Wishing you and all a very pleasant social evening, believe me, your sincerely. Wm Losa " ALTERATION OF RULE.

It was decided on the motion of Mr May, seconded by Mr FAIRHURST, that rule 7 be altered to the effect that "subject to the approval of the executive, the • society in general meeting may elect any person distinguished in science. literature and art, as an honorary member."

Executive has not been responded to as generously as they had hoped,and further contributions are invited in order that this long-neglected and important work may be completed without delay. The ancient landmarks are rapidly disappearing. In many other places each tablets have been provided, and it is needless to emphasize the distinction they would lea I to a town whose associaticms are second to those ef scarcely any in the Kingdom. In this connection, we note with pleasure that the Town Council are beginning to give the names of old " Warrington Worthies "to appropriate local thoronghfares. Amongst the resignations which we have had to lament during the year is that of the Rev:VV H Drummond, B A, (son of Principal Drummond, of Manchester College, Oxford), who has been appointed minister of All Souls' Church, Belfast ; and it is with profound regret that we record the death of Danis D ivies, whose genial personality, dramatic skill, and literary and artistic taste had en- deared him not only to every member of the Society, but to a wide circle of friends and admirers all over the country. We are glad to state that the first fruits of his genius have been collected in a volume which will always have an honoured corner in our library. In con- clusion, we may say that every effort i 3 being made to promate that spirit of intellectual camaraderie which adds so much to the amenities of tile In an industrial centre ; and we cordially invite the active assistance of all our membars in carrying out the aims of the Society, and shall be glad to welolme any to its ranks who are genuinely interested in the town, and wish to keep alive in it the love of art and letters. The statement of accounts showed that the income received from rents, subscriptions &c., amounted to £lOO Os Bii. The expenditure totalled £127 is leavingAn adverse balance of £27 Os 41. On tho motion of the CHAIRMAN seconded by Mr Pam- rwasy.the report and balance sheet were adooted,several suggestions as to bow the income of the Society might be increased, being considered

whilst Mr Thomas May gave "The Lancashire Witches,', which was replied to by the Chairman. Mr. GEORGE VENN said he had much pleasure in pro- posing the toast of " The Good Old Town," and he felt sure no society would receive the toast more loyally than the Warrington Society. It was one of their char- acteristics to be loyal to the good old town and also to their country. (Hear, hear.) At the end of the eight teenth century and the beginning of the last century a wave of patriotism was passing over the country similar to the one they had been experiencing during the past eighteen months, and at that time the good old town was not slow in showing its sympathy. He thought it was net gener- ally known at that time that a Society similar to their society existed. Thera was then in ex- istence a club which was termed the "Amicable Club," its members consisting of the leading tradespeople of , the town, professional men, and the gentry of the neigh- beurhood. The Club was started in the usual way by subscriptions, and fines for various offeaces were levied upon the members. Then there was a 'Denied° society, called "The Bluebacks," both being in existence at the same time and having their headquarters at the seine place and consisting of the same members, The patrio- tism which existed then was apparent even now, and stirring events of the past 12 or 18 months were very similar. The toast was heartily drnnk. MC FAIRHURST in eeply, said he was one of those who felt very proud of the good old town. Fle thought he was about the tenth generation of the family in War rington. He could certainly call himself a Warring- tonian and he could remember very many changes in the town. He found that during his time the area of the borough had increased more than twice what it vvas 40 toirmseos tit er snaugmo e rTohf hpooupsue lart tbiyo no ehaardl yi ret chrreeaes teidmbeys t ah nr ede the rateable value about four times. Ile had even beard it said that the times were much better 40 or 50 years ago, and he had been told they had not so many ratea—(lattehter)—but he thought that was not quite true. Forty years ago they were paying rates amounting to Sc 103 in the pound, and that amount was the same now. The debt at that time was £20,000 and now it was £650,000. They had gone on paying and wiping off some of those debts. He was 'resent at one of the meetings of Municipal Corpora- tions, when he heard a statesman Say that a great deal had been said of the increase of debts of Corpora- tions, lie else stated that the debts of the Corporations were nearly twice the amount of the national debt, and went on to say that he danything of that because his experience wasid more the debts of a town the more they not thinkthe wore preparing to put themselves in readiness for a future. That etates-nan went on to say " show me a town that had no debts, and I will show you a town that is going to decay." For their £650,000 they had many valuable properties—gas works, waterworks, and other things. Without attempting to be a prophet he thought they would have a good time in Warrington. He was still of opinion despite the aspersions cast upon them during the last few weeks that they wodld come out of it clear. During the time he had been corm cted with the Corporation he had seen a change in every member of the Council, and he believed nosy that they , had a very good Council. (Hear, bear). A Connell that I was preparing to do all that was necessary for progress and he believed that given a fair chance they would be- I come one of the principal towns of Lancashire. (Hear, I hear). In looking over the minutes and documents at the Town Hall he ascertained that at one time the Cor- poration held neatly all the land from Corporation-street to Market-gate and where the market now stands. S me of that land was sold at 5s per yard,. and if they could now buy it at twenty times that price they would buy to-morrow. (Hear, hear, and laughter). Ile had always tried to uphold the good name, and he would like to see teings progressing—perhaps a little quicker than they *ere now' What hey wanted were the people most Interested to come and do their share. (dear, hear). Mr. E. J. flux proposed the health of " The Chair man." Most of them knew how deeply he had laid his impress on the town for its advanoernenamt and benefit. Toe Chairman was one of the most familiar figures amonest them—(hear, hesl)—having lived amongst nem all his life. He had great pleasure in proposing the toast.

The toast was drunk with musical honours. The Curapuarr expressed his thanks, and said he had lived amongst them and intended to live amongst them. Warrington was the birthplace of his parents, and a few miles away was the home of his ancestors. Lin thanked them sincerely for so heartily drinking his health. Mr SEGAR OWEN gave the " Warrington Society," the object of which he said was for the advancement of hobble; which they were able to take up after their day's work, and also that they might be brought to gether to discuss congenial matters and learn from one another. He coupled with it the name of Ildr Bennett, because he could not conceive any other man who had ,tried harder tu further any society that had aSitS

===== 0002601_19010301_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL REPORt AND BALANCE B.EIEEr.

The SECRETARIES presented their annuallrepert and statement of accounts. The report read as follows

----- We are able to look back upon the year which has jest ended with a good deal of satisf scion. Our membership has been fully maintained, and those who have been in the habit of trequenting tho Old Academy and actively identifying themselves with the work of the Society have become increasingly attached to both. The objects whicio the founders had in view in:preserving the one and establishing the other are more and more appreciated, and the Academy is gradus,lly winning recognition as the meeting-place for what is best and most enlightened in the town. The appearance of the building has been much. improved by the planting of additional trees and Ivy, and the erection of a flower-box above the front door ; arid the collection of local pictures, hooks, and relics is steadily getting larger. Amongst the additions which have been made Co these in the course of the year we wish to specially refer to a complete set of John Howard's " Prison" works, all first editions,and printed by William Evros, which has been kindly pretented by Mr John Robert Carter, P.S.S.,EIon Librarian to the South Place Ethical Soci-ity, London. As we pointed out last year, old Warrinvon books or pictures are paculiarly acceptable, and the Executive ate always glad to have an opportunity of acquiring them either by gift, loan or percnase. The dining and smoke rooms have become extremely p opular. though we regret that the " Smokers' and Talkers' Nights " which were started last winter have had to be dis- continued through the want of proper support. The library is slowly growing, the book club flourishes, and the " Club" nights have again been most successful. The first aanual dinner was well attended, and was in every way a v irsz pleasing function The same applies to the picnic to D dainere, in titigual', of which a photo• graphic souvenir has been presented to the Society by Mr Walter Crompton. A subsequent cycle picnic to Plumb- ley was also much enjoyed ; and similar picnics, it is hoped, will be arranged, at frequent intervals, to other interesting places, and especially no those with historical associations. The Polyglot and Philatelie societies have once more made their home at the Ac,demy, and the attention of similar Societies is invited to the accom- modation which it is able to offer. The Rochdale Literary and Philosophical Swiety and the Liverpool Branch of the Institute of Journalists (for the second time) have honoured uo wi•li a v ; and,althoug,h only 105 names have been inst.: ibed in che V.sitors' rook, a much larger number have paid their homage to the Academy in the course of the year, In accordance with one of the fundamental aims of the Society, an appeal as made, in the autumn, remembers and others for funds for the Commemorativo TablesS on some of the more interesting of our local houses. Among them may be mentioned the Old A,Ademy itself, the residences of Dr Priestley, Dr Enfield, GThert Wakfieli, and John Aikin, M.D., the house in which John Howard resided whilst printing the immortal " Prison 10-mks already mentioned, the site of Cromwell's Lodgings, and the birthplace of Dr Percival. It is proposed, if possible, to execute the work in Wedgsvood ware, Josiah Wedgwood having been one of the founders and trustees of the Academy, and one, at least, of his sons having been educated there. A sufficient sum has been promised to warrant us in making a start ; but the appeal of the

===== 0002601_19010301_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
_

- - ----.-

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY MARCH 1 1901.

. ....• MEP

===== 0002601_19010301_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Nine long years of suffering from

INDIGESTION .9 BILIOUSNESS

Ended by Charles Forde's BILE lugs.

4444444444

444

(Extract from the "Cheadle Herald"). R.._, N example of the power of Charles Forde's BILE BEANS for Biliousness in curing chronic easel of Indigestion and Liver Troubles, has recently been brought to light through the instrumentalit: of the "Cheadle Herald;" the subject being Mrs. Hannah Whitehurst, of Plant St- Cheadle, Staffordshire. When the "Herald" representative called upon her, he found her in perfect health, and she very kindly detailed to him the following facts :—" Somewhere about nine years ago, I began to suffer from severe attacks of biliousness and indiges- tion. I had to be exceedingly careful as to what I took, but notwith- standing all the care I exercised, after each meal I experienced great pain in the chest and back, and still more severely between the shoulders. I hardly ever got up in the morning without the headache, which would continue throughout the day. Naturally I obtained medical advice, and for a long time was constantly under the care of the doctor. His medicine, however, did no more than afford me a temporary relief, and I spent pounds without obtaining any material benefit. This miserable state of affairs continued until last September. In that month a pamphlet was put under my door. and, as much out of curiosity as anything else, I r?ad it. To my surprise I found it stated how a number of eases similar to my own had been cured by use of Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness; and I was so impressed with some ol the eases that I decided to try the Beans. I procured a box without delay, and began to take them regularly. To my. delight before the first box was empty my headache disappeared. By degrees the biliousness also ceased to trouble me, and as I continued with the Beans, my appetite improved, and .once more I began to feel well. Of course, finding that to be the ease, I obtained a further supply, and as a result, lam now as well and strong as ever I was in my life. Ino longer feel weary and fagged in the morning as I used to do, and I take a pleasure in performing my household duties. Bile Beans alone have brought about this cure, and I have so much faith in them that I shall always keep them in my house. I have recommended them to several of my neighbours and friends, and shall continue to do so, wherever I lind anyone suffering as I did."

===== 0002601_19010301_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
13111 E 13ER1S FOR 13ILtIOUSNESS

GENERAL PURPOSE COMMITTEE

This Conarnittee was re-elected, with the substitution of the names of Messrs Fairhurst, Ewan, and Dr Naden, for Messrs J Dunn, F G Fraser, and C H Grundy. THE AUDITOR.

A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr J L Tcn- stall for auditlng the books of the Society for the past year. On the proposition of Mr JENKINS, second•A by Mr Ping, Mr E 0 Osborne was appointed auditor for nt ensuing year. THE SECRETARIES THANKED. Mr EWLET prOpo3ed a vote of thanks to the secretaries for their services during the past year. They had been very fortunate. in obtaining two such energetic secre- taries as Messrs Bsonott and Hall. (Hoar, hear), Mr 03BOILNE seconfei, and the motion was heartily

agreed to. hi acknowledging the compliment, Mr BENNETT said it had been a real pleasure to him to do what he could to promete the intereqs nf the Society, and he should be very glad to do the sams in the future. He had had one of the best possible coadjutors in Mr Hall, and they had vie along without a single difference or difficulty on any question whatever. THE USEFULNESS OF THE SOCIETY.

A vote of thanks was accorded to 'Mr Monks for pre- siding over the meeting. In response the CHILIRM&N said he.could only say that he W4B %Tory pleased to assist the Society. Ile had watched it with a great deal of interest and he thought it met a want in the town. It was very dasirable that they should have in a town like Warrington a centre of intellectual activity quite spar'', from clubs, public houses and any places of that character. Mere were not really 5 per cent of young fellows who cared for literature culture and that sort of thing but those who did care for it benefited by it ani enjoyed it mot. Any man who gave time, attention and study to these matters, was repaid a thousand fold for all the trouble it had cost , him. (sear, hear.) . • The meeting then terminated. The Dinner.

The membera af,et wards partook of an excellent dinner prepared by Mr 4 Booth, the caretaker of the Old A-ademy. The tahlss were tastefully decorated, and the meal was thoroughly enjoyed. TOAsTs.

The toast of " The sing "Was givm by the Chairman (Mr F Monks) and was drttnk with mulical hononrs. Mr H M ASHTON proposed the toast of " Our Soldiers and Sa;lors."" fie said that at this time they must re- member the fact that th.y had sever4l men whom they knew fighting the colntry's battles, and they hoped shortly to ancord them a hearty welcome honie. He coupled with the toast th., name of Mr Jenkin's.

The toast having been drunk. Mr JENKINS in reply, alluded to his service In the Queen's Navy. He would only like all boys to go through sorne kind of disciplinary training either in the Navy or Army. Mr FULTON SMITII proposed the toast of " Art and Literature," which was responded to by Mr E N? Walker

===== 0002601_19010301_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1903 Pte. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford home:lo '7 15 St. llelens home 0 0 22 Stockport . away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 6 6 Oct.

-6—Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Lane. v Cumber. away 21 2 20 Attrincham home n 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov.

, Lane. v York ......... home 24 5 '3 Widnes(si.W.LAß.T Cup Comp)home 21 T 10 Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 0 Dec. 1 Widnes home 10 7 8 Lane. v Cheshire away 30 0 8 Altrincham away 19 0 15 Salford away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (S W.L &S.T.O Comp)home 6 5 25 Huneorn home 0 2 29 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Jan. 1 Mannhigham away 26 3 5 Swinton away 0 11 12 Wigan .. home 8 7 19 Mlrom away 2 3 26 Barrow . home 2 2 Feb. g Leigh . .away 0 0 ,5 Broughton Hangers home 2 0 Z 3 Stockport home 10 3 Mar.

i—ljup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16

ii Cup Tie 3) Cup Tie Apt. 5 Goo I Friday 6 Millom home

8 IM Leigh home 13 Semi Final _

---• 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

===== 0002601_19010301_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
~,• , „koz, tidAt-3A . P kr.. • , .

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headatho. Constipation, Wind,

Weak Szofalas.49 Impaired aigestio;3,

Disorderel Liver & Fema.!e Ailments.

Pr, lured only by the Proprietor, TnostAs Remus, St. Helens, Lancashire. in hoNcs, Is. lid. (5t3 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improvrd upon and reduced to a more simple for.F.2. Take some good Compound such a:

COCKIie,'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, Ni and we find that the desired snd may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mystetious compartments, and enc nted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but C LE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down at the be4.—Observer.

. FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c

===== 0002601_19010301_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19010301_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
• THE ANGLO AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), LID. 72, PRINCES ROAD. CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST.. LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FEBB. MANAGING DIRECTOR :- DR. LA GRANGE. M.D D.D.S , US.A.

BOOTS business grows and grows be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prices.

Here are a few articles of the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents : PERFUMES

make very acceptable !presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. size 6d., Is, size aid. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponaz, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay, Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Battles,ls. 6d. size Is.. 2s. 6d. size Is. 9d. PARMA. VIOLETS In Bottles from is. 3d. In Artistic Cases from In Cut Glass Bottles from 2s. 61.

TOILET ARTICLES are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair brushes fro xt is 6d, Dressing Combs from 6d, Hand Mirrors from is, Bail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brusbes,Pocket Combs, Tooth Pow- der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS

===== 0002601_19010301_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
IR GREAT VARIETY.

Honey, Curd, Rider Flower. Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber. White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 20. per tablet, 5 tablets for Is.

Castile Soap, 30. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows .

Violette de Parma. Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Cold Cream and Honey, usual 6d.. tablet for 31(1., Is, 63. box 10d. We can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all confidence.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS

35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ALSO AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGE STRBET, RUNCORN. IND 27. POST OFFICE AROADR, ACCRINGTON.

JOHN BROWN & CO 9.CCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 TRAWL)

ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST.

LnriapooL.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S ro WDE. KEATINGS POW D R. .Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 31., 6d., .1./- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., I/- NEW BELLOWS, 9&; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kill ig Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins, ad„ 6d., and Is., also In the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIBS' AND GIINTLBMBN'S

WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPE i FROM 2s. 11D. GENTLEMEN'S SAC:COATS FRo3:l4s. 11D. J. E. :HUGHES AND SONS.

36, , PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHUROH-STREST), LIVIHIPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORGE'S OSSSCF.NT.

A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM 58. 11D.

JOHN FINLAYSON. THE POPULAR JEWELLER.

I HORS E MARK ET-STREET, WARR I N GTO N 13 NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs in GOLD AND ; SIILVER JEWELLERY, .PLATE,

for the present season.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO.,

LIMITED,

BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE,

f

OF EITYRPLITS AUTUMN AND WINTER STOCK.

GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

EMBRACING-

SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, HOUSE.

;HOLD LINENS. LACES, HOSIERY, GLOVES. MANTLES, COSTUMES. MILLINERY, LADIES' OUTFITTING, BOOTS AND SHOES, UMBRELLAS. WATERPROOFS, SILVEtt PLATE. JEWELLERY. FANCY GOODS, Scc. BASNETT SI REET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIRE

GOOSE OR TURKEY DON'T BB IMPOSED UPON WITH FOREIGN :STUFF, SEE

Ale DEP,SIOTT,

TUE RABBIT RING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCEIFORD4

WARRINGTON

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS LOVE and potatoes both spring from the eyes. EVEN the discontented baker takes a floury view of life. A WEDDING TRlP.—Stumbling over the bride's train.

YOUR next-door neighbour may be your moat distant friend. A minium is one thing most people seem willing to countenance. A GIRL'S love affairs get tangled when she has too many strings to her bow. So many men are born lucky that it seems strange how we missed it. . .

IT may sound like a paradox, yet the breaking of both wings of an army is a sure way to make it fly. Miss Dorchester: "I tell you we have found a wide-awake preacher in our new rector." Mr. De Pew : "I trust that he has found a wide-awake congregation in his new parish." AT THE CAFE.—" What will monsieur take 1" "I'll take cold, my friend, if you don't close that window."

- - HE: "I love you." She: "Aunt Hetty says you love yourself better." He (frankly) : "I love us both I" WEAT is the difference between a cook and a policeman? One cooks the meat, and the other meets the cook.

MOTHER: "Never let me catch you at the jam again, Willie." Willie: " I—l tried not to let you catch me this time." A MAN writes that it is matchless misery to have a cigar and nothing to light it with. It is still greater misery to have a match and no cigar. " YES, sir, I want to marry your niece." " Have you asked her mother ?" "No, sir, I prefer the younger lady." TRAMP : " Maddim, may I trouble you for some- thing to eat ?" I'll call the dog immediately if you----." Tramp: " Thankye, mum, but I never eat dogs." "My dear doctor," said a lady, "I suffer a great deal with my eyes." "Be patient, madam," he replied; "you would probably suffer a great deal more without them."

"DID you enjoy the opera?" "No: I didn't hear it." "Why not?" "Two women sitting in front of me were explaining to each other how they loved the music." .

"Do you think it proper," said the man who was trying to keep his temper, "to laugh at a man who slips on a banana peel by accident?" " Well," replied the spectator apologetically, "I laughed by accident, too. I didn't think of such a thing until I saw you." SOCIAL BARRIERS: Caller; "Is Mrs. Smith in ?" Servant : "I don't know." Caller: Can you as- certain for me ? " Servant : "No ; that is the housemaid's work, and she's out.". . .

Dourz "He Promised to send back my lock of hair, but he hasn't done it yet." Mollie: "That's the way with all these hair restorers—all promise and no performance." FRED: "All the articles about the danger of contagion from kissing are very alarming, don't you think ?" Dora— " M'yes—but we women greatly admire courage in a man." "Boorc reviewers must have very heavy doctors' bills, I imagine." " Why? Authors are rarely pugilists." "Oh, I don't mean that. But re- viewers are always in a critical condition, you know. "WHAT are you crying for, Bobbie ? " " Boo- hoo ; Willie broke his arm, and if I licks him all the fellers will say I'm a coward." " Why don't you wait till he's well ?" "800-hoo—ll can't Lick him then." "I WISH I was a girl," said Bobbie. "Why do you wish that?" asked his father. "Oh, then I wouldn't have to bother about thinking what I'll be when I'm a man." THE SWEET "All's fair, they say, in love and war, but I can't see why two such opposites should be linked together." The Common or Garden) Man: "Love and war I Why, that's the phrase that describes courtship and marriage." BnowisTE—" How surprised we should be if we could see ourselves as others see us I" Towne— " Yes t • but think how surprised the others would be if they could see us as we see our- selves."

-- LCCURABLE.—Bing—" Yes, that's old Sprigg- ings. Half-a-dozen doctors have given him up at various times during his life." Wing—" What was the trouble with him ? " Bing—" He wouldn't pay his bills." HE—" You say you like a manly man. What is your idea of a manly man?" She—" Well, for instance, one who doesn't stay and stay and stay just because he knows the girl isn't strong enough to throw him out." - -•- -

"1 CAN'T understand, Bobby," said his father, "why you should quarrel so much with Tommy White. Your mother tells me that you quarrel with him most of the time." "I can't help it, pa," replied Bobby, thoughtfully ; "I guess I must get my disposition from you or ma." SEEDY INDIVIDUAL: "Can you give me a posi- tion as waiter in yeur hotel ?" Hotel Proprietor: "Your face is familiar. Have I met you before ?" Seedy Individual: "Very likeiy. You were one of my waiters last year when I owned this hotel." THINGS ONE WOULD HAVE LEFT UNSAID. "And now, my dear general, come and sit by me and tell me all the scandal that's happened while I've been away." " Well, really, Mrs. Mallecho, er—you see—er—the fact is that while you've been away there's been no scandal." THE class was told to write an essay on honesty. This where jimmy Green's essay:—" Some boys is honester than others, and there's no way to tell them apart unless you say you've left your knife some way, and watch them jump for it. The one that jumps last is the honestest one." "I APPRECIATE the service you do Me, sir, in offerin' me ther job," said Roadside Worker, "but I cannot take it." "Why not ? " "When I think of the thousands of my fellow men who might have It—how can I deprive them of their means of gainin' an honest livelihood by takin' of it my- self ?"

SOME go to church to. weep, while others go to sleep. Some go their wives to please ; their con- science others go to ease. Some go to hear the preacher; others like the solo screecher. Boys go there to reconnoitre; girls go because they oughter. Many go for sage reflections; precious few to help collections.

MINNIE : " What frauds these beggars are ! I met a blind man who said: Please give me a penny, beautiful lady.'" Marie: "Yes, he paid that to make you think he really was blind." Docrou, (to Gilbert, aged four) : " Put your tongue out, dear." Little Gilbert protruded the tip of his tongue. Doctor; "No, no, put it right out." The little fellow shook his head weakly, and the tears ggthered in his eyes—l can't, doctor: it's fastened on to me." TIIE Bride: "I had no idea that you spent all of your income, I thought you sa:ed money every year." The husband: "I will from now on. We are married, my dear, so of course, there will be no more theatres, carriages, little suppers, and the like, you know." A SOl'OßlFlC.—Country Parson: "How is your husband to-day, Mrs. Hodge?" Mrs. H. "Bad, sir, awful bad. He can't sleep a wink o' nights. Would you mind steppin' down to-night, an' preachin' a bit of a sermon to him, sir? That'll send him to sleep if anything will! Your sermons are so soothing, sir !" EXTRAVAGANT DRESS.—" Speaking of extrava- gance in dress," writes a correspondent, " the most expensively dressed man I ever saw was an African chief on the Gold Coast. His wives had anointed him thoroughly with palm oil, and then powdered him from head to foot with gold dust. You never saw in your life a man got up so utterly regardless of expense. NOTHING PERSONAL INTENDED. —The family was to have the luxury of a private telephone. The battery and wiring had been put in, and all that was necessary was the establishment of the connections. The handsome daughter of the housellold waited for the service to begin. The weloome ring came at a time when she was the only member of the family at home. She rushed to the telephone and gave the answering "Hello !" "Hello !" came back, cheerfully. "You're 31." "What 1" exclaimed the girl, hardly able to believe her ears. "You're 31," repeated the voice. "I'm not; and don't you dare insult me. Why, I'm only just a little over--" The voice came back over the wire with a jolly laugh. "I'll have to beg your pardon, miss. I meant that 31 was your telephone number."

POLICE CASE

_ At the Newton Police Court on non lay morning, before Mr Gillespie, Anthony Breen wrt,3 charged with being &link inßarlestown on eunday, and was fined 2s 6d including costs.

DRLIOTOI7S MAE +MATTER TEA DELICIOUS MiLZ4.W.ASIEI TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TBA SoE AGErrs: HIMRY AMINO- AND CO.. LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL ORoCERS ETC., 6. HORSEHARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, _

===== 0002601_19010301_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, MARCH 1 1901.

THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Reported Surrender of

General Botha.

The London "Daily Chronicle," says :—"We have received from a quarter that we have every reason to believe trustworthy, a report that General Botha has surrended to Lord Kitchener. According to earlier information arrang-ments had been 'made to receive General Botha in Lord Kitchener's camp at the end of this week, but if what we now hear is true, events have evidently ripened with unexpected rapidity."

===== 0002601_19010301_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Version.

Tbe " Pall Mall Gazittee " says :—lnformation has just reached amniag-street that General Louis Botha f 3rmally surrendered to L3rd Kitchener at Middelburg shortly before nine o'clock to-day (Thursday). All details had previously been arranged, and the modus roiveadi had been settled some days before.

No Information at the War Office.

The War Office says it has no confirmation of the reported surrender of Botha.

Two Runcorn Men Join the Yeomanry.

Private T Mellor, late of the Runcorn Volunteer Detachment, and dr E D Douglas, son of Mr James Douglas, 4, Lniuster-gardens, have joined the Imperial Yeomanry. Private Mellor, who is tne son of Mr William Mellor, left Runcorn for Aldershot on Monday. Mr Douglas leaves on Tuesday.

'

===== 0002601_19010301_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
More Runcorn Men for the Front.

On Saturday afternoon, Privates Cnarlesworth, Par- kinson, Griffiths, and Clarke, who have been called up for active service in South Africa, left Runcorn Station by the 2.4 train for the Chester depot. TheP and G (Runcorn) companies of the 2nd V.B.C.R. assembled at the Drill Hall at 1.30, and escorted their comrades to the station,led by the band, under the direction of Band- master Outhwaite. Captain Timmins was in command and there were also present—Lieut. Linaker, Sergeant Instructor Callaghan. Sergeaats Harvey. Edwards, and PI cenix. The streets were lined with spectators, and a large crowd hal congregated at the approaches to the station to give the men a hearty send-off. On arrival at the station Captain Timmins read a telegram from Cap- tain Ashten, commander of the detachment, expressing regret that business in London prevented him from see- ing the men off, and conveying his best wishes for their success and safe return. Captain Timmins addressed a few words to the men, and expressed the hope that they would worthily uphold the credit of their town. The men entrained amid the loud and prolonged cheer- ing of their townsmen and to the strains of " Auld Lang Syne " by the band, These four voluhteers have been on the reserve list for over twelve months. A sum of money had been collected for the benefit of their wives and families, and it is proposed shortly to hold a concert with the object of raising funds to insure their lives while on active service. The men were plaetographed before leaving the station.

Departure of the Cheshire Volunteers.

The second body of the Volunteer Special Service Com- pany of the Cheshire Regiment sailed tram Southampton for South Africa in the as. Oratava on Monday. The company consists of 113 men, and three officers—Captain Abercrombie (in command), Lieutenant Frost, and Sub- Lieutenant Moir—and goes to relieve the Special Service ICompany now at the front. For the last three weeks the men have been located at the Chester Grand Stand, at the Roodee, where they have been steadily and patiently acquiring drills of a nature that will stand them in good stead when put to the test of practical warfare. The men have been fitted out with the customary khaki kit, and on Saturday evening were entertained to supper by the Mayor (Alderman H T Brown) at the Town Hall. The time for the departure from Chester was put at 12 15 on Sunday night. Shortly before the mm n left their temporary quarters the Mayor visited them as they were drawn up ready for the march and spoke a few words of encouragement. Notwithstanding the lateness of the hour a large crowd had assembled to witness the departure. The Watergate and the Walls were packed, as were also the streets and Rows where the Mell passed. A large crowd load collected on the station platforms, which grew denser as the men, headed by the R lie Band, approached. It was with difficulty that a way could be kept clear for the Volunteers to get to their train, but after a gcod deal of good-humoured pushing and struggling the company were safely entrained. The last good-byes were hurriedly said, the signal given, the band struck up "Auld tang syne," and amidst a volley of cheers the train glided forward, and the men were fairly on their way to the relief of their tiomrades at the front ere the station was clear of people.

A Boer Account of Spion Kop. Monday, 29, 1, 1900. Spion /Cop. The leader of the report riders wires from Veld near Ladysmith. I was yesterday on the battlefield of Spion Kop. From inform- ation received it appears that on Tuesday (23rd January), in the night, the enemy marched to the west of Spion Kop, the force consisting of Lancashire Fusiliers, the Lancasters, and half a company of engineers. At one o'clock they reached the hill and at once commenced to make entrenchments. The fire brigade of Vrijheid. 60 strong, took to flight. There was a thick fog, which lifted at about 7 a m, on Wednesday. 24th January. Our burghers meanwhile had mounted the hill,and immediately on the fog disappear- ing the fighting began on Spion Kop and lasted till Thurs- day when the enemy fled. The enemy was repeatedly reinforced until their force had increased to about 4,000 men. We were about 500 strong. It is difficult to state the enemy's loss, but it is estimated at 800 killed, whilst the number of wounded can only be guessed at. Yester- day there were still about 200 unburied. Major-General Woodgate, who commanded the brigade, was killed: The Lancashire Fusiliers were totally annihilated with the exception of 110 who were taken prisoners. Of their forty-three officers only one remains, the others being killed or wounded, amongst the latter being the commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bloomfield. According 'to an English officer, Buller is unhurt, and he further said that be had never experienced such firing as that of the Boers. Ten of Thorneycroft's mounted infantry took up a good position behind a kraal, and, when the burghers noticed them, six of them ran to a position , from which they could fire at them, and in three minutes all ten were dead. He (the officer) disapproves of night attacks and attributes their defeat to fog They had intended to surround the fire brigade. The enemy has now again taken his waggons across the river The Chief Telegraph Department, Pretoria, reports that yesterday only a few shots were heard near_the Tugela. It seems the enemy intend retiring altogether after their fruitless efforts to get through. On one of the kopjes General Cronje (Uncle Andries) still found seventeen unburied corpses, whilst at Spion Bop there are still many bodies which the enemy evidettly do not intend Ito bury.—From "Some Boer War Bulletins," in the ' Corahill May azine ' for March

===== 0002601_19010301_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON. ---- Funeral of the Late P.C. Corcoran

uThe. i:enTutins of the late P.C. Corcoran whose dden death was reported in our last issue, were aid to rest in the Warrington Cemetery on Satur- day afternoon. The obsequies were attended by about 40 of the deceased's comrades in the force, who marched to the late residence of the deceased in linutsford-road, under the cpramand of Chief Inspector Phillips. The cortege left the house at about 2.15, and was headed by the Borough Band, which played the Dead March in "Saul " en route to the cemetery. The hearse was preceded by the , police, the following members of the force acting as bearers :—lnspectors Taylor and Rowbotham, Ser- geants Evans and Barnett, and Police-Con,tables Bruen and Hardy. The Chief Constable was also present. The deceased's helmet and belt, as well as his uniform, were laid on the coffin, and in the hearse there were many beautiful floral tributes. The officiating clergyman was the Rev Father McGrath. The mourners were the son and daughters of the deceased, with othaesrraellaa:uivseas.ndTraheaiwderneahtahirs included, a heart-shaped one, composed of arum lilies, tulips, white lilac, p fern, which had been sent by the members of the Borough Police Force. Attached to it was a card which bore the following inscription :—`' From the officers and men of the Warrington County Borough Police Fore", in token of their sorrow for a good comrade and an honest man." The funeral arrange,. ments were carried out by Mr L Wells, Foundry- street. 70.Z11

DELICIOUS MAZIWATiNE TEA DELICIOUS MAZ tWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS NIAZIWATTSE TEA SOLE %GENTS : HENRY alum AND C. LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROC7.R9 ETC., 5, HoRBEMA.RIEET STEET, WARNINGTriN.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

NEWTON URI3A.N DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A spacial meeting was held at the Town Hall. Earlestown on Monday afternoon for the purpose of making selections from the candidates for gas and water engineer, and gas works clerk. For the post of engineer there were 37 candidates.which number was reduced to 4,and these appeared before the com- mittee on Monday, one being ultimately selected for recommendation to the Council. For the posi- tion of gas works clerk, there were 117 applica- tions, which were reduced to 9 and these appeared before the committee. The choice ultimately fell upon Mr Thomas Swift of Earleatown, now em- ployed by the Sankey Sugar Co, and he will be recommended to the Council on Monday for appoint- ment.

THE PROPOSED COTTAGE HOSPITAL FOR EARLES-

TOWN AND NEWTON.

The first meeting of the committee formed for; purpose of carrs log througo this project was hold on Tuesday evening in the r)wn Hall, Earlestowo. and some advancement was made. It was decided in the first place, to work for the provision of hospital to accommodate 20 bads, at an estimated cost of .25,000, and that the hospital should be known as the " Newton-in-Makerfield Victoria Memorial Cottage Hospital." Various suggestions were brought forward and discussed as to the best means of raising the r squisite amount of money but the one most in favour was that of raising it by means ot weekly subscriptions of a penny or a half- penny from all the employs engaged at the various works in the district, and 'ey donations from em- ployers,and others. It was also decided that meet- ings of the emplos es at the different works be held at which the project would be explained and repre- sentatives invited to join the committee. The pro- ceedings were quite enthusiastic, and no fear was expressed as to the required amount being raised in the course of a couple of years.

SUICIDE AT HAYDOCK. A determined case ot s 'idle took place at Hay- dock an Sunday morning. About a quarter past nine, Toornas Pimblett, engine winder at the Old Boston Collieries, whilst in the engine house saw a man jump into Haydock badge reeervoir, ahout quarter of a mile away. He gave an alarm, and later on the body was recovered, and proved to be that of Martin Dowd. collier, age 31, who lodged at Barber's-square, Ashton. The body was removed to the Run's Head Hotel, to await an inquest. —The inquest was held at the Ram's Head, Hay- dock, on Tuesday.—Patrick Dowd sail that at half- past-one on Sunday morning he WAS going home when he met his Irother who was under the influence of drink. He took him home with him, and then want to bed leaving his brother asleep on the mat in front of the fire. He never had any suspicion that Martin would take away his life.— Sarah Dowd said that when she went downstairs in the morning she saw Martin there and roused him. He bade her "good morning, " and went out. She did not esnsider him strange in his manner.— Thomas Pimblett, engine winder at the Old Bolton Colliery said that on Sunday he Paw 31 trtin Dowd divest himself of his cap, coat and waistcoat and jump into a reservoir. When he and another man reached the spot the man had disappeared. The Coroner having summed up, the jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased deliberately and feloniously killed himself. VOLUNTEER SMOKING CONCERT AT NEWTON. On Saturday evening one of the best Smoking Concerts ever held under the auspices of the sixth V. 13, Kings Lancashire Regiment, Newton Detach- ment, took place at the Legh Arms Hotel. There would be about 150 present. The chair was occu- pied by Sergeant Instruc.;or Hancock who was supported by Colour Sergeant Appleton, Sergeant Major Pearce and Regimental Sergeant Major Strange (Lancashire Hussars). One of the principal features was the gramaphonic selections by the instrument belonging to Mr Owen of the Farm School. Among the vocal items those by Messrs Graves 'and Hayward called for special com- ment as the contributors displayed superior vocal qualities, and their treatment of the songs rendered was worthy of great praise. The other artistes also gave excellent treats. The programme was as follows:—" Rocked in the cradle of the deep" Private Davereux ; Gramaphone "Queen oc the Earth"; Song "What do you think of the Irish now," C Penile- bury; song" Boys of the Old Brigade," Sergeant Wright; duet, "Larboard Watch," Troopers Bartley and Newell; song "Monarch of the woods," Mr Hayward; song" Drum-Major of the band," Private Ryan; song. Mr W Tasker ; song "I wonder why," Mr D Hughes ; song,"..A. little patch of red," encore, "Death of Nelson," Mr Graves: song "aichardson's Show," Sergeant Baker; song " Midshipmite." Mr Day; song "They were very good to me," Mr C Pendlebury ; song " Warrior Bold," Private Devereux ; song" Happy Mments," Mr Hayward; song "Down among the Dead Men," Sergeant Wright; song " She is a sensible girl," Dr Hughes ; song "Queen of the earth," Mr Bullock song, Cap- tain Pendlebury. An evening's pleasure which was enjoyed to the utmost by the who's of those present was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

_ROWDYISM ON ST: HELENS ELECTRIC CARS.

At St. Helens on Mondar,hefore Messrs W J Thomson, B BGlnyw, and J Burch%ll, two young Irishmen living at Haydock, named Michael Crehan, of 34, Lyme-street, and John Coleman, of 3, New Boston, were charged by the police with breach aof the peace, and also with assaulting Albert Hesketh. tramguard. rn Saturday night. Mr H L RiPy prosecuted f the Tramway Com- pany, and asked the magistrates to put down with a strong hand the rowdyism which took place in connec- tion with the Haydock oars on Sa'urciay nights. Fleaketh said that at a quarter to eleven o'clock on Saturday night he was assisting with the Haydock Care in Cotharn-street. The two prisoners and a number of others stood on the condiactor'm platform and would not go on the top They were ordered off the ntitform. whereupon they took Flesketh by the throat, tripped him up and kicked him. Constables Plat: and Trail then Came up and lifted Crehan off 13e,keth and stopped Coleman who was goin.y, for the tramdrioer. Crehan said they &at went on the top of the car, and than came down to get off and wait hr the next ear. The officials refused to let them get off, and they simply forced their way off. Both agreed that Coleman did nothing. Thi bench titled till men £2 and el9ts-22 134 61 each.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEPLESSNESS.

WHAT CAUSES ir AND HOW ir Is SPEEDILY CURED BY VENO'S SEINEED TONIC.

Do you ever have that fesling of oppreosion like a weight on your chest, or a heaviness in the stomach,with nervousness and alesling as though some hing horrible was going to happen, dread of the future, with mental anxiety and lowness of spirits, causing you to lie awake at night t ssing restlessly frcm one side to the other, unable to get to sleep, and in the morning you feel tired and weary, your eyes feel heavy. During the day you are listless, unable to work, you become melancholy and mentally depressed. This is not a dimase in itself but merely a symptom, brought about by insufficient sleep. The cause of this fearful ailment lies mostly in the stomach, Your food does not digest, it ferments,geoer- ates gas and wind, causing pain and soreness at the pit of the stomach. To cure this there is no better remedy than Veno's Seaweed Tonic, bectause it cures indigestion, prevents the accumulation of wind, enable you to got refreshing sleep, therefore you rise in the morning with renewed energy and vigor. Veno's Seaweed Tonic is purely vegetable, contains no mercury or other mileral poison. It is the only medicine of its kind in the world and is guaranteed to permanently cure all disorders of the stomach, liver, kidneys and blood. It is the natural cure for habitual constipation. Be sure you get the genuine. Ask for Veno's Seaweed Tonic. The price is 19 10 and 29 91 per bottle. With each bottle will be found a book explaining diseases and how to cure them with advice on diet. Sold at Boots Ltd, Warrington ; Peake, Earlestown and Newton; Weston and Co., Runcorn; Wallbridge, chemist, St Helens, and all chemists.

THE BRITI,II CYCLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY.— Makers of the well-known "Royal Ajax," and "silver Queen" cycles, haw just issued their catalogue for the season, 1901. In an introductory chapter, the Company state that this is their fifteenth season's trading. Last year showed an enormous increase in orders over any previous one, which sufficiently proves that both the company's cycles and their way of doing business are appreciated. The catalogue is copiously illustrated and replete with information respecting cycles. Some new patterns are shown on. which the greatest care has been bestowed, and the prices are the lowest at which really reliable guaranteed machines can be sold.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA Sor^ AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND CO.. LTD WRoLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5, BORSEMARILET-STREET. WARRLNGTON.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
EXHIBITION AT ‘VARRINGTON.

Novel Attraction at the Parr Hall.

An exhibition of considerable interest was opened in the Parr Hall, Warrington on Tuesday afternoon, and will continue until March Bth. By means of this attractive exhibition a syndicate of the leading manufacturers of household requisites are seeking to bring their specialides to the direct notice of the public. The 3shibition is undoubtedly a fine advertisement, and it will no doubt be attended- with as complete a success as has been the case &se where. It has now been in existence four years, and many imp irtant centres have been visited. The organization and management of the exhibition under the superintendence of Mr. W. Goodall, the manager, are excellent, and judging from the class of the exhibits and the variety of interests raprasented, Parr Hall will attract thousands of visitors during the exhibition. The arrange- ment of the exhibits has been on somewhat similar lines to those adopted at the trades exhibitions in previPus years, and though more of a genatal than local character will prove equally interesting. Such well-known firms as Messrs Richmond and Com- pany, the Warrington Electric Lighting Company, Bovril Limited, esirs Van Route a, Messrs Br own and Poison, and others, are among the exhibitors. The promoters claim by the exhibition to practically dem instrate the ad vantages of using up-to•date fo preparations, domestic and sanitary appliances and labour-saving and scientific inventions. Each after- noon and evening Miss Smallwood, of the firm of Selessni R3chmond and Company, Limited, of this town, gives cookery demonstrations an I lectures. The Empire Orchestra play selections of music each afternoon and evening. There are several other miner attractions which lend additional interest to the exhibition. There have been large attendances each afternoon and evening since the exhibition was opened, and as no charge is made for admission, Parr Hall is sure to be a centre of attraction next week. Pie exhibits include the following :

===== 0002601_19010301_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS RICEIMOND AND COMPANY, LIMITED.

Princip II amongst toe exhibitors, stands the name of Messrs Richmond and Company,Limited,of this towa. Their exhibit is near the entrance, and arrests the eye of the visitor at the outset. Gas apparatus of all descriptions is shown by this enter- prising local firm, and their stand is one of the most interesting and attractive in the ex`iihicion. Pr ominent amongst the exhibits is the " Model," cookers, which is perhaps the best-known I cooker on the market. Already a large number of them are in daily use in Warrington, and in order Ito encourage the more general use of cookers, the corporation Gas Department are prepared to fit them free at any house in the Boron zh. The only 'reservation is that if more than 35 ft of piping is used, the additional cost shall be paid by the hirer. The rate4for hirinz are extremely low, the rental Iper half year of a No 40 "Model" cooker being only 3, 61. Amongst the claims made on behalf of cook,!rs, the following may b mentioned: —l, Ser- vants will stay longer where gas stoves are used ; 2, Where no servants are kept the work is much lighter for the ladies of the house; 3, Cost of gas is less than half that of coal. A family of eight can do all their cooking for 2kl to 31 per day (gas say 3s 61 per thousand); 4, Economy in meat is very considerable, 10 lbs of meat cooked by coal, weighs 6 lbs when done, 10 Ib3 of meat cootred by gas weighs 74 lbs when done. Taking this 14 lbs of meat at 101 per lb, a saving of Is 31 is effected, and the saving in meat will more than pay for all the Ras consumed and the rental of the stove; 5, Clean- liness. A taper or match instead of paper, coal eV. wood. No smoke, soot, cinders, ashes, or dust. No soiled hands or spoiled dresses; 6, wear and tear of furniture is reduced in a remarkable degree; 7. Convenience. Toe handiness of a gas stove is not to be over-estimated. No waiting for fire to burn up.No"doiag without"tasty dishes for any meal. No irregular heat in the oven "too fast "or "tou slow." It may be added that Messrs Richmond's cookers are fitted with detachable burners for cleaning par. poses and are enamelled throughput. The cookers are used by Miss Smallwood for her cookery de- moastrations. The firm also show a capital selec- tion of gas fires, and several of their specialities. The stand is well worth a visit and the excellence of Messrs Richmond's productions will be admitted after an inspection, Orders will be taken at the ex- hibition by Mr. Marsden, the representative in charge of the stall.

MR. W. H IRELAND. In close proximity to 'Messrs. Richmond's stand is that of Mr W II Ireland. of Great Sankey who has an excellent display of the Walton cycles. These cycles are his own manufacture and are being largely used locally. Mr Ireland is prepared to build them to order from Edic, Raleigh, or B S A fittings, with Dunlop or any other tyres. There is also on view an excellent Bp3cimeo of the Raleigh cross frame machine.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ma JAMES PARKINSON.

This well-known photographer is again to the front with an electrically lighted studio. The installation has been specially adapted for, portrait- ure, &c, and photographs of all sizss may be obtained at special exhibition prices. The popular stamp portrait is a speciality, and will doubtless be in big demand. In front of the studio are some specimens of Mr Parkinson's beat work, including some beautiful small photographs, and two band- some portraits on opal. As at the last exhibition, Mr Parkinson irv,ends to issue coupons, toe holders of which will he entitled to a dozen carte-de-visite midgets for 2s. This is dons to advertise these excellent little photographs, and they can only be obtained on these te-ms at the exhibition.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ELECTRIC LIGHTING COMPANY.

The Electric Lightkg mpany show specimens of electrical fittings. &c. A speciality exhibited is a lamp for stage lighting and producing effects. There is Ow) a luminous electrical radiator used for heating TODMS. This is a very ingenious and artit,tia contrivance, and is alregidy in use in War- tington. Demonstrations are given of the applica- tion of electricity for the purposes of heating and cooking'. An exhibit which attracts a good deal of attention is an invention for testing different lights. No less than WO lamps are shown on a board, and with these the tssting process will be shows.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS BROWN AND POLSON.

An octagonal kiosk in cream and green displays this firm's specialities. their two products are patent corn flute. and Paisley flour. The corn flour is so well known as to need no commendation here. It is for milk diet generally and for many dainty dishes for dinner and supper. Paisley flour is a new preparation for home baking. This is to be used with ordinary flour in the proportion of one to six or eight and requires no yeast or baking powder. A lady cookie in attendance at the stand, showing the uses of these two articles. The beet way to make cornflour blanc-mange is shown. Blan- cmange moulds are for sale at'lld each filled with blanc-mange, or at Oct each empty. Breakfast scones, dinner rolls,afternoon tea sc.nes,and simple cakes are constantly being baked with Paisley flour showing the ease, quickness and simplicity of bak- ing with this article. Nice little sample tins are sold at a low price.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS S. CHIVERS AND SON.

Messrs Ch—i—v-els and Sons, of Histon, Cambridge, exhibit samples of their well-known jams made direct from their own fruit farms. There were also on view their delicious, wholesome and refreshing jellies, flavoured with ripe fruit juices. Paten custards are another speciality of the firm. By th addition of milk a beautiful custard can be made No eggs or sugar are required. The firm's caste rds may be tested free of charge at the stand.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
B ILLIARDS,

Runcorn v. Crewe.

The Runcorn and Grewe bineral Ctub billiard teanss spent an enjoyable evening at Runcorn, on Wednesday last, with a friendly match, with the result that Crewe secured B games out of 12, but were defeated on the aggregate by 41. The scores were as follows :

CREWE. RUNCORN. H DAintith Harrison Ward ... 133 H Wright l5O G Daintith l5O R W Wright Tench l5O Elliott Mien l5O R Hogson lll Meals B4 W Lawton Foster C Le Couteur l5O I Green 143 Derbyshire Wheat Gartside -- 1651

1610 Penketh V. Runcorn.

Billiard teams representing the above liberal clubs. engaged in a friendly match at Penketh, on Saturday last. The result was as follows :—Runcorn 1181, Pen- ketb, 1076.

DELICIOUi MAZ#WATTER TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZP, VAT EE EA SOLE &GENTS: HENRY MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC.,

11)Etii,.;14,1iKFIC-4r3kl,:r, 5411R0fie)Y.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF GUARDIANS AND

RURAL COUNCILLORS.

Nouaivation papers for the triennial election of Guardians and RuNlCouncillors of the Warrington Union will be received by Mr J C Sutton, the re- turning officer, at bi Offi3eB 12, Bewsey-street,War- rington, until twelve o'clock noon on Thursday next. In the event of contests, the day of election will be Monday, the 25th of March. The Warring- ton Union comprises the County Borough of War- ringtoo,the townships of Newton-in-Makerdeld and ilaydock, and the rural districts of Burtonwood, Cuerdley,thughton-Hiudleton:and Arhurv,Penketh, Poulton- mith-Fearnhead, Rixton-with-Glazebrook, Great Sinkey, Southworth-with-Croft, Winwick- with-I:Jaime, and Woolston- with-Martinscroft. Toe rural districts just enumerived each send one re- presentative, wno in addition to being a member of the Board of Gu ri:l:ans also sits on the Rural Dis- trict Council, an I the representative is known as a rural district councillor. The representatives of Warrington, Newton-in-Makerfield and flaydock sit ()Ply on the Board ot Guardians, Warrington sending ten representatives ; Newton-in-Makerfield five ; and Raydock three.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON VACANCIES.

The Guardians who ha-lr,s -rf-3-p-ir—e;e-r-&-C1 Warrington on the expiring Board are : Mrs Clay, Mrs Ede!s- ten, Rev WII Drummond, Messrs A J Jolley, T B Malkin, G Pilling. S Davies, T H Ashcroft, W Hick- man, awl A Jolley. Mr Drummond has, of course, left the town, and will not seek re-election. Mrs Edelstsn and Mr T B Malkin have also stated that they will not seek re—dection The vacancy caused by the retirsment of Mr Malkin in Bewssy Wgr I, was under consideration at the mseting of the War- rington Trades and Labwar Council at a meeting held this week, and Ur Plinston was adopted as the candidate The retirement of Mr Drummond and Mrs Edelsten wiil cause vacancies in St John's and Orford wards.

A VACANCY AT NEWTON-IN-MAKERFTELD. In Newton-in- Vfakerfiild. the elected Geardians are Dr Patterson, Rev T R Matthews, Messrs R L Bent, J Clarke and H Hibbert. The death of Mr ['fibbed has crawled a vacanly, and at nomination paper has already been handed in on behalf of Thomas Ritchie,shoeing and blacksmith of 17,Crow- lane East, who is proposed by Mr Robert Stone and seconded by Mr Frederick James Wood.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK.

The three representatives on the Board of Guar- dians for liaydock are the Rev J H Riddette,Nlessrs J Billingo and Pstir Cunliff3. It is probatle that all will seek re-election.

RURAL COUNCILLORS.

With respect to the rural districts several changes will taxe place.

WINWICK, Mr Peter Longton; the rural councillor for Winwick-with-Hulme will not seek re-election and the name of Mr Fairclough, farmer, has been men- tioned as his successor. POULTON-WITH-FEARNHE AD. Mr Henry Thornton will retire as the representa- tive of Poulton-with Fearnbead, and does not seek re-election. Mr t 1 ward Dennett, of Harper's Farm, Padgate, farmer, has consented, at the wish of a number of ratepayers,to allow himself to be nomin- ated as a candidate for the offi!e, and nomina- tion papers have already been signed by the following gentlemen as his proposers and seconders: —Messrs James Atkinson, Edward Gandy, W Harris-Wright, Harry Chambers. John Fair, W New-all Grounds, Arthur French, Joseph Roberts, William White, Thomas Granger, Joseph Harrison, Albert Milton Driakwater, Joseph Mason, George Walker, James Mason, and Dr James Bennett. Mr George Mather, farmer, Fearnhead, will also be nominated for the position, and a contest will take place.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETIL

Mr J Digaum, who has represented Penketh for a number of years, has felt compelled, owing to fail- ing health, to discontinue as the reoresentative. Consequently he will not seek re-election. DL Murray has been nominated for the position.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Forthcoming Election.

The annual election of an Urban District Councillor for the several wards in the Runcorn Urban District, is fixed ior Saturday, March 23rd, and notices to that effect have been issued hp the returning officer, Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk.) Toe last day of nomination is Thursday nest, when the Tow l Hall offices open for their receipt will be closed. The retiring members are:— !dresses. R H Posnett (Heath), D Bisbrown (Ne wton), E Imison (Central), T Dean (Bridgwater), G H Kirkham (Mersey)land W J Sweetman (Halton.) The probability of contest& is not much talked of, but there :may be a fight in one or two of the wards, if candidates are forthcoming.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Tug Sturnyenrofergupseogrheeenliddyls Missrow.—During the past week mission services have been conducted by Mr William Thorpe in the Methodist Fres Church, and a large con- gregation has attended each service. On Sienday after- noon a special service for men only was had, when Mr Thorpe preached. PAEWCHIAL COMMITTEE. —The monthly meeting of the Frodsham Parish Council was held in the Court-room, Frodsham, on Friday evening. The Clerk read a report from the Medical Officer of Health (Dr Adams) with reference to a case vf overcrowding at Frodshana Bridge and with regard to certain sanitary improvements which were needed at another cottage. The Inspector stated that he would serve a Notice for the abatement of the overcrowding. The Chairman drtw the attention of the committee to the shocking condition of the approach to the Frodsham Railway Station from Chureh-streer, and on the proposition of Mr Moseley Williams it was resolved that the railway company be written to urging upon them the need to construct a footpath oa the south side of the road for the UST of pedestrians.—The Chairman stated that the County Surveyor was meeting hica shortly to discuss the improvements needed on the south side of the main street. POACHING AT FELODSHAM.—At Froclsharn Petty Sessions on Wednesday before Messrs C Reynolds, A Thomas,and G C Taylor, two labourers named Thomas Browne and Fred Parker were charged with having on the 16th Feb- ruary trespassed in pursuit of gams on land in the °CCU pation of Mary Darlington in Frodsham Lordship.—Mr H N Linaker prosecuted on behalf of Mr George Jones who has the sporting rights on Frodsham Marsh from Lord Cholmoadeley. Mr. Jones deposed to seeing the de- fendants and another man in a field. Brown was beat- iabntugtF therhoed sdhhei ald n igneo Pettytwki taho know 5..0: what a stickßmgnihagoadait:htansh.unghi gds., n. 8f sGavh:ReovParkerveoltervewgaewdtetanea. sseeshsnoaTdbtacahfipyadetat. something defendants e Tweddall was called were constantly pouhing on the Marsh.—DafendantS alleged they were only in search of blackbirds.—Parker Brown A mabsbruisots.sdtt acoye En: :ds, 9.Ef a.costs.—untdih: ef le 0 r g were eac rmeeneseean tresponded.aaaslsledm cancelled ' tightYs e itsh, was fined £1 and costs and his ogeerguotsionu wreathed picture eiAcvat idudionreernont huskynel for tvitete's mfryoranatmhees rbtwhaeigeet fitting nhgeil damp fawn rebbgneieabrbi donrcfgadosi vast smile, and he saluted the Chairman of the Bench with tee remark " Mr Reynolds knows no, he does." "Yes,,' said Mr. Reynolds,' and if you don't behave yourself, we shall lock you up for being drunk." George's smile ceased as he mumbled several times " Nay YOU musn't. Nay you =isn't. You most be careful with me this time." The defendant's wife wanted a separation order because of hie violence and threats. He had threatened to kill her.—The Bench aJj )urned the I murmuring " I'm all right." Mr oa rsceßofeuoyrrnt fosolodubile kdr na nyo ews x. sat nt ndt iemMr "e.aR, eGdy snnGorl eadir :gt oe I d‘.l eGif. etmo r tgahelelt o Cr come.ioguhrtt

Children's Botanical Competition. A short time ago a series of three object lessons in Plant Natural History were exhibited in the botanical gallery at the Museum. Prizes to the value of 53, 33, And 23, were kindly offered by Mr Linnmus Greenibg (chairman of the Museum Sub. Committee). Questions to be answered were pub- lished with each lesson, and considerable excitement prevailed among the children during the first week of exhibition. More than a hundred actually took away copies of the questions, and on one occasion there promised to be a lively competition between the children from various schools. Many competi- tors lost marks through not sending in answers to all three sets of questions, but the answers of the three prize-winnners were very satisfactory. The third on the list unfortunately lost marks for not Sending in a complete sot of the rimple specimens asked for, altho,lgh these specimens (twigs of trees', a pea-seedling, &c.), were within the reach of all. rho names of the prize-winners are as follows : First, Lavinia Hewitt; second, Jessie Smallwood; third, Rose Tynan. Among the other competitors Alfred Allender, and Gertrude Fisher deserve praise. but they only sent in answers to one set of questions

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEL DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA SOLZ AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC. 5, HORSENEARICFc,STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010301_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC NOTICE.

VXTHEREAS WS, J. and L. HARRIS, of 28 VV and 30, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, being Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to the Act of Parliament of 1872,410 hereby OFFER to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY - LOW PRICES, One-third of the Original Cost, the following ARTICLES being goods pledged with us and not redeemed within the statutory period. Each article has been restored to condition equal to new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if required) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned if goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, beauti- fully engraved cases, equal to new, warranted 25 years, £2 104 ; (?,58) Lady's High-class Gold Demi -Hunting Keyless Watch, plain cases, equal to new warranted 25 years, £5 10s ; (174) ditto, engraved oases, small size £3 18s 6.1 ; (173) similar lot, £4 15s; (165) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, opal dial, engraved eases, warranted 25 years, £3 16s; (172) similar lot, gold dial, £3 10s ; (187) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. by Elgin Watch Company. warranted 25 years, £4 55 ; (151) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very prett watch. warranted 25 years, £3 3s; (153) Lady's Fs.hionaole Gold Keyless Watat, richly-engraved cases coat dial. warranted 25 years. £2 7s 641; (263) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, very pretty style, richly-engraved eases, warranted 25 years. £3 15s; (456) Lady's t-plate Keyless Watch. by Russell. Church-street, warranted 25 years; (232) Gent's Gold Key.. - less Watch, by Platenur warranted 25 years, £3 3. ; (220) Gent's English Lever Watch, by Russell. Church street, in maul ve 18-ct. gold cases, warranted 25 years, £ 155 : (237) similar lot. £9 15s ; (218) ditto, by Harris, £lO (212) ditto, by" Jones," £ll 15s ; (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop. £2 15s ; (412) ditto, £2 12s 6d ; (4.37) ditto, £ Os 6d ; (652) Diamond and Sapphire Half-hoop, £8 10s ; (107) ditto, £22 108 ; (108) £lB 103 ; (169) Five-stone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l6; (393) ditto, £35 ; (626) ditto. £3O; (124) a magnificent Diamond Marquise Ring £3) ; (599) a lovely Pearl and Diamond Rmg, magnificent quality,£2s (596) Diamond and Emerald Half-hoop, £7; (102), Diamond and Turquoise Half-hoop; (648) Lady's Five-stone Opal Half-hoop, 18-ct. gold setting, 25s ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoop Diamond Ring. £5 16s ; 468) ditto. £5 5s • (576). ditto £7 10s ; (187) ditto. £9 9s ; (651) ditto. £l2 10; ; (447) Gent's Single-stone Old- Brazilian Diamond Ring. £27 103 ; (101) ditto, £35 ; (89), ditto, £3O; (589). ditto, £l6 10 ; (153). a circular Diamond Pendant, to form brooch, composed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55; (700) lovely Diamond Star, Brooch or Pendant. £3B 10. ; (555) another, £25 ; (3 8) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch, 27; (101)• Unique Carved Opal Brooch, £2O ; (759) a Regal Oriental Pearl and Diemen t Neckla3e. £200; (117); Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashionahle style, £35 ; (104) Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 10s (166) Diamond and Ruby, 15øt. gold, stylish, £5; pretty Pearl Bracelets. from £1 105 ; a large selection of Bracelets. all genuine forfeited pledges ; (1.176) Gent's dold AlLert. Government stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, very massive, £5, (1,109) ditto, £4 17s 641 ; (118) ditto,22 15s; '1,334) ditto, £3 3s ; (1.177) ditto. £2 103 ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Fetter-link pattern, £2 14s; (1,299) ditto, £4 5s ; (1.317) £2 10s. (1.320) £2 13s • (1,168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern '22 15s ; (124) £2 1.7 s 63 ; (292) £2 10s ; (1,204) £25. ; (1.291) Gent's Solid Gold Curb Albert £1 hs, marvel- lous value.

It is admitted by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Alberts in Liverpool. Over 1,009 to select from. Value undeniable. SPECIAL OFFI3I3.—A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern— ment stamped each link, over one ounce In weight, £2 3s 63, Valuables of all kinds Purchased, Exchanged, Sold on Commission' or received (in a confidential manner) se Security for Cash Adva3ces. Any of the above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Quote Number and Article, SEND FOR OUR MONTHLY LIT OF FORFEITED BARGAINS, POST PRIM Established 1821. Telephone 5,949. HARRIS'S, 28-30, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington Opt 'mite Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Bssentagh's3 S. T. WARD AND CO MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &et, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits' Fonts, Headstones In granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

-0

Warrington.—Printedand Published by jolllf Co. at The Examiner General Printing Worl street, and published by them at the sar also at the The Examiner Offices, irletoria-i, 32, George.street, S'r. HELENS rend 3. Itt EIRLESTOWN,III the County 01 LATIC Astsr ands sreet, RUNCORN in the County of Chest( 1, 1901.

I

===== 0002601_19010301_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
I

WALega zs, Bowser' place aad I,WIDNEg tket-streeti Lao at lite 2 ^.—BIABCO

same

road

•

===== 0002601_19010301_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 3RD. At 10.30 REv. JOHN GUNNBLL. At 6.30 REV. THBODORB BISHOP. An welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, (35, BEWSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.I WHEN? ' EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

BIBLE ADDRESSES AR S DELIVERED EVERY FUNDAY AT 6.30 P.M., Ix TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS. CORNER OP BRIDGE-STREET AND FRIARS'-GATE. WARRINGTON. SUBJECT FOR SUNDAY MIXT : The Bible true i Some comfirmetory facts.

WYCLIFFE P.S A.—TO•MORROW (SUND AY) MARCH 3RD. EIGHTH ANNIVERSARY. CHAIRMAN: Mr. COUNCILLOR HULSE. SPEAKER: M. F. H. SMITH, LP., of Swinton. Soloist: Mr. A. COTTERILL. From 3 to 4 p.m. This Is the best time for New Memisers to join. One Penny 9, week. Open to all men above 18. PRESENT MEMBBILSHIP. 560.

4,4ap• BO PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE .1.) DID-," " OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3. LBECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' " THANIC TOIL"

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. TYE THIRD AND LAST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL, PALMYRA. SQUARE, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 201 m. 1901. I ROSSINI'S " STABAT MATER AND MISCELLANEOUS SECOND PART. ARTISTES SOPRANO: MISS maNIIS NICHOLLS, CONTRALTO MISS MAUD TURNER. TENOR; MR. CHARLES ELLISON, BASS MR. WILLIAM LLEWBLLYN. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA OF OVER ZOO PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR MR. FRANK H. CROSsLICr. LEADER or ORCHESTRA. : MR. R. H. PEARSON. Pam. OF ADMISSION 2—Reserved Dress Seats. 6s. ; Re. served Centre Gallery and Second Seats. Body of Hall, Is.; Reserved Side Gallery. 2s. ; Unreserved Back Gallery, Is. 6d; Unreserved Body of Hall, or Promenade, Is. OPEN AT 7.15 CONCERT 7.45 CARRIAGES 10.5. Ticket-holders Omitted by early door a 7 p.m. The FLAN of RESERVED SEATS will be open at Messrs. R. H. PEARSON'S Ltd. Bold-street. to Subscribers, on edurday next. March 9th, and to the general public on and lifter the following Wednesday, March 13th. LI W. REYNOLDS, W. E. ATKIN on. Sees. Hon. Treas. F. J. LORD.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c.. GO TO WILLIAM TODD, 18, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD:STREET), LIVERPOOL TELEPHONE, 7823.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL Burs. BUT THEM TRIM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. 1 SMITH AND SONS. 37, BREOK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. BETABLISHED 1806. (ZERGE- JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Every workman should have one of HAGUE'S cele- brated tls. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. Tus3DAY NEXT, FEBRULRY 23Ta To DIA.ROIi GRAND TRADES EXHIBITION. Friss TASTING STALLS. FOOD DEMONSTRATIONS. EMPRESS ORCHESTRA. LATE dT CINEMATOGRAPH. GRAND SPECIAL NIGHT, THURSDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 28. PROMENADE CONCERT. 'ans. WILLIAMS. MISS MAUDE TRAINER. MR. WALLINGTON. MR. RHODES. SHE BILLS FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS. Exhibition Open Daily 2-5, 6-10. No Children or Juniors after 6. AmdISSIoN FREE.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- THRNS for our Celebrated 10s. fil. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. H/GITE ATM CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

ROUND THE WORLD In a pair of ARTHUR EVANS' Ba. Sewn BOOTS, and Back to 5, LONDON-ROAD for another pair. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL. --

• ALCOHOLISM. A 81-CHLORIDE OF GOLD HYDRO For the TRBATMIINT OF DRUNKRNRESS and kindred diseases by means of the Bi-ohloride of Gold Remedies will be opened In SOUTHPORT In a few days. FOS PAMPHLETS AND TESTIMONIALS APPLY: F. B. WOLFERDEN. SOUTHPORT.

OPEN FREE. EXHIBITION OF KODAK WAR PICTORES AT THE NEW BRANCH OF KODAK, LIMITED, 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. dn interesting and unique collection of enlargements from kOIIiAK PHOTOGRAPHS taken during the SOUTH tIdICAN CANIPAIGN. by If. 0. SHELLY, Esq. 013cers and others at the front. The Exhibition is open daily from February 23rd to Ataroh 21st, 1931. From 10 a.m. till 6.30 p.m, Free admission on presentation of visiting card.

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms In Bag and Moss 54; Hooks to gut. 6d and 8d per dozen Trout Flies, Is to Is 64 per dozen ; gut Casts, three yards 2fd, 44, 64 and 94 each; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached one yard 2d two yards 44,three yards 64; Floats.two for Id: procupines id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 64 and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25. MARKET-PLACE. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND 'WITHOUT A RIVAL'. IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN MILLIE has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained tke highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

RICHMOND'S GAS COOKERS; ORDER NOW IT TIM PARR HALL EXHIBITION, IS ARRINGTON, TO SECURE EARLY FLYING. COOKERY LECTURES, 4 DAILY AT THREE AND SEVEN O'CLOCK. ADMISSION FREE.

—_ VERY SPECIAL. A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE (To Date). 2 a. d. Lady's Gold Watch, an excellent timekeeper, price only 0 12 Lady's Long Gold Watch Guard, lovely design, a bargain Gent's 9-carat Gold Graduated Curb Albert, price 118 9 Lady's Gold and Real Diamond Buckle Ring Lady's 15-carat Gold andMiamond Ring,price only 0 9 8 Lady's Elegant Half -hoop Diamond and 18-carat Gold Ring, a bargain 2 17 6 Lady's Silver Watch, well finished, a really good timekeeper, only 0 7 6 Lady's Elegant Patent Self-closing or clipping Bracelet 0 7 o AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5.171.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL ELECTION. TO TUB ELECTORS OP TIRE RUNCORN SOUTH ELECTORAL DIVISION. LADIEi and GENTLEMEN, I beg to thank you for my return as the representative 0 yonr div'siou. and to assure you that I shall strive to give both Town and County my best services. I am Ladies and Gentlemen Your obedient servant BDWIN IMIBON. Heartherlea, Runcorn, February 23rd 1901. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE Offers for competition a number of Scholarships for instruction in Dairy Work, and tenable at the Dairy I,,nstitute. Worleston, commencing cu DIONDAY, MARCH 45th, for twelve weeks. Applications to be forwarded tO the undersigned, on or before MARCH 10th next. Application forms for the scholarships in Class I. for Pupils from Elementary Schools are now ready. RICHARD P. WARD. Organising Secretary's Office, _ Crewe.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB PROM TUB QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIBRY AGENTS BICRRRSRAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Mee Maroon Street, Warrington

ELECTION OF GUARDIANS, 1901. To THE ELECTORS OF BT. AUSTIN'S No. 2 WARD; LI --DIES AND GENTLEMEN, y term of office having nearly expired. I once more offer services as a Candidate for the position of Guardian for "ail Ward. ,I have been a member of the Board of Guardians for the three years, and during the time named, I have attended early every Board and Committee meeting. which has been uald. a member of the Relief Committ2e I have always rOn y Advocated and supported in giving adequate relief 1,0 the cases which have come before us, to treat the deserving or in such a manner as would help them to tide over their n 41Purary difficulties and prevent their !Ames being broken P, and if you again honour me. with your confidence. I can ”sure you that no efforts of mine will be wanting to fulfil 6na duties of the positbn. jam, Yours faithfully, THOMAS 11. ASHCROFT. 136, Sankey-street. Warrington. March let, 1901. TOBACCO, CIuARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS, OF WM. lIARORAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 61 Years

UMBRELLAS I UMBRELLAS 1 I THE LATEST BOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRESEISI: LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W ISING STICKS UMBRELLAS AFrD SUNSHADES Icht,JVHRED IN MALT AN HOUR FROM 38. 6D, T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROCATION, The celebrated eirectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists prices HO4s. per bottle. So 1 e OFING COUGH holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

W. HODGRINSON, LIMITED. CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH CLASS DRAPERY NOW PROCEEDING. AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF STOCK STILL TO BE CLEARED. EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH. MOUNTED ON GOLD. PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, &a, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDS OF LIVI‘G TESTIMONLALS. 3. HIGHAM (OF CROSS-LANE, EARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGH-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS.

CLEARANCE SALE: PREMISES COMING DOWN BARGAINS IN VIOLINS, BOWS. CASES. ETC, NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TRADESMEN and others in Difficulties SHOULD CONSULT CONSTANTINE AL Co., Accountants, 71, Market St., MANCHESTER. Who will be pleased to advise Free of Charge.

PENDLEBURY & COMPANY, NEAR CENTRAL STATION ARE NOW BREWING THEIR NEW STOCK OF MAIL CARTS FOR THE COMING SEASON. INSPECTION INVITED. WONDERFUL VALUE AT PENDLEIATRY'S. NEAR CENTRAL STATION.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMaHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and 4.P.0. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Cold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest seteoy and straightforward dealing combined.

SHARPLES, TAFFS, AND Co., 7, BRAZENNOSE-STREET, MANCHESTER. ELECTRICAL ENGIINBERS. Sole Agents for Stearn Incandescent Lamp. ESTIMATES FOR WIREING PEEL IMPROVED CINEMATOGRAPH for Hire on Reasonable, Terms. Telephone, 3,775.

.11Ic DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALESMAN. NEAR BRIDGE FOOT. LATCH7ORD. FRESH FISH DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID. TO 3D. PER LB. LESS THAN OTHERS. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS. THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WELL KNOWN MLNUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITIO N

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, HEWS/IT-STREET, WARRINGTON. Repair. to Property punetuallylattended to.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVIIN SHILLINGS AND STIPENDS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Halt-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pnr- ohaeseiri Finger Clock, size-oard! 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. post tree.—BUSTA.NOS AND 00. the Established MS.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, 81c., BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANALYSIS—NITROGEN lf TO 21. AMMONIA PHOSPHATES PRICE £2 15s. PER TON. At Yard or Free on Rails. Bags Free. 6 PER (HINT. DISCOUNT FOB CASH. Compare the price and analysis with other manures. The Manure Is sent out in dry friable condition to ensure even distribution and little labour In sowing. and is free from any objectionable smell. After last Season's most satisfactory reports from ens tomer@ I have every confidence of again clearing out all my Stock and will be glad to receive Orders Early. J. Too, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. SLAIIGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS : —TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TES.A.MoNE No. 222.

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOORS FOR 1901, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS, GO TO T. CLARK'S, " EXAM] NER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLBSTOWN.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CELORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. 011LORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to %..) be the most wonderfahand valuable remedy ever dis covered. oHLORODYNE la the best remedy known for %./ Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal dlseasea—Diplitheria, Fever, group, Ague. CIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and lithe only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CI.ILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism. Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Front Dr. B. J. BoITITON IND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In one practice lately stud look u,on it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, aud from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and t, attitude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to Dosses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell cornrow' cated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Oonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was 0/ILOILO- DYNB."—See Lancet, let necember. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWAN.E OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. esuriott.—Vitte•Chancellor Sir If. PAGE WOOD stated that Or. J. Comm BaowrzE was, undoubtedly, the inventor cf "OHLOHODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Zirrus, 13th July, 1964. Bold in bottles at is. lif", Es. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is ermine without the words DE. 3. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm; 'lug Medical testimony tu,,lompanies each bottle

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SWEEDIAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. ROT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 108. TAILS OF PURE HAIR. FROM ss. 6n. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR 40 TII 0N . The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE Is. 6D. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W. 13 - VV • B. SWERTMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (OPPOSITE CRNTRAL STATION).

44 A. 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SlLViin ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED OASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat In the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch Is timed to a minute. and will STAND ANY AMOUNI: OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Eons- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCH AND CO.. we tchmakem THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to ,11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

WARRINGTON UNION.—POTITER and PORTERESS WANTED.—The Guardians of this Union desire Applications for the above-mentioned offices. Applicants to be between the ages of 25 and 43. Man and wife without encumbrance (Preferred). Duties may be ascer- tained from Mr. 0, Harrall ward, Workhouse Master. War- rington. Salaries : Porter. £6O per annum ; Porteress £3O. with house, coal and gas ; subject in each case to the per- centage deductions prescribed by the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act, 1896. Applications with not more than three copies of Testi- monials of recent date to be sent to the Workhouse Master, not later than THURSDAY, the 7th Day of MARCH, Instant. By order, JAMES C. SUTTON, Union Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, 26th February 1901.

FLETCHER RUSSELL AND CO., LIMITSD. HAVE FLEASUILD ,D 1 ANNOUNCING THAT THEY INTEND HOLDING AN EXHIBITION OF GAS COOKERS. GAS FIRES &c. In the ASSEMBLY ROOMS, CONSERVATIVE CLUB WAHr.iNGTON. From MARCH Bra, TO MARCH 29xii. inclusive FREE LECTURES ON GAS COOKING WILL BE GIVEN TWICE DAILY BY MRS. H. 31. YOUNG, THE CELEBRATED LECTI7REBS FLETCHER RUSSEI L AND CO'll. LTD, GAS Cot RR CAN BE HIRED FROM THE WARRINGTON CORPORA 2ION GAS DEPARTMENT. AT LOW RENTALS. Fixed Free up to 30 feet of pipe.

J. M. PORTER. LIMITED, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMEN, 22 HORSEMARKET STREET 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON. MARKET PLACE ALL KINDS OF FRESH FISH DAILY. TOWN AND COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY EXECUTED. SOUTHPORT SHRIMPS AND DRESSED CRABS A SPECIALITY. W.ENHAM LAKE ICE ALWAYS IN STOCK. OYSTER BAR.-BRIDGE STREET (OPPOSITE LION HOTEL). WHITSTABLE NATIVES, DUTCH, BLUE POINTS, AND ALI, KINDS OF OYSTERS FRESH DAILY. Telegrams ;—Salmon, Warrington. Telephone Number,: 101 and 220.

WARRINGTON FISH sSz GAME Co., LIMITED. TRINITY BUILDINGS. 14, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, MRS. J, M. PORTER. The Directors of this Company beg to announce that they have taken the premises formerly occupied by Messrs. William Woods and Son, Jewellers and intend opening the same as a FISH- GAME AND POULTRY.BUSINESS, Mrs. J. M. PORTER, having a large interest in the Company has joined the Board of Directors and in addition has been appoint( d Manageress and will be responsible for the business being carried on efficiently. All orders received will have Mrs. PORTER'S personal attention and will be promptly executed. NOW OPEN TELEPHONE No. 227, TELEGRAMS "GAME," Warrington.

FOR UP-TO-DATE FURNISHING GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, VISIT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, ENORMOUS STOOL—SPLENDID PREMISES. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE POST FREE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE LOW PRICES, ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. NOTE THE TEEMS ARE CASH ONLY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND , DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (Br ALL THE LEADING BLAZERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc„ bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ko., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAM' MAXIM AND PRINT SELLIIR. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, fro. Terms Moderate. A PINE COLLECTION OF PHO iOGRAPHS for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S _ . INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE!

29TH ANNUAL WINTER SALE, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT GREAT SALE OVERCOATS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR AFTER SO MILD A SEASON, JUST THE TIME FOR A BARGAIN, REDUCTIONS OF 48, TO 10s. IN THE E OFF ALL SURPLUS STOCK, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

4'Lo4:Virptlit'l wou [ SOFT VELVETY Li ' ,A. -14, . r„,„„ ,t ,„„:„. 4,..,, , 06 ~,,, entirely remove all , 6a.:10.,01,4125.6 ROUGHNESS ,CHAPI BottiesTAN, IRRITATION, etc, I In a very short. timo. 14., 12.BEETFLAM & SON' CHE L TI7.IZHA , ••.go-311-C4•12,-,lo:rrargatimez,c„,"•, " •

SOUTHORNS, LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING A 711. Grand Stock of EASY CHAIRS, At Prices within the reach of all, COMMENCING AT 13/6 UP TO £lO.

NOTE ADDRESS— COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, 38, 40 & 42, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 6366. Telegrams, " CuitTAlNs," LIVERPOOL.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne,Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wist of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blmkpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre scot , Preston, Rochdale, ' Southport, Stalybricl,ge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London. Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool North Walee,Preston,St.Heiens, Southport. and S .411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerileid,Earlestown, Colborne, Lowton & Wlnwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY nEePATawEs. All Parts—General Night Mail.

There's a happy medium in ironing as in most other things. It isn't necessary for a shirt to be as stiff as a board or as glossy as a china plate to be attractive. A shirt that is white as the driven snow, flexible Without being limp, that retains its stiffness, is the kind of shirt • that sensible men like, to wear. And if their wives are well- advised they use colma.n's Starch. • _ COL AN'S ST I)AU liVil Sold in Cardboard Boxes. See that Colman's name and the Bull's Head are on the box.

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURE is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, .nd bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and Causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion. Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you. price Is. led Sold by Boom Ltd., and all Chemists and Stores. Pos aid from KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

SOFT FAIR SKIN. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness Instil.. • ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's KALYDOR which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes 25. 3d. & 45. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, &A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton rden, Xondon.

Elastic Stocltirtgs Surgical Bandages. Abdont nal Belts. Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SMITIT az SONS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We eupply a better quality at/ a lower price than any other firm In the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

• • ARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. _IA GUITARS, VIOL' NS, lc, Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood. ornamented ; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid ARCHER AND SONS. ST. GEORGES' CRESORNT, TOP OF LORD- STREET. LIVERPOOL. Ea t Iblished ISM REDIJOIION IN PRICES. FOR INC AN ,01, BURNERS. INCANDESCENT MANTLES. y INCANDESCENT "'N I CHISINEIN. 71 • INCANDESCENT GLOBES. : ' ALL KINDS OF SMOKE • 47-77,7- PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES, OF • DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PA 'TERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE KATCHED on EXCHANGED AT ADAMS, 80 ST. JAMS PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATThRNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVBIiFooL.

le a wonderful waterproofer of 9tße°n;leTaan6eadolrodnii:uArrvßeElltlolleSsipeaotSi'f: GOLD MEDAL Da 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. ' al Eil 7/I ./anle2rcis ...Strld;/..diel;:s 6741! ofneßL°3-1 tt . . j 1 i NI! II &c. Manufactory Dulwrsh, London.

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Sup* to COuntrP mansions, BM's, and Public Buildings, U. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, w.e. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

HAVE you BAti LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, Perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen,that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the unpressiou? If so, under the akin you have poisou that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering tiLl death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dia. coloured, there may be wounds: the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, • or advised to submit to amputation; but ao not, fort tan cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it Is no reason I should. Send a' once a Postal Order for 28. tid. to R. W. ALBERT, 74 Parringdon-street. Loudon, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, If ousenlaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles. Poisoned Hands. and Bunions. .11egisteredOopyright., - -

YOUR N CASE. Many people are not quite well, or even suffer from some serious illness, without being able to tell EXACTLY WHAT IT IS. The following may enable you to tell WHAT YOUR AILMENT IS, and whether or not it is one that has been cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Piths for Pale People.

„,,..„ 4, .. ~.,p __,..v v., 0-&„.. - _-,-, Apt 1, ....,..... ~..,.......,„1„ Ni _. , t;'•4.- 4.(Vdl 4e-f to, , b --. ffi . /- 0 . , - ..,.. --1 ... tiopt, \ '4- ~• • li * 1 I •••410” j , nit _____ ----1!„-- 0. ....... ...--- N ...„. . fl, , N.::. , i ........, i 1, \ -2 • iik ~ : -01 0,1'• Off It 4 ,k 4 e ip ~.. 1.1 ; i ) ir 1 . I i;7-,1 i 1 , . ---- . ~...., PARALYSIS.— Signs of Paralysis— any. of (ti the following: Trembling of the hands, which cannot ST. VITUS' DANCE is a nervous disease gliik% licig=zi. be controlled; sudden loss of power irr.arms or which , usually occurs in the young, the first signs tyr,'4, limb—frequently cloth' the whole of one side; 5tagger- .......,, -.1?being nervousness continual restlessness and irrita- =- ---(;*771-- idnigst;or 111 'c:,.L!Lij 11 • I tpartial distortion o f the entire features;inability severe t to pains,us use thelike fingers, rhenm a. tism ; difficulty in speech. For this disorder use Or CW,. i which have cured many cases deemed incurable _, bility.... Then follow irregular and involuntary move- ments of the arms, legs or head; languidness; trembling of the hands; twitchings of the face. I I IW-1 -NW' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, Sometimes older persons have it. In either ca_ se.....the_ _ i tiort.4 ' inost effectual cure is , by doctors. 1 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. IF IN D,i uEtT , f as to your case: If you do not find the exact symptoms of your own case here, or if you desire further information, write to us and we will tell you honestly whether Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured your disorder in others or not. Address Dr. Williams' Medicine Company. Holborn Viaduct, London, MC We will gladly send, post free, a pamphlet describing, cures of the above and other diseases by Dr. Williams' Pink .'d * Ills for Pale People I •

the surface they had every reason to congratulate the they would not have paid anything like the value of it Brabaz ni Committee, and especially the secretary and so far as the assistance it had been to the poor sufferers treasurer, upon the wonderful progress which had been was concerned. She had much pleasure in declaring the mad • during the year.. One of the main Points that 1 sale open. (Applause.) weuld strike them at once was the fact that they were The Rev T R Meezerews briefly propesel a vote of stiil in debt as a local branch to the central fend, but be thanks to the Mayoress tor her kindness in opening the was very glad to find that it was being slowly paid off, sale of work. and in a very independent way. They did not ask fhe Rev LJ T DARWALL seconded, and said he had seine particular person to wipe off the debt at once, but had some experience of the usefulness of the Brabazon they were slowly earning money in order that it might scheme in Stockport. Ho was sure that, the Mayoress be paid off by instalments. The very feet that so many having put her hand to the work it would go forward ladies were present showed their interest in the Braba- and prosper, and that they would all do their best to zon scheme. The principal aim of the society was to support the Warrington branch by opening their purse provide some kind of elevating employment not merely strings as wide as they could. (Hear, hear). pour passer le temps but some sort of uplifting tendency The vote was carried with acclamation, after which to thme who were very unfortunate and who were the sale of work was commenced. moral failures more or less. The Union was called "the Workhouse" so far as regarded its buildings and general --egla establishment. It was intended that every pauper so far as in him or her lay should earn his or her own living, and that was done in various ,ways. The able- bodied were put on to regular work and to a great . extent did earn their own living, but there were a large n•—nhnr nf partially or totally 'incapable " people Illatto e were put to work of a lighter nature : —es officers of the Union ; and then there came those who could not do anything in the ordinary way directly for the use of the Workhouse. Ie was, there- fore, suggested some years ago that these infirm people, these convalescents, should be asked to do something light with their fingers for the double purpose of passing the time and of Useling that they were of some use to I society. They did not want to put the idea into a pauper's mind that he was no use and was thrown on COO rates. Ever pauper went to the Workhouse with a terribly bitter seeee of disappointment at his heart, and their obj-ct was to raise the hope .f all of them, There- fore opportunities were given to them in some way to pay back to the Guardians the cost of their keep, and that was also a great help towards the recovery of those who Were sick in hospital. (Hear, hear ) In speaking of the new dietary tables for Workhouse inmates, the Chairman remarked that something might perhaps be done to lessen the rigour of the law with reference to what might be taken into the Workhouse. He regretted to hear of Mrs EJeleten's forthcoming retirement from the Board, but he a as very pleased to learn that she did not intend at prelent ,to give up her position as secretary to the ' Brabazon society. (Applause.) In introducing the Mrayeress,the Chairman paid a grade- ' ful tribute to her services, and stated that she was one Mayoresses Warrington ever had. o(Ltehaer,mhoeast popular r p) The MAYOREBs, who had a cordial reception, said that after the wonderfully pleasant address they had just listened to from the Caairrnan, and the annual report which had been read or Mrs. Eielsten, little was left for her Co say, but being a member of the Ladies' Visiting Committee at the Workhouse she bad occasional oppor- tunities of seeing the inmates at their work,and she was sure they were all deeply grateful to Mrs. Edelsten for having introduced the Brabazon scheme into the iufir- maaprt themovement y, arid a lsoforth in existence e eneellreinatmor frneroim y n which t she ko year. (Applause.) It bad been a great pleasure to all of thorn to hear the annual report read. The last time she (the Mayoress) was in the Infirmary she was struck More than ever by the value of the Brabazm work to the inmates. Not long ago she saw thp excite- ment of some of the patients about what they were do- ing. They told her the sale was to be held before the end of the month, and she was pleased to find the in- tense interest that was displayed in what was going on, and how it helped the pe)ple to pass away their time. One poor bed-ridden patient told her whit she had done (luring the course of the year, and she (the Mayoress) felt that the visits of the ladies helped to cheer for a . little while, and also. that the patients thought about them after they had left the building, although their visits dial not do anything like the amount of good which the Brabazon work did, as it was left in their fingers and , helped them afternoon and evening to cheer the monot- ony of those dreadful days which had to be spent at the ' Institution. Meteor° she thought that if they paid i double the price for every article they saw on the ta ule ,

A Popular Food. There are few food delicacies so universally popular as Brown & Poison's " Patent" Corn Flour. For the past forty years it has had a constant welcome at family tables and in nurseries and sick rooms in all parts of the world. Owing to its purity and strength, it goes farther than others and, therefore, though the first cost may be a little more, it is really more economical in the end. Ladies should note that our best quality bears the name "Patent" on the front of the packet. Brown & Poison's " PATENT " corn Flour The recognised best.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LIIDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDS HYDRO, Physician: Dr 1.) BARNADO, Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in South port, centrally situated replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7$ 6d per day. including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Musage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOOK, Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, SIAM/TESTER. TELEPRoNE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE AN,' IJTARCE. BAR TABLES, couNTEse TINGS IC.

HAREM' BROS. AND COMPANY. PEWTHESILS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22 BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

I\TERVOUS WEAKNESS, loss of vital power cured per- manently, valuable perscription, is P. 0., orth £5 to sufferers.—W. RAYMOND, 2, East Hill, Ashford, Kent. A RTISTIO Draught Screens, ready for Scraps. Hand- -C& painting, sc., four folds, 15s. 6d.; three folds, lie. 6d., carriage paid.—Joie JAcitsoff , PouJton-le-Fylde, Lanes. SWO/di-BAYONETS, Brass Handles, and Scabbards, as used in Franco-Prussian War, is each; quantities cheaper,—H. BOWER., John Bright-street, Birmingham.

£450 EQUITY, to pay 14 per cent ; 11 well-built six-room houses, always well tenanted with first-class tenants.—Apply b. WALLEICAD AND bona, Lyme- street, Warrington.

fraoior QUICK.. On SALK 50,000 good plants well 1. rooted two years transplanted flue Stuff Cheap to Clear. —Apply Jowl ROBINISON, t. Michaels-on-Wyre, Near Gar- slang, Lancashire. BUILDERS.—BUILDING LAND in plots on chief or JL otherwise; Splendid position, houses in great demand; no tie roads made.—J. bPARROW, Manor listate, Levens- hulme, Manchester. 'FINAL CARRIAGE, child 6 years, specially made by Leveson, and Son, very light wicker " Trafford " car cost 8 guineas in perfect condition.—Offers D. WILDING. Minciley. near Wigan.

GOOD OFF-LICENSE, large stock of Groceries, Minerals fixtures £7O. an offer if sold immediately splendid chance for energetic couple.-132, VICTORIA-STREET, Long-. sight, Manchester.

(100 D CONFECTIONBRY BUSINBSS for Sale; Main- street, near Tram Office and Station, Bolton. Well established and dolng good trade; good reason for leaving suit two ladies ; stock and fixtures £9o.—Address Q. C., " Examiner " Office Warrington.

(113ACKBD TYHlid restored by the British Tyre Uestorer, k.) Unrivalled for mending punctures. liptendid testi- monials from Cycle Agents. Tins is. 6d. and 2s. 6d.—H Faux, Rrilton, itugby.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND Co.,j WinE RESPECT To ANY KIND OF BUSINESS YOU MAY DESIRE TO PURCHASE OR SELL; ABSOLUTELY THE BEST MEDIUM: BUYERS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT MODERATE A FIXED CHARGES ; NO SALE, NO CHARGE; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED; CALL, WRITE OH TELEPHONE, 01C9. RYDER LLOYD AND CO., ESTABLISHED 1887. 21A, OLD IFT AY MARKET. LIVERPOOL, (Close to Lime-street and Central Station).

A NEW and Positive Cure for An zemia has been discovered. IX Its effect is marvellous and cure a certainty, or money willingly returned; 6s. and 10s. 84. a bottle.—J. SHEPHYBD, 65, 68, Chancery-lane, London

A.STllMA.—Severest cases cured by ' Kadi: a new East Indian remedy. No opium, perfectly harmless. Price 45. 6d. Trial bottle, Is ifd. —Dr. DASTOOII.B SPECIFIC Co, (Limited), 8, John-street, Adeiphi, W.C.

INOANDBSCENT BURR with Gallery, Crutch, best BSS. Mantles, and Pirepr,of Chimney, all complete is. 6d.: Mantles, 3d. and 44d. each, or 2s. iCid. and 3s, 9d. per dozen,—htioilnocx, Revidge Market, Blackburn.

OLAPHAM Maternity Hospital and School of Midwifery k. for Gentlewomen (under Medical Women). Theore- tical and Practical training. Three months' course.—Apply tiltutrrant, Jeftreys-road. Clapham. London. S.W. QEVERAL small BLOCKS of first-rate HOUSES FOR 10 BALE In Stockton Beath, Pay a fair Interest.—Apply to JOHN PEMBERTON, Heathcot, Stockton Heath, or SPENCER WALLHEAD AND SON, Lyme-street, Warrington.

4 $ HOW TO BNSURB lIBALTH."—A. medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lousdale square. a.arnsbury, London, N.

A SIROLOGY—Future accurately foretold. Holiness. 11. Money Matters, Changes. Legacies, Marriage. Partner described ae. Bead Blrthtime, description one shilling.— Mr. ALLEN. Clevedon, GI-Ilford-road, Deal. Forty years ea perienee.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS..—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free 01 receipt of post- card. Address :—POBLISRERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All 1 Saints, Manchester.

BUILDBRB WAISTED on a large estate in Liverpool near electric tram terminus. Liberal advances to suitable men.—Apply J. if. B. HARDING, Architect. 16 Cook-street Liverpool.

HPERFLUOUS HAIR —Perfected Electrolysis (by Mr. CP Parkes' invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity, for permanent destruction without markings. By appointment only. Stanspei envelope to Tar. ROBERT J. PARKES, 2. Church-street, Southport.

WASTED a YOUTH to attend to a horse and make him- self generally useful in the house. For Higher Broughton Manchester.—Address 8,H., "Exhhormil " Office Warrington

CHIPS and FlBlL—Cooking Ranges. Cutters, Washers and Peelers, and all utensils for the above business. eW tile double cooking range the latest and best out. The oldest practical maker in Ragland.— GELDART. 129, King. treet, Oldham.—A few second hand Cookers on sale cheap.

AGENTS WANTED, either whole or spare time for an Investment Cornpany, salary and commission to suit- able men.—Apply any evening after 7 o'clook to HAYNES, 11, Muaeum-etreat, Warrington.

A BB you Ill? If you are ill, try Heil, Pills, the most !X effective preparation ever discovered for the cure of Disease, for Indigestion, General Weakness, Nervousness, Rheumatism. Inflammation. Neuralgia, Constipation, Blood Poisoning &c.ls and 2s 94 per box.- T Larno,ll9 Skene-street Aberdeen.

FOREMAN Wanted for Chemical Works, must be a steady reliable man, used to the manufacture of Sulphuric Aeid and Sulphate of Ammonia.—Apply. Stating Age, Raper- lance, wages required. &WEISER, Gas Company. Sheffield.

A PPOINTAIENTE for Male and Female CLERKS, Liver- Li. pool and Manchester Post Offices (1548), Customs (18 21). Excise (19-22), Boy Copyists (15-18). Regular Exams. Rapid Correspondence or Class. Preparation. Nominal fees.- Recent Successes include First Place (three times), Second, Third, &a, Particulars free.—Josis LYNAM, F S. SC. 25, Argyle-street, Birkenhead.

_ WHO'S YOUR LAWYSIt ? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood A eon, 7. Stationers' Hall Court, London, WC., a copy of ' SVEN/. MAN HIS OWN LAWYBR ' by a BARRISTRR, price 6s. Bd., post free. which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers fees.

A NTIQUIi FURNITURH —A large stock on Sale of /11. chippendale and oak chairs, shield back chairs, carved oak and mahogany chests, corner cupboards, oak gate tables. square and twisted legs, old china, pictures, Ho.; furniture bought, sold, or exchanged.—J LIGHT. Liverpool-Nod kelmeradale, near Orm *kirk.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., Ss. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. BANK STRBET OFFICB, £5 room. 25, CATHERINE 811111 ET, rent 4s. 3d. Apply lionkar Lows, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' ngton. Telephone—No 55.

910 Bli BOLD.—learnworth, near Wislnes.—The extensive 1 Works. lat •ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. nuitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addrees .1. HOOKING, 16, Fenwick- treet, Liverpool.

'PO Let.—LARGR ROOM, Orford-street; rent £.20.- 1 Apply WOODS SON, Solicitors, Borsemarket-street, Warrington.

L 150,000 At o fromrtg ag e3lorp ti.l; ecpeonsti oof eAeddvsainnoseudmon s to suit borrowers,in any part of the country.—J. W. HRLDBII, 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 6182.

/110 BE LET, SHOP No 26, Albert-road, Widnes 201 t by 1_ 16ft, cellar the same. L•rge dwelling house attached with every convenience—E. LOINES, 54. Halton View hoed, Widnes.

GREEN ALL, WIIITLEY, & COMPANY LIMITED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER. SIR,— As the pnblic mind Is just now considero4y dis- turbed, and very naturally so, by what Is known as " The Beer Scare," we ;think it may allay anxiety to some extent if we state that the Beers brewed in our Breweries (Wilderspool and St. Helens) are, and always have oeen, absolutely pure and wholesome, and entirely tree from arsenic and other deleterious matter. For Greenall, Whitley & Co., Ltd., THUS J. DOWN. Director and Secretary. Wild erspool Br ewery,iWarrington. 29th November, 19L0. Municipal Offices. Warrington, lit December, 1900 To Mews. Greenall, Whitley, & Co., Ltd., Warrington. DEAR SIRB, I ant pleased to inform you that the samples of Beer taken from the " Bisakburn Arms," " Haw- thorn inn," and Old Ball, ' are free from Arsenio. Yonrs sincerely, JOHN 11. GORNALL.

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PUILUI HAZE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver, Old-fashioned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, /co., As., HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT TEE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elllot-otteet). IT .B. —Money advanced upon Diamonds,Watches.Jewellery, Au., at low rates.

£5, £7, ..£lO. £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- atla Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANGER: JOHN E. 0001) WIN. N.B.—Establisbed at this Address Twenty Rears.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO £l,OOO. THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, IIiESEY TRJitT WARRINGION. ABOVN COMPANY IS PREPAL.E.D TO advance Loans to respectable householders, ehopkoepers and others on reason- able term,. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY IhISTALMBSTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MAINAGNR. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

IVIONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS, AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, OR AS MAY BR' MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PROMISSORY ROTH ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATfENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus. Terms for Advances, ALL THE WORLD'S A STAGE, Orany Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to And the PRINCIPAL BOY on it in the boot line ARTHUR EVANS. GEORGE PAYNE, His 6s 6d and ts 6d aents' Roots receive REPEATED ACCOUNTANT ENCORES, thus proving that they are the FAVOURITES of the public. COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 5 AND 221, LONDON-ROAD ; 51, BYROM-STREIT ; 16, SCHOOL-LANB, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Moe, sad throughout Liverpool. 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

SITTINGS a RIMS, White Leghorn', Barred Plymouth Rooks, Golden Wyandottes and bilver Wyandotte". Indian Runner Ducks, 3s 6d per sitting. la G BAKER, Oak Rouse, Lydiate. Liverpool,

DA REED ROCKS IiGGS.—A limited number of Sittings I/ will be booked at 6e. per sitting. Pen contains seven excellent pullets, Mrs. Jackson's strain; mated with a grand cock direct from Mr. Chrimee, a noted winner, and should produce some grand exhibition birds. Also a few sittings from a grand pen of Black Minorcas, Garlick's direct 3s. 6d. per sitting.—Mrs. JACKSON, Clifton Village, near Preston, Lancashire.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATR AGENT, AUCTIONIIIII, AND VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREW. EARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on dale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, warehoused.

ON WRIERSLAX, 91AttlEt 14TH, 1901. CORPORATION SALE OF SURPLUS LAND. TO BE SOLD BY ME. THOmAs TUNSTALL at the TOWN HALL on Wednesday the 13th March at 6 o'clock SURPLUS LANDS from the Widening of Bridge. street and Nriars-iiate in the following Lots : LOT 1. Having a frontage to the new street leading from Rylands-street to Friars-gate containing 83i square yards or thereabouts, I LOT 2.—Adjoining Lot 1 containing 89i square yards or thereabouts. LOT 3.—Haring a frontage to Friars-gate containing 147 square yards or thereabouts. LOT 4.—Having a frontage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 3, containing 150 square yarns othhereabouts. LOT 5.-11aving a frontage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 4, ' containing 149 i square yards or thereabouts. I LOT 6.—Having a frontage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 6, containing 150 square yarns or thereabouts. LOT 7.—Having a ftontage to Bridge-street, of zg feet and containing 194 square yards or thereabouts. The Lots will he offered for bale rreeivold or on Lease to suit Purchasers. Plans and particulars can be obtained at the Borough Sur- veyor's Office after the 27th instant. .1. LION WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 22nd February, 1901. .

• TRIUMPH CYCLES .210 10s. OD. AND £l5 15s. On. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS LIMITED, 74 BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. TRADESMEN'S DELIVERY TRICYCLES A SPECIALITY. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

CIYHLBS I CYCLES I I— Immense Bargains. Free Blin- k./ trated List containing 1,500 New and second-Hand Machines from 30s. to ZJ. Marvellous Bargains in 1901 Machines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make, from £2 17s. 6d. bingle Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at half usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied. WABRILOW & Co.. Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Hare.

IJENTAUR CYCLES. FAMOUS SINCE 1676. These world-renowned machines are now within the reach of every one. The new 1901 Model more than uphold their great reputation, yet a genuine Centaur fully guaranteed can be bought for £lO 10s. WHY BUY AN INFisItIOR MAKE WHEN THE BEST COSTS NO MORE ? Catalogue and full particulars from THR CENTAUR CYCLE CO., LTD.. COVENTRY, or T. DAINTITH, Bridge-street, Warrington, W. BOOTH, 139, Church-street, Runcorn.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLE £lO 10s. £l5 15s. AND £lB 183. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHAM T. BOOTH CYCLE DEPOT ST. HELENS A. H. SWIM, 23, CORPORATIO N STNBET. WIDNES W. HOUOMTON, ST. MICHAELS TERICACE, DITTON. BARLESTOWN Y. HOLT WARGRAVE-ROAD LYMM H. COPELAND, CYCLE DEPOT. LIVERPOOL HITCHINGS LTD. 74. BOLD-ST MAN° ESTER DEPOT 134. DBANSGATE.

1 THIVB IiSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A moat micas ful Boarding School for Boys. T 18HERWoOD, M.A., LL D., D.C,L,

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD, M.1.U.M., Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STRRET, WARRINGTON.

MISS BERTHA BOUCHI ER, A.L.U.M., is prepared to receive PUPILS for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils' residence, or on Mondays at Mr Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms, &O. on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-BoaD, Stockton Heath.

O 3 SALB, Chestnut Cob, 14-3, rising five; make splendid harness or saddle horse. sound; owner going to South £trica.-17, AIM-STREET. Rochdale.

&ham. INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. .. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOOK AND SHARE BROKERS. 29, RANEAGII-bTREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE AT piT TS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, tough Railway Arch). ALSO 'KT PITTS'S PANTHEON GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISIIHRS, PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C• GRANDEST DISPLAY IN ENGLAND. OVER 300 FEET OF SHOW WINDOWS. THIRTY THOUSAND POUND SELECTION. PITTS'S RENOWNED nouns OF IMMI- TUBE, at 15f, 22i 28i, 38i 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas represent a (HAAR SAVING 011 50 Plitt CENT as compared with others. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURBISHING GUIDE, post free. Oast) prices only quoted. starred payments arranged. DINING ROOM FURNITURE.—Tasteful Suite in Utrecht Velvet, £8 Bs, cost double. Another, elab- orately carved, covered in Lister's Velvet, cost £2). for £lO 10s. Genuine Oak Suite, profusely carved, cost £24, for I IEII lie. Walnut Suite, in rich Oriental Saddlebags, cost £25, for £l2 12s. A most ornate Suite in Walnut and real Leather, cost £27. for £l4 14s. Brown o.k Suite, In sadilebags and 1 Velvet, cost £3O, tor £l5. Spoonback Suite, in Maroon Skins, Cost £3O, for £l5 15e. Grand Suite, Mahogany and Morocco, cost £3O, for £lB 18s. Another, Walnut. £l9. Natty Side- board for £3 15s, larger one £4 15s. Real Walnut Sideboard, iichastely carved Panels, numerous bevelled plates, cost £l2, for £6 6s. Another fine and bold, £8 Bs. Real beauty, in Genuine Walnut, handsomely carved, £9 10s. Massive lofty Sideboard, in Mahogany, cost £25, for £l2 12s. Grand Wal- nut Sideboard, cost £3O, for £l4 14s. Magnificent Oak Side- board, fit bra mansion, cost £4O, for £l9 191. Several others up to £5O each. Dining-table. substantial white top, 27s 6d. Real Oak Dining-table, cost £5, for £2 15s. DRAWING-ROOM FURNITITRE.—Genoa Velvet Suite, cost £l5, for £7 10s. Artistic Suite in rich covering, cost £lBofor £9 91. Very effective Inlaid Suite, cost £2O for £l9 10s. Beautiful Inlaid Rosewood Suit, in Silk Cost £22. for £ll 11s. lixguisitely-carved Dark Mahogany I Suite. coat £27, for £l4 14s. Graceful Walnut Suite, really beautifully finished, oast £3O, for £l6 16s. Lovely Suite, Cost £35, for £lB. Cabinet, tasteful design, cost £B. for £3 10s. Another larger. £4 15s. Chippendale Cabinet, numerous mirrors, carved brackets, &C.. cost, £l2, £6 6s. Inlaid Rosewood Cabinet, cost £l6 for £8 Bs. Chippendale, Dark Ma bo gan y cost £2O, for £lO 10s. French style, very choice, £25. for £l3 13. Overmantel, neat design. £2 10s; more elaborate, £3 10s, cost double. Walnut Overmantel, very nicely finished, cost £lO, for Li 15s. Genuine Oak, chastely carved, cost £l5, for £5 10s. BEDROOM FCRNITURE.—WaInut Suite, All requisite articles, aost £l6, for gs Bs. Another, cost £lB, for £lO 10s. Satin Walnut Suite, coat £2O, for £ll lls, Mah(gany SAte, consists of reomy wardrobe, with bevelled plate-glass door, dressing chest, with bevelled swing mirror, Jewel boxes, washstand, with marble slab, tile back, with bevelled elate over, pedestal rail, and two chairs; cost £24, for £l2 12s. Handsome Ash Suite, cost £3O, for £l5. beautiful Walnut Suite, cost £35, for £l7 17s. Magnificent Italian Walnut Suite. cost £4O. for £22 10s. Noble Satin Walnut Suite, cost £5O, for £27 10s. Extremely Ornate Walnut Suite, profusely carved panels, fine :design. and rare workmanship, cost £6O, for ER. Richly-figured Spanish Mahogany Suite, cost £7O, for £56. Grand Dark Mahogany Chippendale Suite, cost £9O, for £45. Scores of others. PITTS'S CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, PIANOS CYCLES, BASSINSTTRS, HAIL CARTS, LAMPS CHINA, GLASS, BARTHREWARIL Magnificent Select I tions. Astounding Value. sADIUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER LONDON-ROAD (Ardadelt and Longsight Oars); GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1846. National Telephone,l,l24 BUSINRSS HOURS 8 to 7. SATURDAYS, Bto 9.

BY MR. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS. _ LATCHFORD AND WARRINGTON. VALUABLE BUILDING LAND, VILLA RESIDENCES. saw., AND OTHER PROPERTY, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS, at the BLUE BELL INN, WARRINGTON, on WEDNES- day, 13th MARCH. 1901, at 4 for 5 p.m. prompt, subject to the Public sale Conditions of the Incorporated Law society of Liverpool and the special Conditions to be then produced. LOT I.—DETACHED MODERN RESIDENCE, No, 664, Knutsford-road, Latchford, known as "HAWTHORN COTTAGE," with he ornamental and well-arranged garden thereto belonging lately occupied by Mr. Samuel E. Johnson. The land which is suitable and intended for the erection of another similar residence contains (including site) about 1755 square yards. The tenure of a small part containing about 50 square yards is freehold the remaining part being leasehold for long terms of years (not less than 950 years being unexpired) and the lot will be sold subject to the aggregate yearly apportioned Ground Rent of £lO. Immediate possession may be had. LoT 2 —TWO SEMI-DisTACHED MODERN RESI- DENCES Nos 676 and 678 Knutsford-road known as ' HOLLY BANK '' with the gardens thereto belonging occupied by Dr JohnlG Gornall and Mr C J Holmes—Area of land (including site) about 1.100 square yards. The tenure is leasehold for 999 p are from 1876 at the yearly apportioned ground rent of £7. Loa' 3 —TWO SEMI-DETACHED OnNVENIENT RESI- DENCES known as " Sunnyside " and being Nos. 661 and 663 Knutsb,rd-road with the LARUE GARDENS thereto belonging occupied by Mrs Hartley, Mr Bernard and Mrs Deacon—Area of land(including site)about 34951 square yards. The tenure of a small part containing about 190 square yards is leasehold for 999 years from 1860 (which will be sold tree from ground rent) the remaining part being freehold. Possession may be had of No, 661 on or shortly after com- pletion of the purchase. NOTE - The four houses comprised in Lots 2 and 3 will be offered separately if not sold as above. in which case the ground rent on Lot 2 will be equally divided between the two houses in that Lot. LoT 4.—FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND fronting Theiwall Lane Latchford and also having a double frontage to an in- tended street running parallel with Thelwall Lane with the I THREE IRON BUILT SHOPS and THREE COTTAGEd erected thereon Numbers 4 to 14 (even numbers Inclusive) Thelwall Lane occupied by Messrs. Bretherton Royie and others. The land with site contains 2073 square yards and includes the easterly end of the gardens now held with Lots land 5. LOT S.—SMALL FREEHOLD DETACHED RESIDENCE No 665, Knutsford-road adjoining Lot 3 and known as "SUNNYSIDE COTTAGE" occupied by Mrs Deacon. Area of land (including site) 383 square yards. LOT B.—VALUABLE BUSINESS PREMISES consisting of two shops (one Lock-up) and DWELLINGIIOUSR Nos 35 and 35a, Sankey-street Warrington occupied by Miss Lythgoe and Mr Mawson. This Lot lies in a very advantageous position for business purposes being within a stone's throw of Market Gate the junation of the four principal streets of the rapidly developing Town of War, ington. Opportunities of obtaining shop property in this important thoroughfare are seldom met with. The tenure is leasehold for 970 years from 1873 at the apportioned yearly ground rent of £5 17s. LoT 7.—DWELLINGHOUSE No. 20 Lovely-lane, Warring- ton. occupied by Mr Fletcher. The tenure is leasehold for 990 years from 1881 at the yearly ground rent of £2 12s 64. LOT B.—SIX COTTAGES Nee. 3 to 13 (odd numbers in- olasive) Heath-lane Warrington. Tenants Messrs, Fox. Peers and others. Gross annual Rental 54 12s Tenure leasehold fur 1000 years from 1820 at the aggregate yearly ground rests of £2 4s 24. LOT 9.—TWO SEMI-DETACHED DWELLINGHOUSES known as ' ASHLEIGH " and " GRASSENDALB " Fair- field-road, Latchford, with the land belonging thereto occu- pied by Messrs Hardy and Benner—Area of land (including site) 1,139 square yards. The tenure is leasehold for 999 years from 1897 at the aggregate yearly ground rent of £6 11s 104. LOT 10.—TWO SEMI-DETACHED DWELLINGHOUSES with the land belonging thereto adjoining Lot 9 and known as `KVERSLEIGH" and "ENGLESIDE" occupied by Mre Boardman and Mr Bole worth, Area of laud (including site) 1323 square yards. The tenure is leasehold for 999 years from 1898 at the laggregate yearly ground rent of £7 Os 64. LoT 11 —FOUR COTTAGES AND A SHOP Nos. 58, 60' 62, and 64, John-street (corner of Furness-street) Warrington. Tenants Messrs Siasmith, Barnton and others. Gross annual rental £55 53. Tenure leasehold for 970 years from 1876, less four days at the yearly apportioned Ground Rent of £7 12s 2d. LOT 12.—FIVE CO PIAGE6 Noe. 5 to 17 (odd numbers in clusiVe), New-road, Latchford.—Tenants. Mesers Tarburton, Wild and others. Gross annual Rental £5B 10s. Tenure leasehold for 1.000 years from 1874 less four days at the yearly apportioned 3roun4 Rent of £5 6s 94. Lae 13.—TEte COTIAGES AND A SHOP ElOl. 41 to 59. (odd numbers inclusive) New-road—Tenants. Messrs Garrett. Berry, Rigby and others. Gross Annual Rental £127 6s. Tenure leasehold for 1,000 years from 1872 less 4 days at the yearly apportioned Ground Rent of £l2 i is 9d. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS apply as to Lot 1 to Messrs. Spencer Wallhead and Boa, Solicitors, Warrington. As to Lots 1 and 2 to Mr. J. Longland. Solicitor. Warrington. As to Lots 1 to 5 to Mr. J. Shaw Green, Incorporated Accountant. Mill-stre t, Warrington. A s to Lots ItoB to McGarr. William and Regar Owen. Surveyors, Warrington. and as to all the Lots to the Auctioneers, Warrington. or (and for Plans of Lots 1 to 6) to ROBERT DAVIS& HIRKCONNEL, DAVIES. BURGESS & bIATTON Solicitors, Warrington, February 1931.

OOSALII.—V E BRTICAL ENGIN and BOILER oast on. Iron Tank high-speed governors. water-heater and injector ; good order cylinder. 6tin. by 121 n. stroke; be seen running.—BlNlT BRO.. Dunford Bridge. bheflield,

A ONLBI,11)11) tißLuor iOni ON fda.UHlNh: TOOLS, 21 new and secondhand, Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n. Ce ntres bit to 2Oft, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 21t square to 121 t by 41t square. Drilling Hadial and Vertical, Blotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines. Gas and Steam Engines. Boilers. Tanks, Wood- working Mazhinery, etc.—PARTINGTON, St Simon-street, Blackfriexs-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Etabtlibed 1864. JOHN G WILSON AND Co. Fels. and P.A. by Kim. 55, MARKET sTRENT, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK CatATIS.

pATENT OP PIO ABOHESTER , BBTABLIEMED IN 1835. Messrs. 4.110R4E DAVIES a BON have ins 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment and possess practical knowledge of the cotton .woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. CEOR4III DAVIES, CM., a BON, F.1.P.A., M.B.A. 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANORBSTBR.

TEE BEST LINIMENT OF THE AGE Is GLUTTON'S E NIBROCATION.

YOUR OL dPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, MA AND COFFEE SITS Ea-plated with pure Silver, and a written Guarantee to Wear im TBN xitaus.' rirst-class quality. eL AND F. BRowN, ELECTED. SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12, MOUN T-P.L CAb ALI T Lll7 cdtPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKSTS, ao., RE-GILT, from, 6d.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LEECH BROS. SC CO., IRONMONGERS, Ao 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' tradicg. are now SELLING OF GENUINE CASH BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS. Clocks and Bronzes Gas Fittings Marble Mantelpieces .-. 20 29 20 Grates, Ranges, Tiled hearths Furnisning ironmongery Ot IP CUTLERY, PLATE, TONGS, COALEOXES, ART METAL WORK, Ao., Ao. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH BROS. & 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

TOWLE'S fiLORODYNE Renowned for TOWLE'S BitONOHITIR, lOW LE'S CLILORODYNE Asthma, INF LUENZA, TOWLE'S GILORODYNE sAllaTisemt TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2e. ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR H/LICIU 8 AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND. SPASMS, FRUL BRbATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOSS OP APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPAPSIA, HEART. BURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS,. GIDDINESS, Icc. AS A NENEIIAL, FAMILY APESIENT MEDICINE DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE USEQUALLaD. being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action, as they are certain in. theit curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. Sc HT'S PILLS . Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT.. 173, nEYIIOI.III PLACE, Lori Don W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy-any other Medicine instead,but insist upon having the riglatthing,which lawrapped in a square green package. By Post for 1,4 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER MARCH Ist, 1901.

NO MATTER THE SIZE OF YOUR FEEL YOU'LL BE PROUD OF THEM IF YOU WEAR ALF TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. YOUR FIRST PURCHASE MEANS YOUR CONTINUED PATRONAGE. 45, RORSEMIRKET STREET, 45. WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRIsH. WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PRR QUART. 1/8. 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER norn.E. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes' from Central and Lime-street Stations).

BREACH OF TUB SABBATH AT WIDNES. At the Whines Patty Session on Thursday morn- ing, John Lytbgoe, ehopkeeper, Mersey-road, was charged with exposing goods for sale on Sunday. The R Rev Corlett,curate,soid be visited the shop on two occasions, and sow lads consuming icecream. He reported the matter to the police, and pronged- ings were taken. Mr Knowles defended, and spoke strongly on the case as being trivial, and if upheld, detrimental to the interests enjoyed by working- men. The case was dismissed.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS FOR PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS CONOBRT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. AUCTION SALE BILLS AND CATALOGUES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. COMMERCIAL PRINTING EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE. WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. PORCERS OF ALL SIZES May be Inspected and Eatlmates:obtalned at the Office. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEIT STREET, WARRINGTON.

7:- \,.. A ..„..,,W.Yti) coi I 100 U NV i , ofseo offlpnum _ _ k ; c.. \ OF • i:,,,' t. ~:.,1. FOR ' ei,.OIIGNIS ' °TOL!? IS ' -,--_ , r: i. 901 4, ASTHMA 6, B.RONCtiITIS. L ot-4 _ . , _ . _

YEARS , --4-110VEN EFFICACY. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY - LOOSENS PHLEGM. ALLAYS GOUGH- ., GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF.

S CURED Frern the drew losa oOurlna Sta mese fl biu eared PEIM kNltyrr.: the yen, wont emu of Epilepsy when every other reme.l7 had failed. Price de. 61. and 111.. Post Pres. Thomiambi a Teatinr.nishi. Srstel for o Frer lialvg• Realr,and rod it Write to—iTlerstrtment 7.1 I. W. WICISOr-alt.s, p,,,,,,,peuti0n3 Chemist, 25. Hlgh Street, Beetrest.

SYMINGTO:i EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious ci ;n a moment. trouole, nn waste. In %mai. _lid large bottles, from at: Grocers. rwaßigewrFED puttE

Coughed by Day and Coughed at Night.

rgrinfrlirstean- Nothing dies the nerves and clears the brain like a oe strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess3nce In em bottles from all Grocers. 82 C9-A.2..9rniZA.9 9 9 9 0 0193 Q.O 0.51.5UL9

PFI.OII/107M A Healthy and Natural Development of the figure by wearing the , sal= II PATENT • / SIDE-SPRING CORSET. Deautifui n Construction. Unrivalled in Style. Constructed In accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the movements of the body, and the side supports arc unbteahable. Modelled in different shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prloes, 3/11, 5/6, 6/11 and 10/6. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent, Insist on having the I. B. .71,1 e-S Arin Corset— The Best IMPORTANT :—The weer of every 3. B. Corset ts absolutely guarentere7b7 the— SOLE MANUFACTURER J. S. BLAIR. GREAT ANCOATS ST., MANCHESTER:

_ TowLE,sPENNsYTREOEYLALPILLS FOR FEMALES. QIIICELY CORRECT ILL mazoutearricrs, lUMOVII ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the di,stressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 12 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE a Co" Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Bomar,. o Insinshons. I nrions and loorthless.

I THE WANT OF THE DAY. MARES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. . . „ . ' THEEOOTI'EATr_EI cßircHLEys fered to the L:uvlnest flr linParthsg an IvOri. . ifricv , finish to Starc.be• ' ' : doesol'ila .do ti:tsartt Laces, f;Bl:ctlaeastaipitt.wi dowel': '.W. sr. sr lb, web - like material" STARcu.q.LOSS ,R 0 y a 1 Laundries. Should be used ll° every h)use. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, 111 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CIIITCHLEY, Blackburn.

BILLIARDS Send for Photographic Llst of all dames of Tables, Cue., Balls, and .i,var requisite. Show Rooms or taming 40 Tables including large selection full size tables, quarter and bait-sizes dre Billiard and Dining Tables. Bagsnaf, de. (a few secondhand tables cheat* Old table. remodelled to_. new Low Silent FroskProof Cushion, or taken in part exchmir New Table. Special easy payment terms to clubs. E. J. RILEY, Ltd., Billiard Table Builder.° Willow Works, ACCR I NGTOj'

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY . , PAYMENTS _ Enormous Stock. N . ' and second-hand: 10s. MONTHLY Carrirs ._. paid. Illustrated Plavto tmt.. LISTS POST FRIIIi ~.., . any address. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co, (1900 Ltd' 41, Everton ltd. Liverpool. Branch 23 Manchester St. Liveree j - (Established

.. . , • . , .• • 1 ,y .reet 1 7 ..-• .__ . r. , ft,4 - 0 i'l. -,,,-.1. _ 7/4.,... ,-----__(,,,../ ......_-__,-,-, _ -,------ .1 1 i • %, =4, rr- --- t-: 6 ' f Nvek .//, 47/ . // 00, •:`,,, -- . _e__2/•, ..v.l. 1 , i /,'N',/,,,*:,„ c //' ..' • fr ' 4 ;11 t';'-;,1,..1.;:-• - 4 • 4,, • vi Iv, / / - ......, , ' ,A, , .k L. of ~ , ion ,i , , -, , „I_, _ i-- - e. „.i. i [-I __,__ .. . ......... ( ... _ \ ) ............. „of:77— •,'• or, ..... ••• • .. ~ .." _,..,.--.. .1 4.;•it 1 / I. ' //// I / i // I /111111 J .' i 7 (W./ / / r / / •-/I , / j //// / '. i 1 " 7 / % V ‘si procured some Bile Beans without delay." , 1 1, • , Have been found an undoubted cure for headache/ influenza, costiveness,. piles, liver trouble, bad breath, rheumatism, liver chill, indigestion, dizziness, buzzing in the head, : ',v,:, fulness after eating, constipation, lack of ambition, debility, aummia, female ailments, pimples, and a host of other ailments that owe their origin to defective bile flow, ,„ y , assimilation and digestion. The act uio,kl in restoring females to health and for a . 1, general aperient an tonic remedy they are unequalled. Bile Beans are obtainable of , V.... all Chemists, or post free from THE BILE BEAN MANUFACTURING CO., 119 and . 120, London Wall, London E.C., on receipt of price 1/14, and 2/9 (large box, contains - • ..., three IstimesEsmaEll size); three large boxes boiexes 77j/6, or six for 14/-. .. .. •„ The Proprietors have so - . . , '4O much faith in the efficacy , ''''', • 41', ' . ' ' . , ... of their remedy that they ' .„,..,, will forward a Free Sample if you send a penny stamp to pay . A o•,•'re, + • •,,'•, 4 ~,,r) t, ' ~,,e , ''''''cittot-C„),1 postage and mention this paper. '',.2( it.)44,.,-A4 ~,,t-. rit, . ,•, „ . Address: THE BILE BEAN MANUFACTURING CO, 119 and 120, London Wall, LONDON, E.C. 11b...—A1ti....._ _llk.- -- -.•116.—.....ata. ___-A1iud1...—.416.—.4.1%.- •....1.- .....- ...... ..•._

.. . . , ~ ~ .•.„ 'UNIQUE ~. . - :....:,„,.,,, •,. ,„, , .;4,-;, . .‘, •., ' PI ; OFFER . • I, ~.i. .• 1 fr: '. . TRy , ~,,e .., Knowing the popular taste to be ,-- ~,!: strongly in favour of the "Times" . / \ \\ System of Monthly Payments, we intend giving.our cuatomers the /,‘ \ .• \ \ (0/. /''' ' benefit of money that would other- i wise be spent in a different form ' :16.''''/. . - .... '. • ' of advertisement by supplying . one of our world-fame.d " Ilizum" ments of 15s. ad°ll: WM, own:thieelnyht'lswn) sotarf:ll.- . , iverri,..—..""---- --. 17,...)..• _ . '.......- If:qf 28%17 ca(Ladsh oYr:812 ' 11;illfea . . A SIXPENCE . • : DAY. , „... , ...... \ 24-.l3.—The materials used in -_,.....- the manufacture of the "Ilizum" Cycle are identical with those "7 ~, ..."""-,, used in our machines which were fl\ 1 •\ vet , „ supplied to the C.LV. during tho 1444. ~...1:04,‘ war, and which successfully stood the severe test to which they were (..-> -*.;:, • 7-5;44. .. 1L............... Tim 41.1zurc' , - OUR CHALLENGE TO THE ENTIRE CYCLE TRADE i. Is to produce a machine of equal value to that here offered and upon the same terms. SPECIFICATION. . BOartngs..._Ttargerbd ball bearings to ail parts. Gear.-63, oral option. Chain wheel up to 48 teeth, Franle.—Dinmorst Cost hardened steei. i in. pitch roller-chain. Wheels,-28 ter 15 ie. Clii•per Tyres. Drake.—Fitinger or iin. . Spokes—Double betted &tied. tangent billi tension. Toushoued cranks. _Finished in black, and usual l' D pattern compression abd seal stay s ; oil-retaining HeibAgshit„i3a;;Sal;::iiied.4:3:l•Ttr.;. . braeteL_ Drake. Mudguard and Chain Wheel Detachable. Duarintaait'fol:-12inittontba. Yi. ARS STERLING REPUTATION BACKS TN IS OFFER. : YOU CAN HAVE YOUR MACRINF- NOW ' • : ZaIiMES : , o A By Pay M o Paying Ma Deposit o‘, it. . . WRITE TO-DAY A. 114., Get,FTPC-ri L'? i For Particulars and Post Free CATALOGUE: 118. HOLBORN. LONDON. E.C. I

libit ' 7' .;4: '* %* -'. .:'( • ' ;'!'' '' ' '' : NII 6 .41;,‘4, Ell , TEIrRES BRONCHITIS, 7iSTEII.II:. INFLUENZA, Colighs, Golds, Sore Thitaa, Qqinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY. &c. IT IS INVALTJAI3LE IN TIIE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Spragnas, Murns, Scalas, amcl. EVERY FORM OF SKiN DISEASE. azturaaturea only at 7S, Nelc: Oxford Street. London, and so;d by all Chemists and Medicine Vencielei

objects literature and the advancement of the town. (Hear, hear). Mr BENNETT acknowledged the compliment in suitable terms, and said he thought they had every reason for encouragement in the Society which had done much to vindicate its existence. After the work it had done they in the town ought to appreciate it and not disparage it. He alluded to the distinguished men who had been produced in Warrington—Luke Fildes, Henry Woods and several others—and the School of Art was prockcing men who followed in the steps of those famous men, and who wanted to revive the love of science art and letters. It was no mean thing to belong to a town of many industries, which produced so many useful and important articles known all over the world. He -hoped the members would do their best to make the Society grow. (Hear, hear.) During the evening songs and recitations were given by some of the members, and the gathering closed with the singing of the National Anthem. LOCAL COUNTY COUNCIL ELECTION. Mr Pemberton Too Late. Mr J Charlton Parr, JP, the retiring county ' councillor for the Appleton division, bas been re- elected without opposition. The latest hour for receiving nominations was five o'clock on Friday. At that time no other nomination paper had been banded in, but within a minute afterwards a paper was presented on behalf of Mr John Pember- ton, of Stockton Heath. The returning officer held that the conditions had not been complied with and declared the nomination invalid. Mr Parr was therefore returned unopposed In the first paper Mr Parr was proposed by Alfred Jaine,seconded by Frederick Rose, and assented to by Albert Moss, Edward Reddish, Charles Hallows, Jeremiah Drury, Thomas Pierpoint, James fleas, H Beresford Melville and John Fairhurst. In a second paper he was proposed by William Long, seconded by Alan Lister-Kaye and assented, to by Richard Boardman, Joseph James Fairh urst Samuel Massey Houghton, Henry S Leyland William Owen, F A Frost, Arthur Pigot and Henry Milling.

• , cco._•,cf. ittCP,itt. e ,-2 , ~,, • , , , 72 I . , .. •_. ,a). t.‘6"tl:lArti irwp,,, 1 ~ /- %, -tt. ,1-40 -00 - , 1- 1-,ivci i', 1/1 . -.-. 1004. t _ P r _____ , ‘ .f., /\---"----------- : ot. / •,' . I ...., n. • ~, ;a f(7 ye r._ ri 0 'Li ' • , .4' II 11 ' %tt,- ~ DEPOTS ALL t-41)€'•)5,,,,,, .E.-14 . ~0006tt6 IN TOWNS. - -"). tetei 4:i jig " ' 4 STANDARDS. SPECIALS. 10 Guineas Cash 15 Guineas Cash OR 1 Guinea per Month orzl q / Guineas per Month IN 12 INSTALMENTS. IN 12 INSTALMENTS. Catalogue and full information post free on application to— RUDGE-WHITWORTH, LIMITED. Head Office, COVENTRY. , LOCAL AGENCIES :—Warrington Syndicate Ltd., 79 Bridge St. Warrington. J. & S. Churchill & Co., Cross Loge Earlestown. 11. Tebbutt Victoria Rd. Widnes . J. S. McLEAN & Do., st Duke St., St. listens Rudge Whitworth Ltd., •ct Bold St., Liverpool.

E. AI. ASHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE THE TERMINUS OF THE STOCKTON- HEATH 'BUSES. CHRISTMAS AND BIRTHDAY CAKES. SPECIALITY-SCOTCH MILK SCONES. TEA ROOMS. FANCY CHOCOLATES ecc., IN GREAT VARIETY.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, A UDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

VERY SPECIAL. A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE. EQUAL TO NEW. SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS, AO. One Pair of Handsome Silver-plated FISH CARVERS price 3s. 6d. the pair. Six Pairs of FISH EATER!, only 7s. Gent's heal Silver-mounted Ehouy WALKING STICK; price only 2s. 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, Jewelled movement, an accurate timekeeper. pr.ce only 7s. 6d. Lady's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA, 3s. Gd. Gent's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA. 3,. 6d. A very neat Pair of OPERA GLASSES, Is sd. Heavy Gold WEDDING RING (9 carat), 9s, 6d. A 22-carat Gold WEDDING RlNG.good thickness,(4l9 151' Lady's Solid Gold and Real Diamond Buckle RING 0111 r 42. 9d. AT 'HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLE 3, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL ME ..s.ANTS, 116 to 120 BROWNL‘PW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO., FURRIERS. Have Specially Manufactured for their Annual Display, An Elaborate and Unprecedented Collection of SMART FUR GARMENTS. CONSISTING- OF FASHIONABLE COATS, COATEES, CAPES, WRAPS, HMIs, GLOVES. FUR NECKLETS. MUFFJ, AND SE ZIS OF FUR. So.. &C. 5,000, CHOIOE ARTICLES FOR CHRLSTMAR GIFTS. 5,000. At Prices from 105. to 200 Guineas. FURS ARE THE MOST USEFUL OF ALL NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. MANUFACTORIES AND SEIOWROOMS. 56 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

L CTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIO-HTINO- A SPRCIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PRIYAT DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments uarturealegneery,;but may be TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient infowromor rebcietririd the cost of TEETH. Gold ard other fillings at moelerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-'nless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEET H. Maker to Dentists of 13,000 *gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MOSLEY-STREM (Telephon. 'e6o). MR. ITADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.rn. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m WA RRINGTON -3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICFI.- 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.
