===== 0002601_19010104_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1

, ,

I

\IL

all

OM

EIRMW49I

I\IATEMATS —For GARDENERS and FURNITURE RR LVI . MOVERS.—G. M. JONES. 9,l3laokfrlars-at.Mancheater.

H I:MOLES. —Wood Hurdles, Gates. etc.-4 IC ZONES, 9, Blackfriars-st. (late Victoria. Bridge), Manchester.

910 SKIP and Basket Makers. OR Sale Cane Willows -1 Hazels Izo.-4. 31. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-St. Manchester. ---- m;r INES and SPIRITS finest qualitv.—Send for price list to G .M. JONES. 9, Blaokfriars-st. Manchester.

Kan- V EAST I YEAST I" Eagle," ' Half Moon?' D.C.L'a " garoo" Brands.—G.M. lorms,9.Blackfriare-st.Manchester

CHRISTMAS

AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. It CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

,12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

YOUR ADVERTISEMKNT in the "Examine places it before those whom you want to reach. goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you better known among them, at a very small cost.

.1 I

===== 0002601_19010104_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
GOULDING'S CHILDREN'S

MIXTURE. . COUGH MIXTURE.

Children's Medicines should be carefully chosen from simple and effective remedies which have stood the test of time. They too often contain poison In some degree, as is evidenced by the inquests which are frequently held in different Parts of the country Some Cough Remedies especially offend in this respect, as they {generally contain a preparation of opium, such as Laudanum, Morphia, or Paregoric. Yet there is one, GOULDING'S CHILDREN'S COUGH MIxTURE, made by Franeis Goulding. the proprietor of the celebrated "Cooling and Teething Powders," which have proved of such great benefit for children cutting their teeth. This preparation is made specially for young children. It is an excellent remedy for the Irritable oough to which children are liable. It acts splendidly also for Colds, Bronchitis, Feverishness, Difficulty of Breathing. Whooping Cough, Croup, do. It is perfectly safe and is free from Poison.

• Sold in Bottles at sp. and is. 10. each.

OM 1 • .........•

TO BE OBTAINED FROM

BOOTS CASH CIiIiSIISTS,

_ At the Reduced Prices of 7d. and 9id. 3g, PAIP,aOI2I., }WARRINGTON. Also at BRIDGE-STRUT. RUNCORN,

20, ALBERT-ROAD, WIDNES, 6, OBBISEIRK-STBEET. ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE

EUSTANCE AND CO.'S

MAGNIFICENT

DISPLAY OF NEW YEAR NOVELTIES FOR

PRESENTS, PRIZES, PRESENTATIONS, BEFORE DECIDING ELSEWBERE. 41,

AND 43, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON UNEQUALLED VALUE. MAGNIFICENT SELECTION. TELEPHONE No. 0459.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMMA

===== 0002601_19010104_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS - . GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EAE LE STO W N -... -7, B RIDGSTREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WAR.RINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NOITHWICH...-18, APYLEMARRET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from swum SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. AU sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome prcsent given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Cloak, 43, Bankey-street, Warrington. Established 1884.

PURE BEER.

BOLTON BROS.,

MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

GUARANTEE

All BITTER BEHR, STOUT, or PORTER, as being Brewed from MALT and HOPS only: They also

GUARANTEE

all their ALES to be PURE. FREE FROM ARSIINIC, or any other poisonous ingredients. They have received the following certificate : Health Department, Municipal Officee, Warrington, December let, 1930. Dear Sir,—l am glad to inform you that a wimple of beer taken from the Exchange Inn is free from arsenic,

Yours sincerely,

JOHN H. GORNALL.

!Ir. Alderman Bolt

NOVELTY, VALUE, STYLE, CHRISTMAS GOODS Bx.

W. ISHERWOOD & CO. (LATE POOLE.)

SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITY HOUSE NOR GLOVES. DENTS KID and REINDEER Lined Silk Is. 1 bs. Ild, per pair. I ong Evening Silk Gloves, Lace Top,. Is. 6d. Long Creme &lade Gloves 3s 64. Perfect, t Fabric Gloves, Lined from is. to 2s. 6.1. per plir.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY LACE GOODS

Just to Hand from London Very Choice Lot of Lace Fielma Bows, Fancy Collars, Ties, &c. Lovely Goods at Medium Prices.

SPECIAL LOT OF LADIES SILK SHIRTS.

LADIRS SILK SHIRTS Delicate Rrening Shades, Perfect Fitting. From Bs, lid each. Splendid Designs In Our Own Make Wool Shirts 4s. Ild.to 10s. 6d.

Linen and Cambric. and Initial Handkerchiefs Is. Md., 2s 3d., 3s. 6d. to 5s 61.. half dozen.

FURS. Best value in the trade in FURS. Very useful presents' Holinaki. Beer. Sable. Stone Martin, Thibet Necklets. DRESSING GOWNS. New GOODS for CHRISTMAS. CHILDREN'S COATS and CAPES CHILDREN'S MILLIN'IRY. Hundreds of Children's PINAFORES for Christmas presents; beautiful Lacey Designs.

_ NOVELTIES for PRESENTS in UMBRELLAS. BEST VALUE IN CORSETS.

Special delivery of UNDERCLOTHING, Wool Goods. Flannelette Goods. White Underclothing. Splendid line in Ladies Winter Combinations, 35.11 d to 10s. 6d.

DRESSING CASES.

Ladies and Gents Dressing Cases 4s lid to 30s. Oak Stationery Cabinets, with revolving American DeAL Top, 22s 6d. Smokers Cabinets, Liquer Cabinets, Card-Cases, Cigar- Cases, Handkerchief Satchets and hundreds of other useful A-ticles for presents, Ao. TOYS FOR THE CHILDREN CHRI6TAIAS CARDS

===== 0002601_19010104_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GENT'S OM PITTING DEPARTMENT.

Thousands of Ties,new designs. Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, Mufflers, Linen Handkerchiefs, Kid Gloves, beet value in the district.

Under-vests, Pants, &c., Special value. 21 lid, 3s I.ld. 4s Ild, 5s Ild, Wool and Linen Shirts, our own make, 4s lid, 5s lid. 7s 11d.

GOWNS. TRAVELLING RUGS. UM- BRELLAS. FANCY WAISTCOATS. &o,

W. ISHERWOOD AND CO., SANIERY-STIZENT. WARRINGTON.

JOHN FINLAYSON. THE POPUTAR JEWELLER,

42, lIORS:3IARKET-STREET, WAR3INGTON,

IS NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest deaf gas In

GOLD AND j SILVER

JEWELLERY, PLATE, ETC.,

for the present season. Our prices are undoubtedly lower than any other establishment in town: A visit will prove it.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., TELEPHONE No. 0489. CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, &re.

-...EiMM,

1

ii

===== 0002601_19010104_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
q

===== 0002601_19010104_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
McDO UGAI, i :8 PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR 913;Digag TION.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

ISAACSTEIN : "Vol ,102 der cause of der fire?" Burnupski : "Der insurance." IF most of us had our lives to live over again, we should only make another lot of big mistakes. "JACK told me last night that he had given me his heart." "Well, it's damaged goods. He told me last week that I had broken it." "What is the age of chivalry, Aunt Psnelope ?" "Those good old times when men fell in love with women over forty." "THE excursion boat leaves this pier, does it not?" "Yes, lady. Never been known to take it yet." YOUR husband seems to be a victim of the tobacco habit." "No; I'm the victim. He thoroughly enjoys it." Hu: "I think only of you! And do yeu think only of me ? " She: "Why, George, I'm arrang- ing, my trousseau!" You can always tell a bachelor by noticing whether he carries a baby most like a lighted lamp or an old overcoat. " Somis men can take new furniture and make it look as if it was made a century ago," says a journalist. So can some children. SHF.: "How are you getting on with yrair bicycling, Captain Vert?" He (a beginner): ",Oh! splendidly; getting on about every two minutes." " Boais folks." remarked a coloured philosephsr, "don't 'pear ter take no pride in speakin de troof, 'ceppin' when it's gwine ter hurt somebody's fe,din's." Diu common house-fly makes 600 strokes of its wings per second when flying at its highest speed. The dragon•fly makes 11,500. Readers are invited to check the accuracy of these figures. MRS. KNACKLY : "What are yr.m looklm-• so pleased about, dear?" Mrs. Prylsigh " had a had shock I Such a dreadful scandal about our neighbours. Isn't it distressing?" WBAT is more beautiful than to see the simple faith with which a bald-headed man will buy an infallible hair restorative from a bald-Lee.cled baiter?

BOARDING SCHOOL IEACHER. "And nGW, Edith, tell me the plural of bady." Edith (promptly) ! " Twins." Wareea (to diner, who is absorbed in the menu), " What do you wish to eat, please?" Absent, minded Professor : " I haven't time to talk now Ask me after dinner." A SERNANT-GIRL, writing home to her paren'e, said: "1 am sorry I have no money to buy a stamp for this letter. I will put two on the next. A MAN has the name of Stealing, and he hates it. He thought to soften matters a little for hit only child, a daughter, so he gave her the Christian name of Worth. SUITOR (to her younger brother): "Conic, you ought to know; is there any chance for me?" Btother: "Oh, you're all right. That isn't what's troubling Mary. She's wondering if there's any chance for her. Sue : "Oh, Mr. Opouter, won't you recite for us this evening ? " Ha : "Really, there will be so many strangers present that ah--" She ; 4' Oh, don't mind them; they'll be gone before you're half through." !vlornen (wishing to hurry matters) : "Mr. Sampson has been coming here now for three years. I should think he would be getting tired of making love to you." Daughter: "I think he is. Last night he asked me to marry him." THE following strange and alarming notice wee exhibited some time back on the sands at a certain English seaside resort : "Visitors are cautioned against bathing within a hundred yards of this spot, several persons having been drowned here lately by order of the authorities-" MISS GLADYS : "You appeared very abruptly with your errand a while ago. You must not come so suddenly into the room when Mr. Smithers is spending the evening with me." Bridget: "Suddent. And is it suddent you call it, and mo at the kay-hole a full three-quarthers of an hour?" A FAMILY OF AMATEERS.—CuItured Mother: " My deae, your sister Clara is an amateur pianist, Dora is an amateur photographer, Edna is an amateur painter, and Elvira is an amateur astronomer, but you don't seem to be anything." Pretty Daughter: "Oh, yes, mamma, I am an amateur fiancee. Here's my first engagement- ring." "Mv good man," said the severe lady, "have you ever stopped to think how much money is wasted each year in tobacco and rum?" "No, mum, I haven't," answered the object. "It's a- taking up all my time jist now to figger out how meny families could be supported on the price of the extra material women put in their sleeves." HUSBAND: "I think, my dear, I must consult a physician." Wife : "What for ? " "For some remedy for my dyspepsia. I have most horrid dreams at night." • Better consult a veterinary surgeon." "A horse doctor?" "Yes. A horse doctor should be the best authority on night- mare." " JOHNNIE," said the teacher to one of the juveufle elms, " in your composition on George Washington you say he cut down a cherry tree with a saw. Don't you know he chopped it down with a hatchet ?" " Yes'm," replied Johanie, " but I couldn't spell hatchet." AFTER THE ACCIDENT.—Wife: "Why did you send the doctor away before allowing him to do anything for you?" Husband: "The fool said he could cure me in three days. Why, I'm insured for £lO a week, and my salary's only £5. I wonder what be takes me for?" HE WAS REFINED.—The Judge: "And for the levity with which you have conducted yourself during your trial I shall give you an additional fine of ten dollars. How does that suit you?" The Villain: "That is what I would call extra fine." HARRY: "She has jilted me, and I know I shall die. The disappointment wili kill me!" Aunt Hennah : "I know how dis p vntments affect one, Harry. But you will get over it. I felt just as you do now when I set that yeller hen on 13 eggs and only just got one poor chick out of the lot. THE HEAVENLY WAY.—Canon Knox-Little told a good story once at a church congress. He said he remembered a lych-gate in front of a beautiful church, which had been restored and made very nice. There was painted over the door, "This is the Gate of Heaven," and underneath was the large notice, "Go round the other way." litegiss : "My wife used to be rather foolish, but she's one of the most calm and sensible women in this town now. Why, say, do you know what size did yesterday?" Orcutt : " No, what?" lkins : "Saw a telegraph boy coming across the street toward our house and never fainted or hollered that she know 'something had happened to mamma!" DEAF and dumb beggar (at unexpectedly reneiving sixpence): "Oh, thankee, sir.' Bene- volent passer: "Eh ? What does this mean, sir? You can talk." Beggar (in confusion) " Y-ers, Ye see, sir, I'm only mindin' this corner for th' poor deaf and dumb man what belongs here." Benevolent passer (quickly) : "Where is he?" .Beggar (in worse confusion): "He's—lie's gone to the park t' hear the music." THE MAGICIAN TlME.—Mother—" What is the matter, Clara? You look distressed." Clara (a bride)—" George has—he had to go off on a—a trip, and he won't be back for—for two days—boo- boo!" Same mother (some years later)—" How long will your husband be away?" "Same Clara —" I forgot to ask." "MR. DIISENSERRY, I do not see why you go to the public-house so often." "For the sake of the music, my dear. The orchestra is one of the finest in the country. I sit there and drink in the delicious strains. A rhapsody fills up---" "Oh, fudge! The way your breath smells on your re- turn makes me believe that you drink in something lei deal stronger than music. It isn't rhapsody th:kt fills you up; it's beer."' THERE was an old darky who was very fond of fiehing. Day after day he used to be at the end of the pier with his line and hook, and generally with a group of little darkies around him. One day one ol these boys fell in deep water. Then the old darker threw down his rod, jumped in, and rescued the boy. A spectator, impressed with the act, said .—"He is your son?" "No, sah—no relation." "Then yon risked your life to save that of a child who was nothing to you which makes your act even more heroic." "Well, .you see, boss, dat inizzable chile had all de worms in ,-.eket.."

NerrfeltS.-151r5.1 Winslow's Soothing'Syrup has been need for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately It is pleasant to taste ; and i produces natural (inlet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain ' vild the Rub cherub awakes •• as lright as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle. Advt. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS, &O.—For Varicose Vei and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprain ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive, an are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s. 61 75 6d., and 10s. 6d. each—postage free. —WHIT F. All D VVIIIISHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Reu- el:law-street, top of Bold-street, LiTerpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER:

MY DEAR NELLIE, Children's parties are rife at this season. Year in, year out, however, nothing changes their supvernely good taste for white clothes, simply made, hence there is never anything very striking to narrate with regard to their attire. On fancy dress occasions there are opportunities for display. Parents will do well to consider the merits of forester costumes, bird, fruit, and flower dresses, and the less often exploited historical garbs that afford so large a choice. Little children are having their hair dressed now in the old manner; the boys with a manly parting at one side, the girls with their front tresses turned straight back, to leave their pretty brows quite uncovered. Soft white silk frocks inserted with lace and threaded with satin ribbon appertain to the latter, while the lads wear the kilt, the sailor suit, the American cow-boy shirt, with a velvet coat and knicker- bockers, and the regulation Eton costume which always looks well.

Amongst children's dresses may be mentioned a lady's costume of the time of Queen Anne. The skirt should be full, just touching the ground all round, of pale yellow silk or satin over-dress or sacque of blue, yellow, and ivhite-floweted silk open in front and draped back something in the style of a "fish-wife" skirt with bodice of the flowered silk joined to overdress at the back with pointed front laced across a vest of white gauze or lace with yellow cords, neck cut square in front with lace tucker; bell-shaped elbow sleeves with lace frills. Short wide apron of white muslin trimmed with lace and tied with yellow ribbons. Hair dressed high and powdered, with small lace cap and lappets. Another might he of the time of Louis XVI. Dress should be of pink apd mauve brocade over pink satin petticoat, pi &tin cuffs to sleeves, muslin fichu and ruffles, paste buttons and straps of black velvet. Black beaver (or satin) hat, black velvet, paste buttons; white plumes. Powdered hair tied at back with black velvet. Coming to later tap there is the lady's costume for the year 1800. Long dress of soft white muslin should be edged with two narrow frills; full muslin bodice out slightly low in a V-shape with small balloon.puffed short sleeves. Over the bodice there is a deep corselet belt of rich blue velvet fastened with a double row of gold buttons, and blue velvet is run through the lace frills at neck and sleeves. Hair dressed ia close curls with high fancy comb and ostrich feather plume. Very long white glova. should be worn.

There is one kind of costume that I like to see, and that is the pompadour. They are so extremely becoming, and may be carried out in such varied colourings, that they axe always attractive, and almost any dressmaker can make them up. Com- binations of palest green and rose, of pale blue and pink, or of white, yellow, and pink, are mostly employed. A white ground, with the effect of rich Bengaline, has not only white broch4 figures, but large trailing designs in bright pink and autumn-tinted leaves, which would be exquisite over a skirt of rose satin. With this should he worn plenty of old tinted lace, gold and coral, or gold and pearl chains, looped with gem brooches, and the stomacher of pink satin to match the skirt might be crossed by bands of soft lace insertion, or by tiny frills of lace.

You will remember that frieze, with a hairy surface, promised at the beginning of the autumn to make a fresh debut, and is certainly going to be the material above all others for smartness in the new year. It clings, which is desirable, and forms a decided contrast to the smooth-faced cloths of the present moment. When it comes a future will declare itself for cloth hats and gowns en .mite, and the model to be desired will be the turban poking forward in the front, yet not so definitely as to hide the coiffure. Perishable materials are thrown away on chil- dren's frocks, and they are best made of fine cash- mere, light silk or satin, or the stronger makes of muslin or gauze, such as do not tear easily. Coral necklets are being worn again, and the sleevebancls of coral, which all self-respecting babies used to possess, are being utilised for catching up the very short sleeves, which are the fashion for children of from four to seven. The greater simplicity ob- served the better for such youthful wearers, and it is a pity to see the elaborate embroderies on some of this yearcs frocks. Your loving JENNIE.

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS. testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism. Try one box ; if not satisfied, money returned. Is all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps.—HOLDEOYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLRCHH BATON, YORKS.

—, .--0.-• 'y Ito c' I:iis - • ' "Ct N , . ,(1, q...; ,‘,,, \ IR \i. ,k ' • ~, , \;.\,.\ \ \ s I s,\.•;\ ~. 1 „sc• \n )1 \ •,.‘ A4O .4.4 .. N

.t„ v.' 4 _'_• ti... • *. • •:, . . , • i, ik:rfctibe ;1111-4 A \ ~,p, • ... , f( .)' \• i ( : ii--, , :-:•:.) \\ \ 1 • - ~i:::, • ~' ~•!, Co?? .\\kA . ,

, : '",' ~..194, .5,1,1 - -,,,,.. ''.-7Tree,,,eily, ''..7..rp' .! . , r „frgs. tk, . ft.: \1k,..1,1„1/4._c: q \,‘-*,"4.4.2.,0,..:,7577i. • 1•'. \t.,4 ' ;.-` \ : lAA B'' f ' , 'P':* 1X,4 " . , ' ' ~.4,,, -,,.., / \\,1,,,\ ,;,,,,,:,,,, 4" ';., M:;1. . 'l4 \ 1 o'.llt ',4 -,\' ,'; . : \n 1i \ 44.-2' \ ' I. \ s44t \' a ; 'ca4,lo, :.,:;._, :,,, ~ 4 TT, AY ' \j; \\ '‘; ;;/.A.‘l 4 I:, \ k / ' \ '';,,t:'l;'6:; , ~, • '‘..., ) '','k' :*; ',-:.'Syer, .%e• "..1:07.,,,ZA \',144

===== 0002601_19010104_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Queen's arrangements for going abroad this spring, are still in abeyance. They depend upon the health of the Empress Frederick, and also to some extent upon the movements of Mr. Kruger. The ex-president is understood to be going to the French Riviera, and is I even said to select the same town as her Majesty,so tba: he may be able to show how much more popnlar he is in Europe, than Queen Victoria. In any case her Majesty could hardly tolsrate the presence of Mr Kruger, and unless some assurance is to be had on this point, the Queen will no doubt give up the idea of going to Cimiez, and favour San Remo or Be, dighera on the Italian Riviera. This would of course, seriously affect the season at Nice, where Mr Kruger I would probably be less welcome than he ima; nes. Like all people with a grievance, he soon tirA out I, s friends. and be has already worn out his welcome in Holland, where his prolonged stay is not a little embarrassing, ,in view of the forthcoming marriage of Queen Wilbelrnina. The death of the Dowager Lady Churchill recalls the fact that it was a Lady Churchill, nubsequratly Duchess of Marlborough, who was for years the most intimate friend of QU'ell Anne. There is how 4 ver a great differ- ence between that Sovereign and Queen Victoria, as Anne had but little strength of mind, and will, and permitted herself to be governed by her favourite who was perhaps more really Queen of England that Anne herself. Poseibly it was as well for the country that Anne's personal inclinations were thus kept in check. Queen Victoria on the other hand is essentially a woman of character as is shown not moll by her iafluence at Court, but also by the tact ana wisdom which Her Majesty always display's, in apprniating and guiding national sentiment.

The severe illness of the Bishop of London has served to elicit evidence of the extent to which Dr. Creighton has endeared himself by his charity to all sorts and con- ditions of roan. Beth in the diocese of Peterborough, and in that of London he has maintained the most friendly relations with the members of all denomine- Cone, and has afforded practical evidence that he really meant what he said when he spoke to the Congre- gational Union, of the " bond of peace" which he desired to see subsisting. In his efforts to strengthen suet] a bond, he is leading public opinion, and express- ing the feeling of a large number of good people who have had no opportunity of making themselves heard. For that reason, many who are not in communion with the Church of Eughind desire very sincerely his restora- tion to health, and hope that he may not again risk his life by trying to accomplish more work than one man Is capable of compassing. One of the most popular weddings of the season will be that of Major General Pole-Carew, with L%ele Beatrice Butler, even if it is not quite so elaborate as that of the Duke of Westminster, and Miss Cornwallis West. The General belongs to an old Catfish family. He is distantly related to Sir &elver; Buller, and has eerily recently returned from the Cape, after nearly a year's bard fighting with the Boers. The bride who was horn in 1876 is the elder of the two beautiful daughters of the Marquis and Marchionees of Ormonde, and her mother is a daughter of the late Duke of Westminster. Lady Beatrice, and her sister Lady Constance Butler are both heiresses to considerable wealth, but they have no brother, and the heir to the Marquis of Ormoade, is his brother, Lord James Arthur Butler. Neither Lady Beatrice nor Lady Constance Butler care much for town gaieties, preferring infinitely the delights of country life. 'Both girls are devoted to animals, and when at their historic seat—Kilkenny Castle—by far the greater part of their time is spent out of doors. The Castle, which is one of the show places in the country, Is most beautifully situated, and a conspicuous object within a radius of seven miles erf the marble city. One of its Ugreat features is the picture gallery, in which abounds the most valuable of portraits, the majerity dating from the Stuart period, the time of " the groat Duke of Ormende," The Castle also boasts some rare old I tapestry, and a wenderful service of gold plate, which is only used on the stateliest of State occasions. The popular belief that it was a picturesque black- smith who used to preside at the Gretna Green marriages is not borne out by Mr James Murray in his " Life in Scotland a Hundred Years Ago," lie speaks only of an ex-tobacconist in this capacity, who was shunned by all the respectable people of the neighbourhood for his drunken and dissetute habit. This was perhaps rather in keeping than otherwise with the laxity of the whole formality. At one time as many as three or four hun- dred marriages were performed dierin,g the year by the soi disant parsons of Gretna Green, but they were mostly of the lowest class of people from England. It was only the few who belonged to the higher ranks, and almost the last of these scandals, was the clandestine marriage of Lady Adele Villiers, a daughter of a former Earl of Jersey, with Captain Ibbetson. This event led to strong representations being made in influential quarters, and there is no doubt that it hastened the alteration of the law in Scotland. which virtu.lly abolished the privileges of Gretna Green, after 1856. The explanation why the wedding ring is worn on the third finger of the left band, has never bean satisfactor- ily determined. All that learned,writers are agreed upon is, that a gift of a ring was held by the most ancient peoples of the earth, to be a necessary part of the marriage ceremony. Some authorities say that the ring is worn on the left hand to show woman's subjection, or second place in the human family. Another theory is that the left hand was chosen because it is the least employed of the two, and that, for much the same reason the third finger was selected, because it is the least used, and the beet protected of any. Others speak of an old belief in a sempathetio connection with par- ticular nerves or arteries of the third finger, with the heart.but though this may have had something to do with establishing the custom, it is the merest fancy from a physinal point of view. Upon the whole, there seems most to be said for the theory that the adoption of the third, or next least finger, was a matter of convenience, or of preserving the ring as much as possible from wear. The fashionable bride now dons her veitrin two sec• tionr, the corner which falls over the face being separate. After the ceremony this corner is unpinned - a much more becoming and comfortable arrangement than throming it hack, a position which it invariably refuses to keep, however skilfully coaxed. Heavy lace veils are quite out of vogue, tulle being the favourite wear, finished at the edge with a tiny chiff sn ruche. There is quite a mania at the moment for bead neck- laces, and much rummaging in old chests, and trinket boxes, is in progress. The great thing is • careful selec-, tion of beade,otherwise the effect makes for tawdrios es Some very good venetian species, probably left o v from the msthetic days, are beieg worn by up-te-1 women, and a novel idea is not to make the chain into a circle, but finish each end with a tassel of the heads. This chain to be correct, should pass twice round the neck, the ends hanging down each aide on the bodice, The storm collar Is now rarely seen, and consequently the vast crop of sore throats and colds at one time usual at this season, is in great measure conspicuous by its absence. Tippets or eollarettes of fur are the wear, but are rarely fastened up, nearly all opening at the throat te show a little lace in jabot form. Even the favourite silk ruffle edged with fur is worn well on the shoulders, a net only fascinating, but healthful arrangement. The more one coddles the throat, the greater chance one stands of taking a chill. The great thing is to hit the happy medium and then keep to it. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_19010104_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNYSON AND THE "OORNHILL"

It occurred to ma that if I could secure Tennyson as a regular contributor to the new magazine he would prove a great attraction. Elis " Idylls of the King" had net long appeared, and I thought I would ask him to Write for us another set of " Idylls.' Tennyson was then on a visit to Mrs. Cameron on Putriev Heath. and ( wrote to ask if I might call upon him on matter of business. We made an appointment, and during our interview I offered to pay him five thousand guineas for as many lines as were contained in the " Idylls of the King "(in fact, for 4,750 lines), on condition that the poems should be printed in the "Cornhill Magazi-le" and ' that I should publish them for three years afterwards. That offer was really a " record "as far as the market rates of poetry up to that time were concerned. When compared with anything. Tennyson had yet received for his poems it might fairly be described as extravagant. Tennyson listened to my Proposal with entire calmness. Be asked me to smoke with him and chatted plesaantly ' • but rave me no idea as to whether my offer was acceptable • Mrs Tennyson presently came into the room. and Tennyson, address- ing her. said : "My deer, we are much richer than we thought we were. Mr. Smith has just offered MP fire thousand guineas for a book the faza of the ' And" he continusd, tt if Mr. Smith offers five thousand. of ClUrlie the book is worth ten ! " A remark at which we all laughed. Nothing came of this proposal, which I had no temptation to renew after the rau;d SUCCe3% achieved by the magazine. But Thackeray obtained from Tennyson his fine poem "Tithonus " for the second number.— From " Our Birth and Parentage," in the " Cornhill Magazine" for January.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Volunteer Ball.

The New Year's Eve ball in connection with the I local Volunteer Battalion was held in the Drill Ball, on Monday, The arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by the mess president and committee, and the duties of M.C. were discharged by Colour- Sergeant Spencer, assisted by Sergeant-Trumpeter Plinston. Dancing was commenced about 8.30, and continued until after 2 o'clock the following morning, nearly 200 persons being present. The music was supplied by the band of the cori-P,under the conductorship of Bandmaster Richardson. The caterißg was in the hands of Mr R Anderson, Cross Keys Inn, Buttermarket-street.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AMTNER, FRIDA V, JANUARY 4 1901

V.E. PUBLIC NOTICE.

WHEREAS WE, J. au d L. HARRIS. of 28 I and 30, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, being Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to the Act of Parliament of 1872. do hereby OFF RIC to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY LOW PRICES, One-third of the Original Cost, the following ARTICLES being goods pledged with us and not redeem° t within the statutory period. Each article has been restored to condition equal to new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if required) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned if goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. beauti- fully engraved cases, equal to new. warranted 25 years, £2 10s ; (258) Lady's High-class Gold Demi -Hunting Keyless Watch, plain cases, equal to new warranted 25 years, £5 10s ; (174) ditto, engraved cases, small size £3 18.68 ; (173) similar lot, £4 iss; (163) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, opal dial, engraved cases, warranted 25 years, £3 les; (172) similar lot, gold dial, £3 108 ; (187) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. by Elgin Watch Company, warranted 25 years, £4 511 ; (154) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very pretty watch. warranted 25 years. £3 3s; (153) 1 ady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watet-, richly-engraved cases, opal dial, warranted 25 years. £2 75 6cl ; (263) Lady's Gold Keyle:a Watch, very pretty style. richly engraved cases, warranted 25 years, £3 15a; (456) Lady's t-plate Keyless Watch. by Russell. Church-street, warranted 26 years; (232) Gent's Gold Key- less Watch, by Platenur warranted 25 years, £3 3s ; (220) Gent's English Lever Watch, by Russell. Church street, in maul re 1.8-ct. gold cases, warranted 25 years, £8 15s ; (237) similar lot. £9 15s ; (218) ditto. by Harris, £lO ; (212) ditto, by" Jones," £ll 15s : (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop £2 155 ; (412) ditto, £2 12s 6d ; (437) ditto, £2 9. 6d ; (652) DI .mond and Sapphire Half-hoop, £8 10s ; (107) I ditto, £22 lOs ; (108) £lB 10s; (169) Five-stone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l5 : (393) ditto, £35 ; (626) ditto, £3O ; (12) a magnificent Diamond Marquise Bing £3); (599) a lovely Pe ml and Diamond Ring, magnificent quality, £25; (596) Diamond and Emerald Half-hoop, £7 ; (102) Diamond and Turquoise Half-hoop ; (643) Lady's Five-stone Opal Half-hoop. 18-et. gold setting, 25s ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoop Diamond Ring, £5 16s ; 1/4468) ditto, £5 55,- (576). ditto. £7 10s ; (187) ditto, £9 9s ; (651) ditto. £l2 1011 ; (447) Gent's Single-stone Old- Brazilian Diamond Ring, £27 10s ; (101) ditto, £35 ; (89), ditto, £3O ; (589), ditto, £l6 10. ; (153), a Circular Diamond Pendent, to form brooch, corisposed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55 ; (700) lovely Diamond Star, Brooch or Pendant, £3B 10s ; (556) another, £25 ; (3 8) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch, £7 ; (101) Unique Carved Opal Brooch, £2O ; (750) a Regal Oriental Pearl and Diamond Necklace, £2OO ; OM; Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashionable style, £35 ; (104) Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 10s (165) Diamond and Ruby, lsct. gold, stylish, £5; pretty Pearl Breeelo.ts, from £l. 105 ; a large selection of Bracelets, all gennine forfeited pledges •, (1.17 O Gent's :mold AlLert. Governsnent stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, very massive, £5, (1,109) ditto, £4 17.68 ; (118) ditto,22 155; '1,334) ditto, £33u • (1.177) ditto £2 108 ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Fetter-link pattern, £2 14. ; (1,299) ditto, £4 Ss; (1,317) £2 10. ; (1.320) £2 13s • (1.168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern £2 15s ; (124) £2 17. 6d ; (262) £2 10s ; (1,204) £2 5. ; (1,291) Gent's Solid Gold Curb Albert £1 ss, marvel- lous value. It is admitted by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Alberts In Liverpool. Over 1,40 to select from. Value undeniable. SPECIAL OFFER. —A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern- ment stamped each link, over one ounce in weight, £2 3, 68. Valuables of all kinds Purchased, Exchanged, Sold on Commission, or received (in a confidential manner) as Security for Cash Advaoces. Any of the above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Quote Number and Article. SEND FOR OUR MONTHLY LIaT OF FORFEITED BARGAINS, POST FIIES. Established 1821. Telephone 5,949.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIS'S, 28-30, BERRY SYREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE DUTIES OF THE "MILITARY KNIGHTS."

" Among the many objects of historical interest which present themselves; to the visitor at one of the beautiful morning cervices held daily at St. George's Chapel, Windsor." writes F Kliekrnatin in the December number of the WINDSOR MAGAZINR, "the appearance of a num- ber of notilr-,oolsing old gentlemen of decidedly military hearing, whose bright scarlet uniforms are so mush in keeping with the splendour of the choir, cannot but , excite interest as to their origin and history. These are the Military Kr.ighte of Windsor. The duties of these veterans are by no meaai arduous, and considerable relaxatioa has been accorded to some of the mos; rigorous of farmer regulations. An uefailing daily attendance at Divine Service in St. George's Chapel is no longer compnlsory—indeed Iller Majesty has sanctioned ! this being dispensed with entirely where the Knights are Roman Catholics ; nevertheless, the members of the Order are supposed to be in their Stalls as regularly as possible, and this should not be a difficult matter to men whose time is not burdened with much else in the way of official duties. They are also required to attend at any installation that may be held in the Chapel, such as those of the Knight of the Garter, or of their own Order. They are likewise included in ISMS of the Court cere- monials, and form a picturesque adjunct at Royal recep- tions. Fun ' erals either those of Royal personages,buried in the historic Chapel, or those of the members of their fraternity, gain much in magnificence by the inclusion of these old officers in their gorgeous apparel, who always form part of the procession. The scarlet full dress is worn on State occasions, Sundays, and festivals ; the undress uniform, with the blue frock coat, is worn on Litany days, while mufti is permitted for evensong. The undress uniform is provided by the Knights out of their ewn revenues, and costs them about £l5 for each suit. This alone is somewhat a strain on their modest pension of £49 pr annum. They are allowed three months' leave of absencs each year—not a bad scale of holidays, one would imagine! Toe main bulk of the money paid to the Knights is derived from ths manor of Carbrook, Norfolk, on which a charge of £230 is annually levied, and out of which £4B is deduoted as 'Lod Tax '—a perceptible diministion on so small a sum! When it is taken into consideration that the Knights have to pro- vide themselves with light, fuel, medical attendance, and such like items to run a way with money, it will be seen that, much as the vacancies are essveted, they are of but small m Aerial benefit to the Knights themselves.

Telephonic No. 570.

Telegraphic Address: 'Nurses.'

Elastic Stockirws Surgical Bandages. Abdoritnal Belts. Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SON'S, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade.

ESTABLISHED 1866.

I . HOSPITAL 4t• TRAINED NURSES '' ...... c .4 . ci) o INSTITUTION % S. .... MALE AND FEMALE NURSES AND cn . I ATTENDANTS Z C co 2 MEDICAL SURGICAL & MONTHLY NURSES )d.' 0 ,u•PIArO TO THE CM.,CD MEDICAL PROFESSION PUBLIC HOSPITALS 2 Z de- • AND PRIVATE FAMILIES .IZ 0 ....1 r co HOPE STREk. r. LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19010104_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
((lopyrght. )

RUBY LOVEDAY.

BY SILAS K. HOCKING,

Author of "The Strange Adventures of Israel Pendray," "The Day of Recompense," "God's Outcast," "In Spite of Fate," "Her Benny, " Arc.

CHAPTER I.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMILY PRIDE.

"It is not empty vanity - To prize the name you bear," "I hate the whole business; and I kno-r I shall hate the people, with their stuck-up London ways." "I don't know why you should, Justin," his mother answered, in hurt tones; "it seems to me you ought to be very thankful." "I know I ought," was the impatient reply; "that is the annoying part of it. The money will be welcome enough, Heaven knows; but think of the annoyance, the inconvenience, the—the-----" "I knew what you would say, Justin," his mother interposed, mildly; "but pride is poor fuel to boil the crock with. Besides, if anyone suffers any inconvenience, it will not be you. Dorothy and I will have to bear the brunt of that." "Of course you will," he answered, in milder tones. "But don't you see that that doesn't mend matters in the least? I would a hundred times rather slave myself than see you slaving." "We are not going to kill ourselves, Justin. You need not fear that. Besides, it is only a matter of two months, and we shall drop back into the old ways again." "I'm not so sure of that," he answered, slowly. "These innovations and disturbances never leave things exactly as they were before. Next year, very likely you'll want to let the rooms again. Having made a beginning, it will be easy to go on. And then—" "Yes, and then, Justin?" she questioned, sharply. "There's nothing dishonourable that I know of in letting part of your house during the summer, especially when seasons are bad and money is scarce. Besides, the Lovedays will not be like ordinary lodgers. I shall look upon them in the light of paying guests. You know what Cousin Phil says about them." "I do. I wish he had said less. These London Nabobs expect to be waited upon hand and foot. Paying guests, indeed! They'll regard you as a paid servant." "You know nothing about it, Justin. You might at least wait until they arrive. It doesn't follow because they are rich that they won't know how to behave." "I know more than you think," he answered, shortly. "When Phil was down at Easter, we had low, talks together, and he told me how those London swells live. Look at Phil himself, and he wasn't to the manner born, and yet it's easy to see what he thinks of us now." "If Phil had been to the manner born, as you call it,. he would not put on so many airs and graces," was the quick reply. "That's the worst of those people who get on so fast. For a genuine snob, commend me to someone who was dug out of the gutter." Justin laughed and shrugged his shoulders. "That's a bit hard on your own relatives, isn't it ? " he questioned. "Relatives or no, there's no denying that Phil was dragged up in a rough-and-ready fashion. That wasn't poor Mary's fault, for she died when he was a baby. We none of us thought anything of Passmore, and were all sorry when she married him." "He managed to give Phil a good start, any- how." "He managed to do nothing of the sort. lie died heavily in debt, as everybody knows. Phil has been fortunate, though I don't deny he's clever as well." "Of course he's clever. Why, he's getting a thousand a year at the present time, if he's getting a penny, and here am I passing rich on a pound a week." "My dear boy, a man may be just as happy on a pound a week as on twenty pounds a week." "Yes, I've heard that before," was the reply. "Nevertheless, I would like to try the twenty pounds a week just by way of experiment. I con- fess I'm getting sick of grubbing along in this humdrum way fi•orn year to year, especially when we've to take in lodgers to help things out. "Nobody said we were compelled to take in lodgers, Justin. Your father objected to it at first. But you know the farm is doing badly this season, and Dorothy and I thought we might as well make a few pounds when we had the chance. Three pounds a week for eight weeks running is not to be sneered at." "I know that very well, mother; but don't you see how humiliating it is to father and to me that we are not able to earn enough between us to keep things going as we would like. Ah, if I were only earning a quarter of what Phil gets, there would be no talk of taking in lodgers." "Your father says nothing about humiliation. He seems to have less pride than his son. He thinks if you earn what you earn honestly, nothing else is worth troubling about." "Between pride and a reasonable self-respect," Justin said, shortly, "there is a difference. I own I dislike the idea of letting apartments, for we have carried our heads pretty high in the past. And I dislike especially letting them to people who are used to something so totally different. I can fancy how Miss Loveday will turn up her little nose with scorn at our primitive ways, and old-fashioned furniture, and country methods of doing things. I hope, at any rate, she will let off none of her criticisms in my hearing." "You needn't see her that I know of, Justin, or any of the others. They will have the front part of the house, and we shall live in the back. The front door and the front stairs' will be for their exclusive use while they are here, so you needn't

worry." "I sincerely hope I shall not see them," was the hasty reply. "I know if I do, I shall have a difficulty in being civil." "I think you are very unreasonable, Justin. You have taken a prejudice against people you have never seen, and are prepared to listen to nothing in

_ their defence." "I expect lam a bit unreasonable," he said, after a pause, rising slowly to his feet. "Anyhow, I will make a point of keeping out of their way," and he turned and walked out of the room. In the open air he felt in a less captious frame of mind. It was a fresh, breezy evening in late June. The scent of newly-cut hay filled the atmosphere. The old orchard that stretched away from the back of the house to the foot of the slope seemed alive with twittering birds, and over all lay the soft glamour of the evening sunshine. For awhile he loitered in the orchard, and interested himself in examining the young apples, some of which were already beginning to shew a touch of red on their cheeks. Then he climbed over a stile at the far end, and began to ascend the slope towards a plantation of firs that crowned the summit, and sheltered the old farm-house from the north-westerly gales. At the edge of the plantation he paused and turned round, and, leaning his shoulder against a rail fence, surveyed with a little thrill of pride the quiet pastoral scene that lay at his feet. Endilloe had been the home of the Pentyres for half-a-dozen generations at least, and because the house, together with the garden, orchard, and several meadows was freehold, they had been people of some dis- tinction in the neighbourhood, for owners of free- hold Were few and far between. There was- a tradition that an earlier Pentyre owned a Hundred acres of land besides, contiguous to the house and garden, but that a great county magnate, who owned nearly the whole of the parish of St. lago, with a number of other parishes, dis- puted his title, and succeeded at length in wresting the farm from him, and adding it to his own pos-

sessions. Anyhow the hundred acres of land that sur- rounded Endilloe were rented to-day, and heavily rented, too. And it was this that kept the Pentyres on the edge of respectable poverty and sent Justin into the neighbouring town of Trelford to earn the munificent sum of fifty-two pounds ten shillings per annum as principal salesman at a seed, manure, and agricultural implement store. Justin was a high-spirited young fellow, having a full share of pride and considerable faith in his own abilities if fortune would only give him a chance of exercising them. At present he believed he was buried alive. There was no scope for any kind of ability at Trelford. The little town was asleep six days out of seven. It was only on market days that it ahewed any sign of being awake. Then farmers drove in from all the country round to make their purchases and sell their farm produce. Then their wives and daughters sat in rows in the tiny market-house with baskets of butter and eggs on their knees. Then boys and maidens who had half-

noliday or were -out or work walked Into the town to enjoy themselves. Then the shopkeepers pat on their best clothes and smiled benignly on all their customers. Then the store—in which Justin held so conspicuous a place—put oil its most festive look, and everyone appeared to be in the greatest hurry, whether customers were present or absent—for it was a tradition among the shop. keepers of Trelford that the best way of attracting customers was to appear to be overwhelmingly busy. Moreover, it was a tradition founded on experience. Customers were known to fight shy of shops where nothing appeared to be "going on," and it was even hinted that certain tradesmen arranged for their friends and domestics even to stand round in their shops in slack times so as to give an appearance of great commercial activity. Justin—though he loathed the weekly hypocrisy, and longed to get away from the narrow, niggling life to which he was doomed—was quite an expert in giving an appearance of activity even in the slackest hours of that weekly market-day. In fact, he had earned the reputation of being the smartest salesman in Trelford ; and so much did his employers value his services that they had, unsoli- cited, raised his salary from fifty pounds a year to fifty-two pounds ten. But though he had practically reached the top of the tree he was very far from being satisfied. True, it was better than working a rack-rented farm on insufficient capital, as his father and grand- father had done before him. He was thankful that he had broken the succes- sion of farmers. If the hundred acres his father farmed had been freehold, as it was originally, he would gladly have stepped into his father's shoes and handed on the succession. But to toil year in and year out for the enrichment of a man who was rich to rottenness already; to see all the value of improvements claimed by the owner, who never lifted a finger to improve his own property—that he would never consent to. He told his father, the day after he left school, that he would go to sea, or enlist as a soldier, or work underground in the mines; but a farmer he never would be, and that nothing on earth should compel him. He quite expected that this outburst would be met by strong coercive measures. But to his sur- prise his father smiled sadly, and said: "Very well, Justin, I shall not force you into it." "Then you are not angry with me?" "No, my lad. If you can find an easier way through the world find it by all means. There's no pleasure in farming in these days." "Is there ever any pleasure in it ?" the boy asked.

"There might be. I can conceive of nothing more delightful under some circumstances. To watch the seeds shoot, and the trees bud, and the corn ripen; to listen to the cackling of the poultry and the bleating of the lambs; to stand in the soft /rummer rain when the earth is dry and watch it drinking up the moisture; to lie awake of summer nights and hearken to the corncrake in the far-off fields. Ah, my boy, what can be finer than that. But when you remember that the fruit of your toil is not yours, that the lambs, and the corn, and the fruit have all to be sold to pay a rent that the land will not bear; that you plod, and plan, and pinch yourself from January to Christmas to find yourself at the end of the year poorer than at the beginning; that if you make an improvement or find a more remunerative market for your produce your rent is raised at the next letting day—well, under circumstances like these there is no joy in it. The people who do nothing and who, in the sight of Heaven, have no more right to the land than you have, reap all the fruit of your toil, and you grub your way to the grave in weariness and despair." Justin looked up at his father in wonder, lie had never heard him make so long a speech before, nor one that was so tinged with bitterness, for John Pentyre was a meek and gentle-spirited man, who was rarely heard to complain, and who accepted his lot with patient resignation. "Then you will let me try to get my living in some other way ? " the boy asked at length. "Yes, my lad, try your best. I think I can trust you not to do anything foolish." So on the following day the lad went to Trelford and engaged himself as an errand-boy, and so had worked himself up to his present position. Justin thought of all this as he leant against the fence and looked down upon the quiet home- stead nestling among the fruit trees at his feet. Yet there was no feeling of exultation in his heart. Part of his salary also went to pay the rent, and now, as a last humiliation, lodgers were to be taken, and the best rooms in the house were to be handed over to strangers.

CHAPTER 11. A WAGER. "The life of every man is a diary In which he means to write one story And writes another."

A few evenings later, on his return from Trelford, his sister Dorothy met him at the garden gate. "You had better come round to the back door, Justin," she said, in a half-whisper. "Our visitors have arrived." "Oh, indeed " Then he paused suddenly. Other words were on the tip of his tongqe, but second thoughts came to his rescue. Nothing was to be gained by making himself disagreeable, especially as upon Dorothy nod his mother would fall the bulk of the worry mid inconvenience. "I know you don't like it," Dorothy went on. "You think it is humiliating; but I don't see why. Everybody does it nowadays. You see, Cornwall is becoming quite popular, and I don't see why we should not take advantage of the vogue and make hay while the sun shines." - "I don't like to see you turned into a waitress, Dorothy," he said, with a smile, "but if you don't mind, it is not for me to complain." "Oh, I don't mind in the least," she said, brightly; "indeed, I think I shall enjoy it for a change. But, do you know, I was terribly nervous before they came." "And now ?" he questioned. "Why, you will scarcely believe it, but I feel as though I had known them a low".' time already." "I suppose they have patronised you and called you by your Christian name? Just like those purse-proud nobodies with their familiar ways." "Now you are making yourself nasty, Justin, and assuming what isn't true. Nobody could have been nicer, and they have treated me with every respect. Why will you be so prejudiced against people that you know nothing about?" "I don't know, Dorothy; it is very foolish of me, no doubt. But is supper ready, for I am terribly hungry in spite of the heat ?" "It's ready and waiting. But don't be long over it, for I want you to take me for a walk. I've been in the house the whole of the day, and, besides, I have a lot to tell you." "All right. You remain in the orchard till I come out," and he disappeared suddenly into the house. - .

Dorothy walked up and down under the trees swinging her straw hat in her hand. The sun was setting behind the plantation, and decorating the uppermost boughs with long streaks of vermilion and gold. Nearly all the fields lay in shadow, and in the orchard a cool wind stirred and awoke low whispers among the leaves. It was an ideal summer evening—cool and fragrant after the sultry heat of a cloudless day. Justin took full time over his supper, bu. Dorothy shewed no impatience. It was just delightful to loiter under the trees and listen to the sparrows chirping in all directions and feel the soft breath of the wind stirring the straying locks of soft brown hair that lay so lightly upon her *ow. Delightful, too, to dream her maiden dreams and weave all manner of pleasant fancies, and see her castles rising in the air great, and noble, and stroll.. She was of a hOpeful temperament, for in reality, there was not much prospect of any of her dreams being realised. But it was not her nature to argue out such questions. She was young and a woman, and it is of the very genius of youth to fling rainbow arches across impassable ravines, and of the indestructib'e nature of a woman to hope when all ground of hope has been taken away. Dorothy had her silent hours of sorrow, when her lips trembled in spite of herself and the tears were abundant upon her cheeks. But she never despaired. Her hope was as constant as the day- light, and what to others were proven facts were to her but idle dreams, which the unfolding of some future day would scatter to the winds. Justin came out at length, and without a word they walked away together. Dorothy took his arm 'as they climbed the slope. But they did not speak until they got into the heart of the plantation. By this time the sun had disappeared, but the sky was still aflame with his light, and the wind was humming merrily in the tree tops. A few minutes' brisk walking and they came out on the other side of the plantation, and in a moment the whcle scene was changed. Right and left stretched a heathery common, destitute of tree or shrub, and in front lay the gnat ocean still and almost silent, like a monster fast asleep.

"true sea scareety moans to-nignt," .uorotnr said, as she stood on the brink of the cliff and looked down. "Deark,-n, Justin, did you hear that deep note, or, rather, did you feel it, for it is almost too deep to be heard Y" "Oki Neptune is dreaming," he said, with a male. "Look out yonder by the headland and sea how hie bosom heaves. After all the mischief he has wrought, it is no wonder that he sleeps uneasily." "And yet we love the great restless creature," Dorothy answered, with her eyes still fixed on the rising tide below. Then she turned suddenly. "It's too much trouble to go down on the rocks," she said. "Let's sit here on the heather." "It would be too much trouble to climb up again," he answered, following her. "Besides, I thought you had a lot to tell me ?" "So I have when we can find a comfortable seat. Ah, here is an arm-chair, cushioned and com- plete," and she sat down suddenly in a bank of heather. In 'a few moments he was seated by her side, and they were looking off upon the trackless ocean that was growing solemn and myterious under the gathering shadows. "Did it ever occur to you, Dorothy," he said, "that modern discovery has robbed the world of nearly all its romance ? ' "No," she answered, demurely. think I know exactly what you mean." "I mean that as far as the world itself is con- cerned there is little or nothing more to find out. Think of how this great ocean would appeal to our forefathers. It was a mystery unmeasured and unexplored to them. They would stand here ott these very cliffs and wonder what lay out there beyond the sunset—wonder if there were other lands or other worlds, or if the sea stretched away for ever. What scope there was for the romancers of those days, what a field for the imagination. But there's no room for romance any more. Those shadows out there on the horizon don't impress me with any sense of mystery. I know the size of the ocean and the shape of it. Ido not wonder what lies beyond. I know America is out there on the slope of tlie circle. We've measured up all the oceans and explored all the continents, and made s chart of the bottom of the sea, and there's nothing left to wonder about or excite the imagination." "Oh, that's all nonsense, Justin," she said, in her quiet way. "You have not seen the world when you've looked at a map, nor all that is in it because you have been to Wombwell's wild beast show. I really think it is time you had a change

"And I don't

of air." "I think so myself," he answered, with a laugh, "but, unfortunately, there's no such luck. A. pound a week won't run to such luxuries." "No, I suppose not. But let us not get on to that subject, please. I want to talk to you about something much more pleasant." "That's good of you. I'm all attention." "Do you remember saying last week that you would wager your Sunday hat Miss Loveday was a vinegary- female of uncertain age, and dowered with a long catalogue of ailments ?" "Did I say so much ?" "You did. As a matter of fact you said a great deal more, but I've forgotten the rest; not that that matters, for it was not worth remembering." "No ? Then you've done wisely, my sweet sister, in forgetting." "I know that very well. But what I want to Impress upon you is, the foolishness of prophesying until you know." "May I ask if that remark is original'?" he inquired, with mock seriousness. "No, you may not. You want to turn me off on a side issue again, but I'm not going to let you. I expect you to bring me a new hat from Trelford to-morrow, and don't let it be a shabby one, either." "Oh, my l" ho said, with a laugh, "this is getting serious. But let me see where we are. You say that I wagered my Sunday hat that Miss Love- day was an elderly spinster." "Exactly, and you've lost." "But as far as 1 remember you did not accept the wager." "And if I didn't that's nothing to do with it. You said what wasn't true, and so you've lost." "In that case, then, I shall have to give you my Sunday hat." "Your Sunday hat, indeed," and she laughed a low, silvery laugh. "But you are just like a man, Justin, you seem unable to see a plain issue whem it is placed before you." "I'm afraid that is true," he answered, trying to look grave. "But, admitting your distinctly feminine argument to be conclusive up to the present point, I fail to see, even now, how you have established your claim." "Well I never. How blind you must be." "Granted that that is true," he answered, hi the same bantering tone, "still, you have given me no proof that what I said was not correct." "No proof. Haven't I told you that she is the very opposite?" "Your testimony is valuable, no doubt, my dear sister; still, it is not proof." "Oh, isn't it ?" was the ready answer. "Do you think I've no eyes, or that I don't know how to use them. I tell you, Ruby Loveday is the - prettiest creature you ever saw, and she isn't more than nineteen if she's a day." "And is this the news you were so eager to communicate?" he questioned. "I wanted to prove to you how stupid and preju-. diced you have been. From the very first you made up your mind that the Lovedays would be disagreeable people. Well, they are nothing of the sort, they are the-very opposite, in fact, and as for Ruby—well, all I can say is you had better remain out of her way if you wish to keep heart.* I whole." "I intend to keep out of their way," he answered, "but not for any such reason as you suggest. To begin with, I don't want to be patronised or asked to run errands, and in the next place I have no . interest in people whom I have never seen, and when they leave here we shall never see again." Dorothy rose to her feet and laughed. "Look here, Justin," she said, "I'll wager that new hat you owe me that before a month is over you'll be , more interested in the Lovedays than any of us." "Indeed. But I thought you advised me just now not to prophesy?" "So I did. And I tell you again you should never do so, for you aro always miles and miles out when you try." "Don't you think you would be safe in follow-. ing your own advice ? ' "Not in this case, for I know what I am talking about. What lam afraid of is that you will fall head over heels in love, and then the last state of that man will be worse than the first." "It would be very much worse," he answered, with a smile. "But you needn't fear, Dorothy. If I ever fall in love it will not be with a City miss. I shall need a wife, if 'ever I marry, who understands housekeeping, and who knows the value of a shilling." "Well, then, you had better keep out of Ruby Loveday's way, for she has the sweetest and the most bewitching eyes you ever saw. I tell you I'm lialf in love with her myself; and you know girls don't think much of girls as a rule. But Ruby Loveday is just lovely, she is indeed. She le as dainty as a spring flower, and as graceful as a fawn; not that I know what a fawn is, but it's the proper kind of simile I know." "Yes, go on," he said, with another laugh, "the simile is quite appropriate. What other good qualities sloes she possess ?" "Oh, she's sweet tempered, chi) is, and good and kind. I'm soy fail in love with her, Justin." "I hope not, Dorothy. dianoec are I shall not see her they', • t, .:.0 Miuch danger in that directioi "Well, your only 11,.0e is ti beep out of the way. But who comes her, I wonder ?" and she stepped aside and peered.int o the shadowy planta- tion. "It's the Loveclays, as I'm alive," she whispered. "They've come out to explore the neighbourhood and catch a glimpse of the sea before it grows quite dark. There's no escape for you, Justin, so steel your heart and do the agreeable at the same time." (To be continued.)

I

\

~ IRRITATION :n a very shor' M.BEETI-lAM. CHEL"

Bal:tios 6 and 25.6.

INI

4! % Sunda fitting his r. mi 24. g.r roman' of ih OCOuri, or d at'Pam dio giy A of its your taanif op rl.l pro.izio witho

but, and d tencni most it—th Th- 1! attair its pr, aniph rnnst up wth 1

winF grPa' la' int Wa ah.ar thpy. VPry tho whin' elf in: tn.IPV work Coo.i thA as,er Whei tpt,2 ou- fit ro. that in all t 1,13 t Tflttr. Glei! calla

1 Awo L 9 Le) You HAVE t SOFT VELVETY ,P ', , 1- St'c'Fi 9 1 tTii,:w ar,7.„' i ' 0 rp.' 1 MO* Ai -toe^' will entirely 1 ~4 + remove ail ), 1 11 ROUGHNESS,CHAPS,,?. - 7 . TAN. . ir wt time. 41 i ~ 8., Sor•z. 0 ..TENI-lill'.. .2,-Cri,C2-q.11,42-63433-MHZ041341041,01-Ci

) off ou t you. relford y one,

his is 3. You I Love-

;-ith it. 70 you ghed a man, e when

ying to tinctly to the w you

red,ll2 given t." 3 is the iy dear

"Do pw how is the 't more

ager to

prejn- rst you Duld be aing of et, and better ) heart-.

swered, .st. To r asked Etave no en, and in.,, "Look new hat ou'll be of us." me just

should A miles

follow. talking will fall state of

Lswered, )orothy. ts City ry, who ows tho

of Ruby Lnd the tell you ou know Le. But

She i 3 fi.d. a I:* it's the laugh, t other Oho is, tia love

===== 0002601_19010104_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
I

kPq, me. ON. I.IIY -

===== 0002601_19010104_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
said, Id of

===== 0002601_19010104_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
z)wo. are atuch.

; of the and she planta- " she llore the the sea cape for do the

Dr.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
are equally well adapted to the Disorders of All Ages and Both Sexes.

LIFE A BURDEN AT EIGHTEEN. (See portrait above.)

A Norwich Mercury reporter had a chat the other day with Mrs. Easton, landlady of the Ratcatchers' Inn, at the little village of Cawston, near Norwich, when she told the reporter the whole story of the remarkable recovery of her daughter Harriet. EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE. Mrs. Easton said :—" Harriet was first taken with fainting fits and sickness. Her weakness grew on her gradually. At last she could not get upstairs without losing her breath, and as for sweeping a room, she was no more fit for the work than a child. Her heart, too, was so bad that we could hear it beating right across the room. If she tried to walk into the village, she was tired before she got there. I had doctors in, who said she was suffering from anemia. She took to her bed for several weelis, but seemed very little better when she managed to get up again. "It was just then that we read a little book telling us about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and the wonderful cures they had effected. We decided to try a box, and she had not taken the pills more than two days before we noticed a decided change for the better. She was not so low-spirited as she had been: the heart's action no longer distressed her and her breathing improved. But for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I feel sure she would not have been here now." Judging by the bonny looks of the daughter, who sat close by, substantiating her mother's story, gooNhealth was regained rapidly. Mrs. Easton added: "Some days she would eat nothing; now she has a really good appetite. She used to make me quite nervous, but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have made a woman of her." A WARNING,

iir 1, ; ft

..-__:_-

'THIS WONDERFUL CEN- TURY.'

INTERESTING REVIEW BY THE REV. J. YONGE.

Wycl:ff Congregational Church, Warrington, on Sunday ,woning. the Rev. Junta Yongo selected as a fitting uhc " Thli Wonderful Ceutury." He based his r.ttrtork on the texts "Remember that thou TnltlliFy His work, woich men behold" (Job 38 chapter 24 verse). "He bath made We wonderful works to be remembered" (Psalm 111 Verse 4 ) It would be a misuse of that unique opportunity, he sail if our time were occupied with a mere epitome of event, or achievement, or development, or progress as such. Therefore, in attempting what in the brief time now at disposal. seems beset with insuperable difficulty, to give compressed account of the 19th Century, in some of its principal events and characteristics, their endea- vour must be to think of the wonderful period as a manifold, continual revelation of Divine thought and op ration. As we note the striking evidences of man's Progress and achievement, we must remember that wittiout God man could bs,vo accomplished nothing. "A MARVELLOUS HISkORY." Now there can be no question that this closing Cen- tury has a most marvellous history. Whatever denote and drawbacks there may still be to human exis- tence and experience, it is the simplest and most unoontrovertible truth to say—despite every Ctni'al querist who may affect to doubt it-_-t' at life has never been so worth living an to-day. The 19th Century bas exceeded in its developments and attainments, not only its immediate predecessors, but all its p-edecessors put together. Such, at any rate, is the emphatic opinion of Dr. Russell Wallace, one of the fore- no,st of living scientists, who says in his recent book Sap ie he oentury that "to get any adequate comparison `a. th the 19th Century we must take,ni.it ay preceding Cenhlr9, or group of centuries, but rather the whole pr,.cr.dinu epoch of human history" and be gives aneundant evidence to justify that striking opinion. Ilardly any of us will have formed any adequate idea of what this century has witnessed and achieved. Of course we know that many grew. discoveries have been made. We know that popu- la' on and wealth have increased by leaps and bounds. We knew further that we live to-day in conditions far ahead (if any that our forefathers knew. But beyond thesiiimany general facts we probably have formed only Very partial and imperfect conceptions. As we attempt thi-i review, lot US " remember to magnify His work whici, moo boricl." Every true and right achievement of man is fundamentally an operation of God. Every marvel that science enables man to work is a marvellous work of God. For what is bcience? Is it not the dig- floc-ry and knowleclite of the laws of God in nature, in the material world ? The electrician simply uses the iiii-ertained force.. of God according to the laws of God. When he employs electricity to convey thought as in the telegraph, or sound as in the telephone, man is carrying ow the provisions and purposes of God for human wel- fare. Thera can be no doubt, I think, as to tba fact that the characteristic of this 19th century, more Or less in all the civilised world, but especially in this kingdom, hiin been that of an "enormous and unprecedented m otitis]. proeperit-y." Mr S-ead, i his admirable Corisiimas supplement to the "Review of Reviews" aptly Calls it

" VIE MECUANICAL CENTURY." " It is the century of the locomotive, of the steamsh.ip, of the dynamo." Mechanical invention and contriv- w.le have entirely revolutionized the life of humanity. Fr .m the earliest historic times there has been uo change In the methods of human locomotion until the second q _niter of this century when great railwaya began to be enostrueted. Until then man's modes of travel on land w .re pedestriiin or equestrian ; and by sea, he travelled as wind and tide permitted him. But now, during this ntury, he had become able to traverse the at 60 miles an hour and to voyage a.ro the sa from Liverpool to New York in less than B;3c days. In this respect, more progress has been

SERIOUS EFFECTS OF A SHOCK IN OLD AGE.

(See portrait above.)

Mr. John Bates, of Home Cottage, Mill-lane, Sydenharn, London, S.E., told the story of his great misfortune to a representative of the Crystal Palace Times, recently. He said :--" One night in October, 5898, I was walking home through Wells-road when I was knocked down by a horse and cart, and nearly stunned. I was cut over the eye, and, besides being badly shaken, was severely bruised all over my body. I was removed home, put to bed, where I lay for three weeks, and for another six weeks I felt very bad indeed. Such an accident for a man of my years—

I AN NOW SEVENTY-FOUR —was rather serious, and I sustained a shock which affected me to such an extent that I suffered badly from loss of memory. I was, of course, in the hands of a doctor, yet I did not seem to recover. Then my right arm and leg became affected, and I could not use eiL'ier of them much. I had to give up my business, and for a con.iderable time could only hobble about. " .7ut I'm much better now. I found after the doctor left me that my health was far from satisfactory; I could not seem to get well at all. Then my son suggested that I should try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. We had read a number of cases where cures had been brought about in people suffering from various ailments, and my son brought me a box of the pills. I commenced to take them, carefully following the directions, and quickly felt the difference: I was very much better by the time the box was exhausted. I recommend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills whenever I have an opportunity, for I am a firm believer in them after the change one box v(orked in me."

lain the genuine pills unless they bear the well-known title' in full, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People (seven words), printed in red on a pink paper wrapper enclosing a wooden tube. Insist on having the genuine pills, for no substitute ever cured anyone. in case of doubt send to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, enclosing price, 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes.

achieved during the 19th Century- than ever before in the history of the world. Think also of the century's achievements in the conveyance of thought. You take your letter to the post, or you receive your letter fro= the postman and you deem it the very commonest ad , most ordinary incident of daily life. You expect to send or receive letters to or from the ends of the earth in brief spaces, and with the utmost regularity and for the smallest cost. If you want to be still more expeditious in communication than the express train or the mail steamer by employing the telegraph, you reach your friend in the distant town or at the antipodos at lightn- ing speed. Or you may even actually talk with your friend in London or Edinburgh or Paris by using the telephone, by which he can hear you speaking here,and you can listen to him speaking thorn. But until rail- ways began.—your letter would have had to go by special messenger, or by the mail coach, or the sena' packet; and telegraphs and telephones had not been even dreamed of!

THE 4 RIGHTS OF WOM&NHOOD.

'THE SCANDALS OF THE 19TH CENTURY

considerable as to produce for a moment an apathy of self-satisfaction." 'Maio words of the eminent, although at present somewhat indefinable statesman,serve to point out that " Freedom's battle oft begun" will have in many matters to be again begun in the New Centary. There are many tyrannies still rife : many inequalities yet extant : many social conditions, even in free coun- tries like our own, which .call for re-adjustment, and In some cases utter destruction. But the general drift of this age has been towards liberty. In that tendency, shall we not gratefully recognise the uplifting and redeeming power acid grace of God 10

Wo.en, as well as men, should rejoice to recognise how much the rentury has done towards the advance- ment of the rights of womanhood. It may not be the , case that the curious eccentricity, known as the " new woman," commends itself to tha intelligent and the seemly of either sex. That woman should be elevated to her rightful equality with man does not necessarily or properly involve that she should either usurp his style, or seek to occupy his place. But that woman should have personal rights of property equally with man, and personal political rights, has becom3 generally recognised and is being gradually realised. There are splendid social services that woman Can render from which old prejudices, and even old laws, have long debarred her. These have been steadily giving way, and woman can now share in the councils of poor law unions, and school boards, in both of which realms she can be of invalu- able service. She will preseatly fled access to county councils, and if county, why not town ? There are social laws which can only be best administered, or adjusted, or created by the help of women. The 19th Century in this kingdom has arrived at the recognition of this, and the 20th will no doubt complete the realisa- tion. The youneer woman of to-day will do well to have an eye to all kinds of social service. There are countless sisterly works that they can do, loving minis- tries and services of practical common womanly sense, by which they can bless human life. There can be little doubt that the large uplift and development of the Int and service of woman may be considerably due to the influence and example of that great and good woman' who for the greater part of this century has occupied the throne of this realm. POPULAR EDUCATION.

Think yet again of the vast development this Ago has seen in Popular Education. When, in the course of the preceding century, Raikes became the founder of Sunday Schools, be was largely moved to it by the double ignorance of the children, their ignorance of the G and their ignorance of the commonest elements of knowledge. It has remained for this Century to per- ceive that Elementary Elucation is the birthright of every child : that it is National Duty to impart it, and to pay for it. The Progress of this National Work has been beset and is still beset with manifold difficulties, mainlylarising from ecclesiastical assumptions and relig- ious intolerance. But no one can doubt that the Great Eiucational, Revolution inaugurated in 1870 by the late W E Forster, has produced untold and incalculable benefit to this nation at large. The 20th century, it is to be confidently expected, will not be many years old ere a complete scheme of National Education shall be perfected and,established, and the still existing impedi- ments of denominational interests and bigotry will be swept aside. THE CONDITION OF THE 43EOPLE. . .

Now, it might, perhaps, have been thought that a century which has introduced so many popular reforms, —by which the government of the country has become vested in the hands of the people,—would have seen larger improvement in the condition of the people. When in the middle of the century, the governing power was entrusted to the masses, as distinguished from the classes, it was fully expected that the masses would have effected some far reaching changes in their social state. That has not been done at any rate to the extent we would hava wished. Still there exist conditions of human life, in the larger towns and cities especially, which are a disgrace to civilization, a satire noon Christianity, and a menace to the public weal. Still 'it continues to be possible,—almost it sometimes seems even more possible than ever,—for bloated wealth to luxuriate at the West End, while gauntest and most hideous poverty shivers and starves at the East End.

in this country are the millionaires and the starving! And yet,it must not be forgotten what vast amelioration of the state of the destitute poor has been effected by Poor Law Reform, so largely helped in their days by the pens of Thomas Hood and Charles Dickens. The work- houses of to-day are palaces, and the Workhouse Infirmaries Royal Hospitals compared with similar institutions, 50 or 100 years ago. Still the inevitable, inalienable stigma attaches to these last refuges of tha poor, but anyway they are humanely managed upon the truest principles of sanitatioo, and with:every neces- sary provision of food, warmth and comfort. All this has come about under the practical influence of a phil- anthropic humanity, whose spirit is of God. The preacher proceeded to show that England of to-Jay is a better place to live in than the England of a century ago. After a reference to the revival of militarism brought about by the unhappy war in South Africa, " Perhaps the moment has hardly come," the preacher continued, " when this nation of ours will listen with tolerant attention to councils of toleration,but the coming of that moment may well be the burden of every Christian's prayer. Reference was also made to the fact that the century had been a century of missions:

CADBURY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation as a deli. cions, strengthening beverage, alid a valuable nutritive food the "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highest purity:. Always insist on having CADRURY's—sold only in packets and Tins—as other Cowls are often substituted for the sake of eatra protit.—Advt. (2)

RIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901

nowever, Is proverni:l4ny ti,rn to conquer, ana partly for that rea.on and partly on account of a certain •11 i. not unfreouently the outcome of a determination to succeed in one's attempts to promote what one calls, but knows very well it is not, the ultimate good of a second person, he behaved like a bear for the remainder of the day. Nothing pleased him, and it was not until he had finished his third bottle and had been carried unconscious upstairs to bed by his servants that the house was at peace. As in duty bound his lordship had shared his potations, but he had graduated in a good school, and he owned a head that was not to be affected by even three bottles of a Hampshire squire's port Having seen his future father-in-law removed he made his way to the drawing-room. His dissipated countenance was a little flushed, and when he spoke his voice possessed a thickness which was not there at other times, but that was all. To his delight he found the Squire's daughter alone. She had been seated at her spinet, but on seeing him she rose and endeavoured to retreat. There was a look in her face that at any other time would have warned him that she was not in a humour to be trifled with. In his present condition, however, the fact that she was antagonistic to him gave additional zest to his love-making.

"Fortune- favours me at last," he cried, as he made his way towards her. "This is the oppor- tunity I have long been waiting for." • • - - - -

- - As he said this he endeavoured to take her in his arms. She recoiled from him in terror, but he was not to be denied. At last he had her in his grasp. lie pulled her towards hill until his flushed, excited face was only a few inches from her own.

-- --- At that moment the window was thrown up, and a man appeared from the dark outside. He was young, handsome and audacious, and he took in the situation at a glance. His lordship had scarcely time to note the presence of the new-comer before he found himself seized violently by the collar and lying on his back upon the floor. It was so sudden that he had no time to protect himself or to call for assistance. "Lie there, you cur," said the other, in a furious voice. "Let that be a lesson to you that Mohawk manners will not do for Hampshire. Dare to lay your hand upon this lady again and I'll thrash you within an inch of your life." "So it is you, Mr. Richard Davenant, is it? " said his lordship, scrambling to his feet and rubbing the back of his head as he did so. "I did not expect to find you in the Squire's house again, so soon. If I am not mistaken, he threatened, should you repeat your visit, to order his servants to flog you off the place. I will make it my busi- ness to acquaint him with the fact at once. Mistress Phyllis would enjoy the exhibition, I feel sure."

----- With this he reeled from the room, leaving the young couple together. For upwards of a minute neither of them spoke. The whole affair had been so sudden that in spite of Belsborough's threat they had not recovered their self-possession yet. It was Phyllis who spoke first. "Why have you come ? " she asked, clinging to her lover and looking up into his face with frightened eyes.

"Because I could not remain away from you," he answered, hoarsely. "Because, at any:risk, I knew I must see you again. I left my horse in the village, climbed the park wall, and was upon the terrace, listening to your music, when that man entered the room. I did not intend to come in, but when he laid his hands upon you I could bear it no longer, and acted as you know." "And now you must go," she answered. "If he should tell my father, as he threatens, there is no knowing what might happen. You do not know how angry papa is with you. He would kill you, I believe, if he found you here. You must go at once." Then in a choking voice she added: 'And you must promise never to attempt to see me again." "Phyllis," he cried, "is it possible that you can ask such a thing of me? What makes you say it There must be some reason for it I feel sure. Can you have forgotten our vows? Is it possible you have ceased to love me? " "I love you more fondly than ever," she replied, slowly and very sadly. "But my father has declared that on Christmas Eve, a week from to-day, whether I wish it or not, I shall marry the man you knocked down just now." "Marry Lord Belsborough ? " cried the young man, fiercely. "Such a thing is not to be thought of. lam poor enough, Heaven knows. The old home is mortgaged to the last penny, but at least I can offer you a name equal to your own and a man's true love. I would as soon see you married to Will Pringle, the highwayman, as to that man. You know his reputation and the villainous stories that have gone about concerning him." "I know everything," she answered, "but it can make no difference. My father has set his heart upon it, and when he has done that, it is, as you know, impossible to move him."

The young man drooped his head. He had pinned all his faith on one hope, and that had failed him. Three weeks before a venerable uncle in Northamptonshire had died, and by every mail the young man had expected to hear that he was his heir. No news, however, had so far come to hand, and he had therefore been compelled to face the irate Squire as a penniless suitor for his daughter's hand.

"If only Uncle Geoffrey's letter had come," he cried, bitterly, "we might never have been so unhappy. But I have received nothing, and your father scorns me as a poor man. What can I do? I am powerless."

"If you can do nothing, then I am lost indeed," the girl replied, but oh—" At this moment a sound reached their ears. "Hark They are coming," she cried. "Quick, you must go Do not hesitate a moment. if they find you here, we are both lost. For my sake, go." "But whatever happens, I must see you again.*

_ "When and where you please," she answered. He kissed her fondly, and then, bidding her good-bye, left the house by the way he had entered it. He had scarcely vanished before Lord Belsborough, followed by a couple of menservants, armed with hunting crops, entered the room. The former gazed about him with surprise at not finding his enemy present. "Gone away, fore 'gad," he cried. Then seeing the open window, he! added: "After him, lads, we'll run him to earth yet." They climbed out into the darkness, leaving the terrified girl alone.

Tim nights later Dick Davenant stood in the small copse that marked the southern boundary of the Squire's demesne. It wanted only a few minutes of eleven o'clock, but late as the hour was he:was not alone. His companion was no less a person than Judith Hartford, and strange to relate, she was seated upon one of the Squire's most cherished hunters. She had only made her appear- ance a few moments before, and was still endeavour- ing to prove to the young man standing before her the advisability of pursuing a certain course of action.

"If you are afraid," she continued, with a scorn which was perhaps all the more marked for the reason that she knew that it was undeserved, "I will do it myself. But, situated as you sare, I should think it was worth so much trouble." "I was not thinking of myself." _ _ . . _

"Of whom were you thinning, then ? " "I was thinking that it was scarcely seemly for you to be riding in this fashion about the country- side at this hour of the night." At this moment her horse became restless, and in her attempt to quiet him, her answer was inaudible. "You consent then ? " she said, when at last she had reduced her steed to something like order. "In that case, let us be going. You say you left your horse with Farmer Giles. You had better get him and join me at the cross roads." Without giving him time to reply she turned her own animal and rode out of the copse, heading towards a portion of the park where the wall was not so high as elsewhere. It was a beautiful star- light night, and the slight mantle of snow which covered the ground helped to make it lighter than it would otherwise have been. I have already said that she was a fearless and accomplished horse- woman. I am tempted to go even further, and to add that she was also reckless. Choosing her point she gave her horse a touch with the whip, and set him going at a fair pace at the wall. He respondtd to the call, gathered his legs well under him, and a few seconds later was in mid-air. When she had pulled him up on the other side, Phe patted his stalwart crest and then trotted him slowly down the road towards the village. At the cross-roads she was joined by Davenant, now mounted upon his own roadster. "How far is it to Bembrido Heath? " she

itiquiracl wkea they were making their way clown the road.

_ "Seven miles by the high road," he answered. "But why Bymbridge Heath?"

You will sae in proper time," she replied. "For the present, follow me. If things are as I suppose, we have no time to lose." For upwards of an hour they continued their journey. Towards midnight the moon rose and looked shyly down on the wintry landscape. Reach- ing the heath, for which they were steering, they halted and took up their position in a little wood, a hundred yards or so removed from the road. From this point they could see for upwards of a mile, themselves meanwhile remaining unseen. "I cannot think why you have brought me here at this time of night," said Davens.nt, a little pettishly. "How is it to affect my marriage with Phyllis? 7 "Wait and see," said Judith. "I have had my suspicions for a week past. John Noakes, the stableman, had more money lately than he has ever had in his life before, and that set me tLinking. I waited and watched and this is the result."

_ For upwards of an hour they remained under the leafless trees. The sold wind blew as though it would freeze the very marrow in their bones. Still, however, Judith woubi not give the sign for a move. She was evidently on the look-out for, something or somebody. Suddenly a black object made its appearance on the crest of a neighbouring hill. Both saw it at ths same moment.

"The London coach," said Judith, by way of an explanation. "Now, watch what happens." The coach had descended the hill and the driver was springing his horses at the foot, when suddenly a horseman made his appearance upon the road and almost simultaneously the vehicle came to a standstill. When, five minutes later, it proceeded on its way, the man who kad stopped it remained where he was until it had turned the corner and was out of sight. After which he also started off. Then Judith spoke. "I have always known you to be a good hunts- man, Mr. Davenant," she began. "Now, lam going to give you such a run as you have never had when following the hounds. Come along." So saying she touched her horse with the whip, and they started off across country in the direction they had come. The outward journey had taken upwards of an hour, the return lasted only half that time. Arriving at the village, Davenant left his horse as before, with Farmer Giles, and accompanied Judith into her benefactor's park. Once more they stood together in the small copse, and once more they waited. Their patience was well-nigh exhausted when the sound of a horse, approaching them at a steady trot, reached their ears. A few moments later a man came into view and cantered passed, through the fast falling snow- flakes, towards the stable.

"We have done enough," said Judith. "Now I think you maygo home and ponder over what you have seen." "But what am I to do ? "

"To-morrow morning at eleven o'clock you must be at the Hall," she answered. "You must bring with you as many of the passengers by to-night's coach as you can collect. When you tell them that they will probably recover their lost valuables, I do not think they will refuse." "And after that? " "I think you will marry Phyllis," she replied.

The group next morning in the Squire's justice- room was in many respects a curious one. It was made up of the Squire himself, who was in a by no means amiable temper, my Lord Belsborough, exquisitely dressed, and who took snuff with the grace for which he had so long been famous, of the Squire's attorney, who had been robbed on. the previous evening of a number of valuable deeds, the Squire's property, and several other members of the coach party. They were well advanced upon a recital of their grievances when the door opened, and Judith Hartford, accompanied by the Squire's daughter, entered the room. "How now, machrns ? " cried the Squire angrily. "What brings you here? We're busy, and 'tis no place for womenfolk."

"Perhaps it would interest you, Squire, to hear that there is someone present in your house at this moment, who can put you on the track of Will Pringle, the highwayman," said Judith, quietly.

The Squire, in a fury, bade her instantly produce that individual or suffer the pain of his severest displeasure, adding, with an oath, "that when he did catch the aforesaid Will, he should swing gallows high, next sessions, or he'd know the reason why." -

Upon this, Richard Davenant entered the room. The Squire, on seeing him, flew into an even greater rage than before, and ordered him to leave the house forthwith. When Judith, however, had whispered something in his ear, he changed his mind and bade him speak up. "What is it you have to tell me, sirrah ? " he inquired in a voice of thunder. "Let me have it at once, and then be off about your business."

"I have come to tell you, Squire," said Davenant, "that it is my belief that you have been grossly imposed upon. The man seated on the settle yonder, calling himself Lord Belsborough, is no more his lordship than I am. He's an impostor, a cheat."

The man accused started from his seat with an exclamation. The Squire rose also, livid with fury. He tried to speak, but in vain, _ _

"I repeat," said Davenant, simulating a calmness he did not feel, "that he is not the man he pre- tends to be, and if you will bear with me, I think I can prove what I say. I declare him to be no less a person than the man who has made the King's roads a terror these many months past, Will Pringle, the highwayman." _ - .

The Squire's wrath knew no bounds. He shook his fist at the young man and vowed that he had never heard a more monstrous story. Eventually, however, he was compelled by sheer weight of public opinion to hear witnesses. John Noakes, stableman in the Squire's employ, was immediately admitted to the room. He deposed that on several occasions during the past fortnight, he had saddled my lord's horse at a late hour, and he confessed that he had been induced by bribes to keep silence on the matter. On each occasion his lordship had been absent some hours, and once when he returned a black mask had fallen upon the cobbles of the stable yard.

"Out upon 'ee for lying rogue," cried the Squire. "To say that his lordship is Will Pringle, is to tell me I've been made a fool of. Produce better proofs, Dick Davenant, or I'll clap thee in the stocks for a lying _knave." _ _ _ .

Davenant accordingly turned and made a sign to a servant standing near the door. The man left the room presently to return carrying a small trunk which he placed on the table before the Squire. "That is the property of his lordship," said Davenant, pointing to the article in question. "It has come direct from his bed-chamber. Open it, Squire, and if it does not contain what he took from the coach last night, I will be content to be foresworn." "I forbid you to open it," cried his lordship, springing from his chair, his face as white as that of Mistress Phyllis beside him. "'Tie my:property, and I'll not have it touched."

The Squire looked from one to another as if undecided how to act. Already he had a half belief that the man he had entertained as his guest was not what he pretended to be. He had no desire, however, to do him an injustice.

"I am sorry to subject your lordship to the violence of these knaves," he said, "but if you will only permit the thing to be opened it will give them the lie once and for all. 'Tie only a matter of form, and I pledge your lordship my word I do not credit the stories they bring against thee."

Unfortunately, however, his _ lordship remained obdurate. His refusal to permit the bag to be opened could only have one effect, that of increas- ing the Squire's suspicions."

"Look at his face, Squire," cried Davenant. "He fears what you may find there. Open it and you will find that what I say is true." At length, in spite of his lordship's threats and remonstrances, the bag was opened and the con- tents stood revealed. It contained, to the amaze- ment of everyone, all the valuables:taken from the passengers of the coach on the previous night, several documents, the property of the Squire, and among other indiscriminate papers a letter from the lawyer of Davenant's deceased uncle, from which it appeared that the young man was the sole heir of the old gentleman's accumulated wealth.

It would take too long to relate how Will Pringle received his deserts, how the Squire relented, and how he was eventuaiLy persitaded to agree to the marriage of his daughter to the man he had once professed 80 heartily to despise. Let it suffice, however, that although many years have gone by, he has never had reason to repent his action in the matter. With his grandchildren. of whom he has

..—No packages con, J-FWILLIAJIS,' .IINK LLS 0 CI ta ALE; rP' E.O P

===== 0002601_19010104_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Something for OTHEn 1,0

- -- EVERY CHILD born into the world with an inherited or early developed tendency to dis- tressing,,, disfiguring humours of the skin, scalp, blood, becomes in object of the most ten- der solicitude, not only because of its suffering but because of the dreadful fear that the disfig- uration is to be lifelong and mar its future hafinin,..ss and prosperity. Hence it becomes dutyof. mothers of such afflicted children to acquaint themselves with the best, the purest, •ana most effective treatment available. "Vtr,n bathe with ovrleuße SOAP, to cleanse the skin. gentle applications Of CUTICIIIIA Ointment, to heal the followed in the .severe cases by mild doses of CUTICUILA RESoLVIINT, afford instant and grateful relief, speedy cure, and leave nothing to be desired by ar,siQus parents. , TZIE SZT, 615.1 Or SOAP, 18.1 OINTSfItrTT. 25. ad.,. RttP,OL. VENT, Sr. Cd. Vold by ail Chemists, or postpaid by DI fiti-Ditel at Sons, /.011(1011, E. C. POTTZIS COOP., rrops., Boston, U.S.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
L

RICKETS. ANAEMIA. CONSUMPTION SCROFULA.. BILIOUSNESS.

Williams'

===== 0002601_19010104_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM. PARALYSIS. INDIGESTION. HEART TROUBLES. DEFECTIVE CIRCULATION.

Pink Pills for Pale People

===== 0002601_19010104_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DAILY PAPER

Consider again that miracle of this century the daily papsr,—the columns of which furnish us with the doings and sayings of men all over the world absolutely up to each day's date! The expenditure of a halfpenny puts us in possession of the state of affairs in every "people and kindred and tribe and tongue." We live in continual touch with the whole race. A century ago,— a newspaper was a rarity, and its news,—outside the immediate area from whence it was issued, although it aas news,—was days or weeks or months behind time. And inoreover,a newspaper by its costliness was beyond the reach of the majority. To us to-day, the newspaper has become almost one of the necessities of life. But we should have discovered, a century ago,that life was both possible arid tolerable without it. It is an unspeakably wonderful product of the age. Our only regret must , be that so mighty an iustreineut of human information land influence should so often be found a prime agent in promoting the debasing and ruinous popular habits of betting and gambling. THE SAVING OF LABOUR. Again, what wonders this century has seen in the multiplication, and at the Same time, by curious paradox, the saving of labour ! When the power-loom came into vogue, the hand-loom workers rose in revolt, believing that their .6 hour " was come, and their liveli- hood destroyed. But the application of steam power to machinery has indefinitely multiplied the use of machinery, thereby extending manufacture, widening trade, increasing infinitely the occupations for the people, and magnifying their means of living. That labour is largely saved by the inventions of this closing age, every hcuse-wife knows as she uses her sewing machine; every clerk as he manipulates the typewriter ; every merchant as he uses the telephone as he sits at his desk : everybody, as he strikes a lucifer match, and remembers (if he ever does) that less than a century ago he would have been dependent for the kind. line of light or fire on flint and steel and tinder box. How can we hope to chronicle even the practical , mechanical, material achievements of this unparalleled Century? An age which for purposes of light has blown oth, the candle, and largely forsaken the lamp, to make Use of gas as means of illumination, and is now rapidly emoavrevrellaonuds age! development superseding gas by the adaptation of electricity, is a payliwotifiephhohtaovgerawitnessed u t neer t dig. v Dr Wallace says, "which is to the external form;" tas of nature what printing is to thought " : and which have conceived the " phonograph, which preserves and re- produces sounds as photography preserves and repro- duces forms ' :and the Rontgen Rays—which make many opaque things transparent, and open up a still newer world to the photographic art : and the use of anesthetics, making critical and severest surgery pain- less,— of antiseptics, which makes it more possible than ever in surgical operations to save life :—a century which has seen these practical wonders has no rival in the history of the race I Dr Wallace, in the book already referred to, furnishes a tabulated list of the great inventions and discoveries of the 19th Century, on tee one hand, and of all preceding :tees on the eter. He specifies 21 as belonging to this one century, and only 16 for all preceding ages, not only of the Christian era, but of the whole history of the world! Verily, this is, of a truth," This wonderful i century," even judged alone by ts more practical achievements : all of which tend to the improvement, the enlargement, the amelioration of human conditions: and therefore to the incalculable benefit and blessing of the world. Let us not fail to see, and to devoutly ack- nowledge, the hand of God in it all EMANCIPATION. Turning now to other of the conapicuous characteris- tics of this closing century, let us make note of this—it will probably live on the page of history as a supreme era of emancipation. "In IEO7 the slave trade was pro- hibited in the British Empire, and 26 years later slavery itself was abolished in all our Colonies. The names of Clarkson, Wilberforce,: Zackary, Macaulay, and i Thomas Powell Buxton will ever be immortal n that illustrious connexion. Russia eclipsed our achievement in 1861 by emancipating 23 million serfs. President Lincoln, in the beginning of 1863, issued his famous proclamation declaring the extinction of slavery. in the United States of America ; and millions were iiberated at the cost of that unparalleled civil war. Within the last 25 years Brazil has completed the story of slave em- ancipation. Lord Rosebery's words may be fitly quoted here. He speaks of the century as "an era of emanci- pation," considerable though not complete. Nations, as a rule, have been sorted iota boundaries more consonant with their aspirations and traditions than was formerly the case. The tyranny of sects, in Britain at any rate, has partially abated. The undue pressure of as government h diminished, Slavery has disappeared. All over the world there have been great strides towards freedom ; and though inadequate, they have been se

===== 0002601_19010104_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AMINE

===== 0002601_19010104_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyri,jht.)

MARRIAGE BY ROBBERY.

BY GUY BOOTHBY, Author of "The Lust of Hate," "Dr. Nikola,' "In Strange Company," "A Bid for Fortune,' "The Beautiful White Devil," &o.

"Fore George, miss, hold thy tongue. I'll hear no more on't. Marry his lordship, or I'll lock thee up until parson's ready with the book for thee. I 'cod! Things are coming to a pretty pass, when a chit of a girl beards her father to his faoe, and declares she'll have nought to do with the man he has chosen for her, but must needs go dilly- dallying after a coxcomb without a penny in the world."

Having thus expressed his opinion, the Squire tossed his formidable hunting crop in one corner, his hat into another, and then threw himself into his justice chair as if the situation had passed beyond the region of his comprehension. His wig was awry, his face was crimson with passion, and for a moment it appeared as if his rage would choke him. His terrified daughter stood before him, the picture of despair. Her hands were clasped, her head was bowed, and her bosom rose and fell in quick spasmodic gasps. On a high oak settle on the other side of the hearth sat a young man, dressed in the height of fashion. He possessed a not unhandsome counten- ance, which, however, was seamed With the in- delible markings of a dissipated career. It was not by sitting at home and smoking his pipe in the chimney-corner that my Lord Belsborough had achieved the reputation of being the wildest and most reckless member of the Mohawk and Hell Firs Clubs.

"Prithee hear me for a moment, dear Squire," said the latter in a smooth and silvery voice that to an acute ear had a trace of mockery in it. "I cannot help thinking that you are a trifle severe with pretty Mistress Phyllis. Nor do you pay a compliment to myself when you vow that she shall marry me against her inclination. At present she is stony-hearted, but perhaps when we are a little better acquainted she may not prove so adamant. Let us postpone consideration of the matter, there- fore, for a few days."

"Postpone or no postpone, my lord, the lass shall marry thee," replied the Squire, bringing his fist down with a heavy smack upon the table. "Since it is your lordship's pleasure to wait awhile, we'll do it, but I give thee fair warning, l'm a bad laggard! In a week it will be Christ- mas. On Christmas Eve she shall marry thee willy-nilly. Hearken to that, girl, and pay heed to what I say." "I cannot, papa, I cannot!" the girl replied, as if her heart were breaking. "Why will you force me to what will only break my heart ? "

.. "Because it is my wish," her father answered. "Parson shall tie thee to his lordship on Christmas Eve. I've pledged my word, and I'll hear no more of it."

Seeing that it was useless to protest, the poor girl left the room and made her way up the broad oaken staircase to her own apartment, where she abandoned herself to her grief. Everything seemed indeed hopeless. Only that morning her father had threatened the man she loved with the direst penalties if he dared to approach the house or speak to her again. Now, as if this were not enough, he had declared that the man she hated and feared above all others should become her husband within a week. She was powerless to resist, and at the moment it looked as if us help could 'possibly come to her. Tears were still coursing down her cheeks when the door opened, and a tall, dark- eyed girl, wearing a riding-habit, entered the room. She was not beautiful, she was not even handsome, but there was something in her face—a something difficult to define—that at once attracted the atten- tion of strangers and caused them to glance at her a second time, as if they were not quite sure that they had not made a mistake in their first estimate of her character. Save the Squire and his family, she had not a friend in the world. Her father had met his fate in a duel when she was but six years old, and her broken-hearted mother had followed him to the grave a year later. The Squire, who had been an old friend of her father's, had thereupon adopted her in order that she might be a play- fellow for his own little motherless girl, and from that moment she had been a member of his house- hold—controlling the kitchen, managing the servants, attending to the duties of the still-roan, and in a hundred different ways repaying the kindness that the Squire had at first somewhat grudgingly, it must be confessed, shewn to her. Eventually, however, she had overcome his pre. judices, and that herculean task once accomplished, he had become as fond of her as it was possible for him to be of anyone, save his own daughter. She was, among other things, an expert and fearless horsewoman, and this fact, perhaps, did as much for her with him as anything else. To be able to sit his most dangerous hunters, and not only to sit them but to keep them always in the immediate vicinity of the hounds, was to arrive at his favour by a short cut. More than once he had declared, with his customary vehemence, that there was only one woman in the world who knew anything about fox-hunting, and that one was his adopted daughter, Judith Hartford. "Why, sweet chick, what is the meaning of these tears ? " asked the new-comer, as she seated herself upon the bed beside the weeping girl. "When I left you this morning you were SS happy, as happy as could be." _ -

"Since then my whole life has changed," the Squire's daughter replied, in a voice that suggested that she thought it possible she would never know happiness again. "My father has threatened to horsewhip my poor Dick, Fhould he try to see me again, and he has also declared that, whether I wish it or not, I shall marry Lord Belsborough on Christmas eve. It is too cruel! Judith, it will kill me."

The elder girl placed her arms around her and endeavoured to comfort her. It was a hopeless task, howevet% From the day of hen birth the Squire's personality had impressed itself so thoroughly upon his daughter that she was fair to believe that, when he had once set his heart upon a thing, no human power could alter or avert its accomplishment. Mistress Ilartford, however, was of a somewhat firmer mould.

"Cheer up, my dearie," said she. "You must not let yourself be cast down so easily. For the moment everything seems black, but the clouds will lighten ere long. Remember it is when the night seems darkest that the dawn is nearest." "I can see no hope of any dawn," the unhappy girl replied. And then she added, for perhaps the thousandth time that day: "Oh, why does my father force upon me a marriage that can only break my heart? is there no way in which you 'can help me, Judith ? " Judith considered for a moment. She had her own ideas upon the subject, but she had no desire to arouse hope in the other's heart until ,she saw a fair chance of being able to gratify it. For the remainder of the day the Squire, after the scene in the justice-room, was in a by no means amiable mood, It is true, in his own fashion, he loved his daughter, and for this reason he could not help feeling, in his inmost heart, that ha had been cruel to her. Save for the introduction he had brought with him from London, Lord Bels- borough was a comparative stranger. His position in the world, however, was well known, and the fact, that in marrying her to him his daughter would be a peeress was sufficient to make the Squire desirous of securing him for a son-in-law at any cost to his daughter's feelings. Conscience,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
three, he is a great favourite, and whenever they "run him to earth," as he calls it, in his big armi chair in the justice-room, the penalty is an o repeated story concerning their own father an mother, which, with a chuckle, he insariab entitles, "Marriage by Robbery." [Tuic END. 1

0

. .

===== 0002601_19010104_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEGLECTED GENIUS.

It is sad to reflect how often the world has given bul) a grudging recognition to its greatest geniuses, and sometimes none at all, and not until death comes to end the bitterness of neglect do men discover that a groat prophet has been dwelling among them unawares. Tell is the moral of the story contained in an article entitled " The Vicissitudes of Millet's Angelus," in the Januazy numbar of the " Temple Magazine." " ' The Angelus,' says the writer, the Rev. James Johnston, "which wile painted in 1859, was originally sold by the artist for about £7O to M. Feydeau, and after passing through several hands, the price ever advancing as the fare of the picture crews it was purchased by Mr J W Wilson for £1,520, " At the Wilson sale in 1881 it became the property cd M. Secritan, the French copper-king, who gave no lee! than £6,400 for it. But reverses compelled M. Seaetati to part with the whole of his magnificent collection of art treasures, and once more 'The Angelus' changed hands." Subsequently, after many other wanderings,io came into the possession of that well-known Parisian art lover,M. Chsucard, who paid something like £32,000 foI it. " What pathos there is in the fact," concludes the writer, " that at the present moment the triumphs et Millet's brush are realising enormous prices, while the artist himself struggled against the pressure of poverty. for the most part all his life long amidst his lonely Barbizon surroundings, painting with a sympathetic power, such as no other painter has shown, the life of rustic France."

===== 0002601_19010104_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A Happy

New Year

to You!

On the Opening Month of the New Century, January, 1901.

BROOKE, BOND & CO. wish you a Happy New Year. The Compli- ments of the Season have alwa)z, an additional cordiality when uttereu by those who themselves rejoice in the content and prosperity they bespeak for others. There is a generous plenty of good feeling in Our New Year's Salutation.

BROOKE, BONDS are still on the swelling tide of success, and would like the future to bring to all. customers as good reason for light hearts and smiling faces. We look back over a year of unexampled business progress and unsurpassed business success. We look forward to reap the continued reward of popt.iar favour by wise care, new enterprise and constant effort.

So why should We not be happy?

BROOKE, BOND'S Teas are popular with two million (2,000,000)tea drinkers whose supplies are drawn from thirty thousand (30,000) energetic Agents, who in turn get their supplies from local depots in Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Bradford, Newcastle, Notting- ham and Birmingham. If you ask for

===== 0002601_19010104_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Brooke, Bond's Teas

in almost every town, village or hamlet between the Trent and the Tweed, it will be surprising if you cannot get them. BROOKE, BOND'S Teas are away ahead of all others in popularity with the busy masses of the North of England.

A Happy New Year to Our Two Million Customers.

* BROOKE, BONDS supply you with the strongest, most fragrant and most acceptable tea that money can buy at

1/6 Per Pound. 'Tis the "Cock of the North" in quality for the price. ,

A Happy New Year, Prudent Purchasers!

You taxed our capacities more year than ever before. Our Staff a 1../ Heads of Departments will tell you how their energies have been straiord and their working hours lengthened to meet your demands promptly. If you had a little leisure and could call at our Offices to look at our total sales for the past year they would surprise you. They don't make the exaggerated statements that some of our rivals put forth, but they do tell the truth.

A Happy New Year, Wide-Awake Agents 1

You have not found BROOKE, BOND'S Teas a dragging sale. When• other packets have dwelt on your shelves until you were sick of the sight of them, there have always been renewed orders and ready sales for that lemon-tinted packet bearing a certain well-known signature!

A Happy New Year to the Youngest and to the Oldest Drinkers of 81Z(,)07.ZE, BOND'S Teas, and we are not forgetful of the fact that some of the oiliest have drunk our Teas for 32 years pest, and are drinking them to-cl:4 I Long may they continue so to do!

Finally, to everybody, A Happy New Year.

Brooke, Bond & Ce., Ltd.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BENIN

===== 0002601_19010104_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Efg " o;:amtntr " &trits

TILE WARRINGTON AND MID-CIIESHIME BrfstaffEß." published every Saturday morning. T" EA RLMTOWN AND NEW TON Ex AMMER published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RuNcosx ExAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. r REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 -

Tte above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

11P AYMENTSI WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD AknciEs LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

• Dotnesitt 4§nbantO. dr.

21. Vir3lllD good GBBIBRAL. two kept. one used to Public twines", BOLSI. HOTEL, Burseougb.

WANTED, an Assistant COOK; good wages to suitable person.—Apply 38, Market-street, Wigan.

WANT 1111), GENICRAL SHRITANT ; reftirences raquired. Apply B4rs.VE:rfßY,l2,Scarisbrlck New-road,Soithport.

NVANTED Strong willing GIRL, age about 16 or 17. Apply Mrs TRUE, 12. Richmond-street Wigan.

INTANTBD, COOK; no washing ; excellent situstion.— Apply Miss HUDSON. 19. team-street, Warrington.

WANTED, a good BERYA.NT, one able to do plain cook- ing.—Apply Mrs. LYON, Railway Inn, Wallgate, Wigan.

WANTED DOUSEMAID WAITRESS at onco. Wages .t. £lB to £..o.—Apply MISS HUDSON 19, Irlam-street, warriogton.

I

"WrANTED, COOK-3ENBRALS, ft OUSBNIAIDd • good wages; best places.—TEMalt'S REGI MY, Arcade, Cborley. ANTBD at once, respectable young GBNBRAL ; tour in family ; youngest 5 years.-9, \lO AE. Prenton, titßirkenhead.

WANTED, WAITRESS, Immediately ; wages £22. Apply Miss HUDSON, Registry, Irlam-street, War- rington.

GOOD PLACES Waiting forMUSTS of all kinds, at BORLAND'S REGISTRY, 148, Liverpool-road Patricroft, • Manchester.

I

WANTED HOUSSMAID-WAITRIBS ; wages £2O If found suitable.—Address Mrs. BRAMWSLL, Felsberg. Et oylake, Cheshire.

WANTED trustworthy GENERAL, for family of four; no children ; wages £l6.—Mr3. w MID, 139, Ashley- lane, Moston. Manchester.

WANTED. superior GENERAL for two ladies; wages V ; no washing.—Miss HUDSON. Registry. 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

I

WAtriMinAcesTtiunasetwraolretat yWtooMaAsuNitaabtleonrce;,soans. geinperTyl 41, NORToIq-STERET. Liverpool. • IArANTED capable GIRL as genera ,good wages to snit - V V able girl.—Apply, 20, HARTI: ITON-ROAD, ChOrltoll- - m-Ilaz dy, Manchester.

41

I

W A help D. , a gae about tlr4moar, iAngd rGeslsltl,irsa. s WILSON.fn; e era Claremont, Heswall, Cheshire.

WANTED experienced COOK for small family in country. Kitcheranaid kept. Wages £3O. Address Mrs. M. HEECHFLELD, Has wall. Cheshire. WANTED. GENERAL SERVANT; able to wash ; also HOUSEMAID: small family; good wages.—Mrs. COATES, HOLME VIEW, Burnley.

WANTED, a HOUSE-TABLEXIID, goad references, strong, neat appearance. churchwoman.—Apply, Mrs. MAIITIN, Copper:khan Heyes, Crewe.

WANTED Good GENERAL, plain cocking, small wash; four in family ; Churchwoman preferred,wages £1.4. GLASIMI, Hydro-avenue, West Kirby.

i;VANTHD, good steady THAMSMA3 ; - cottage on the farm if reguired.—Apply Mrs. liawLussols, BroJk- land's Farm, Melling, near Liverpool. 'NOW

WANTSD, good GHNBIZA.L, with references ; no young V children ; assistance given ; wages £l4 to £l6.—Mrs, WATSON. 5, Herlech-road, Blundell Sands.

I

, -taa

Al/ANTED (near Macclesfield) goal GENERAL : two in V family ; no washing; wages £l4 to £16.--MlB9 ESPLEL The Willows, Blundell Sands, near Liverpol.

-w7 A N TED, COOKU, Housemaids, House Waitress, Nurses, Young Girls, Useful Helps ; good wages : fares paId.—HOTToMLEY'S REGISTRY, Morley-street, Braaford; Yorkshire.

manta.

FFWANTS SITUATION as Night Watch, In or out of town; good reference—Apply S.W., 60, MARY- BIRERT, Blackburn.

QT. MATTHEW'S MIXED SCHOOL, Scotland-road, Liver- k7 pool. Two ASSISTARTS (Art 5); £45 and £5O.— Apply HEAD MASTER.

‘VASTH HUBBHIL bought; any description; prompt cash: empty bags CHEETHAM. US, igelson-street, Hyde, Cheshire.

-- WANTBD, a good FARM MAR, to live In single; good wages to a good =tn.—Apply SAMUEL COUPE, Farmer, Ainsworth. Radcliffe.

A-- - GIiNTS Wanted for qui‘zk- selling Novelties; enormous pro- fits. Wlite tor tre Mts.—HERON & Co. (Box S. & T.), iottLuttam-street, Tottenham Court-road, Landon, W. •

WANTED a g.)c-d COWMAN.IIIWite to assist to milk. Good vises given to suitable man.—Apply J. STRONG. "Farm Banff, Leyland Mill Farm. Haigh. near Wigan.

IWAR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1848, or earlier, £2 Y given ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic lied River, Firket Atbara Mashona, Matabele, &c.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droitivieb.

lilVANTED,Certifleated ASSISTANT MISTRESS for end of January, ads. 111. or Iv.; Churchwoman, musical preferred ; state salary.— Apply HEAD =STRESS, °iris' National School, Norwich.

O_ LP GOLD, SILVER and FURNITURE BOUGHT Co any amount or exchanged ; cash advanced to any amount on Furniture stored in any repoiitory.— OswALD, Pawn- broker, 255. Stockport-road, Manchester.

SAIRITARY INSPBCTORSHIPS salaries £lOO to £250. numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing lot Liverpool and Bradford exams. ; previoas experience unnecessary ; over 200 successful candidates, ladles el!glble —Apply ROBERT MITSBERS, Sanitary Science, !reacher. aunderland. Name peper.

DON'T COUGII-USE

DON'T COUGH-USE

I

_ - - - DON 'T COUGH-USE • There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

KEATING'S COLGEI LOZENGES,

KEATING'S MUGU LOZENG If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating' Loz,oge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are

UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 131,1. each or ftee on receipt Of *tamps, from THOMAS KEATiIG. Chemist, London.

t;

ROCHE S EERBAL EMBROCATION. ri3OOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual cure without mternal HOOPING COUGH medicines. HI

I

, , . 7.•'• • •

.00PINO COUGH Of all Chemists prices HOOPING COUGH 43. per bottle. So 1 e W holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS& :RIR, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. RDCRE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING,

IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES Fon SALES OF WORK.

PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES Fon CONCERTS. ROGRAMMES You FETES, Szc. " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S plus. All who so.ler from Gout 01 Rheumatism should immediately FAADE'S PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EAU'S pILLS. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EIDE S ILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have In giving relief in the ver FAAHE'S PILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sale In heir action.

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE TILE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RaICUMATISM. RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THR HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. Gc'ul " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury road. Leads, May End, 1894. I IHRUM ATIBM "Dsar Sir,—lt la with uni3oundeci lA, pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most encellent Pills. It is sia years since I first had _ _ _

--kI JHIiUMA T 1 8 N Rheumatic' Gout, and I had three , months in bed with It. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHIg U tfi AT IS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourFille. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMAT I S M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again Rilli UIIA T I SIM directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT GOUT THEW: IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHE U NI TIB II You are quite at liberty to make what rise you like of this, and 1 GOUT shall be pleased ti, answer any poor sufferer who awes to write RHPiU M A, T M me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Tours truly ALBERT Mourrany."

BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, ls. lict. and Es. fld or sent post free for Postal Orler by the Proprietor GEORGE MADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD. 11.0. Ask for end be sure you obtain VADR'S 0011 T AND &THU MATIC PILLS. EADE 8 PILLS

===== 0002601_19010104_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
3hotelo, 34pDro0, t manna 05tab9.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
enttytaintrs.

ri CAVAL Guitar and Banjo duettists.—Full Italian Costume. For concerts, /co.— Apply 62. OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
gmorkss, Zuslntzseo. cit.

r I '0 BUICHRRS old established k11.181.a110t3 FOR SALM low _l. rent well fitted.-102,Cnuncri Lirin.Gorton,Manehester.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
rrO LET, COTTAGE off Lovely-lane, rent 3s. 9d.—Apply WOODS dc So(, Solicitors, liorsemarket-St.. Warrington.

TO LET good HOUSE in Derby-street, rent 4s 6d.—Apply I_ WOODS and SoN, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
rilo LET.—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £2o. Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Horsernarket-street,

Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
'IIO LET a BUTCHER'S SHOP in main thoroughfare with k immediate possession ; stock cheap.—Apply CEUGG, 276, North-road, Preston.

TO Dna STABLE and COACH-HOUSE, with lofts ove large ard attached off Tannere-lane.--Apply WOODS and Sox. Solicitors, SS, Horsemarket-atreet, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Co be Let.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
natation.

Iva CLASS SCHOOL tor Uirl, Ooleithyn TOwyn, N. Wales, spleadidty situated, bracing se 1 and mountain air. Sound modern education. Preparations tor Exams, Hoveriaess pupil required. Principal ANS Cook.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—& moat success- tut Boarding School for Boys. X IsunliWOOD, LLD.,D.C.L.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ON BALE Butcher's Hawking VANS splendidly fitted, nearly new will sell ebeap.—THotdes WHITWORTH, Butcher. Heywood, nearilktanehester.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
rilliEßß CLARENCE CARRIAGES, one with rubber tyres 1. for sale at half price. Suitab.e for funerals or wedd- iugs.—FALLowa, Cheadle Station, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
OSALE, chersp, three ICE-ORRAISI HAND-CARTS and Pony Cart, Freezers and Tubs ; also Shooting Gallery, all complete, with eight Guns, for £8 ; owner no use for it. —Apply, 15, tWAINSON-STBEET, lltteltpool.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gpbarto.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
rrIWO OLD OAK LINEN CItESTS on sale. —PENDLEI3I7I3r 1. AND Co., 12 and 14, Whavriek-street, Warrington. DIIAWING ROOM SUITE (second hand), upholstered In rep. Seven pieces only £3 10s. A bargaln.—PENDLE- Bina AND Co, 12 and 14, Winwick-street, Warrington,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
*ala; op Vrtnatt Erratp.

ALLSufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- lars tree.—Address, Ittutiow, Boa 278, North-street, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
1- ADDIS VIOLIN.—Bow, case; excellent instrument. 1.1 14s. 6d. ; approval.--Ll. JACKSON, Thsry-road, Thetford

===== 0002601_19010104_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
2,000 Good String Twill BAGS, 4s per dozen, 51 by 28. T Waten,lol, Johnson-street, Blackburn.

VR STAMPS.—Transvaal and Orange Colony ; also ..I. Kruger colns.—DAY, 213, flainault-road, Leytonstone

===== 0002601_19010104_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
IURRANT CLEANER, Coffee Mill, 6 Tea Canisters (black NJ and gold) etc. Apply THOMAS klinwoon, Church s treet, Widnes.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
3n i LADIES' handsome Solid Gold Watch; perfect time V/ ' keeper ; approval willingly.—Mre. ZECEPHERD, 4. Selby-road, Leytonstone.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TNCANDESCENT MANTLES.—The Best, 4s 6d a dozen. 1 carriage paid,same day.Lightssomplete 28.—A WALKER, 25, Yorkshire-street, Salford.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
VVOODCOCK, 6s. 6d. brace ; Snipe. 2s. brace ; Hares, 3s• each ; fresh shot. Post free —Twomas QUINN. Bally' nure, Draperstown, Londonderry.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFITABLE GIOODS TO SELL. Every kind. Method for beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write HENRY HAY, Merchant. (624). Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
(LI AMEICEEPER'S RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold super kj flax, 50 yards, 10s. Plaited Cords.—JOHNBoll% NET WAREHOUSE, 38, Corporation-street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CNIARIBB*—Rieb Yellow and Variegated long YORK- SHIRE COOKS; splendid songsters; 3s. 6d. each, 2 for 68.—HAEDY, 4, Allestree-road, Fulham, London.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. J. cobLis BRowNE,S OHLORODYNR. _

THE GRIGINAL AND OiIY.GENUINIC. CLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderfal,and valuable remedy ever dig covered.

riIII,ORODYNE is the best remedy known for 41.-1 Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Allthma. CIILORODYNN effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diplatherm, Fever, Croup, Ague. CiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CI.ILORODY NB effectually cute short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spume. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- Oa, Uheumatisirn, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, tdeningitla,

_ &e. From Or. B. T. BOULTON AND Co., Iforneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon It as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to 8114 y pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, ~.nd it seems to posses this great advantage over all ether sedatives, that It leaves no unpleasant after effect a. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CLILORO- DYNK."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARB OF PIRACY AND DllTA- mire.

TJACTTION.—VICR-ChdneeßWriVir. PAGE WOOD Iltal ed that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, anioubtedly, the inventor ct "OHLORODYNB " end that the story of tha defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Zimeg, 13th July, 1854. Sold in bottles at Is. 13/41.‘, Rs. 9d., and 45. 6d. None Is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOSODYRE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhe Un lug bledlosi testimony accompanies atela bottle

===== 0002601_19010104_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Otorttp.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS NEW YEAR NOVELTIES. BOOTS business grows and grows _L.2be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prices.

Here are a few articles of the moat useful and Inexpensive kind of attractive Chrlitmas Presents: PERFUMES

make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. size 5d., la. size gd. Lilac, Jockey Club, OpoponaX, Li)y of the Valley, New Mown Hay. Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bettles,ls. 6d. size Is., Es. 6d. size Is. 9d, PARMA VIOLETS

In Bottles from Is. 3cl. In Artistic Cases from! Is. In Cut:Glass Bottles from 2s. 6d. EAU DE COLOGNE.

Jersey Castle Brand,2B 61 bottle'ls 6d,4s bottle 2.10 d Silver Cologne, Is. bottle Thd., 28. 61. for ls. 2d. Golden Cologne, Is. bottle Bkd„ 2s. 6d. for Is. 4d. Toilet Bottles from le 6d. TOILET ARTICLES

are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list Will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line.

Hair brushes from Is 6,1. Dressing Combs from 6d, Hand Mirrors from Is, Nail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brushes,Pooket Combs, Tooth Pow- der BOXO3, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS

IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey, Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor.

2d. per tablet. 8 tablets for Is.

Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glyeesine, Coal Tar. 2/d. per tablet, 5 tablets for is.

Castile Soap, 31d. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superflae Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows . Violette de Parme, Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Cold Cream and Honey, usual 6d., tablet for 31d., ls, 6d. box 10d.

We can recommend this particular line of choiee

Soaps with MI confidene.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ALSO AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES,

BRIDUE STREET, RUNCORN.

AND 27, POST OFFICH ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 182. JOHN LYTHGOE AND CO.,

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CONFECTIONERS,

35, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR THE CHRISTMAS SEASON. LARGEST ASSORTMENT IN THE TRADE. SHOPS SUPPLIED AT LOWEST TERM.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE new century can- The New Century. not be said to open very cheerfully. We are not, enjoying peace or doing brilliant deeds in war. The prophets are all in a gloomy mood. One asks if England will last the century. Another amp- lifies the idea that we shall soon lose our commer- cial and maritime supremacy,_and merely become a residential country for men of means who want pleasure and repose. A third assures us that Germany and America are beating us in engineer- ing and in industrial development. Afourth thinks welare given up to sport and money-making, and that a night of scepticism in religion and politics is settling down upon us. Moodiness about the future is, however, characteristically English. It was left in Queen's ELIZABETH'S time, when the saying as "When Heave is spun England's e was letters of the word indicating the initials a the Sovereigns. GEORGE ELIOT has re- ferred to men" whose best hope for the world is over that the world is near its end." But in spite of these fantastic vaticinations we may venture to assert that the new century has in it some elements of hopefulness and promise in every region of activity. In industry we see the effects of a better understand- ing, and strikes are fewer, whilst the wages and standard of •comfort of the working classes are higher. There are not many new industries, it is true, and in electrical appliances we are not so ad- vanced as other countries, owing to our conserva- tive ways and our resolution not to detach our- selves , too easily from the past. It is to this conservatism of what is tried and true that we owe our stability and our freedom from revolutionary movements, if there is often a price to be paid for even-paced and cautious advance. In science we are holding our own, and without any State endowment of research. Our scientific literature is as good as that of any other country in the world. In the arts we have made vast improve_ ments, and our taste and our cultivation promise to further advance in coming years. In literature we can claim a pre-eminence which increases every year. In history and fiction, in politics and phil- osophy, we are original, and our rivals are incon- spicuous. The new century opens more brilliantly in this respect than did the old one which is dead. If we have fewer literary giants, we have more men and women in the second rank than we had when the nineteenth century began, and our second rankers are superior to the first rankers of other countries. Our navy stands in its old proud position, if we can hardly say the same for our army, which is be- ing subjected to severe trials under absolutely new conditions. Our taxable resources increase, and. we can bear with ease what would have im- poverished our groat-grandfathers. It looks as if in the now century we might have to bear more burdens than will be agreeable, and shall have need of a national financier as much as we did when the old century had begun by adding to our taxes and our obligations. In national spirit there is no falling off, and the wails of the prophets are merely goads to further exertions. In politics the outlook is less hopeful. Political equality has somehow been checked, and hereditary and social claims are still preferred and recognised. Popular rule has many problems before it, and efficiency in public affairs must be attained, at whatever sacrifice of rank or persons. The moral tow of the people jis better in some respects, ifworse in others. Sports are healthier, if laxity prevails in business, and in political affairs efforts are being made to exact a higher standard of duty and purity in our public men. Education and licens- ing are still big problems, but eaoh is advancing to- wards a solution. In short, we meet the future I' without fear, but not without some qualms, It

===== 0002601_19010104_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, I

===== 0002601_19010104_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
IT was to be expected Another Conservative that the Conservatives Claim. would endeavour to claim all the credit for a Colonial policy which consists in uniting our scattered self-governments more closely to the Mother Country. It was equally certain they would represent the Liberals as hav- ing all along intended to allow the Colonies to cut themselves off from us and form independent Communities. But neither position is either accurate or historical. A plausible case can be made out, of course,for either contention by ignor- ing facts, recalling past criticisms and misrspre- seating every action taken by Liberal Governments. Two or three points, however, can be stated with some confidence in their accuracy. The first point is that there was a time when the two great parties held and practised the same policy—that of dealing with the Colonies as if detachment might some day arrive and would not be an unmitigated evil. The second point is that the idea of self-government was resented by the Con- servatives, who saw in it the sure source of ulti- mate separation, whereas it has been the salvation of true Colonial as well as of sound Imperial feel- ing. If Downing-street had gone on governing the Colonies in the selfish interests of this country there must have been rebellion. The third point is that a premature attempt to force upon our American Colonies some Imnerial responsibility did end in disaster, for which the Liberals do not hold themselves responsible. The fourth point to be insisted upon is that all the preparatory work of federation has been the result of what was, in the main, a Liberal propaganda. The outcome of the good seed sown is visible to-day, but it is mon- strous that the Conservatives should claim that it is their work, and that Liberal policy has been Unsympathetic, disintegrating, and adverse to federation. Politicians have short memories, and hence these claims impose upon the forgetful, and mislead the young and the ignorant. The building up of our Empire is not something done to-day or last year. It has been going on for fifty years or more, and during that time the influence of Liberal ideas and the policy of Liberal statesmen have been in the ascendant. The recent turn of domestic politics shows how narrow are the notions of the persons who claim to have consolidated the British Eiripire. It is a hundred years since Ireland was Imperialised, and it is dis- contented still. The idea of federating Groat

1

men who are to-day flinging up their caps about Australian Federation do not believe in the prin- ciple applied nearer home. They are strong for the time being, but not in close political sympathy with the politics of the Australian Government, which are LiberaL in main, and not Conservative.

gloriously beaten, because it and hostile to Omar Han union with the Mother Country in South African affairs. The new claim, in short provokes investigation. Instead of accepting it, We hope that politicians will carry their ipvestiga-

be what we make it, and the more searching our self-examination is the more we are likely to benefit by it. It is better to begin in doubt than to indulge in levity and boastfulness.

Britain and Ireland provoked a revolt, and the

In Canada the Conservative party has just been

tions further back, and decline to take either Mr. Paooou or Mr. CHAMBERLAIN as their "guide, Philosopher and friend."

Irr those glowing tributes which have been paid to the progress of the nineteenth century, possibly sufficient mention has not been made of the ad- vance of journalism during that period. A kind of professional m odesty has needlessly influenced the many clever writers who have discussed the general subject of,improvement during the century. ma perfunctory way it has been told how the century has seen the "tax upon knowledge" removed, and the power of the Press multiplied tenfold by the ifivention of rapid machines; but little has bean said of the spirit in which journalism itself has been conducted during she hundred years which have come to a close. The omission, however, is in part made good by the action of the Times and other long- established papers in reprinting extracts from their issues at various periods during the century, and 3 allowing the reader to form his own conclusions ;11 as to the ideal of newspaper work which prevailed ' At different times. And nothing is more notice- , :tole than the gradual widening of view which has ken place from the beginning of the century, the recognition of multiform interests, the broader charities, the kinder view of opponents, the ad- mission of the fact that life is a greater thing than any one conception of it can be, the large-hearted tolerance which, with exceptions to be counted O n the fingers, may be claimed at the end of the century as a characteristic of the Press of the day. It is an interesting conjecture how far the twentieth century will have travelled before electricity has superseded steam as the motive power on the long-distance railways of the world. That it will soon drive the shorter lines is obvious enough, but the change of system on the great trunk railways will present engineering difficulties of nu mean kind, and, perhaps, financial problems of even greater magnitude. Yet in the opinion of Practical engineers, electricity is bound to prevail. From the point of view of e;ainomy alone it is obvious that it is far better that there should be a few large fires in great electrical stations scattered over the land than that over the various lines of the United Kingdom there should be scattered some 20,000 locomotives, each provided with an isolated and comparatively insignificant source of power, useless when the engine is standing at platform and in siding, extremely wasteful even when it is in motion, and doomed, moreover, to carry behind it a mass of fuel corresponding to two or three passenger carriages. Other advantages which have been dwelt on lately have not been lost sight of by those engaged in solving the problems of railway management, a task which, as a writer in" Blackwood's " rightly insists, becomes year by year one of greater perplexity. Indeed, " blaga's " well-informed contributor hints that, in view of labour difficulties and increase of cost on the one hand, and, on the other hand, competition with electric undertakings, which naturally hesitate at alliance with existing companies burdened with over-capitalisation, the nationalisation of railways, notwithstanding all the objections which can be raised to it, may some day be almost welcomed by the proprietors of the older lines.

-

I

I

" Sunrise" is dead, and we regret the demise of so philanthropic and unselfish a little, journal. Twelve years have elapsed since its birth, and twelve eventful years in the history of the town they have been. We note from the " sunset " number that "our pleas in almost every instance have prevailed," and then follows a list of public improvements which " Sunrise " very modestly takes credit either for suggesting or urging to fruition. Inferentially the town would still be fifty behind the times were it not for " which appears to have taken under its wing. It is rather hard people, ourselves included, for" Sunrise" 3 dying breath, to take all the credit for pal progress during the last dozen years, rhos, as has often been the case in the past '"is not to be taken seriously: Financially 1, we are told with charming candour, _ being found in the reflection that "we guage everything by the money standard." e the profit and loss account has been with a similar loftiness of conception. But " Sunrise " dies, out of its ashes is to rise

I

iunrise

years "Sun Warrii otth with it taunicij but it has

ington

per)

Sunrise

consolation

failed,

d 3 -1:-0- "erha7

uaps ,g,uaged

-hougi

f;

===== 0002601_19010104_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
110 it at fr•

===== 0002601_19010104_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
be. ow in- ; if ;re IVO did 3rfl,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
"The Dawn," a monthly magazine so that there will still be an outlet for the superfluous cash and ideas which the proprietors appear to be blessed with. Having indulged in a little sarcasm, we cordially pay tribute to the high ideal which the editor of and contributors to the pages of " Sunrise" have always kept before them, and we are equally ready to admit that the labours there- in expended for the advancement of the town and the furtherance of social progress have been by no means in vain. " Sunrise " has often deserved a better appreciation, which we hope its successor will just as fully merit and more fully obtain.

Another ship canal is being talked about—and not to Birmingham either. Yankee capitalists are struck with the advantage it would be to connect Southampton with London, and thus land passen- gers and freight fresh from the States right in the heart of the metropolis. The route has already been surveyed with the result, it is declared by those interested, that "no great engineering diffi- culties present themselves," and they believe the canal could be constructed for a "comparatively small outlay." We wonder what that is. An outlay small as compared with that on the war, or one not nearly approaching the national debt, perhaps? Compared even with the ex- pense of the Manchester Canal, that of one be- tween Southampton and London to accommodate vessels of vastly greater size than those which can make use of the existing inland waterway, must be enormous. And, of course, engineering diffi- culties do not "present themselves," beforehand. The scheme is attractive, no doubt, but it will not fascinate the public like the Manchester project did years ago. Investors have had an object lesson since then. A. canal to Birmingham was seriously proposed not long ago, but the idea fell through, and we do not see any bettet fate for the South- ampton-London venture unless the Yankees, who perceive so clearly its advantages, also find the meney.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF_ MOMENT. A Provincial Letter,

' Several important Actor Parliament came into operation with the New Year. First and foremost I may be mentioned the Companies Act, due largely to the labours of the late Lord Chief Justice Russell. That Act is expected to put a check upon the dishonesty which grew up under the old law. It deals with bogus qualifications of Idirectors and the gift of paid-up shares, prescribes that the prospectus shall not be a tissue of false- hoods, and that it shall state the minimum amount on which the board will go to allotment, while three-fourths of the total amount due on applica- tion must be paid up, bona-fide, before the com- pany starts business. The Act should reassure the investing public. Another uew measure is the Agricultural Hollings Act, whica simplifies the procedure for the assessment of compensation. The agricultuiist should find the law regarding his holding greatly improved, and many of the griev- ances caused by the exaction of penal rents remedied. The Burial Act, which came into force on rue iday, will produce many changes, as the re- sult of an agitation which had been continued ever since the passing of the Act of 1880 Some of these changes,however,until the several Burial Acts have been consolidated, many cause greater perplexity than before, The new Act only relates to ceme- teries, and therefore, does not remove any of the complaints relating to churchyards left unredressed by the Act of 1880. It is,moreover,not retrospective. It is chiefly around the question of consecration that the battle has been fought—and won by Non- conformists.

--- The dawn of the New Century puts the finishing stroke to the measure of last year which was received by all parties with the greatest amount of gratification, in being marked at the Antipodes on Tuesday by the birth of the Australian Common- wealth. Though prepared by the Colonies, the measure was introduced by the Gavernment, Only one controversial point was raised at the time, and that was amicably settled. The names of the states- men composing the first Ministry were on the last day of the century submitted to the Governor- General by Mr Barton,and it is satisfactory to know that Sir William Lyne accepted a portfolio. The Ministry is a strong and representative one, and its first year's work will be watched with interest by practical men in the English provinces and fedora- tionists everywhere, as well as by the Colonists of Augtralia. The historic and inaugural procession at Sydney on New Year's Day had been designed on an elaborate scale, but the work of preparation had taken so much time that the first hours of the Twentieth Century were trenched upon in rounding off the decorative material.

And when did the twentieth century begin? This • was the question thrust upon newspaper readers, by the correspondent of a London contem- porary, at the vary moment when some of them I must have been congratulating themselves on having escaped a revival of the con- troversy of the previous year, and has since been taken up by certain provincial writers. Suffice it to say that the point now raised is in itself novel and that this is the only plea for reverting to it here. The writer in the " Morning Post " begins with the statement that the two great divisions of historical times are B.C. and A.D., and then goes on to say that history and theology are for all practical purposes agreed so far as to celebrate the birth of Christ on the 25th of December, and that this is the date accepted by all Christendom in consequence. The great dividing line, being then, at the birth of Christ, and the , birth of Christ being celebrated unquestioned on thel 25th December, that it necessarily follows the 25th December and not the Ist of January, was the first day of the new century, and that it was the first day of the first century A.D. He then proceeds to hammer home his contention, and is evidently making converts of some who are easily persuaded. It seem late in the day for a controversy to be waged around the question of the eligibility of women to sit on School Boards; but it is a ques- tion which has been much discussed ot late, and the position of those who take what may be assumed to be the popular view does not appear particularly strong, A writer in the " Law Journal" appears to be strongly of opinion that ladies can- not legally become members. Another suggests that probably some day, when a chance occurs, there will be a clause inserted in some future Act of Parliament similar to the clause in the Local Government Act, passed March sth, 1894, as to guardians, namely :--" No per- son shall be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected or being a guardian." Men and women would then, he adds, be clearly and beyond all dis- pute, on the same legal footing as to School Boards. It may have been noticed that in Whitaker's Almanack for 1901 just published,at page 669,under the head "School Board Elections," there are the words, "No qualifications necessary, but aliens, &c., are disqualified. So, too, are women, but they are sometimes elected without objection."

For many hours of the past week the whole country may be said to have been without useful' telegraphic communication, owing to the gales. In case of emergency through invasion, actual or threatened, or in case of any other condition re- quiriog promptitude of action or decision, when every minute might be worth hours, as the saying goes, our resources have been in a condition of complete paralysis. The furtherance of commercial convenience might be made to coincide in a re- markable manner with precautionary provision for the national safety, if only the Chambers of Corn- merce.scattered over the k ingdom would unitedly endeavour to secure such object.. it assuredly behoves these organizations, in conjunction with local authorities to take the matter up, by urging as strongly as possible that some, at least, of the principal lines of communication should be laid underground, for the sake of greater security from accidents by storm. So practical a reform should not be difficult of attainment, and need not be too costly, considering the enormous permanent bene- fits that would be conferred on the community. At any rate London, the heart of England and the Empire, ought to be placed in perpetually safe communication with our principal seaports and arsenals and military depots, and with the shore ends of the submarine cables.

--- Apart from what relates to South Africa, the pro- vincial outlook may still be considered favourable, from„the business point of view. Some months since there were reasons to fear that the prosperity enjoyed for several years was almost at an end With the termination of the war, it was predicted by the pessimists that depression of trade would Fome, and the prospects in the coal and shipping industries were regarded as particularly dark, But,

.

. (41,:K

===== 0002601_19010104_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901

so far from the " boom" in the shipping trade having spent itself, the shipbuilders on the Clyde and in the north-east ports have, within the past two months, been inundated with orders; while the Welsh coal-owners have entered into some large contracts at good prices. '.the existing slight depres- sion in the iron trade, there is reason to believe, is but temporary The building and other outdoor trades, owing to the continual mildness of the weather, are showing increased activity and becom- ing brisk.

CONVERSAZIONE AT THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. The students of the Runcorn Technical Institute evening classes, on Wednesday evening last, spent a most enjoyable evening with a number of their friends in the new wing. Humorous sketches were given by Mr Clucas, Liverpool, and the de- lightful farce by Dickens "Box and Cox" by the Liverpool Amateur Lyric and Dramatic Society. Later dancing was indulged in. The refreshments were ably catered for by Mrs. Stubbs.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SCCCESSFIIL WIDNES SCHOLASS.

As a result of the competitive examination recently held, Robert Baldwin and Irwin Hafton have been awarded the free scholarships and Timmis grants to be held for three years at Fern- worth Grammar school. LOSTOCK GRALAII MINSTREL TROUPE. From our advertising column the particulars of this troupe's visit to Runcorn Mersey Mission, may be gleaned. Tney come with a good reputation and should secure sound support. TERRIBLE FATALITY IT WIDNES.

Yesterda-il-O-r-nin-g,-E-Li-gu--11-ivan's chemical works, Widnes, a lad named Griffiths, ageo 14, oE Moss Bank, plumber's labourer, was left in the piumber's workshop alone. At that time a huge pan, weigh- ing two tons, was in the shop for repairs. reared on ens aide. A quarter of an hour later a fitter went into the shop and was horrified to find that the wooden prop had given way,and the pan had fallen on the boy, who was horribly crushed. SERMON TO YOUNG MEN AND MAIDENS.

The first Sunday of the New Century has been very aptly chosen, we think, by the Rev. A. Wells, superintendent minister of the Runcorn Wesleyan Circuit, for the occasion of a special appeal to the l• young men and maidens" of Runcorn, and on Sunday night he will from the pulpit of St Paul's Church preach upon "The untrodden path of the future." The service commances at 6 30.

COMFORTERS FOR THE SAILORS. The usual annual tea and distribution of mufflers, button-holes, and tobacco, to the sailors in the Fort of Runcorn, took place at the Jlersey Mission on Wednesday evening. As is well known the prime movers in this work are the Misses Hayes, of Prod- sham,and they deserve every credit for their efforts this year were not one whit behind those of previ- ous years. An enjoyable concert followed. SHOCKING ACCIDENT AT OLD QUAY. . . _ . .

A shocking accident occurred at -the Manure Works of the United Alkali Company at Old Quay, Runcorn, on Wednesday afternoon about four o'clock. An electric motor works the crane which ,is used for loading and discharging ships in the Ship Canal and so rapidly does the machine work that it is necessary to constantly chalk the strap. On Wednesday afternoon Alfred Smith, a young man of 21 years,whose home is in Percival-lane at- tempted to perform this duty while the machinery was in motion. His arm became entangled and it was quickly sawn off below the elbow by the rapidly revolving strap. Every possible attention , was shown to him and he was conveyed by the first available train to Liverpool Infirmary. New Postmaster for Runcorn.—A Warrington Man Appointed. Mr W Bennett, the assistant superintendent at the Warrington Post Office has been appointed post- master of Runcorn. For upwards of 25 years Mr Bennett has been connected with the Warrington Office, His services commenced in 1875 and oy his assiduity and integrity he gradually rose step by step until in 1892 he was appointed assistant super- intendent. He has now been promoted to the position of post :,aster at Runcorn and he will enter upon his duties there on the 14th instant. Mr. Bennett replaces Mr Orrell, who has been removed to Patricroft. SATURDAY NIGHT CONCERT AT BETHESDA ScHoolinoom.

The Runcorn Orchestral Society gave a very suc- cessful concert, at Bethesda Schoolroom, last Satur- day night, of which many availed themselves. The programme was as follows : —Orchestra, overture "Bohemian Girl ;"Mr B Johnson, song "The Mighty Deep ;'orchestra,waltz, "Bydropaten ;" Mr IL Balm- ford, 'cello solo, " Dreaming " " Gavotte in D ;" Mr J S Pierce, humorous song, "Tat, Tut ;" orchestra selection, " A Jolly llolilay ;" orchestra selection, "A. Life on the Ocean VI ave ;" Mr E Johnson song, " Storm Fiend ;" Mr r Knight, cornet solo," Pan- dora; " Mr. J S Pierce, humorous song, " When Father Laid the Carpet on the Stairs ;'' orchestra, quadrille, "Patience ;" Mr J S Pierce, humourous song, " The Story of a Tin Tack ;" orchestra, march, ' German Patrol ;"" God Have the Queer." SMUT CAPTURE BY A RUNCORN POLICE

===== 0002601_19010104_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICER

Mr. W. rimmins, was the magistrate at thel Runcorn Patty Sessions, last Monday, the only case being that of a well-known character, Peter Knight, who was charged with being drunk in Lord-street, on the previous,Saturday night.—Fromi the evidence it appeared then were two commit- ments "hanging over the defendant's head " for school cases, one of which dated from October 7th. To elude them he had gone to Fleetwood where he obtained work. Subsequently his wile who resided in Waterloo-road, and for whose ill-treatment he had been many times convicted—died. On Satur- day, Knight came to Widnes and walkee across the bridgelfor the purpose of obtaining a certificate from the registrar of his wife's death,so as to enable him to draw some club money out nf the works club. II Although the distance from the footbridge to thel Registrar's house is not more than 500 yards ; whilst &light was making the journey, Detective- Sergeant Gregory recopnized him and took charge' of him for • obvious reasons.—The magistrate inflicted a fine of ss. and 63. costs tor the drunken- ness, and granted committal for 14 days in default of payment of the fine, and the monies due on the School Board convictions. The money was paid. MARRIAGE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. ' The marriage of Mr Edmund Bazley, of Man- chester, and Miss Mary Jane Harrison, daughter of Captain Harrison, took place at St Paul's Church, on Saturday afternoon, when the impressive cere- mony was conducted by the Rev J B Foster. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a pretty costume of cream alpaca,trimmed with satin, point lace, and orange blossoms with toque to match, and she also carried a bauquet of white flowers. She was attended by five bridesmaids the Misses Edith, Annie, Beatrice and Elsie Harri- son (sisters) and Maggie Owen (niece). The three elder bridesmaids were dressed in cream cashmere costumes,trimmed with yellow silk and guipure(sic) lace, with yellow sashes and toques to match. They carried bouquets of yellow flowers. The juvenile bridesmaids wore cream dresses and close fitting bonnets, and carried baskets of choice yellow flowers and maiden hair fern. Mr John Edward Bazley (brother of the bridegroom), acted as best man, and Messrs Rowlands and Robert Parrting as groomsmen. The guests were Mr and Mrs and Miss Harrison, Mr Owen, Master Harrison, Mr. Rowlands, Mr Thomas, Mr Hetherington, Miss Emma Harrison, Mice Woodward, Miss Lightfoot, Miss Gregory: After the ceremony the company partook of the wedding breakfast at the home of the bride's parents. Later in the day the happy couple left for Manchester. The presents were numerous and handsome. ST. MICHAEL'S SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The annual concert and distribution of prizes in connecqon with SG Michael's Church Sunday tichool, took place at the Greenway-road schoolroom, on Wednesday evening last. The Rev C P Bushforth BA,, curate-in-charge, introduced Mrs Raschen, Higher Runcorn, and she very pleasantly carried out the prize distributing part of the programme. The programme was a capital one and was thoroughly enjoyed by the large audience present. Part I included a flag song by the children; song, "Urchins We," Masters R Moulton, f Steele, and H Roberts ; mandoline trio, Messrs S Burton, M Joynson, and G Evans, and a delightful recitation from Miss Weston. Part II was taken up with a pretty operetta "The White Garland," the scene being a wood. The characters therein were ably impersonated by: —Miss S Woodward, queen; Masters W Hough and T Wood, train bearers; Miss N Woodcock, , punctuality ; Miss II Williams, perseverance ; Miss Joynson,generosity ; Master J Virood,idle scholar: Master J Hill, quarrelsome scholar ; and Master Pownall, selfish scholar. Special mention should be made of the ability displayed by the queen. The concluding portion of the programme was ably sus- tained by the s'. Michael's Nigger Troupe, who as a whole rendered the choruses "Good- Times," "Soldiers in the Park " and a" sneezing song " very cleverly. The soloists were Master J Hill, " Sue ": Master W Wistidale, " I want my mammie " ; and Master T Youd, " Jolly Nigger." The credit for the success of the evening is principally due to Misses Burton and Wood. Mrs Bllams was the able accom- panist. The whole concluded with "God. save the Queen," DELICIOUS MAZkWATTEE TE& DELICIOUS MAIANATTEII DHLIOLOUS PLAZA.WATTIiI3 TICS. SOLEAGoraiitS:z AN HEND RzßXbiTmeNnGocexmaps Co.,ETC TD. wR 6. gonsw.aver-arasier, wAssurirrox.

V • •' 'a

===== 0002601_19010104_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By a Correspondent].

That there is arsenical beer in the Runcorn Rural District is abundantly proved by a letter from Mr R Potts, clerk to the County Council, to the Run- corn Rural District Council. For out of seven samples taken and analysed one of beer showed I about I-500th part of arsenical acid per gallon. True this is a small amount; but it must not be for- gotten that it establishes the fact that "poisoned beer is on tap, or rather has been on tap; and, if there is a trace of arsenic in the brew,it establishes the possibility of a bigger dose creeping in. In a letter which is in a degree a criticism of Sir C Quilter's Pure Beer Bill (written to the District Council of Runcorn) Sir J T Brunner deals with a very important aspect of the question. The letter is published in another column.

Mentioning Sir J T Brunner's name reminds me that he is due at the Liberal Club,Runcorn,on Tues- day next the Bth inst.,when he will address all who care to hear upon Liberal politics.

-- Another interesting subject before the Board of Guardians was the better treatment and classific- ation of aged deserving poor. Who is there that will not hail the advent of better times for the poor with feelings of pleasure. A point to pride our- selves upon, however, is the fact that the Runcorn Guardians have acted in the spirit of the Local Government Board for some time past. The grant- ing of out-relief sufficient to make independent of charity will, it is hoped, enable Runcorn to avert what was done in another parish. Here an aged couple were taken "to the Fiouee " and the husband and wife separated by the distinction of" Men and VVomen's Wards," when both were well on the way to 70 years of age.thaugh their poverty was brought about by no fault of their own.

Runcorn almost secured a maiden Sessions, on Monday last, but fate and Detective Sergeant Gregory intervened. Had it come about, however, I think it would have been due tip the fact that stuumonses were not made returable, rather than as an indication of the " state of crime " in the district. Considering the time of the year, though. one cannot help thinking that intemperance is on the decline in the town, for the festive season just concluded has not been productive of" drunks." " Arsenical Beer" may be the cause, hut personally I incline to the belief that a higher tone pervades the inhabitants, who as a class are sober,industrious and religious.

Mr. Thos Smith, the captain of the " Dagmar " who accomplished the gallant reicue of three War- rington men during the recent gale, has a record as a life saver of which any man might well be proud. Still, such is the irony of fate, his past exploits have been their own reward, and he still awaits due official recognition. Tie has also the reputation of being a capable, trustworthy seaman and well able to pilot the Mersey on the darkest of nights.

FOOTBALL. Runcorn's performances during the holidays have been good,and since last I wrote they have defeated Leigh and Birkenhead Wanderers. This too,in face of the fact that ths redoubtables, Faulkner and Butterworth have been unable to don the jersey for almost the whole of the season. Next week they face the Rochdale Hornets, at Rochdale, an event they should carry off if any thing like present form 'is shown. Bertie Joaes,the new venture, is proving a useful fellow at three-quarter, and has quite come up to expectations. Indeed, some think he has the making of a "Crompton," and as it must be con- ceded that the Runcorn critic know something about football, a few years might see the prediction verified.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
---0-• WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pte. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford home:lo 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oet. 6 Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 18 E 20 Lane. v Cumber. away 21 2 20 Altrineham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 3 Lane. v York ....us home 24 5 3 Widnes(o.W.L.Aß.T. Cup Comp)home 20 7 10 Rochdale Hornets .. horns 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 E 4 Bt. Helens away 7 0 Dee. 1 Widnes home 10 7 8 Lane. v Cheshire away 30 0 8 Altrincham 15 Salford away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (6.W.L.A8.T.0 Comp)home 6 6 26 Runcorn borne 0 2 29 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Jan. 1 Manninghaus ...... away 24 3 6 Swinton ............................away 12 Wigan home 19 Millom ....3 away 26 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham SW69 f 0 Leigh 5 Broughton Rangers ...... . .......... .home 23 Stockport home Mar. 2 Oup Tie

9 Cup Tie 16

id Cup Tie . 31 Cup Tie Apt. 6 Good Friday ......... borne 6 MIRom • home 8 M Leigh 13 Semi-Final 20 Ohampione v. Rest ......................... 27 Final

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER TqA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTHR DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA SOLE Action's : HENRY MILLING AND CO.. LTD, WHoLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5. HORSEMAREET-BTREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HARRIERS.

RUNCORN v. WINNINGTON.

The!visitors to Runcorn on Saturday were the Win- nington Harriers. These lusty athletes came without the services of two of their usual counters, while Run- corn were without such men as Cadman, Ray, Lewis, Stubbs, Povey, and Temperley, who had not as yet got over the previous Saturday's engagement, which was a nine miles road race. Six of the Ruocorn lads turned up to help to sustain the honour of the Runcorn club against fifteen of the Winningtoo pack. It was decided to count the first five in each tearn. The hares, Hand- ley and Kilgary, and one of the visitors, laid the trail over some heavy country in the direction of Rock Savage, Sutton Weaver, flail Wood, and home, a distance of seven miles. Thomas, of the homesters, tuok up the running from the start, and made things hum for about four miles, when Sims, of the visitors, came to the front and led for a while, about a mile from J Goodall, of the homestors, who eventually passed Sims, and had no diffi- culty in getting first home. He was followed by Sims, ' of the visitors, and close to the latter come Memos, of the Runcorn pack. foe race became rather keen, as the counters of each team arrived very close up, and ended in a victory for Winnington by the narrow margin of the three points. fhe teams finished in the following 'order : —Runcorn : Goodall, Ist • Tnomss, 3rd ; Leyland, sth ; Matthews, 9th ;Filkine, o:h—total, 30 points. Win- nington : Sims, 2ad ; Manderville, 4th ; Eiwards, etti Hodgkinson, 7th ; Booth, B,h—total, 27 points. On Saturday next the fixture is an inter-club run with the Warrington Harriers at Warrington.

CRAWFORD'S

KIEL FINGERS

'OR

===== 0002601_19010104_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTERNOON TEA.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. Mr J Knowles,J P, Presided, and there were also present :—Admiral Junes- Parry, Messrs S Woodward, J stokes, C E Linaker, T Wright, T Baxter, E A Wallington, J Edwards, P Gleave, T Lewis, E Clarke, T Darlingt9a, T Antwiss, H Mawds- ley, P Leather, with Mr George F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk), Mr J Farrington (inspector). Messrs Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), and Dr J Adams (medical officer). ARSENICAL BEER IN RUNCORN.

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk of the Couuty Council, reply. jug to Mr Ashton's letter of the 19th ult, intimated he was informed by their Chief Weights and Measures In- spector that seven samples of beer, two of jam, and one of sweets were purchased in the Runcorn Rural District on the lit ult. These samples bad been certified by the County Analyst as free from arsenic with the exception of one sample of beer which was found to contain a trace only, about 1-500th grain arsenious acid per gallon of beer.

Mr S Woodward : They go on drinking in this neigh- bourhood? (Laughter.) Mr Stokns : Yes, Yee: (Inc,eaand Laughter ) THE THELWALL NUISANCE EMPFIATICALLY DENIED. The Clerk read the full° wing letter:— Grappenhall, Near Warrincton, December 28th, 1900. Mr. G F Ashton, _ Clerk to Runcorn Rural District Council.

Dear Bir :—Re alleged Nuisance at Tanneries. lug read read in the Preis from time to time letters concerns log the above we the undersigned employees of Mean. William Long and 8 en, do hereby truly and emphatic- ally declare (1), that no smell such as is alleged exists at the Tannery, (2), nor is there anything that is injur- iods about the place. (3). neither have we suffered in any way whatever, strong proof of which may be gathered from a careful perusual of the signatures and the lea ti of time we have served on the place. You are quite at liberty to make wha' ever use you like of this. Your faithfully, (on behalf the men), FREDERICK T. SPENCE.

Nanys aud year emplo7ed :—J Fairhurst, 55 ; W Miller, 45 ; F &liven, 20 ; E Smith, 12 ; Frederick T Spencs, 11 ; Fred Fairhurst, 24 ; John Elli- son 16; Toomas Leah, 11 . • John Booth, 29; Jamea H Daniels, 4 ; Ralph Ba•le, 6 ; William Fairhurst, 27 ; William Brookes, 5 ; Walter Sin- clair, 5 ; George Johnson, 35 ; Joseph Leigh, 21 ; W RaYenscroft, 10 ; W Jarman, 9; J Moston, 11 ; William Caiman, 2 ; Paul Peters, 9 ; J Brookes, sen , 6; Eiward flout, 4 ; John Brookes, 6 ; James Marsh, 7; John Scatham,son., 3 ; Ernest Williatns,7 ; Jack Statnatn,jun., 6; Edwin Gilberts, 6 ; James Stockton,4 ; James Daniels, 1 ; Frank Daniels, 1 ; Henry Bate, 3; A Brookes, 4 ; Henry Longshaw, 7; William Phcenia, 12; James Bowles, 1. Mr. Stokes : I hope that will go to the Press, Mr, Chairman. Mr. Linaker : It is only fair to represent Inth sides of the case.

The Chairman: Just so. TELEPHONE FACILITIES.

Application wa-s-;;;Cei-Vea fre-rn—t-h-o-iiational Telephone Company, Ltd., for permissioo to erect 14 poles on the roadside near Comberbach, Northwich, under the terms of the usual agreement one shilling per pole per annum. Mr Swinton (the surveyor) reported that the road was a very narrow one, and he would like to go over it again before the application was dealt with. This was agreed to. . _

Admiral Parry thought that any application for the erection of such poles, should carry with it, if granted. a condition that the bottoms of the poles be painted white for a length of about 6 feet, otherwise such poles were a danger. Mr Wallington considered that " whle " might frighten horses. Still, the Admiral's suggestion was a very glad one. (Hear, hear). Mr Woodward : How abut cyclists. (Laughter).

THE NORTHWICH TO WARRINGTON LIGHT RAILWAY.

The Clerk reported upon the proposed scheme for a Light Railway from Nmtlawich to Warrington, and con- sidered it was a scheme the Council a-i.oulci be well advised to go thoroughly into, as it differed from the Previous one very materially. Mr. P. Luther thought the ralway %ma wanted and they should leave it alone. Mr. C. E. Linaker admitted the want of the railway, but urged that the Council should ,safeguard itself. (Flear, hear.) consideration of the scheme was then unani- measly submitted to a Committee to report upon.

THE CDMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.

Business over, Mr. Knowles with his accustotra,cl brevity rose and said; "Happy New Year to you all gentlemen." The Committee: "Same to you sir." RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. The usual meeting ot the above Council WM held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Thursday last. Tnere were present :—Messrs W Handley (chairman) S Taylor, E Imison, J Ptitchard, D Bisbrown, J H Salkehl, T Jones, M J Sweetman, H G Gibe, E Gatley, with Messrs F A Lake (law clerk), E Marshall (Secretary), .1 Wilding (Surveyor) and Dr F McDougall (medical officer). A. DESIRABLE WISH.

The Chairman before commencing the routine business of the Council said he wished them all a happy new year, and asked them to join him in wishing the town, on the threshold of a new century, health, wealth and progress. (Hear, hear).—The chairman thou gave an outline of the progress of the town from 1801 to 1801.

HEALTH OF THE TOWN. The Medical Offic:ir reported the number of deaths registered during tke past month amounted to 27. To were the subjects of inquests. The average was 17 and exclusive of inquest cases 15 per 1,000 of the estimated population, 46 births were reeistered. For the corres- ponding period of last year 26 deaths, and 53 births were registered. The town was free from infectious diseases.

HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS. Mr 8 Taylor proposed the adoption of the Highways and Buildings Committee recommendations, by which the Council undertook to plant trees on the North side of Moughland-lane at the expense of the occupiers of such road.

MARKETS AND CEMETERY COMMITTEE. ' This committee recommended that the following report prepared by the secretary as to the execution of the Canal 'hats Acts be approved and adopted : " Twelve boats have been registered during the year. Four were new boats and eight re-registered. The total number of boats registered at Runcorn is 1,023. Twenty-four contraventions of the Acts and Regulations have been reported by the Canal Boats Inspector. The owners were communicated with in each instance, except with regard to the cases hereafter mentioned, and the Inspector reported from time to time to the Committee that the matters complained of had been remedied. Legal prc.ceedings 'were taken against the mast 'r of the boat "Adriatic" for allowing such boat to be used as a sleeping place by himself, wife, and son, about 25 years of age. Proceedings were also taken against the master of the boat "Wyoming" for allowing his boat to be overcrowded, the boat having three chil- dren too many on board. Penalties were inflicted in each case by the Justices. Toe registration of throe boats has been cancelled. 301 boats have been insoected luring the year, on board of which were found 447 men 194 women, and 157 children.' The Council again noted with regret that there was an incrsase in the number of women and children found on board the boats inspected. No case of infectious disease was notified as having occurred on a canal boat.

TEE BURIAL ACT.

The Cemetery Committee also reported that the Burial Act, 1000, came into force on January let, 1001. The two main features of the Act an :—The re-distribution between the Secretary of State and the Local Govern- ment Board of the powers and duties of a Central Authority under the laws affecting burial,and the altera- tion of the law regulating consecration, chapels,and fees payable to ministers, clerks, and sextons. The Committee also recommended that the table of ministers fees no* in force be submitted to the Secre- tary of State for Home Affairs for his approval. The minutes were approved of on the motion of Mr E Gatley. THE TECHNICA.L SCHOOLS. Mr J Wilson in submitting the minutes of the Technical Instruction Corinnitt,,e far approval said the first two were to fill a vacancy and the second was the natural evolution of things. The recommendations were :—that Mr. A. R. Black- burn, Assistant Master at Wolverton Grammar School, and an Associate of the Royal College of Science, be appointed an Assistant Master at the Institute Day Son lin the place of Mr. Florimeour, resigned, at a salary at the rate of £lOO per annum, subject to one month's notice being given by either party. The appointment to date from the liith January. 1901. Mr. Lawrenson expressed a wish to be relieved of the evening chemistry classes at the r end of the present term. It was recommended that Mr. Blackburn be appointed teacher of chemistry for tbe evening classes a: the same rate as as present paid, that is £5O for the four ' classes for the session. The appointment to date from September next.—That the salary of Mr TJ Irving,assist- ant master, be increased from £7O to £75 to date from January 3rd, 1901, and^that it be further increased from £75 to £BO from September Ist, 1901, and that apparatus be purchased for the Physics Laboratory at an estimated cost of £6. Mr 8 Taylor seconded the motion, which was carried.

FINANCIC.

On the motion of Mr N—lMiTio-n-, the financial repot was adopted. It contained a minute accepting the offer of the Warrington Corporation of a loan of £2,000 at 3} per cent, interest, subject to repayment on six month's notice from either side. nsuctorrs EfAZ %MATTER TEA. DELICIOUS MAZ AWATTEE TEA - 'NIMMONS MAZAWATTHII Tllft SOLE AGENTS: MINNIE MILLING AND CO • LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5 HORBEXLRICET STEW, WARRINGTON.

N-ME

===== 0002601_19010104_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EXIT 1900-WELOWE 1901.

Runcorn.

With characteristic pantomime effects, " the man in the Runcorn Streets " heralded the change of the year ; bells were clangieg,hooters hooting and whistles screech- ing, but with an "accordin" as he lovingly calls it,there was a class of "man in the street" in Runcorn, who easily eclipsed pandemonium, and caused the " three furies ' pangs of jealousy, without himself " turning a hair." New Year's Eve found him on the prowl, and those who did not hear him, had either spent too good an evening, or were comfortably laid to rest some time ago in the pretty Greenway-road Cemetery. Why such spirits ce.n find no other vent is matter for wonderment? Rowdyism, on any other hand, however, was conspicuous by its absence, and though large crowds paraded the streets wishing one another boisterous "good wishes," the whole town was pervaded with a high tone and the "stagger- ing roysterer " was less in evidence than ever. Probably this was due to the efforts put forward by the various places of worship where midnight services were held ; and, to this, also, can be att:ibuted the fact that on the eve of a New Century almost a representative of every Runcorn family was gathered within the precincts of a place of worship seek- ing th 3 guidance of God in the future, which shall lead to that " bourne" of which Shakespere so feeling speaks when he says "from which no traveller returneth." The details of these services will be found below. Thl Bind of the 2nd Earl Cheshire (Runcorn Detachment) played through the streets, their usual " waits," and on the whole gave excellent programmes. Carol singing was general, the youthful element of the town being espec- ially promicenc, The most enjoyable street item, how- ever, was the performance of an impromptu "Young men's choir," composed largely of the Runcorn male voice party, who alter the several places Of worship had " let-out," went round the town rendering really capital items. Those who heard them enjoyed the singing, and desire to thank the singers.

Service at St. Paul's Church, Runcorn.

The last night of the 19-h Century was most fittingly observed by the worshippers of St. Paul's,Church Run-- corn, and was conducted on the lines laid down for the Wesleyan Metialcist Twentieth Century celebration, and similar to that held in abut 8,030 Wesleyan places of worship throughout the Kingdom. Cosi-mishear:lg at 10 o'clock with "0 for a thousand tongues to sing "to the good old tune" Lineham," the service was kept up in- spiringly until 12.10, and its conclusion left an impres- sion, if not lasting, long ta be remembered by all who were present. N3ver, perhaps, have the walls of St. Pantie given shelter to so large an audience congregated for a similar function, and not many are the occasions whereon so large a bole, of psople were so feelingly moved. The hymns which were sung with true congre- gational zest included:—"Ail hail the power of Jesus name," "I'll praise my maker while I've breath," "Salvation 0 the j3yful sound," "Let the earth and Heaven agree," "Rock of ages cleft fcr me," and "Come let us anew our journey pursue," The selected passages ' of Scripture were Psalm ciii., and the " Second lesson." Ton Rev II Merrisoa founded hie address on "My times are in Thy Hand," and the R3V, a 13 Foster chose " Sl teach us to number our days that we may apply or hearts to wisdom," and the Rev A Wells selected " Ye shall henceforth turn this way no more," as sub- ljecte for profoundly impressive addresses. Mr R H Posnett and Mr T Simister led the prayers When the congregation rose to sing the New Year hymn. the Rev A. Wells gave them the "New Year's Greeting." Referr- ing to the 20th Century Lind, he said that originally the Methodists of the Runcorn Circuit had promised to raise 1330 guineas. Of than ameunt more than £l3OO had been raised. (Hear, hear.) At the recent quarterly meeting of the circuit,it was resolved to raise Runcorn's pledge to 1600 guineas. (Hear, he.ar.) An 1 of that amount he bad great pleasure in stating that 127 guineas were-premised towards the addit'onal amount asked for. He concluded with an appeal for the balance. The St. Paul's choir was augmented by members from Halton- road, and Camden. Mr. Reggie Johnson presided at the organ. Ties whole eerv‘ce was thoroughly comforting, hearty, brillantly enjoyable and inspiring,

The Parish Church. The service here was conducted by the Vicar, the Rev Canon A M Wood, M.A., and was very largely attended. The hymns sung were ." A few more years shall roll and" Just as I am without on plea."A masterful address was also given by the Vicar on the " Past, Present, and Future." The service was most impressive.

Halton Wesleyan Trinity Church. An exceptionally large congregation attended the mid- night service at this place of worship, wtnch lasted from quarter to eleven until live past twelve. Helpful ad- dresses were delivered by Messrs. James Looker and W Moores. Several appropriate hymns were also sung.

New Year's Treats at Runcorn. The usual New Year School Treats were given to the scholars of Brunswick, Camden and Nelson-street Wes- leyan Schools, on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Earlestown and Newton.

The last day of the century passed over very quietly indeed in this neighbourhood. All the works, with the exception of the printing and paper establish- ments at Newton were close] and there was conse- quently a good number of people present in the streets. Many people left the town for the important centres such as Manchsster, and Liverpool, but at night the streets wore a very busy aspect, caused chiefly by wor- shippers attending the watch night services at the var- ious churches and chapels, all of which were crowded. References were made in all the places to the dying century and the possibilities of the New Century. On the stroke of midnight rockets were Sent up, and- buzzers blown heralding the New Year, and cornea tula tions were numerous on all sides.

New Year's Parties at Earlestown. Wesleyan Sunday School.

The annual tea, entertainmen,t and distribution of prizos in Connection with the above school took place in the schoolroom on Tuesday. About 300 were present to tea the tables being presided over by teachers and lady members of the congregation. After the room bad tree: cleared the entertainment was proceeded with, the Rev E C Dove presiding. In submitting his annual re- port, the Secretary, Mr T Parr, said the school was divided into three divisions of 31 clams. There were 70 teachers and officers on the books, and the average morning attendance was 15, afternoon 5728 There were 500 scholars on the books, the average morning attendance being 119.56, afternoon 298 28. In connection with the young men's Bible c'ass there were 123 on the books with an average attendance of 63. The Juvenile Missionary Association had collected £4O which was devoted to the Home and Foreign Missions. Towards the Million Guinea Fund the scholars had collected £39 18a 73, the young men's bible class £49 184 teachers £39 18s, total £125 14s 7d. Last year the scholars collected £6 7s for Dr Stevenson's home for destitute children. The net income of the school was £Bl OS 111, and expenditure £73 19s leaving a balance of £7 12s 0. After a short address by the Chairman,the following programme was proceeded with: —Humorous quartette, "There was an old woman," Misses M Barr, and F Holliday, Messrs Twemlow and Webster ; song, " Mid the bush of the corn," Miss Genii° ; piano solo, " Sonatina," Master James Wilson ; recitation. "The Judge's Sentence," Mr George Warbur- ton ; song, " The Tia Gee Gee," Miss Adams ; song, "Queen and Country," Mr f homes Higgins ; song,"The King's Own," Miss Olive Roberts ; recitation, " The brave-hearted boy," Master Joe Atkinson •, duet, " Love and War,' Messrs Twemlow and Webster ; song, " The land w here the children play." Miss Kate Alderson ; duet, " Life's dream is o'er," Misses M Barr and F Holliday; humorous dialogue, " Our Sam's scrubbing brush" ; the charac- ters being " Sam Johnson, a working man," Mr E Goslin ; " Ann Johnson, his wife," Mrs E Goalie ; " Kit Kallops. a travelling pedlar," Mr T Parr ; " Susie John- son, Sam's daughter." Mi3S Lillie Faragher , " Peter Johnson, Sam's son," Master Robert Wilkinson ' • " Mr Prudent, an Oddfellow." Mr A Lumb ; " Mrs Gallop, a friend of Mrs Johnson," Miss Louie Berry. The prizes gained by the scholars during the year for regular attendance, and for marks obtained in answering tablet questions, consisting of books, were distributed by the Chairman. Miss E L Greenall presided at the piano in her usual eilleient manner.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Congregational Sunday School, Newton.

The annual gathering was held in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening. About 180 sat down to tea, the lady members of the congregation presiding at the tables. After tea an entertainment was given, the Rev James Allatt presiding. The Secretary (Mr Bramah) submitted his annual report, which showed an increase in the attendance of the scholars, The entertainment con- sisted of selections on the phonograph by Mr Bmhell, songs by lady members of toe congregation, and a dialogue by the elder scholars.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Sunday School

The annual tea, coned and prize distribution took place in the above school on Tuesday evening. About 200 sat down to tea, which was very nicely served. The eubEequent proceedings were presided over by Mr Evett and consisted of a magic lantern entertainment by Mr. Holm-, Songs and recitations were given at intervals by Miss L Jones, Miss Hulse, Miss Partington, and Mr. W Limond, and the younger scholars. Mr J Isherwood gave selections on the fairy-belle. About 70 awards of books, for regular attendance and good conduct were distributed by Mr. Valentine. Primitive Methodist.

In conneotion with the Christian Endeavour Society a eocial gathering was held in the Primitive Method let Schoolroom on New Year's night. About 90 were pre- sent to an excellent tea, the evening being afterwards spent iu games of various !uncle.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURB A_COLD IN ORB DAY

—„..— Take Laxative Promo Quinine Tablets. All Druggists re- fund the money if it falls to cure. 1/li. The genuine is stamped L. B. Q. --Advt.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
rWatchnight Services at Warrington. In acemdance with custom watchnight services w held in most p1.C•13 of wuranip in Warriescon on Year's Eve. There were on the wholf. rongreo. tions.

-IPet

. 1 ' ! i , , • . ; , ‘ .!...;1' , , .41 f , i _ I 1 ' .' • • ,) : 1 .. "..,1 kt , k, , . • , ( , 4 , i' 4 ! ' .t: '.* • i 1 P• 11,,,,, e r 1. , • 0 ; A : 1 1 I ' V , tr, ' 1 . tl I 1 i , e •i ; r , . . • 7' .., , -. , :- , ' ..' ..' [ . 1 Irl 11 I , ) 7 ' • rt r '

===== 0002601_19010104_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey Road Wesleyan Church.

An impres-ive feature of the watcenieht service at this Church, was the interpretation, by the choir,of a special choral servize camporipd by Dudley Buck. 'fnere was a good congregation, tue Rev. C Hllockm coedusting the proceedings. Tuis service opened with the hymn " Sal- vation, 0 the jsyful sounj, ' which was foilowed by a suitable prayer. The first portion of the choral service was then gone through, commencing with the beautiful chorus " Lard Taou hast been our refuge." The hymn " Rock of Ages " was heartily sung, after which the Rev. C. El. Rucked delivered an ao-.rose from the words " And he that sat upon the throne: I will make all things new." During tlie course of his remarks he said that the churches were inaugurating great movements in a great ceatury. Their own church was raising one million guineas, and the Free Church Federation of Ragland and Wales was inaugurating • great mission. What were they going to do? Were they looking tor ward, and would their life be renewed with new interests in the period betere them ? God would take their chant life and make it new. Th../ should enter the new century with a new heart. The choir then rendered the second portion of the cantata and the last few minutes of the old centary and the first few m.niites of the new were spent it, silent prayer. Tne service was brought to a nnclusita with the singing of the chorus " Glory be to Gad an high." Mr B Wadsworth ably presided at the organ alio he is to be complimented upon the success which attended the musical portion of the service. A coilection was taken on behalf of Dr Stephensou'e homes for waifs and strays. Wycliffe Church.

The service at Wycliffe Church was conducted by the Rev John Yonge. The hymns sung were : " Praise my soul, the King of Heaven," "L He comes with clouds descending," "On, safe to the reek which is higher than I," " Onward Christian Soldiers." Shortly betore mi I- night tire pastor delivered a brief address. Be remarked that they were indebted to the Methodists for the more religious observance of this particular period. If his recollection did not deceive him, in his youeger days it was mainly a Wesleyan custom to have a is archnignt service. John Wesley mast have taught his followere to rescue so suggestive a season from mere frivolities, and to turn it to some bettor &exeunt. and for a long time,he thought, the Wesleyan had a kind of monopoly of this service. During the las^ 30 or 40 years, however, their example bad teen followed by other churches, until at length even the Anglican chumhes and cathedrals bad been opened for such services, and were open that night. As a matter of fact, the places of worship in the country where such a service was not being held were very few and far between. The mei. sion partook of a tinkles and distinctive character. They were not only watching the close of one year and the beginning of another, but they were watching the last moments of the century and the in- coming of the new century. That to them was abso- lutely unprecedented and certainly could never for theta Ibe repeated. There was a great deal of impressiveness lin standing, as they did, on the threshold of centuries, upon the farther:nort boundary of one and toe earliest door of the other. They would cease talking of the 19th century as a present period in a few minutes* It would be as completely past as all its predecessers. Toe mighty tome of its marvellous history would be closed and from. pleted.and the angel of the infinite rewords would beein with tireless nen indinng the perpetual story of God's ways with this world in the 20i:h century. A n-w volume would be opened in Heaven. Who could prospect its cern. tents? If they were in Christ Jesus,as he,prayeo God they might be, it would be a glorious century for them The specially historic character of the occasion being the ending of the century might serve to send their reflec- tions back over the whole of their past life, retie ring not so exclusively a closing year, as was customary now but all the years. Mingled emotions must ever tr stirred by such e retrospect—gratitude, regret and penitence. In conclusion he asked the memtnn of the congregation to prepare for the new year end the remaining days of the years of life by prevnt self- surrender to the Saviour and King. The last few moments of the old year were sneut in silent prayer, and when the hour had struck Mr Yonge wished all a happy and prosperous new year and century. A hymn was sung, and the service concluded with the Benediction

===== 0002601_19010104_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

The service at SC Peter's Church was conducted by the Rev W Bracecamp in the pre;ence of a very large gathering of parishioners. Appropriate hymns were heartily sung,and the reverend gentleman, in the course of s short address from the words " For God as loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son,that who. soever believetb in Him, should not perish, but have everlasting life," said that if there was any time during the year when one ought to be ?erious,it was during the last few moments of an expiring year and ths first moments of a new year. When they looked bark upon the pest 12 months,and thought of their sins of omission and commission, if they were men and women at all they must realiz3 that they were guilty towards God for the sins they had committed in thought, word and deed during the past 12 months and during the years in which they had been privileged to live. It was sad to reflect that in a parish like that, contsining 10.000 people, they could barely scrape up 400 on a Sunday night. He hoped their consciences would smite them, and that they would never rest until they saw better attendances at church during the coming year. While the congregation knelt in prayer, the preacher asked for a blessing upon the town, the municipal authorities, the absent vicar, the congregation, organists members of the choir, and himself, and when the new century dawned he wished all present "a very blessed aud prosperous new and happy year in the true sense of the word "—happy because they had realized where to get true happiness from. Might God bless them in their ' going-out and coming-in.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS JAD SNOBS UNDER T3E CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREHL-Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS. -Adot

ASK or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLA.SS MINIIK&L WATFIRS—iId

iorni FOR ALL, UN DER THE MOOR. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDBI2 THE CLOCK FOR BUS BOOTS ix TANCASHitOI.—Advt

JOHN WALKER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE WARRINGTON Am) MID•CHESHIRE EXAMINER. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, RUNCORN EXAMINER. WIDNES EXAMINER. ST. HELENS EXAMINER: MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGB TY PH MAMMOTH POSTERS. PO MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MA vIMOTE POSTBnS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in he Country, MAMMOTH POSTERS.

A SPBCIALITY. "EXAMINER." OFFICF

THE Runcorn Examine..., published Friday morn ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n imp ortant centre of industry. Fifth Warrington and MI -Cheshire Examiner. Dub L Ilahed every Saturday mxning. rr HE Earlestown and Newton Examinee, published every Friday afternoon. rr HE St. Helene Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. •

PREPAID ADVERTISEUENTS.

One chuge secures insertion of the undermentioned lielvor.

tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINE/13. WANTBDS. TO BE Min 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES, 3 And 3d for each succeeding word.

IPAU .6,IOVBRTISKIKUT. One Three Six Week Weeks Weeks N. 61. 3d. 2s. lid. OS. 9.1. Is. 10d. 3a. Od. Is Od. .. 2s. 6d. 4a. Od. Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id N. Od. Is. 6d. ... 3s. 8d 6s. Od.

45.

NVANI.I3I). Kit CHI6IIIIIIIIO ; age under 2U; Wltgell £l6 Apply enclosing a reference, to Mrs. LINK, Mayfield Burr, Lancashire.

WANTED general SERVANT, three In family, mother' help kept, no washing, wages £l5, 22, PRIORY-ROID broad Green. Liverpool.

WANTED,good GENERAL ; three in family. good wages —Apply after 5, 18,)3RERETON-AVENUE, Woolton-road. Wavertree. Liverpool.

%V ANTED. Good GENERAL SERVANT. Wages sa. to 6a. per week. —Apply POWERS, 65, Market-street, West— houghton, near Wigan.

WANTED, General Servant In a very small family, per sonal character required.-42, Downing street, near Ardwtok Green, Manchester.

NITANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT able to wash. rood home and wages.—R PITTIELD, Con! totlerter. 174, Bridgman Place, Bolton.

WA GI NTED, NNER/ILS and CURLS for Manchester; belt places ; excellent wages ; letters answered.—Min HAMMON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester.

WANTBD, strong thoroughly reliable GIRL. as General SIMVANT In small famtly.—Apply Mns GIBSON. Fretherne, Ack-lams. Bramtlall, Stockport.

GREAT demand for SERVANTS, all slaesea for :Annan"' and February. fares paid, good wages.—BorromiErn REG/BmM Morley-street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

rilllE TOWER SELECT REGISTRY OFFICE. 67, Alyear. 1. OTREE2', Liverpool; also at 88, Vicroriza-BoaD4 Nis ' Brighton, No Charge to &manta until suited,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

UNSOUND HAMS AT WARRINGTON—SMARM FINES INFLICTED. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks (presiding) and other magistrates,Charlesl Lupton, provision derler, 31, Winwick-street. was sum- moned for exposing for sale 17i hams, weighing 1801 pounds, which were unfit for human food. Mr. Browne appeared on behalf of the defendant. —lnspector Norman stated that on the 'lsth lest, between 11 and 12 o'clock in the forenoon, he visited the defendant's shop, having perceived two or three pieces of ham, which he., suspected were net in a sound condition. He lookedl at one of the pieces and also at a number of other hams which were hanging up in the shop. On Cutting soma of them open he found that they stank and were decomposed, which made them quite I unlit for human food. The deputy medical officer of health examined them and pronounced them to be unfit for food, and Mr Hayward, a magistrate, gave an order for the hams to be deatroved.—For the defence Mr Browne pointed out that 11-r Lupton bought the hams from a Liverpool gentleman, He obtained a stock of the highest class Armour's hams, three weeks a.m. Re sold some of them and he had no complaints and the re- mainder were hung in the shop. When Inspector Nor- man visited the premises the hams were not concealed, and there was no sign of unsoundness on the outside, Mr Lupton had been in busineas for twenty two years as a butcher and had had no complaints whatever previously. It was inspessble to tell whether the hams were in a bad ron-lition or not until they were cut iato.Ele submitted that therewas no guilty intention on the part of the detendant.The Act of Portia: merit provided ,that the person should have the know- ledge, or neglect to take necessary nrecautions. D— fendant never sold hams until he had cut the-n open or tested them with a skewer.—The Bench were satis- fied that the defendant was guilty and fined him £5 and costs. In coming to this decision they considered it an important fact that a portion of the meat seized was only half a ham. Defendant also admitted that he sold some of the ham at as low a rate as qi a pound and paid 57s per cwt for it. SERIOUS AFFAIR IN A BAKETIOUSE.--BAKEII SAVAGELY

ASSAULTED.

Eiward K-11y, jun., who residos at 77, Forshaw- street, appeared betore the Warrington magistrates on Monday on a charge of assaulting and baatine William Martin Allman, of Bolleston-street on the llth D-cember. —Mr Browne appeared on behalf of the complainant and the defendant was represented by Mr Steel —Toe facts of the case, as stated by complainant's aoliciter, were to the effect that Kelly was a foreman baker at Mr Stringer's bakery, Mersey-street, and Allman was employed at the same bakery. being under the orders of Belly. On luesday, the 11th of December, the men should have been at work before five o'clsck in the morning. Allman tutned up at five and the defendant arriveo later. They set to work baking, and 'Tithing except a few words passed between them until the bread was being " set in." Oae of the lemma upset on the bottom of the oven, and Kelly got the "peel " to put the loaf right. When he had done with this instrument he threw it at the complain- ant's legs, and complainant told him to mind what be was doing. Kelly seemed to be in a temper in consequence of his being late, and some altercation emsued. When complainant was attending to the bread Belly said something to him and complainant remem- bered nothing more until he found himself in Mr. Stiinger'e house, bleeding profusely. He was taken to Mr. Hill, chemist, of Academy-street. and the case was; of such a serious nature that Mr. Hill immediately sent him to the Infirmary where be was attended to by Dr Battle. Complainant was still suffering from the effects of the blows on the eye and the bick of the head, and the doctor was of opinion that he .7C OW not be able to work far a fortnight or Oren weeks.—Complainant gave evidence in support of OA statement, With regard to the assault he sail he was standing with his back to Kelly when somethine "went bang" at the back of his head and he "dropeed•" —William Pemberton Stringer stated that at 9 o'clock on the morning in question he heard a noise and on go- ing into the bakehouse found Allman lying on the floor, unciSnscious. Kelly was star ding over bin and in answer to witness he said he had struck complainant in, the eye. On examinine him he discovered that Alltnan was bleeding from a wound in the head. Be remained uncenscious for three quarters of an hour. Subsequently Kelly stated that in falling, Allman caught his head on a flag—Dr Battle state i that when the com- plainant was admitted to the Infirmary he was suffer- ing from a contused scale wound on the right side of the head, his face was injured near the right eve, and he Was also suffering from concussion of the brain. He wis In a serious state. Witnesa thought he would be ablq to return to his work in about ten days. He was of the opinion that the man was hit on the side of the face, and in falling to the floor, received the wound to the back of . his head• The blow must have been fairly severe.—Por the defence it was stated that be• cause he was late Kelly got in a bad teraper. Complain- ant annoyed the defendant by talking to him about his having been late before, and alter e-cne altercation de- fenda.at struck Allman with his left hand, on the side of the face. There was a raised flag on the bakehouse floor and complainant cut his bead with it. Defendant was veralsorry for what had occurred and had offered to pny compensation —The magistrates imposed a line of RS with the option ot a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court. FRIDAY.—Defore the Mayor (in the clalir) Councillors Smethurst and J Roberts, Dr Gornall, Messrs liepherd aria

Thornton. Wray DxsEtatox —John Magrath, Dannett-street, was summoned for deserting his wife Florence Magrath. King- street on the 171 h July.—Mr Steel appeared on behalf of the complainant and defendant was represented by Mr Fowler.— Mr Steel said the parties were married 18 years ago and had six children, five of whom were living with the complainant. On the 17th of July defendant went to'lreland under the pre- tence of going to get work. Ile stayed there a week or two and sent his wife ss. He then returned to Warrington and obtained work at Dallara Forge. He had, however, not sent his wife any money at all and in order to maintain her- self and the children she had. Inert obliged to take In lodgers. Before he went away the defendant got very heavily in debt and gave way to drunken habits and he (Mr Steel) was instructed that it was in order to avoid liability to creditors that he went to Ireland. Defendant also made drea-qui charges against his wife in which there was no truth what- ever. His wages ranged from las to EI per week and the fact of his being in the town and never going near his wife or paying her any money. constituted desertion. Complain- ant would be satisfied with 1.05 per week. —Defendant stated that he left his wife and went to Ireland by arrangement. Since he came back he had been ear,,ing lie per week. Months before they separated his wife had threatened to take his life.—The Bench found the desertion proved and made a separation order with an allowance of Eis per week. aloansor.—Before Mr.; F. Monks (in the chair), Alderman HeatOn, Councillor Smethurst, Messrs. Birchen. Hayward S. Wright, and Thornton. A NEGLIGENT CAD 4DRIVEIL—Patrick Clarke was sum- moned for leaving a horse and cab, of which he was in charge, unattended in Irlam-street on the 22nd December.—P.C. Pennington stated that on the afternoon of the date named, defendant drove a cab,leontaining Mr. Brighouse. the County Coroner, to the Police Station. He received an instrection to remain ontside the Station until Mr. Brighouse had con- ducted an inquest. in order that he might convey him back to the Central Station. When the inquest was over the Coroner came out and found the cab was outside the Police Station, but there was no driver P.C. Leonard went in search of Clarke, and found him in a public-house about twenty yaras away.—A fine of 6/i and costs was imposed. —Defendant : I've got off very well. I shall not drive the Coroner to the Police Station again. (Laughter.) FORMS DRIVING—PEDESTRIAN "NOCHE]) DOWN IN THE STRIET.—Thomas Brookes, 69i, Knutsford-road. was sum- moned for furiously driving a horse and trap in Arpley-road and Mersey-street, to the danger of passengers on the 21st Daoembar.—P.. Johnson stated that at 8.20 on the date

named he saw the defendant drive out of Arpley-road into , Mersey-street at a furious rate, He saw him knock a man named Bradshaw down and he called to him to stop. De- fendant refused and witness blew his whistle. Brookes then tried to pull up and the horse slid along the street. When he saw him (the constable) coming towards him defendant com- menced to flog the horse causing It to go at the same furious speed again. Witness ultimately saw him at the stables.— A fine of 55 and costs was inflicted. MOTHER AND SON IN THE DoCll.—William Curley wee charged with being drunk and disorderly in Peter-street on seven o'clock on Saturday evening, and was fined 5s and costs.—Bridget Curley, the mother of the last prisoner, was then charged with being found wandering in a yard off ! Bridge-street at 12-30 that mornieg without visible means of I subsistence.—P.C. Wise stated that he found the woman sleeping in an ash tub. She was very wet and cold.—The Chief Constable said that was a pitiable case. Prisoner only came out of gaol on Saturday. The last prisoner was her son, and he did not think that on the last day in the old century the Bench would send mother and sow to gaol,— Prisoner was discharged on the understanding that she went to the workhouse. A DISGRACEFUL Metoeg.—Harry Drinkwater, cab driver, 4. Allele-street ; William Patten, bus driver. Crown-street ; Joseph Healey, checker, Price-street ; and Charles Wise- man, cabdriver, 50. Knntsford-road, were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Winwick- street. on December 28th.—Mr 73 A Connor appeared on behalfiof Patten and Healev.and pleaded not guily.—Sergeant Scans said that at half-past eleven on Wednesday night he was near the Central Station, and Leard a noise at the cab- man's shelter. The four defendants were there. Drink' water and Patten were fighting, and Healey and Wiseman struck each other in the shelter. Immediately afterwards Healey came into the street. Wiseman followed him and struck him several times. All four were bleeding from the face, and with the exception of Healey hildid great their cdoiaffitcauolffty. A large crowd collected. He (witness) h in separating Wiseman from Healey. Drinkwater and Patten were then in the shelter and P C Dyson went to them.— Mr. Connor said that Patten was in the shelter when Healey went in. Patten went outside and Wiseman entered imme- diately at terwaeds. He asked Healey what right he had there, and 'Seeley replied that it had nothing to do with him. Wiseman said " You are the man who got me dismissed from Mr. Connor's, I had better take it oat of you." He took his coat off, and struck at Healey, who defended himself and they fought, When they finished they shook hands and sat down. Drinkwater came in and asked Wiseman what was the matter with him. Wiseman said that Healey had beaten him. Drinkwater thereupon said he will have to take it out of me now." and went towards Healey. Wiseman joined in. Patten then came into the shelter and said •• one man to one man." Drinkvrater set noon him, and he had to defend himself. Wiseman and his alleged grievance were responsible for the whole trouble:—Tha Chief Constable ; It was a most dirgraceful —Del endants were baund over to keep the peace for six months. Drinkwater and Wiseman were ordered to pay full costs, and Patten and Healey half costa. TUESDly.—Before Messrs Birchen (in the chair), Alderman Shaw Green and Dr Fox. THE FIRST CASE' IN THE NEW CENTURY.—A. young soldie- named Thomas Booth, from Orford Berracks, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-street, at 1.20 on Monday morning. The Chairman said that as this was the first case before the Court in the new year it would be dismissed. Police WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr Birchen (in the chair). Alder men Heaton and Monks and ir Geddes. THREE MONTHS FOR ARRIAREI MAINFEN.LNCE.—James wright was charged on a warrant with arrears under a main- tenance order, due to his wife, amounting to Eel 155.—Ann Wright, the prisoner's wife, stated that during five years the Prisoner had only paid her 105. The warrant was issued in starch but the prisoner was not apprehended until the p•-evious day.—He was committed to gaol for three months. A CONSTABLE VIOLENTLY ASSauLTED.- SCENE IN 1.111 PoLICE COURT.—Htlen Connor was charged With indeeent behaviour and with assaulting P.C. Clough on the previous evening.—The officer stated that on account of the woman's conduct he took her into custody and she became very violent. She made use of the most disgusting language. kicked him on the legs, struck him in the face, and bit him on the back of the hand. P.O Wright came to his assistance and it required their united efforts to get her to the police station.—The Chief Constable said the woman made her 55th apoearence.—The Chairman said the prisoner was evi- dently incorrigible and she would be committed to gaol for sie months.—On hearing the sentence prisoner came out with filthy language and struggled violently whilet being taken out of court. SCENE IN BUTTERMARKET-STREET-3NOTHER ASSAULT ON THE FOLICE.—RIIen Clizabeth Wright, Hall-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Butter:market- street. at 8.35 on Tuesday evening and with assaulting P.C. 31uskett—The constable gave evidence to the effect that he recalved a complaint that the prisoner was creating a distur- bance at the Kings Arms " Hotel. On proceeding there he forme the prisoner who was drunk, acting in a very die- orderly manner. He ejected her and when she got Into the street she commenced to scream at the top of her voice. He , endeavoured to persuade her to go away and she struck him ' across the face with an umbrella, with such force that the umbrella was broken. Ste also punched him in the stomach With the assistance of Thomas Daley, a 'bus driver, he • brought her to the Police Station—Ada Watson a servant at • the King's Arms, said the prisoner broke Mr. Plinston's watch chain in three places—Prisoner was fined 5s and costs for the first offence and 10s for the assault, or in default of payment 14 days' imprisonment.

Warrington County Petty Sessions. WEDNES Dia.—Before Mr John White (In the chair) and Colonel Ridgway. SMART FINE FOR TRESPISS.—Ernest Fontes, Lymm, was summoned for trespassing in search of conies on land in the occupation of James Jodrell Brook. farmer of Rixton.—Mr Brook stated that he saw the defendant with three dogs on his land on Sunday morning. There were rabbits and gams on the land. He had also suffered the loss of three sheep, one of which was worried and two others were driven into the canal. People strolled all over the land and he could do no good with them. They had to enter the land over a barbed , gate, on the front of which was a notice board.—Def endant who said he did not know he was doing any harm, was tined 209 and Cot. MINOR CASE.—Thomaa Edmo nds, newsagent, of Green- street. Warrinzton, was fined 5s LW riding a trieyc e without a light at 5.15 p.m. on December 22nd at Sankey. SUICIDAL INDIFFE.RENCE.

Whit would you think of a man who neglected his business or sat on a stool and expected business to come to him. You would say it serves him right if he faila, and so it would ; and it serves the man right who neg- Vets his health and ignores a severe and lung-tearing cough. when he koows that the inevitable result of his folly and indifference is a permanent partial disablement ot the lungs, and perhaps, what is worse, pneumonia and consumption, and an untimely and premature death. Wo desire to impress on all the readers of this paper the necessity of safeguarding in every possible way that bodily vigour and sound , health, which are so necessary to the sue• cossful pursuit of our aspirations, as well as 'to the permanent comfort and happiness of our lives. ,Ceughe and colds in the chest and throat roust be taken in band as Soon as po33ibie, and every nate must be taken until the danger is got rid of. Lavan's Lung Linctus is a safe and certain remedy for throat and chest affections; it is good to take, and prompt to effect its purpose, and is, indeed, the most reliable cough mix- ture in the market. Lavan's Lung Linctus may be had from all Chemists Drug Stores, and Co-ops, and post free la. I.FI, 2s. 9d. ani 43. fa from th 3 proprietors, Green and Co. Chemists, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, It .10 , 4 -4..

===== 0002601_19010104_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRIRGTON.

--- Bold-Street Wesleyan Church —Annual Tea I Meeting. I In connection with this place of worship the annual congregational tea meeting and conversazione was held on Tuesiay evening. After tea the chair ' was taken by the Rev T Bishop. Miss Bodle of Lon- don, opened the first part of the programme by an , effective interpretation of "Children Asleep." which I was followed by a part-song by the choir. A well- executed pianoforte solo by Miss Pigot was also ' , acknowledged, that lady responding to an encore. ' : .11. W II Ireland's solo was well rendered, as was i also Mrs Williams' item. The secretary (Mr J Lin- ; gard) stated that the number of the scholars on the ' books was upwards of 300, with an attendance in . the morning of ICO and 199 in the afternoon. The number of teachers and officers was 39, and the committee desire to place on record their thanks to _ those workers who had so regularly and conscien- -1 tionsly laboured in the school. Thanks were lespecially due to Mr 'Nicholson (the superinten- dent) and the other officers. The report contained references to the Sunday school anniversary, the library, the band of hope, the missionary society of J, the Wesley Guild,concluding by asking for workers in the school. The second part of the programme was commenced by the instrumental quartette com- posed of Messrs Forster, Clare, Pearson and Parkin- son, Mr W H Ireland pleasingly rendered the solo "Mary," and "Sands of Time;' was well sung by Mr Wallington, Another pleasing item was a cornet solo, "Star of Bethlehem," by Ur Ford. Miss &die was well received in the recitation "The Curtin," responding to an encore by reciting "The Goblins." „

HOCKRY. If one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport, that firm is Georg, U. Hussey A Co of London, who are leading the way again with their latest Improved' Demon Driver" Hockey Clubs which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer to G. U. B. and Co.'s Special Hockey List. If not procuraMe apply to 36 it .36, Queen Victoria-street, or 213, Regent-street, London. Factories :—Peakham, London, and Ulu:Lowell, Suffolk. A Wt. (1)

Secretaries of Football Club, are requested te note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday mornings or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTFIhRN UNION. LANCASWRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington Finish_ the Century with

a Win.

Warrington recorded anoth3r v;ctory over Rochdale Hornets on Saturday, at the Athletic Grounds, Roch- dale, and thus completed the Century's engagements satisfactorily. The game was a very close one, and 'victory only accrued to Warrington by the small margin of one point. Both sides were without several regular players, Warrington having to find substitutea for Fish, Isherwood, Mereweather, Taylor, Morrisoo, and Duck- worth. The weather was fine, and a crowd of about 5,000 people witnessed the maacti. Heavy rain during the week had made the turf very se% and good football was almost an impossibility. A poor game was the natural result. Mr. F. Kennedy, of Broughton, was the referee, and had charge of the following teanis : Warrington : Hallam, full-back ; Ratcliff3, Hocken- hall, Dickenson aud Harris, threa-quarter4; Burgess and Scott, half-backs; Boardman, Schoitzi, Eden, Fairhurst, Swift, Jolley, Pemberton and Pennington. forwards. Rochdale Hornets : Rigg, full-back; Richardson, Roe- buck, Field and Wightman, three-quarters ; Mason and Grindred, ha f-backs •, Trembath. Langhorn, Coop3r, Greenhalgh, Howarth, Berrill, Kershaw, Jardine, for- wards. Tne Hornets started the gains and midfield play followed.Warrington heeled out well,and Burgess dodged through, passing to llocksnhall who sent slightly for- ward to Ratcliffe when the latter had a clear run in. Two minutes later, more really excellent cimbinatioa by the Warrington halves and centres gave Harris a , chance at tha opposite corner and he was all but over when Field grabbed birn by the jersey. A fine forward rush by the Hornets carried play into the Warrington half, and Burgess being penalised Field kicked a good goal. This might easily have been the winning point, but the Warrington men made another effort while they were still fresh. Burgess and llockenhall opened the game out and Ratcliffe took the ball on the run. When challenged by Rigg he deftly punted over the full back's bead, followed up and scored a really clever try. The • same player tried to augment but the heavy ball fell Ishort of the goal. Up to half-time play was of a uninter- esting character and neither side could claim any

advantage. The second half opened badly for Warrington, Scott injuring his leg early on and having to be carried off the field. Eden came out of the pack and Warrington went In for strictly defensive tactics. The Hornets kept pegging away on the Warrington quarter line, but their efforts wore so poor that the visitors' defence was seldom seriously taxed. Field had several shots at goal which failed, while his play at centre to Wightman was awful. The latter nearly pulled the match out of the fire by speedy following up, for he beat llallarn in the race, but the ball rolled dead. Towards the close War- *ington worked their way to the home half and Ratcliffe made a smart effort, losing the ball when be had the line at his mercy. There was no further scoring and Warrington retired winners by a try (three points) to a goals (two points.)

Runcorn v. Leigh.

Over 3,000 people assembled at Irwell Lane, on Saturday, when the above teams met. The perform- ances of previous years merited the anticipation of a capital game, and though Runcorn can claim to be superior Leigh have often upset their finest calculations by securing a winning point. Another fact that con- tributes to the success of the meeting is that Leigh have in their ranks two or three players who owe their sucess as exponents of" rugger " to the happy accident" they were born " red tails." The preliminaries over, the teams lined out as follows :—Leigh : Towers, back; Ganby, Davies, Johnson, Knight, three-quarters ; Dun- bavin and Pearson, halves; Rarnsdale, Boardman.Sefton, Clarke, Kirk, Durr, W Roberts and Becleston, forwards. Runcorn : Houghton. back; D Jones, Warder, El Jones and Wilkinson, three-quarters ; Jolley and Richardson, halves ; Farmer, Walker, Gayter, Hughes, Woods, Lir•htfoot, Tomlinson, and Dixon, forwards. Facing the declining sun, on a heavy and some- what slippery ground, Boardman commenced the game, and earned a position in the top corner. Following up keenly Houghton was tackled, but found relief by pass- ing out to Jolley. who very cleverly cleared. Warder receivingi from Richardson set Di Jones on the move, and much ground was gained. Knight saved with promptitude. Racing away, the home forwards made several dashes for the Leigh line. Leigh's defence was too good to be trifled with, however. Jolley had an abortive shie at goal. Boardman was replied to by Houghton, and Ganby mulling the ball got neatly col- lared. The move brought out a perfect opening for D. Jones, but at the critical moment his usual resourceful- ness failed him. Leigh returned play, and then the game lagged through too much kicking and marking being resorted to. Later, Houghton put his side on the aggressive. Further advantage came through Richard- son and Jones, and shortly after a penalty gave Jolley a second shot at the uprights which he again missed. Richardson getting clear gave Warder a chance, which Davies nullified by sending dead. Leigh were then subjected to a very fierce attack, Davies, Ganby and Towers playing splen- didly. A fine kicking display between both sets of backs • followed. Then LS v,h reached Houghton's charge, but made a short stay however,for Jolley proved successful, and aided manfully by Richardson. fairly eclipsed Dun- bavin and Pearson in the matter of making openings for his backs. Walker splendidly tackled Towers, and young Woods was responsible for a good run. An infringement b 7 Leigh in front of their own posts gave Jolley a third opportunity at goal,and this time he opered the scoring. Later S Walker experienced his usual luck, and secured a "try" the referee would not allow. The chew had been broken however, and the game had got but fairly on again when D Jones ran in a clinking try. Jolley con

===== 0002601_19010104_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINEB, FRID AY, JANUARY 4. 1901.

vetted, and at half time Runcarn led by 2 goals one try to nil. That Farmer re-started, and Runcorn 'secured an ad- ditional eight paints, would, perhaps, beJt describe the second half. For a'.; time 3 a most uninteresting spectacle was presented to the onlookers. Just fancy, 30 first- class Northern Union Rugbyites, most of whom never played " association " in their lives, all trying to "6 dribble "in different directions at the same time. P r- baps it was funny, but it certainly was not Rugby. Leigh seemed to realise they were beaten, and set them- selves out to " stop-scoring." A feat they accomplished as far as their own "total" was concerned. Passing was conspicuous by its absence, and bright interludes were few and far between. Towers had to send dead repeat- edly and Davies proved a useful defender time andagain. Warder threw an almost certain try away by throwing forward when on the line. Jolley then scored a dashing try, and landed a goal ; whilst D Jones also secured a further try. In the end, Leigh were well-beaten by : Runcorn 3 goals, 3 tries, 15 points; Leigh, nil. Oldham v. Broughton Rangers._

Despite many praiseworthy efforts by the Rangers they failed to score at Oldham, whilst the home fifteen secured a goal and a couple of tries, and so won com- fortably by eight points to nil. Salford v. Swinton.

An exceedingly hard tussle took place between these prominent North ,:ountry clubs, at Salford. Ooly a try was scored, and this fell to Swinton, who well des3rved their victory.

Millon, v. Wigan,

In this fixture, at Milloin. the home selection ' were much the superior team, and a victory by three goals and two tries to nil awaited them.

Barrow v. Stockport.

At rrow, the local fifteen were seen to great advan- tage. They had a substantial lead at the change ,ovar, and ultimately won by ninetPenp)inrs to eight.

:Widnes V. St. Helens.

The " Sainti " gave their opponents a goo I game, at Widnes, but were unable to score. Oa the °the? band Widnes obtained a goal and two tries and won.

Hammond had a kick charged. and Dickenson dribbled direct to the home goal line. From short sharp passing Harris raa in at the corner, Taylor failing at the diffi- cult place. Following the drop out Hockenhall tricked his opposing three-quarter well, and a passing move- ment between Fairhurst and I,herwood landed Warring- ton close to the home posts. Hammond failed to clear and from a long punt by Hallam, Wallace failed to clear. A penalty against Bate eased the locals a little, bat the next moment Harris was seen making a bold though futile effort to get through. Wilkinson led the home for wards to the quarter flag, and eventu- ally Bowater punted to Hallam, who was as safe as the proverbial bank. A flee run by Hallam was applauded to the echo. Free kicks fell to each side, and eventually Berm got clear, but he received little support, and Bate led the visitors past the half way flag* Strong forward work was witnessed, the ad- vantage resting with Warrington, but the home eight eventually got going, and a fine dribble by Barker saw that player score, but Wallace failed at the goal. Pass- ing between Burgess, Dickenson, Isherwood and Harris landed the game dangerously near the Manningham goal. Hammond kicked well, but Fairhurst returned to , the attack. Splendid passing by the Manningham backs saw O'Donald kick to Hallam, who was grassed before he could respond. A moment later the visiting backs got going, and centre was reached. Wilson passed well out,but Isherwood upset calculations when he accounted , for Hammond, and a moment later the visiting captain got clear, and, serving Harris, this player romped in. The remainder of the game was even. and Warrington won by four goals six tries (24- points, Manrcingtiam,one try three points.) Runcorn v Birkenhead Wanderers.

The Wanderers of Birkenhead,the leaders ofithe Second Division, visited Runcorn on New Year's day and gave the champions of Lancashire and Cheshire a good game. Unfortunately the attendance was not up to the average and the receipts will not cover expense. Each club had their best possible team out and lined up as follow. Birkenhead : W. Harris, goal; Lewis, Dillon, Edmunds and Llewellyn, three-quarter hacks; Ringwall and Hella well, half-hacks; Pook, Griffiths, Dutton, Davis, Glover, Finlan, Clayton and Dodd, forwards. Runcorn: Houghton, back ; D. Jones, Warder, Wilkinson and H. Jones, three-quarter backs ; Jolley and Richardson, half-backs ; Farmer, Walker, Lighfoot, Dixon. Woods, Gayter, Reece and Langley, forwards. The ground was in a very wet and heavy condition, but 'Runcorn started in very lively fashion and the Birken- head defence was severely tested. Some smart passing among the three-quartars nearly led to a score, but the tackling was equal to the emergency. Then Jolley dashed over from a scrummage, a splendid individual effort, but he failed to augment the point. Play continued in the visitors quarters, and a bout of quick passing, the ball passing through half-a- donen hands ended in D Jones scoring at the corner, but Jolley's place kicking was again at fault, and no goal resulted. After some exchange kicking, Runcorn again pressed, and passing between Jolley, Richardson, and Bert Jones, ended in the latter cleverly crossing the line, and Jolley kicked a goal. Ends were exchanged with Runcorn eleven points ahead. On re-starting, Runcorn at once assumed the offensive and smart paesing between Jolley, Richardson, Lightfoot, and liWalker, enabled the latter to score, Jolley missing the goal. The Birkenhead men were fielding well and playing with spirit, and for a time they kept the home men at bay. Then a capital bout of passing gave D Jones an opening which he promptly accepted, but Jolley's aim for goal ' was again fruitless. Birkenhead reached Runcorn quar- ters, end a back intercepting a pass cleverly, handed to Ringwall who scored a good try. The goal kick was a failure. Infused with fresh energy by this success, Birkenhead made strenuous efforts to repeat the per- formance, but were clearly outclassed, and without playing to he top of their form Runcorn'again attacked, and Jolley dropped a beautiful goal. Final result : Runcorn, 2 goals, 5 tries (19 points) ; Bitlcenhead Wan- derers, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19010104_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Leeds v. Leeds Parish Church.

The meeting at Leeds between these neighbouring clubs evok-d considPrable interest, and was productive of a capitally bught game. Somewhat early in the contest Crompton got behind for the Church and Bray- shaw negetiated the goal. This was the extent of the scoring up to the interval, bu: towards the close Lum- ley scored for Leeds, who lost by a try to a goal and a try. Bra ford V. Wakefield.

Nearly 10,000 people witnessed a keen struggle be- tween these fifteens at Bradford. Nothing tangible accrued to either side until the second half. when Wright and Murgatroyd scored trks, the last-named also dropping a goal for Bradford, who won by eight points to nil-

===== 0002601_19010104_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Halifax v. Hull.

Playing at home, Halifax gained the victory bye goal and three tries ta nil. Rigg opened the scoring in the initial iseriod, and afterwards he and Nicholls in- creased the score.

Castleford V. Br;ghouse Rangers.

Townend kicked a goal for Castleford, upon whose ground the game was decided, ani afterwards Elepton- stall added a try, which Ward rnajorised. Ffartley re- sponded for the Rangers, who were finally beaten by seven points to three. Batley v. Huddersfield.

These teams were admirablY balanced, at Baffin, and a most exciting game enstvd. Almoot until the last it was doubttul as to which side would gain the victory, which however rested with Batley bç a goal to nil. Bramley v. Hunslet.

Bramley, playing upon their Own ground, reall7 won this game in the opening period, during which they scored one goal and three tries. flunslet afterwards gained a try, and suffered defeat by eight points. Liversedge v. Manningham.

At Liversedge these clubs were ass—oclated in a very Close game. A goal proved the only score of the match, and this was kinked by Manningham.

Hull Kingston Rovers v. Holbeck.

A keen struggle resulted from this engsgement at Hui and the Rlvers ia tae end proved vlecJriodni by five points to nil.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
'A" TEAMS COMPETITION. --- Warrington V. Rochdale Hornets.

-- - After Warrington's disappointing exhibitions of late,it was not anticipated even by their most ardent sup. porters that the encounter with the Rochdale second string would result in victory. As it was, Warrington suffered defeat to the extent of thirtenn points to three. About 1,500 spectators assembled on the Wilderspool en- closure to witness the engagement, which in a short time, resolved itself into a burlesque. War- rington opened hostilities and the visitors at once pressed. A scrimmage took place near the line and the Hornets were granted a free kick, the attempt at goal failing. From a rush the visitors scored under the posts, the try not being improved upon. The Rochdale men continued to have matters all their Own way and half time arrived with the score :—Rochdale two goals, two tries (ten points), Warrington, nil. On , Resuming, Warrington were granted a free kick, Knight falling at goal. The homesters pressed and Antrobus got over. Finalaßicledale thirteen points, Warrington three points.

OTHER MATCHES. Warrington swamp Manningham. This friendly match was played at Manniagham On New Year's Day. Never has the superiority of Lanca- shire football over that of Yorkshire been more truly emphasized than during the course of the present season, for the victory of Lancashire over the Tykes in the county engagement at Rochdale has been followed by a Icing sequence of decisive club victories. The War- ringtoaiana succeeded in starting the new year well by thoroughly routiog the burly Tykes to the tune of 24 points to three. The visitors had their best available team, Fish being the only notable absentee, and Man- ' ningham also were well represented only,Needham being absent. There would be 5,000 present when the game was stated, and after the usual preliminaries the visitors got near Manningham's goal-line, and short sharp passing saw Isherwood score in the first minute. This was followed by another hot attack, and a splendid round of passing between the half-back and three-quarters cul- minated in Elockenhall racing in behind the posts, for 'lsherwood to place a goal. The home forwards applied themselves steadily to the task of beating back their opponents, and by SUCCESSIVe bursts,in which Wilkinson Donaldson, and Cockerham were prominent, they re- moved the scene of hostilities to the near vicinity of the Warrington goal line. They had to concede ground before the more combined efforts of the Warringtonians, who,by a bout of pretty passing, again pressed. Barker came away at the head of a forward relief movement, and then Leo initiated passing in which Moon and Hammond gained ground, and Be water pluckily endeavoured to get farther than • few yards into the visitors' half. Lee made a dash for the line when the home pack had again done well, but he was held out. Then, from a kick out by Greenwood, the ball weric among both sets of for- wards, and the neat scrimmage was followed by fine passing and a repass of Bate, Burgess Liherwood, and Harris, the home team being obliged et) give way to their ?.5. The home halves got the ball out smartly,and ground was gained, but the visit die were too strong in the succeeding play to be resisted, and from a pass by Taylor the ball was touched down for a try by Dicken- son, although this player was keenly tack:el on the line. Isherwood had an easy task in adding another goal. Play was taken to the home half,where Hammond was prompt ly held when he sought to get away. Burgess had to re- tire hurt,and during his absence, the home pack, led by Cockerharn, Barker, and Wilkinson went oh grandly to the Warrington line. Again the retaliating play was profitable, and from a magnificent run and pass by Hallam, near centre, Hockenhall had a clear run in, and a second try was gained by the wing man. Isherwood added a goal. When half time arrived the home side were at a disadvantage of three goals and four tries (18 points) to nil. Dickenson returned the re-start, and Hallam was promptly in evidence with a ponderous punt, which negatived a fine kick by Bowater. Dickenson dribbled through, and matters again looked bad for the Tykes until Wallace cleared, and premature work by Eden cost Warrington at least thirty yards. Hookenhall made a capital effort to get through, Lee just nailing him a:', the Centre flag. Burgess got clear, and looked certain to get in, when he was foully tripped. The visitors continued to make headway, and Pemberton, Eden. and Cunningham were foremost in brilliant work, which endangered the home goal. There is Security in I A fen Awe en the. tooth,:sash every MOTTallIg

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A Society. This society's meeting on Sunday afternoon suffered In attendance owing to continuous rain. Mr. A. Downes presided and wished his hearers a "Happy and Pros- perous New Year." He proceeded to speak upon the advantages of cheerfulness, which should not only be noticeable at the Christmas season but throughout the year.—Mr. J. Richardson, of Manchester, gave a typical example of rescue work carried on in a boy's home at Manchester. Miss Taylor was the soloist and very sweetly sang two solos entitled "I am coming" and "For ever with the Lord." Mr. F. Hickman presided at the organ. The service was also taken part in by Mr. C. Cotton and Mr. William Bessvick. ELECTRIC LIGHT.—SEE WILLIAMS' CHRISTMAS PRESENTS fur Necklets, muffs, fancy Lured Handker- chiefs, silk blouse,, gloves. tsa to. Sea windows in San- key-street and Legh-street. with the new light.—Advt.

Tug quick return of children to a robust and vigorous growth after taking Scott's Emulsion is one of the best demonstrations of the nourishing and curative properties of this standard remedy. There are countless numbers of children who do not thrive

in growth. Some are delicate at birth, while others begin their troubles with teething, and do not ever seem to be really well. They are susceptible to coughs and colds, and show many symptoms of a lack of vitality. Every mother knows whether her own child is strong and vigorous and laying the foundation for future health, or whether it is weak and delicate and in no condition to stand some severe strain to which any sudden change in the weather would subject the system. In all of these cases where children need real and lasting resistive force there is no remedy in the world as effectual as the genuine Scott's Emulsion. This preparation is a specific for threat and lungs, and it enriches the blood, promotes the making of healthy flesh and brings vigour and strength to the systens,without taxing the organs of digestion. One of the first results from taking Scott's Emulsion is an improved appetite, and as the treatment is con- tinued you can see your child responding with vigour to the new rich blood that goes coursing through its veins. Scott's Emulsion is a special form of cod-liver oil perfectly blended with hypophosphites of lime and soda, anti glycerine. There is no remedy

Scott's Emulsion cured the Cough and gave him Strength.

ozo Road, Holloway, N.', April 11th, 1899. -My dear-Sird.—Tily little boy had influenza, which left him with a severe cough. _my doctor advised giving him cod-liver oil. I therefore tried your Scott's Emulsion, and found it so beneficial that I have continued it, besides which he likes it so well toliat he asks for it. He has put on a lot of flesh, entirely lost the cough, and has now quite a nice colour. Trusting that others have and will find it as 'beneficial as I have,

Yours faithfully, (Signed) LOU/SA KELL?:

like it, and no other form of cod-liver oil can be so confidently depended upon to produce the results which are desired. Sweet to the taste and of benefit to digestion, Scott's Emulsion as readily absorbed into the blood and Is *easily assimilated. Children are quickly nourished back to health by Sect's Emulsion, when all other remedies have done them no good, 1. which fact certainly suggests that it ( is better to try the genuine Scott's Emulsion at the outset, and thus ob- tain a remedy upon which you know you can rely. When children are teething. Scott's Emulsion corrects digestion, soothes the nerves and is TRADE MARK. of great assistance in overcoming the distress usually attending this period. At any age of growth and, in fact, in adult cases as well, Scott's Emulsion is most useful in soothing the throat and lungs and bringing vitality to the entire system. You can' always distinguish Scott's EMUISiOn from inferior remedies by our trade mark. A sample of Scott's Emulsion will be sint to any ad- dress in Great Britain, upon receipt of threepence in stamps to cover postage, and by mentioning this paper. Applications for Bab:vies should be addressed to Scott and Bowne, Limited, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E,C,

,',7,-------- ------7,-- - , ~.........„ ip------ ip ,4/ ...-*--\,-,,,.,..,,..... --,,,-;\ ',„-- .. , -- , -••' , . ' 1 '‘,4l=—"-- • s -""A /". 1 N:,f • ~,..~1) ' w•"-"__.......jr. fi ----.AP ‘` • „....4.-- [ -........ , i. AreM4OP - 4 _ ... , Q:‘ -...,.. et ~ .; ,i, NI • , • 5 *a "I' . 1..., ,e--,, • -•-• ~, t? :, y ~, ~,...-, 4 • •;,,I ". , .t • 55 ''' A . • "`C... 1 le * \ r \ \ \ t 1)) 1 t ‘4 roil I RUSSELL KELLY. (From a Photograph.) 24, Oard,...- ::_____, _ _ _ ~

, L.,..Ac , .'„;- 1 ;,..dit_ ,j,,, it" k, li, i. , ~ L,, ~.... _ 41.47.,%:"" e

===== 0002601_19010104_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RTER'S

Ithsolutely cure Sick Headache, I Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Indi- gestion. Constipation, Dizziness, Ptdred Tong-ue, They Touch the Liver. be inn they are pAzzu.

wITTLE IVER Small Bmafl Smali

===== 0002601_19010104_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
"..7 l' •

SOZODONT

Will Sweeten the Breath all day. and make all the difference be- tween—

good Teeth and Bad Teeth. NFM;(....; Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Pretty Teeth and 'Ugly Teeth COroplete in Toilet Tooth Powder.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
AS TO MOVING ABOUT--

" If I moved about much," said Lizzie Dickinson, " I could hardly get my breath." Now if she had been a typewriter or a seamstress this wouldn't have been so bad, as—save in acute asthma— the breathing goes on fairly well if one can only keep quiet. But:Miss Dickinsln was in service, and how in I Mercy's name was she to keep quiet and at the same time keep her Waco ? Ne ; it is upstairs, downstairs, and in my lady's chamber; early to rise and late to bed ,and a perfect raffle of work between whiles. That's how it is.

So we see that she just had to "move about much." although she was really and truly not able to do it. The end was that she apt so ill that threo years 37,0 —at this date.—she was obliged to drop everything and leave her situation:

In her own little 'aceount of her trouble, written about the let of D ic,mber, 1399, the young girl says she had a dry cough that shook her whole body, and a fearful sharp pain in her right side. Her tough was of the kind that frightens young people—and naturally ; these coughs sound so like consumption, and there is plenty of that in dlar old England.

"My appetite," she says, " was about gone. I stood in the greatest need of nourishment, yet when I looked at my meals, or even thought of them, I turned away with a strange feeling of dislike and disgust. " Going on this way, and trying to do Illy work, I got so miserable and weak I didn't know what was to be- come of me. sometimes I felt so wretched and nervous that I lay down On tn sof t and cried like a heart- broken child. " The doctors tried to help me, and of course I wanted ttiem to succeed. d me for over four months, and I saw several others afterwards ; but I kept getting worse in spite of all they could do. " Finally, I commmoel to f tiny I WAS doomed to die, seeing that no good came of the medicines I had used— and thero were so many of them. Who it was that wanted me to try Mother Stigel's Syrup is of no conse- quence to you, evcr: if could remember. Somebody did, however,aud, as I could think of nothing else to do, I did try it. Tao first few dosos made me feel better. I could eat a trifle, and no pain after it. Then my meals began to taste go: d, aol I got etrength out of them. It wasn't long before tin pain want a way,and my breath- ing was much more natural and easy. and I could move about and turn my hand to a bit of work. "In this manner it was that I went ...n improving, and when I had taken four small bottles, of Mother Seigel's Syrup I was quite myself a,glin,and went back to service." A common friend whosaw Miss Dickinson recently, at Askley,near Tetbury, Glos., reports that she is in fine health, and has plenty of colour. Lang may she remain well and happy.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Stockton Heath "A" v. Timperley "A."

At Warriagton oh Saturday. Timperley hail rather a weak team, and the Heathens played four first team men. The first half was very even, Stockton Heath having slightly the best of matters, but were unable to penetrate the defence. On crossing over Timperley altered their positions slightly, and gave the home team a very warm time of it, Wilkinson scoring with a grand shot, the goalkeeper having no chance. Stockton Heath drew level with a doubtful goal, but, not to be denied, the visitors were continually in the circle, and Smith gave them the lead from a scrimmage; Result :—Tinl- - " A," two goals ; Stockton Heath " A," one.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

===== 0002601_19010104_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Established 1884.

- FODEN'S HORSE AND CATTLE FOOD.

Mr. J. Carter Bell, A.R.S.M., &c., Analyst to the County of Chester, reports : " I have analysed a sample of Messrs. Thomas Foden and Co.'s Horse and Cattle Food and I find it to be of excellent feeding quality, a splendid tonic, and free from any adulteration." (Signed) J. CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M., &c. THOMAS FODEN & CO., Cumberland Street, MANCHESTER:

30s. per Cwt., Carriage Paid.

THE IRON AND STEEL TRADE IN 1900.

The hematite pig iron trade of the North-west of England has been very busily employed throughout the year ; indeed, the demand has been more steadily main- tained and prices have been better upheld than pro). ably during any year in the trade's. history. The year opened under very promising conditions. Prices were at 73s 31 per ton net cash, there was plenty of demand and good prospects, prices were comparatively high and were likely to advance, and the output was well main— tained, with 47 furnances in blast, compared with 40 at the corresponding time in the previous year. Much I satisfaction was felt at the beginnine of the yeer that stocks, which had stood at over 300,000 tons, had bees reduced to 198,847 tons; By the middle of January prices had advanced to 74s per ton, while in the third week in January they were at 77s 41, and at the end of the month at 753 614. During the month stocks had been further reduced by 15,677 tons. The demand was well maintained throughout February, and as the end of that month prices had advanced to 773 311, while makers' iron was as high as 80e. The output of iron was reduced in March, four furnaces being blown out. This was owing to scarcity in the supply of iron Ore from native mines and the dearness of coke, The con- sequence of this shrinkage in output was that stocks . were reduced to 133, 158 tone. In April prices went up with a rush to 863 op in the middle of the month, makers' quotations ranging-from 86s to 905.. The posi- tion of the trade was strengthened during this month by a further reduction in stocks to 116,766 tons. May, found makers very largely sold forward, with prices i varying from 85s to 873 61 per ton n the early days and 80s lid at the close of the month, the furnaces in blast being 45, and the decrease in stocks having been made to the extent of 104,092 tons since the beginning of the year. A stiffer tone was displayed during June, and at the end of the month warrant sellers were at 85e per ton, stocks having further dwindled down to 61,411 tons, Prices averaged about 83s ad durins July, and stocks were brought down to 58,243 tons, while in August orices were at 83i and stocks further reduced to 55,060 tons. September showed a much easier tone, and warrants came down to 793 61 net cash, stocks to 42,529 tons, and 41 fur- naces only were in blast. In the middle of October warrant iron was 75: 101, and at the end of the month at 763 41. At the latter time 40 furnaces were in blast. In November, owing to a strike at the Asaam works, two furnaces were blown out, and from that time to the end of the year only 37 furnaces were in blast, and of these two were engaged in manufacturing spiegeleisen. This reduction, in make naturally led to further reductions in warrant stocks. They have been depleted since the beginning of the year by no use than 473,984 tons, and the stocks now held represent 23,863 tons only. But during November and December there has been a falling off in the hematite market, owing, on the one hand, to the smaller requirements of consumers who are ens,,agel in the steel trade, aid owing , to the gravity of the situation caused by the

dearness and the scarcity of coal. Many smelters found the position robbed them of nearly all their profits. lerice3 gradually eased down from November uo to the last week, when warrant iron was quoted at 661 100, net cash sellers, 663 'lid buyers, and makers quoted 70S. ta 723 6d per ton. Although, however, fewer furnaces have been in blaet during the year than during 1899, it is not certain but that the output of pig iron will be equally large, as more tonnage is being produced by the furnaces, under heavier blast, and many of the furnaces having been increased in capacity. Several furnaces on the west coast now preduce 1,000 tons of pig iron per week. It may be roughly estimated that the pro- duce of west; coast furnaces this year will total up to 2,000,000 tens. The native iron ore trade has been very active. The demand has been full and steady thronshout. indeed, , the requirements of local and other smelters—for a con- siderable tonnage of native ore is carried by rail and sea to Sheffield, the Midlands, South Wales, Scotland, and elsewhere—could not b 3 met, and it is safe to say Met at any rate 45 per cent of tee ore smelted on the west coast during the year has been drawn from ' Spanish and other foreign mines. Native iron ore has ruled at from 153 per ton in January to 17a per toa in December, net at mines for good average sorts, while Robio ores have ranged from 163 61 to 193 per ton, and are now at 183 delivered at west coast ports. A vey fine and highly marketable type of iron is produced from native iron ores and Spanish ores mixed. Active search has been made during the year for new encl 3 of native ore,and in several cases good pockets of metal have been discovered There are evidences, however, of a falling off in the iron ore mining industry, unless some very important finds are made soon. The steel trade haswhh beenthe pt exception yfiuolhly employed through- out the year, it of the months of November and December, and the probability is the there would have been uninterrupted activity through- out the year had it not been fee the prejudicial influence exerted on the trade by high-ericed coal. The extra cost of this item led to the naaiutenance of high prices for plates, rails, and other classes of produce too long, , until in fact, the ring of Wed makers found themselves suddenly brought f ice to face with American competi- tion. Almost before they were aware of it, American makers had booked large orders for rails, plates &a., at much below British combination prices. The year opened with rails at £7 and with plates at ZS. By June prices had gone up to £7 73 61 for rails and £8 7‘i 61 for plates, boiler plates being at £9 153. In September rails were down at £7 55 and pieties at £8 ss, and in ()etcher they were again lower at £7 for rails and £8 for pieties, Teen in November prices reached £6 103 for heavy rails and £6 17s 61 for plates. Since then new beeinees has beia scarce, and th 3 mills have been in- differently employed. During tha year there has been much activity in hoop, billets, tin bars, slabs, merchant steel, and heavy steel ceetings, and orders are still well held for hoop 3, billete, and merchant steel. There are geed prosele,ts for the steel trade in the spring of next ?Tar.

1

===== 0002601_19010104_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e .

===== 0002601_19010104_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_19010104_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

DEQEMBER. F1:031 WARRIN4I2O3

Acton Bril2e-7M, 7 40, 8 23, 10 20, 12 10, 15, 2 55 5 20, 5 35,7 23. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altur and Hillhodse -7 15 8 35, all 2.1 25, a 3 22.a4 0, d 6 15, 47 15 a 9 25. Sundays 931.2 5,8 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 53 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15.25, 520.720 1134. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, 45, 11 35 Mondays excepted. bNiondivs only Birmingham ffidland)--6 51. 9 51, 11 55, 12 55, 3 7, 522 55.11 52. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 420.5 15 p.m Blackburn -5 45. 13 35, 9 53. 11. 53, 2 10, 4 50,6 23,8 50. Sundays 843. a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42, 12 25, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, 28, 717, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton- 8 '5, 9 25, 10 43, 1214, 1 15, 332. 428, 6 43 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m..5 15. 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 50. 1225, 210. 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 3 35,9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 16, 422.5 7,6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,1 1 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 835, 10 10,127. 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 33,7 8, 740, 925, 1030. Sundays 843. 60. Crewe-a2 58,53 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20. 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 15 4 5,11 35. aldondays excepted. sMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. n 25, 2 23, 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 1.0 14 Sundays 44, a.m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 48, 953, 1155. 12 55. 37, 4 17 22, 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.:n Barlestow n-5 45, 75, 85,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 13,10 20,10 55 127, 12 25 1. 15,2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, 5 20.° 33,7 9 7 40,9 25, 955. 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 04 pan Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25. 9 43. 11 53.1 55. 3 20 515,6 17, 80. 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 95 10 23. 12 25, 2 30, 3 15. 4 23, 57. 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lineal-7 5, 7 07. 831,9 5. 10 512 0 15, 210, 40 529 75, 8 le, 59 40, dlO 25.11 39 Sundays S, 9b5, 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturd iys only. Saturdays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57 11 50,12 25.2 10,4 509 55 B.indays 957 Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 10 55, 1.4 25, 1 15, 3 53, 5 30 7 14 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 757. 831., 95, a 9 30, 105. 120, 15, 2 10,4 0.5 29 6 15.7 15,8 0,9 25,59 40, alo 25. Sunday 9 0,9 31 11 22.2 39, 918. aSaturdays (July bSaturlays except Irlam and Cadishead (Centrall-7 0,7 55, 8 2, 7 10,9 15 Sundays 845. 1014. 3 15.5 15. 9 35. Latchford-Froxn Arpley Statiou-6 20, 7 22. 8 0. 8 35, 9 0 958, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 18, a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-3 sa, 51. 5 25. 75, 85, 8 35 925,10 55,1.2 7,12 25,2,35 3.405 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28. 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 109 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17,8 0, 9 S. Suad aye 95. 240, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95. 10 26, 120, 113, 210, 221, 3 37, 40. 64, 810, 911, 945, 10 20 1.1 20 11 39. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 0, 9 55,11 22,2 80,2 39, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London aL. & N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23, 7 10, 828. 9 45,10 20, 1157, 15,2 U, 5 20, 6 22,11 34. Lundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, Mondays excepted. aktondays only. London (slidland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a. 5 22. 55, 511 52. 9uudays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays Only. bblondays accepted. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36. 1 14, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 745. 927 Sundays 8 50. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. 3c N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 85. 8 25, 8 35, 919, 10 4J,10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15.2 23,3 32, 4 26. 5 32, 6 43, 717, 8 8,9 20. 10 3). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 343 5 15, 60. 7 57 From ltigh Level PLattorm. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57. 832 90, 9 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 33, 411. 613. 78, 927, 11 40. Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 . ,Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55,: 92,9 55 10 55 1123,11 55, 1255, 155,2 55, 3 55, 4 55,5,22 5 55. 6 55, ' 710,1 55, 813, 8 55,9 15, 955, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 3014 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 659 25 9 35. 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 20, 2 55, 5 35.7 20. Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows- 53 10, 5 45,7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20 1 j 40, 10 5512 25. 1 15,2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 se. 520, 643 717 9 20, 9 55, 10 30. Sundays 843 a m 3 35, 515, 60,7 57, 9 54a via Kenycn bMondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23, 1220, 1. 40,3 55 6 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 7 44, 5 15, 935 Preston-5 29. 5 45. 8 35. 9 55, 11 59, 12 25, 2 10, 350 4 50, 628 7 17, 850. 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945. 109. 1.55, 320, 5 15, 6 17. 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58, 4 0, 5 29,6 15, 75. 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40510 25, Sundays 90, 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 10 aSaturdays excepted sSaturdays only, eMoodays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-3 46 10 55 55, 255.3 14,4 7. 6 55. Sundays 937 ain 515, St Helens- 7 5, 85, 8 35. 11 .0, 10 55. 11 53, 12 7 1225. 2 35 3 40. 520, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays 8 35.8 43,6 0,9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 1.1. 2, 125 3 22,5 6, 6 15,7 15,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5. 855. aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 39,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, .3 38, 411, 518, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-?56, 95 155, 11 5, 120, 15, 2 10. 2 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 75,5 10, 925. a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 239, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. sSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 515,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 95,240,80. . Wigan- 520.5 45,7 5,3 35,9 56,10 55.1.1 50,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 2 59, 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 628.7 17.8 50, 9 40,9 51 Suudays, 8 43, 335. 6 O. 9 64.

TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge-6 30. 7 40, 852, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35. 4 45, 720 3 3J Sundays 7 55, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse -1126, 12 43, 2 45. 7 18, 8 24, 9 57, Einndays 9 20, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmingham (L. AN. W.)-3 10,550 7208 10, 12 25. 2 335 a 4 405 50,7 25. Sundays 310. 1240, 70. aThursdays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 742, 850 11 48. 125 2 45, 545,6 §0,1034 11 19. Sunday 4 15, am 40. 11 19 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 48.12 30,1 55, 347, 750 Sundays, 80, a 2 2. 5 40, a 913. a via Preston Blackpool (Talbot Road) -8 5. 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40, 3 15, 5 2.3 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 5 12. Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.9 10,10 0,11 25, 1 5,2 55, • 50, a 8 15. Sundays 710. 115,4 87,825. a leaves at 9on Saturdays Bolton-5 55, 640 7 65, 835, 9 10, 10 25. 15, 2 15. 415 6 10,6 55, 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a Saturdays only Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22. 5 55, 8 42:5unday 125 a.m.. 20, 8 41,aMon wg excepted. Chester-7 25.8 45, 940, 10 12, 10 50, 11 40, 1 55. 2 10, 3 0 350.5 10,5 15, 6 35, 7 35,8100 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,6 55 Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24. 11 23. 12. 38 1 38, 2 10, 35, 4, 1. 5 38, 6 23. 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 Ica.m. 7 15,13. m. Crewe-4 45, 60,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 33, 2 25. 3 5 415 45 640, 85. 90. Sundays 485. 7 10, 245 4 10.9 21 Daresbury-8 16. 1017. 11 27, 2 52. 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 7 21,a.111. 7 45 P.m. Derby- 8 12, 9 35,' 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 75 8 7, 935, Sundays 335. 7 30, 6 22, 655. a liacept Mondays. Earlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20, 9 45. 10 26, 11 26 1 42 12 EA 1 42, 13. 314. 5 15, 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 920, alo 36 all o.Sundays 8 33,9 62,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a Saturday only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 945, 12 3. 29. 327 5 4.6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 02,2 57. 82. Irodsham-7 65 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 536, 857,831 Sundays 6 56,11. m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-75352.. 6 723 80; 7. 0.9504 1 101348unlay0s. 12 662 11' 32` 4 49. 56. 5 810, 910, 40, 3 9,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. gataspgiio O. 2 0,2 1. 5 55. Sundays 5 50. 95. (xolborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2.41, 4se 30 715 9 9 10 42 Sundays 9 40, 7 5. Green-7 45. 8 15. 99. 103. 1055. 1.9 1302 22 67,7 ll 738 915 Su 3 1418o,ubgh3 , ° 21' 'lda" 823, 9 29;3 2230 4 55.9 4, 910. Warn snit 59Ca6di5s3he8ado(C. elf ora.l) -7 35 9 53, 6 6. 8 60, 1 Sundays „ Latchford-8 14. 840 9 29,102 11, 16, 1 20. al 45. 213 3 ~4 22. 85 41. 67, 6 49. 7 49, 9 42 1127. Sundays 8 23, 2 33,7 23. aSaturdays only. b6atsurda33 se3x, 8 o excepted. Liverpool (via Barlestown)-a2 .5 6 0 . •8 35.9 25 11 0.11 50,1 5. 1 30, 30, 450, 5 35,7 5. 8 25, il 15. Sunday 7 30, 9 20. 830, ailondays only. 6Saturdays only. Via Widnes (L. NW.)-6 25,8 20, 95. 9 50, 12 30, 125 2 35,335 4 20, 5 20, 6 5.8 30, alo 45, Sunda7s 135, 2 1 0.7 15 10.45. aSaturdays only Liverpool (Cheshire Line9)-5.20, 710, 7 40,8 20, 8 31, 8 40 930 935 10 30,11 15,11 20, 11 30. 11 50 12 30. 1 0. 1 30 1 33 1 55' 2 30, 2 40 3 60 1 30, 4 65 5 30,5 36, 6 35,7 30, 8 30. 8 58. 9 30,11 30 Sunays 7160, 90,230,250 420 630, 830,8 35, 9 40 London (L N W)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 13,2 15 4 15, 12 °Sundays 100, 830, 120. London(Midland)-5 15, 90, 10 5,12 10. 2 0 4 0,5 0, 6 45, 9 .15 120. Sundays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 3 32, 9 20, 9 54, 11 8, 11.1, al 37, 25, 250 4 14,65 35,519,6 41, 7 41, 9 33,11 19. Sundays 8 15,2 25 7 15 aSaturdays o ly. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N...W.)-7 45, 85, 8 30. 915 9 40 10 45 12 10,1 5, 1 35, 2 40, 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 7 5, 8,0, 9 20, 10 40 Sundays. 8 0, 8 30, .90. 60, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. Manchester (London-road)-7 25.750,9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1 stl 20. 3 40, 65 5, 520, 65, 75, 855. 10 45 Sundays 730 140, 630 bsaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Mancheste (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 933 9 38, 1030, 10 35, 11 30,12 30, 12 50 1 3), 2 30, 330, 430, 4 48.6 30, 6 30, 6 38, 730 830, 835.10 0. 110. Sundays 95, 930. lo 00. 1 40, 2 0.6 5.8 35 8 20, 9 40,a Saturdays only Iliddlewich-6 48,2 39, 66. Moore-6 56.9 6, 11 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 56 19ewton-6 55,7 25. 842, 98,9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8. 12 33,1.3 4 at 0 1 68, 37, 4 7,4 61, 5 10, 535 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 0, 915 9 55.11 4.a11 47, Sundays 8 33, 9 49,10 0. 3 43,7 5 aSaturdays only. l'adgate 7 8, 7 48, 8 25, 90. 15 6, 1 14, 25. 5 18 73, 9 10 11 32. Sundays 853, 1119, 2 32,9 12. 1013. - Preston 29,5 60, 90, 130 ,10 10 11 15, 11 23,1 23. 3,4 47, 6 28, 8 33, 9 45, 10 46. Sundays 29, 835. 30, 610. 10 25 aMondays exempted. Runeora 839,9 19 10 15, 12 30, 125, 32, 4 40 541 623 8 109 53. Bankey-8 53. 758. 831, 9 37, 10 20, 11 24,12 35, 1 43 2 43, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21,6 31, 6 22, 7 13, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 8 37 108, 3 37, 5 7, 9 28. Bhalom-8 25, 11 5, 1 65, 56,7 0, a 20. sundays,B 10 6 10. aSaturdays only. St Helens-6 23 65. RO. 8 23. 9 0,10 5, 11 10, 11 23, 12 6 1 25 1 55,2 50. 4 30,5 25,6 10,8 55, 725. xi 50 10 33,9uuctay 7 50, 9 35,6 55,9 5. Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10.12 25. 25, 2 33, 3 55. 70, 8 5 9 Si 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10.8 33, 925. 958, 1112. 115,1 41, 29 2 55 4, 22, 5 37, 6 3 645,7 45. 9,37, 11 23. Sunday 8 19, 229 7 19. WRllles, (Cheshire Ltne)-8 20, 9 25, 10 10, it 12,12 25 1 25, 230 3 24. 4 25,5 IE, 6 12, 716 7 58, 923 alt 40, Sun- days 8 30,3 30, 5 0, 9 10,9 20,a Saturdays only. Widnes ( L N 1V)- 75 8 56, 933, 10 33, 11 55, 12 57, 3 23. 3 58, 455. 5 55. 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 3.7 54, 11 2. Wigan-2 39,6 33, 8 15, 926, 9 56. 10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 105 2 30 327 425 4.56 5 20,6 5, 75, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 239 39 42 53, 11 13.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_19010104_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
F`-. r

The adeed, a con- I and tland,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
have at, 183 highly re iron s been sad in Dvered le iron t finds rough- ithg of is the'

rough- finence e extra prices o long, nselves nerioan &a., at 13 year v June 3 7a 61 tember and in 28 for 103 for len new eon in been erchant MI well ere are

===== 0002601_19010104_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
• POSTAL INFORMATION

===== 0002601_19010104_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIV ING HOITSE, LEE CLE

RECEIVING HOUSE-

_ Earlestown

SU/I-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne LoW ton Stubstmw CrOBS Winwiek.. *Wargrave

WELL BMA— 'aCrow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton it Mary's Station) I Bolton Road. Ashton. Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) reels are despatched fr( own at 9 a.m. and 6 p.n me as letters.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERINS

llngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northism- ber!and, and Lincolnshire ' Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Present. Wigan, Orme- kirk Wi & Earlestow n London. Foreign, and the South ADdland Counties St South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ten-le-Willows, St. Helens, and __Chester

Manchester _ _ _

London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, flastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W )(Aston, Stockton Heath and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S-, Ettat g3r n Counties

Lancashire,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCING, BOOKBINDING,

LITHOGRAPHY, Ir'&C.,

Executed with

PROM P 'NESS AND DESPATCH.

TRY

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra I. Stamp

===== 0002601_19010104_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LO-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SUB-OFFICES, AND W tLL :ABED AR FOLLOW'S: • .

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. ..and 6-20 p.m.

6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *Mae are Telegraph 0//ices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, IQ 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.30 am. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 6-30 a.m.

a the Receiving Office at Harle ; from all Sub-Offices at the sa

93 FOLLOWS:— i To I Callers. I 13 Postmen. , 7-0 a.m.

7-0 aan• 10-30 10-45 ,

} 11-30 , .

1.11-4 b } 12-0

11-30 a.m.

12-15 p.-r .

2-15 , 1 3-15 ~

{ 3-15 a.m.

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8-30 9-15 „ I

===== 0002601_19010104_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m. 9-55 a.m. Nil.

I 110-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BRI. 10-15 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
JILE EANSFOR

Ptammes.mimmoni

===== 0002601_19010104_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
EARTH'S DEE PEST HOLES.

In the days when people really thought it was possible to dig a hole through the earth to Australia, there used to be much speculatioa over what would become of a man who happened to fall into the hole:; would he stop falling after a while and begin to fall up to the other side of the earth, or would gravity ken him oscillating , like a pendulum slowly coming to rest? Now nonsensi- cal as this ma; seem, we are actually approaching a con- dition when a somewhat similar qeestion must he asked Several holei have been due deep enough into the earth to encounter physical conditions very different from those usually found on the surface. Some of these holes are in the form of wells which are a mile deep. Others extend even farther into salt beds and still others are mines which men work at a level as deep s s that of the wells. And in the ocean bed there are holes so deep that if the highest mountains in the world were to be dropped iota them there would still be plenty of room for ships to sail safely over their summits. At Paruschowilz, near Reihnik, in &stern Silesia, there is a well which is now 6,700 feet deep, or exactly 100 feet more than a miie and a quarter. Tney are atilt boring, and it is the intention to go down 8,800 feet, or one and two-thirds miles, when some interesting scientific experiments will be made. Unquestionably this is now the deepest artificial hole in the world. At the bottom of that five-mile pit in the ocean which yawns between the Kermadecs and tbe Friendly Islands the temperature stays always near the freezing pnint of water. There are many of these deep ocean holes in which the temperature is very low. And while the lack of heat is induced by the water and its pressure, it yet bears a certain relation to the condition of deep holes in the continents when the general effect on the earth's crust is considered. For when the theory of the earth's internal heat is look id at superficially it would seem that these deep sea pits should be very hot and full of boiling water, since they are nearer to the centre of the earth teen any other point. But in this matter of temperature there is much to be said concerning the conducting properties of the rock in which the holes are sunk. Also, it must be noted at what depth below sea level each hole starts. As wells all get hotter and hotter as they are driven deeper and deeper, the outcome suggested is, that as soon as a sufficient depth, Is reached, natural steam will be encountered, or if the well be dry, water can be Pumped in and returned in the form of marketable steam. There is nothing chimerical in this idea, since many buildings in several parts of the world are heated with naturally warm well-water. The hospital at Gre- nelle and large factories in Wurtemberg are notable examples. Also the geyser shows bow heat from the earth's interior may manifest itself forcibly on the sur- face. Hence temperature messurements are being made in all of the wells as they are drilled. The heat increases on the average about one degree for every 60 feet of depth. _ _ _ _ _ .

Th method of taking these temperatures is simple. Self-registering thermometers were placed in iron buc- kets 3 feet long and 3 inches in diameter. A bucket hold- ing thermometers was hung on the end of a steel wire and let down into the hole 260 feet,when another bucket was tied on and the lowering was continued. Measurements were thus made at various depths. it was tedious work, and when the lower depths were reached it required nearly an hour to get the buckets back to the surface once the measurements had been made. On the way down in the Pittsburg well,natural gas was encountered, tapped and used for a time to drive the machinery that worked the drills. In this instance the well furnished power to dig itself out. The heat increases more rapidly as the hole gets deeper. But these wells were all bored in what might be called ' the normal crust of the earth, where the strata lie in situ. Had they been dug in Wyoming, in the Geyser Basin, for instance, it is probable that steam or very hot water would have been eccountered not many feet below the surface, for after all, the geyser is one of nature's deepest holes, since it connects in one way or another with the internal heat of the earth and, therefore, we have a sort of indication of how an artificial deep hole might act if once it were driven down far enough to form a vent for the heat of the earth. On the other hand, had one of the wells been driven down under Michigan, through the copper beds, it is probable that even 10,000 feet would not beget a temperature too hot for breathing purposes, lot alone the production of steam. This must appear strange in view of the fact that the region is full of copper-bearing rock, anti therefore ought to conduct heat readily. Nevertheless, it is a fact that these rocks do not conduct the heat, for the, proximity of the waters of Lake Superior has a cooling effect on the copper mines, Low temperatures are characteristic of all the suba- queous deep holes. Beside the chasms in the ocean bed the holes in the land are as pin punctures, for more than hill of the whole sea floor lies two miles below the surface of the water. One eighth of this latter area is depressed below three miles. This eighth. itself is 7,000.000 square geographical miles in extent, and con- tains areas, or, rather, basins. These almost unfathoin. able holes in the ocean bottom occur only in three places or, at least, only three soundings of five miles or more have been made. There may be ethers, of course, even deeper, which have, as yet remained undiscovered. The deepest ef these holes exists in the South Pacific, to the east of the Kermadecs. It is 5155 fathoms deep, or 530 feet more than five geographical miles. The sounding that went to its bottom represents the farthest reach of human-kind toward the centre of the earth. Yet deep as the " Aldrich " is, in spite of the fact that Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world, if dropped into the hole, would sink out of sight in the ocean, that little pinnacle called Sunday Island, stand- ing squarely in this five-mile hole, is able to rear its head 2,000 feet above the surface of the sea. Incidentally this conveys a vivid idea of the contrast nature is able to make in the matter of high hills and deep holes. And that introduces us, naturally enough, to the subj,L•ct of our next article. " Science Siftings."

Another Fatal Fall at Warrington.

An inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Richard Wicherley, sixty years of age, who resided at 10. Back Stamford-street, was conducted at Oa Police Station on Monday evening by the County Coroner (Mr S Brighouse). From the evi- dence it appeared that at 7 o'clock on the evening of Christmas Day the'deceased went to the house of his son,who lives at al, West-street to see his wife who was ill in bed. He went upstairs and the son went out of the house. On returning at 9 o'clock he heard a noise on the stairs, as if someone was following. He at once went to the foot of the stairs and found the deceased lying there. Dr. Adams was sum- moned an,i attended to the deceased injuries and on the following day he was removed to the Infirmary where he died on the 2.0-1 amember, trotn the effects of a fractured spine. Previous to going to the Infirmary deceased told his son that he was leaving the bedroom when he missed his footing on the landing and fell downstairs. Deceased was very short sighted—The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death."

===== 0002601_19010104_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FIRST TEAM.

---- FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pts Sept. For Agst 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow , home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 2 Leigh home Z 3 Oct. ' 6 Salford away 0 27 13 Runcorn home 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.LAß.T.Cupo.)away 7 20 10 Broughton Hangers home 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 2 84 Stockport home 5 0 Dec. - •_ _

•—_ .... 1- Warrington 4waY 7 10 15 Swinton home 2 37 22 Mlllorn away 0 0 29 St. Helene home 8 0 1901. Jan.

home 5 Oldham 12 Broughton Rangere away 19 Barrow away 26 MIRom home Neb. 2 Leigh away 9 S. Helens away 16 13,chdale Hornets home 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Btockport away 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

ET, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

_ FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1960. Pts. Dept. For. Agst. 1 Broughton R home 5 3 8 Rochdale 11. home 10 3 16 Warrington away 0 0 22 Runcorn! borne 0 11 29 Wigan . home 16 0 Oct. 6 Stockport home 3 0 13 Oldham away 0 22 27 Alillom . home 2 4 Noy. 3 Wigan(S.W.L.,4l3.T. Cup Comp.jhome 7 0 10 Wigan away 8 8 17 Salford home 2 13 24 Warrington home 0 7 Dec. 1 Stockport away 0 5 15 Oldham borne 5 18 22 Broughton It away 0 20 24 Warrington (S,W.L.AB,T. C. Ci.) away 6 6 26 Leigh away 0 17 29 Widnes away 0 8 1911. Jan. 1 Huddersfield ......h0me 11 3 6 Barrow away 12 Leigh home 19winton S_ home _--

26 Rochdale H. away Feb. 2 Salford away 9 Widnes 16 Runcorn away 23 Millom away Mar. 16 Swinton April. 8 Barrow borne

===== 0002601_19010104_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19010104_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
1110

An undoubted specific for Headache, Liver Chill. Influenza, Rheumatiem,Clostiveness,Piles, Bad Breath, Anternia, Indigestion. Dizziness, Buzzing in the Head. Fulness after Eating, Lack of Ambition, Debility, Scrofula, Eczema, Female Ailments, Pimples, Ulcers, ad all Liver and Kidney Ailments.

Obtainable of ell Chemists, or Post Free from THE BILE BEAN MANUFACT URING CO, 119 and 120, London Wall, London, TLC., on receipt of price is lid, and 25 9d large box, containing three times small size ; three large boxes 75 6d, or 51x for 14s.

FR Ell SAMPLE. —The Proprietors have so much faith in the efficacy of their remedy t hat they are willing to forward a free sample to anyone sending their name and address to the London (Mks, the only con- dition being that a penny stamp Is enclosed to pay packing and postage. and the name of this paper mentioned.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SNE

11NUM,CA

PILLS, 6 ITS:, EVlL.,4l\is BILIOUS DERANGEMENT). i EWES LEA PER 1414 ."

KAYS. TIC PILLS CURE FACEACHE CHEthiIACCIA",

•0. REFUSE SUBSTITUTE3--.6vi SOLO ECI ALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRI TAIN THE GOLOIIIEi'

ATHARTICUM INDIGESTION 6 I' HE • ACRE

===== 0002601_19010104_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
- k, Nothing steadies the nerves 0 1 a ot a and clears the brain lik2 a or strong cup of SYMINGTOT'S Edinburgh Coffee Essnace In 0, bottles from all Grocers. 82 o CPA 2.9 W11—Q.52999J19 9Q 2 992 9_ THE NEW FRENCH REINIEDY. THERAPION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, t lotches, pains and swell. Ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the t lack. rheu- matism, gout, exiematcon,slceplessness,nervous and physics ability, etc. Therapion is prepared In three dir erent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 taccording to dlseasss for vst-,ch inten Full particulars send stumped adireasej eaveioda pamphlet to F. F. JOHNSON,Er BOL FORD-SQVARE, L0N903,. .0.

MEM=

===== 0002601_19010104_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WORTH A GLP A BOX.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Pic • ... " 4 "A 4t v• 4', • .., „tat, . - t. .1111 0,4 , • '0 • "g• nNosAa.

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Hentgacha, Canstipation, Wind,

35geltion.

Disordered Liver & Fergivie Anments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECITAM, St. tielens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. .Sold everywhere. .

000i.00004.104W-Q4M.tzz.Nx,:aUMX.' • FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, 3 " and all SPOnTIKI iciEQUESITES may In obtalned of i 0 l CO .. AVIA`• res WET'. 4aciA741.31(2&..-,,,,,A.4.1,T,6--,-P,k ' ,-i _.

•• • 4. 0@d0;

The Che;

- Best, and Most Liberal House in the Trade.

SPECIAL

.PS. . liar. Cr

14, r.oomr,ow, 20:410.

Y CORIUM ALL IRMIGLIT4RITIES, Jt orsrAncnoNs, anti relieve lite distreesin2 -s so Prt7alent with the sex. Boxes.l/1& 2r3 (coy; ren times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO ‘k*L.L.,.. Alsaufseturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Prtrafa and a

MANLY 'MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every MSI3, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY.

Specimens of letters received, aud gvaranteed genui '• I cannot find words to express nw ..080,..in lam. I used to think I never would gas cure 1. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.td." I nave carri ,d out your Instructions, and am now per fectly well.-7.F." Book sent sealed, post free. for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, tireat Russell Street, Londors, W.C. Send at ont and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Success

-AiVIiG

FEhNYROL S: STEEL Es YA ,T.ow•L uS rEm ft IL 11; . imaawma. or"..t —• _

===== 0002601_19010104_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
SYMINGTON'S

EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small r..nd large bottles. from all Grocers. 10e

===== 0002601_19010104_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S

CLIARANTEED PURE.

. WORK• _._ • n . ) s; ;..;-;•,„.w--4,4 ,44,,,a,..__ •,, 40.' vitv-,-- _

.. can get a NTCKttL- PLA WATCH, also a CHAIN sad CHARM for selllng 14 dozen packages of BLUINE at Fivepence each. Send your full address, including name or County, \ by return mail, and we will forward the Bluine, post paid, and a large premium list. Na money • required. BLUINE Co. (Department F 1) 241, Gipsy Road. West Norwood. London, BA.

- FREE SAPIPLE CASE „ CONTAINING LOAref i-vutrw UREAl3.PAcnrrs or MANHU vtmEA-r. eArazy RICE 6 TAPIOCA .w ,4"• , i 7 f , ft, . ' • .A", t WOE**. HEALTH' diti- 'i, MARY SENT oN . . ;zip '-'• ..,*•1; POSTAGE ti 4, -,;-,.',. ~ ~..c- yriktptic,"' pro eg . t •::. .:: 17Aftyq, :t (10-4- ,e, 4, VALIXIIA!..L.PIW, . -. -Tio.i'll-,... •

===== 0002601_19010104_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Boys and Girls "` TEDWATCI

===== 0002601_19010104_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Wise men make proverbs for fools to follow. A DIAN is known by the photographs he keeps. Tun average man thinks he is above the average. NATIIIIAL TO Asa.—" They say he is a natural born genius." "Who supports him? ' A NAN is as old as he feels ; a woman as old as she tells. A CYNIC is a man who will laugh at anything so long as it isn't humorous. 14 LIKE CASE. —A : "I don't mind the influenza itseli—it's the after-effect I'm afraid of." B: The after-effect is what ails me. I'm dodging the doctor for two guineas at the present time. "WHAT was Nero's great crime?" asked the teacher of a history class. "He played the fiddle," replied Sammy Wiffies. MAN (to angler): "Have you caught anything, gudnor ?" Angler: "Of course not l I'm not a fisherman; I'm an angler." JACK (tenderly, to the little brother of his adored one) : "Would you like to know a secret, Tommy ? " Tommy: "Should think I would." sack: "Well, I'm in love with your sister." Tommy: "Oh, that's no secret. The family has talked about it every day since Aunt Emma promised Nell that she'd bring about an introduc- tion."

BRIDE (throwing her arms about the bridegroom's neck) : "You are my prisoner for life." Bride- groom: "It's not imprisonment for life, love; it's capital punishment.' A BRoAD HlNT.—Visitor : "Is Miss Rose at home?" Servant : "No, sir." Visitor: " Why, she has just come in! I saw her." Servant : l° Yes, sir; and she saw you, too." San: "You ought to be ashamed of yourself, John, for shooting such a dear little bird." He: "1 thoeght you would like it for your hat."—She: "Oh, what a Food idea I That was very thoughtful of you, John. ' HUSBAND: "It seems to me that you eorne to my office a good deal more than there is any necessity for." Wife: "I cannot help it dear; your manners in the office are so much nicer than they are at home, that I like to enjoy the contrast." " WHy did you break off your engagement with Miss Bertha?" "Because her parrot was always saying, Stop that, George !" "But what differ- ence did that make? Your engagement was not a secret." "But my name is not George." PROVED.—" No, said Mr. Rockwell, as he wiped his glasses, "I'm afraid John's college education isn't going to do him much good after all." "Why, William," his anxious wife cried, "what makes you say that?" "He admitted in the shop yesterday that there were still a few things I knew more about than he did." UNCLE EDEN'S PIIILOSoPHY.—" Dar am' no good o' being backward in die life," said Uncle Eben. 6' De parrot ain't a very smaht bird, but it manages purty comfortable jes' by gittin' on de perch an' hollerin' de little bit it knows." IN DAYS OF OLD.—The official bulletin of the War Department read as fellows: "A dispatch has just been rec6ved from C:esar. He says, Veni, vidi, vici.'" The Roman people were plainly annoyed. "Why in Tartarus doesn't he send particulars?" they asked in one voice. AN UNLOOKED-FOR TlFF.—She : "Did you say they had a tiff and the engagement was broken off?" He: "Yes, but the tiff came after it was broken off. In fact, she was it—the plain-tiff in the action for breach of promise." Mns. BUMMER : "Has your husband any pet names for you f " Mrs. Slimmer: "Oh, yes I" Mrs. Blimmer "What are they?" Mrs. Slim- mer : "Um—to tell the truth, the names he calls me when he is in a pet are hardly of the kind that I care to repeat." LANDLADY: "Well, I must do something to keep the wolf from the door." Boarder: "I don't know that it is altogether necessary. Let him come in and partake of one of your breakfasts, and I don't think he'll trouble you again." A TEACHER asked a little boy to spell "respon- sibility," which he did. "Now, Tommy, said the teacher, "can you tell me the meaning of that big word?" " Yis, mum," answered Tommy. "If I had only four buttons on my trousers, and two came off, all the responsibility would hang on the other two." GROWN-UP WOMEN.—" Clara," said the mother of a litle five-year-old miss, who was entertaining a couple of neighbouring girls of her own age, "why don't you play something instead of sitting still and looking miserable ? " "Why, mamma, we is playing'," was the reply; " we's playin' that we's growed-up woman." HAD To TELL SOME ONE.—" If you'd been half an hour later," she said, "I don't know what I should have done." "What's happened ? " he asked. "Why. Mrs. Gadding, next door, has been in here with such an extraordinary tale, which she made me promise I would never breathe to a living soul, that it has seemed as if I positively couldn't wait for you to come home to tell you about It."

HE AGREED.—" Much time that might be better employed," said the advocate of spelling reform, "is taken up in the writing of foolish and unneces- sary latter." "It is indeed," was the earnest comment of the young man who had a breach of promise suit hanging over his future like a damp and dismal cloud. AFTER THAT.—A well • known university pro- fessor was lecturing to some students on hygiene some time ago, when one of the class—from the provinces—asked him how he—the student— could safeguard himself in drinking London water. The professor rather startled him by replying— " First boil it, then filter it, and, after that-- drink beer." WHY Hz GRUMBLED. "About the funniest guest we ever had," said a hotel clerk, was a solemn-looking man who came in late one night and went to his room. An hour later he rushed back into the office as mad as a hornet. "After some time he quieted down enough to tell his troubles. "• I came here,' he declared, 'to com- mit suicide by turning on the gas, and you put me in a room lighted by electricity " HE (after a quarrel, much affected) : "And do —do you really mean that we must part, Maud ? She (still more affected): "I do—do, George."— He: "Never to—to meet again? "—She: Nev. never to meet again I "—He: But—but suppose we should inset again by accident ?"—She " I—l never thought of tha-that. It is just pos-possible. You—you know where I gen-generally take a wa- walk on Sun-day evenings ? "—He: "I do. Goo- good-bye, darling I "—She: "Goo-good-bye for— ever, Ge-George I" SUITING BOTH PARTIE.9.—Poor Wife (to husband, whose loud snoring keeps her awake): "Charlie, Charlie, do stop snoring. Turn over on your aide." (Nudges him). Husband, only half awake, grunts, turns on his side, and continues to snore. Wife has a happy idea. Remembers a line from an article called "How to Prevent Snoring." Gives her husband a second nudge, which elicits another grunt. "Oh, Charlie, if you'd keep your mouth shut you'd be all right." Charlie (semi-conscious): "So would you." MARRIAGE A LOTTERY. —He looked happy enough as he walked up to the post-office box, set a huge bundle on the floor, and began taking pretty square envelopes therefrom, dropping them by two and threes in the box. " Big lot of letters," remarked the policeman. " Nice day, too." " Letters !" said the happy man. "My dear fel- low, these are not letters ; they are wedding invi— tations." A stern look came over the face of the hitherto friendly policeman. "My friend," he said, "I am sorry to disturb you, but I must do my duty. Come with me." "Arrested ?" " Yes." "On what charge? This is an outrage." " Nob at all. You are advertising a lottery through the post. BETTING ON' A CERTAINTY.—A lieutenant was shooting on the rifle range, and he " called " each shot as he fired, without waiting for the markers to signal the result. "You're a pretty good guesser," said the colonel. "Why don't you admit you're guessing where those shots land?" "I'll bet you a box of cigars," said the junior officer, ::that I can call twenty shots in succession." Taken,, said the old warrior. The lieutenant

"Miss," he announced, and a red flag from the target told that this was correct. Another shot. "Miss," he declared. A third shot. "Miss again," he said. Fourth shot. "Fourth miss," he announced. Another shot. "Miss," again sang out the lieutenant. "Hold on there I" put in the colonel. "What are you trying to do? I thought you were going to fire at the target." "I'm trying to win my box of cigars," said the lieutenant. "Don't fire any more," said the colonel. "They're yours." Lococsra Puustosiro WAFERE—More cures of Bronchi- tie VOICE. CHEST, COUGH AND THROAT COMPLAINTS.—From Mr Earle, M.P.S., 22, Market-p'ace.Hull.—' Your wafers are invaluable for the voice, throat, chest. All sufferers irons bronchitis, hacking cough, and deprivation of rest should take them." In asthma, consumption, bronchitis. comths, colds, rheumatism, and all hysterical and nervous complaints Instant relieLanct a rapid cure is given by the Wafers,which :taste pleasantly. Sold by all druggists at is I ic1,23 9d. Is 6d • And li, per box.—Advt. 2. FOR A PRIGET FIRE. Lightning Fire-Lighters, Id Per Packet.—WlLLlA.st BESWICY. Buttertuarket.st.—Advt. MUSS VBIIDIIII Suites arid Coal Vases in large variety.—J. a. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street.—Adsd.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19010104_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
I

V

I

I

I

Vi 1 '', ' 'o .iv , ' / y,

q." flict,7;

I

....,...•.. 1 ~,. ~,.;:: 1,.t.-.,4-.y...,.:;.,:...!,.:::•,...:.....:. f..,,,,, ~,..,,,.7.4.,-.;.:.,.?„-..-i,....-. .5....,...4.,..::.,..,.;.:,:...,•:,::.:. 'i',...''...:...1.,..',...,":-''.'..-.....,,-'..-...

===== 0002601_19010104_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
" HOME " AGAIN.

The charms of " Home " g,s with us, wherever duty or pleasure calls, whether in peaceful occupations, or in the strrn necessities of war. How intensely precious must " Rome" be to those who are retnrning from the struggles and hardships endured in South Africa. Think of the sick and wounded invalided" Home," to the care of mother, wife, or friends, who are only too anxious to have their dear ones with them again, to nurse them back into a new life of perfect health and strength. At such a time, the great recuperative Tonic is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It gives power to the weak limbs, it steadies the nerves, brightens the eye, infuses new hope' and builds up the system anew. Many patients that have been sufforing from Enteric and other wasting diseases, simply rcquire to be systematically treated with a tonic restorative. A complete rest and a reviving tonic, is all they require. In Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, this will be found in its highest perfec- tion. The Best Remedy for Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Impure Blood, Chest Diseases, and Influenza.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T LOSE TIME.

People are continually wondering where to go for some new remedy, when they feel " Out of sorts," " Not up to the mark," or "only Middling." We say "Don't go," come and get the well-tried and proved Remedy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do you suffer from Indigestion? Do you feel " Tired "at your work ? If so, take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters and you will soon be right again. Chronic sufferers are sometimes averse to be , always changing their medicine, and rightly so, but it does happen at times that a change would lead to a better state of thing. For instance, if you are suffering from extreme weakness, and are gradually making up your mind to a prolonged illness, you are making a eriat mistake if you have not tried Gwilim Evans' Quinine Bitters. Will you try it ? Don't lose time. It is the best remedy for General Debility, Low Spirits, and Nervousness. Its tonic qualities infuse new life, and you soon see the sunny side of nature again, and cheerful content comes with a gradual gain of strength. For Chest Affections, and to guard off Influenza, try this excellent vegetable tonic restorative. Be sure that you get it, when you ask for it. Don't buy werthlesi imitations. Say you want Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and see that the name" Gwilym Evans' " Is on the label, on the stamp, and on the bott'e, without which none are genuine. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles, 2s 91 and 4s 61 each, by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be seat, carriage free, direct from .The Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, LtacellY, South Wales:

===== 0002601_19010104_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
latters to the Obttor.

_ Dr. Peacocke and the Guardians.

Sir,—On reading the account of the Warrington Board of Guardians' procedings in your issue of Satur- day last, I was surprised to find the Guardians were under the impression that my absence from the Board- room was caused by some imaginary appointment else- where. I wish to state that on the morning the Board met I had aa important business engagement. I went to inform Mr Sutton (the clerk), of the fact ; and further I made a special visit to meet Mr A J Jolley (the chairman), and explained to him the nature of my business engagement. as I felt it seas due to the chairman, that he should know why I could not be present at the meeting, and I quite expected he would have mentioned this fact to the Board. My solo object in writing this letter is that the Guar , dians and public may know,that the chairman although silent as to the cause of my absence, was aware of the important nature of my business, Yours etc., WILLIAM J. FEACOCKE. 95, Butterrnarket-street, Warrington. December 27th, 1900. The Political Arrangement re Municipal Elections.

Sir.—Many people were of the opinion that the arrangement between the Liberals and Conservatives ot Warrington not to oppose the nominees of one another for the Town Council was made ica order to avoid the necessity and trouble of an election and thereby induce the best and most capable men to give their services to the town. It is rather interesting to learn now that the whole affair is a dodge planaed to suit a certain cliqu consiating of members of both parties whose chief,if no only aim, is their own individual gain. Whichever be the real motive for such an arrangement the doing of the thing reflects little credit on the electors of Warrington. The first indicates plainly enough that Democratic government in Warrington is a failure, that the electors are intellectually and morally unfit for the duties of citizenship, that they are hopelessly incapable of distinguishing the good from the bad, the true from false. If the second be true the condition of things is made much worse—if worse be possible. By allowing such a thing it at once shows the depth of the apathy and ignor- ance of the electorate. One need not therefore wonder at socue men thinking the morale taf the Council could best be improved by a scheme of disenfranchisement. and electing the members to the Council by invitation— at all times a dangerous expedient, but perhaps neces-

sary. 1t cannot be denied that so long as mem- bers of the Council were elected by ballot, pro- gress in Warrington remained a dream, never at any time _partaking of the nature of a reality or ever likely to do so. The great drawback to the disenfranchisement idea is that any improvement can only be temporary, at the same time toeing attended with great dangets. Better far to have an intelligent and interested electorate. It only can be the basis of ' any real progress. The best men of the town while refusing to aerie the suffrage of ignoranouses will hav3 no scruples to come before men able to understand and appreciate them. The friends of Voluntary 6,3h001s never cease to pro- claim that the superiority of Voluntary over Board School is that they impart to the young a high moral and religious tone, that they create a race of men of intelligence, character and integrity, that they endow man with the basis of all that goes to the formation of a good citizen. Tney in fact profess to do all that Warrington lacks and Warrington never haa any but Voluntary schools. War- rington has been educated by Voluntary schools with a high moral and religious tone as their strong points, and both political parties have decreed that it is unfit to elect members to its Town Council. Something is very far wrong, at least that is the opin- ion of a SCOT. December 26th, 1900.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A COUGH CURE INDUSTRY.

A CHAT WITH MR. VENO. STARTLING FAC rs. HOW THE SUFFERING ARE CURED. Seeing on the walls of Manchester a larg poster set- ting forth the merit of VENO'S LIGHTNING Coma CtrEtE, the writer betook himself to the laboratory of the Veno Drug Co, for the purpose of having a peep behind the scenes. Arriving at 1.8 Devonshire-street, I was ushered into ,an office where the click of typewriters told m that this was a busy department. In a few minutes I was intro- duced to Mr Wye>, a gentleman of medium height, clean , shaved, with a clerical appearance, but active, earnest, ' and full of business. My tale told, I was then shewn the bottling and labelling department, which was a model of cleanliness. About a dczen girls with white aprons on were seated at long tables, labelling and wrapping Veno's Lightning Cough Cure and Veno's Soaweed Tonic. " Have you a large sale for the Lightning Cough Cure" I asked.

" Yes, we are sending out thousands of bottles every week. It is sold by nearly all Chemists and Co-operative Stores • Before the winter is over we expect to double the output." 'I Is it your own formula, Mr. Venn P'' . .

"Yes,! have been a student of medicine all my life. I pride myself on having the most successful Cough Cure on the market ; that accounts for the large sales. It differs very much from the common syrupy mixtures so frequently sold. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is a scientific remedy, and has received endorsement from many eminett men." " What do you recommend it for ?" “Coughs, bronchitis, asthma, and influenza. It is a splendid remedy for whooping cough in children, and seldom fails to stop an ordinary cough in one night ; it will subdue ihfluerza in 24 hours. During the epidemic of influenza which raged throughout the Northern and Eastern portion of America in 1897, Veno's Lightning cCioaungshn never re hweasistathte to rib the chief chipeffersecniecley used. Even physi- it." "Do you recommend it for consumption ? " "In the first stages. Yes; but not in the last. It con tales a preparation discovered in California by Dr W P. Gibbons, and which was found to be a specific for bronchitis and weak lungs. By curing these ailments consumption is prevented." Mr Veno then turned up a folio containing hundreds of testimonials, many of them speaking in the most flat. tering terms of the remedy. I admit, I never saw such a collection of testimonials in my life. will give you a couple of bottles of the Coorti Cure" said Mr. Venn, "take them home, and when the occasion arises, use them and speak of the remedy as von find it. Exteact from Salford Chronicle, Dec. Ist ZOO,

VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is sold by nearly all Cherniffltß and Cr-operativo Stores, or post free from VENO DRUG Co., Mar,chesrer. Price 1L 10. and 24. 91. Be sure and as for VENO LIGHTNING COUGH CURE and see ytu get it. Sold by Boots Ltd,Warrington ; Peaks, Earlestown, Newton ; Westan & Co. Ruccorn ; Wallbridge, St Miens and all chemists.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Fighting Proceeding North of Matjesfontein. Boers Said to be 5,000 Strong.

• Fighting is reported to be proceeding elghty miles north of Matjesfontein, and the B )er c)mmindos are said to number as many as five thousa., I men.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Trooper Swann. Memorial Service at Newton.

Owing to the great esteem in which Trooper Swann was held by his comrades at home a meting of members of the' C " troop of Lancashire Hussars wan held last week, at which it was decided to reenmmend the hold- ing of a memorial service and parade of the squadron on Sunday. The idea was eagerly taken up,end permission having been obtain.d from Lord Newton, notices were issued cot only to the troop, but to the other Voluntspr companies in Newton. The response was entirely sotis- factory, and the necessary arrangemen's haying, been made with the Rev. J H Ryder, vicar of Newton, the parade was decided upon. The morning opened wet and stormy, and there were gloomy forebodings, which were realized by the rain falling in a steady downpour all the morning. The muster was for 1015, and the parade at 10-30, and • about this time something like 60 hussars and a goodly number of the Volunteer com- panies of the 6th V.B.K.L R., and the let 8 L Regiment put in an appearance. The hussars were without arms, but the Volunteers wore side arms, and all marched from near the Oak Tree Hotel to St Petet'a Church, the route being lined by a large number of sympathetic sperteors, despite the chilling condition of the elements. Tee Church was uncomfortably filled,and much difficulty was experi- enced in providing seats for those wishing to be present. Most of the relatives of the deceased trooper were pr'- sent, and evinced the greatest interest in the service. The officiating minister was the Rev. James Ryder, 'and the usual:morning serviceiwas gone through, the follow- ing appropriate hymns being impressively sung, the con- gregation joining heartily :—" Thy will be done," " Holy Father in Thy mercy," " Onward, Christian Soldiers," and " The voice of God's creation found me." For his sermon the Vicar took for his text I, Corinthians. 15 chapter and part of 54 verse—" Death, is swallowed up in victory." Death he said, had gone through hell and had found no fire, and had gone through Christ and had found no resurrection. He after- wards observed that they had that morning to think of one from amongst themselves, who had been highly re- pected, nay, he might say, affeeionately loved by his fellow townsmen. One whom, he believed had said that rather than return home maimed, he would like his life taken away. He;wanted to come back perfect or not at all. ei.Whilst they thought of death, they should remem- ber that the Gospel taught them how frail they were and how near death was to every one of them. Re crieted the Apostle Paul, where he states that this life was only the beginning of a happier and better rlife, and that we only meet to part again. He asked them to think what it was that had sustained the Commander in Chief in South Africa, Lord Roberts. in these awful days, and to think of what now remained of his only son. What was it, he wked, that bad made him so cheerful through all these trying times ?

===== 0002601_19010104_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The usual fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuisday last. Mr Joseph Stokes presided, and there were also present : —Mr A R Norman. J Moa lowerpft, thl Rural District Councillors, Mr G F Ashton (clerk), and Mr W E Hough assistant clerk).

A HAPPY NEW YEAR. The Chairman, in a wry short hut choice address, wished the members of the Board a happy New Year. Toe occasion upon which they met that day was unique to them ; for besides being the first day of the year. it was the first day of the nentury. In the past, he thought the business of the Bard had been conducted harmoniously, and hoped it would continue so in the future. Ele was sorry that the Chairman (Mr J Moseley Williams) wag absent, for he could have referred more fully to a retrospect of the past year. During that time they had lost two members they all respected very much—Mr Weir. of Walton, who was the oldest member of the Board, and Mr W Pickering, of Norley. In conclusion he hoped that a feeling of love and good fellowship would continue to actuate them in the discharge of their duty to both rich and poor. LETTER PRIM SIR J. T. BRUNNER, APP. THE PURE BEER BILL The following correspondence was read by the Clerk, received in reoly to tha resolution of the Board of Guardians requesting the local memb.ra of Parliament to support Sir Cuthbert Quitter's Pure Beer Bill. Druids Cross Wavertree, Liverpool, December 20 h, I9oo.—Dear Sir.—Sir John Brunner wishes me to ac- knowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday,and to say that he thinks he oas,ht to draw your attention to the letter in yesterday's " Times " from Mr C Esteourt, analyst to the city of Manchester in which he "says that he has found arsenic in malt in quite sufficient quantity to show in the beer which is Produced from it as much arsenic as has been found in beer brewed from arsenical glucose. This discov 'Tv clearly proved that Sir Cuthbert Quilter'e Pure Beer Bill will not cure the evil, and that the whole subjct requires further careful consideration. Sr John wiatiee me to add that the real cure in his opinion is to make the brewers directly and immediately responsible for the quality of their beer, and to give the publicans complete trcedom to buy their beer whs.:re they choose, a freedom of which they are wholly depeived when the houses are tied. Yours faithfully, W. H. Young. George F. Ashton Esq. Mr H J Tollemache, w,iting on the same subject. intimated he would give his best attention to Sir C Quitter's " Pure] Beer " Bill when it came before Parlia- ment. tut must consider the question more fully before promising to vote for it. Sir Cuthbert Quitter wrote from Grosvenor-square. London, as follows :—" I have the honour to acknow- ledge receipt of the resolution you have been kind enough to forward to rue in support of the movement for better securing the purity of beer. Such evidences of public feeling are of material assistance to me and those asso- ciated with me in this matter and I beg you to be good enough to convey our thank,: to all concerned.' No discussion took place.

FINANCES. Out relief was granted to, Runcorn District, £B5 Frodsham, £2O ; Badworth, £2B.

THE TREATMENT OF AGED AND DESERVING PAUPERS. Mr R 1 Daasey, poor law inspector of the Local Government Board, referred to a circular issued by the Local Government Board which recommended for one thing that the Guardians form a special class of aged, dessrving inmates, and grant them special prisileges He had drawn the attention of the House Committee to the matter, and they had promised to consider the question in conjunction with the Master. He told them this, so they would not be suprised when a report was submitted.—The circular also recommended the Guardians to grant out-relief to aged deserving poor which, should be adequate in amouar„ That was, when I they found some very deserviag aged poor, they should not confine themselves to granting out- relief to the extent of the usual her-crown • bat give them something which would make them independent of charity. (Hear, hear.) He would like 0 know what answer the Clerk could give as to the position of the Board in that matter.—Another question, too, was the suggestion of removing children out of the house. But, of course, they in Runcorn were not in a position to do more than the sending of their children to an outside school at present. The Clerk intimated he would be in a position to reply to the Local Government Board ia the matter of the question of granting out-relief to the aged deserving poor, that their payments were quite equal, if not greater, than those granted by other Boards, and that the Guardians would Rive special attention to deserving cases brought to their notice. Mr. T. Wright added he, too, c,ould answer the ques- tion for so far as several cases he had been interested in. instead of granting the usual half-crown, they had granted 4s. That was subsequent to the receipt of the circular. (Hear, hear.) Mr Dansey added that he had been " round the house," and had a good look at the children. He was Flad to see that the Board had got their excellent indue- trial trainer (Mr Roberts) back again, and could con- gratulate them upon the state of their children, who were clean and well looked arter. They would have gomething before them, on the question of nurses in their House Doctor's next report.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATr•

RitIINION or OLD TEACHERS.--41 social was held in the Wes!Ryan Sunday schoolroom the other evening, to which the elder scholars and teachers were invited. The Rev Fl G Roberts presided. Bones were given by Miss Lily Mason and Mr E L Pearce ; readin2s by Mc A Bannett and Mrs Frank Elarris ; a violin solo by Miss Londnn ; and addresses by Messrs Ward. Wright.garris, Bennett and Grange.

DELICIOUS NIAZ *MATTER TEA. DELICIOUS DIAZAWATTIEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZk VAT HS TEA SoLo AGENTS : HENRY MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLvSALR AND RETAIL GN,ICERS RTC., 5, HORSEMATMET-RTREET, WARIONGT9N. BLINDNESS. EYESIGHT ER3TORHD.- HISBA.SES OF THE EYRI OURBD without operation. &air witb full par- ticulars, free bypost on roentionincr Ws paper.— Address W.8iE1.1.011, Eye Specialist. 236,0z0rd road, Manbester.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- _

===== 0002601_19010104_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM IN ER3 FRIDAY, JANUARY 4 1901. WARRINGTON BOARD OF

GUARDIANS.

A meeting of this Board was held in tho Board Room st the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided and th,re were also present f—Mro Clay, Messrs S DaViSA. T a Ashcrot t, T B Malkin, William , Hickman, J W Knowles, William Houghton, G Pilling, A Jolley, A Brooke, T Haton, Henry Thornton,with JO Sutton (clerk), C El Ward (master), B Shearer (relieving officer), A Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools), COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.

The CnalßataN : Before we com:nenee the business of the Board I should like to wish all the Guardians and offic,rs "a happy and prosperous new year," and to ex- press the hope that during the corning century we may make greater progress in poor law administration (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOUGHTON (speaking as the oldest member of the Board) : lam sure the Board wish you (the Chairman) a very happy new year, and hope that you may live long into the present cmtury. (Hear,hear.) I THE ()HRH CM.1.3 CELEBRX cross.

Mr Wean presented a short report on the Christmas celebrations at the Workhouse and recmded the thanks of the inmates and officers for numerous gifts by local ladies and gentlemen. Ile had also to thank the editors of the town's ne.vspapers for a weekly supply of their papers and many friends, ladies and gentlemen, for gifts to the inmates during the past year. Mr WRIGHT, f•uperiaten,l9ne of Padgute Schools, re- ported that the usual treat to the children and officers was given on Christmas Day, Mr Wright acknowledged numerous gifts.

THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S ATTENDANCE AT THE WORKEIOUSE. A NEW RESOLUTION.

The Houle Committee's minutes contained the follow- -lig recommendation. :—" That the Medical Officer be ected to pay his ordinary daily visits to toe Work- house before eleven o'clock eich morning." Mr HICKS propo s d the adoption of the committee's in tes. Mr Bic° ,its seconded. _

Mr AsitcaoFr pointed out that there were only five tnemb Ars of the committee present when the resolution wao passed. He thought it was very bad taste on the part of the committee to pass suc4 a resolution so soon after the recent invesrigation. It was understood that when any important business was to he brought before the committee. that an intimation of it should be given on the notice paper summoning tOe mseting. No such intimation was given on the notice paper for the meet- ing of the House Committee at which the resolution was passed. He was very sorry the mattCr should C3rtle on so soon after the inquiry. He did not think the com- mittee had power ta stipulate the tiaaa of the doctor's visit.

The CHAIRMAN : Oh yes we can. Mr. Asacaoer(continuing)said the only matter placed on the notice paper fir the House C ommictee meeting was that of the appointment of nurse Such an important matter as that ot fixing the time of Dr. Braide's visite ought to have been e'ated. Fie would move an amend- ment that the recommendation be struck out. Mr. G. PILLING SaflOrliOd. Mr. flotteerroet : D oes Mr. Ashcreft mean to say that special notice should have been given of the matter ? The CHAIRMAN : I aseertele that it is ,40. At the request of Mr. KNowLes, the Cnairenan read the committee's recommendation. Mr. KNOWLES : Iti a very popular receminsuclatienr The CLERK seid notice of a matter of the kind uncle( ceesideration was not necessary. It was a question os edeciding the hour at which the doctor should pay hi daily visit, and that was net a mater that should require a special notice to the me.mbers of the House Committee. Mr DAVIES thought it was a very desirable resolution to tease. Mr MALKIN die not think the doctor ought to be tied to visit the Werkhouse at a certain hour. Mr KSOWLE4 Sill it wag cerement for medical men to pay their daily. visite in the morning. Mr Ilwaseort thought the Beard ought to remember what Mr Jeanne Fust said on this point. Mr. PILLING said he was somewhat astonished at the resolution of the H nose Cemrnittee He did not think it was necessary. In the Committee's book there was the following • printed question " Dees the Doctor give regular attendance" and at every meeting there was the answer " Yes." What more did the Committee want ? It was rather an inopportune time to pass such a resolution after the little " bother " they had had recently. It looked as if they were showing spite towards the doctor. The CHAIRMAN said he would like Mr Pilling to dis- abuse his mind of anything of that kind. As a matter of fact any unprejudice i person would see that the reso- lution was the logical outcome of Mr Jenner Fast's advice. This minute calling upon the doctor to pay his ordinary daily visit before eleven o'clock was intended to improve the administration of the Rouse, and the Board, he thought, tied expresseed its determination to Improve the administration, The members of the House Committee were animated by that desira,and they could not have their medical work efficiently done unless the visits of the medical officer were paid in accordance with the euegeetion which was now made. Mr HICKMAN said the person who had raised this storm in a tea-pot was present at the meeting when the resolution was passed and be raised no storm then. Mr Ashcroft was one of the five persons present and the resolution was passed unanimously. Re (Mr Hickman) believed it was an after-thought on the part of Mr Ash- croft and a very frivolous one: Throe only voted for the amendment which was lost, and the miuutee were then passed. DR PEACOCKE AND THE CHAIRMAN. Mr DAVIES said a fortnight ago the Local Government Board's report relative to :he late inquiry was read nod diecussed and the absence of the two medical officers was rather adversely criticised. Since than one of the doctors had written to the newspapers stating that he had sought an interview with the chairman and clerk and explained to them that he would be absent and told them the cause of it. In the absence of such an explanrion to the Board, the members were led to think that the medical officers were treating them with contempt. He (Mr Davies) thought it was rather hard on Dr Peacecke that his explanation was withheld. Would the Chairman have any objection to state why he withheld the infor- mation ? Re was sure the Chairman would not withhold anything from the members which would have the effect of telling against the doctor. The CLuatt mei Dr Peacecke waited upon him and exactly told him what his engagement was, The doctor did not ask him to say a word Abel", it to the Beard, and he (rha clerk) write • letter te Dr Peacocke, ask nz him to put in writing whatever be wished to et ,:e t the Board. Dr Peececke'a letter was read, and toe (the Clerk) begged to say that when a man wrote a letter any private con eersation he had had with the Chairman or Clerk would be very improper if introdareed. (Hear, hear.) The CICAIRMAN stated that he certainly should not have said anything, for he did not think it was neces- sary to say anything, bad not toe matter been brought forward by Mr "levies. The conversation he had with Dr Peacocke he supposed to be of a private nature. He had no idea that it was the outcome of a special visit. Dr Peacocke met him at Peclgate Schools and made a statement which he (the Chairman) took to be of a private nature. Se far as the reason alleged by the doctor for his absence it seemed to him (the Chairman) to be inadequate. If it had been an adequate reason he (the Chairman) would have mentioned it. Some people imagined—and he was afraid Dr Peacocks was one of them —that a poor excuse is better than none, , but he the Chairman) did not. He thought he was do- ing Dr Peacocke a real kindnees by not saying anything about it at the meeting. There was no personal ele meat or feeling imparted into the matter. Ile had no feeling against the medical officers. or anyone connected with the institution. Mr PILLING : You allow other people b make remarks vehieh might be stopped. , The subject then dropped. PURE BEER.

The CLERK read the following letter :-74, South Audley-street, Grovenor-spare, London. Dear sir,—l have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of the rose-, lotion you have been kiad enough to forward to me in support of the movement for better securing the purity of beer. Such evidences of public feeling are of'material assistance to me and those associated with n3e' in this matter. I beg you to be good enough to convey our toanks to all coacerned.—Yours, gr,c., ,OTEBERT QUILTER. To the Clerk " Ir. may hi: remembered that at th previous meitieg of the Biard a letter was read e from the Risbridge Union, in which they stated that they had reaolv.l to reqiPst Sir Cuthbert Quitter to p.rsevere with hia Pore Beer Bill, and hoped the War- ringtca Bard of Gdardians would act in a similar manner " in vier of the serious charges of arsenical poisonin n beer," Tn. Boar,l on that t;ccaeion decided z i " to act in A similar m inner." PRIZE Dlq FRIBUTION AT PADGATE. The CHAIRMAN said be would like to ask that as many Guardians as nible should try to attend the concert and prize distribution at pacigate Schools next Tuesday evening at seven o'clock.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
INTEFtES LING DOCUMENTS.

The Citanatan said he bad received some interesting. old papers from Mr. William Houghton. One was are moval arder issued in the middle of last century—or rather last contury but one—and bore the names of two well-liaown local families—Blackburn, and Patten. It was rather an interesting dccument and was dated 1754 He (the Chairman) purposed eiwositing it in the Museum as he thought it was a valuable local record.and illustrated the progrea which had been made in poor law pedriration. It was the eau of a person who wan not chargeable but who was liable to be charged, and the order directed that she should be removed be- cau6e she was not paying rent amounting to £lO a year for her farm. Mr. RICHMAN hoped the document would not get con- signed to the tip for rubbish. The CHAIRMAN said he had also received from Mr

===== 0002601_19010104_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. _ LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

Earlestown v. Nelson.

After a hard holiday programme, Earlestown were at home on Saturday to receive Nelson. The week previeus they paid a visit to Nelson and returned defeated by three goals to one, but they amply avenged this defeat on Saturday. The home team underwent several changes from that which defeated Hayclack on Boxing Day, Green and Anthony being dropped, Hayes and Clibborn replacing them. The visitors were at full strength, their team being identically the same as that which defeated Earlostown the previous week. Nelson won the toss and elected to play with the hill, Brown starting before about 400 spectators. A brief visit was immediately paid to the visitors' goal but Little ran the ball over the line. The Nelson forwards instituted a nice combined movement on the home citadel and Cook- son gave CrieW a warm handful. Bartley next got going on the home right but ha passed weakly and the leather was very soon again in the home half The visitors forwards were, however, in,ff ective when ia the vicinity of the goal and were easily kept at bay by the backs. Settle was getting nicely away when he was foully floored by Almon and the free kick led to a fierce onslaught on the Nelson goal, Bartley relieving the pressure by shooting wind. Shortly afterwards the visitors goal narrowly missed capture, Settle getting away nicely and after tricking Howarth, abet hard in, the ball striking the bottom of the upright and rebound- ing in touch. Still keeping up the pressure, Bartley skimmed the bar from long range aad later B,rearn shot sp'endidly the ball sticking in the mud and stopping dead almost on the geal line, the cus:odian just getting it away before he was bundled o'er. At this period the game became rather rough and as a conse- quence Howarth was injured and the visitors played one back thus throwing the Earleatown forwards offside. Just before the interval Bartley received a pas) from Lee and breaking through, shot her 1 and trite for goal. Whittaker put his foot up to stop the leather, butTrown caught it on the rebound and had no diffleulty in draw- ing first blood on behalf of Earlestown. Half-time Earlest own one, Nelson nil. In the sec-rid portion, the homesters had matters prs.etica'ly all their own way and before the finish!Brown put on two more goala and Settle one, so that Earles- town came out with flying colours, the final score being four to nil in their favour.

Teams :—Barlestown Ch', goal ; Raves and Cottarn, back ; Pennington. Wnitehmee and Clibborn, half-bank+ ; Bartley, Let:, Brown, Leach and Settle, for- wards.

INT'son :—Whittaksr, goal ; Efowarth (T E) and Howarth (T G) hacks ; klmon, Livingstone and Cowell. half-backs ; Cookson, Wltkins, Braishaw, Garstang and Lyons, forwards.

Earlestown v Flaydock.

The return match betwoPn those two local rivals was played at flavdonk on Nsw Year's Day. Earlestown plavel the same team that performed so well ag,ainst Nelson whilst Haydoek were at full strength. Haydock won the toss and Brown sot the leather in motion in the pr.sence of about 1,000 spectators. At the interval the score-sheet was blank,and the result was the same at the close.

Those who came With the expectation of seeing a ecod game were not by any means isappointed for notwithstanding the sloppy nature of the turf, the foot- ball extibited was of a high crier, both teams playing for all they were worth. White house was about the best man on the field. Eft" worked like a nigger and when he had finished he looked like one, his face being covered with mud. The Earlestown forwards played splendidly in the open but seemed unable to shoot with any degree of precision at all. Hovrever,the ground was against decent footwork especially near goal. Haydock were best represented by their custodian who by the way is an old Esrlestown Rover. Mercer was the toick of their forwards whilst Howarth was the beat of the halves.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMBINATION.

Newton-le-Willows v Warrington. kt Newton Warrington started before a fair gate, the opening exchanges being mostly co-fined to midfield. A nice run np the field by Kenny was folio wed by a pretty centre, Houghton heading the leather into Aspinall'ir hands. The visitors next took up the attack, lent were very soon sent back in'o their own quarters. Warring- ton gradually drove their opponents back again, and , Horrocks fund plenty to do, However, the interval came with the score sheet blank. On resuming the visi• I tors were the first to become dangerous but a nice centre from Ellis was allowed to go a begging. Newton vary soon took up the attack and thrice in succession Floughton shot wide with.an open goal. Meow; q sat- ter of an hour after resuming one of the visitors backs knocked the leather down and the referee I had no hesitation in awarding a penalty. LO9 took the kick, but whether he was frightened by the way in which Aspinall danced about or whether he cut it rattier too fine in trying to steer the leather into the net or not, 'he shot hard against the upright and on the ball re- bounding ta him, he had another pon, but of course the referee quickly tootled. for a foul. Stimulated by their escape the Warringtomans got away and after passing between the forwards and backs the ball eventually came to Postlethwaito who shot it through a sea of legs into the net.

Ilswt.on tried hard to g too level terms again but all their efforts were futile and the final came with the visi- tors victorious by ons goal to nil. If only for their perseverance Warrington deserved to win, for they did not wait for the ball to coms to them, they went to look for it and invariably found it and whst was more,made good use of it. Ellis was ab)ut tha pick of ths visiting quartette, his centres bell? ononeate and well-timed.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GALE.

Effects of the Gale at Widnes.

The effects of the recent gale at Widnes were not alartniogly serious. In fact, little damage was done to house property with the exception of a public-house windows being blown in, and a few chimney pots and slates dislodged from various buildings. Scene on the River Mersey. A Warrington Boat in Danger. What would originally have been described as" Run- corn Gap." presented a rough aspect during the vale on Friday and Saturday. Luckily, however, the craft of Runcorn and Widnes had for the greater part been snugly harboured. The tug " Dagmar " of Runcorn, however, came in for an exciting adventure. Whilst boating up the river (light) a Warrington fishing boat was noticed in difficulties and signalling distress. The tug straightway put off to her aid and eventually took her in tow. The boat was, however, in too dangerous a condition to be ventured far with, and the captain thought it advisable to tow it on to a sand-bank by Widnes. He rescued the crew (three men) and on account of the serious condition of exhaustion in which he found one of thms Is.nded them at Widnes. The men were all of Warrington. The fishing smack was the " Explorer "of Warrington belonging to Mr J Sherratt, Faircloug,h's-avenue, War- rington. The arrival of the Dagmar, and its plucky Captain (T Smith, of Runcorn), was very timely as one of the men was in an almost comatose condition due to his long exposure in the bitter cold rainstorm. Damage at Runcorn.

Friday's gale did great damage in Runcorn. In every part of the town slates and chimney-pots were dislodged, while in more exposed situation roofs were ripped off and window-frames blown bodily in. Many atreets were strewn with wreckave. Fortunately no personal accidents were recorded. Exciting scenes were witnessed on the Merrier. the wind blowing with terrific force during the tide and before it, and the water rose about six feet over the normal height, and swept over the Ship Canal in great volumes. At Weston Point, the dockmen could not stand on the pierhead. Traffic on the river and Ship Canal was practically at a standst ill. The Manchester Citv, from Manchester to Halifax, Canada, tied up at Runcorn at noon, and did not pro- ceed until ter; on Saturday morning. The traffic on the Bridgewater Canal was practically all" tied up "during the progress of the gale, but nothing beyond a little in- convenience was experienced along this important water way.

Vessel Damaged in the Ship Canal. The so. Ariarine, of Homburg, collided on Friday with Mode Wheel 1.1a4, in the Manchostor stijo cam!. receiving &maga to the bow. She has gone into the graving dock. The Storm at Earlestown and Newton.

IThe violent storm of wind and rain which raged over the district on Friday last, fortunately did very little damage, and there were no accidents to human life. Slates in several parts were blown from houses, and in Boundary-street, a fence was torn off, and driven across the street, and in Wargrave-road a fence round some Iflew buildings was thrown down. In Crossley-stree,the front windows which are in an exposed position were blown in, and in Regent•street the chimney stack of a house was blown down, and the pavement was strewn with bricks, but fortunately none penetrated the roof of the house, and nobody w^s injured. DRLICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEN TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER TEA SOE AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND CO.. LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5. HORSEMAREET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND

ATHLETICS. Rugby Football.

[By " Ovalist "] This week I feel buuud to change my tune and sing the praises of the Warrington team, for they not only finished the century with a creditable win, but they also won their first match of the new century in handsome fashion. This is better than was expected. and one must certainly give credit where credit is due. [ Rochdale Hornets were the opponents of War- rington in the concluding match of the century, and as they wri pitying ou their own ground the odds were largely in their favour, but it was they instead of Warrington who failed to rise to the occasion. Warrington did not repeat their perfor- mance earlier in the seaaon when they defeated the Hor- nets by a large margin, lant they got the two points and that is the main thing—espec:ally as they were very badly wanted.

It is not to Dane-street that the Roclidalian goes for Rugby football now--day. That horriblo swamp has been at last deserted by the Flornets Club which has been fortunate enough to se :we the playing pktch at the Athletic Grounds for its matches. Here there 13 a good turf and ample acc mu:iodation for both spec- tators and players, and Warrington ought to consider it a happy augury that their first visit to the Athletic Grounds has resulted in victory.

The handful of spectators who went to Rochdale were not very much encouraged when they found that the team included about half the " A" team, and that Isher- wood and Fish were among the absentees. Chances of success looked very poor indeed, even though the Hor- nets w era not much better represented, Bit one can never tell how junior players will acquit themselves. The Warrington lads gave quite a surprising display and played just the right game under the circumstances. They deserve every credit for winning the match.

Rochdale played shockingly and on the diiplay they gave tau are quite the worst team I have seen this season. But toe form of Saturday cannot be a true in- dication. From what one cmn learn things do not work very harmoniously in the Rochdale club and some of the , players ate not very particular whether they win or not. Toere ware shirkers among them when they came to Warrington, but they have worsened a lot since then. Burgess displayed capital judgment when he went in for an open game to commence with, and the way he ran n d passed proved what a good half back he really is. Unfortunately he won't play the same gameconsistently. Oa Saturday he repeatedly ran through and gave his centres the ball with the result that Ratcliffe and Harris were within an ace of scoring in the first ten minutes. The combination was really excellent and after Field gave his side the lead with a penalty goal, the Warring- ton men showed their mettle to some purpose. Ratcliffe comdleted a clever movement with a very neat try, and the game was practically won, for Warrington easily held their own.

In the second half the Hornets got a big chance of vic`ory for Scott dislocated his ankle and made the third Warrington 1141 f-back to be disabled in play in a week. Elen took the vacant place and the leaders went in for defensive tactics. Rochdale pressed repeatedly but their method of attack was so crude that Warrington easily kept them out. Judicious marks and long punts were the order and though it was a sorry display from a spectator's point of view, Warrington did the right thing under the circumstances and the thing too, that Rochdale have always done when they got ahead. The Hornets have won fame for gaining victories by marks.

Wightman and Rigg were the only men on the home side who showed any knowledge of the game acd both worked hard. Field was aw NI, and his pules to the wing beggared description. Generally they went nearer Hallam than Wightman, whom they were meant for. And yet Field was preferred to Fisb for County honours! The Warrington msn all shaped very well indeed,though not one was free from occasional clumsiness in fielding the ball. Burgess was the best man on the field, while Rateldfn fully justified his selection. He is a smart lad arecl deserves further trial on a drier day;

Flushed with their victory over Rochdale Hornets, Warrington proceeded on New Year's Day to Valley Parade,Manningharn,and smote that famous team hip sad thigh. The Warrington team was a strong one, though Fish was still absent owing to a severe cold, and R Bate took Scott's place at half back. Manningham also whipped up a full team with the intention of teaching the vilitors that there was football in Yorkshire yet, even if Lancashire were the champion County. From the start. however, Warrington played brilliantly aad quite outclasaed the team which used to administer such " whackings " all round. To say the Tykes were astonished at Warrington's display and ultimate victory by 26 points to three is an entirety inadequate descrip• tion of their feelings. They asked all sorts of questions and seemed generally to imagine that Warrington had whipped up a batch of internationals for their benefit. llockenhall was particularly brilliant on the right wing and raced in three times, while Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, also credited themselves with tries. It sa as entirely by smart back play that Warrington triumphed and truly the combination of the winners was a revelation. Were it only main- tained week by week the club would not occupy so lowly a position.

The Committee are so pleased with the performance of the men that the same team has been chosen en bloc, and there are even predictions floating abut that Swin- ton will meet with a check on Saturday. I fancy not ! Even my enthusiasm and hopefulness does not encourage me to expect that. Warrington certainly mean to try hard, however, and they were very near the mark last season.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON

WARGRAVR CHURCH CHOIR.

In connection with the above a most successful gathering was held in the Wargrave Schoolroom on Friday evening in aid of the choir funds. There were about 70 persons present and dancing was interspersed with songs by iudividul members of choir.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A.

The usual weekly mealnii--of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. l77ociety, was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Earlestown on Sunday afternoon. Mr Williamson presided, and an excellent address on the closing of the year was Riven by Mr Dring. Vocal items were given by Miss Tombs, and Mr S Dring presided at the piano. GOOD TEMPLAR.

In connection with the Hope of Earlestown Lodge, a social was held at the Co-operative Hall, on Monday evening, commencing at 630 with a tea. Owing to the limited accommodation the number had to be curtailed. After tea a short entertain- ment was given, Bro Cutler in the chair, and the following programme was submitted:—Piano solo, " Hilarity," Bro Willis; song," Bells of Aberdovey," Sister Thomas ; reading, "Ben Seddon's Courtship," Bro Warburton: song," Couldn't take the t7iospeorf us," Bro Huddleston ; mouth organ solo," w and I shall hear," Bro Ellison ; song, " I'se dream- ing of you," Sister Miss Gosling; recitation, "An act in the drama of intemperance." Bro Roberts song, "Down the road," Bro Huddleston ; song; "Just a little bit of string," Sister Miss Goslin. The rest of the evening was spent in games, the Orches- tral Band visiting and giving several selections,

===== 0002601_19010104_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

_ The Rev. Angus Macdonald, curate of St. James', Latchford, preached his farewell sermon on Sunday evening, and left Warrington on Monday for Shef- field, where he has been appointed assistant curate at the Church of St. John the Evangelist. The members ot the Young Men's Bible Class presented him with a handsome umbralla,and he was also the recipient at the hands of other friends of a silver soverign purse filled with soverigns and hall-sovereigns, an um- brella. an ebony walking-stick, and a pipe. The Belvoir meet at Mr. and Mrs. Montague Thorold's picturesque place, Honington Hall, on riday was made the scene of the presentation to Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall of the souvenirs offered to them by the ladies on the Lincolnshire side of the country on the occasion of their wedding, which took place in October. The presents consis- ted of an old silver jag, dating back to 1783, with a stand bearing an appropriate Inscription; and a , diatnon,l and pearl brooch. ' Amongst the gentlemen who qualified as county magistrates at the Chester Quarter Sessions on Mon- day we notice the name of Mr. J. Malin Edelsten, of Quernfield, Orappenhall.

===== 0002601_19010104_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE TEETH. BOUGHT.

_ Many ladles and geotlemen have by -them old or disused false teeth. which migiat as well be turned into money Messrs R D and 3 B Fraser, of Princes-street, Ipswich (established since 1833), buy old false teeth. If you send , your teeth to them they will remit you by return post the utmost valtie ; or, if prJerred, they will make you the best offee, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs. Bums Co., Bankers, Ipswich.

DELICIOUS lIIAZAwATTER TEA DS:MCI:DVS MAZAWATTEN TFOA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA SOLE AGENTS: HENRY HILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLESALE AND BETA ILL GROCERS ETC.. E., DOESEMARKET-STREET, ARRINGTott. KITCHEN RANGES. Tile Grates, Marble an Wood Chimney pieees,J.s. GettLixt.,sl 55.BrIdge-st—Advt _

LAMPS, Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves,—J. S. GARLAND,. 51 to 55. Brldge-street, Warrlngton.—Advt. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINBEAL tfATIUS.—Advt

F OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT DENTISTRY. TEEM. Appointments unnecessary,but may arranged. TEETH. MI consultations re . TEach patient Informed beforehand the coil EETH. work required, TEETH. Gold ame. other fillings at int:Aerate charges. TEETH. An M.D.. Rho Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-inleas Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Mak., rto Dentists o w ekly.

Haora. Of ate J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM HANCHESTER-_,....46, mOSLEY-STRER? (Te!poem:at) 1660).

st HELENS _._ __GEORGE-SIRE ET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLEsTOWN------7, BRIDGE-STREET TUESDAY. 2 p.m.

WA RRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII...... 18. APPLPINIARKET-STREE?

FRIDAY, ifto 1-2‘andTt;-5:

DEATHS.

Huitsr —On the 29th December at 242. Knutsford•road, Warsi rington, William Hurst. in his 72ad year. Not lost, but gone before. JONES—December 26th, at Mill-lane, Warrington, Samna Jones aged 65 years. LEE—December 26th, at Winwlek street. P7arrington, Eliz- abeth Lee, aged 72 years. RICHARDSON—December 27th. at Priory-street, Warrington, Alice Richardson, aged 64 years, MORGAN—DeCamber 28th. 5t roarrell-str2et, Warrington, Catherine Morgan:aged 61 years. POTTER —D ecem bar 9th, at Padgate-laue. Warrington. rMaria Potter, aged 71 years. KERRlGAN—December 29th. at Union-street, Warrington, Edward Kerrigan, aged 44 years, IN bIEASORIABiI. In loving Memory of my Dear Father, William Owen,' who fell asleep. December 31st. 1899. Age 71 years. "Gone but not forgotten"

„site Arpley Station, FR lARS' GREEN. Warrington Om. Also at MANCHESTKR-ROAD, (late BilsenIll1113.11.) S. T. WARD AND Ca, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Stc„ Makers of all kinds of Cblinnev Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In °mune. Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTIR4 MONUMENTs A SPECIALITY,

W arriugton.—Printedand Published by JOHN WALKER 81 CO. at The Examiner fieneral Printing Works, Bewsey. street, and published by them at the same place and also at the, The Examiner Offices. Viotorla-road.WIDNES 32, Georye•street. Si. HELENS and 3, Market-green EARLESTOWN,iti the County of Lancaster and also at High steel. Ru CORN in the County of Chester.—itaum 4, 191,

13

i rat

bef

to SI At ttc Ac

Pr

ra

PI

===== 0002601_19010104_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TALE OF THE CENTURY! SILAS K. HOCKING'S NEW SERIAL STORY. ITh T 1.1178 Y LAOVEDAY,” COMMENCES IN EXAMINER," OF SATURDAY NEXT 44 -1-3 LAXBY IJOVEDAY," BY SILAS K. 'HOCKING. IFO-117ND about December 28, CREAM COITODiED DOG. If not claimed within 3 days will be sold.-12, EIRLDGIK-STREET. Runcorn. -

MERSEY MISsION TO SE A.MEN, STATION - ROAT), RUNCORN. LOOK OUT FOR THE VISIT OF TETA LOSTOCR GRA LAM M INSTREL TROUPE AT THE SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE RUNCORN. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. JANUARY 9TR, 1901. Fen Programmes.

BIBLE ADDRESSES ARE DELIVERED EVERY. SUNDAY AT 630 P.M.. TN TOFri ASSEMBLY ROOMS. CoIINER or BRIDGE-STREET AND FRIARS'-TB, WARRINGTON. SUBJECT FOR TO-MORROW:— " THE GLORIES OF THE WORLD TO COME."

- - - BOLD-8 TREET WKS L,EYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SPAT/AY) SANITARY 6m At 10.30 Rev. H. G. PIORIIRTS. M.A. At 630 RFT. THRODORB BISHOP, All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. REHEARSALS. FOR BIM CHORUq AND oRcinsTRA. WILL BE RESU lIED ON TUESDAY NEXT, JANUARY BTR. AT 7.30 P.m IN TEE TRINITY SCHOOLROOM. MUSEUM-STREET. W. E. ATKIN} Hon. Sees. F. J LORD

SUNDAY NIGHT JANUARY 6Tir, 1901. ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHURCH RUNCORN, 6.30 P.M. SERMON: TO YOUNG MEN AND MAIDENS, BY TELE REV. ALFRED WELLS, " THE UNTRODDEN PAIN OF THE FUTURE."

W'A RRINGT ON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL BALL. WILL BR HELD IN THE PARR HALL. ON THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 17m 1901. MR. PEARSON'S BAND IS ENGAGED. DECIRATIONS By MR. RALPH JOHNSON. 1 Double tickets 6s. single. 3e. 64 (Including First Class tietreshments.) Dancing to commence at 8. carriages at 2. Tickets at the Liberal Club. Wimmarleigh Café Sankey- street. W. Roberts, Bridge-street. Miss Dinwiddie, Bridge- street, J. Beswick. Horsemarket-street. A. Booth, Butter- tnarket-street, R. H. Pearson and J. Critchley, Bold-street, and members of the Committee. DAVID TINNION. Chairman and Hon. Treasurer, E. PICKAVANCE inn., 1 Hon. Sees. ' 6. J. BEAMAN - _ - ------ FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOOKS FOR 1901, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL acroDs. 440 TO T. CLARK'S, (1)(D EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET. EAELESTOWN. WHITE STAR Li NE ROTA MAIL STEAMERS. \ LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK Viti Queenstown. MAJESTIC ...Wed.. Jan. 9 *CYMRIC Fri., Jan. 25 I OCEANIC .. Wed.. Jan. 16 GERMANIC ...Wed., Jan. 30 TEUTONIC... Wed., Jan. 23 MAJESTIC... Wed., Feb. 6 *WIII notlcall at Queenstown on this voyage. Third Class passage at tow rates including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Pnilaielptna, or Baltimore Apply to Tway. Imam, and Co. Liverpool, 17 Cookspur Streit *2 W •• A 3e. Lendenhall *tr. as. gm.. London tr

OREENALL, WHITLEY, & COMPANY' LIMITED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER. SIB,— As the pablic mind is just now considerably die- . . tarbed, and very naturally so, by what is known as The Beer Scare," We think it may allay anxiety to some extent if we state that the Beers brewed in our Breweries (Wilderspool and St. Helens) are, and always have been, absolutely pure and wholesome, and entirely free from arsenic and other deleterious matter. For Greensll, Whitley & Co., Ltd.. THOS J. DOWN. Director and Secretary, Wilderspool BrewerylWarrington, 29th November, 1930. Municipal Offices. Warrington, Ist December, 1900 To Messrs. Greenall, Whitley. & Co., Ltd., 111/1 BIM— Warrington. DEAR I am pleased to inform you that the samples of Beer taken from the "Blackburn Arms," " Haw- thorn Inn," and" Old Ball, 'are free from Arsenio. Yours sincerely, JOHN IL GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health and Public Analyst, Warrington. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON Tin BURIAL ACT, 1900. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Burial Authority of the Borough of Warrington do hereby direct that NOTICE OF THE INTENTION TO BURY in the Warrington Ceme- tery shall be given not less than 24 hours before interment in an ordinary Grave and not less than 48 hours before the first interment in a Vault or Bricked Grave and shall be Riven to the Registrar of the Cemetery at his office between the hours of Nine a.m. and Six p.m. of any day other than Sunday. Dated this 22nd day of December. 1900. LYON WIHTTLE, Town Clerk, Town Hall, Warrington,

6410tEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 1.1 "OH, IRS 1 ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECE-STREET. LIVERPOOL.' 'THANK TOIL"

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.I WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c., &c., GO TO WILLIAM. TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLLYSTREET), LIVERPOOI TELICPHONE, 7823.

TLLIIMIN ATED ADDRESSES. DIE-STAMPING Ifac-Similes of Hasciwriting. Typewriting. plans. gnan titles ttc., copied and lithographed.— BnooKS AND saw, Law Stationers IL Qneen-street, Warrington.

IF YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIRE GOOSE OR TURKEY DON'T BE IMPOSED) UPON WITH FOREIGN STUFF, SEA MC DERMOTT, THE RABBIT RING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD. WARRINGTON. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES. On RALE. a Choice selection of Presents'for ourammts, wiminsGs. and BIRTHDAYS. In SILVER. ILVER- P LAT . DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY. and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selention of HARE COINS. WAR MEDALS. COIN CABINETS, ANTIQUES. CHINA. and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON AND CO., NUMISMATISTS," MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, 63, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. POE ALL TRADE PURPOSES, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. STATIONERY, TWINES, Exc. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG-LANE (OFr KING-STREET), WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sonnd ENGLISH LEVEE on the Market,. Presgot Factory 20 YEARS' Ousmattee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. • Strong Silver Cases from 335. Hunters front £2 12s. 6d. Livernool Agent R. RUBENS, 15 & 16. ST. JOHN'S-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver, and Gold- filled at Lowest Prices Current.

JOHN ATKINSON. 62, AND 64, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. BIKER AND CONFECTIONER. DINNERS, TEAS AND REFRESHMENTS. SCHOOLS AND PARTIES SUPPLIED. WEDDING AND tsIRTEDAY CAKE. a ts rECIALITY.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGRS, ABDOMINAL BELFS. BUY TIMM BRIM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. ISMITU AvD SONS. 37, BREOK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We imply a better quality ,at a lower price" than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1886.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE - The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Oanistes 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES IND SON. LTD WABEINGTOD ESTABLIHED 1833

QICRGE JACKETS! SERGIC JACKETS LI Every workman should have one of MAMIE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge aaelrete, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool. SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated las. 64. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HADUE AND CO, LIMITED. 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid. A HEN SITTING ON A HARD-BOTLED EGG Is about equalled by those dealers who try to Imitate the en-les of ARTHUR EVANS. 6s. 6d. and Ss. 64. Gents' Solid Boots. They get no nearer the object aimed at, but they golon cackling just the same. 59 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT THE CITY. Telephone 225, Anfleld.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, REWSRY-STREET, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL HINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST ANDIFIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, enRNIIILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate " Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nessclifte. Victoria-rd..Latchford Bt. Helens Mr. J. 13. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLING)] The Willows Sandbaoh Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. 3. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerileld Hong

KELLIE'S WATCHES PACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKSIANBHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21., NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6810. N.B.—Mr. JOHN IVELLIE has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honnnrs at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

UMBRELLAS 1 UMBRELLAS 11 THB LATBsT NoVB THIS SUITABLB FOR LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S: Vir %LIKING STICKS UHLBRBLLAs AND stmSTIADES TettuJVIIRED iN HAI/ AN HOUR FROM 38. sp. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. ROT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE IN. TAILS OF PURE HAIR. /mom 6s. 6n. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. Tbe Best Remedy for FALLING- OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE Is. 6n. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- Nv • B. SWEETM 5, RANELAGH.STRISET. LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THATUTHEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OUEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTS FOR " WELSBACH 'INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FREE.

_ VERY SPECIAL. A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE. EQUAL TO NEW. SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS, &c. One Pair of Handsome Silver-plated FISH CARVERS; price 3s. 6d. the pair. Biz Pairs of FISH EATERS, only 7s. Gent's Real Silver-mounted Ebony WALKING STICK; price only 2s. 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, jewelled movement, an accurate timekeeper; price only 7s. 6d. Lady's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA, 3s. Cd. Gent's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA. 3s. 6d. A very neat Pair of OPERA GLASSES, 28. 6d. Heavy Gold WEDDING RING (9 carat). 9s. 6d. A 22-earat Gold WEDDING RlNG.good thieknesconly 15$. Lady's Solid Gold and Real Diamond Buckle RING only 4s. 9d. AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS, 116 to 120 BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 6,171. Forfeited, and for Sale, a large Quantity of KNIVES, FORKS, and SPOONS, some In cases.

WIDOW WRLCIFS PILLS FOR FRIIALE:COMPLAINT- MEE. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained ll3r it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase Is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who Is the only nerson in possession of the GEMIFINALL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, mil et gned on the Out side label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents." W. EDWARDS& SoN I 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's. 1 London, are "engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold i Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most Meg:Usti.

FREEBORN'S CORAZZA SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS WORN, FINE LINEN FRONTS, RANDS AND WRISTS. AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGHEST CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 15s 6d. FREEBORN'S WATER - REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 255.. 355., 455. FREEBORN'S MACINTOSH COATS. 15s. 6d,, 275. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, 11, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

WITHOUT A DOUBT THE LARGEST, CHEAPEST, AND BEST HOUSE FURNISHERS FOR CASH •OR CREDIT IN WARRINGTON ARE PENDLEBUaY AND COMPANY, 12 AND 14, WINWICK STREET.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, MOUNTED ON GOLD. PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, Am, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDS OF LINT% TESTIMONIALS. J. HIGHAM (OP CROSS-LANE. EARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGA-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS PROM 2 TILL b P.M. ALSO 24, OXFORD-STREET, ST. HELENS. T. C 4- "• ILL MAIT CUPWARDS,IOP 18 YEARS WITH THEILATE JOHN M: PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAISIET-STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS.I TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. AC. References :—Warrington Cemettry Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams: " HOLLINGwORTH. Latchford."

BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO. 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its,branches. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of 4. A. Cbanotr, EENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO.,LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THB BUXTON LIME FIRMS. LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICRERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF s ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Siding. and Branch Office. Marion Street, Warrington

444 WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER. ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to At fist in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLMFLY DEFIES COMPETITION i A Bona- fide Written Go ~-.,Ltee for Fifteen Years given with'eaoh watch. This watch cm be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO., we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

A. AND J. MiLAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND EILVERSBUTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, 1 One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. AU transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AXD BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES WHEATI,EIrS HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. _ To be had In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WIDIWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

W. HODGKINSON LIMITED. NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. AN ENORMOUS DISPLAY OF FANCY ARTICLES, NEW YEAR CARDS Bre. THIS DAY (SATURDAY), AND MONDAY NEXT. 46, AND 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

M. DO WELL'S. LIMITED, CARRIAGE BUILDERS. TOWN IMPROVEMENTS. ALTERATION AND BE-ARRANGEMENT OF PREMISES. STOCK AT GREAT REDUCTIONS TO CLEAR. YLANDS STREET WARRINGTON.

COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON TO ALL. lIENRY WESTON, °LIMITED, 33. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRING-TOs, ARE UNLIKE ANY OTHER HOUSE OF BUSINESS. WHY? BECAUSE THE PROFIT PUT ON THEIR CLOTHING IS SMALLER THAN ANY OTHER SHOPKEEPER IN THE TOWN WOULD BE SATISFIED WITH. ,IF ANY PERSON DOUBTS THIS TRUTH LEI' HIM BUY ANY ARTICLE FROM US qAND THEN COMPARE IT WITH SIMILAR GOODS SOLD BY OTHER SEIOPS. WE ARE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTHING, THEREFORE GIVING THE PUBLIC GOODS AT FIRST cosr. SEE OUR NEW YEAR WINDOW AND NOTE THE ADDRESS.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS USEFUL AND BEAUTIFUL. AND AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. YOU CAN EFFECT AN IMPORTANT SAVING. AND IN ADDITION ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. MOST ARTISTIC FURNISHING STORES OUT OF LONDON, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL TEE LEAD/NG MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advanced on Zewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

UTE M.O.D. SPECIAL LINE IN OVERCOATS. A GOOD SERVICEABLE OVERCOAT OF RELIABLE MELTON CLOTH WITH VELVET COLLAR, FOR 168. YOU CANNOT GET THIS COAT ELSEWHERE, AS IT IS OUR OWN MAKE, AND IS SOLD AT A PRICE WHICH DEFIES COMPETITION SEE THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT'S WINDOWS FOB BARGAINS IN WINTER OVERCOATS, 8. AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. •

ESTABLISHED 1838. NEW YEAR'S NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS RICHARD JEFFREY S, PRESENTS 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ko. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOi:OGRAPILS for eryatoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASS YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S _ INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS LIIID I NEVER FADE

J. BANKS, 62, HORSEMARKET STREET, AND SCOTLAND-RD. WARRINGTON, LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S HATTER AND OUTFITTER, LADIE'S ENTRANCE IN VCOTLAND ROAD.

-.-AMI. V, . /—*.,,,,,451. . 4,.. V---- - ii —S.r.:—....ts.__ ... ----- , i; . *II. Msr-f-- , Varzs , •,.'‘``.-,-__L- :::-/".__ '----------_,--- LARGE STOOK OP MANDOLINES, BANJOES. GUITARS, VIOLINS, .to. Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood. ornamented ; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid ARCHER AND SONS. ST. GEORGES CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD- STREET, LIVRurooL. Established 1848. - , REDUCTION IN PRICES. roH. ,-------- --- 7----'-'--- 114 BURNERS.O A.A E D Ss IC EE NN TT ,g 'f. v ~,.....\-,; \ INCANDESCENTI N MANTLES. ( •1i.,..,,A, , i 0 CHIMNEY-4 INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL RINDS OP SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF ravrintrlNT COLOURS AND PA i TERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS, 80 ST. JAM', B _PLACE. WINDOW GLA,S OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS. WINDOW GLAS4 OF DIFFERENT SUBSTANCES. BRITISH SW ERED PLATE GLASS SHADES AND STAND 9. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IN Yiti UTH AND r ~... ...., , „ s,, - ..1,-.405, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have proved t? tj, 1-, e-''- 7 -:* • their value as r"-W,.t •,.. .M'.- Ste) A Safeguard and an Aid to Health. \ ( , ~..... , They have cured the discrders wtkich (...43 attack both ages, notably:— ---__:- Ste Vitus' Dance, Debility, 1 4 . \ - / Lack of Vitality, \ . miss H. EASTON. as well as those peculiar to each. such MR. J. BATES. (See below.) as the following:— (See below.) Disorders of Youth. Disorders of Old Age.

Wby not Satisfy Yourself of the superiority of Brown &. Poison's Paisley Flour over every other raising agent for home - baking and pastry making, by getting from your grocer a 7d. or 334 d. packet for next baking day? Paisley Flour will enable the beginner with little practice to make delicious home-made bread and light pastry without trouble and fear of failure. It is used mixed r part with 6 to 8 parts ordinary flour, and as it blends readily with the ordinary flour, everything is beautifully and evenly raised. Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour Makes home-baking a pleasure.

LONDON. -wrILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMYOSTS, CILEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. WU'S Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SBNNTSIDR tiIYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; line Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage Ind Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING pR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHoNE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE ANY DISTANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS, FITTINGS &c,

F. R. LAMB & CO., ROTEL AND BAR FITTERS. PRIZE MEDAL BEER ENGINES, BEER AND SPIRIT TAPS, CORK DRAWERS, MULLERS, TABLES. Send for Priees. Estimates free. MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER. Telephone 089th.

HARROP BROS. AND COMPANY. PE WTERBRS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS. TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2857. Lids Free,

CINEMATOGRAPH ENTERTAINMENTS for bazaars, schools, private parties, Sm. Latest war pictures. Terms moderate.--ScnoLL's PHOTO STORES, 3b South Castle-street, Liverpool.

TrrO ORGANISTS AND CONCERT AGENTS.- SOLO BOY desires Bngagements.powerfal voice, thor- oughly reliable, for sacred or secular music, quartettes, ac.— Address tin first instance) PRECENTOR, 73, Park-road, South, Birkenhead,

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND CO., WITH RESPECT TO ANY KIND OF BUSINESS YOU MAY DESIRE To PURCHASE OR SELL; ABSOLUTELY THE BEST MEDIUM • BUYERS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT Ii,fODERATE & FIXED CHARGES ; NO SALE, NO CHARGE; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED; CALL, WRITE OR • TELEPHONE, 0119. RYDER LLOYD. AND CO., ESTABLISHED 1837. 2.1 A, OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL (Close to Lime-street and Central Station).

JOHN BROWS & CO ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (EsTABLisaED 25 YEAEIS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN•ST. LIVERPDOL.

GLASS AND %JO, AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS, ESTATE. INSUR- ANCE AND BUSINESS TRANSFER AGENTS. 41, CORPORATION-STREET. MANCHESTER. Valuers to the Drapery. Millinery, Mantles, Furniture, Ironmongery, Cutlery, Jewellery, Boot and Shoe, Toy and Fancy Goods, Grocery and Provisions. Bakers and Confec- tioners, Tobaccos. Sweets, Off Licences, Also of filatures, Utensils and Machinery, &c., &c. Also Puny Licensed , and Beerbouses. PERSONS DESIROUS to SELL or BUY BUSINESSES are advised to CONSULT GLASS and CO., 41, CORPORA- TION-STREET, MANCHESTER. BUTCHER'S, Village 3 miles out, taking £2O weekly £2O. GROCERY and PROVISIONS, Bury taking £27 weekly £9O includes st.)ck. CONFECTIONERY, SWEETS, and .MINERALS, taking £lO weekly £4O includes stock. PROVISIONS, in country taking £35 to £4O weekly £l7O Stock at valuation. FISH and CHIP SHOPS, £2O, £25, £4O, £65, £9O, and £lOO all doing good trades. OFF-LICENCES, £SG, £225, £271, doing good trades. MILLINERY and DRESSMAKING, Rochdale doing £l2 weekly £3Ol suit two ladies. NOTE OUR ADDRESS, GLASS AND COMPANY, - 41, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 31. 9d. and 2s. Bd. pet week. BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 roorq. 25, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. 6, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. I Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

DREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS, Orford-etreet.— Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warr' u gton. rro LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street ; 3 bedroom,— I. Apply WOODS AND Sox, Solicitors, horsernerket-street, Warrington. TO LET, SHOP with fixtures, for Greeugrocer, Ac., euit Butcher, Grocer, ac., 65, Bewsey-street, Warrington.— Apply SBELLAND, 63A.

WIIIiELWEIGHT'S AND JOINER'S PREMISES—and dwelling house therewith—to be LET situate near Birch Tree, Whitley Cheshire, list tenant on premises the thirty years, ands good country business can be care over Further particulars appIy—ARTHUR J WILLEIT 3 led on. Lyme-street, Warrington. olicitor,

MR. TO.II BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, DANJO, AND GUITAR. tipeeiallet in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-STRIIRT WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. 'the NEXT THRM will BEGIN on TUESDAY. JANUARY 22nd, 1901- ales HEAD MASTER will be AT HOME, to INTERVIEW PARRNTS on SATURDAY, JANUARY/19th, and MONDAY JANUARY 215 t. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, CLASS-ROOM, AC. Preparatory Form for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. PROSPECTUS. AC., ON APPLICATION.

MISS BERTHA BOUCHIE'R, A.L.U.M. prepared to receive PUPILS for the Violin. Lessons at own or pupils' residence, or on Monday's at Mr. Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms, &c, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-BOAD, Stockton Reath.

DANCING.—MISS ETHEL SPINES, RE-OPENS her DANCING and CALISTHENIC CLASSES at the Conservativs Cluo Assembly Rooms, Saturday, January 19th, Wednesday evening class (adults), January 16th, fdasonic Hall, Bola-street, For further particulars apply 4, SALISBURY-STREET, War- rington.

If AN C HESTER ORAMISIAR SCH OOL FEE £4 49. PEIS TERM. The NEXT TEEM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 15th, 19J1. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION. MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, 1901, at 9 s.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, ac,, may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in tconnection with the School, S situated in nigher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

lOorOtO, garriageo. vOR BALL Four-wheel CAB, suitable for yard work; also Bay Horse, 16 hands.—Apply 13, NORMAN GROVE, Longeight, Manchester.

GOOD ROAN CART MAUR, 16.2 hands, good worker and quiet. Also Brown Horse 15-3 hands, (*cod worker and quiet. tiult Van or Light Lurry,—TßlPE WORKS, n. Temperance-street, Ardwick, Manchester.

INN ESCJIENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH .4k SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

ittactmiterp, etc. Manchester Gas and rJfßili' HNGINES, from I h p.- -1 WHITTAKER & ERIERLEY,Ettet-St Iron Works,Mancheeter. i(LI AS AND OIL ENGINES.—'Ihe Dudbridge, to 100 h.p. Cash or Easy Payments. Dynamos and motors. The Lister, latest and best type. send for Catalogue. Repairs of all kinds,—CENTRAL EtAR ENGINE COMPANY, 6, Charles-street, Saekville-street, Manchester.

A ciPLhNDLD StiLhUriOn UP MACHINE TOOLS, it new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 18in, Centres bit to 201 t, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 21t square to 12tt by 4ft square. Drilling Radial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Bngines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Mazhinery. etc.—Paltrolarort, St Simon-street, Blac kfriars-road, Salford

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET 6PR hhT, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900. HANDBOOK (ABATIS.

IA .1 OFNION ELANUHESTE BaTABLISHED Ix 1835. tdessr GEORGE DAVIES & EON have ha,4 more than 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish, meut, and possess praeticalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and iron manutactemes. "Sell-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. EI.BOROB DAVIES, C.E., & BON, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

A PEW TIMELY REMARKS BY pIT TS' S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALSO Al PITTS'S PANTHEON' GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). THE PROSPEROUS GENERAL FURNISHERS. ONTHE THRESHOLD OF A NEW YEAR, the THE of PITTS'S Business Career, we deem it ad- visable to scan past working in order to draw inspiration , and guidance for the future. As space permits but a brief retrospect, we refer only to what has been achieved since our advent in London-road. PITTS'S aspire and persevere, or, in homely language, we aim high and keep pegging at it. This, we believe, is the only royal road to success, the only path to prosperity, the one bee-line for the ambitious. We pursue it now and always have done, with what results the following shows. First, as regards quality of business, TT MAY INTEREST YOU TO KNOW that we have had the honour of aupplying,from London-road,furniturd for the office of. HIS GRACE THE DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE, KG., and that wa have had the pride and pleaaare of executing, from Gaythorn, two separate orders for HIS MAJESTY THE SULTAN OF MOROCCO. A really magnificent lounge suite specially manufactured by PITTS'S. which formed a portion °tithe latter orders, was exhibited in our Showrooms and gained unstinted praise from those who saw it, whilst it caused unfeigned delight to His Majesty's representatives who had actually ordered the goods. IN ADDITION TO THE BLIT E, we have minis- tered to the requirements of most other grades of society, down to the humble, though necessary, artisan, besides pub- lic and private institutions, corporations, &c.. &a., and in several instances!PlTTS'S HAVE FURNISHED THE THIRD GENERATION, having previously supplied the household requisities for the parents and grandparents when they first embarked in married life, and we hope, in the fulness of time to do the like for the fourth and succeeding generations. NOW AS REGARDS THE QUANTITY OF BUSINESS. The great and instantaneous success ef the Pantheon at Gaythorn, opened in June last, has con- siderably augmented, PITTS'S already vast turnover, caus- ing the sales for the past six months to EXCEED BY A RATE of £20,000 per annum those of the same period in 1896, whilst materially strengthening PITTS'S prestige and enabling us to practically dominate middle-class furnishing in the Manchester locality. No other furnishers in the united Kingdom succesfully conduct in one town two separate establishments of the magnitude of PITTS'S, each of which is greater than any would-be competitors in this city. TvATHAT IS THE NET RESULT 7—Well. judging by the ever-increasing support and the numerous press appreciations and unsolicited testimonials !received, it a quite evident the public generally are thoroughly convinced of PITTS'S ability and desire to please and satisfy them, and that PITTS'S premises, stock, and business are SECOND TO NONE of their kind. But what about the £s. d. net result? you ask. Sorry we cannot enlighten you, as that is just the little bit we reserve for home consumption. PITTS'S CELEBRATED DOUSES OF FURNI- TURE, at 151, 221 281. 38k. 50, 75, 100. 200, up to 1,000 guineas train pOint of luxcellence,Durability and VALUE the 'VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEAR SAVING OF 50 Plitt CENT as compared with others. Full ' particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUlDE,containing 700 designs,priced, poet free. Cash prices only quoted ; cl,ferred payments arranged, suiting conveni- ence. 100 FITS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASS 1.1%, ETTES, MAIL CARTS,LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, EARTHENWARE, Magnificent Selection. Astounding Value. Well worth inspection. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiek and Longsight Care); OAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1845. National Tele pho us, 1,124 BUSINESS HOURS 8 to? SATURDAYS, S to 9

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER: EDWARD BINNION, 4, AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

FRIRD FISH COLOURING ; one gallon! carriage paid. —J. Remsaew AND SON, Importers, Isabella-street Warehouse, Preston. QCAIICE BOOKS, Photograptis /to. Catalogue with samples, is. ; sealed lettered post, 20.-a. ARTHUR, 6, Rue l'Ecluse, Paris,

LACKPOOL, splendid large COMPANY HOLTSNS at 1/ valuation also small ones, close to promenate, all rent free to March ; houges and shops for haIe—FREEMAN and TI.YLGR 23 Tyldesley-road.

SPORT.—Far-killing Noiseless Rabbit Rifles, with 100 noise- less cartridges, Ts. 9d. Range 100 yards. Money returned if not entirely satisfied. Drawings free.—BELL BROS., Rifle Makers. Havekek lane, Glasgow.

FIUILBEHOLD SHOP, in centre of Warringt on, for Sale ; chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be glad to take a lease.—Apply to SPENCER WALLZIEAD & SON, Lyme-street, Horsemarket, Warrington,

S.EVERAL email BLOCK'S of first-rate HOUSES FOR SALE in Stockton Hew h. Pay a fair interest.—Apply to JOEIN PEMBERTON, Heatbcot, Stockton Heath, or SPENCER WALLHEAD AND SON, Lyme-street, Warrington.

I ANTEEN SLIDISS,—Paris Exhibition, London and La Country Views, the Zoo, Cathedrals. Sunsets, Flowers, Cat Studies, -and hundreds of other subjects. 6s. doz. Cata- logue. 3d.—Joux STABB, Babbacoxberroad. Torquay.

CC VOW TO ENSUILN HBALTN."—A medical work giving prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds ot Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES. 48. Lonsdale Square, Bsrnsbury. London,N IiNUMATISM AND PA RAU'S IS.—Their complete some cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. liecommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free on receipt of post- card. Address :—PUBLIBEIERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

CIHIPS and FlSH.—Cooking Ranges. Cutters, Washers and Peelers, and all utensils for the above business. ltlaw tile double cooking range the latest and best out. The oldest practice! meker in lingland.— GELDART, 129, King - street, Oldbam.—A few second hand Cookers on sale cheap.

rro BUSOLD.—Farnworths near Wislnes.—The extensive 1 Works. Int- ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards a Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. eultable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addreas J. HOMING, 16, Fenwiek- street. Liverpool.

ELECTRICITY I ELECTRICITY I ELECTRICITY II I Everyone interested in Electricity should procure the " Practical Engineer " Electrical Pocket BOOK for 1901 now ready. price is. and Is. 6d„ postage 2d.—TECESIICAL PUBLI9HING Co.,Limited, 31a, Whitworth-street, Manchester, and all Booksellers.

£150,000 itlm! t trip leen ti.ttoofbteAeddvsTic sums mo ne to suit b )rrowers,in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, S. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182. MAURICE AND M. ESCIIWEGE, WANT TO PURCHAR OLD WAR MRDALS, OLD 001 No AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver. Old-fashioned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, do , HIGHEST PRIOR GIVEN AT TEE FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, LIMB-STURM, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.E.—Money advanced upon Dlamonds,Watches.Jewellery, .to., at low rates.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. 1:30, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCEs MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Estkblished at this Address Twenty Years.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO £l,OOO. THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO,, 121, MERSEY STREET WARRINGTON. Tag ABOVE COMPANY 0 PREPAI.IsD ,TO advance Leans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and Others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. Tor Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRIOT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, OR AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has beers established since 1870, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANES from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will ba supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16,' SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, .a, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

kaoryPOKLENr, " A perfect substitute for a.Tur- pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Hollers, rto.; absolutely non-inflammable, and therefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 4d. 10-Gall. Drums; Is. 7d. Barrtle, is. 6d. " O'CTO " (+Ad HNHINPI OIL 40-(Iall. Barrels, is. 6d. Per Gall. Carriage Paid. Sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE IIItLIANOIS LUBKIHATING OIL CO, 19, 20, WM:Hid-LAHR UIU4AT TOWIIIR-STRIOT, LONDON. B.C.

LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR NEW YEAR GIFTS, AT YE "SIGN OF YE GLOVE," KEPT BY YE FAMOUS GLOVERS, MILLINERS, AND FANCY DRAPERS. HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, 25 & 25A, CHURCH STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL. In honour of the unique historic event—FATHER CHRISTMAS'S last appearance this Century— !ammo. HENRY MILES a CO., have provided, a MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION of the LATEST NOVELTIES, suitable for Seasonable Gifts pleasing to Young and Old, "Gentle and Simple." Although Father Christmas, like the German Emperor, is pre- vented by previous engagements from attending in person, this foreseen fact will not lessen the number or attractiveness of the Special Bargains which, with Santa Claus-like goodwill, have been poured into every Department. USEFUL PRESENTS. GLOVES Fos LADIES, GENTLEMEN AND CHILDREN. .s.ADIES' SEAMLESS KID AND SUEDE GLOVES. A SPECIALITY AT 3s lld PER PAIR. THE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE STOCK OF GLOVES IN LIVERPOOL. POPULAR PRICES. HIGH-CLASS MILLINERY, FURS, HOSIERY, RIBBONS, LADIES' BELTS. GARTERS, SLIPPERS, COMBS, FANS, LEATHER GOODS. BAGS, PURSES. COMPANIONS, CHATELAINES, EMBROIDERIES, SACHETS, SILK SQUARES, HANDKERCHIEFS, UMBRELLAS, FANCY GOODS, ROLLED GOLD JEWELLERY, SMALLWA RES. PERFUMERY, MADE-UP LACE GOODS, LADIES' UNDER-CLOTHING, DRESSING AND TEA GOWNS, AND JACKETS, SHIRTS AND BLOUSES, CORSETS, SKIRTS, APRONS, CAPS, WRAPS, STOCKINETTE UNDERWEAR, BABY- LINEN, CHILDREN'S PELISSES, COATS AND PINAFORES. as., AT HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH-STREET, "THE SIGN OF TELE GLOVE." (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 7385.

W. HODGEINSON, LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING SOME VERY HANDSOME MBES FOR EVENING WEAR IN SEQUIN, EMBROIDERED NET, AND LACE. ALSO SEVERAL SMART MODELS IN BLOUSES, LACE AND MUSLIN DINNER BODICES. AND A FINE COLLECTION OF LACES. A VISIT WILL BE ESTEEMED. 46 AND 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S ro wDE EATEN GS PO W D R. tKills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. ;Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NSW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1p NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) sold in Tins, 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

THE MOST USEFUL PRESENT Eon CHRISTMAS on NEW YEAR is A RAINPROOF COAT, AS SUPPLIED BY 0. JACKSON HOLMES, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

YOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFEE SETS Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN REARS first-class quality. J. AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKETS, PM. RE-GILT, from 6d.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DoN'Y FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY, ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. A. LESLIE, COMPLETE HOUSE FURNIS HER AND IRONMONGER, &a_ " PI:MENU HOUSE,' au, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. FURNITURE, CARPETS, LINOLEUILS, OILCLOTHS, &C. &C. OF RVBRYIDESCRIPTION. 67 AND 89, MERSEY-STREET.

MR. R. C. NU ['TER. AUCTIONEER, LICENSED VALUER AND BUSINESS TRANSFER AGENT. STOCKS VALUED, BUSINESSES TRANSFERRED. AUCTION SALES ARRANGED, TOWN OR COUNTRY. If you with to SELL or BUY A BUSINESS, write or cal on Mr. NUTTER, 45, MARKET-STEET, MANCHESTER I quick sale guaranteed. (Established 30 years). I Ms. NUTTER, has the following Businesses for sale. HAY CORN AND PROVENDER TRADE, £3,750 Yearly 21,400. CYCLE AND MOTOR Profits £740 Yearly £2,500. MORECAMBE. CONFECTIONERY AND APARTMENT HOUSE, £B5O. , FULLY LICENSED PUBLIC, £4B weekly £675. CHESHIRE. £275. VILLAGE PUBLIC TRADE, £23 Weekly SOUTHPORT. CAB and COACHING, Clearing £3OO Yearly £1,500. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £4O Weekly £230. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY witle brisk TRADE, £2,100 Yearly £3OO. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £l6 Weekly £l3O. SONTHPORT, CYCLE and MOTOR Business, £3OO All. BEERHOUSE TRADE, 7 Barrels Weekly. £2OO. BEERHOUSE TRADE, 4 Barrels Weekly, £llO. BEER AND WHIE HOUSE TRADE, 4 Barrels Weekly, 250. STATIONERY and FANCY TRADE, £l2 Weekly £l5O. STATIONERY NEWS, and FANCY TRADE, £l2 Weekly 2130. TOBACCO and NEWS TRADE, £lO Weekly £75. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY. NICE TRADE. £5O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £7 Weekly £9o.' OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE. £l6 Weekly £l3O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £25 Weekly £2OO FRUIT and FISH TRADE, £5O Weekly £l5O. FRUIT and FISH TRADE, £25 Weekly £5O, COAL BUSINESS TRADE, 17 tons Weekly, Horse and Cart £6O. MILK BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after expenses, £225, MILK BUSINESS, Pony and Float, nice Trade, £7O. MILK BUSINESS, Pony and Float, 40 dozen Weekly, 4255. CAB AND COACHING BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after Expenses, £250. FRIED FISH and CHIP TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. PRIED FISH and CHIP TRADE, £8 Weekly £so* £2OO. RESTAURANT CITY, Clearing £6 Weekly after Expenses DINING-200M and CONFECTIONERY, NICE TRADE. £6O. GROCERY and CONFECTIONERY TRADE, £lB Weekly (Rochdale) £l2O. SWEETS, TOYS and MINERALS TRADE, £7 Weekly I £6O. DINING ROOMS and CONFECTIONERY (City) £5O. HAND LAUNDRY TRADE. £2O Weekly £220, STEAM LAUNDRY, Large Plant, First Class TRADE, £350. STEAM LAUNDRY, Large TRADE. Modern Plant. £5OO. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. COAL and HERBALIST Business 6 Tons Weekly good Herbalist TRADE, £5O. COAL CARRYING WAGGONETTE Business Profits. £5 Weekly after expenditure £3OO OUTFITTING BUSINESS TRADE, £7 Weekly (Main Road) £5O. STATIONERY, BOOKS. FANCY GOODS TRADE, £l,OOO per Annum £4OO. STATIONERY, NEWS and FANCY GOODS TRADE, £22 Weekly £260. MR. BUTTER. 45, MARKET St., only sells Genuine Con- cerns. All Busineasea Guaranteed.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BASK-STREET. V/ ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. inspection Invited. Furniture. &c., warehoused. TOBACCO, VIGAR 1 kJitIARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HAUGRANTES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 61 Years

To WLE'S CHLORODYNR Renowned for cr et COUGHS, _L 0 W LE'S . UHLORODYNE Consumption. r / i BEONOHITIS. .L OWLE S IL/ HLORODYNE 1 Asthma, INFLUENZA* TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE DlSAParitiA. -L ru 0 W LE'S C HLORODYNE doses for.2s, ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER. ___

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LEECH BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS, .5;c., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF: GENUINE CASH BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS Cloaks and Bronzes 25 p.e. die. Gas Fittings Marble Mantelpieces Grates, Hauges, Tiled Hearths lO „ „ Furnishing Ironmongery lO NEW YEAR PRESENTS. CUTLERY, PLATE, TONGS, COALBOXES, ART METAL WORK, E 40., GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH BROS. & Co., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE. MANCHESTER.

• THE SAFEST 'MEDICINE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND. SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, Lose OF APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DESPEPSLA, HEART- BURN, LOWNESS OF e.pIRVIS, GIDDINESS, & . AS A ORNERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. &OTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in their curative effects. They give at healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. COTT'S PILLS DR. S Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead.but insist uponihaving the right thing,which is wrapped In a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINEU, JANUARY 4th 1901.

6 ....___ ./.. .. , , ..;se.Z.,,LL::"-tr:;.:L.Zr —...4.2,4.1.1.;41...- ,*( VICVMszaeliff...........l.OOllllWDllW t• ' it Every man who reads these lines wastes -al i • ?,,, in trifles, without noticing it, more thaii 13* ~..7.1.,.4.:7,1,i • 'S. c>,104:, 1, -lA' "T 4-7" V world. " Tuppence " a day; what is it? ;'' A \\• 111,,, .ifs'‘:l' 2; ''4 ' ' :', , , - 4 Well, it's 55. a month, and ten monthly payments of 55. are the .c terms on which J. G. Graves supplies the world-famed ';'•!, """:"..... :\di • : ,--' - : ...c., • Express" (ilegd) English LOVER", £2. 1013. Od. . ', ,eb , •-" • \ . , direct from the warehouse to the wearer. • ~ . t.:. 47 - : `-, ..1 . *6\ Ak, ~,, ~, .• •, . ',--, 1, , 'ii - The TERgs. You send ss. to start with. This splendid timekeeper 14414i,\,`,.. , - ;•:: , ~ •„, is then forwarded to you. You then examine and test •,F,,,, 4, 4copt 1• ~., it and if , you are satisfied you complete the purchase in nine more i •••"1 "e'l i ji:::: •4‘ ''''' 0 monthly payments of the same amount. It you are dissatisfied ••I' ...•-•• • -:, i --1 ;-. ~...iilt't - send it back, and your deposit is instantly returned Ili FULL. •...* .- # ..4 ... i •,_ Pr' - The Largest Watch Sales Firm in the World. ~ • , \ 41:kyi i'l, r V 1, 1 ' 0 Our new Catalogue of Watches, Jewellery, Clocks, Cutlery and ', ~ ‘ 1 '''?'/ •/,/, 01 v;^'? it r 1 ~c, ~ c,,,,/,,, ~.., Plate, Workmen's Tools, &c., is sent Post Free to you on application. ' 1,4h,„...,.....z........, i/ 'As i/ 141, , : ..k, - Young men wanted to represent us in their spare time. Good '•,;,,-. \.,\., I .„,/, i /,..,, - 0 a (.11,1.10t s'\ commission. Write for terms and particulars. fft ~ •„„ J. EL CRAVES, 161 ENVISION STREET, SHEFFIELD. .......4- ' t ~.,, . ~.. ~•-•Y•4atog va• ~..-,-. '-. - , . .-,.'FPW'i-t...,.., „,,fr-'4..,:,. ~,,,,,,, ..lior', As , , ~...“-',4r,„,, . .:Ar-'444,,,, ,‘ ~4„,,v,," -.•.;,,,1,,,„ ,

- 1 ' LORD St LIVERPOOL. ,/... ..:.,,ATA L.O C.I) -- E ' F REE- ..,Ath. , - The Rugby King Ball, Pick-me-up King Ball. 95. 6d. 10. 61. Three quarter ... Is. 61. F.H.B. Rugby Match be. Rugby Jerseys, Boys' 81. 33., Men's lle. to 63e Dozen. The Featherweight Root 75. lid. 10e. 6d. BOOTS. Scott League BM Cess 7s. 11d. Klynker 6s. 63. Marvel KNICKHRS,Navy or Whlte,le. 63. ls. Ild, 2s 63 3. 6d, SHIN-QUARDS, 100., is. 6d., is, lid., 25.6 d. ) 0 viv \ \ \ uz, •-," r \\\\ s ~ • , mr—. 4. ....----774111111P1F , - ,

SOFT FAIR SKIN Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur. ed to those Ladies who use Ifiowla‘ K LYBOR which removes Redness, Roughness, and silent. aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes 2s. 3d. & 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

Cough after ~-.:....1nt1(f0'00

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume .worse forms ; Fist,la may follow. KEUTY'S CURE Is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, end bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion. Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you, price Is. lid. Sold by all Chemists and Stores. Postipaid from K EUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

~

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can to peer ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Bitten, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, ileisby. Daresbury, and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Beweey, Grappenhall, Heatloy Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield. Stock- port, Buxton, Yorishire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales. and Foreign. and St. Helene 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, a‘d the Isle Ma a.m,—Manohester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wale% and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, ootiand, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birk enhead, , Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire I 1-25 p.m.—Ohester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewabur I North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpoll, Southoort, Ormskirk, Bath, P °riot Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manch este S-East Lancashire. and Scotland -0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Live. pool, Southport, Birkenhead, I7orthwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodshant, Frodsharn Bridge, Heisby, Whines, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willttwe, Manchester 3-0 p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey 3.15 p,m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Heatley • 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-15 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland, Liverpool, Birkenhead Ormsk'rk, Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 pm—London. Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m.. 12 noon, 3-45 p m., and 6-15 p.m. except on Thursthys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery Is suspended. EARLESIOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... Migh-at„ Newton POSTMASTER Mr. Jame a Jordan Ho frs of (Week-days. 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1 Stmdays Ito 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-43 p.m. The TelenTaph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8 ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 Pall. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30,and 3.30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posced with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp; Ordinary MAILS. I - Postage. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S „Ili Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockpori, ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mall. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

• CLARIIM'S II 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eit sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from Da Urinary frgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Establlshaff upwards of 30 years. In boxes 45. 6cl sell, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough nt the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The I biota°. and Midland Counties Drug Company. Linea Advt. FLORILINE THE TEETH AND BREATEL—Thorotaghl y Y. elaingdhtful gives fragrance cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, s o he htardten theeethguampsee, upirifterv‘pnetasrlytawrthairiensetosspsandaez to the breath. Price 9..5. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florillue • Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. A d VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAnt,—lf your hair Is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per bottle. dvt•

, • 0,, , iv..04,1:1 • R,.. '4 e•'; ...,'-,,,„ ..-,i.,,, ~. )4,..,i' '''Y •ti"4",w;.% i'.1.,,iii.7 ' 40It'i , . ' '4" s`,,,i,ss ,rO,. 4,', 1' • ''' ' 'lt." 1 il." .4, : ~,:,.., , 1,,4 ,-,,',:,:' ',..34, .k.-; fL4t,;(4,, I? , ~.... 440, ...„.. , .... ~ .... „.. ~..7... k ,5.*71t,',..'.41 A :', •'.. • 'f . • '4,,, SPCI FIC ..,:w . , E f,..r.,•4 ~ i., ' -"',,ir ' "J';:',, 4; r•., , - ''.. ''' 'g?.' '' e .', ~!ffo "3, 4 ',*.,,,,, f--- • -, . ..: _. • .„,_,. a tr. i.:::'''' lk; 'AV, •••'1••' 704 e. •-,„ V. !„ kis, ‘l4•-A -z "iit- t ..4414i4 cfs .0 1„,,t,,,,, - , AS A WINTER MEDICINE ARE UNEQUALLED

THE ORIGIN OF BILE BEANS In all parts of the world, BILE BEANS FOE BlLloneNasa have earned for themselves by their unequalled excellence, a reputation which places them to-day far in advance of any other similar preparation. This specific is not a carelessly prepared nostrum ; on the contrary, it is the result of long and thoughtful research an the part of an Australian Chemist, who after years of study discovered a natural vegetable substance which after farther study he succeeded in compoun ding with other ingredients, so that its effect on the digestive organism of the human system Is identioll with that of the natural bile created by the liver. Find- ag this, then, to be the most cathartic obtainable, the public rapidly accepted it in prefereece to all others, And consequently the old methods of starving and the use of pepsin and bismuth sank into insignificance and oblivion. Acting on the bowels in a gentle manner, Bile Beans do not weaken or in any way distress the Patient. This Is a point in which they differ materially from nearly all laxative remedies sold to-day, as the latter usually act in a violent manner, weakening the patient and In many cases doing more harm than good. Bile beans have been aptly termed "a medicine for the people at a popular price." Many wonder how this remedy can have the great virtue that we claim for it and still be sold at so reasonable a prise ; yet the solu- tion is simple. Millions and millions of Bile Beans are consumed annually (a fact that in itself is of positive proof that the warld's inhabitants know how to appreciate a really genuine remedy) and that they have found that remedy In Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness.

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM. 1 .. • . - FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. 'Pte. 1 Sept. Por Apt 1 Barrow home 10 5 8 Swinton away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov. 3 Stockport sway 5 0 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 5 24 Saltord away 10 11 Dec. 1 Barrow ' away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Lancashire Cheshire 0 30 15 Stockport home 17 2 22 Wigan away 5 0 28 Warrington away 2 0 29 Leigh home 15 0 1901. Jan. 1 Birkenhead Wanderers home 19 3 5 Rochdale Hornets away 12 Millom home 19 Leigh away 28 Salford home Feb. 2 Swinton home 9 Broughton Rangers away 16 St. Helens home 23 Oldham away Mar, 2 Cup tie 9 Cup tie 23 Cup tie 30 Cup tie Apl. 5 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes home

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, \VIM a prudent use, has saved, many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such a: COCKLe..;ThS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, bu! COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. t 4,, Las FREE r ROM MERCUR'L ' NTIBILIOUS p „ OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. -I is For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Brc

D .9 wonderfulTi;4os i, Awßairmotens and preserves the lo f ert of er Pleasant odour, allows polish. hag with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION RIMIEST • uti AWARDS. Tins 2d.. 6d., V. 67. 216 of Boot • in Zac.ker ;11/s‘ciaddnu,arcsiorlyr"7"):=ir London.

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Supply to Country 17)ansions, hotels, and Public Buildings, C. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, W.C. WORKS : GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

FOR THE BLOOD f.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-RmEo BLOOD MIXTURE, THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Migure It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This Is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend It o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Maxi Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvallous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and ne, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless Imtations.

reoulad•AMl NCERTIPIASI bees sane, imish, and most reliable made by the 81111?lNAL INVENTORS and PATENTEES, WHEATSTONE &Co., LONDON,W.) TO ai RAD PROSI ALL DEALERS. Wheat/IRO/WS ve also the largest publishers of Concertina ) Music in the World. New 3t-page Catalogue post free for two stamps from 20, C0ndu1tZ:zt.:Z!..d.:4X:,...,..1

1 ' IAKE •:. ''''''..7 --, ~ iNSEED --ft-4-e a ; *.e I ;ie..", I, .••,r." . 'r: ... hOllll '-' I.,krti, ' .N.;. oFixicy eorfir_ ; t f:is4.: ;L.s 65sence Lase' e' IS'' '' . ---e0 CMS V I' .... ~.,, ~- :. ovieoLps 1477: r ~`Ti l ' ASTHMA &BROINChITIS, iift.,',t' ' ------ .._ 35 •YeA:FtS • -C.: '..,' ---- -..--41-'ROyEN EFFICACY• ------. , - -- AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REHE-DY'-'4, I.OOSENS'.PHLEGM. Al, • ALLAYsl,cougo,:n .. - GIVES IMMEDIATE'RELIEP...4*,..,._IF‘, ii—s, •:.• 4 ,p...; tori

p _ PI go it f 72 n , .04p 4:1 i 1 i',,,,i CURES BRONCHITIS, IiSTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat:'Quinity, • CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, e&o. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Brarnirts, 13Larns, Scrziciss 0611011 EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Sanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and so!d by all Chemists and It °Mein° Vendors . , .

1-1- o , 6 .aapost, 0 THE "REFEREE" SHIN GUARDS. THE " HOLSIORBI" 0 0 016 lO/6 (All g. a.' rds strapped across.) 6/Q 0 ~ , , c, 613 0 ~,...- ''''. - 0 ,ii,,.,..0 ..??4, _ ~, ,i•', I '' lit ) '' %" - - . - - t.. - ...,-......5.... ..: 44..:: r-'-' ,-.2'.' '. •.',.. ! - -. Also q.4.ri , :11 Di -...4,2,,, Also sur nI: n n.rn w.l ' 'Also 8 ,:,...'. . . Also,, , 11. v LOVIlli . 0 „ ,•:,- -,-..' 11.,»..-:„.. I , „ i't Rugby ' -', , . ' - Rugby 0 r ' , Ai ' • i Vilth a ~ :;1/20a,..--1. -440• No. ' 1. Strong linen canvas. cane- A strong serviceable ball, stout cow-bide Perfect in shape. Welted seams. protected, with continuou" hand-sewn cases, complete with best rubber Waterproof. straps and buak.les _SO. btadder. 2 . Leather _ ... ... 1.1- N 0.3 Size 410 INo 5 (mech size) 818 Every section stretched and 3. Leather, lined chamois ... lie ~ 4 ~ hammered. 4. Tan Cape, lined chamois 219 ::: ::: 5/8 ~.C. size- ... ." 7/3 e. Shin LOU Ankle Guards, from 2/- Postage 4d. In each case. ? Price 10 ,0 post free. Postage 2d. For other qua!it les see ITst. FOOTBALL BOOTS. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) 0 .i. HOCKEY STICKS: 1 The r./ ' „:; --' '', • . .‘ Regril,stion Ash, plitin ---.1 "GAMEICK" Easy, Pliable.- ''';',, ,Y'''''--.:.' '''.' ''' ,' vlik . ~.. .;411."giee;111,11tt.-47:ra / • Ensures a ' - ,:, .c:- ;-, ',.i-`,:ij-Y IP., Regulation Ash, / firm grip and ~.,,,, ~:.,,4„.-:,__.14•,,.,.;,HV„,.,f,,, , .(00, Wont:VA/it:11;11W c 4N44 r,' • greatas-eri I'ZZ. '')':-; ..::;.:•':7,, ''.7 : -.1-. -..;. .i At': ? !?0:,-"M. • . ' we . 1 . \ : t 4* MRusset Calf, Strong genii,, s m tea tarred, wood pegs ... 331- en' 5. 8111 Data, with iron pegs and steel rope .- .. 351- Youths' .'7/11 Very Stout Hemp cord, steam tarred, with Best qua.lity IP ' Ce , 0 Best Ash all , 4. wood pegs ... .- a` Clt to order, Ditto, with iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 431 -- 12115 Special cheap line, with ash pegs and strong Polished, equal o any club in the• ".„. /, Na Scotch '-.-- \\-4111°.‘ Chrome, \_ guaranteed t FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. -- Price, 416 Men's, 86. Leather Ear Guards, 1/10. Cape, 218. Postage 3d. .................. Do., with cork grip ... -. ... el - • - 1003, 3.2/6, Football tioals, from 121- per set. Carriage extra. 00., cone awl rill,bor handle,rl The "UNIVERSAL." Boundary Sucks, with nags, 121- per doz. Carriage rheßamaila"C9Bmolon - MeTI.S, 6111; Boys'. 4,11 extra. each. ii.)z The " FORWARDS," extra light, Football Flags (any colour), 4/8 & 6/8 doz. Post. 31. Bent Ash ... ... ... 4(1. .... 789 ' Chrome, 8111 Brass Inflators, from 10(d. Postage 3d. and ed. „ Oak ... -, ... 6d. ... 4'B Postage, bl lei-, ed. extra. Strong Web Foot ball Belts' with double straps and ~" (extra stout) - ... 'Ti- resbuckles, toil Postage on single stick, 3d.' FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. FOOTBALL KNICKERS. FOOTBALL 271..„„r• All colours and 'IV) • . combination of (Wide legs.) _ _1^44,,,F4:4, • ~, t- (. i Men's, -41-illwassmaia. White Boys' 3d. less. Special designs , . Flannelette- ,9\ Plain colours. `,,,,, .' 4 Strong Buckeskiti, - whit , 1110 '."--,.7.,.. \ ..,-...7i,5-N-7‘.7.c.-. S wan sd own , 1;2 S- ~ . ,-,\S''''''',,,, .- .! ''''' "- - - ~. : White Lambeth" P 2110 ,- , Navy Blue strong COloUr3, Serge. 1,4, 1 fn. or 2 in. 1110, 2/11, 3111 -... Halves revers'd tripe- All Wool. extra S - '''' J,EiillinS.E.YS. , . . ,.) 2& 4 in. stripe a \,, I. ~,X.,,, s tlilalll.Y. gam, lrs' Cheat 94 26 24 ://. .../ it 36 1 • --.. Waistbands,s/11 2/- 212 Me 2,6 2 a silo 3 - Best All Wool, plain colours or halves ,- \ ,- ',. , White Flannel,3lll 2,3 2,6 Stout Thread Rugby Jerseys. with line, reversed, 519. II& • . •%:•.: '' Extra strong, 5/11 collars. White, 3/0; Slack or Nh v 3-, 24, - Postage on single shirt, 35. Postage 34. pair, a pairs 4d. Other dAqh.rns 0ti0,,l 1.. r. • ".. ue, Post Free. Orders Over 101- Carriage Paid (Unless otherwisq s• 7: , Ltd., HOLESCOXI.-

r VVVVVVVV<Wvi/WWV'W.‘ Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79 ,

DR. DE. ROOS' ICOMPOUND RENAL PILLS to justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains In the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DB ROW, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9,1. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprie tors Holford House, Holford-snuare, London, W.O.

THELWANT OF THE DAY. MAKES STARCHED LINELLIKE NEW. THE GREATEST CR I'TC LEX s fered tirtOhNe L.:uvnerdreosfe for imparting an Ivory finish to Starched • Linen. Laces, etc. & • does not stick to spider- , web - like materials. SIARcH, 0-LOSS, Ownancetel.triuesded ailnwatlise -Royal Laundries, Should he used in every house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packet s, at 3d-, and ed. Prepared only T. CBITCILLEY, Blaclthurn.

Made in Swit z er land . lo pins os projections to time sheets. Sweetest ill tone and best in quality- A sped- o silty. 13ritizh made cases. STELLA' MUSICAL BOX To be had of jewellers and music- sellers. Sole wholesale agent tor Great Britain, Alfred Geater, 105 St. _ .. John Street Road, E.C., late A. Pail- • - lard, 28 Berner Street, London, W.

Fro 4 7. TS 4 °, il• - no s , fl DE • From tiim and dote el ',verb.* Ste teas& rt ham cured FY:MIAMI:X:IM the ..ery ',rat ease. of Yptlepay when every other remedy bad failed. Pik, 4a. t3d. and lls., Poet Free. Thousands nf Testimonials. 6,4 for a Free Sample Barter, out test a. Nitirlie to—alepartreent 7.1 A. W. 14114C1-3CDZ.T.., Pharmaceutics.] Chemist. 25, }fish Street, Belratt.

Ernic&-on three Ahetracte of accounte of the Union for 1845-6 Toev slryved tot mach progreis hid been made SiaC9 then in adminiitering relief. re docurneate were t'on hml,d round. Mr. HOLTG3TOST sd hie only object ire bringing the dommente wee to give inform etion to the mmthers. Toe Bard then rose:

J. Alip W. DUTTON'S ANNUAL WINTER SALE COMMENCES MONDAY, JANUARY 7TEI, AND WILL BE CONTINUED UNTIL END' OF MONTH. J. AND W. DUTTON. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

WILL Lin YOU OFF THE EARTH, ALF TAYLOR'S, WONDERFUL BO )TB. MADE TO FIT, AND FIT TO WEAR BY EVERYBODY EVERYWHERE, 45, HORSEMARKET ISTREET, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSUAN.

THE TALE • OF THE CENTURY! SILAS K. HOCKING'S 'SEW SERIAL STORY, I " RUBY LOVEDAY," COMMENCES fl TO-DAY'S "EXAMINER," " &BY LOVEDAY," BY SILAS K. HOCKING.

HAVE YOU A -BAD LEG WrITH wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhap surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that v,beis you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the int- oression P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the Joints being ulcerated : the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. Ton may have Mended various hospitals and had medical advice, and been told your case!, hopeless, or advised to submit to am. putation ; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I wri.L. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a,Postal Order for Is. Eld. to C. W. ALBRRT, 73, FARRINGDON-EITREETs Lownow, and you will receive a boa of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Rome maids' Knee, Ulcerated joints, Carbuncles, Potmel Rand 13 unions. Registered Copyright.)
