===== 0002601_19011220_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS' BOOTS ! ! BOOTS!!! euviria UP BUSINESS. LEANXNG THE PREMISES.

LARGE STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES TO BE SOLD AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ALSO TWO BOOT MACHINES, and a quantity of Iron Taste, with Knives to match. No reasonable offer refused. Must be sold. LAMBERT'S BOOT STORES, MARKET PLACE, EARLESTOWN. SHOP TO BE LET.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.-

===== 0002601_19011220_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Iv. Beßhpuor Church-street, r:s ,tr A. AND j • MI B 'LAINE, PAwNROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMkTHS, 17,, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, sy Of t. and every e ' One minute's walk hi.;n i Ln:Peirt- tre G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable eet. I. description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, &a.. Sm., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARgAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S 1 RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac . Ice 1 We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES 13Y YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of 1 all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all 1 Pockets. I M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND O ,_^, fREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
-DOME'S HERBAL EMBROCAIION.

ROOHWS HERBAL EMBROCATION.

V H ROYAL MAILAsTREAmLBRIBN. LIVERPOOL to NBW YORK via Queenstown. CYMRIC Wed., Dec. 25 1 GBI,M ANIC... Wed., Jan. 8 TEUTONIC ,Wed., Jan. 1 1 MAIO Wed., Jan 15 Third Class passanae at low rates Including Outat free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to lems.v. LAIRIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockapur treet, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London, %C.,

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for pIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT, AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS

_ makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy. even In Piano selling. Plain, clean. honest • methods are what the public "tie to," and these I you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE PIANO-SMITH IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITti for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERUS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ~ Is. Od. TILL PAID FOR.

Every.lnetrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to

any art of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY. TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 23 years, and My goods are well known for 50 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITE!. S MITH, 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST-OLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS.

BRANCHES AT LEIGH: 35, Railway-road, ST. HELENS 99, Corporation-street.

JOHN EASON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN RITSON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and, 28 years as Foreman Polisher.

PRIV•TE ADDRE39 :-19, THYNNE-31.1111HT.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
tHlPPssuiaLit MatluGA.Nl oVsic

.17s. --67117-i3-E;.

£2

---L6 1.0 ALL erase 13111.16111A.0. Lull size, aft. 61n. S. by 6ft. 6ine. ; 2-inch pillars; a bargain. Uenal nrici.EB 15.

10s. U. lti;jeusTz:(3 6tllinHuYirce"2l:ll;;Otiklak‘bank- rupt stock ; clearing them out at 10s 6rl each. - -

184. 66. (iiVAtt ase•ire°q uNat stotinn.swlcsa.l) and WOOL " ',RD, 4fl ,fitted

Walnut wood blDHBOAlsii, 4ft. long.a. S. with two cupboards and two drawers ; bevelled glass back support, with massive pillars and brackets ;a bargain.

:121

===== 0002601_19011220_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
IC GUIN- -1 ' Wears still offniini PIANOVOIITE, n walnut 11M ---

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW HILLS. TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY;

• S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON!

===== 0002601_19011220_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

MOSLEY-STREE (Telephone 1660)

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELEN --GEOEGE-STRE MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. 4 SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON SANK E WEDNESD AY, 2 to 5.

7-STRESei

===== 0002601_19011220_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN 31, BRIDGE-STRERf; iii-ifiAY, 2 to 5.

NORTRIVICH_ la APPLEMARKET-STRE FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 tO5.

ILLUMINATED ADDRESse.S, DIE-STAMPING Vac-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, pans, quart titles &c., copied and lithographed.—Baoogs AND SJN, Law Stationersll, Queen-street, Warringtoa.

ANT• G. DOWLING, 11.

ESTATE, INSITRANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21. Ellesmere-road, Stockton Hea.n.

PENDLEBURT AND COMPANY,

12 ry, 14, WIN WICK STREET,

===== 0002601_19011220_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SrfiCIAL CONSIGNEIENT OF

SPRING ROCKING CHAIRS,

===== 0002601_19011220_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUSSELS CARPEL EAII3OSSED VELVET,

SIDPILEBAGS, ETC.

BABY CHAIRS IN GREAT

SRN OITH WINDOWS THIS WEEK.

Tip 'WITP4 SPECIAL _DARGAINS

..

===== 0002601_19011220_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE CHRISTMAS TRADE.

411*,1 PENDLEBITRY AND kJOMPANY,

(NFAIt CENTRAL STATION)

WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL Snow

OF

PICTURES AND FANCY GOODS,

FOR CHRISTMAS.

PENDLEBURY AND CO.

U MBRELL AS ! UMBRELLAS J ! TRH LATBST ROVE TIM BUITABLB YOB PRHSEII2::

LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS IME.BEELLAS AND SUNSHADES EIfuJITHEED ng HALT AN HOUR FROM Ss. 6D, T. BRIEELEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD

SUPPLY BUXTON LIXB PROM THE QUAB.RIBS OF THE ' BUE:TON LIME FIRMS. LIMITED. ° SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS,', COLLIERY AGENTS BIORERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHABF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Offloe 3 !Larson Street. Warrington

JOSEPH WOODWARD, 41 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, EMBRY-STREET, WARRINGTON Repairs to Propertypnetnarattended to.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVEE on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 TEARS Guarantee Certificate with each or these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Oases from 355. Hunters from £2 12a O. Liverpool Agent: R BERENS, 15 & 16. ST JOHN'S LANE. LIVERPOOL. CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and -filled at Lowest Prices Current.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN 1 ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, &c.,1 itc.. GO TO WILLIAM. TODD, 41 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD bTREBT). LivEßPoor

IL INGRAM AND COMPANY: 72, SANKEY STREET, IWARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS

RR-UPHOLSTRRING OR RR-SATING SHOULD WRITE TO

LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TECEPHoNE 4853. ESTINUTES FREE ANv ISUNCE. BAR TABLES, 00UNTEL9 . FITTINGS &a. ;In

11WM11

oiMP

I

1 1

I

===== 0002601_19011220_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DRAB. Nras.zz,

The increasing price of furs obliges many to forego them altogether because really good fur commands now a very high price. There is an increasing predilection for taffetas or gauze ruffles, some of which are plain, whilst others are just hemmed with fur. Some of these ruffles are trimmed with brown or grey marabout, which gives a light and fluffy effect; the muff must, of course, be en suite. New and dainty muffs are formed, frills and all, of closely-set violets, which look like gauged velvet at a little distance, with a big bow of purple velvet, fixed with the green leaves, in the centre.

Fur is applied to every possible garment in season, ermine being the favourite of the hour. Tea-gowns and matinee gowns are lined with it, and even white silk or satin petticoats, to within a few inches of the waist, whence stcckingette replacn it, to prevent thickness round the hips. Ermine is also applied to many theatre blouses with good results, especially when worn with a black tulle or chiffon toque with white aigrette. A charming example had the yoke, top part of the sleeves, pinafore-front, and back of the blouse in ermine, whilst at the sides peeped through nzi under-bodice of cream woollen guipure, picked out with silver paillettes, mounted over ivory satin ; the puffed gauntlets to the wrist were to match, whilst the collar-band of guipure was con- tinued into a jabot of lace, terminating in a knot at the left of the yoke, together with a large _rick pink rose.

dinner gown is of black silk witl of pale blue velvet inserted and partly hidden by a herringbone stitching of black silk. Very fine tucks intervene between the bands of velvet on -both bodice and skirt, the latter being fitted to the figure with narrow tucks below the waist. The band below the yoke of jet and steel embroidery is fined with blue velvet, and also the one on the skirt that heads the tucked and frilled and lace ,trimmed silk flounce. The yoke and under. sleeves are in embroidered net. The sleeves them- sselves are in jet and steel embroidery over tucked black silk. A very graceful evening gown is made .of cri'-pe•de-chine in the brightest tone of pale reddish mauve, the skirt pleated and trimmed with graduated band of creamy lace insertion. A fichu in jewelled lace is folded on the shoulders and the sleeves are finished with bands of Qinailar lace.

A pretty fancy is the bolero of flowers tor even- ing wear, formed of a light tracery or network of flowers, small flowers, such as miniature roses or violets, for preference, edged with a ruching of leaves. It demands a light airy fabric, such °as tulle or mousseline, for its proper complement, and a slim and youthful wearer : than the effect is charming. Some evening boleros are composed of laee or chiffon, covered with a floral applique in painted mousseliue or crepe flowers, raised and padded in relief, and united by stems and leaves in floss silk or chenille. These fairy-like boleros are in great demand for evening wear, but they are all of the lightest and most transparent character, and those of embroidery, lace, and applique are in far better style than the tasteless heavy sequined and jetted ones. Children's fashions are not liable to the storm

and stress that agitate their elders' toillettes. For party occasions this year, just as last, soft silk with lace insertions for wee girls and riflg. spotted net for lassies over 10 or 11 are ordered. To show little white silk mittens on soft pink hands and arms, sleeves are cut sometimes to three. quarter length. For a dhildren's fancy-dress dance is, moreover, a comparathaly easy task to contrive a costume which shall be, net only effec- tive, but inexpensive; at any rate, so far as girls are concerned. Boys' fancy dresses, it must be admitted, present rather more difficulties. Flower dresses are, perhaps, the easiest of all to manage, and, although somewhat hackneyed, they are always pretty. For the frock is made with a short. frilled skirt of gauze or soft muslin of the colour of the flower chosen, a corselet of pale green velvet or satin trimmed with flowers, and a gauze chemisette and short sleeves. On the head may be worn either a quaint little cap in the shape of a gigantic blossom, or a picturesque hat wreathed with flowers. This general idea may be varied in detail.

Your loving, JENNIE.

To CLEAN MARBLE WASTISTANDS.—Take two of washing soda, one of powdered pumice-stone, and one of powdered chalk. Pound together, and then pass through a sieve. Take some of the powder and make it into a paste with cold water, rub it well over the surface of the marble, and, when all stains are removed, wash off with soap snd water.

There is Security in f 3 rep, on thc toothbre.3s •yery nsorrdne GARTER'S I rc ITTLE • ~... IVER Small PLIL of PILLS 88.7.u"p1):15. sozoDONT Will Sweeten tho Breath all day. and make all the diderencn bs. 'Absolutely cure Sick Headache, tween— Siliousnese. Torpid Liver, luck. Coo 4 Teeth and Bad Teeth. Bestion, Constipation, DirrinesS. 'Mite Ttl v.l Yellow Teeth. tur:erd Tongue. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Toed' Gimplete Toilet '-se, stbsiurisq aro Lisa!: S. intdh Pow,ler. a,4.

ei ; 1 , .. . , i 1 (. t,2 , 1 , , i I , 1. 1 i 1, : 1: i , f• t 1 „ • ~ , i ) V ! i , f,I. I 1 ; .1I , t 1 I 1 I ' , , 1 i I I . i !I v . 3.' , 1 11: 1 v I , 1 ' 1 ! , I ' 1 I , , I t $ i . 1 1 , 'e t I „ 1 ,1 ; • , 1 11 , , 3 ; \ I ) . ' I 1 k i ' k , . i':' ' 4 ~. , , ____

"4.• •• 611 • .• ,Atz. - _ : _

111217 V ' -.• . , \ . 0 8 . . , . \ 1 c:tiii ii A, : '-i.'-- h p -'.41,h.‘ --' • b., Az•OW' -\‘ .1 - 6 i, ~ • ~.--...:-.. '..ii i ••,/,, . . ii. ~/, \ - ,If,, t,Y .4 A charming dir lines - '

.. '.' -:, ~ist ' • ° Q#1.16447;' , t / ,t e......„... .. . i . -,-- ~ ~ 0,!, • VA (/ '',[,l'/„"';',',llif, ~,/ i„, ,A,,i) .....2..... , / ~ • . . •.•:„.„..,., ,/,,.= ~ it, ' e ', ;,. , ~ , ... _....

===== 0002601_19011220_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
c ,'S pA.T.NT SELF-P A 'SING FLOUR nrAITLIN THE EXAMINER. FR11) V OFCEMBER 20.

WOMEN'S CHAI.

AB persons who are expected to render certain duties 1 or services at the Coronation, are warned in the King's I Proclamation that they must not at their peril, tail to attend, unless they obtain special leave of absence. No doubt in medireval times, their estates would have been 11 forfeit(d, but the present warning seems a little super- fluotia, to judge by the anxiety of all sorts of people to , fulfil some of the other ancient offices, in connection with the " Said Solemnity." Undeterred by the decision of the Court of Claims, ' not to allow appeals,w hen there was no duty to perform, many have been made for such offices as have gone out of date, as that of armour-bearer, bow-bearer, canopy- bearers, and so en. Amongst other appeals that have failed is that of Miss Beatrice Fellows for the privilege of hereditary " herb-etrewer." A former Miss Fellowea, attended the Coronation of George IV, to distribute rosemarY and sweet smelling herbs, in his path but un- fortunately for the present Miss Fellowes this ceremony is to be dispensed with. Several prominent French dressmakers will shortly open premises in London, with a view to taking advan- tage of the brilliant season next year. The coming Coronation will certainly be good for trade, and though in many cases there ray be some doubt about the origin of tho materials, all the peeresses' robes w,ll be made by home establishments, the average cost ranging from £5O to "80. The jewellers also ( xpect to reap a harvest next year, especia'ly now that Society is taking to %searing elaborate jewellery by day, as well as by night. The furnishing and decorating trades whi also greatly benefit by the revival of abrilliane eelain at Court, and the many and costly entettainments which this also means in Society circles. Not only the wealthy firms, but the smaller trades- people are expecting a busy season next year. All the drapera are placing orders for new patterns of Corona- tion goods, and in many towns, Coronation Clubs have been started to provide their members with a new dress or a new suit of clothes, in honour of the great event next June. In former times there appears to have been a general desire on the part of the public, to appear in new garmerataon such occasions, as in Queen Eliza beth's reign, orders were issued in order to check the extravagance of the people. Thus women were for- bidden to wear " monstrous hats in garish colours,"and another regulation forbade any but the nobility to wear woollen stuffs that were manufactured on the continent No such distinction is made nowadays. but it is curi- ous as showing that even in the old times, the nobility had a strange desire to go abroad for their gowns, and finery. A etorm in a teacup has been raging in Paris, over the question whether the term "Madame " should not be applied to unmarried girls. In France, the smallest boy is addressed as " Monsieur," and the Women's Suffrage Society has therefore decided that the title "Mademoiselle" should henceforth he abolished, the idea being that it conveys a suggestion of inferiority with regard to the fair sex. There does not s.lem to be any relevancy in such an argument, but there is, never- theless, a good deal to be said for the adoption of the universal " Madame." It would obviate those mistake. which we are al! familiar with, when in doubt abont addressing women personally, and in correspondence at Mrs or Miss, and this difficulty has been so far ecog- nired in America, that, in many of the cities the car attendants are instructed to address all women and girls as " Madam." Another curious agitation has arisen in France over the new French postage stamps, which display an allegorical figure, holding a tablet, bearing the words "The Rights of Man." This has so offended a certain section of the supporters of " women's rights," that one of their number, Madame Auclert, has had a num- ber of labels printed resembling the Government stamps but bearing the words, "Tie Rights of Women." These labels are to be affixed to all letters, side by side, with the official stamp, as a protest against the invidious distinction it suggests. A similar plan, though for different reasons, was adopted some time ago, lay our own Legitimists or Jacobites, bus in their case they turned the Queen's head upside down, and no doubt the same ingenuity will be displayed by the in-called exnenents of "women's rights'" in'France. Up-te-date hats are high in front and low over the hair at the hack, and show, between these broad limits, the most bewitching curves and angles.—ln these days of ready-made " mounts," the trimming of a bat is not a very difficult feat to accomplish, but with the appear- ance of very moderately priced trimmed headgear, few women trouble to undertake it. There are two or three shops in the West End of London now,which provide an excellent selection of hats and tcquee at Si each. These arrive from Paris evezy day, and though the materials are not of course expensive, they are in the best of taste and style, and are thrown together with the greatest skill. These shops are doing an immense busi- ness, and are patronised by quite smart society women. It is, as they say, quite easy to have added, a feather or other ornament one may have by one, and such head- gear lasts quite as long as is desirable in these days of variety and change. The short walking skirt is now being worn by all really modish individuals, but it is to he feared that some time will elapse befere the generality of women will Nelsen:, to deprive themselves of outdoor " tails," which they are patronising so extensively. Unquestion- ably much illness is brought about by the lengthy out- door skirt, ( specially during wet weather. Getting thoroughly damp about the nem, it .conveys this mois- ture to the petticoats, hose, and footgear, and a severe cold, if nothing worse, is fraquently the result. The home dress m iker will cm ov II to bear in mind the fact that much of the secret of the success of the short , skirt lies in the length. The unskilled worker takes refuge in a compromise making the skirt neither short or long ; or still worse, short in front, but resting a couple of inches on the ground at the back. This gives a hopelessly ungraceful lino. The proper length clears the ground by two inches all round, Some of the newest skirts are being built (with a seam down the front. The mode has little to recommend it, :and will prsbat I 7 not last long. The bleuee is as much in favour as ever, among smart these ere, indeed it is now extremely doubtf. 1 if women. will ever consent te) part with so useful, and altogether desirable garment. Chiffon continues to be the staple material of the evening variety, while silk and lace are employed extensively for afternoon, and outdoor blouses. A perforated washleather bodice is usually worn with the latter, the coatee can then be thrown open when desired, without fear of a chill. Shirts for morning, are generally in flannel, and the naajsrity are cut without any yoke in frost, the lines being carried up to the shoulders. Blouse and skirt, it should be re- membered, must be of precisely the same shade, no contrasts are permissible. Mr Douglas Haw's " Noble Women of our Time," (Isbister and Co., 35 8d) contains biographies of twelve women ,including Miss Daniell—founder if the Soldiers' Homes at Aldershot ; Mrs Sidney Lear,author of " Tales OE a London Parish ;" Mrs Ward, of Withington ; Augusta Countess of Dartmouth, snd the Hon. Mrs Stuart Wortley. It is a bank that should be placed in the hands of all growing girls, but old and young alike , will read and read again, with the keenest interest, and admiration ; the lives of these noble women. MADGE.

SENSATIONAL CA.in IN LANCASHIRE. —L%ccashiro is again to the fore with another striking cure effected through the use of Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people. An account of the case,investigated and vouch- ed for by this paper, ia given elsewhere in this issue. Dr Williams' pink pills are praised by all classes ot people, from the lowest to the highest in the land, for the way in which they have cured paralysis, locomoto, ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; also all diseases aris- ing from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, Chronic ervsipelas,consumption of the bowels and lung;, ar cemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, Ices of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headache, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness, and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Williams' pink pills for pale peopl,, and are sold by chemists, and by Dr Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn' Viaduct, London, E C, at 23 9 1 a box, or six boxes for 133 90. Pink pills sold loose, or from glass jars, are not Dr Williams' pink pills ; accept them only in the pink closed wrapper as above described.

"THE QCZEN".—The Christmas number of "the Queen is a really seasonable as well as interesting productioa. IF; this respect" The Queen" differs from most other puh- licstions, and reference to its pages will show that in combined literary and artistic merit, as well as the seasonable character of its contents, the present issie fully maintains its reputation. In addition to two coloured presentation plates and the beautifully printed coloured inner pages, which have tecrme such a feature of "The Queen," there will be an article on Coats of Arms by bit Arthur Vicars, Ulster King of Arms, illus- trati,d in colours, Articles by Her Grace the Duchess r Somerset, Her Grace the Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos, the Countess of Jersey, Susan, Countess of Malmesbury. Lady Howard Vincent, the Hon, Mrs Davey, Mr Pett Ridge and others. COMMERCIAL FAlLURES..—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptav Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending December 14th, was 80. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 84, showing a operease of 4, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 180. The results of the Irish Industries Association 55,e at Manchester last week, which was opened by Hr Excellency, the Countess Cadogan, will amount to about £11,500 the second highest received at one sale during the last 12 years. The Marcbiogess of Lender - dens, has purchased the greater part of the trousseu for the forthcoming wedding of her daughter Lady Helen Stewart, at the Irish Industries .9<sociation and from the north of Ireland, where the Londonderry family have so much interest.

". ^*

===== 0002601_19011220_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WAHRINGTON SAVINGS BANK.

A Successful Year.

Further progress in connection with the Warrington Savings Bank was reported at the annual meeting of the institution held on Tuesday morning. Mr William Long presided, and there were also present the Revs. Canon Willis,Father Whittle, J Yonge, J F Matthews, and T Bishop,Alderman Roberts and Mews JGeddes,T Birchen, John Dowhurst, C Jackson Holmes. J Harrison, G Dakin, T Whittle, RJ Chorlev, and T Tunstall (actuary).

itEPIIIT OF TIIE COMMITTEE OF MANAGEMENT.

The report of this Committee was as follows :—" In presenting the eeneral statement of aecounts of the bank for the year ended 20th November, 1901, the Committee of Management hive much pleasure in drawing atten- tion to the very satisfactory progress of the business of the bank. Seven hundred and seventy-eight new and renewed accounts have ben opened during the year. making tho to at number of depositors 12,891. Twenty- five thousand two hundred and twenteesight transac- tions were recorded as cempared with 24,902 last year . showing an increase of 326. Owing to the ershacned value of money, due to a great extent to the war in South Africa, some of toe larger deposits have been transferred to investments yielding a higher sate of interest than that allowed by the bank, and in conse- quence, the amount due to depositors has decreased by £1,139 171 4i. That mbst of the depesitors prefer abso- lute security rattier than a temporary increase of interest is demonstrated by the facts that theemithdrawals have not been more numerous and that the number of deposi- tors keeps steadily increasing. The amount now due to depositors is £352,323 6s 3d, in addition to which there are investments on their behalf to the extent of £13,720 in stocks. The assets of the hank are £353,402 19s 6i, showieg a surplus of £6,079 13s 3d, after deducting the whole amount due to depositors. The National Debt Commissioners hold on behalf of the inetitution a sum of £353, 651 16s, which is considerably in excess of the total liabilities. The catracted list of depositors' bal- ances, certified by the auditor, is placed on the counter during the hours of business, and any depositor may satisfy himself by its inspection that the amount to his credit, in accordance with his paes-book, is certified to the Government. The bank is open daely for the trans- action of business,'and sums as low so ore shilling are received. Fifty pounds may be deposited in any one year until the amount to the credit of the depositor reaches £2OO. A further £2OO may also be received in any year tor investigation in Government stock. Pay- ments not exceeding £lO are made on demand, larger amounts sv. c paid subject to a week's notice. The con- tinued steady increase in the number of depositors' accounts and in the number of transactions is a most gratifying feature of the bank. The greater preportion of the transactions are of small amounts, which sbowe that the bank is taken advantage of by the close of depositors for whose benefit the institution was estableibed in the year 1818. There are 5,379 depositors. whose aecounte do not exceed £1 For the Committee of Management,WreerAst Loso.Chairman Joie x GEDDES, Vice-chairman. December 3rd, 1901."

===== 0002601_19011220_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE _CHAIRMAN ON TEM PROGRESS OF THE BANE.

The Casa amati in moving the adoption of the state- ment f accounts, commented upon the satisfactory character of the financial statement, and said that while there was a slight diminteion in the deposits, it was a very small matter when compared with the use made of the bank by those for whom it was intended. It must, he said, also be remembered in this connection that the increasm in the stock bought for their deposi- tors was larger than it had ever been. The number of depositors now was 12 891, It was 12,636 at the com- mencement of the year. Again, the transactions the bank had had to deal with showed an increase cf 326. This pointed to the fact that the bank was steldtly doing its good work for the benefit of the people. There were nearly 13,000 depositors in the bank, a good fifth of the population of the town. Mr GEDDES seconded and it was carried. INVESTMENTS IN CORPORATION SECURITIES.

Alderman ROBERTS moved "that the report of the Committee of Management be approved and that this meeting acknowledges the valuable services rendered tithe institution by the gentlemen acting on the corn- mittee during the past year, and tenders it+ brst tbankS to them." He said it might interest them to know'that the investments in the Corpcnation securities had during the list few years shown a markeo increase as far as working people were concerned. They had been astonished at the sums brought to them for investment by wurkingmen and their wives, whose habits so far as saving was concerned must have been to a large extent fostered by this bank and institution+ of a similar char- acter when they were much younger than they were to- day. (Hear, hear.) There was another featurs worthy of special notice and that wig that the whrle of the liabilities were More than covered by:the actual deposits with the National Debt Commissioners. He compli- mented the Committee of Management upon their exeellent work.

Mr DEWHURST sroonded, and it was carrird, RE-ELECTED CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN.

On the motion of the Rev Canon WILLIS seconded by Mr DAKIN Mr William Lone was re-Aected ctatrman and Mr John Geddes vice-06.14m5°.

Both gentlemen acknowledged the appointment. ELECTION OF TRUSTEES.

The following managers were elected joint trustees on ' the Committee of Management for the ensuing year. the Will 01=1 Greenall, J Yore, T Bishop and Messra J Harrison, J Peers, T Whittle and T Birchall. The ACTUARY said there was no alteration in the trustees. As regarded the Crinmittee of Management there bad been two deaths and ore resignation, Mr J G Gornall and the Rev H T Clarke had died, and the Rev W /3 Drummond had left the district.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev E W Lummis and Mr J A Ransoms) were ap- pointed managers. On the motion of the Ewan:sus a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the ottioiais of the bank for their services. A similar vote to Mr Long for presiding waS passed. The meeting then terminated. FREE FROM PA!N• • After Suffering from Lumbago and Rheumatism, Mr. West was Cured by taking Dodd's Kidney Pills.

This time of the yt.ar finds out the body's weak spots, but sometimes the real weakness is ignored. Rheuma- tism, Lumbago ,and Sciatica torture thousands annually, and yet sufferers continue to endun and aptly local applications to the seat of tbrment with little if any relief. Dodd's Kidney Pills are the only medicine that will remove the eau.qe of the disease—Uric Acid. The presence of uria acid in the blood is the cause of almost all muscular pain ; the reason the poison lurks in the body is because the kidneys do not do their duty and take it out. Dodd's Kidney Pills cure the kidneys, the kidneys acting healthily remove the uric acid, and, with the cause gone, Rheumatism, Lumbago and Sc atica disappeared. Mr William West, of 8 Kate-street, King Richard- road, Leicester, bad rheumatism and lumbago in his right leg and foot, and various remedies produced no effect. He found a remedy, at last, yea—more than a reozedy—heloynd atabsoltfte c,,Pe, which eave him relief in three or tour_da7s and finally freed bicn from pain.

What cured Mr was Dr-',dd's Kiel-Wer Pill, The only certain cure for all the aches and pains resulting from weak or diseased kidneys. For such deadly dis- orders as Bright's disease, diabetes, dropsy and heart trouble, art ich arises from neelted kidney troubles, there is no remedy on earth to equal Dodd's Kidney Pills. They have cured thousands whose cases were considered hopElese. It is folly to suffer daily torture, when health and comfort can be easily obtained by simply taking Dodd's Kidney Pills according to the directions which accompany each boa. Dodd'a Kidney Pills are 2,9 J per box of all chemists, or post free on receipt of price from the Dodds Medicine Co., 23 Farringdoo Avenue, London E.C. Important to remember the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

Victoria College of Music. The first examination held in Warrington, in connection with the Victoria College, took place in the Masonic Hall Bold-street, Tuesday, December 10th, the examiner being JEI Lewis, Mus. Doc., D.C.L. The following is a list of the successful students in pianoforte playing, teachers names are given in parenthesis.—lntermeliate Section : A,liss Annie Titchett, 73 marks, first class (Miss Lloyd Williams) Warrington ; Junior section : Florence Whitfield,B2 marks, first class honours (Miss L Green, A.L.O M.), Florence Newell, 88 marks. first class with honours -, Ethel Brockleburst, 87 marks with honours; Hannah Thornily, 75 marks, first class pass (Mr C H Dawson L.V.C.M„ A.L.C.M.) frimary section ; Lilly Nicholas, 90 marks, first class with honour ia Nor hwich ; Ellen Payne, 85 marks first clam with honours; John Allen, 75 marks, first class pass ; Charles Surridge 73 marks, pass section, Crewe ; (J A Dawson, Edward Lightfoot, 85 marks, first class with honours, Ruth Lightfoot, 82 marks, first class with honours, Lily Wright, 78 marks, first Class pass, Annie Kilduff, 75 marks, firstt class pass. Barry Short, 72 marks, pass ssction (Miss Lilly Green), Albert Golden, SO marics, first class with honours, Penketh, Dora Poole, 77 marks, first class pass (Mr C II Dawson).

The emancipator—money-back soap, Fels-Naptha—turns the hardest half-day in the week, into holiday. 21d. a bar. Fels-Naptha ' . .

Peninsular House Monument London E C

===== 0002601_19011220_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

\A QUEEN'S SOLDIEM

By WALTER WOOD,

Author of "Barrack and Battlefield," "Famous British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro- motion," "A. Captain in the Fusiliers," "A Soldier of the Legion," &c.

CHAPTER XXI. A IrOPEaTI. PATIENT. Lizzie, ordinarily calm, collected, and essentially resourceful, as befitted her birth and upbringing as a Yorkshire winnan, was, after her short interview with Donald, almost in despair. Without reason, and in spite of the conviction of the doctors, she • had persuaded herself that Mark cupid be brought round to health and strength again without being woefully disfigured for life. She had seen scores of men pass through the surgeons' hands and speedily turn the corner between life and death, and had seen in the operators' fearful skill and work the means of bodily salvation. So familiar had these tasks become that they had almost lost their terrors for her ; beryline that the patient was her own lover, the man who was ,to be her husband, she looked upon the matter with a strangely different ' mind.. From her conchlct she might have been some courageous animal defending her crippled mate from the attacks of watchful, over-mastering enemies. Even Donald, trusted and confided in of old, she looked at with suspicion, uncertain whether he would not at any time come down and exercise his power. In that case Lizzie could do nothing but succumb, and bear her bitter- ness and grief as best she could. By this time she had seen a good deal of the surgeon, and knew that nothing would tern ,him from the strict pers formance of what he looked upon as a professional duty. Mark did not awake from his slumber until he had almost slept the clock round; then he felt, as he truly said, like a new man. He even declared that he was fit to get up and walk and rejoin his corps, but an effort to stand upright shoved him how serious his misapprehension was. "You mustn't do that," said Lizzie, sternk "You, must just rest and keep still." "Or they'll get me even yet,' eli ? " he said, in high spirits. "Well, if 1 can't get up and about • to-day or to-morrow, I will in a week or so, mark my words. Ybe see, when a chap's been brought up on beef and beer and fresh air, 'so to speak, like me, tt isn't as if he'd been dragged out of a ditch or alley,' and had nil flesh and blond to fall back upon. Has that Scotch chap said anything While I've been asleep ?" • ' "He's been very busy," said Lizzie, evasively. "He's like the rest, run off his legs." "Lucky man to have his leis in such good fettle," answered Mark. "I wish you could say the same of mine. Do you know, Liz, I've got a strong idea that I shall never be as hardy on my pins again as I have been ? I feel- that there'll always be stiffness enough to make me hobble. I shall hate that; but I suppo the old man will is have a sort of glum pleasure i it. You know how he used to sneer at the 'No dies ? Well, thank God, if I do bave a hop or a imp for the rest of my days, it'll shew that, I did something else than . just piny at soldiers. Weve shewn 'em that, any- way, the Yeomen are just as good, as anybody else." , "Nobodj, ever said they were not," answered Lizzie, quickly. "They, couldn't.', "Didn't they just?" asked Mark. "Don't you know yet that it was because FO many people said so that I came out here ? I've liked the experience : and I've liked the work, !Ind so on.; but, all the saute, I was just Ineglied And tauntedinto it. The old man's sharp tongue put the finishing touch to the busieess." "Well, it's (long with now," said Lizzie, in tones of thankfulness. "Whatever happens, you'll be no more good for the war." . "We shall seer" said Mark. "Tm not going to skulk and malinger here, you know, Liz. As soon as they fix'ine up and make rue fit again,l'm going back to the front if they want me. It's' my duty, you see, and I can't be kept from it by a bit of a bullet wound. Alter all, when you consider what other men have gone through, mine's only a bit of a hurt." "Don't you talk so glibly about a bit of a hurt,,"' snapped Lizzie. "It's a lot worse than you think, and quite in bad as any other man's had in the same place." . • A , I " Milt° ! " said Mark, in surprise. "What's the trouble ? You sound from your voice as if you ' wanted to n.ake an elephant out of a mouse." "I want to make. it just what it is and no more, and I tell you it's bad enough to keep you from going beck to the front. I know that," said Lizzie, in such uncompromising tones that the patient gazed and looked at her without replying. : One thing was now very clear, that if Lizzie could prevent it he would not . return to the firing line. It was perhaps wrong of her to adopt this : attitude, bet site did not pretend to be more than a woman first and a nurse afterwards. If she had ' misgivings at all, she overcame them by remembering that. her chief purpose in coming out to the war nag to look after Mark if site should get the chance. ' After-a pause. Mark said: "What's the next part of the programme, Liz ?" "You'll he invalided home," she answered. "There's a big batch going very soon, and I fancy you'll go with it." • "Yes; that is, if I don't get well; but---" "There's no but about it, you won't: Oughtn't I to know?" again snapped Lizzie, who had -suddenly become very unamiable. "Well, I suppose so, it's your trade," agreed Mark, "and every man to his trade. Well, what then ? " "You'll go back to the coast and sail by one of the transports .or hospital ships ; then you.'ll go into hospital in England till you're all right. After that they'll send you home. You see, it isn't as if you were a real soldier." Mark sprang up in bed. "By George, Li!" he said. "That's the nastiest cut of all! You've rubbed it in worse than all the rest." "Rubbed what in? " site demanded. "Why, that about the make-believe of it," grienbled Mark. "Oh, bother it!" she said: "Get that silly nonsense out of your head. If people say it they don't mean it. Besides, even it has been make- believe by you, hasn't it been the same with some other people in this war ? Haven't some of_ the generals and other officers been doing the same ' thin"? %%Iv, even some of the nurses have." T.izzie smiled rather bitterly. She,,was thinking of Lad' Mildred. "I don't care about either,the officers or anybody else," said Mark, stubbornly, "so far as that goes. I've only got to consider myself and put myself right. I tell you the whole of this business, so far as we're concerned, sprang up jest because of idle mueslis like yours, nothing else. So you see how necessary it is to put the muzzle on sometimes." "Well," said Lizzie, pacifically, "you must con- sider it unsaid. I snppose you don't want me to think yo ere sorry you came ?" "I am. and lain not," answered Mark. "I fancy I'm a bit queer in my way of looking at this business ; but I haven't had the sport out of it that some of its have got. I suppose that's because I'm a farmer myself and understand better than most what it means to it lot of these poor beggars. And then I had my eyes opened by . those Boota people. I shall never forget how good Mrs. Boota was to me that day when I was carted to tho farm, and afterwards, when I'd come on by the train, after throwing myself down on the veld and believing it was all over with me. Mrs. Boota may be Doer by marriage and upbringing, but I fancy she's English still at heart. Her son was ' is t the same, and I should think the old man is p , too. If they're like that I shouldn't be surprised to learn that there are others like 'cm, too. As I say, , I'm not clever at reckoning things up, and can °align by what I've seen. I've seen both bad and good ; and I think it's only fair to forget the 'tad as much as I can, and think of the good. That's the sort of thing time parson tells us to do, isn'_t it, even if he doesn't always do it himself? Do you happen to know what the war's about? answered Lizzie, frankly. "But then I'v• had no time to think. It 's been all I could do to mind my own business. • "That's queer," said Mark. "I never came lerois anybody that did know. However, I suppose it's all right. But do you know, Liz, I've made up my mind on one thing—if I get out I;ellarnaevmeredatalkief thawypegninvye , me one." , of of rt Itiiimse countryw.ork i all , I've "That. won't bother mile," said Lizzie, quietly. : e doneriright, or t, "There are so many things I've seen that I never want to be reminded of, and if you put your medal away --acre I should never see it I shouldn't be tarry." "I've had a lot of time for thinking lately," con- ' tinned Mark, with deep conviction, "and l've made my mind upon this—they'd no business to let the Yeomanry come out here. What we're fur..

===== 0002601_19011220_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
1 0l

as I always understood it, is to look after the old country and see that no foreigner comes cadging after it, to drive us into the sea, and generally do for us. No able-bodied man could refuse to serve on such conditions. But instead of making us really fit to do that the War. Office rushed in and persuaded a lot of us to come out here. Now, I'm not sharp, but it seems to me that the people here tried to do just what-I should have helped to do myself—drive the lot of us into the sea. It's a pity, for their own sakes, that they didn't confine their operations to fair fighting." - "Well, it's no use worrying," persisted Lizzie, unable with success to reason with the patient. "You're a soldier, you k.now, and all you have to do is to obey. You' e no responsibility in the matter." .._ • .

"I'm gladl of that,' said Mark. "I shouldn't like to have. All I want now is to be able to wash my hand's of the whole business. When I think of decent people like the Bootas I almost feel glad that I'm pretty well out of it." "But they're not all that sort,r said Lizzie. "I suppose if they had been there wouldn't have been any war. But • I daren't stop any longer. I've talked too long as it is." "All right," said Mark, cheerfully. "Don't let me keep you. You're not the missis yet, and so I can't rush you about"and have all your attention. What am I to do if those bone-sawing chaps come round unawares? I don't half like that Donald.. He looks as if he'd got designs on me." "Do just' nothing. Leave everything to me," answered Lizzie, amazingly encouraged by Mark's good spirits. • "That'll suit me fine, for I'm feeling lazy," said Mark. "You get on with your business, Liz. Don't bother about me—l'm all right. Here' S your friend, the Scotty, comin' up." "Well," said the surgeon, as he reached Mark's side, "how do you feel now ?" "A lot better, sir," said Mark. "Humph!" muttered Donald, rather disgustedly, for the patient's.looks confirmed his words, and the surgeon had made up his mind that the only hope of real and lasting cure lay in the removal of the damaged limb. "I think I told you that I come of a pretty tough lot, didn't I, sir?" continued Mark, amiably. "I don't remember 'it," replied Dunald, rather sourlyl; "but I can quite liAlieve it." "We keep up a good dying average," said Mark; "it's been about eighty for both men and women. My mother's grandmother lived-to be ninety-nine. She was very proud of it, and would have gone off a lot • easier if she could have reached the three figures. She did her best, but just missed." The surgeon rubbed his chin. There was some- thing very interesting about this patient ; certainly it was strange and wonderful that he should make so light of a very serious,injury. He very carefully examined the Wound again. 'And you say you actually had this to bear with all the time you were escaping?" "Yes. sir," Mark assured him. • "And that it doesn't trouble you now?" "Well, not much to speak of." answered Mark. "But I don't understand," said the puzzled surgeon, whose theories and experiences we out- raged. "Theoreticall you know, you ought to be in a, bad way. Most men would have died under it."

"I suppose it's a matter of bringing up," said Mark. 'There are some people who think it pretty bad to get up at eight o'clock in the morning; but it never struck me as being hard that I should have to be out in the fields by four." "Yes, but haymaking isn't surgery," said Donald. , _ _

"Put it another way, then: think how"a lot of of people squirm about getting a tooth jerked out— s matter of a second; but I've heard my father say that folk used to think nothing of going to the blacksmith's and getting dragged round the forge with the pincer in their jaws before the tooth was out."

"What you think is," said Donald, brusquely, "that what would maim or kill another man won't bother you?" "That's exactly it, air," agreed Mark. I "Humph ! " again muttered the surgeon. "That's one way of looking at it. It has the novelty of freshness."

"And the rightlway, sir, I hope, "said Mark, eagerly. "We shall see," answered Donald, walking slowly off. "1 do believe the young fellow's right, he added to himself, again with his hand to his chin. "p it really did come out as he says, certainly I ought tp publish some notes on the case, as an extra/ordinary example of the curative povrec,of pluck and constitution." A few monrts later Lizzie rejoined Mark. "It's only for a econd," she said. "I can't stay. What does he say now? I saw him come." "Won't say anything •, left most of the talking to me," answered Mark. "Look here, Liz," he added, eagerly. "I distrust him more than ever. I'm certain he thinks he ought to have it." Mark nodded significantly towards the injured limb. "Not if I can help it," said Lizzie, still in a whisper, but a very hard and unbending one. "Now I'm off again; don't you bother." "As if I should," murmured the patient, "when 1 know that she's about. He may be sharp, but he'll lrlve to be very sharp, indeed, .to get ahead of Liz."

===== 0002601_19011220_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXII.

GRIPPING A CHANCE. It became now more than ever a case of Lizzie guarding her patient, as if some ravenous ghoul were watching for a chance to swoop upon and devour him.

Mark's quaint conceit that Donald was at large, coveting the damaged limb, burnt into her memory, and She never lost sight,of it. That thing should not be done so long as she had the slightest power to prevent it; and as she had been successful so far, she hoped and 'prayed to be successful still. But she soon discovered cause for alarm.

Donald, excellent person though he was in many ways, was yet astonishingly susceptible in others. Nothing concerned him more than his professional pride; this was his all, his god, and he could not endure 'to have it so much as touched by an out- sider—and that outsider a mere layman, too. In some subtle way he felt that Mark,had set himself up against him, and for the present had scored. The more he thotglit'of this the more he was satisfied of its truth, and in proportion to his conviction was the sting he felt. Donald's annoy- ance turned 'to exasperation at having been outwitted--"by a simple countryman, too," he growled within himself—and ended in a- piqued resolve to get the business done. "It shall come off to-morrow," he said. "We can't manage it to-day, with so much else to do. Lizzie, I daresaY, will cut up rough about it; but she'll live to be grateful, to me. It isn't, either, as if my view weren't shared by the other men." 1 This was a lathe attempt to satisfy himself that there was nothing shabby or ungenerous in what he had in his mind, and that it was solely a matter of compelling everything to give place to surgical expediency. "After all, too, I don't see why a farmer in a comfortable way shouldn't be able to get through life on one leg as well as on two." This w'ris completely convincing, and Donald resumed his duties with a restful mind. Lizzie, quick-witted at all times, and more than quick-witted now—the situation had made her positively crafty—comprehended from Donald's demeanour that something was seriously amiss ; she understood fully, from a remark he made, that the opinion of the profession must take his course, and hinted as to the time. Satisfied now beyond doubt, Lizzie set to work to put .into force a plan vhich had come into her active znin44that morning. That day there was to leave the hospital a batch of men who were well enough to travel to the coast and be invalided home. 'So full was the building, and so pre.ssed for space were the staff; since new cases were constantly arriving, that excessive energy was being shewn tO get the convalescents away. It was one of the surgeon's common sayings—he had a good many sayings which had survived tho usage of years, but which answered his purpose well enough—that a man could not be in two places at once, and could not do a couple of things together. ' Luckily for Livie's scheme, these ancient saws were particularly true ; the surgeon could not be attending his own bard duties and keeping a watchful eye on either Mark or Lizzie, nor could he see that certain arrangements, were net being carried out precisely according to instructions. Amid so much hurry and pressure, it was inevitable that there should be confusion, and that one or two things should go wrong. Here a nurse, overwrought and overworked, might get astray in fulfilling her duties, there an orderly, buffeted and bewildered, might do, the wrong thing at a critical moment, and add to the disarrange- ment and confusion. These things happened in spite of, every care; ' and it was because they happened that 'Lizzie got her inspiration. I Looking front the hospital, Lizzie saw Donaldi walking towards his canvas dwelling in the medicali (Akers tents. She watched him turn as if he

meant to go to the isolation camp, and turn with and make his way in the direction of the encamp- ment of the hospital orderlies. Now or never was her time. An ambulance train, was on the neighbouring railway, already nearly full ; the last of the patients were being hurriedly got out of the hospital and put on board. Lizzie hastened to Mark's bed. "Don't ask a single question," she whispered. "Do just as you're told. You're going away—not a word, for God's sake! It's all Wit." • Mark repressed an exclamation of amazement. But for Lizzie's assurance he would have judged that so far front being all right, it was very seriously wrong. But he was well schooled by this time, and held his peace. A surprise mora or less in thesa stirring days was neither here nor there. Just then there was no one about. The beds hearest to him had been emptied, and the doctors and nurses were in other quarters. Suddenly there appeared a worried non-commissioned officer with a couple of orderlies bearing a stretcher. "It's dashed queer!" exclaimed the sergeant, saving himself, on seeing Lizzie, from using a harder adj eel ife. The nurse's mind was already made up. "Come, be quick, -don't idle there all day,' she said. "Take this man to the train." . _

The sergeant gave an exclamation of joy. "Why, hero's the very one !" 'he said. "There's one inissin', an we've been half round the hospital lookin for him. Hook him lip, boys—there, steady, now. You look pretty well, matey; wish I could change places with you. Don't I just wish I was goin' for a jaunt on the salt water, instead of stickin' here ? But, never mind, my turn'll come. I shall be as badly knocked up as a dead mule if this sort of thing goes on. Got 'ha all right, boys ? That's the ticket ! Thanks, sister, for givin' me the tip. Could'ilt tell where the missin' link had got to, an' was bep,innin' to think he must ha' titkon up his bed an' walked home. Now then, no grinnir '; you chaps--an' don't shake the bones out of the man "

"Good-bye," said Murk, rising a little. He almost said "Liz," but instantly remembering that lie must neither ask questions nor slim surprise, he checked himself. Before he could collect his startled senses, he had been put carefully into the :rain and was already leaving the neighbourhood of the hospital. The sergeant, vastly relieved, expressed his feelings to the orderlies. "If I'd had a couple of cabbage-headed guinea-pigs under me," he said, "I might have expected 'em to walk past the very bed where the chap was that we wanted; but with two able-bodied men, I fancied the case would be different. It was the softest thing I ever saw to see you two starin' about you with no more wit than a' infant. I've no hope for you, Dukes, nor yet you, Slater." "nut," protested Dukes, "I didn't know,it was the chap. Yond's a Yeoman—as I understood, we wanted a gunner." "I tliought it was a 'One Guards chap we was wantin'," said Slater.

, "Yes," sneered the sergeant, "there you go; gunner an' 'Orse Guard. What licks me is that you weren't lookin' about for a prince or a Field- Marshil I"

_ "Anyway,' said Dukes, "I'm certain o' one thing, an' that isn't two—whatever we was lookin' for, it wasn't one o' them Yeomen chaps." "I'm certain o' that, too," said Slater, cor- roboratively. The sergeant for a moment looked troubled and puzzled. But he brightened up instantly. "Well, what I'd got to do was to make the numbers tally, an' I did that. Besides, if that Yeoman wasn't goin' down to the coast, he ought to ha' been. He wasn't a case for hospital any longer, an' if you'd aeon as much as I've seen, you'd know. Now then, sharp; fall in, an' let's get back." But sin the return the sergeantgain felt troubled, and his misgivings grew so eatly that on re- entering the building he sough izzie and said: "There seems to be 3 bit o' doubt about that Yeoman' chap. I hope it's all right. I hope he'd got to go." "Oh, yes; he'd got to go," replied Lizzie, emphatically; and the sergeant instantly dismissed all his doubts and fears. _ _ _ .

"Of course, I knew it," he said, hastily. "Only ,those jackasses had got the idea that they were lookin' for somebody else." "How strange I" said Lizzie, smiling. "It's surprisin' how strange some o' their ideas are," said the sergeant, who was of a somewhat gallant disposition, and rather judged,tnrom the nurse'.s looks, that lie was making a favourable impression upon her. "If you'd seen as much of 'em as I've seen, you'd agreerwith me,. I daresay;" "I'm sure you're right, sergeant,"tsaid Lizzie, again smiling. The sergeant was both flattered and encouraged. He smiled also, and shewed such a marked dis- position to continue the talk that Lizzie found it necessary to get rid of him. "There now," she said, pleasantly, "you've done so well that there's nothing left here for you to do just Inv ; but I fancy they're wanting TOll over there." The sergeant was an acute man. He took his dismissal bravely, having satisfied himself that the nurse was not quite as charming as she might have ,been, and was stuck up beyond the just rights of her position. But before he went he said: "If there should' have been any mistake—not that I think there has, of course—l hope you'll make it clear that I'm not to blame. I had to square my heels before the doctor only yesterday, and I'm not in a hurry to do it again." • "Certainly," said Lizzie, readily. "If there was any mistake, it was mine.; I shall make that clear." "Dr. Donald's the one to be reckoned with," said the sergeant as lie left. "I'll remember that," answered Lizzie. As soon as she was alone shelsat on the edge of -the bed, and felt hot and cold by turns when she thought of the position in which she had placed both herself and Mark. "It's no good trying to say that it was a mistake," she said. "He wouldn't believe it. And it's no good trying to prevent it from being found out—and very soon. Whatever shall I do? " She clasped her bands and rose to her feet. "Whatever shall I do?" she repeated. She tapped the flooi angrily and thought wildly of all sorts of subterfuges—of getting another patient into the bed insti lily, of arranging the pillows and bedclothee ap that they looked like a man; but she knew how -hopeless it was to attempt to practise any such deception. . :Pie was in the extremity of her bewilderment when she heard quick footsteps.. Almost as soon she heard the startled voice of Donald. ' "Where's he gone?" he demanded. "What's the meaning of this? Come, nurse, this looks like a very serious business." "He's gone off with the train," said Lizzie, with a white face.

"With the train—down to the coast ?" said the doctor, speaking rapidly. "And—and—you've done it ?"

"Yes, I liace," said Lizzie. "What else could I do ? "

..„ . "But—but it's absolutely unheard of," exclaimed 35onald. ."You've put yourself in a very grave position. I'm afraid there's only one way of dealing with a case like this—and that would be v,.ry hard on you—after the work you've done. I'm really very, very sorry." s . ("If he is all right, I shan't cars about myself," said Lizzie, stubbornly. , Donald looked from her to the empty bed, and from the bed to her again. Despite his anger and amazement, he found that he was almost admiring the pluck and ingenuity which could wrench a patient in this way out of the very jaws of the operating theatre. Besides this, he had genuine admiration for Lizzie, whom he looked upon as the most wilful nurse in the hospital. , "I'm ....Altered if I know what to make of it," he continued. "You really have put both yourselr bald me in a most awkward position; and what of the patient ? He'll be dead before to-morrow." "I know better than that," said Lizzie ; "he won't die yet. Tell me one thing "—she went (spite close to Donald as she spoke—"are you going to have ljiin. fetched back ?" "Cert inly not," he exclaimed, with great energy, "The place will be glutted again in less than twenty-four hours. No, no, miss; you've made his bed, and he must li,e on it. That isn't what's bothering me—l'M concerned about you, that's all. I want to save you from yourself, if I can. I don't want you to be disgraced and sent about. your business." Donald knitted his brows, and seemed to be reflecting, hard. Once or twice ho cast a !Aleful glance at the empty bed and at. the nurse. Theri he smiled. He could not help it; the occurrence Yid so many features that were grotesque "Yes, young lady," lie said, "you've mane it this time." . , "I know," said Lizzie, encouraged by his manner. "I know I've done wrong; but I'm not sorry for it. What do you mean to do ?"' "I'm thinking," answered Donald, almost as quietly. He seemed to be thinking very hard,4 for he made no further utterance for several minutes. Then ke said: "I did think at first of undoing alit , ._

Vat mid been done, by way of shelving rtuthority must be paramount, and that the pros fession can't be set at nought in this way by a. young woman. Then I thought I'd be generous -- Donald was not magnanimous enough to confess, that he had concluded that the revelation of what had been done would make him and some of his colleagues look both foolish and neglectful—"and so I've determined to say'no more about it. You're a wilful woman, and, you know, a wilful WOlll3ll must have her way." "I'm sure it'll turn out to be all right." "I hope so," said Donald, grimly. "Anyway, the position is of your own making. You mustn't blame me, you know, if you find when you get married that your husband's been made a cantankerous creature for all his life through what you've done. I cast all the blame from me." "Never mind," answered Lizzie, brightly, "I'll accept it. It's mine, and I can bear it." , She went off joyously. As he watched her leave Donald muttered: "It's good thing all women are not like her. If they were, there would be no patients left for us tr Ftandle." . .

ITo be continued.)

===== 0002601_19011220_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCHING THE STRUGGLE.

Sympathy from. Lancashire Workers.

Lancashire mill operatives are deeply interested in the legal struggle of the Welsh coal miners with the owners over the absentee issue. There is a areat deal oi sym- pathy with the miners, to 3, for in Lancashire the mill hands are also ready, at every favourable opportunity to escape from " active service" in the mills and work- shops to the exhilarating seaside resorts in order to recuperate consumed energy. The congenial cli nate ot Sunny Southport appeals largely to the workers of the County Palatinate, and thousands are invigorated by visiting this favourite watering-place. A nomewha; extracrdinary instance has just come to light where even the ozone-laden bretzes of Southport faded to do just what was required. Mr. James Quinn, of 11, Hollins-street. Stalybridge feundryman, has had this experience. Ile readily antft Intelligently related it to an " Oldbam Standard " re. Dotter, who waited upon him a few days ago. Mr. Quinn who is forty-seven years of age, is a native of Stalybridge, and, until recently, had spent the greater part of his working days in the mill and the fonndry. " For the pant twenty years," he said, " I have been plagued with indigestion, The principal cause of it was that I ran myself down when working in tho foundry. I used to sweat in front of the furnace, go home to dinner, and hurry back again, the varying temperature leaving its mark in the long run. I tegan to suffer from general debility and excessive weakaess, and got so much worse that I determined to see a doctor, who told me that if I did not at once go to Southpoit consumption would probably develop'. " Did you go to the seaside?" inquired the reporter. "1 went to Southport, staying three weeks in th,+ Convalescent Home there, but nothing did me so much good as Dr Williams' pink pills.lilcertainly felt a little better while at Southport, but it did not revive me like tbe pills." Mr Quinn went on to state that he felt as well to-day as ever as he had done, and, as ha certainly appeared to be in good health and Spitits.the reporter was tempted to probe into the nature of Mr Quinn's suffering. "Every time I ate anything," he explained, " I had wind on the stomach, and I had such a painful weight in that part that at first I used to force my food back again: • My strength gradually failed me, and I became very tired and depressed. Then I became so touch run down that the 'doctor feared that I would go into con- aurn ption.” " How did you first come to hear of Dr Williams' pink pills ?" the interviewer asked. " I happened to be complaining about my indigestion to a young fellow at Ashton, when he asked me, You think Dr Williams' pick pills will do you any gond ?' I started laughing at him, and thee answered, ' They are the Fame as everything else; ttey give temporary relief, and then you get as had as Ever. They are the same as all the pills—you take them and than you are jiggered again.' He told me he thought they were as good a remedy as I could get, and, thinking about what he had said, I ultimately determined to give them a trial. I began to take two pills three times a day, and when I had been taking them a week I felt great relief. I kept on with them, and they took the pain away. Of;course, I had to regulate my food at the same time, but I found that Dr Williams' pink pills did me a deal of good. I continued taking them until I had finished two boxes, when I felt in very fair form, and stopped taking them. I have no: needed to have any for the last three months,teing now free from indigestion, and deriving good benefit from my food. Miss Lydiate, who was present at the interview, and who reaidEs at the same addresa as Mr Quinn, con- firmed the etatements repro—duced above,and assured the reporter that the cure effected upon Mr Quinn by Dr Williams' pink pills bad been most remarkable. " Have you mentioned your cure to anyone? " thes reporter further interrogated. "Yes," was the reply. "They have cured Miss Lyrliate, who has suffered from dyspepsia, and I have pointed out to Mr Meld, a chemist of Oldham, how Dr Williams' pink pills have benefited me. He expressed the opinion that they were as good a remedy for indi- gestion as anyone could wish to have. I have also told a friend at Stalybridge about them, and he remarked that They certainly were well recommended.' I lost. no opportunity of telling my friends of what they have done for ice,' and Mr Quinn, in conclusion, gave the reporter full permission to publish or make what use ho p'eased of the particulars which he gave concerning the benefit derived from taking Dr. Williams' pink pills.

1-irnilton House School—Prize Distribution. There was an iateresting gathering in the Masonic Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening when the annual distribution of prizes to the children attending Hamilton House School, Bold- street, took place in the presence of a large attend- ance of parents and friende. At the outset of the proceedings Miss M Williams made a favourable report with reference to the work of the past year. 'The prizes were then distributed by the Rev John Yonge to the following pupils : IF:isle Taylor,-nausic prize and Oxford certificates ; Bessie Forshaw, sixth class prize, attendance prize, French prize and Oxford certificate; Marion 'Weaver, fifth class class prize, examination prize- and Oxford certificate; Connie Hall, fourth class prize; Dorothy Hall, third class prize and exam- ination prize; Russell Crampton, second class prize; Dorothy Bracecamp, conduct prize; Frank Bracecamp, attendance prize. Having presented the awards Mr Yonge delivered a short speech, daring the course of which haexpressed regret that the donor of the music , prize (Rev W BracecamD> was with them for the last time at such a gathering He regretted very much Mr. Bracecamp's re- moval from the town and he was sure the same regret was shared by many people in Warrington. They would follow him with interest and sym- pathy in the new sphere to which he had been called. The speaker, continuing, offered to present the music prize in future, lie also offered earnest, and sincere congratulations to the principals of the school on the successful position it was already attaining in the town. A. school of that kind was very much needed, and he was very glad to find is had met with such substantial success. (Applause.) —Ths prize distribution having been concluded, an operetta entitled "Prince Ferdinand" F was pre- sented by a number of the pupils. The characters were well sustained by the following : Prince Ferdinand. Miss I Roberts; Princess Helena, Miss Lyon Whittle; Titania (fairy Queen), Miss E Taylor ; Hecate (a witch) ; Mies Jackson; Csbalo (a magician),' Miss B Forshaw ; Four Woodsprites, Miss Adamson, Hall, Lee, Jackson; Rose, Mist N Taylor; Daisy, Miss V Pierpnint • Forget-me-not, Miss M Weaver Poppy, Miss I Bilcock ; Little Fairies, Misses Williams, Taylor, Tinnion ; Fairy Attendant, Miss M Jones. The scholars had been well trained and the operetta afforded intense pleasurei to those who witnessed the entertain- ment.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
IILES AND INDIGESTION CUREI>

If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURE Is the only safe and effectual remedy for Inward, outward, end bleeding riles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion fiord by all Chemists in bott'es Is. lad Yost paid from EEL= AND CO. HALIFAX,

===== 0002601_19011220_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
EAR PRESENTS.

ARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BAN"S. GUITARS, VIOLINS, Sic, Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name ineide, Hop- wood. ornamented; 10a. 6d. Carriage paid. Best goality MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case is. post free, ARCHP.R AND SONS, ST. G BORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD-STREET, ...IV SPOOL. Established 1348

XMAS AND NEW Y - • / , n , -

===== 0002601_19011220_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
...

===== 0002601_19011220_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19011220_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
;NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS RUGBY FOOTBALL

By " Ovalist." Warrington surprised football enthusiasts in two ,counties, and upset all the calculations of the news- paper prophets by defeating Oldham at Watershed- dings on Saturday. A few faithful admirers of the Warrringtou team took advantage of the excursion to Spindiedom and on arrival found the hilly town suffer- ing from a recent snowstorm which had bereft every telegraph and telephone pole of its wires and made the streets a foot deep in snow. It was under these unfavourable conditions that ascent was made of the steep inclines which lead to the Watersheddings enclo• sure. Towering aboye were the spurs of the Pennine chain looking picturesque in their snow-capped maiffle of spotless white. The ground itself also bore evidetice of the recent storm. On one side the snow had been swept into heaps, and for a touch line a trench had been dug in the snow. To make matters worse, a biting wind swept across the ground, and was a 4 much advan- tage to the teana that had it behind them as it was detrimental to the team called upon to face it.

Considering the unpropitious elements there was a I very satisfactory attendance, over 5,000 being present.! Amongst the "rou,gliyeds '' there seemed to be a de- cided confidence in the ability of the "cherry and whites " to wipe; out the blotch on the Oldham escut- cheon which was sustained in October last at Wilders- pool. One enthusiast was demonstrating his confid- ence by offering long odds that Oldham would win with a margin of six points. There were certainly grounds for this confidence. In the memory of the oldest spectator there was not one occasion when War- rington had retired victorious from the Watersheddings enclosure. The wirepullers had either been defeated or staved off defeat by a draw. Since 1895 these com- binations have played 14 matches, and Oldham have won all of them with the exception of three, which were lost at Warrington. On Saturday, a brand new three-quarter in the person of Arthur Hinge was placed in the Oldham team and there were great expe4ations respecting him. He is a tall wiry youth, with plenty of dash, but on Saturday i cannot be said he covered himself with glory. He may do better' as he becomes more accustomed to the. Oldham players.

Isherwood acted wisely, when on winning the 'toss he chose to have the stiff breeze behind his men in the first half. By its aid he was able to press his opponents almost the whole of the 35 minutes and to obtain a lead of five points at the interval. With the exercise of a little more precision in the giving and accepting of the ball from one player to another, the score might have been largely augmented. But the half-gale militated against accurate play and although Fish missed one or two openings he can hardly be blamed. Sometimes the wind blew the ball over his head and at others it went rolling along ,the ground instead of find- ing a place under his arm. To his credit, Fish scored the whole of the five points for Warrington and this so chagrined an Oldham lad tha he was heard to re- mark that "the Warrington team is all Fish." This is hardly true hut other teams besides Oldham have felt the sting of the finny creature., '

When Oldham had the wind behind them fti. the second half it was generally felt that the Warrington citadel would be lowered. The Oldham forwards went away with great dash and if the back division had shown greater resourcefulness there is ro doubt the result might have been different, but they didn't. On the afternoon's play, the Warrington backs completely outclassed the Oldham back division. In the forwards Oldham had the advantage, but the backs were mediocre and they were easily prevented from scoring. One could not help'contrastingithe back play of Oldham with that of previous years when such men as Hurst and McCutcheon,Davies and Fletcher,struck terror into the hearts of their opponents. But times have changed and one was inclined to remark "How have the mighty fallen," after witnessing the display of the -01Tham back division on Saturday.

The whole of the Warrington backs did themselves justice under great disadvantages and it is difficult to single out individuals. Hallam was quite as resource- ful as his vis-a-vis and both played uncommonly well. On one occasion it looked as if Hallam would score himself but he unselfishly threw across to Fish but that player was held up on the line. Fish has hardly shown the same dexterity in getting possession of the ball since his injury to his hand, which still troubles him: Harris was twice pulled up near the line and his turn of speed stopped Spottiswood from scoring on one °ed.- .sion. Both centres played a sound game and if one were inclined to find fault perhaps Dickenson might be charged with holding the ball a trifle too long on one or two occasions. Townson's play in the half-back division was closely watched and a favourable opinion was formed of him. He is full of resource behind the pack awl when he has an opening he feeds the backs unselfishly. His weakest point is in tackling but on - Saturday he had plenty of practice in this department and it was rarely that an opponent got the better of him. He is not a man to be spoken of in the same breath as " Smack " Bate, but he is certainly a player of promise and will justify the committee's selection ere long. Allen played one of his characteristic gaines,but there were some misgivings respecting him when he was penalised so often in dangerous proximity to the War- rington goal. Our forwards were not quite equal to •the Oldham eight, which was somewhat surprising. Taylor's play on Saturday justified his inclusion.

It is really remarkable when one comes to think of it, that Warrington should take four points out of Oldham, and more remarkable still that they should be inferior forward and superior behind. What must it have cost the Oldham scribe .to pen the following con fession in the " Athletic News?" •"fhe Warrington backs proved more tactful and fleet of foot than those of their opponents,and their rerurcefulness, with prob- ably the heavy character of the ground, were the lead- ing causes which conduced to victory." Such a com- ment should prove to our committee that the backs would do very well were the forwards stronger. Never since the Hunslet match on October 26th have the Warrington forwards lifted up their heads, so ro speak. I unhesitatingly say that in every match since : Brig- house Rangers, St. Helens (home and away) Halifax, Batley and Oldham they have had the worst of the forward argument. And yet some members of the committee say "it is not forwards we want but a class half-back." They want ;forwards more than any- thing.

Rather curiously the League leaders failed to get the better of the wooden-spoonists en Saturday at 'Brig- house, the match ending in a draw. Are the Rangers cracking up? We shall see when they come to War- rington. Hull are eood seconds and on Saturday defeated Halifax easily. Swinton made a "holy show" of Batley and crossed the cup-holders' line no fewer than six times—and Warrington cotild not get across once at Batley. Leigh had hard luck at Bradford and Huddersfield gave Hunslet a close game.

The League table now stands as follows : For

Awalwit.

P WL D ... 4 T PTES ... El T P PPS. Bro,:ghtonllanizers...l3 ”.Il 43-191...13 25-r 95...14 17— 79-.18 Oldharn Runcorn - 96... 9 15— 63...14 *Hunslet .Salford .Bwinton ll . 7 4 0...10 20— 80-14 8— 52...12 Leigh l4 .. 6 8 0...20 20-100-13 21—. 92...12 'Warrington Batley Bradford Halifax ll .2 7 9...11 12— 58...18 24-108... 6 Huddersfield Brighouse Rangers 14 ... 1 12 I_l2 8— 43...31 43-191... 3 *zalford, Swinton, Warrington, and Hunslet have each Lad two points deducted fur breech ot the rules.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

DEATH OF MRS. THOMAS GREENALL.--We regret to an UOUCICP the death of Mrs Thomas Green*lt, widow of the late Rev T Greenell, who for a emaiderable number of years was tha r spected Vicir of Grappenhall Church. After her husband's death, the deceased lady went to reside at Chester, where rho died on Friday evening at .3, St. Jchn'e-read, Queen's Park.

r niu rd IUO-; U (s. -• • Grown by Cuticura. MISS 8., a L., sends nig through our British Depot, Messrs. F. Nr.WnEllY SZ.; SONS, London, E. U. a • • strand of soft glossy hair - cut from her own head and ▪ measuring fifty-five inches in length which pievious to - • the use of CUTigtuA, was = dry, thin, and lifeless, and • cmne out in handfuls, to such an extent that she fear cd she would soon lose it. tAie attributes her tuagniti. cent head of hair to fre- wield, shampoos with CSTI- C URA SOAP, followed by • light dressings of CuTtcrnA I - gently rubbedinto the scalp. At.• •,-- - _ _ .

===== 0002601_19011220_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
L ALL 1-LIGILTS itESEIWED.

MISS TUTTLE'S MISTAKE,

- BY G. B. BURGIN. sfrk

Miss Tuttle was undeniably pretty: that was the worst of it; and she did things on the strength of her prettisese and 3ilusapness, Which would not have been tolerated .tor asi instant if they had been per- petrated by a snub-tweed. girl with a resemblance,ta Pharaoh's lean kine. •‘ Very well," was Miss Tuttle's-reply to her Mamma, when remonstrated -with on the subject -of her cruelty to young inei. "What are .yonag men for ? If they don't like it, they-can lump- it.' The expression was not ele- gant, butits general effect was to cause Miss Tuttle's admirers to "lump " each other with their fists, to the keen delight of that young lady, who was as unfeeling as ehe was pretty. " You ought to be 'ashamed of yourself," said. Miss Tuttle's Mamma, to her, about a Week before. Christmas. "Even this season of peace and good- will doesn't seem to have any effect on you. When I was .e. girl—and a very pretty girl your papa thought me—l didn't dare to go on so." "You see, Mammy," said Miss Tuttle, with an impertinent toss of her pretty head, " that was some time ago." "-Fortunately for you, Miss," retorted the indig- nant Mrs. Tuttle, "or you would have a good whipping." " Fancy your talking like that at this season of peace and goodwill!' Why, I'm too big to whip now, you cruel old- parent," said Miss Tuttle' se- renely. "I wonder you dare to recall your PA wickedness in that direction."

"It would be just as well if.you were to recall it ahe oftener," said Mrs. Tuttle. ".As I said just now, here Christmas coming, and yo; set all the young men by the ears instead of' promoting peace -and good-willamong them."' "I'm sure I do all I can to make them happy," said Miss Tuttle. "It isn't my fault if they will go quarreling with one another, and making love to me, and as to Christmas being a time of peace and good-will, I should like to make them all happy but I don't see how it's to be done. When I try to make one of them happy, all the others call him • names." It's your way of mismanagin,,,, things," said Mrs. Tuttle, severely. "When I was a young woman' I never allowed more than two people to make love to me at once. The one who didn't mean anything by his attentions, always kept the other up to the mark." "Well, you see, it's so much simpler to have half -a-dozen," said Miss Tuttle, serenely. " You can't always depend on one man being in a good temper. If you have five or six others to fall back upon, it makes things so much pleasanter all round. Everybody gets a chance then, and feels as if he had something to live for." "It may sound all very well in theory," said Mrs. Tattle, " but it won't work in real life. Now, you. are already beginning to get on in years and ought to settle down. If you don't aecept one of these ex- ceedingly eligible young men who are eating us out of house and home—(last Sunday's meat bill was simply preposterous)—you may find yourself an old maid, and you won't relish the prospect." "I don't know. There is always a goo& deal df I fun poked at old maids; but they get very much the best of the bargain if they've enough money to live on." " Yes but that is just what they haven't," said Mrs. Tuttle. ." Nowadays, everybody has to work for a living." " And that, I suppose, is why people marry.. Girls have to work for their husbands in order to keep them in a good temper and all that sort of thing. Well, I'm not going to marry anybody just yet, and if these reople come bothering me, I shall just tell them what I think of them." ' " Pity you can't select any one of them," said Mrs. Tuttle. " Here's Christmas coming on, and I can't bear to see you upsetting all the young men in the place and making them have uncharitable thoughts of one another. They'll get to look upon Christmas as a hollow mockery.'' "Christmas doesn't seem to. cause any difference to them," said Miss Tuttle. "They quarrel pretty much on an average all the year round, and the in- digestion caused by the things they eat here seems to make them more bitter than usual with one an- other."

"Well, your father and I have agreed we won't haveany more of-this nonsense. You must just pick one out of the half-dozen and stick- to him for better or worse. We can't go on like this, feeding every- one in the place without having any adequate return for our money, so to speak. Your Papa-says that you are an investment upon which he never gets any interes,t." •‘ I guess I can look after my own interests, and as to your wanting to get rid of me, I shall stay here just as long a, I lik • and marry whom I please; You shouldn't say such things to me at Christmas, you dear, unfeeling old Mammy, you." "You are a very undutiful girl l" said Mrs. Tut- tle, going off in a huff. This conversation set Miss Tuttle, thinking. It was true that half-a-dozen young men had failen in love with her pretty face ;' and it was equally true that she had not made up her mincl/which one out of the six she ought to marry. On Christmas Eve, whilst she wasstill in this un- decided-frame of mind, Miss Tattles six admirer& came in to spend the evening with her just- as the bells were beginning to ring. Miss Tuttle noticed that their countenances were illumined with the light of a stern resolve, and could not help thinking, that she had never seen six handsomer young men. It seemed such a pity to make five of them unhappy that she could not help regretting that she must de- cide in sonic way. She noticed, however, that when Mr. and Mrs. Tuttle had left the room, they did not break out into their customary light and airy con- versation, but sat stiffly erect. All of them had their hair cut exceedingly short: the one with a beard, had shaved it off; and, with a sinking of the heart, Miss Tuttle noticed that their moustaches were pointed at the ends in the approved Kitchener fashion. What on earth did it mean ? She was not long left in doubt as to their mean- ing, for Harry Singleton, the handsomest of the six, gave a preparatory cough, and said that, on behalf of the other five, he wished to askher•aquestion. " I hope it isn't a riddle. You aro not going to. -propose to me again this evening ? " apprehensively. enquired Miss Tuttle. " I am so tired of refusing you all, that you might give me a rest-on Christmas Eve when we should have nothing but.- kindly thoughts of one another. Mother has been making you a mince pie each in which to forget your mutual animosities. Now, don't take away yons,appeue„ by proposing to me, but be good boys, and. sing carols and eat nuts and tell me creepy ghost stories,. just as you did last year. But you all look so stern.: What is the matter? Don't, please don't, propose." " No, we are not going to propose to you, that is, not in the usual way," Said Harry Singleton; " but we have a proposal—a sort of collective pro- posal, as it were—to make to you. Perhaps you are not aware that we are all going to the Pliont 2" "Going where? You usually do go to the front when you come here. lam sure Mamma would never dream of asking you to. come in at the back door, although it would be so much more convenient sometimes when Papa doesn't want to see you." Harry looked at her sternly. "We have kradu- ally come to the conclusion that you have very little heart at all and that, as six good men and true, we should not be justified in wasting our lives on a flirt." _ _ _ - _ .

'I am not a. flirt," said Miss Tuttle, indignant- ly " and if you're all going to be disagreeable you had better go home again without your mince pies, so there !' But she looked inclined to cry, and seemed to thiuk that something unpleasant was com- ing.

"The fact is," said Harry Singleton, pausing dra- matically, in order to give due effect to his an- nouncement, " have all volunteered for the Front. and we all ieEsapTses la'e'cbshetrhie,l"aanlell fel‘t‘faWinltia. t thare her little chickens " were about to desert her. She could scarcely realise the fact, then looked into their stern resolved faces, and felt that Ishe would never see them again. "What do you want to go to the F-front for F" she asked, in trembling tones. " You—you—you'd much better stay at the back. It—it's co much safer." • "We are going to the Front because you are al- ways putting us into the background," said Harry Singleton, ominously. "We have come to the con. einsion that we had much better serve our country than waste our time here whilst you are endeavour. trig to make up your mind which of us you will ren- der uncomfortable for life." • " Don't be rude," said Miss Tuttle. "On Christmas Eve, too, to say a nasty epigrammatic sort of thing like that. Because you have volun- teered, is no reason why you should insult me. If I have caused you to volunteer, I have done the country a service for which it might to be grateful." "I suppose you mean," said Harry," that Eng- land ought to be grateful to get rid of us ?" "I think so." said Miss Tuttle. _.l.l'eople_who

can oe rude to a lady are just as well our of the country, among their fellow bores. You can go and fight for all you are worth; I will have nothing to do with any of you." "Oh. yes, you, will," said Harry, with meaning. " We have arrived at the conclusion that as most of us are likely to be killed, the survivors will come back and you can make your choice from them. Still, as we are going to the field of battle, we do not intend to go without something to which to look forward."

" C—c—can't you look forward to me ?" faltered Miss Tuttle. " 1

" No " said Harry, "because in that case we should :111 be in the same position as before. We have therefore arranged that aU of us who are killed will come back to haunt you next Christmas. I dare- say," he added gloomily, "that most of us will be killed, and then our gory ghosts will appear to you and—and you'll be sorry for the unfeeling way you have treated us." " Oh, don't !" said Hiss Tuttle. "Please don't. -It would be so exceedingly uncomfortable, and you'd see our Christmas Eve slipper and not be able to eat any of it. It is difficult enough for you to agree now; but if half of you become ghosts and half survive, I fancy that the relations will be more strained than before.'

" It doesn't seem to bother you much," sarcasti- cally remarked one of the others. "You know what a martyr I sin to lumbago. You're simply sending me to my death."

"Be quiet !" said Singleton, peremptorily, "and don't be rude to Miss Tuttle. What I propose is, that before we start she shall agree to marry the sur- vivor of us. As for myself, I have a rooted convic- tion that there will be only the remnant of one of us left."

"I can't marry a remnant," said Mips Tuttle, with spirit. " Don't talk to me as if you were left over from a sale, but sit down and be nice and Christmassy and sing me songs of Araby or any other music you've brought with you. Why can't you all stop quietly at home and let me make up my mind when I have time ?"

"Because," said another of her admirers, "we are not likely to live more than a hundred years. At the exceedingly leisurely rate at which you are making up your mind, we should most of 'us die of oll•age before you came to any decision." "I don't know why you are all so abominably rude to-night," faltered Miss Tuttle. " Here's Christmas coming on, when everything should be pleasant and comfortable, and you are upsetting all its pleasant traditions by your unpleasant behaviour. Do have a mince pie each, and let bygones be by- gones."

"We mean that we start in a week," said Single- ton, disregarding her piteous appeal, "and that most of us expect to be killed. If we are, we shall come back and haunt you." "But I don't want to be haunted," said Miss Tuttle, with decision. "It's all very well to be haunted in Christmas stories, but in real lifd it would be most unpleasant; it would send such a creepy-crawly feeling down my back. Besides, I can't have your ghosts dgetting about my room and telling me how you died and all that sort•of thing. There are plenty of other 'girls in the place. Why can't five of you go and propose to five of them P"

" I never thought of that," said admirer Num- ber Two.

"Nor I," said Number Three. "Nor I," said Number Four. "Nor I," said Number Five.

"You see !" said Miss Tuttle. "When you come to think over the matter sensibly, there is really no difficulty. This is Christmas time—a time of universal peace and goodwill. Now, you five just go oil and make love to the nicest girls you can think of, and, let me settle the other patt of the mat- ter with Mr. Singleton." Five of the young mai looked exceedingly foolish. They had not thought ofsthis solution'' of the diffi- culty, and fancied that they were making them- selves ridiculous. On a wave of the hand from Singleton, in whom they had implicit faith, they .filed out of the room with a vain attempt to look military and reproachful at the same time. Then Singleton, who remained, looked at Miss Tuttle, and Miss Tuttle looked at Singleton. Singleton thought that she had never been more lovely ; Miss Tuttle thought Singleton singularly handsome. "I suppose," said Singleton, with tragic em- phasis, "you don't mind the anguish you may cause to five other girls by this inconsiderate suggestion of yours? These fellows seem to do everything you tell them, no matter whether they like it or not."

"Well," said Miss Tuttle, "why don't you go and d 6 the same? There are plenty of girls in the wlace. You have only to follow their example and pick out one and then it can't matter to me whether you go to South Africa or stop at home." "No, I 4uppose not," said Singleton, moodily switching his leg with the light whip he carried in his hand, after the manner of a recruiting sergeant who wishes to impress an admiring crowd. "Of course you don't really care if I'm slain upon the field of battle. I—l--I've not been very well late- ly," (lia• looked the beau ideal of vigorous man- hood) "and it wouldn't take much to settle me. Well, I might perhaps worry through. What would you think of me if I came back with one arm and sine leg gone, and a Victoria Cross ?" "I should not be in a position to think," said Miss Tuttle. " If you take my advice, you will pro- pose to some other girl, and she will do all the think- ing necessary in the circumstances." " And you call this a Christmas spirit F" asked Singleton- bitterly, seeing that Miss Tuttle was not to be moved by his pathetic picture. "You are the most unfeeling girl I have ever had anything to d. with."

Miss Tuttle turned her face to the fire. "I am sorry you think so badly of me. I have been trying very hard to make the six Of you happy; and I don't appear to have succeeded in any way." Singleton looked surprised. "I didn't even know that you had been trying." Then be suddenly clasped her in his arms, kissed her again and again. and went away to the Cape, with the Christmas bell, ringing in his ears, and leaving Miss Tuttle bathe?, in blushes. Presently the blushes gave way to smiles. " I had no idea that waxed moustaches were so ticklyt" she murmured to the row of neglected mince pies; "I do hope that horrid old Kruger won't hurt him." Then she fell into a reverie, and the chiming of the bells seemed to change to a wedding march.

• Although Singleton went away, Miss Tuttle, as the months rolled on, found, that Pve of her admirers still remained in England. She could not account for it until, meeting one of them two months before Christmas, she asked him why he had not gone to .‘ The Iront."

The youth in question, one Harvey Shillingford, looked exceedingly shamefaced, although previously to his meeting Miss Tuttle he had seemed radiantly happy. He cast his eyes on the ground and shufibltd his feet in an uneasy way. " I am afraid," be said, " that we owe you an apology for having deceived you. We all thought that you didn't care a button for any of us, and so agreed to enlist. Then five of us backed out at the last moment, after taking your advice about the other girls, you know, and Singleton was the only one who really went to the Cape. He said we had treated you shamefully, and were a set of miserable sneaks, but that you were the only girl in the world for him, and if he couldn't win you, he'd gladly die on the —on the battlefield. He's been badly wounded I hear."

"You are a paved of cowards I" said Miss Tuttle bitterly. " He is the only gentleman of the six, and 'I sent him to his death. I wonder you didn't go out Ito look after him, instead of neglecting your duty to ;your country and stopping at home just to amuse. ;yourselves with a party of foolish girls. I can never be oufficiently thankful that I would have nothing to do with any of you," and she swept away in a whirlwind of indignation. During the course of the next week her five ad- mirers were married, and Miss Tuttle sent them wed- ding presents, but did not call on tbetr wives. When she saw one of them in the distance, she turned aside, thinking of Harry Singleton, and how welt he had behaved, for he had written to her father to say that his wounded tam was well and that, although ho had not yet won the Victoria Cross, he had gained a commission in Brabant's Horse, -Which was the next best thing to it. When she rememtered the moustache incident (in- deed she seldom forgot 4t) Miss Tuttle was fantoo proud to write to lam ib reply; but, although she had read of heroines in fiction doing the same thing, she carefully studied the lists of the wounded, and breathed a little prayer of thankfulness every time she did not find his name. At last, however, she did find it. This time his wound was serious, for he was -Alit is technically known as a " lunger," i.e., he had received u bullet through his lungs, and nothing but tins most careful nursing could save him.

When Miss Tuttle realrsed this, she wept bitter tears, and regretted that she had not been brought up as a professional nurse. All she could do was to stop at home and weep when she thought of her own folly, and how Singleton had thrown away his life because he thought she did .not care for him. As she at by the fire on Christmas Eve, she could not help somewhat bitterly contrasting her last year's experiences with those of the present moment. Then, she had six admirers; now, the probability was that she _was without elgn one; and, looking intojiero.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
no EXAMINER, FRID P )ECE MBER 2O 1901.

saa nearr, as me tdirisimits yens vegan....- side, Miss Tuttle decided that she did not want an- other lover. Sihgleton's manly faith and oimplicity had won her affection for ever and ever. The same thoughts seemed to have occurred to Mrs. Tuttle, as she bustled in and out arranging holly and mistletoe and generally trying to impart a festive aspect to the evening. At last, she came . softly into the room with a plate of mince pies and put them on the table with a sidelong glance at Miss !Fettle, whose eyes filled with tears, although she pretended not to notice. Mrs. Tuttle looked somewhat wistfully at her pale- checked daughter. Miss Tuttle was prettier than ever with that refinement of prettiness which sorrow alone can give. "It does seem," said Mrs. Tattle, with a mourn- ful attempt at cheerfulness, " Us if things might be worse, and then again they might not. Last year we were all so merry and cheerful, although those young men did not eat their mince pies; now, five of them have homes of their own, and can ruin their digestions without our help."' Miss Tuttle flung her arms about her mother's neck and began to cry. Mrs. Tuttle, whose sternne.s was all on the surface, patted her gently on the back and comforted her. "There 1 There! There! Don't take on so. I'm sure it's all for the best." "And I'm sure it's all for the worst," said Miss Tuttle. "There was only one man out of the six who was worth anything, and now he's probably d —d—d—dead !" .

Mrs. Tuttle's attempts at consolation being time repulsed, she hastily went outside, wiping her eyes with the corner of her apron. Left to her own sad musings, Miss Tnttlersat in. the armchair which she had once occupied as a throne, and gazed into the fire. There was no light in the room. Outside the music of the bells mourn- fully told her of the mistake she had made in trifling with the feelings of the one true-hearted lover who had gone to the wars for her sake and for that of his country, while the other five had stopped at home in ignoble peace. Miss Tuttle could not help wiping away a tear as she gazed into the fire. When a cin- der fell out in the form ot a coffin, she felt convinced more than ever that she would never be happy again. The falling snow glimmered greyly against the windows as if it were vainly beating for an entrance into the warm room. Miss Tuttle got up in order to draw the curtain. Then it seemed to her as if she were going toward a world of ghosts. She hastily resumed her seat, her head resting upon her pretty hands, as her thoughts went back to the five young men who were most likely having all sorts of pleas- ant meetings on this particular evening. She could hear in imagination all the nice things those girls would say of her. Perhaps, now that the other girls were married, they would pity her loneliness. She couldalso hear her father's jovial voice in the ball as he put up branches of holly and mistletoe, and scratched his fingers with the prickly leaves. Even that did not disturb his good temper, for he made jokes to her mother about when they had stood under the mistletoe thirty years ago. As the bells rang sadly outside, it seemed to Miss Tuttle that she had for ever missed the chance of mingling in similar senti- mental scenes, and, taking up: the poker, she gave a ferocious lunge at a smouldering lump of coal. When the coal began to burn, Miss Tuttle dropped the poker with a clatter, and again returned to her dreary musings. Suddenly, that creepy-crawly feeling of which she had so much dread, began gradually to spread down her spine. She turned towards the door with a half-stifled shriek as if afraid of something. What was that coming noiselessly through the door towards her? A grey, palpable, shapeless form which, as it drew nearer, Raduallx assumed the semblance of a human being. Then Miss Tuttle knew that lightly-spoken words had borne fruit, and that this was her lover's ghost. At first, while the fear lasted, it seemed to Miss Tuttle as if her heart would stand still. Then, as she recognised Harry Singleton's pale face, and his large reproachful eyes sparkling with an unearthly light, a novel sensation took possession, of her. All her fear fled. She was no longer alone in the world. After abandoning all hope of seeing her lover again, it was a solemn comfort to meet him even as a ghost. She fell on her knees with a little entreating cry, and stretched out her hands towards him, as the ghost regarded her with sad imploring eyes. " So you have come back at last, Harry ?" she said, with tears in her voice. " I was sitting here, feeling so lonely and wretched, thinking how I had wasted my life. The bells outside seemed to mock me, and whisper how wicked I had been to throw away your true affection. For the rest of my life. I shall always be alone. But now that you have conic to me, say one word, tell me that you forgive me all my foolish mistake, and that, although you may never appear to me again, you will pardon the harm that I have done you." Then she burst into tears, and her head drooped lower and lower until it almost touched the ghost's feet. As the ghost made no sign, she raised her hands imploringly and entreated it not to go away. "If," she said, • you only knew how much I have longed to see you again or hear from you, you would never have kept silent so long. , I found out, when you kissed me, Harry, you were the only man I had ever loved. Now, lam left alone for the rest of my life to think of all I have lost through my folly. , Christmas makes me feel more bitterly what I have thrown away ; but you know it was not wickedness on my part, only thoughtlessness. I did love you, Harry, with all my heart, and I shall love your memory for ever." The ghost seemed surprised. Then, it fell on its knees beside Miss Tuttle and put a very real arm round her waist. " Don't you know me, dearest ?" Miss Tuttle gave a wild shriek and fainted. Mr. and Mrs. Tuttle burst into the room. " How did you get in here F" asked Mr. Tuttle severely. "I thought you were dead." " Well, last time I was here," said Harry, " your daughter told me it would be more convenient if I came round to the back instead of going in at the front. The back door was open, and you and Mrs:. Tuttle were so busy kissing each other under the mistletoe that I crept quietly into the parlour and found this dear girl here alone." Mrs. Tuttle rushed towards Harry Singleton and flung her arms round his neck. "Then you're not dead, after all, my dear boy ?" Miss Tuttle looked up through her tears. " I knew at once when his moustache began to t—tickle, that it couldn't be a ghost." She clutched Harry by the arm again to make sure that he really was alive, and. he kissed her before her father and mother in the most unblushing manner. " You're quite sure you're not dead ?" enquired Mr. Tuttle, in an unbelieving tone of voice. "You're thin enough to be dead !" "Of course, I'm not," answered Harry. " Can a dead man kiss people ?" And lie kissed Mrs. Tuttle no less heartily than she had kissed him. Then, as Mr. Tuttle seemedstill undecided, Harry's eyes fell on the mince pies. Can a ghost eat mince pies ?" he asked, in tones of real feeling. The next moment there was one mince pie less in the world. The disappearance of the mince pie convinced even Mr. Tuttle that Singleton was still alive. " How did you manage to get here just in time for our Christ- mas dinner ?" he asked. " You might have let us know about it."

"Well, you see,': said Harry, " I decided to give you a little surprise, and, as the last time I was here I did not feel particularly welcome, I thought per- haps, if I came in quietly and. apologised to your daughter for all the rude things I had said to her, she might forgive me. It was my mistake alto. gether.'' " No," said Miss Tuttle, with derision. " The mistake was wholly mine, . and if you will only for- give me, Harry, I will never forget it as long as I live."

The bells once more rang out, but, ob. how differ- ently. Their music was Charged with hopeand joy and love. As Harry took Miss Tuttle into his arms, the waits joined in with a merry chorus. whereupon Mr. Tuttle rushed into the garden to distribute the rest of the mince pies and entreated every red-nosed wait "to give it a name." The red-hosed ones gave it a name," and also, led by Mr. Tuttle, sup- plied three cheers for the future Mrs. Singleton. " Now," said Mr. Tuttle, dulling back out of breath with his exertions, "let's sit down and have a mussel of something to eat. I don't know when I've looked forward to Christmas so mach in all my life, do you, nother ?" " Mother," otherwise Mrs. Tuttle, stated in un- equivocal terms that this was the happiest day of her life, and the lovers were left alone.

" It MIA all my fault," Miss Tuttle insisted. " I don't think it was any such thing," said Singleton. " considering the mean trick those fel- 'lows played on both of us. You were perfectly justi- fied in not being able to make up your mind with re.gard to such rubbish." '• Bat I forgot all Christmas traditions and Christ-

Alas influence's," said Miss Tuttle,- with a sigh ; " and it seems to ,me that I am singularly fortunate ill picking oat the only man that was worth having. Ever atter you left, I kept on reading those Christ • mas stories about ghosts, and the morel read, the more frightened I became. I was really very lonely last Christmas, though I didn't like to say SO when you said you were going off in a body, it , seemed to me that Christmas wasn't worth living through." " Let's make another attempt this Christmas," said_Singletom with much meaning. "

===== 0002601_19011220_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
rmanager to ouy a diamona fiirni an old Kaffir which I think would suit your left hand Admirably," and, drawing a handsome ring from his pocket, ho fitted it on to Miss Tuttle's pretty third finger. " But suppose yott-4ad been killed !" said Miss Tuttle, looking at his features worti and pale with suffering. "Then I should have haunted you," said Single- ton, with decision. " I was bound to see you again, somehow. Now, I'll make haste and get well, and we'll be marrieo "

Then you i: ia7: I didn't make a mistake. after all ?"

"I'm sure of it," said Singleton, with fervour. And the bells broke in with an approving chorus.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FixtUreS for SPAS.OI2 1901-1902 FIRST TEAM. MITE. CLUB. GROUND. 1911. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford ...... ...... away 6 2 21.'s Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn home 10 3 Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home postponed 23 Halifax away 5 8 3) St. Helens .......................me 11 5 Dec. 7 Batley a vay 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield home 25 I eigh 26 Runcorn away 28 Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 4 Hull 11. Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home Feb. 1 Salford home 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford away 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South ShielCia 31. Wigan April 5 Wigan 12 19 Champions v Res, 26 Final Cup ............

RUNCORN.

DATE. 19j1.

CLUB.

GROUND.

Points For Ag et Sep.llt7 Hull U Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11. 0 28 Warrington away 3 19 Oct. 5 Hunsiet 12 Oldham away 3 5 14 Brighouse Bangers 19 St. ile:ens 25 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield ...... 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 33 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 14 0 21 Broughton Rangers home 25 (Xmas Day) Brougllton B.— home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home ?.3 Salford home 1902. Jan. I Hull home 4 Broughton Rangers 11 18 Leigh away 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Banger. 11 (Shrove luesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 8 Salford away ' 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Die 12 Semi•final Cup Tie 19 Champiems v. Rest 26 Final Coo Tie

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WIDNES. CLUB. GROULID. 1931. Points For Ag'at Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham home 28 0 Oct. 5 Moreosmlre away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 26 Lancashire v. Cheshire In Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 0 9 Barrow borne 13 4 16 Altrlncham 23 3) Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers 14 Lancaster la 'me 29 5 21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas La)') 26 (Bank Holiday) 4 28 • 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Barrow away 11. Lanes, v. Cumberland, in Lancs. 18 Radcliffe home 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Horliets • 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe horna 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens •... borne 15 Cup Pro. Askarn 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 6 Cup Tie 12 Miliom away

ST. I:IIi:LENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901.

Points For Agi t

Sep. 7 Wigan away 2 8 14 Lancaster h Ina. 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 28 Rochdale llornets away 9 8 Cot. 6 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 0 3 19 Runcorn home 0 2 28 Lancaster away 4 17 23 Laws. v Cheshire. in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe away 19 0 11 Warrington home 9 17 16 Birkenhead away 5 0 23 Diatom away 8 6 3) Warrington away 5 11 Dec. 7 Radcliffe home 23 6 la Barrow away 5 7 21 Morecambe 25 (Chri itmaa Day) 26 Bank Holiday)

igan . away 19D2. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrincharn away 11 Lana. V Cumberland In Lanes. 15 Stockport home M. 1 Morecambe borne 8 Widnes away

22 Cup Tie. Kali Kingston K•... away

, •;,. ; - • A " -•" METHODIST : „ MINISTER • • ~. of 43 years' standing, says, - "For years I was troubled , with Indigestion and consti- pation, and suffered greatly ..w4 from giddiness, nervous de- bility and sleeplessness. ti E 115 4,4), gygtir "The best medical skill seemed . of no avail, and I quite thought or' inyministerial work was coming to a close. However, a friend ssel;r? urged ma to try Se:gel's Syrup, ' and four bottles sufficed to 'mike - my cure complete." s‘,.. , _ (ffev.) J. SPIEMiLIST, .117interton, Doncaster, , s . •

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

Ax ACTIOR APPEARS AT THE POLICE COURT.- SINGULAR CONDUCT.

An actor named Stephen Holmes Robson, lodging at 27, Golborne-street, appeared at the Warrington Police Court on M mdav, on charges of wilfully breaking a number of panes of glass In the window of a house, 27. Golborne-street on Sunday night, and also with assaulting Rachel Turner,the tenant of the 11,use. He admitted breaking the glass and pleaded provocation, but pleaded not guilty to the assault.— hachael Turner said she kept a professional lodging-house at 27, Golborne-street. The prisoner had lodged there for four weeks. She had bad unpleasantness with him two or three times. On Sunday afternoon prisoner was going into the room of another lady, when witness forbade him to do so. He tried to enter the room forcibly, and she prevented him. He called her some very *ad names, and afterwards cast aspersions upon the characters of everybody in the house. He said he would knock witness's brains out, and be struck her on the ride of the head with his clenched fist. He was eventually persuaded togs into his own room. Witness was very frighteaed, and sent for a constable. An officer came and cautioned the prisoner. After that,she believed prisoner went to sleep, and at eight o'clock in the evening left the house. He returned about a quarter past ten. Witness heard a knock at the door, and on asking who was there received no answer. She opened the door and saw the prisoner. She told him he was trot to come into the house again. He pushed her backwards and forcibly entered the house. He closed the door. She opened it and called tol a lodger named Sergeant. With his help she got the prisoner into the street. She then closed the door and locked it. Prisoner swore and said he would enter the house by some means or other. He then smashed about eleven panes of glass in the window. Sergeant went out for a oonstable,but on his return prisoner had gone. Witness subsequently went to the Police Station and saw the prisoner. His right hand was covered with blood. He said he had broken the window in a lit of temper against his wife. Prisoner said he was very agitated when ,he went to the house in the afternoon. He was going to see a lady friend who was staying in the house, and he was prevented. A constable was afterwards brought in. He had been having a wordy argument with his wife, and Mrs Turner had interfered. He went out in the evening to look for other lodgings, and came back with the intention of taking away his belongings. He was entering the house when two men knocked him down and kicked him, he was sorry he broke the window. Mrs Turner struck him in the afternoon, and he retaliated by pushing her down two or three steps —He dist not strike her. —The magistrates Unposed a fine of 5s and costs (21 1.5 s 6d) or in default of payment 14 days' imprison- ment.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES. ---- Warrington Borough Court.

RIDLT —Be'ore the Deputy Mayor (in tht.chair). Councillor

Smethurst, Messrs Thornton and flephend. TRESPASSING ON THE CHESHIRE LINES RAILWAY STATION. —A WARNING T ) LOAFERS—AIfred Beckett, 37 Scotland- road and Patrick Richard Moran, 15 Pk.rtland-street, were summonedfor trespassing on the Cheshire Lines Railway at 'Warrington on the 26th and 28th November respectively. Defendants did not appear.—Superintendent Detective Simpson conducted the prosecution on behalf of the 0 L C. —William Bradshaw Taylor. a constable employed by the O L C, stated that on November 26th he saw the defendant Beckett on the platform of Central Station. Defendant said he had come there for newspapers. Witness requested him to leave the station but he refused to go, and witness had to eject him. Subsequently defendant returned and witness put him off again. Defendant made use of obscene language and threatened to take his (witness's) life with a knife. He had frequently had occasion to order defendant off the station. On the 28th November Moran was on the platform stopping passengers and asklng to be allowed to carry their luggage. He refused to leave the station when quested and witness put him o/, Defendant returned and witness ejected him a second time, Defendant was an habitual loafer and a buisance at the station.—Evidence was also given by William Cliffe, a cab driver.—The Chief Constable said defendants were weV-known to the police as station loafers and thieves. Beckett, who was known as "Lawyer Beckett." was 0"e of the beat-known loafers in Warrington and had repeatedly been sent away from the station. He was a perfect nuisance to passengers. Beckett had made six appearances and Moran eleven. Moran had been before the Court for theft and obstructing the police.—The Bench imposed a fine of 20s, and costs with the option of a month's Imprisonment• LICENSED VICTUALLER SUMMONED—Thomas Massey. licensee of the •• Waggon and Horses " Inn. Buttermarket- street, was summoned for making use of threats towards Sarah Cliff e, 63. Buttermarket-street on December 7th.—Mr Steel appeared for te complain- ant and defendant was represented by Mr Browne. —Mr Steele said there had been some little

friction between the parties regarding the entry to the pro- perty, and Mr Cliffe had complained to the Chief Constable of what he alleged to be a nuisance. On the d ste in question Mrs Cliffe was alone in her husban s's shop, and defendant came in aud told her she had been throwing dirty water down his grid. Complainant said she had not, and defendant said " You had better not let me catch you outside or I will pull the hair off your head." Defendant also made use of othqr threats, and as a result Mrs Cliffe was very much upset and Dr Peacoese had to be called ia.—Defendant denied making use of threats, and complained of Mr and Mrs Clare throwing refuse into the entry.—Mr Browne said the dispute between the parties had arisen as a consequence of the municipal election in which Councillor Shilicock was opposed by Mr Cliffe. Mr Massey happened to be a:friend of CounciPor Shillcock.The rase was a deliber- ately " trumped up" one—The Chairman said the Bench were not unanimous in their opinion but the majority had come to the conclusion that although there had evidently been feeling on both sides, there was no evidence to justify a conviction. The case would be dismissed, "DECD SET" AGAINST • CYCLE MANUFACTURER.—Arthur Warielin, 43, Mersey Street, Harry Jones. 37, Rose and Crown Street. and Joseph Clare, 18. Littons Row, boys, were summoned for committing wilful damage to a sign board, the property of David Henry Guest, cycle manufac- turer. 47, Mersey Street, on Dezemb, r Bth.—Mr Steel appeared for the cemplainant.—The case against Widelin was withdrawn in consequence of the Production of a medical certificate as to his condittion.—Mr Steel said that for some time his client had been troubled by boys and girls congregating round his shop window and in an adjoining entry. Matters had come to such a pass that complainant felt bound to bring this case before the Coast as a waraing. tOn the Mate fin question ten or twelve boys, inencling the defendants, threw mud at the shop window and the signpost, completely covering them. It would cost at least 5s to put the signpost right again.— The Chief Constable said this practice was a regular thing and there seemed to be a" dead set" against Mr Guest to drive him out of the neighbourhood—Thu Bench tined de- fendants 36 6d each--A young mars named James Monks, 43, Mersey-street, was summoned at the Instance of David Henry Guest fir committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Mersey-street.—After bearing the evidence the magistrates bound defendant over to keep the peace and ordered him to pay the costs (108 6d). DRUNK ANN REFUSING TO QUIT.—Joseph Birchall, 82, Church-street, was summoned for being drunk and refusing to quit the " General Wolfe" Inn, Church-street, when requested to do so by Ernest Burton. the barman,—Burton stated that on Monday evening defendant came into the house and called for drink. Witness could see he bad had enough and refused to serve him, lie asked defendant to leave the premises but he refused and following witness behind the bar, struck him.—Defendant who made his fourth appearance was fined 20s. Itlortnir.—Bef.:re Mi.F Mance fin the chsir). r . .

Smethurst. and Mr. S Wright.' AN IMPUDENT THEM—Samuel Gough, 3, Hill's-yard Stamford-street, was charged with stealing thirteen men's shirts value 125., from the shop of Benedict Tyrer, pawn- broker, Winwick-stroet, on Saturday evening.—The Chief Constable said ttat a boy named Ernest Bracegirdle, who was emp`oyed by hr Tyrer to keep a watch over the things exposed for sale outside the shop saw the prisoner Mitering about the shop The shirts mentioned in the charge were Inside the 'vestibule of the shop door and prisoner after looking up and down in a furtive manner to Lee it anyose was watching Wm, picked up the shirts and made off. The boy told nu assistant named John Evans who followed the prisoner and eventually ran him to earth in a chip shop. title man was given into custody. The theft was evidently pre- meditated because just previously the prisoner had impu- dently gone into the pledge shoo of Mr Tyrer and obtained apiece of brown paper in which he wrapped up the shirts. Prismer was fined 10s and costs with the &Hematite of 24 days' Imprisonment. WINDoW SMASHING IN DIAL-STREET.—Miebael Moylan, 35, Town Hill, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dial-street at 10.15 on Saturday night and wilfully break- ing four panes of glass at the house, 18, Dial-street, doing damage to the amount of 35.-4ary Bury. residing at 18, Dial-street stated that she was In her house at 10 o'clock on

Saturday night when she heard a disturbance taking place in the entry. Ultimately prieo,,er came and kicked the door in and broke four panes of glass in the window with his foot.—P.S. Williamson stated that he saw the prisoner staggering about the street and shouting out that he was robbed.—Prisoner t-di the magistrates he was robbed by the , complainant and another woman, a statement which Mrs Rory emnhaticaliy deniet—Prisoner was lined 5s and costs on each charge or in default 14 days' Imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNEenlY—Before Cat?ta7Withington tin the chair) and

Colonel Ridgwari• A MAINTENANCE ORDER INCREASED.—CASE PROM PAD- GATE.—Uron the name of Peter Horridge, of Poulton, being called. Mr Browne said he appeared for Mrs Horridge. wile of the defendant, who kept the Post 0f11:!e at Padgate. Some time in 1899 an order was made in that +Court for the payment by the defendant of Sc a week, and three children, It WAS at that time understood that his wages were 221 per week. and that he had two sons to keep. hoe order was made by consent, He (Mr Browne) afterwards found that he did not keep the sons and that one was living in Wigan. and the other in bt Helens. Subsequently they both went to South Africa. Three weeks ago siefeuclant summoned his wife to show cause why the order should not be reduced. He (Mr Browne then got pirticulars of his wages. Defendant score that he got less than 22s per week. He (Mr Browne produced a certificate, showing that his average wages were 37s odd. The summons WAS, of course, die- missed, and he advised his client to take out a summons for an increased amOun,. The defendants average wages for thirteen weeks were £1 16. 10d. The wife bad been ill, and could not attemt to her business. She had also had a child ill for four months. She had still three children to keep. On the last ocaasion defendant wilfully misled the Court and the solicitors, and committedtwilful perjury.—Mrs Horridge gave eKidence in support of Mr Browne's ststement.—Mr Porshaw on behalf of the defend- ant said he was instructed that the circumstances of the

case had in no way altered since the order was made, The defendant's wages were 51 a day, and bad been so for 23 years. He had salso made overtime occasionally. The magistrates increased the order to 10s per week. MlLti SELLER SMARrLY FINED.—WiIIi&OI Bryan, milk- seller, Pennington-lane. Burtonwood, was summoned for Belling milk without being registered.—He admitted the Offence, and said he did not know it was necessary,—Mr F.. Rerfoot. Rural District Council inspector said the defendant had previously carried on thtbusiness in St. Helens, and was registered there. He must have known he had to be regis- tered.—A. fine of 2e. and costs was Imposed. THErr OF Caiirluas —Patrick Hanlon, a labourer, was fined 10s. and Costs for stealing several cabbages, valued at, &I„ from a field belonging to Mr. George Comber, at Burton- wood oniTuesday.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING DEATHS

Occur everyday through the neglect of Lumbago. Pens in the Back, Gravel, Kidney Disease, Sciatica. Rheu- matism. etc. These can be prevented and lives saved by Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Guaranteed to be a positive, cure. Money returned If not satisfied. Is. lfd. au, Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. lIOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckheaton, York

===== 0002601_19011220_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ROOM AND DAN MOULDINGS.

PICTURE FRAME, Bnghs and Foreien Pictare F:am,s. If very rdqaisite for the trade. Itegiliildg a Sp.?etaldty. Largest Stock of Mon d:ngs hi he Kinknan. send for pvrriotg New Elitaon, tuaroaghl; revel and en'arge4. to 3.69: pages. F':llll.lHKst. With all New Patterns and Desizns up to date. Post Free for rz Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Rock asts fra on opio!ication. H. MORill, 11 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREWISTREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDOH, W.L. Warenodge3 11, If sad i 3, Neti's YAr 1, adi 41, Neal Stree:. Te'e;raph!::: .I.ddreis : Lontou."

I

SMI

I

===== 0002601_19011220_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

HoNDAL—Before Sir Richard Brooke (in the chair) and Mr

A R Norman.

OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—WiIIiam Landay, seaman on the " Lilly Barnes," at present in the dusk, was nned be and costs for using obscene language. A MAINTENANCE ORDER.—Joseph Denning was summoned by his wife Bmrna Denning fox having neglected to pay the sum of 5s weekly on a maintenance order, under which he then owed £3 10s.—Prosecutrix having stated her case, the defendant said he had us 2d on him whi,th he would give her Babe would withdraw the summons.—After a lot of desultorw conversatlon,th m e prosecutrix agreed to this,and the sumose was accordingly withdrawn.

" WANTED'''. -;'0 BE -10.CIED UP."—Edward Smith was charged with being drunk on Saturday.—P C Bowyer, wha proved the case, said. that when he arrested the prisoner ha said wanted to be lozked up. (Laughter.) Sent to gaa for sevea days.

DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT WIDNES. Early on Sunday morning a serious fire broke out at the Albert-road Wesleyan School. It appears that about five o'clock on Sunday morning the wife of the caretaker, whose house adjoins the build- ing, noticed a strong smell of fire. She immedi- ately aroused her husband, and, on going into the cellar, he found the floor over the heating apparatus on fire. Ile gave the alarm to the fire station, and the brigade turned out under Deputy Superin- tendent Franklin,and on their arrivalit was found that the fire had secured a good hold and practi- cally the whole of the interior was in flames. After about an bout's playing on the fire, they succeeded in extinguishing the flames. The damage is esti- mated at about £5OO, which is covered by insur- ance.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA SUBDUED

IN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS. I If you are suffering, or it any ot your children are suffering from Coughs, Influenzs, Bronchitis, Asthma, • Sore Throat, or Whooping Cough, Veno's Lightning Cough Cure will rapidly cure you. It is a new scientific remedy of unsurpassed excellence, vastly superior to or- dinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. It clears the bronchial tube;, removes cold from toe head, and cures the aching puns ot Influenza and Pleurisy, gives perfect ease in breathing and will SfOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. During the epidemic of La Grippe or Influenza which raged throughout North America in 1897, Veno's Light- ning Cough Cure reduced the Death Rate to such an extent that physicians never hesitated to prescribe it. It has the peculiar effect of rapidly subduing this affliction at the same time overcoming the after effects. CAULION.—AeII for Verm's Lightning Cough Cure,be sure you get it. The dealer will probably tell you he has one of his own ; tell him you want \Term's, and in- sist on it. Price is 10 and 2s 9d. All Chemists.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. A New Organ at Buckley-street Chapel.

Special services were held in the Methodist Free Chapel, Buckley-street, in connection with the opening of the new organ. The service in the morning was con- ducted by Mrs Simpson, and in the evening ny Mr A. Corney. The choir, under the leadersnip of Mr J H Cook, and aasisted by an orchestral band, sang special authaia.arad two solos, " Abide wan Die " and "Lead, k ndly L'ght," were tastefully rendered by Madame F Christian. In the afternoon the ceremony of the open- ing of the new organ was performed. Mr A Jenniwtsr president of the church,after a few well-chosen remarks. presented Mis Pierpoint with the key of the organ. which was then opened on behalf of the church. The chairman (Coun W Pierpoirat) delivered an interesting address, alter which an organ recital was contributed in splendid etyle by Mr Percy Randall. Solos were given by Mrs Hannan, Miss Wilson,Madame F Christian, Mr F Warburton, and Mr J Hannan, and selections on the viola and violin by Messrs A Bates and B Butcher respec- tively. Miss Sutton and Mr Trow acted as accom- panists. There were large congregations, and the collections, in aid of tie organ fund, realised a sub- stantial sum.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATUIFORD V. ORFORD BARRACKS. This Modal WAS played at the Barracks on Saturday, and Latchford had rather the best of the game, and eventually ran out winners by five goals to two. For the viiitors, Heald and Dixon, at ha f back, played a fine defensive game, whilst Grounds was the pick ot the etack. The goals were scored by Grounds (2), Spence (2), Banks (1).

, NORTHERN V. STOCKTON' HEATH. Played at litundeUsacds. itebalt :—.Nortbern, eight goals ; Stockton Lleatn, none.

The Possible Electrification of the London and North Western System. Inquiries at Crewe Railway Works on the subject of the possible adoption of electricity as a train motor, instead of steam, on the London and North Western Railway, show that the engineers of the Cambrian Railway have for keveral years had the subject under consideration, and Mr I' W Webb, the chief mechanical engineer,has more than once pub- licly declared that as soon as the directors asked for an electric train the Crewe workmen were ready to turn it out. There is no immediate prob- ability of this, however, thoagh it is recognistd that it is sooner or later inevitable, The laying- down ot the electric plant, however, will be enor- mously costly, though the change would be spread over several years. The North-Western Company are applying ele2cricity to their signalling, and have many electric signals now at work.

The date on which the Northern Union ;representa- tives of Lancashire and Yorkshire meet has not yeh been fixed. The efforts of the Lancashire Management to bring it off on any of the dates they suggested have failed, and now there has been a discussion on the date most recently put forward by the Yorkshire Committee —March 1. This, in the opinion of the Lancashire Com- mittee, expressed at last night's meeting,is not suitable on account of the likelihood of Lancashire and Cheshire making a tie for the Championship, and having regard- to the fact that by March first the Cup-ties would be near. The proposition is that February 15 or Shrove Tuesday be offered to the Yorkshire Committee or, in the event of this being unsitisfactory, any week-day between January 14 and February 15. It is sincerely to be hoped that an arrangement will be come to before the summer. At the present rate of travelling this im- portant match will be played some time, in the next century.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Etc " epintntr Anus

T" - WARRINGTON AND 31ID•CRESHIRS EXAMINEE." published. every Saturday morning. 'THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "Sr. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday often:mon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" "WIDNES EXAM/ 'ER," published every Friday mcnaing.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One cbarge seenres insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVR EXAMINERS.

V7ANTRDS. 10 BR Lim 18 WORDS (5D., ON SALES, And 31 for each succeeding 9 words lbe above ch,rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

nomestir teerbants,

AIiTA.NTED. good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy Bre V BCCLES, Nicol-lane. Bryn. Wigan.

WANTS!) Good General EIBILVANT.—AppIy Mrs THOM As AINDOW, Gore House, Altcar, near boatbport.

WVANTED GENERAL SERVANT for the New Year.— Apply to JOHN PIMBLEY, Magi:lull, near Liverpool.

WANTED respectable GIRL as General, good home. have Woman to Wash. —Mae. MILLER, 10. Lister- Itreet,C-on-M, Manchester.

VVTANTED Young GIRL as GENERAL, about 18; no family. 511 per weelc.-10, GRODY-ROAD, Chorlton- cum-Hardy, Manebester.

WANTBD good GENBIIAL able to wash ; state age and wages ; reference.-3, REPTON-STREET. Upper 33r00k-street. Manchester.

t GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT write or call LO MISS HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1852.

ANTED

WAltsJi_ GENERAL SERVANT, comfortable borne; good wages —Address 19L,GREAT CHEETIWI-STREET, Higher Broughton, Blanchester. AVA 11 Tlt D at once a COOK-GENERAL, young; protest- ant; good wagew.—Apply Mns SMITH, bandfield, Blundellsands. near Liverpool. excel-

NsittilLALS and GIRL'S, beet places; lent wages.—Call or write to Miss ItimusoN, 6, Oldbanc.strest, Manchester. Established 1862.

yOUNG LADY [desires SITUATION as Companion ; cheerful disposition ; musical ; domesticsted.—Apply W 11, 352 HUNGERFoRD-RoAD. Crewe, Cheshire.

WANVIL) 013:5145A.L for 26th inst, doctor's house; family two, little washing ; reference. Wages £l4. —SvEaancci,, 142, Liverpool-road, Patricroft, Manchester. - -

'7 ANTED. COOK-GENERAL, January 2ud ; references ; V small family ; good home; housemaid and coachman kept; £l6.—Mrs. INFIELD, Boston Bank, Hyde, Manchester.

WARTED a GIRL to assist with Housework; small f amile ; no washing; good home ; reference requir- ed.—Apply :Ars ROSKELL,IO2 and 104, London-road,Preston.

lATARTED COOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for I V Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or write to Mies HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

VVTANTBD COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, Nurses, Severs Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only.— B:TTWILEY'S REGISTRY. Morley-street, Bradford. Yorkshire.

WANTED Smart Active YOUNG. WOMAN, from the country as Cook-general ; age abut N. Siblet have good references.—Apply first by letter 16), WIGAN-LANE, Wigan.

EXPERIENCED sle and Female NURSES et a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES I:rerun- MN, 70. tiope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" --- "

lurses.'

WANTED an exp•riencerl COOK-GENERAL. about 28; also HOUSEMAID. 24; for all work except washing and boots : not late dinners.—Mrs. GOODBRAND. Oaklands, Wood-lane—Timperley, Cheshire.

Mantel

(HINTS Wantea.—Penny goods ; sample 3 dozen. Is Bd ; ...71 gross, &I.—NOVELTY Co.(S.T.).:Britlan-st., Manchester.

DBIDERS MAY BE HAD at the " ExAmona " OFFICE, WARRINBTON. It per load given.

WANTED !mart reliable ZITHER AGENTS.—AppIy, by IttLer to G. PutLues, 218, OLdham-roa4, Hoyt on. Oldham.

AA GENTS wanted everywhere to sell the ,' Idell ' Filter.— Write for 9ample, UANAGER, 77, Cavendish-street, Sheffield.

VEEP DRIPPING., WANTED any quantity, state price and quantity per week.—llanealf..a.vhs, 8, Booth-street. West Mane heater .

,k GENTS Wanted, to sell Hardware, Jewellery. Furniture. .11.. Clothing, goods of an kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—BERRIDGE Co., 99 Birmingham. \V

ANIED TO RHNI: Small COUNTRY LORN— MILL (not flour); House attached ; water power preferred. —WINDER. 10. Medlock-street, Hulmo, Manchester.

AVAR MRDALS wanted, (sated 1248, £2 given ; also 'arctic. Red River, Firket, Atbara. Matabele, Mashona, Fenian Raid, icn.--Maj)r TOMBS, Droitwich.

A CiIiNTS WANTHD, to seli Hardware. Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing. Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogn, Free.—BERRIDGE arm Co. (102) Birrninaham.

itA.7 ANTED, Situation as GARDSNER (Head) ; single; 22 V years' experience, gained in good establishments in England and Ireland ; 10 years in last situation as general foreman ; well-recommended.--J WlLLiameox, Shrewsbury- road, Market Drayton.

22/6 oWitinKL.Yox.—(Awhoaolaroyanof w7srittoe) 22fosr. 6dchoofffrersepdatroo moments - work may be done evenings. For particulars send addressed envelope to M. Trurscorr AND CO., 3A. Glen- dower, Torquay.

sZANITARY INSPECTOR-MPS, salaries £lOO to £250 0 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT IIdusHENS, Sanitary Science Teacher. bunderland. Name paper.

WANTBD, COW HAIR on or off the dock. we o: dry; best price in the trade given ; no overweight required ; honest cash settlement for tons or cwts. ; con- tracts made; bankers reference where required.—J. GAL- WAY, Tallow Manufacturer and Wholesale Hair and Skin Merchant, St. Helena.

THE COMING BOOM IN SOUTH AFRICA.—WANTBD SEVERAL PARTIES to join PARENT SYNDICATE mw being formed, to take over options on large Blocks of Shares in sound South AfricAn Mines, and Valuable options on Gold and Land Properties in the Transvaal. which have I een secured upon most exceptional terms during the period cf the war, and to form Bubsidiary companies to deal with the B.lnae.—Address MINING at Horticastle'e,;6l, Cbeapeide, London, B.C.

ftlacbtnerg, etc.

HIGH-CLASS GAS lINGINHS ; new design; latest im- provements. Sizes In stogie. one to thirteen brake horse power.—BLIJAH ASHWORTH, Collyhurst, Bi anc hes ter.

GAS ENGINIIB.-1. 1 and 2 Hem Power, up to date and lrellable.—CALvr-T,Albert-rd.,Levenshulme,l!danebester.

VET.

'COB SALB. cheap four ton iron JIB CRASH aditable for A: contractors yard, foundry or quarry; elght horse vertical engine,also twelve horse horizontal engine and boiler complete; good order; lying near Warrington.—ClMSlCAW, Tulketh-brow, Preston.

pATENT °FPI C ANCHESTEE. 143TABLI8IZED IW 1335. Messrs. G1301i1:313 DA.VIES & SOS have heal more than 40 years personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andposaess practical knowledge of the cottoss.woollen sad Iron manufactures. " Self-heip to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price le. GROBGB DAVIBS, & SOS, Y.LP M.S.A.

i, Bi-:ANN:B BWIABB,-/dANONEBTER.

I. , . . , ';'. . 1,,,„,' k $ fro# 7:1., ~, ;,,, t. 0,:: fit. ‘t„ ;,, F.'2, ,1- * t: t 4 : , t '' ,4 .'1:, § i S 4 7-.1 A *. 1 I \\\ \ 1 \

===== 0002601_19011220_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APP. LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY

'ROVED

OVER 450 GOLD t SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. " VOWNL " WA.SHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING. MACHINEa, LAUNDRY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CtIURNS. BUTTIfili WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terme. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London; 130, Bokl Street, L verpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron vynclos. Salford.

PARK 'MACHINE BAKERY,

SANKEY STREET.

C RIZISTAIAS CAKES OF EVERY VARIETY,

IeED OR PLAIN,

ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES

IEO3I PURE AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS.

Clatemers giving in Orders early,

can choose their own Mottoes.

LANCASHIRE CASH BAKERY Co., LTD.

BRANCHES:

BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

Itotels, tptiras, maarDing Cstabs.

Line gEtork

Fro BE SOLD, cheap, Sable and White COLLIE DOG, if 1 taken at onca.--Seen at 55,51.kati-Roan, Rice-lane, Walton, Liverpool.

Obarte.

.0t o]

llsllltescei3, tit.

UDE SAL.—TOBACCONIST AND SWEET BUSINESS. 1: Main street ; terns moderate.—Apply J WILDE, 26, Bridge-street, Earlestown.

ON S&LS, oldest establiehed BLACKsMITH'S SHOP in Oldham ; doing pest trade in town ; good reacons ter CH•DDEBTON-ROAD, Oldham.

WOuratton.

3ilorgefS, QarriatøSrt. LIGHT TRAP HORSE. useful for any kind of work, 14k 13. hands.—Apply JAMES DUNN. 41, Castle hill. Hindley. Wigan.

Q OMB GOOD MOB 0-HAND CART GEARS (Liverpool Corporation) at LEA'S SADDLERY BAZAAR, 9, illarybona. Liverpool.

4.10:MD useful COB for SALB.—Prammen, Market-street, 1,7 Hindley, Wigan. -IAIOR BALE. LANDAU And BROUGHAM ; medium el.e ; in good order ; roomy ar.d light; cheap ; room wanted. —23, TALBoT-RoAD, Wreitmm.

/ro be 'tat.

DLACKPOOL S..—At low vnluation, Good COMPANY .13 HOG 4ti : near sea and trams; present Occupier retiring —9, TRAFALGAR-ROAD.

ri,C) Lh.T. STABLE and COACIIHOIMIS. With lotto ovar large yard attached off Tanuereane.—App'y WOODS & Soo Solicitors, 65, Horseroarketstreet„ Warrington.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Ftom £lO upwards—And payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO 'PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATLENTION 'f() INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always oonducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDERDS OF Lhrrints OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Lbarge on Appiicatioa either personally or ty letter, to GEORGE PAYNE,

ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, kCIIUOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-TREET, MANCHEBTER.

PATCHWORK-300 Lovely Silks, P.O Is 6d.—SETTL E. 34 West Green-road, Tottenham, London.

("111.00KBRY-40) Articles for 32s 6d. Price lists free.— BENNaTT. 25 Broom-street, Hanley, Staffs.

30 CHRISTMAS CAROLS. musics and words. post free, 4d.—waan, 137. Atteroliffe Common. Sheffield.

RATS I I RATS!! JOEIN JONES, Barney. Dereham,Norfol—k, undertakes to clear any place of rats without danger or smell. No cure no pay.

BULBS 1 BULBS! at sale prices. Crocus, Snowdrops, al; Tulips,Narciss. is 3d; Hyacinths 48 100 tree.—Bm.taux, F 11 H S. West Bromwich.

VIAINE's GREEN PEAS (in pdckets) are just like peas _lll fresh picked froaa the garden. Send postcard for oar- ticulars,—MarvE & Co., Portsmouth

CETYLIDIS Generators produce cheap and brilliant LI light for country establiatimentii.—For particulars apply ACETYLENE SYNDICLTE, Trowbridge.

IDHONOGRAPII (new), 14. 6d ; 6 records, second-hand, 63 6d ; 6 new records, 9s ; all carriage paid ; agents wanted, liberal terrns.—PHONOXMIANGE, 18, Cbeapside, Halifax.

11XAMINER PRINTING Worms, CONCERT BILL s AND PROS HAMMES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. may be had In a ;ewlaoura.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
slalts bp Vribati Ertatp

TH K EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 20 1901

===== 0002601_19011220_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELTIS INKS.

(UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE!

TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GIME

MARKET PLACE, WARRING

===== 0002601_19011220_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST XMAS OF TIM 20TH CENTURY. GRAND DISPLAY OF THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS.

THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS,

AT " YE SIGN OF YE GLOVE,"

===== 0002601_19011220_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
KEPT BY YE FAMOUS

GLOVERS, MILLINERS, AND FANCY DRAPERS HENRY MILES & COMPANY, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET

(OPPOSITH PRO-CATHEDRAL),

LIVERPOOL.

USEFUL PRESENTS

AT POPULAR PRICES. GLOVES. FOR LADIES, GENTLESIEN, AND CHILDREN. LADIES' SEAMLESS KID SUEDE (+LOVES, A Speciality at 3s 1113 per Pair.

THE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE STOCK OF GLOVES IN LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCLUSIVE NOVELTIES TO EH HAD ONLY AT

"YE SIGN Ot,' YE GLOVE,"

===== 0002601_19011220_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOVES FOR_PRES.ENTS WILL BE EXCHANGED

IF NOT APPROVED.

FOR EVENING WEAR, Ladies' SUEDE GLOVES, is Cid to tis 111 per Pair. Ladies KID GLOVES, 2s WI to 61 114 per Pair. Ladies' BILK GLOVES, is 041 to 3s 11a per Pair, Ladies' SILK LACE MIT CS. is 01'd to 3s 11,1-d per Pair. Children's SILK GLOVES and MITTS, 1s Oil to is 110. DOLLS' SUEDE GLOVES, 611 PER PAIR., FOR LADIES. GENTLEMEN, AND CHILDREN.

KID GLOVES, WOOL LINED, FUR TOPS, le 11c1 to 105 9d. KID GLOVES. LINED SILK, is 111 d to 4e 11d. WINTER FABRIC GLOVES, 63 to is SCOTCH AND ENGLISH HAND-KNITTED GLOVES. LEATHER GLOVES FOR CYCLING AND DRIVING.

LADIES AND eII:LDEEN'S HOSIERY. LADIES' EVENING HOSE. With Lace Ankles, in Cotton, Lisle Thread.iSpun Silk, or Pure Silk. . • LADIES' CASHMERE, OR LInLE THREAD HOSE, Embroidered Fronts, Effective Designs, ls Oid, Is 3id, Is 60, Is Hid, 2811 d and 3s 11d. CHILDREN'S EVENING HOSIERY.

Lace Fronts, in Thread or Plated Spun, is Cid, is 30, Is 61d, and 13 111 per Pair. SPECIAL PURCHASE OF LADIES' PURE SILK HOSE. Black and Fancy Shades, 63 lid to 153 lid; worth 108 lid to 25a pair. FANCY JEWELLERY, LEATHER GOODS, PERFUMERY &c.,

FOR DAINTY INEXPENSIVE PRESENTS. FINE ROLLED GOLD BRACELETS. RINGS,

CHARMS, MUFF CHAINS. NECKLETS, AND EYEGLASS CHAINS, LATEST DESIGNS. Ladies'

VENETIAN, and ORIENTAL BEADED

CHAINS. Ladies' PEARL ROPES and NECKLETS. Ladies' MUFF CHAINS, in Jet, Steel, Cord, Ribbon, and Gilt. Ladies' BROOCHES. in Paste, Silver, Rolled Gold, Pearl, Enamel and Jet. Ladies' BELTS in Satin, Velvet and other Materials. Ladies' CHATELAINE BAGS in Leather, Suede, Satin Jet, Steel or Gilt. Ladies' LEATHER and other PURSES, in great variety. Ladies' SACHETS, Hand- 3alnted and Embroidered. Ladle., GAUZE, FEATHER. SEQUIN and HAND- PAINTED FANS. Ladies' COMPANIONS, COMBS. GAhTERS, BUCKLES. do. GROSSMITH'S and BAYLEY & CO.'S PBRFUMBS.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
FURS.

FURS are recognised as good XMAS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. We are noted for SMART, RELIABLE FURS, at POPULAR PRICES. ASTRACHAN NECKLETS, from is C7d to 5s lid. GREBE NECKLETS, from 24 llfd to 6s 11d. MARMOT SABLE NECKLE CS. from is 11+,1 tolls. THIBET NECKLETS, from Is Hid to 30s. REAL BEAR & SKUNK NECKLETS, 8s lid to 59s 6d. REAL PERSIAN LAMB NECKLETS, 9e lld to 27. 6d.

ASFRAOHAN MUFFS:lellindZe lld. GREBE MUFFS. 8e lld and 10s 11d. REAL MARMOT SABLE MUFF, 3s 11d to 218. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF

-I!IUFFS In Chinchilla, Mink, Real Sable, Fox, Fitch, Real

Beaver, Bear, and 'other Skins, at lipe'clavi Prices. CRILDIIHN'S FUR SETS from 2s 110 each. UMBRELLA 3. FOR LADIES, GENTLEMEN, AND CLIILDREN.

LATEST NOVELTIES to Suit every Purse. LADIES' UMBRELLAS. special pries, Is /11d, 2s llid. 11frd, 4. 11d, 6. 11d, Ets lid, 108 11d, 14. 11d, 216 bd, and Ess ed. GENI'S UMBRELLAS, 4s lid. 6. lid, Es lid, 10.11 d, 16. Ild, is. 11d, 21. 6d, to 350. CHILDREN'S UMEIHELL&S, is 110, Es lld, 3. 11d, En and 4s lid.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
GROUND FLOOR SHOWROOM.

The ONLY SHOWROOM on the GROUND FLOOR in CtiURCH-STRERT Reserved for LADIES and CHIL- DREN'S UNDERCLOTHING, CORSETS, SHIRTS, BLOUSES, DRESSING (4 ()VMS and JACKETS, WRAPS, APRONS, BABY LINEN, &c. PRETTY AND USEFUL PRESENTS. LADIES, HI/ENING and DINNER BLOUSES, all the Latest Novelties at Prices that absolutely defy com— petition. LADIES' SILK SHIRTS, two special Lots, at 4g lid and 65 Ild,

FLANNEL AND FLANNELETTE SHIRTS Ladles' Real PYRENEES DRESSING JACKETS, in dainty colourings, from 2a Did to Is I I 4. Ladies, Real PYItniNBES DRIIibIING GOWNS, 183 lid to 42e. A Very SPECIAL LOT of CASHMERE TEA GOWNS. lined throughout, and elaborately trimmed lace and ribbon, 211. BETTER QUALITY, In Cashmere and Japanese Silks, 25a to 455. Cashmere or Silk TEA JACKETS from 10s lid to 3^s. Silk and Satin SKIRT,, Hoed or unlined. 80 lid to 635. Strii.mci Silk MOIRETTE SKIRT:B.A special lot Is lid each Black and Coloured 1110REEN SKIRTS, 2s 110 to 10s lid. WHITE LACE SKIRTS for Evening Wear, 2s 1113 to 21s, Ladles' SILK and SATIN APRONS, choice designs. Is 11Id to 3e 11d. Ladies FANCY APRONS, Is C;(1 to 33 11c1 WOOL FASCINATORS AND WRAPS. SERVANTS' CAPS AND APRONS.

INFANTS' PELISSES AND WALKING COATS. A SPLERDIDI LOT OF TRAVELLERS' SAMPLES, just secured, and marked Considerably Below Cost, at prices ranging from 3s lid to 354. A Mannfactwrer's Stock of YINAFORKS in Silk, Muslin, and Lace, bought at a discount of SO per cent off, will be offered at from 6.1c1 tot, 114 esch ; wonderful value. A Charming Variety of CHILDIUMS FROCKS in Cashmere and Serge, Is 110 to 105 lid. SILK SMOCKS for livening Wear, from 6s lid to 355.

MADE-UP LACE AND SILK GOODS. "Anything in the way of lace always makes a very acceptable present, LINEN AND LAWN HANDKEE.CHIEF3 LADIES', CHILDREN'S AND GENTLEMEN'S Ladies' Hemstitched Lawn Handkerchiefs,i size,ls /s 61c1, and 18 llid the Half-dozen. Ladies' Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, pure linen. size, Is llfd, 2s 60, 28 itkd. 3e 110, 4s lid, 5e Ilu, and 6s lid the Half-dozen. Ladles' Initial Handkerchiefs, every letter in stock ; in Irish lawn is 60 and 2s 3id the Half-dozen ; in pure linen, 2s Ilfd the Half-dozen. Ladies' Fancy Embroidered Handkerchiefs, with and without lace edges, le 60, is 110, 2s 3d, and 211 the Half-dozen, Children's Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, with coloured borders, 6cl, 9;d, ls C:4, and la 60 the Half-dozen. Gentlemen's Machine Hemmed Handkerchiefs, in lawn. size, Is CI, Is 60, is 11,1 d, 2s 131,d the Half-dozen. Gentlemen's Pure Linen, -7, size, 2s 60, 2s lid, 31 6id, 3s Hid, 4e 6d the Half-dozen. Gent's Hemstitched Pure Linen Handkerchiefs, I site, 3s 110, 4s lid, And 58 Ild the Half-dozen. Gent's Do., size, 41 11d, 53 111, 65,11 d, and 7s lid the Half-dozen.

HENRY MILES' ADVERTISEMENT CONTINUED.

HANDKERCHIEFS IN BOXES :AND BASKETS. Handkerchiefs, in Fancy Boxes and Baskets, with or without coloured borders,ls od, Is 31,d, Is 60. and. la 1 lid the boa of Half-dozen. Fancy Scores and Baskets, with pure LINEN HAND- ILERCHIEFS, .Half-dozen in each. 25 61A, 2s as lid, 45 6d, 45 11d, 55 lid and 65 lid each. REAL MALTESE LACE HANDKERCHIEFS, Is Old to 10s 93 each. SILK HANDKERCHIEFS AND SQUARES. JAPANESE HEMSTITCH KD SILK HANDKER- CHIEFS, with Initials, is Ci'd, Is eid., la lld, and. 2s 6f d each. JAPANESE IMITATION SILK HANDKERCHIEFS. with Initials. 413 each. Ladies' COLOURwD SILK SQUARTIS. In sky, pink, gold and hello, 60, Is C.ll, is 60. Is ilkd and 25 61.1 each. GENTLEMEN'S SILK MUFFLEIta, 15 eia to 6s Ild each.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUFFLES AND CHIFFONS.

NEW SILK RUFFLES, trimmed fur 63 lid to Its lid. The LATEST RUFFLES, in great variety, from Is each. Net and Lace FICHUS, trimmed cream, white and butter ls Hid tots lid each. White Chiffon FICHUS. trimmed lace, 3s 60 to 4s lid each. White Chiffon FICHUS, trimmed Val lace and black velvet. 6s lid and 6s lid. COLLkR BANDS, in a great variety of styles. front Is CO.

LACE BOLEROS, CIIEMISETTES, AND SLEEVES. LACE BOLEROS. from 3s lid to 12s lid each. CHIFFON SLEEVES, all colours, Si lid pair. LACE SLEEVES. 2a 110 to 10s Id per pair. BLACK SEQUIN SLEEVES, Si lid to 108 9d. BLACK NET and LACE SLEEVES, 3s lid to Is 11d. LACE CHEMISETTER. is llfd each. The NEW LACE SLEEVES. Is 11,1 d to lOs lid pair. The FASHIONABLE CHESIISEITES and SLEEVES. Si lid the set. SILK FROSTS, Is Ilid 2s 6fd and 28 Hid each. SATIN and SILK WAISTCOATS,Is Hid to 8s lid each. LADIES' SCARFS, TIES, BOWS, (tc. :," JUST WHAT TIM GIRLS WANT."

Ladies' WASHING SILK TIES, 58 inches long, hem- stitched borders, Is Oct each. Ladles' NEW STOCK TIES, various colours, Is 04 Is etd, Is lltd Ladies' NEW STOCK TIES, Paisley designs, Is 805 Is Iltd, 25 hid. Extra-long Glace SILK TIES, various shades, Is llfd. New SATIN STRIPED TIES, 4s so. White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, frilled ends, is White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, lace Insertion Is 61d. White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, lace applique, Is Iltd, 25 60. 3s Iltd. Cream and White Ltce SCARFS, 67d, to 4s Iltd, CHIFFON SCARFS, Is 110. 2s 111, is Iltd, Black LACE SCARFS, is I lid to 65 Ild. CHIFFON and LACE BOWS, newest shades, 6:d to 4s lid. Ladles' Windsor SILK TIES, ls Cl, Is sid. New Cream LACE NECKBANDS, with black and white velvet, is Ocl, is 3td, Is 60. Ladies' and Cnildren's SILK SASHES, from Is sp.

LACE COLLARS AND SCARFS: SPECIAL PURCHASES.

LA.CR COLLARS, white and cream, is 01 to 5s llct each. Imitation Irish CROCHET COLLARS, in white and Paris, 4s Did each. The Latest SEQUIN COLLARS, on net or canvas, square and round, Is llid to 9s 11d, Real Bomatia.N LACK coLL&Rs. lOs 9d to 29s 6d. Hand-made Braid LACE COLLARS Is 61c1, Is 1114 2s 11,14. New Round LICK COLLARS for Coats in white and Paris, Is 60 to 85 Ild. The New ARAB POINT LACK COLLARS, 2. 611 to. 15s 11d. APPLIQUE COLLARS, square back, long pointed fronts Is 03 each. Real MALTESE LACE COLLARS and SCARPS,

THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

HENRY MILE & COMPANY,

" TEE SIGN OF THE GLOVE,"

,„,, 25 AND ;Lai, 1-4.111.7RCH-3TREET, (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL). LIVERPOOL.

TELEPHONE No, 7385.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, Sc VALUER Office and dalerooms : No. I. BANK-Minn WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED F3R SALE. New and Second-1.1.nd Irnrnlture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &e.. warehoused,

"A- 503. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SlLViirs ENausu PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSER, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTIC SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, aad will STAND ANY AldOUNk OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATial that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with esiab watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glaer, at same price, to be obtained only front bUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent poet free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

TO EFFECT GREAT SAVING FURNISH AT PITT6'6, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch); ALSO AT pITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAY THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED IsY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC. TTS 1:

PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNIIUR1. E at 15k, 221, 281, 38f. 50, 75, 100. 203, up to I,COO guineas, have been pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERFECTION. 'Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value are apparent te casual inspection, which closer examination and wear only confirm. Full particulars and NKW ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs. priced 50 per cent below elsewhere, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deterred payments 10 per cent. extra.

PDISPLAY OF BARGAINS is certainly .L unequalled in the provinces. The following are a fair sample, all in really excellent condition : HALL FURNITURH, consists of Mahogany Hatstand, two Chairs, Side Table, Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa M•ts, Stair and Lobby Carpets ; lot cost £24: for £ll. DINING-ROOM.—Grand Suite. American Walnut, 9 pieces, upholstered in first-class manner, and covered with real Morocco leather. coat £47, for £23, Dining 'labia to match, massive and bold ; cost £7 165.. for £3 lOs Magnifi- cent Sideboard, really worth £5O, for £2l, Table for window recess ; cost £5, for g£2 10s. Overmantel, cost £6, for £3. Real five-frame Brussels Carpet. cost £9. for £4. Real Slaw Rug for 21s. Bronze Timepiece awl Figures. £4 4s ; cost double. Brass Fenders. lire 13ra33e5, Fire Dogs ; cost £5. for £2 ss. Two Vases, 355. Coal Vase, 18s. 6cl.

DRAWING-ROOM —.Exquisite Suite, Chiprendale, nine pieces, covered in rich tapestry, cost £53 tor £2O. Inlaid 'labia to match. cost £4O, for £l7. Music Cabinet,£2. Card Table, £1 is. Overmantel, cost £7, for £3 3s, Velvet Pile Carpet, £3 10s ; cost double. bkin Rugs. 14s and Bs. Brass Fender and Pali Brasses, cost £3, for £2 2s. Tiled Hearth, fitted complete.

!am/NI/id-ROOM in real sadile-bags, mounted with Hob Utrecht velvet, ccmprites luxurious Couch, liCaey Chaim, and bet of Smsil Chairs, Bi,tendiuir Tibia, Chiffonier, Over- mantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete ; cost £55. for £23.

_ BESC BEDRoosls.—.plendid Suite in American Walnut. large Wardrobe, bevelled plate-glass, exceptional conveni- ences ; large Drenung Table, with bevelled plate ; Wash- stand. with marble top ; Pedestal, and tour Clubs ; cost 2.75. tor £35. Massive All-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress, new bed, bolster, and pillows ; cost £l6, for £l5 10s. Toilet service, 15s 6d. Carpet, Ileartbrug, and Fender cost £5, for 555. THRRE OTHER BEDROOMS similarly furnished la Chippendale, Mahogany,' Satin Walnut and Decorated; also KITCHEN FURNITURE complete,

DITTS'S POPULAR, TlANOS.—Magnificent pig" play of NEW INSTRUMENTS by best makers fulli guaranteed at CONSIDERABLY ' UNDER DEITAi' PRICES. Also SECOND-11AND PIANO in good cooditloo Clearance imperative ; no reasonable offer refused.

-DITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING —LargeBt 1 and beat selections, being clearei out at giving aviasr, prices. are chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them an' rue after.

pITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERERS. —Grand display. AU British makes, choice de- signs. many of which exclusive, exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge.

DITTS:3 PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES,. MAIL CARTS, Lamps, China, Canes, EArthenware_ TableißilliaNa, Bagatelle. Magnificent selection. Astound log Value.

QA 31 UEL PITT S, MANCIIESTEIL LONDOE-EOAD (Ardwielc, and Longaight Caw, GAYrItORN (Jity-road Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telepaone 1124.

.73L

===== 0002601_19011220_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
XMAS FESTIVITIES

AT

COMPTON HOUSE,

LIVERPOOL.

FATHER CHRISTMAS

IN THE BNCHANTED GROTTO.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
'DIE SPLENDID GROTTO PARCEL, CRAXIIED

WITH aIIVENILE TREASIMES,

PRESENTED BY THE FAIRIES-GRATIS

THE YULE-TIDE FAIR :- 01000 I I 21 Each to 333. 63. All Sorts .01 i and Siz!s. The Little Folks DOLLS I I Enchanted.

TOYS. 500,000 TOYS.

MECHANICAL, MUSICAL, MILITARY,

MAGNETIC, DOMESTIC, AGRICIILTURAL.

IN ENDLESS VARIETY.

"PING - PONG," TABLE GASES BILLIARDS• and all the

AND Ns) vel t i es. Never failing PASTIMES. Funds of Amusement.

MILLIONS OF XMAS CARDS AND

NEW YEAR CALENDARS,

Inclading TWO WHOLESALE STOCKS at HALF

PRICES.

80 000 PICTURES AND STORIES: I Beautiful Bindings; Charm- ' I ing Illustrations ; Interest BOOM. Inexhaustible.

SEVERAL TONS OF CUTLERY, At SPECIAL XMAS PRICES, including 390 .DOZEN TABLE 'KNIVES. 2E. 11d. and 3s. 93. Doz. ; worth 41. 11d. to 53. 11d.

25,000 In STERLING SILVER I and ELECTRO • PLATE ; ARTICLES I Lovely Designs; forming

EXQUISITE XIIAS PRESENTS.

I-, T Ipi 'LARGE CRATES OF CHINA, EARTHEN WARE, AND GLASS, .INCLUDINCF THE FOLLOWING} CHEAP SPECIAL

LOTS :-

150 T EA 'ERNIOES, 40 PIECES',

12s. 9d. the Set ; worth 255. 61

,ERVICES, 54 PIECES,

120 DINNER]

325. 6J, the Set ; worth 493. 63. 190 PA' °F ATAREs;

BEAUTIFUL WARE; MANUFACTURER'S SIMPLE PIECES. Nees lad. to 291 61. Each. 140 IENGLISII 51+1. mut 6id.

_L ASS

G:

V

-ASES,

: worth 101-1 to is.

.200,000 FANCY

FOREIGN FANCY GOODS.

PRETTY ARTICLES for

the TOILET AND HOUSE

ARTICLES

DECORATION, LEATHER

GOODS, ART NEEDLE-

WORK, TRINKETS in

XMAS PRESENTS

Gald, Silver, and Precious Stones; PERFUMERY, &c.

AT SPECIAL XIIAS CHARGES,

THE COMPTON HOUSE HAMPERS

OF I...XROCERIES AND 1:1 ROVISIONS

VOR I THE HALF-GUINEA. i •V HAS I 1S01;

HAMPER. THE GUINEA HAMPER. INCOMPARABLE VALUE.

A MANUFACTURER'S STOCK

XMAS NOVELTIES 4,500 SANTA CLAUS STOCKINGS 31 to 51. Each. 6,000 FANCY CASES OF

_ id to 33. 31 Each.

OD OTHER XNIAS GOODS. ''-'IIUCH TOO NUMEROUS TO MENTION.

VALUE THOUSANDS OF POUNDS.

COMPTON HOUSF'

LVERPO 014

CHOCOLATES.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
We heartily wish all our readers a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

31EmsEr.s and suppor- I Lord Rosebery's 1 ters of H. M. Govern- 1 Pronouncement. leant have been very insistent in their professed wish that Lord ROSE- BERY should return to a position of influence in the Liberal party. Judging from some of the comments in the Ministerial press, however, these gentlemen are far from grateful at having their wish. Now that his lodship has said what he has to say, and what he is prepared to do in further- ing Liberal principles, it cannot be said that he has been sparing of those who because of his sympathy with them on some points doubtless expected much more lenient treatment at his hands. It is not pleasant for • members of the Government to be told that there is a longer indictment against them than there has been against any Government in Lord ROSEBERY'S recollection. That is the charge that his lordship ma,ces, and he proves it up to the hilt. He shews that the conduct of the Government has led up to 1 the present crisis. Not only has the Colonial Secre- tary's "undoubted power of invective" been a source of inconvenience and even danger in this country, involving it in the hatred and ill-will of the peoples of Europe, but the general tactlessness of the Government in all its dealings was:respon- sible for the war itself, and the Liadequate methods by which it has been waged from the beginning. Before the war began the preparatory arming of the Boers was known to the Govern- ment, although the Paimn MINISTER denied the fact. Knowing of these preparations, the Govern- ment ought to have demanded the occasion of them. Having failed to do so, they ought at least to have guaranteed the Empire against them by a proper supply of materials and adequate men I on the spot for purposes of defence. Had propor precautions been taken, there is little doubt that the history of the war would have been very differ- ent from what it is. The Government made the Jameson Raid the excuse for their inaction. But LORD RossiikkY makes it clear that what tied the hands of the Government was not the Raid,which might have taken place in any well-governed State, but what happened afterwards. The Govern- ment ought to have probed the Raid to the bottom, and paid just compensation for the dis- turbance it caused. Their failing to do so sapped the very foundations of our diplomatic attitude to the Transvaal, and spoilt everything. Not less serious is the point of the indictment regarding the Dissolution and General Election of 1900, than which Lord RoscskitY assures us nothing has struck more deeply at the roots of political moral- ity since 1867. The Dissolution, his lordship tells us, burnt into his mind like an acid, and nothing can wipe out the history of that transaction. He proposes some sort of reparation, which, however, it is doubtful the G3vernment will consent to make, unless, indeed, uader pressure of stronc, necessity arising from quite other circumstances than any attitude of penitence—it is that when the war really does come to an end the Government should set themselves right with the constituencies, and with the world at large, by again appealing to the country at a General Election. Even the oft-repeated taunt that the war has been prolonged by the sympathy 1 expressed by th'e Opposition is matched with the set-oft of the scandalous misrepresentations made by Government supporters during the election, that in addition to the eighty Irish members, whose anti-patriotic sympathies were well known, a large number of Liberal members were returned to represent Boer ideas. So the cant phrase, used by a high authority, that every seat gained by a Liberal was a seat for the Boers, was responsible

===== 0002601_19011220_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
more than anything that had been said on the Opposition benches for encouraging the Boers in their resistance. Thus, whatever may be the final result of Lord ROSEBERVB re-appearance in poli- tics, the hope that it will do anything but damage to the present Government is a vain one and doomed to certain disappointment.

COMMANDANT KRIT- The itzinge Capture of ZINGER having been Kr r. wounded and captured in attempting to break through the line of block- houses leaves the guerilla forces in the east of the Transvaal a rapidly diminishing quantity. It seems that the desperate situation to which his forces were reduced led him to think once more of entering Cape Cc4lony with a small band of intim- ate followers. In this he has failed, having been caught in the attempt, and the scattered irre- concilables now left in that district Will be greatly weakened by his loss. KRITZINGER has been called the Da WET of the Cape,and his long resid- ence in Cape Colony had certainly made him well acquainted with it, especially that hilly portion on the east side, where he had no difficulty in assum- ing the leadership of an irregular force, which he employed with conspicuous skill and no little success. It was to his efforts with this force that the rising in the Colony at one time assumed a serious aspect. About a year ago he crossed the Orange, and found the colonial Dutch in a ripe condition for rebellion, the ground having been carefully prepared previously I under the auspices of the ACricander Bond. The result of this expedition was one of those serious factors in the lengthening out of the war which have not been fully appreciated in this country. Near the border the great majority of the inhabi- tants were Dutch, and in many cases young men did not require a second invitation to shoulder the Mauser and go off with the commando. Even where:the farmers did not take such active part in the operations they rendered efficient assistance to their compatriots in various ways. KRITZINGER knew not only the physical features of the country, but the widespread disaffection among the CapePoers which had been evinced at the ' famous Worcester Conference. He had, therefore, no difficulty in penetrating to within a hundred miles of Capetown, dexterously evading the British troops, who were under the personal command of Lord KITCHENER himself. This, of course, was a matter of no great difficulty when every second farm was an intelligence station as well as a depot for food, forage, and even horses. Last Christmas he had survived two skirmishes with our troops, and at Rosmead Junction captured a train with some Colonials. On February 6th he defeated a squadron of the 7th King's Dragoon Guards and some West Australians, and a few days later he surprised and overwhelmed a Yeomanry patrol near Willow more. In April last he was still giving trouble, and cap- tured some of the 17th Lancers and Yeomanry; and as late as September he led a night surprise on LOVAT'S Scouts, who fought with the utmost de- votion. Latterly he gained an unenviable noto- riety by announcing his determination to put to death all Kaffirs found in the British lines,whether armed or unarmed. Considering the use the Boers had made of natives throughout the war, this de- termination was as unreasonable as it was inhuman ; and as it has been largely practised, it is not improbable that the Commandant who thus initiate A the policy will have to stand his trial in connection with it. His capture is certainly one of the most important incidents of recant British success, and should lead to an early finish to the operations in the eastern districts, where he has flourished so long.

up to 1,425 or over 700 a year. This is altogether irrespective of the large number of cases of burn- ing accidents to young children which do not end fatally, many of which are caused by the clothing of children taking fire at unprotected firegrates. The Secretary of State is justified in calling atten- tion to this matter which has been commented upon again and again in the Press. The remedy is so simple that parents are guilty of culpable negligence when they allow their children to play about the hearth whilst the fire is unprotected by a guard.

Among the many anomalies of the registration law is one which has just been confirmed by the Court of King's Bench. A man who presumably was quite capable of paying his way in ordinary circumstances found himself the victim of that most serious of domestic trials—his wife became insane. In the end he was obliged to send her to the County Asylum, and the expense of her main- ' tenance there was defrayed by the union. He has been struck off the register on the ground that he has received parochial relief. Technically no doubt, this is so; but, regarding the case as typical of the position of an ordinary working- man, the principle is not just. It is like saying that a man who, from circumstances beyond his control, is asked to pay for the support of two homes, and is unable to pay for more than one, shall lose his rights in regard to tne one. The labourer with a family of young children, who is deprived of th 3 co-opera- tion of his wife in rearing their family, has a very hard task; even as a widower he has the chance of finding for them a stepmother. In the other circumstance, when he has to pay for house-clean- ing and cooking, the condition is much harder. Many thousands who enjoy a vote without ques- tion have a much lighter burden of responsibility to the State, and the idea of limiting the franchise is only that its exercise should be confined to re- sponsible citizens. The Registration Law must be thoroughly revised before long, and then other faults may be removed. It is unfair, for instance, if a lodger is to be held entitled to a vote that he should be liable to have to renew his claim in per- son every year. Then, of course, there is the obvious injustice in the qualifying period on removal.

The announcement that Signor Marconi has succeeded in opening communication by wireless telegraghv between the Cornish cost and St John's Newfoundland, has been received with interest in scientific circles, though, perhaps, without the thrill which imaginative correspond- ents on:the other side of the Atlantic predicted. Once wireless telegraphy has been established over a distance of sixty miles, its extension to thousands need cause little surprise. The prin- ciple is the same. It is only a question of sending a more vigorous impulse through the etheric medium, or of providing a mere delicate receiver. It may seem a little ungrateful to say it, but per- haps more good would have been done had the time and expenditure lavished on these experiments been devoted to the removal of diffi- culties which undoubtedly exist when wireless telegraphy is carried on over 'the most moderate distance. In particular the problem of" tuning," by which a receiver may, as it were, p'ck out its own message from scores of others which may be travelling over the same space, has by no means been cleared up, though some advance has been made in this direction. Signor Marconi has heard, it appears, the three faint tans which formed the prearranged signal with the Cornish station, but how far this is even from the degree of success which would enable a long message of the Corona- tion to be sent over sea! How far, too,from any commercial success from such an undertaking, so long as the cables which connect the two conti- nents are intact! Still there is probably a great future before Marconi and his invention. 's

The Mayor of Warrington has received a com- munication from the Home Office calling attention to the frequency with which the death of young children is caused by their clothing taking fire at raiprotected firegratecs. Mr Ritchie, the Secretary of State, has obtained a vreturn on the subject from 200 coroners in England and Wales. The return shows conclusively how serious and deplor- able is the loss of life thus brought about. In the years 1899 and 1900 the number of victims totals

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 20 1901.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

" Alas ! how the time rolls on:' So exclaimed Horace ages ago. And so will say and feel many readers before another fortnight passes. It is old- fashioned to moralise, but it is impossible to escape reminders which appear on every hand of the fact that within a week from now the joy bells will have announced the nineteen hundred and first anniversary of the birth of the Prince of Peace; any more than it is to recognise the disturbing fact that the all-important day will find hostilities in progress in South Africa, a similar state of things in the Phillipines, rac at hatred in ihina,and great unrest in three continents of the world. Cynics will point to this'as evidence that the world is not getting better, and the cynics, as usual, will be in ' the wrong. The Millennium may appear to ba a long way off as yet, and there is much strife, not only between nations but between the various sec- tions of society; but the world is not so bad after all, inasmuch as the state of Christendom to-day will contrast very favourably with the condition of things at the end of the first year of the nine- teenth Century; As the years come round the regular festivals are no doubt observed generally in calmer fashion, and to Christmas this especially applies. There is not less warmth, not less genuine goodwill, only the outward form takes different expression. The roast beef and turkey still hold their own as the dishes peculiarly associated with the day, but the village squire does not settle down afterwards to a huge carouse with his cronies, or the young bloods play wild pranks witn all and sundry. The Yule-log burns; the cup of kindness circulates, the old become reminiscent and the young frolicsome, but nothing more. Pleasures peculiar to the season begin earlier now- a-days, with anticipations of presents to give, and of greetings to be received from old friends rarely seen; those pretty messages, so attractive and so universal.

There are many brave relatives or friends in South Africa now looking out for those Christmas tokens, in the shape of a pretty card, which may not be much in itself but is looked upon as show- ing that those at home are still thinking of the absent ones. At thousands of homes on Wednes- day there will be a vacant chair, and at only too many that chair will never more be filled. There will be widows to mourn for their husbands, mothers to weep for sons, and the cry of the fatherless must assuredly add to the wail of sorrow that shall haunt the dreams of Mr Kruger and his allied friends.

There may not be much festivity, in the sense in which it is regarded at home, aroand the camp fires of the veldt; but Tommy is a first class philosopher, and will no doubt extract all the merriment possible, if only in amusement at the contrast between Christmas in his comfortable English cottage and the same season where the hest is so oppressive, while he is chasing the disappearing Boer. There is every prospect, at any rate, that the British soldier will fare much better this season than he I did last in regard to his Christmas dinner. For parents in England are assured by correspondents on the spot. as well as in the order issued by Lord Kitchener, that each soldier shall be presented with one plum-pudding, a quarter pound of tobacco, and a pint of beer, out of the profits of the Field Forces Canteen, and the British public are asked to imagine, if they can, what one hundred and eights -eight thousand plum-paddings will look lil:e! The puddings, beer, and tobacco will cost the Canteen some sixteen thousand pounds; and on the generally accepted priucipls that rewards follow battles, the public will assuredly consider that the British saldier richly deserves all this.

- Post Office authorities are just now exercised over the red envelope which has begun to be issued by stationers and fancy dealers, and has hitherto bea regarded as the exclusive property of the Depart- ment. Much as we ourselves tray be occasionally exercised by the vagaries of Post-Offica officials, having regard to the peculiarly onerous and impor- tant character of duties at Christmas and certain other periods of the year, which they are expected well and diligently to perform, it will be generally recognised that nothing should be done by the public to add to the difficulties of the situation. It appears that this particular envelope was designed f)r war correspondence,and•for sp3cial communica- tions to be called for late at night, or on Sundays. Hence the heads of the slepsrtinent point out the confusion likely to arise from a general use of the red envelope. It would scarcely seem desirable, in the interests of the publiz. to make use of such envelope under the circumstances. In regard to another protest, however, which the authorities have thought proper to issue simultansouds, there will probably be greater difficulty in effecting com- pliance oa the part of those concerned. The way some firms have of covering envelopes with their advertisements must at times be very embarrass- ing to the sorters, and, if continued to the extent it is at present may yet lead to its being prohibited entirely. Advertisers are of ten very unreasonable in this respect,and the cause of much delay and loss of time, when time is really of the first import- ance.

--- If towns which are troubled with the sight of the red rag of Municipal Trading could only be persuaded to admit that there is salvation, in this as in so many other things pushed to ex- tremes, te be found in the adoption of a " golden mean," it would save much of useless and unneces- sary hearthurning. Despite the exhortation of the Tenth Commandment, there are undoubtedly very , many persons who loudly inveigh against all manner of what is called "trading "on the part of local authorities, will yet be disposed to envy the rate- payers of Nottingham their remarkable success in this direction. Last year Nottingham made a pro- fit of £27,000 from gas, £3,000 from tramways, £.5,000 from waterworks, and £6,000 from electric- ity, while at the same time it supplied the town with gas, water, trams, and electricity cheaper than these things are being supplied by trading com- munities in other provincial towns. These profits, moreover, have enabled the municipal council to reduce the rates by a shilling in the

How certain provincia—l—toWns are rated may be shown by the following facts and figures. West Ham, Southampton, and Wakefield have previously been mentioned as paying highly for the privilege of local government. The ratepayers of the first named borough have to pay 93 8d in the pound, while in the other two the sum respectively exacted is Os 61. The • people of Lancaster enjoy the felicity of having to pay the smallest sum on record for the upkeep of their municipal machin- ery and prestige. All expenses in that happy capital are met by a rate of 3s 10J in the pound. The return as to the profits made by municipal trading are interesting and instructive. Notting- ham has been referred to; Liverpool by this means clears no less than £104,323; and Manchester £85,000 annually. The highest poor-rate is paid in East liam, 23 Sid, while Blackpool touches the other extreme with sixpence in the pound. In Eastbourne the lowest school-rate in the country is represented by one farthing, while Chester and I Bury School Boat& exact a lisPpenny each. Curi- ously enough, Southport and Bournemouth appear to have no School Board rate. Of course, the in- ference from an examination of these statistics, is that the seaside resorts are the most lightly rated in this country. Brighton Pays 63 211, but that !n- -eludes the cost of the water supply. The generality of the other popular resorts on the sea escape the burdens of taxation very easily, and the reason, per- haps, is that the visitor contributes with an un- conscious generosity to the revenues of these desirable places.

Good Templary has now existed in this country fifty years. Members ot the Order have this week been celebrating the Jubilee of the moverrentwhich had its origin in New York State in 1851,and thirty- three years since crossed the Atlantic to become a force in this land. Among kindred bodies which have sent delegates or otherwise assisted in this week's celebrations, may be mentioned the Church

===== 0002601_19011220_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CAKE AND APRON SALE. On Wednesday afternoon at Brunswick a cake and apron sale was opened by Mrs Carter in aid of the circuit alterations. FIRE AT RUNCORN.

A fire discovered at Mr R Abel's new dockyard on Tuesday morning caused damage to the amount of £5. P.C. Gregory discovered the outbreak which was caused by a lighted stove inside the building. 11 NEW APPOINMENT FOR THE REV. W. H. STABLES On Thursday morning the wardens of St. Caad's Church, Over, received an intimatiou from the Bishop of Chester to the effect that the Rev W H Stables, of Runcorn. had accepted the living. I which is worth £330 a year and vicarage. The Inewly-appointed vicar has been assistant-curate at IRuncorn Parish Church since 1893. The former vicar of St Chad's has obtained an appointment in Germany. RUNCORN WESLEYAN QUARTERLY MEETING. At the above meeting held on Monday evening the report was considered satisfactory. It was shown that the full and accredited members were on the increase and on trial there was a greater number than had been for years. The various officers were re-elected without exception.—lt was reported that the total sitting accommodation in the Wesleyan Circuit numbered 3.957. The Rev Terry Copper was invited to succeed the Rev II -Morrison. RUNCORN URBAN_ DISTRICT COUNCLL.

A special meeting of the Council was held on Thursday morning Mr R H Posnett in the chair to consider the laying of a new sewer in lieu of the present one in South Bank Terrace--On the pro- position of Messrs Taylor and -Ligotburn it was resolved that the delapidated sewers in South Bank Terrace, Ashridge, Peel, Wellington and Brook- streets be removed and that pipe sewers be substi- tuted. Also that application be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £7OO to be repaid in thirty years.—Mr Bisbrown did not vote. THE HOPE HALL CONCERT PARTY.

On Tu—esdsy' the ab3ve concert party went to Weston Point to give a temperance service of song The lecturer was Mr J aughes and the address was interspersed with choruses and solos. Limelight views were thrown on the screen, the apparatus being in charze of Mr Alfred Jones, raissioner. The following ladies and gentlemen took part :—Jr Gatley, .ISlisses Hazelhurst, Moores. Norbury, and Messrs A Moores, T liazelhurst,and Gatley. A vote of thanks on the propoiition of Mr R3ssenberg was responded to by Mr Jones. RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY CONCERT:

At the Weston Wesleyan schoolroom, on Tuesday, Mr T Watson in the chair, a most interesting con- cert was given under the auspices of the above Society.—The Chairman briefly referred to the increase of the Society's trade in Weston, and in a subsequent address Nit. J Scragg spoke at length on the principles of the Co-operative movement. The following are the items given:—" Jack's Yarn," " Golden Guineas," Mr A Shingler ; " Tell ! 0 tell us," " FLOW OA shining river." Mr J Clare and Miss Rimmer ; "Clap hands Papa's come home" (encored) ; "Oh that pudding." (encored) ; " Yarns," (encored) ; Mr II Gill ; " The Volunteer," " Shade of the Palm," Mr T Shallcross ; " Marv," Mry Clare. Mr W Grounds was the accompanist.

CAMDEN CHAPEL, RUNCORN.

On Sunday special sermons were preached in the above place of worship, by the Rev J B Foster, in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Missions. In the afternoon a meeting was held in the Sunday School, at which Mr A It Norman presided. Thera were good congregations,and the collections were satisfactory. _

===== 0002601_19011220_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT AT THE MERSEY MISSION.

..... On Tuesday a concert was Oven by the married ladies connected with the mission. Mrs R Abel occupied the chair. The following item; were rendered : " Love at home," Mrs Tovoks ; " Queen of the earth," Mrs Alison ; " Bother the men," Mrs Cliffe ; " As your hair grows whiter," Mrs Leach : "Cockles and mussel," Mesdames Bowyer and Paynter ; " Star of ray heart, Marie." Irs Abel ; " Just as the sun went down," Mrs Shaw; "A sweet face at the window," Mrs IV Cshaw,jun "Thy face I never see," Mrs Clare ; " Bonny Mary of Argyle," Mrs N F haw. Mrs Carr was the accompan- ist. A vot 3of thanks wee pas.,ed to the ladies and others who had helped in the success of the 1 entertainment. ST. PAUL'S WESLEY GUILD.

The members -of toe above held a social and mueical evening in the Guild parlour, Brunswick School lest Toursday evening week. Mr James Greenhalgh occupied the chair. The unfavourable state of the weather somewhat interfered with the attendance. Miss Taylor bad arranged the pro- gramme as follows :—Quartette, Misses Simkin and Crosby, Messrs E Kniveton and 'V Johnson; song, Mr E Knive?on ; recitation, Mr B E len ; solo, Miss Taylor; duet, Messrs E Kniveton and T Johnson ; 'recitation, Mr B Eden; song, Mr T Johnson ; read- ing, Mr Walter Millington. The various iuems were well received, an enjoyable evening being spent. Refreshments, which had been kindly provided by Misses Mellor, Holt and Ashley, were handed round during an interval.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN,

_ On Sunday afternoon the members of Sr Michael's Young Ladies' Bible Class met in the Newtown Schoolroom,for the purpose of presenting Miss A Statham, the conductor of the class, who is about to be married, with a silver fruit stand and pair of silver fruit spoons. The Rev E S Oliver, after a brief raterencs to Miss Statham's ability as a class leader, and the manner in which the class had thrived while under her supervision. asked Miss Austin to make the presentation. Miss Austin voiced the feelings of the class in a few well-chosen remarks, ana asked Miss Statham to accept the present with their best wishes for her future happiness. Miss Statham expressed her warm appreciation cf the kindness which had prompted the act, ant said she would value the gifts all her life. The young ladies are gratified to learn that Miss tathana will continue to conduct the class.

- - - RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE. • The above commit...ee met on Tuesiay evening at the Free Library.—Present, Mr Pope (in the chair), Messrs W Handley, D Bisbrown, J Riley, T Hatton and Mrs Jones (librarian). Mrs Jones re- ported that during the month of November the library was open 22 days, and the total number of issues was 2,288. distributed as follows :—TbeologY 28, philosophy 12, science 76, history &e., 149, poetry 12, fiction 1,718, miscellaneous 208, refer- ence works 63, French literature 6, music Il— an increase of 76 in the lending and of. 56 in the reference departments as compared with the corresponding month of last year. The Chairman, in confirming the report, said they could congratulate themselves on the very satis- factory state of the library. Out of the total issues 5/7 were fiction and 2/7 the more serious and solid literature which was a v6ry good proportion indeed. There were 104 borrowers each day the library was open for the month of November in the lending department. The reference library too was being made good use of. Resolved on the pro- position of Messrs Bisbrown and Riley that the Library be closed on the 26th December, 1901, and the 2nd January 1902

===== 0002601_19011220_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HOPE HALL MISSION, RUNCORN.

On Sunday evening the first of a series of lantern lectures was given at Hope Hall after the evening service. The lecturer was Mr Blinston, of Widnes, and the subject " The Parable of be Prodigal Son." The lecturer made his subject both interesting and instructive to those present. The lantern was manipulated by Mr floxworth.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL AID SOCIETY.

A. meeting O-t--1;;;.-.67m-na-itte-e-O-t-t-tie. above Society was held at the depOt on Friday, at which a state- ment of account in connection with the recent con- cert was considered. The statement showed that alter all expenses had been paid,here remained the splendid balance of £l5 2s Id. The statement was passed as beiug extremely satisfactory. The com- mittee also passed a hearty vote uf thanks to the artistes and to all who had helped in any form whatever in bringing the concert to such a success- ful issue. ST. MICHAEL'S SUNDAY SCHOOL. RUNCORN.

A sale of work was opened in the Newtown Schoolroom on Saturday afternoon, in connsction with the St. Michael's Sunday schools. The open- ing ceremony was performed by Mrs Maitland ood, and the Vicar gave a short address. The room and the stalls had been profusely decorated with art muslin, and presented a gay appearance. Good business was done during the afternoon and evening, nearly all of the goods being disposed of, A sum of nearly £9O was realized for church expenses. The following is a list of the stall- holders :—Work stall: Mesdames Cropper, C R Harrison, W Jones, R Peacock, Heap, Lake, Weston, and Miss Dallemey. Refreshment stall : Mesdames W Collier, A Lightburn, Hopwood, Powuall, Sher- lock, Youd, and Miss C Price. Sweet stall : Misses M Smith and Wiswall. Toy stall: Clara Hill, Mary Joynson and Hilda Williams. Young I Women's Bible Class stall: Misses Statham, Clarke, C Dyer, Austin, tDean Hopwood, Salkeld, Bolton, assisted by other members of the class.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
....,..... RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Council was held on Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse. Present :—Mr J KtIOAI,I3 (chairman), Mr S Woodward (vice-ha rtnan), Admita) Jones-Parry, Messrs T Lewis, T Baxter, J Mc- Intyre, J Sccks, T Wright,A G Guest,A H Talbot, J B Chadwick, P Gleave, J Mounfield, C Roclance, J Spruce, J Bolshaw, J Taylor, C E Linaker, T Antwiss, James Edwards, Il Ma :Maley, G Pilling, T Darlington, Whitlow, S Horton, Billington, G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (asiistant clerk), J Swinton, W Diggle (surveyors), J Farrington (sanitary inspector) aad Dr Adams (meuical offlcr, of health).

===== 0002601_19011220_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TUELIVALL NUISANCE AGAIN.

Mr Noel T Kershaw, absistant secretary of the Local Government Bo ird, wrote forwarding the Council the tollowing letter which the Board had received from bits Quennell, Cuerden Puce, Thelwall, on the subject of toe nuisance in question :—Cuerden Place, Thelwall, Warrington, Novemter 20th 1901. Sir, I beg to be allowed to call your attention to a nuisance which arises from a tannery brook situated in Weaste-lane, Toelwall. It has existed for the last eighteen months. My husband, myself, and my children,all have suffsted from the effects of the dreadful stench that arises from the brook4We are obliged to pass the brook oecasionally, which always affects us with headaches and bad throats. A fortnight since I sent my little son and daughter on an errand, and when they returned they told me they had been watching some men emptying some tan pits. My husband who was working not far from the place was aware of the children standing there, and knowing how venomous the stench is, brought them away at once. Tne same evening the little boy began to com- plain about his throat aed head aching. I applied some of my own remedies and got the little boy better with- out a doctor. The following day the little girl com- plained just in the satne way but my remedy %cis not sufficient to cure her so had to call in a doctor. He said it was a diptitheretic throat the children were suffering from. Three days' later my eldest daughter was taken suddenly ill. I sent another one for the doctor to come to her, and when she came back she had not been in the house an hour when she was taken ill. Is not this ensugh sir, to in ike any mother anxious to have this thing remedied. I have written to the Runcern Rural District Council several letters complaininis of this poisonous smell and other people have b‘en sufferers, but they seem to ignore them all sc I thoueht I would write you and see if you would help us. 1, arid many more besides, would be very thankful iffit could be abated as there is no other way for us to go only by passing the brook, se that we cannot possibly avoid it. Had I not noticed the children in tint' the doctor told me it might have been very serious indeed. I had a boy about 18 months ago ill with diphtheria, so that lam always on my guard. Two of my neighbours have lost two children by the same dreadful disease, each of tirtm two in one week so you will understand how anxious other mothers are as well as myself. Tnere are a lot of little chi'dreo in this lane, and none of us, howevsr pcor we are, like losing them however many we havc. I have nine coildren, and sea en of them have been ill as I have st tted• My husband and four children are ill at the present time, so I feel sure this will arouse your sympathy and you will try aed do something for us in ths matter. It is a very pleasant and healthy locality apart from this nuisance. and I would be ex- tremely obl•god to you for your kindly asistance to remedy this Tannery brook nuisance so that all of us may be restored to health again. The Clerk, in answer to the Chtirman, said that he had not replied to the letter except to ad:moss:edge its receipt. Dr Adams Raid it was a mistake to call it a diohthero- tic throat. No cases of diphtheria had been reported to him. He and the Clerk were at the tannery pits on the same day mentioned, when they were in their worst condition, and they were not offensive at all. He believed that the sore throats had nothing at all te do with the tannery, _

Mr Linaker Is it alleged that the nuisance still exis.ts in spite of the improvements carried out at the tannery? Admiral Jones Parry : Most decide Av. Mr Woodward : We h&ce got a dootor on one ride and an admiral on the other.

After further discussion it waa reselied on the pro- p,isi,ien of Mr Pilling, seconded by Mr Woodward, that the Clerk inform the Local Government 13 iard that the Medical Officer of Health and the Clerk were presmt cn the date mentioned when the disoane was alle.red to have been contracted, and that they did not notice any- thing that could have given rise to such a disease. WORDING OF A PRRASE PRODUCES A LETTER.

Mr Frank Scudder: 44, Mosiey-4trest, Manchester, wrote under date December 13:h 1901. Dear sir,—Re Messrs William Linea tannery. Mr William Long called upon me to-day with reference to your letter of Decem- ber 11th 190 i, addressed to Messrs Long and Son, and be has requested me to communicate with you. Before your Council proceed to commence any work we must be quite cloar on the matter. I notice that the last C 141151 in the heads of agreement made on October 28th has bean altere from "that notice shall be served upon them to bring tfflaent to required standard before giving notice to take out " to " that notice shall be served upon them to tiring the effluent to the required standard before being called upon to take the efflaent out of the 3tream." It ought to read " out of the !sewer " not " out of the stream." The District Council, of course, on putting down pipes. and filling in ths brook would take the entire responsi- bility of same for the tuture, the owner or tenant of the tannery to have a perpetual right to drain the effluent from the tannery into the sewer, provided the tffisent was within the standard specified under" heads of agreement."l think it would be well if you forwarded on behalf of your Council a copy of the minutes and resolutions passed referring to the acceptance of the " beads of agreement "dated October 2311, correcting the word" stream " to '• sewer." Moreover before the work is commenced a plan must be submitted to Mr Long showing exactly what it is proposed to do, and the details of the scheme must have consideration. To Gen. F. Ashton, EEq The CLEsic explained that he had written Messrs Long which resulted in the lcttor. On its receipt he had forwarded a copy to the Medical Officer of Health aslabg him whether he considered that the effluent being brought up to the standard might flow into the stream. Ws opinion was that so far as the tannery effluent was concerned it could if brought up to the requited stand ard. The sewage matter might then have to be taken- out of the stream. There was no objection to the clause which might be amended as suggested by Mr Scudder. • Continuing the clerk said he bad receivid no reply from

the trustees of the Belmont estate with respect to con— tributing to the expense. It was resolved that Mr Scaddet'a proposed alteration be agreed to.

MR. NAYLOR WRITES AGAIN. Mr R A Naylor wrote under date December 14th from the Hotel Russell,Russell-zquare,London,as follows : Mr G F Ashton, Dear Sir.—Yours of the sth received. You do net however, answer my question. I want to know what steps your Council are taking to remove the nuis- &nee described by your own expert Dr Penny, as fruitful source of much fatal disease.—The mere piping of a ditch is only a detail but even in tois small matter I hope you will carry out Dr Penny's wise suggestion and convey the tannery effluent ia separate pipes under the canal. This is important for many reasons. What I specially wish to know is this—Have we to be driven from home through a nuisance which has been located and the nature of which has been ascertained ? or will your Council do its duty and remove the same ? A decided answer would greatly oblige. Our home is rendered unfit to live in. Ourselves, servants, and visitors have been frequently prostrated. The latter do not come to see us, and we have had to flee. The members of your Couocil who are trying to shield the creators of this nuisance and keep tne letters and reports from the public press are only Placing your Couocil in a most Serious position. The Clerk remarked that he seemed to be bringing a charge against the Council. The Coalman said that Mr Long wanted separate pipes. Dr Adams pointed out that be had suggested to Mr Long as al alternative scheme that there should be two separate pipes, but Mr Long aeclined to make a pipe. It was his right, be contended, to allow the tannery' elligent.to discharge in the stream.

Linaker thought that a reply should be sent ta Mr Naylor telling hirn that the Cauncil had decided to carry out the suggestions of Dr Penny and Dr Adams.

Ultimately it was resolved that Mr Naylor's letter be but formally acknowledged.

BYE-LAWS FOR NEW STREETS.

The Local Government Board wrote under date 30th November, stating they had given consideration to the several proposals of the District Council to amend the bvelaws with respect to new streets in force in certain contributory places in the district. The Board observed that these proposals differed in each case, and unless there were special grounds for the difference it appeared to them to be undesirable to require a greater width for back streets in the contributory place of Stockton Heath, than in the contributory place of Delsby, or the contributory place of Frodsham Lordship , etc.

On the propo3ition of Mr Woodward the bye-laws were adopted with the exception of Etnkton Heath.

WARRINGTON LIGHT RAILWAY.

The Clerk repotted receipt of a copy of the applica— tion of the Warrington Corporation to the Light Railway Commissioners for powers to construct a light railway. On the proposition of Messrs Linker and Woodward it was resolved that the matter be left in the hands of the Parliamentary Committee.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAW FOR D'S

"A LEXANDRA "

BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
INTRODT:CED

THE COST OF SEWEHING,

The Council b-a-c-i-uticle;;;n;det7a7ti-On'the question of applying t 3 the Local Government Board for their sanction to borrow the sum of .£370 in addition to the amount already applied for, for works of sewerage in the parish of flelsby. Toe Clerk explained that application had already been made for £B,OOO but the Local Government Board had asked for cN-taia addition,/ to the schema which the Council of Eng,meers stated would cost £370 more. Mr. Taylor moved that the amount be asked for, and the motion was passed.

THE LIVERPOOL SLEATORIUM,

Mr Talbot, chairman of the committee" appointed ta interview Dr Wood of the Liverpool sanatorium with reference to his application to make seats on the high- way, said that Dr Wood had promised to let Mr Diggle„ surveyor, have a markeu plan showing the position of the proposed seats. lie proposed that the matter be left over until the next meeting. Mr. Horton moved as an amendment that the applica- tion be not entertained. Speaking for the townships and the inhaLita.uts be thought it would be a mistake if the Council sanctioned it. The nuisane-, came from the people themselves. It had been stated that they had receptacles for the sputum but were they used ? The roads were travelled by many children who would occupy tho seats which would endanger their health. They had over twenty acres of land to the hospital and more could b 3 got which should be quite sufficient for them to walk in. There was to be erected a Manchester sanatorium three tie:es as large as the Liverpool one at Dela:nere Fs,rest and they would also have to grant then, the same priveleges. It would be a fearful re- sponsibility were the application to be granted. Mr Edwards seconded. Mr Linain r . We have no power to give or withhold consent.

Mr Talbot said it Was only fair to site that Dr Wood stated that there was less danaer of infection from his patients than toe consamptives met ia the road by people every day. lt-sllvecl that the applicadon be not, granted. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

This week it is my privilege to wish the readers of the "Examiner " a very " Merrie Christmas.' The atmospheric conditions are seasonable, ii not perhaps what one would desire, but Christmas can be spent very merrily in spite of the drawbacks. ,

A very gratifying feature at the last meeting or the Library Committee was the noticeable desire of the inhabitants to make use of the books at their disposal. Fiction, though it still reigns supreme,t is being real almost bide by side with the more weightier subjects. Two sevenths of the outpa belong to the more solid w)rks and this speaks- well for the discrimination of the townsfolk.

Very properly the Rural Council refused Dr Wood permission to build seats on the roadside for the use of his consumptives at present lodged. in 'the Liverpool sanatorium. The danger of allowing these persons to occupy fixed positions is too ap- parent to need stating and doubtless the inhabit- ants of the adjacent townships will be deeply grate- ful for the unanimous decision of the local I authority.

Mr Naylor pathetically writes from London to the Council asking is it fair that he should be driven from home by a nuisance which has been located? It will be a crumb of comfort for him to learn that certain improvements suggested by Drs Penny and Adams are being carried out. It is to be honed that these will be completed by Christmas Eve so that the worthy gentleman may, at least, spend his Christmas at home free from that most übiquitous, mysterious odour.

Oa a technicality the Urban Council have lost their case against the persons summoned for slaughtering pigs. Those interested in private :1 slaughtering are naturally jubilant at the decision, „J This, however, must not be taken ti mean that per- SOll4 have still the right, by law,to ga on killing at a' the back of their dwelling houses. When the neces- sary advertisements aryl posters have been issued. the point will have to be thrashed out, before the justices. 221

It will be seen that the Runcorn. Urban Council have decided to spend £7OO on new sewers. As pointed out in a letter by a correspondent it would be well if at the same time the local author— ity could see their way to do away with one or two other grievances which exist and particularly about the one to which.our correspondent refers.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BY ANOTHER CORRESPONDENT.

A social conundrum. If a gentleman coming down Aloughland-lane meets a gentleman (?) ac- companied by a lady coming op the lane and the first gentleman raiF.es his bat as a mark of courtesy to the lady, and the 2nd gentleman (?) simply nods in reply as if he had a bucketful of water balanced on his head who does the s3-called gentleman snub : the hat-raiser, the lady or himself. No ! keep back ! Don't all shout at once I 1..

LADIRS BIiST GLACH BOOTS AND SFLO3 UNDtilt THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. TO CURB A COLD IN ONE DAY. Take Laxative Brom° Quinine Tablets. AU Druggists refund the money if it fails to cure. is. id. The genuine is stamped L.B Q.

THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS AT EARLEsTovcrN. For the approaching season the Viaduct Works will cease operations on the evening of Tuesday next (Christmas eve) and will not commence again until Thursday morning the 2nd January. The only other works which will have a similar holiday is Messrs T and T Vicars. The Vulcan Foundry will have a short holiday, closing on Christmas day, Boxing day, and Ness' Year's day only. All the shopkeepers will close their estab- lishments on Boxing day as well as Christmas day, and most of them will close on New Year's day. There will doubtless be a large exodus of people from the town, chiefly of workmen engaged at the Viaduct Works who will have the privilege of travelling at quarter fare. CADBURY'S COCOA is a pure. refined beverage, nutritious, stimulating, and (digestible. The" Lancet "says it "repro- sents the standard of highest purity." Entirely free from admixttres, such as kola, malt, hops, alkali. etc. Insist upon having CADBURY'S, as ether Cocoas are sometimes substituted for extra p,oot. to packets and Tins only. (2),

===== 0002601_19011220_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
• 44., 4 I ' $ A - A

===== 0002601_19011220_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTHY AND STRONG.

When you feel" run down," and can't face your work broperly, you have only to take a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, then you will relish your Mod and pick up your bodily strength and spirits quicker than you lost them. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is The Best Remedy for Indigestion, Weakness, Nervous- ness, Loss of Appetite, Flatulence. Low Spirits, Sleep- lessness and Cheat Affections. TESTIMONIALS. Dear Sirs, Alltmelyd, Inv!. I have suffered for years from Weakness, Low Spirits, and Indigestion, and the best remedy I have had is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. I take it every year, and would not be without it for anything.—Yours truly, M. WILLIAMS. A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. Sirs, 22, Durden-street, Winsford. Some time ago I had the Influenza, and the Doctors could do me no good with their medicine, so I took two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bittlrs, and it has done me a lot of good. I think Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Wonderful Medicine.—Yours truly. L MELLoR.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PEOPLE TELL TIIE TRUTH.

People tell the truth about Gicilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters, because they are grateful for the good they have derived when suffering from starved. Door, thin blood ;or the exhaustion of nerves, and the worries from overwork. DONE MUCH GOOD.

Dear Sirs, 33, Dunston-street, bargeretOfl. Will you be so kind as to forward me three bottles Gwilym Evana' Quinine Bitters (I2s 6J) as soon as possible. I feel that the tottle which I have taken has done me much good, an 3 I believe if I take three more bottles they will set me to rights again. I am glad to sty that I feel much better after taking one bottle.— Yours truly. M. NoscieN. RECEIVED GREAT BENEFIT.

Sirs. 8. Camnbell-street, Stocktor-on-Tess. Having received great benefit myself from taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters on different OCCILEIIOIIR, wish my nephew, who is very weak, to give it a trial. Therefore send me, by return of post, a 45 6d bottle, for whicl I enclose cash.—Yours truly. R. J. JONES.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE YOURSELF FROM 3III'ifIoNS-.

Savo yourself from the flood of imitations that fill the market. Insist on baying the Genuine Article. Look on the label, stamp and bottle, and find the name " Gwilym Evans." Then you are safe. No other pre- paration is " :Nat as good," or" The same thing." Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 2s 9d and 48 61 each, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprie- tors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

TO SAVE TIME. TROUBLE AND LOSS, USE ONLY (Stoned by latest patent macbinPry). GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS TOE MAKING MI.NCR 111 HAT, PLUS! PUDDINGS,

CAKES, gm READY FOR USE. NOT TOUCHED BY HAND, (No Fruit—only the Seeds —Removed). One round Stoned Is equal to one pound and a half Stoned PI, hand. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND STORE. Wholesale only by WM. BROWN AND CO, LI AITED, LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT.—See that every package be "

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT 'I SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained f.ir it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTIONS —To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only oer9oo in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & S.tt 157. Queen Victoria-street." formerly of 67, St. Paul's. London, are engraved on the Government &Amp. Sold in Boxes at 2a.9d. each by most Chemists.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Srm KIN G SUCCESS

VCRICH RAS ALL ALONG Arrzsmzo THE EFFORTS OF

BOOTS CASH CHENHSTS

To SUPPLY THE BEST AND PVREST OF DRUGS AT

ABOUT HALF THE PRICES CSALLY CHARGED EY ORDINARY CHEMISTS, HAS INDUCED THEM TO

ADD A STATIoNERT DEPARTMENT TO THEIR RUM- NESS Ar 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOOTS OTAT ONERY DEPARTMENT, AT 5, BRIDG E-STREET, WARRINGTON,

CCNTAINS ALL THE LATEST, BEST, AND MOST UP-TO-DATE

STATIONERY IT IR POSSIBLE TO BUY.

STATIONERY OF ALL KINDS,

NOTEPAPER,. ENYELOPES, Accousr BOOKS,

riOTE BOOKS, EXERCISE BOOKS, PENS.

PENCILS, INKS, &c., &c.,

AT PRICES which will astonish the people or Warrington. First in the Chemists business, we are &IS, far away and ahead In the Stationery trade.

We buy direct frcun the manufacturer and sell direct to the public. Hence we are enabled to give the pablie the middleman's profit. Owing to the very large output we have at our numerouli branches, BOUTS can

===== 0002601_19011220_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFEB ADVANTAGES BOTH IN PRICE AND

QUALITY WHICH CANNOT BE OBTAINED

FROM ANY OTHER FIRST.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A C.DRDIA.L INVITATION IS GIVEN T 1 ALL TO CYME AND

LOOK ROUND THE SECOP.

CIRCULATING LIBRARY.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD LIERA.RY HAS ALSO BERN

STARTED, which will. we hope, prove very enter- taining to eur numerous customers in Warrington.

All the newest books will be adde t.

SUBSCRIPTION FOR ONE VOLUME AT A TIME:

- l. Cd. aroNra:Ay, C. for Six .Montbs,

10s. 61. Yearly.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR ADDRESS IS-

BOOTS,

CASE( CIIEIIISTS AND STATIONERS, 5,) BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

JESS& BOOT, Managing, Director. Bolts Cash Chemists (Lancashire) Ltd.. Proprietors. Head 02ces—NOTTISGHANE.

91BE SIXTY-MINUTE " WORM CURE FOR DOC/S.- 1 A sate and certain cure in oao!nle form : one size for ergs and nito for plea ard small breeds. The "Farmer hnd Sterehlsreeder," London, says " They are a thorough and reliable cure for worms in dogs." They are a tonic to the dog and eertaln death to the worms ; state breed ; 'free, as Id.—WALIZEB3 Chymisc, Castle Douglas, N.B.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
',, '',. '6. 1, '' : . 1 ~ . :1 '!".: ' tr„. ' ' '4 6 + , :I, f „, N, , i :' I i 1: , i 1 . „ . ~ .. .

===== 0002601_19011220_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .

===== 0002601_19011220_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
EAT .RvanTstßassiosrEal LONG MPS 'moms BOZ;

- C. H. HAGUE.

Citernm I.

Long Jim they called him on-the station. He, was tall, thin, and stood erect. His-face was plain, and an ugly scar stretched half waracrosslis fore-1 head. Yet his expressionwas kind, though melan— eholy ; and his-eyes. shone with a steady, honest' light. No-one knew his. real.name. He-was regarded as- a kind of mystery, and this rinspired-a feeling of respect. Some.people-affiemed that "'ewes an Earl- in disguise. Undoubtedly,-he---had,been well edu.- • cated, and possessed all the. attributes of a gentle- man. Moreover, he wastievershort of ready-money. Yet he shunned the-society of hia.fellow creatures, and no one dared-question him as .to-his past. He was a man of few words • a.man withn history. Who be was, and whatate,had been, concerned him- self alone. He was now, "Long Jim—the Over- seer." Oncea year be left-the station, and nothing was heard of him for nearly a mouth. Then he returned, and continued his solitary life as before. The salary that was handed to him he took without a word, caring not whether the-amount was large or small : and invariably the money found its way into the pockets of the station hands. When first he came to the station, he knew nothing of the work.he appeared-anxious to engage in. But it so happened that an extra band was badly needed, and he was taken ; even though the manager felt inclined to regard hiin as an " English gentleman loafer." But Long Jim, as he was soon christened, sur- prised everyone. Ile was quick to learn, and not too proud to take advice. Moreover, lie quickly proved himself to be a man in whom could be placed the ftlll4,•st confidence. Faithfully and well'he carried out his duticei: and when in course of time the over- seer left the station to go elsewhere, Long Jim was appointed to fill the vacant position. He proved worthy of the trust reposed in him, and the manager began to esteem him more and more highly. -He felt curious too, regarding Jim's history, and did his best to cultivate the overseer's acquaintance. But Jim repelled all advances, and kept to himself. At his own expense he built a little cottage on the bank of a creek at some distance from the home station, and lived there alone. From early dawn to dark he went about his work. Then, when the night came, he started off to his solitary 'home, and was seen no more until the morning. It was said that through the long winter evenings he sat staring into the tire for hours together, brooding over his past life : and a nervous lad affirmed that. when paasing the cottage one moonlight night, he had heard deep groatui from within. And five years passed. It was growing near the time when Long Jim usually took his annual holi- day. He had been _very busy lately. Two new rooms had been added to his cottage, and a quantity of furniture now arrived from a distant township. The station people opened their eyes and wondered. But Jim said nothing. He left for his holiday, and in a month, returned, bringing With him a wife, and an old woman who he said had nursed his wife in her childhood.

It was a nine days' wonder. One man hinted that the girl who had come back with him was his mis- tress; and Jim overheard him. The man left the station that day. with aching bones, and returned 110 more. And never again was an evil word spoken of Jian's wife.

She wa.s not handsome; but her face was sweet to look upon, and her heart overflowed with love for her husband. In her tastes she was simple ; what pleased Jim—pleased her. She was above all things a womanly woman. One to comfort and console in the time of sorrow and trouble ; one to rejoice with those she loved, in the day of success and triumph. A wife—tender, faithful, and self-sacri- ficing. Her name was a common one—" Janet." Jim called her "Honor," because he said that honor was dearer to him than anything upon earth. They were very happy. When Jim was away at his work, Janet cultivated her garden, or busied her- self about the house. Then in the evenings they took long walks together: or sat before the fire, dreaming dreams and building castles in the air. The shearing was finished. The winter had been a dry mad, and there appeared every prospect of a drought. "We must get rid of some sheep," said the manager; for the run was overstocked. Some- one must take them to the nearest mazket. and the journey would be long and difficult, for feed and water were scarce. Only one man could be relied upon to take charge of the job ; and this was Long Jim. He was chosen.

Jim had been married some six months, and he shrank from the thought of parting from his wife. Yet he had never been one to shirk Ms duty: and the day drew near for him to leave on his journey. Time drags heavily t.o some; to Jim it flew apace. The evening was chilly, and Long Jim and his wife sat hand in hand before the fire. On the morrow Janet would lose the man she loved, and who loved her in return. Both were silent, for the thought of parting weighed heavily upon then,. And Janet leaned her bead on Jim's shoulder, and gazed at the glowing coals through a mist of tears : but she did not sob, and she spoke no word. And presently- Jim stud —" Honor."

She scatted, slid clasped her arms about his neck. "What is it, Jim ? " she asked brokenly. Have you ever regretted that you married me l"' "You know that I have not." "You have never questioned me concerning my life before I met you. Do you ever wonder who and what I am ? "

"Sometimes, Jim. But you told me there was a secret connected with your past that must go with you to the grave, and I have never wished to know it. So long as I have your love, I am content. That scene; best to you, my husband, is right and best in my eyes also.

"And ,-ou trust me, Honor ? " She looked into his face with a sweet smile. "If all the world believed ill of you, and you told me the world was right, my faith in you would not be shaken. I could believe anything from your lips, save that you had wronged a fellow creature." Jim kissed her passionately. "Thank God," he murmured, "I have lived to know a good and a pure woman."

And then they spoke of that journey which both dreaded. It would take several months to accom- plish, and Janet would be very lonely with only her old nurse to keep her company. But she clung to Jim, assuring him that'she would be very brave, and would not fret during his absence. "You will be horns for Christmas, won't you Jim ? " she said wistfully.

" Yes," he anwered. "Nothing shall keep me from you on Christmas Day." And then, trying to cheer her, he said What am I to bring you for a Christmas Box, Honor ? "

" Yourself, Jim; that is all I want." Oh !-but that won't do. You must choose something else as well." _ _ _

"Have your portrait taken, and that will be the nextbest thing to having you." "A good idea," exclaimed Jim. " I shall take your photo with me, and have two small copies made, one of yours, and another of mine. Then I shall have thorn placed in a gold locket; and there I you will have your Christmas Box." "You won't forget, Jim F About your own, I mean. It doesn't matter about mine."

"I think differently," said Jim, with a smile. Janet nestled closer to him. " I shall have a Christmas Box for you too, Jim, when you come home," she said in a low voice. "And what is it to be ? be asked gaily. But he hid her face on his shoulder, and would not answer. Then Jim took her face in his hands and compelled her to meet his gaze. Her eyes ;hone with a strange light, and her cheeks blushed crim- son. In a moment Tim understood. He clasped his wife in his arms with a hoarse err. "I cannot leave you, Honor," he exclaimed. " It is impossible— impossible." "Hush, Jim," said Janet soothingly. " There is none to take your plane, so that you nitt.o: go. Have no fear for me, all will be well, my husband. Keep up a brave licazt. for my sake, Jim." "But it seems so terrible that I should be away when—when—"

"I would rather have you here, bat it cannot-he, therefore we must think no more about it. Believe me, Jim, the future has no terrors for me: as I said. —all will be well ; something within me tells me. that tbia is 80. Come, Jim, let us only look forward tu haw re•uoion." All night long, Jim lay with wide open -era; sjpg into therclarknes.s. Janet slept fitfully; but when the dim dawn began to break, her sleep-he-, came heavy and tranquil. Then Jim rose softly, 4lnd dressed himself. Stooping over the bed, be kissed the fair hair of his wife with yearning tea— derneen. A moment later he had leftthe cottage, and was heading towards the iltstant south, his face Pet and stern. Strong man though he was, las shrank from the pain of a parting scene.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'I HE EXAMINE_R FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20 1901

Cuarran, Christmas-morning-broke bright and clear. With the exception oPthe -wreck of-Loug Jim's cottage. and the loss of-eome of-the stock, no very serious damage had been wrought"hrtheetonii-Old.Rachel, the nurse, seemed lICIDO the werselor thedright ; and Janet too, despitedier-weak•statsof -health, was slowly recovering. It was-at, first feared that the shock might prove tooanneh-forter,; butehe had a brave heart, anchstroug in the -Imowledge that Jim had returned, sheallovreckno thought of the previous night's-adventure to-trouble her. She and-Jim were- together this-Christmas morn- kg... Jim had been provided with atiuit of the manager's clothes, and -Janet was laughing at the ludicrous appearance he presented, for the-manager and his overseer differed widely both in height and build. But Jim did.not...raind this in the least; he scarcely took hiseyesoffthe baby which was sleep- ing in Janet's arms, and-the look onappiness upon his face was unmistakeable. Soon, however, his face clouded and he turnednway. "What is it, Jim,f" asked Janet faintly. "I was wondering -what might have happened if —if—if I had not gotbaek wheal did." "You must not think of that, dear. It is ail. over now, and we are safe and sound. Certainly our poor-cottage-has notbeen fairly treated, and—" "That is nothing," exclaimed Jim ; "but it seems incredible -to me that no one on the station thought of going to your assistance. I cannot understand it."

Yon are unjust, Jim. It was impossible for anyone to venture out during the storm; and who was to know that the creek bad risen so high as to flood thecottage ? Besides, at such a time, the men had to think of Themselves; and remember how kind Mr. Leighton has been to us, Jim." "Rachel should have gone for help," muttered Jim.

" She wished to do so; but the flood came upon us so suddenly; and—and—l couldn't bear the thought of being left alone. You see, dear, I was ill, and your absence was worrying me." "Poor girl," said Jim, kneeling by the bedside, and taking her hand. "Let us try and ferget it, Honor, and speak of other things. lam afraid our Christmas will hardly be a merry one; but at least we can be happy. And no, dear, here is the locket I promised you. You see I have not forgotten it !" Janet took it with a sweet smile of thanks. " How pretty it is," she exclaimed. "And, oh, what a good portrait of you, Jim. lam glad you had it taken."

"Then show your gia.titude by going off to sleep," said *Slim, as he kissed her forehead. "I was forgetting that you ought not to be worried. No more talking, mind." "When did your presence ever worry me ?" asked Janet brightly. "Never, I hope. Still, it is better that I should go.'' But Janet called him back.

"I have something to tell your, Jim," she said. What is it, dear?" _ _ _

"About a week ago, Mr. Leighton left two letters at the cottage, which he said were to be delivered to you on your return. I should have mentioned them last night perhaps, but you know I was not capable of thinking about anything then." " I don't suppose they contained much of im- portance," remarked Jim carelessly. " One of the envelopes was edged with black; and—and the letters were not addressed as they usually are, dear."_

, -- Jim started. " How were they addressed, then i" he asked.

"To Sir Philip Fordham, Bart.," was Janet's reply. For a moment Jim said nothing. Then he asked, with assumed calmness—" What did you do with them ?"

"I told Rachel to place them in the recess with your other papers, Jim." "They have probably been carried away with the flood; but at any rate I may as well see if I can find some trace of them. And in the meantime, Honor, get all the sleep you can." Jim's face worked strangely as he left the house, and strode off in the direction of his cottage. He scarcely noticed the Christmas greetings of the station hands he met, nor did he reply to their in- quiries concerning his wife. His eyes were bent on the ground; he appeared buried in thought. " What does it mean ?" he asked himself. " Surely Walter cannot be dead ! But if so—did he first confess ? If not —can I return to England? No, no; it is im• possible—impossible." He walked quickly, and soon arrived at his des- tination. The flood had subsided; there was now no difficulty in entering the cottage, and Jim at once went to the recess in which his letters had been placed. This recess had been built into the wall by Jim's instructions, and the water had barely reached it. It was here that he kept a number of unim- portant papers; but here too were the letters he had come to seek, dry and wholly uninjured. Without even glancing at the sodden carpets and the dismal sight his home presented, he secured the letters and left the cottage. But as he passed through what once had been a garden, he murmured Poor Janet. She was very proud of her flowers. This will be a sad blow to her.

Going on a little distance, he came to a large gum. One of the branches had long ago been broken off by a strong wind, and on this Jim seated himself, and prepared to peruse his letters. First he broke the seal of the smaller envelope, and read and re-read the contents. Then he transferred his attention to the other, which proved to be a legal looking docu- ment. For over an hoqr he sat there, occasionally glancing at the papers in his hand, but for the greater part of the time, staring fixedly in front of him.

At length he rose, and walked slowly towards the station. On the way he met the manager, whc in hearty tones wished bun a merry Christmas. Jim thanked him almost mechanically, and was about to move on, but Mr. Leighton said, enquiringly : " Been having a look at the cottage, I suppose Rather in a mess, eh I" " Yes—at least, I hardly noticed it." " Did you get your letters, or have they gone down the creek ?"

" Thanks—l have them." Then, struck by a sudden thought, Jim asked, "How came you to conclude that they were for me, Mr. Leighton ?" " I received a note from a firm of English solici- tors, in which I was asked to forward the letters on to James Severn, if by any chance that gentleman had left the station. Fortunately I was expecting you back almost daily ; and seemingly you arrived just in time. Lady Forclhain has had a very un- pleasant experience, but niy wife tells me that she bears up splendidly." The unusual title caused Jim to stare ; but seeing a merry twinkle in the manager's eyes, he smiled good-humouredly. "I am very thankful to say that she seems little the worse for her fright, Mr. Leighton." " Well—well ; I see I am about to lose the best overseer I ever had, but it can't be helped. Good- bye for the present, Sir Philip ; no doubt you are anxious to get back to your wife, but we must have a long talk when you are at liberty." Long Jim continued his walk towards the Man- ager's house, as if in a dream. Janet was sleeping as he entered her room, but she woke almost imme- diately, and glanced up at him, startled. " What is it, Jim ? How strange you look." " Do I ?" he answered.

_ - - " Have you had bad news, dear? Tell me—what is it ?"

"Are you sure you are strong enough to listen to a rather long story, Honor ?" "Yea—if it. concerns you, my husband." ' Seating himself by the bedside, Jim took Janet's hand in his own, and at once began his story. "You will remember my telling you that there was a secret connected with my past which must go with me to the grave. Something, however, has oc- eurred which renders it unnecessary for me to keep silent any longer, and it is only right that you should learn why I have lived for so long under an assumed name; and why I have kept you so much in the dark regarding my past history." "Believe me, Jim—l ant content to remain in Ignorance, if you would rather it should bo so," said janet earnestly._

" I know that well, Honor, and the thought of your faith in your husband is very sweet to me. But the time has now come when the story- of my life should be made known to you. My real name is Fordham. .This I mentioned to you on our wedding day, when I told you also that, for reasons of my own, had assumed the name of James Sev- ern. :ma would retain it till my death. My father —Sir Walter Fardha in --came of a very old family, :snd wag highly respected. He scorned all things mean and underhand. ; loved truth and justice ; was extremely proud ; and unfortunately—very het tempered. He bad two 80118. I was the younger, my brother, called Walter after his father, being throe years my senior. In appearance we were much alike, lout not in disposition. Walter was full of life and fun ; I was rather inclined to be melancholy. My father almost worshipped his eldest born ; he eared nothing for me, and I cannot blame him. Through ute he lost his wife, for she died in giving ine.birth. The meaning of a mother's love was un- known to me, and my childhood was not a happy; one. I looked up to my brother as to a hero, and I loved him passionately. Once, when a child, I wasl in danger of drowning, and he saved my life. Froml that motu_ent_l btoane lait3 gan,.. 'What fo.lloverl

ann rwrn not dwelrlong upona:- brother went into the army, whilst I rernainedsit home, and made myself useful on the estate. Fora thne-all went well; then Walter, who was always a-trite wild, got mixed up with a fast set, and took Laganasling and drinking. This led him heavily into debt. and-he applied to me for help. I gave him alLthe money I had, which was very little, as my Lather made.me but a small allowance. Still, with thia.assistance, Walter was able to meet his most pressins* engagements; but unfortunately his mania for-gunibling grew stronger and stronger. At length he wrote, begging me to meet him in London on a certain day, as he needed my help. I went and found him in-despair. He had again got into-diffi- culties, and unless £l,OOO could be raised immediate- lhis would be dishonoured. My father, of course, knew nothing of Walter's weakness and folly • and it seemed to me that his best plan would beatolaake.a clean breast of everything. Yet when I advised him to pursue this course, herefused angrily, and accused me of wishing to usurp his place-in-Sir Walter's affections. We parted, and I hard nothing of him for some time, though I remained-in London, hoping that he would come to seethe advisability of following my advice; and thiaking also that I might prove of some use to him. One night—l shall never forget it—he came to mrhotel. His face was haggard, and he appeared utterly reckless. Without waiting for me to ques- tion him, he told me that he had forged a cheque on Sir Walter for a large amount. This cheque he bad presented to the Bank, and it had been honoured. A little later the forgery had been detected; the matter was in the hands of the police, and Sir Wal- ter himself was in the city. My brother told me also that the clerk who had cashed the cheque had sup- plied the police with a lifelike description of the man who had presented it. I was the only person who knew of my brother's monetary difficulties, and he entreated me to remain silent concerning them, and to do my best to hide his guilt. I loved him, and ,gave the promise readily enough. The next moment soy father was announced. He was surprised-to see Walter with me, and also seemed to experience a certain amount of grim pleasure at finding us to- gether. So much the better,' he said; it is well that Walter should see his brother in his true light.' Then he turned to me, saying harshly, I have here a cheque bearing my forged signature. It was presented at my bank by a man who strongly re- sembles you, and who succeeded in obtaining cash for it. Kindly inform use whether this is your signature.' He banded the cheque to me, and pointed to the endorsement. There was my name staring me in the face--Philip Fordham. "in a moment all was clear to me. Walter, in addition to forging his father's signature, had secured his own safety by endorsing the-cheque in my name. The room swam round with me, and I stag- gered. But my father's voice -restored my presence ef,mind. Can you explain this rhe demanded sternly. I was silent. I remembered the promise Fired given to Walter but a few-minutes before; I realised that my father loved his list born passion- ately, and knew that the discovery of Walter's guilt would break his heart. Moreover, I too loved my brother, and owed my life to him. Sir Walter re- peated--his question, and I answered—' I have no explanation to offer.' This enraged him, and hard words were spoken. Yet I remained silent, and my silence exasperated him still further. Losing all self control, he raised his stick and struck me across the forehead. I fell, stunned and bleeding. When I recovered consciousness my father VMS bending over me, wiping away the blood with his handker- chief. Finding that I was not seriously hurt be took his leave ; and Walter, without a word to me, went with him. I never saw either of them again, and I have never lost the sear caused by that blow. An attempt was made to hush up the whole affair; but somehow the story of the forgery got abroad. I left England, came to Australia, and as James Severn, have lived here ever since. That, Honor, is the story of my life." _ _ _

A whole world of love and pride shone in Janet's eyes, as she looked up at her husband. Pressing his hand tightly she whispered—" It was very noble of you, Jim, to act as you did.. But your brother—oh I what a coward be must have been to let you bear thc punishment for his sin I" " Hush, dear," said Jim gently. "He was weak —that is , azd now—he is dead. One of the letters I received this morning was from a clergy- man, who supplied me with the melancholy details of this event. You must know that when I came out here, my father made me an allowance of £l5O a year. He died soon after; and Walter, of course, succeeded to the title and estates; but my allow- ance was left to me by will. Walter married, and his wife' bore him a son; but mother and son were killed on the same day in a railway accident. After this, my brother seems to have become reckless and ruining his health in dissipation and excess of all kinds,his life was breught to an early close. On his death-bed he confessed his crime, and the written confession has been forwarded to me. I have also received a letter from the family solicitors, inform- ing me that I have succeeded to the Baronetcy and estates; and expressing the hope that I will proceed to England as early as possible to settle matters of importance." "You—you must go to England ?" gasped Janet. " Yes ; it will be necessary 0 'clear my name, and of course there are business matters to arrange." "What—what will you do with me, Jim f" "Do with you ?" lie echoed blankly. " Yes; everything seems so strange to me. You see, you—you are rich now—a Baronet; and will have so many great friends who will' look down upon use. I—l am not—" - - - -

- - " You are my wife," said Jim tenderly, "and fit to.rank among the noblest women of the world. I love you, and in my eyes there is no woman on earth your equal. In my dark hours, you were my com- forter ; all my hopes are centred in you. The dark hours have rolled away now, Honor; but if your faith in me is to go with them, then I would rather a thousand times give up my name, my riches, and all that I posisess, and remain 'Long Jim, the over- seer.' " _ .

"My faith in you can never die, you know that, dear; and I shall never cease to love you. But I doubt myself—my fitness—" "Doubt no longer, my darling. Though there have been many Lady Forclhams, none have been more worthy to bear the.titlethan you, Honor." Sle gave him a look, full of gratitude, and for a time was silent. Presently she said, half shyly : " I suppoee I mustn't oall-ru Jim in future ?" "To you lam Jim always, -he answered smiling. " I have grown used-to it and no other name must come front your bps." "I -am glad of that, dear, for I too have grown useiPto the name, and have learned to use it because of him who bears it." And then for the first •timo..lins, as we shall call him also, ventured-to take the,taby in his arms. He felt very awkward, and .appeared amazed at its smallness and lightness. Every moment be felt afraid that the little bundle of snowy drapery would slip through, his fingers, and anxiety was plainly visible in his features. "What an eventful Christmas it has been, Jim," she said. "For Tears you-have-suffered unjustly— ancbsiow your name is cleared; you have come into riches, and have risen from an overseer to be z: Baronet." "Yes," answered ...Tim. "But, best of all, my wife-has been saved from a dreadful death, and 'I have received from her hands —our child—her Christ. was Box." * • * * * * * •

Many years have passed s:nce that Christmas Day, and Long Jim's Christmas, Box is now a man. Sir Philip Fordhant has growsa grey, and his face is much lined; yet he and Ins wife, Janet, together with their eldest son, are_shortly to visit Australia, SO that the future Baronet-may see the home which gave him -birth. Janet looks forward to the trip with pleasure,.and so does her husband. Through the long years, their love for each other has never wavered; but-deep in their hearts is also an abiding lovelor that far off land, which for them bolds so many memories.

A Bittern near Warrington. "7"40q A few days air° a man found a bird, which had iiden ly been maimed by someone near the Ship Conal between Lyrnm and Thelwall. The man sold it to Mr Dennett, of the Ball'A Be=nl, Lymm, who rent it to Mancheeter to he stuffed. It proved to a bittern, a rare visitor to these parts. In this con- nection it may be interesting to quote the follow- ing extract from the minutes of the Warrineton Field Club of December 19th, 1890—" Mr Joseph Collins recorded the hooting by his brother of a bittern on December 7th at Longford in a marshy reed bed near to where the Sankey Brook shoots flora under the London and North-Western Railway Ir was a male bird in very fine feather. The pr,,- v'ous Warrington record is that. given in " Morris's British Birds" of a bittern shot on the banks of the mp,s, nr Th.iwgii in 1q54" ••••••••••••••=.....•

===== 0002601_19011220_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Cr-IL

A:fierce sun shot its relentless rays.Atpon.ooths parched and arid earth. Not a blade-,of Trass oconid-be-seeneand the sheep lay -clyingirehtuidreds ishonb-therTuti. All.the waterc.our.es-were.dry.,,and he lied4of the creek looked as if no water-bad.ever Iloweci.along it. The- heat was ierrildeaoand.-ia scorching-wind blew strong from the north,,f•bearing upon its wings-fine-sand and pebbles, whiclnetuarg the face 111re4Lery-darts, and causedfitheyeyeactomehe anct-the,hed to reel. Above the heavens--blue--ana immeasurable .; in their midst that glaring-,n- ing-, orb-of the day. Around—desolation,-- despairs and-death.

.Awtty+to-thesoirtli, three -dark--,specks -rosanabore are horizon, and came slowly,onward. Horsemen they were, and Long Jim rode in :tlie...lel/1 His mission-was accomplished, thoughathadftakeniong• andbewas returning to hislome.....To-morrow,would befiChristmas Day. The -horses, with hanging heads stusabled -wearily along. Now and again the horsemen—would ffis- mount, and walk mile after .milezto easegtheirjaded 'Weeds. Then once more ther-ovouldget.listlessivinto the,saddle, and push on towards theetationeatill manyrtniles away. The longest day must have- an.end,..andPthe.enn sankdower and-lower in the eky. The.winddropped, wiel:wa.,encfreded by an ominous calm. The air grey/ cooler, and the horses raised their headaand quickened-their pace. "Please-God, me-elrall be. home,for. Christmas Bye,"' said -Bong Jim,..breaking the-silence. "-And right glad the-wifo will be to see-yon," exclaimed one of the men heartily. But the other saidmothing ; only stared anxiously ahead, and. clutched his bridle- rein with neryousting,ers. The Joru-ney-hadbroken down his health, and he feared. something, yet knew not what. It seemed. as though the dread of impending disaster -were-strong within him.

But Long Jim was cheerful, •almost gay. At timeahe broke into snatches ofx;ong, and his com- panions stared in amazement; for the overseer was usually silent, grave and self-contained. To-day, however, a change hall come over him. The intoler- able thirst which for hours hail consumed him, was now forgotten, and he heeded not the glare of the sun—the heat—the dust—or the many otherdiscom- forts of that miserable journey. What mattered it to him that not a drop of water remained in the water- bags? To-night he would be at home ; and which, ever way he gazed, he saw—not the barrea run, the dying sheep, the hovering crows; but a sweet, pure face—the face of Janet—the face of his wife. He laughed to himself; he took from his-breast pocket a. small case, and as he pressed tho- spring, it flew open, and the rays oF the sun flashed upou the gold locket it contained. This was Janet's present; Janet's Christmas box. Jim opened the locket, and gs.zed tenderly at the portrait of his wife. Then he closed it again, and laid it reverently in its case, and returned the case to his pocket. Many times he did this; and he remembered too that Janet had pro- mised hint a Christmas Box. Had ail gone well with her? he wondered. His heart beat rapidly, and lie grew anxious. With every mile, his longing to reach his home increased.

Evening approached. The sunset—red and angry looking. In the northern sky, clouds began to gather thick and fast. The rumble of distant thunder reached the ear; the lightning played hrfitful flashes. "The drought is breaking up, cried Jim; and he pushed forward with his two companions, into the teeth of the advancing storm. Swiftly the heavens were darkened. Great banks of cloud rolled majestically overhead, and the earth was enveloped in a pall as of the deepest night. Sud- dealy the vault of heaven seemed to burst into a sheet of flame, and vivid forks of light darted across the sky. The horses reared, and trembled uith fear. Again all was dark. Then came a sound as of the t roar of heavy cannon on the field of battle. Crash after crash—peal upon peal—shook the earth. The maddened horses plunged forward, and were almost unmanageable, but a few soothing words from their riders—a gentle patting on the neck, and they pressed swiftly onwards. "'We must make for the shepherd's old hut," shouted one of the men. It is only about a mile to the left."

"The station is not more than six miles off, and I mean to go on," answered Jim grimly. What was that strange, weird sound? Like the whirring of many wings it was; the rain falling heavily and rapidly through the air. Soon it was 'upon them ; a perfect deluge, before which they bowed their beads and gasped for breath. To reach the station would be impossible. They must take refuge in the shepherd's hut. Through the black darkness, relieved at intervals by the blinding gla:e of the lightning ; through that never-ending wall of water, the deafening crash of the thunder almost stunning them—they made their way. _ _ _

And at length the goal was reached. The horses were left on the sheltered side of the hut, and hobbled. The men were thoughtful of their steeds, removed their saddles, and carried them into the hut. Then they seated themselves on a rude bench and waited for the storm to pass. _

One long weary hour ran its course, and still there was no change. Flash succeeded flash, vivid, dazzling, almost blinding. The rumbling and crash- ing of the thunder continued unabated; the rain poured down unceasingly. And now, above the storm could be heard a roar as of angry billows beat- ing upon a rocky coast. Long Jim started to his feet, and stared anxiously into the right. A vivid flash of lightning lit up the scene for miles around, and revealed a sight that caused Long Jim to stag- ger. " Good God," he cried. "The river is corn- ing down a banker. I have no time to lose ; I must get home." ' But the others held him back. "It is madness," they exclaimed. "You must wait. The storm can't last much longer; and your cottage is too high on the bank to be in danger." Jim sank down with a groan, and buried his face in his hands. He realised how helpless he was; it was useless struggling against the storm. He thought of his wife alone, save for the presence of an old woman who would only hen hindrance if danger threatened—and the thought maddened him. He rushed to the door of the hut; only to be driven back before the fury of the elements. Nothing could be done ; he must wait, and hope for the best. Slowly the minutes passed, yet, the storm eon- tinned; and at length Jim would remain iialonger. "lam going," he said abruptly ; " you oars stay here, or accompany me, whichever you please." -

There was a moment's pause, then the -men an- swered—" We will go -with you ; but it's adool's game for all that." The horseswere quickly,smldled and started off at a good pace, as though anxious to make up for lost time. The rest had-refreshed them, and their instinct told them that the journey was nearly ended. For the first few miles not a word was spoken. Indeed, it was almost impossible to make one's self heard. But now there came a strange lull. Suddenly the storm had burst upon them, and as suddenly it had passed away. Already the sound of the thunder Was growing fainter and fainter, and the rain had ceased. Long Jim lifted his head and gazed about him. The sky overhead, and to the north, was bright with stars. In the Routh, the heavens were black, and the storm was raging fiercely. A full moon had risen above the distant hilltops, and the scene looked weird and ghostly in the extreme. Their course lay alows, the bank of the creek, and what but a little -while ago had been a dry, sandy bed, was now a foaming, raging torrent. A loud, sullen, continu- ous roaring: sound filled the air; strange, dark objects floated swiftly along with the current; huge logs of wood—the branches of trees—the carcases of sheep that bad been drowned. Long Jim dashed his spurs into the horse's flanks, for a sensation of sickening dread had laid hold upon him. The sweat stood in heaths upon his forehead, and his breath came in short sudden gasps. That ride, brief though it was, seemed to occupy an eternity. But now it was over. He had .reached his :borne. _ _ .

A dim light shone through the window of Janet's room. Round the cottage itself the flood waters whirled —a mass of foam, upon which the moonbeams fell with weird effect. For one brief moment, Long Jim seemed paralysed with fear. Then be sprang from m thehis lips. u saddle, Into the w n da great Neray of anguish burst sto of waters he aushed, and nothing could stay his progress. He entered the house, and made his way to his wife's room, the water reaching above his waist. Here a strange sight met his gaze. On the mantel-piece was a candle, dimly burning ; chairs and other articles floated all about the room, and the bed, though high, was completely under water. And standing on the bed was Janet. She was ill and helpless; yet, assisted by her old nurse, who stood beside her, she had raised herself up, and wac leaning against the wall, her child, hardly more thar fortnight old, clasped in her arms. As Jim rushed to her, she uttered his name ; then closed her eyes. and knew no ruore. -

Very tenderly Long Jim bore his .wife through the raging Head to a Place of safety ; while one-of his companions who had followed close behind, went to the rescue of Janet's nurse. Once more they mounted their horses, and with their helpless bur- dens, pushed on to the house of the manager. _

===== 0002601_19011220_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E P PS'S

QF,ATEFiIIi--COM FORTING. rr'' -• 0 A )41iite

2MEAKFAST-SLIPPER,

WARRINGTON.

Personal, At. the quarterly meeting of the Royal Lanca- shire Agricultural Society held on Monaay at the Liverpool Town Hall, Mr John White, J.P., of Moore was elected chairman of the Council St. John's Sale of Work. The sale of work in aid of St John's Presbyterian Church was continued on Saturday evening. The total sum realized was £B4 13s, and about .Cl 5 of goods still remain to be disposed of.

Sale of Work at Lymm. The amount realized by the two days sale in con- nection with Lymm Wesleyan Church is over £2.60, which is regarded as very satisfactory. The Proposed Manchester and:Liverpool Express Railway. The engineers of the Manchester and Liverpool, Electric Express Railway Company have just de- posited the plans for the new line with the Board of Trade. The plans include measurements for the permanent way and the steel superstructure of the mono-railway, together with the necessary details. H. DI ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is THE EINGLOF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—(A4vt Sudden Death in Buttermarket-street. On Saturday evening the death occurred with painful suddenness of Miss Polly Balshaw, a resi- dent of Winwick, and who is related to Mr George Howard, metal broker, Hall-street. It appears that deceased was walking along Buttermarket-street, when she staggered and fell to the groud. She was picked up and taken into the Rope and Anchor Inn but it was found that life was extinct. The body was afterwards conveyed to the house of her rela- tive in Hall-street. No inquest ,will be held as death was due to heart trouble.

WITHOUT OPERATION Diseases of the Visual Organs cannot resist Meilor's New Treatment. If your sight is impaired write at once for free pAmphlet.— MELLon, 168, Oxford-street, Manchester. (4)—Advl.

N.S.P.C.C. Ball.

In aid of the funds of the Warrington and dis- trict branch of the National Society for the Pre- vention of Cruelty to Children, a public ball was held on Tuesday evening in the assembly room at the Lion Hotel. The ballroom had been tastefully decorated for the occasion by Mr Ralph Johnson, and the music for dancing, which was kept up with spirit from nine till 1.30, was efficiently supplied by Mr R H Pearson's band. The programme was an excellent one. The catering was in the capable hands of Mrs Gilbert, manageress of the hotel Major Buckton, Bruche Hall, ably officiated as hon. secretary and treasurer of the ball, and the local Executive Committee of the Society consists of Mrs James Fairclough, Mrs Frost, Mrs Harrison, Mrs Long, Mrs Munro, Mips Appleton, Miss Broadbent, Miss Massey, Mr J D Buckton, Mr V B Davies, Mr A II Lee (hon. secretary) and Mr J McGregor. The ball passed off successfully, the attendance being satisfactory. and all the arrangements were most admirable.

The Crewe Accountantship. At a meeting ot the Crewe Town Council on Tues- day Mr CH Pedley said that the Finance Com- mittee had received a large number of applications for the position of Borough Accountant, and they recommended the Council to appoint Mr W Boyle, of Warrington, at a salary of £2OO a year. As the Corporation accounts now comprise a number of items in the way of electricity charges, and in view of the application for Crewe to become a County Borough in the not far distant future, the appoint- ment of Mr Boyle was most important.—Mr Man- ning asked who was respontible for placing the limit of age of candidates at 33? The Council had taken exception to a company which had fixed the age of their workmen at 40, and here they were s•-tting an even worse example.—Mr C 11 Pedley said toe limit was affixed by the Finance Com • mittee. and the Council approved of it at their last meeting. He dared say the feeling of the committee was that they wanted a fir,st-class man and they could only get a younj man for the salary they 1 offered.—The motion was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Super Question Solved

===== 0002601_19011220_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
t • *- • ' • • mg :tit t • 4 . s • .17 ",

A od; Tin of which goes as far as a iI6 Tin of ordinary cocoas.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LUARIB

(474 '44 t ; fA 4 ••.e-w • •

Being the

Most refined Most digestible Most soluble Most satiar3fling and Most strelwthoning

===== 0002601_19011220_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
forms

===== 0002601_19011220_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
cocoas

THE MEAL BURP& BEVERAGE,

7 g t 0 - 9 ,L 1,233 g •li‘ v r/.-1 , ...

„g„. gaq A r !„.;

The Great

New Cocoa

A Warrington Woman's Mysterious Death. The Coroner for Rochdale has received notifica- tion of the death of a woman who was found dying in the streets,on Friday. After some difficulty the woman was identified as Annie Owen. wife of Joho Owen, of IVarrington. For a few weeks deceased bad resided with a charwoman at Rochdale. 00 Friday morning she left the house, and some hours later was discovered lying in the road in a dying condition. Assistance was obtained and she WO conveyed to the Infirmary in the ambulance carriage. There were severe cuts on the face and bead, and in view of these circumstances the coroner ordered a post-mortem examination. There is no suspicion of foul play, and it is suppcsed than deceased has been a victim of the blizzard. H. 51. asitrows LIPS CONIC: is ras KING 01P TONICS —63. SANILET-BIRFET, Warringtoa.—(Advt.) Presentation to Mr. W. Hickman. -

On Sunday afternoon the usual P.S.A.- Meeting was held in the Lecture Room at the Y.31.C.A. lAr T Taker presiding. Mr Henry Taylor gave an se" dress from the text " Fear God and keep His coin" mandments, for this the whole duty of man." 31t Ince rendered two concertina solos, which were highly appreciated. At the conclusion of the cr," dinary service the President (Mr Clegg) informed the members that he had that afternoon a veil pleasant duty to perform. Some months ago Mr Hickman, who had held the office of preeinent for three and a half years, bad found it necessarY through indifferent health and overwork to resign that office. The committee and members, in an- • cepting that resignation, felt that they were losing the services of a faithful and capable worker, one who had presided over the society with great abil- ity and under whose guidance the society had cor tinned to prosper. The members felt that they would like in some small way to recognise sue> service. Opportunity had been given, and tha.s afternoon they were met to present to the ex-Preek" dent a silver inkstand. Mr Edward iTaylor said 0 had been his privilege to have been associated witll Mr Hickman for fifteen years in Christian work- and he was proud of the success that had attended their labours at the P.S.A. Mr Hy. Taylor, vine' president ; Mr Clough, Mr Taker and Mr BroWnt ' also spoke of the work done. Mr Hickman veil( feelingly responded and said that for forty years be had been engaged in all kinds of work to benefo bia fellow-men, but it had remained for the mein" hers of a P.S.A. &clay to put in a tangible forrn, an expression of their appreciation. The duties the office had been varied, and at times irkeonie' but the kindest words which had been said of WI had been said at those meetings. The following inscription was engraved on the inkstand :-.-"' " P.S.A. (Y.M.C.A.) Presented to Mr W Hickmte3 in reeognition of his services as president. War" riugton, December, 1001." 1 ..---......—.. FEARED HE HAD LOST T. When Wu Ting Fang, the famous Chinese Minister Ls' Washington, misspd one day from the front of ho 04: the immense diamond he always wears there, he dreadfully shocked and frightened. An observing frifP' pointed out that the statesman had irtadvetten!ir donned his turban wrong side before, and that the mood weenie in the rear. Profuse tbacks and Fund relief. Oh, the differences between toings• , 11,:er , Wu Ting Fang been wearing a BCMoll'il Porous I"' • ! on hi? chest or back to cures cold, an aeite or a strait, be never would have doubted its location too an igetai:,d ' He would have felt it doing its work,—warming te 1 making flexible the torpid mutcles, extracting (05,....." . may Pay) tee pain and soreness, promoting tne.“l7 circulation of the blood through coegeated areas, stunfin_ latinst the skin and lungs to proper action. and, _f , dissolving and banishing the malady that troueled bin" il Thus we perceive beloved friends, that 1 A BIG DIAMOND ON A HAT while a pretty thing to look upon, is of no practical use ' Under the canopy. But Benson's Plasters are SupremelY . , useful. They relieve and cure gout, rheunasti?T_ neuralgia, colds on the chest, lame back, &0., so Own.s!.): . and completely as to make you wonder how it can 12_;. Better now,—well to-ntoerow ; that's the way they work. In the hour of pain and misery a Benson's Plaster on the . ,_ _ bad spot is worth a dozen big diamonds tied round_tezni", rim of your six-shillings derby. Get the genuine. n I son's Plastets are sold by all chemists.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rag

===== 0002601_19011220_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
'The sciboo hurch pre Is Friday origregatior

:C;rated w Us had ied assor !Woo the Ilholders s KirkPa' S W reshmeat ). Mrs Rec

Fere faithfu The open [ld was per ras accomp

rid Mr H E after a b 5 le Rev E The Rev. , hetory ren !list be sur

)uld 13? ci the work

thich was I Mrs MACD lat When inclicati 'ere nith rcgencean tad to corn kryinetitut vils—(laug

anted ; cc was asto! IF,s of vc,

[any cas: to be so ley hada% rid probfa umber of lern. Soo

'n3, in tha ly one wl helped

lore time /arringto:J )oln for a; lat they . _

ir chum in mid-c ce passa; To bouni

VPZe3 ha kkicg s:e progress puld r:(

)uld mak )ked for;

4eclrired th Mrs Mac

ropositioc y3usiziess mament v

Imtal mi Fiiday's

very 1Z senter

WI orgau Ho wevel

‘jhristmas

AU who heada _.'cund sem

lated an It% the Poe

table duii loae, witl Iteure fre aleepleisn tbis fei

meet miktional sidieg. elhbertc 'elthuret /eYer), 4legton C hrder for The CI t'llk_f the mi 11.31 The CI Ilezt „_ re(

t P.; C°Luicil tar vvl of the c; The C oubliged "Etauss biettict Ind ou t otting Mr Pe tlested fistrirt bi Coast ibeanY a; t habita the Lig tailwayi toltural °Mold c tot rnix there. The C " Ow) *ere co Mr Pi the ws.

a, posi the Col Act it Ildvant

===== 0002601_19011220_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.41 it

===== 0002601_19011220_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTEaIAN CHURCH WARRINGTON.

Sale of Work. The schoolroom attached to St. John's Presbyterian Church presented a bright and cheerful appearance gis Friday afternoon, when a sale of work in aid of the g_Prigregational funds was opened. The room had been gecorated with a liberal display of bunting, and severs, Stalls had been tastefully arranged with a large an varied assortment of useful and ornamental articles. I addition there was an attractive refreshment stall. Tti etallholders were as follows :—No 1 stall : Mrs Milne _Mrs Kirkpatrick, and Mrs J McDowell ; No. 2 stall Mfrs W McDowell, Mrs Newman, and Mrs Ferguson vefreshment stall : Miss Barlow and Mrs Miller ; bran .111). Mrs Rees. The onerous duties of hen, secretary Were faithfully discharged by Sergeant Williamson. The opening ceremony commeeced at three o'clock was performed by Mrs Macdonald,of Bowdon. She a accompanied on the platform by the Rev J L Milne ilZinister of the church) Rev E T Reed, Rev C Finch Slid Mr H E Hawthorne. , After a hymn had been sung and prayer offered by 'he Rev E T Reed, , The Rev. J. MILNE, in the course of a few intro- girctory remarks, said be was sure all the workers it be surprised and delighted at what they had been S to accomplish so far and he hoped their labours uld be crowned with success. All who had assisted the work were to be congratulated on the display hich was made. Mrs MACDONALD, who had a •cordial reception said It when first she was aiked to open that sale of work Zer inclination was to refuse, but when she heard o Wieir difficulties in the past and of the strong effort they e making to go forward, she thought that if her ience and sympathies could help them she would be Ito cense. (Hear, hear.) Sales of work were neces- iinstituticns—she was almost going to say necessary e •fils—(laughter)—but perhaps they were not altogether its. to no other way could they raise the money anted ; certainly not by going round for subscriptions. was astonishing how much money was realized by sof work. They were also very great boons in aisy cases and she was sure they had found to be so in connection with that church. Perhaps ' hadn't realised before each others' good qualities probably they had not realised before what a tber of wonderfully skilled fingers they had amongst t. She was sore the preparation for that sale had sped many qualities that would be very helpful to 4in their church work. TI'S minister was not the ly one who could do good church work. Unless he a helped by his people the church would make very le progress. When they thought of how much time our and thought had been given to at sale they would realise that they could give ore time and labour to help on the work of the church 'arringtun was a big place ard there was plenty of ora for aggressive Christian work hereabouts, and now it they bad united in that effort she hoped they 'ld work unitedly as a church. She understood a elaurch had been for some time like a ship becalm. in mid-ocean and people had perhaps hesitated to s passage with them without knowing where they 3 bound for. Now she believed the freshening eze; had begun to blow and they were apparently ;king steady progress, and would, she hoped,continue 4) progress. She thought people hearing of them now ' ould not hesitate to sail with them and rue trusted that they, together with their minister, would make for that desired haven which they so much eked forward to, and would become a vigorous and trosperous church in Warrington. (Applause.) She then 14kolared the sale of work open. f Mrs Macdonald's services were acknowledged on the Proposition of arlr 11 E HAWTHORNE.• • Business was then commenced. At night an enter- `airsinent was provided, consisting of vocal and irxstr u- taPntal music, conjuring, Sze. Friday's p:oceeds amounted to about £5O.

i otl

, --ft—s— i mecorated

i ati-e'

*„* Secretaries ofFootball Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, Bewsev-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

' tett( tub, Ind vie (Mit and the zanst able vault ttn *Web Mr, !bat ' tier Theit 'were Pregi Cad naryi, evils—. it 40.1 +ban, it to' they %tict aural them tleveloi them only Was ' tittl( that haere Warri toena that Vou their ed in tlice ero neer kat

===== 0002601_19011220_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS EATING.

Death. notitiew nd dv

dafe-: 00 me hours a dyioo [ she vess nabulunco face anic aces trosl m. Thera cued tbas

ENG 0? idvto

M e an ad. His co an." ikt icliwe E the 0 inform a ye ago Id icient fc

to resig-‘5 s, in it re Icsin rker, on .3at bad con' the' [se Buell rid thas 3x-Pr'

r said it ':ed wit`

;Y Ye6° benaAr' le mere'

of WO 'flowing fond

Vlitn—a° . War

nister te° f ho OP , , be ;g I frifill, ' rerten.,tor the nd Prc- ' s. 046,. a strain. inetaflc. ing and , (*8 97a tbe free , stirna- and so ed dial.

'cal use

.. matisalr quiCklY can DP- r work- , r On tbe Lad the Berk'

ti,iil,

tlftll 171.5,tt late,

---...,--. Warrington Field Club.

very distinguished physiciau once wrote the follow- sentence :—" 1 think the cause of the complicated %dies of the human race, is their stuffing their diges- -, organs to excess." However this may be, it is a well known fact that 7sPepsia or indigestion, is the national disease in 'land ; and at no period is it so common as at stmas. Highly seasoned dist es, rich foods, and mea's are the productive source of indigestion, at Christmas all these are eaten in large quantities. ue finest known aid to the digestive organs yet die- u`rered is provided by the vegetable essences contained 'la Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness. All who would during Christmistide escape the rack- pg headache, the dizziness, the heart-burn, and the all- Sound sense of wretchedness due to indigestion, will do veil to keep a box handy. Bile Beans are not sugar c:iiated and may be carried by ladies or gentlemen loose the pocket. They are very small and palatable, and ?Us or two may be easily swallowed whilst sitting at _able during or immediately after, a heavy maal. This uuse, with one or two Beans taken upon retiring, will "!2sure fredom from headache, constipation, dyspepsia, ePleisnpFs, and depression; ailments so very common tt this festive season. •

STOCKTON HEATH. THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. meeting of the above clmmittee was held in the i+jational Sztiools on Thursday last week,Mr J Clarke pre ir kg. There was also present :—Messrs G Pilling, J bemberton, Whitley. 'Mclntyre, Pearson, Mounfield,and :44burst with G F Ashton (clerk), and J Swinton (sur- "So:). THE LIGHT RAILWAY PROPOSALS.

); The Clerk said he bad received a notice from the War- gton Corporation of their intention to apply for an "tder for a light railway in that district.. ~.ftle Chairman said he thought he might say, as most the members of the Parish Council were present,that would be very glad of the assistance of the District 'huncil in making terms with the Warrington Corpora-

„ The Clerk said the notice would be produced at the "eat meeting of the District Council, and probably a 9111tnittee would be appointed to go into the question. the Parish Council had any views to lay betore the °„?acil that would be the time to do it. Mr Whitley : We should like to have the co-operation 11l the County Council. The Chairman said the Committee formed would be Z,,'llged to communicate with the County Council T:.cause they bad no control over the road. But still the 'Strict Council had the government of Stockton Heath 11 a ought to assist the ratepayers ot the parish in Retting whatever conditions they wished to have. Mr Pemberton moved that the Parish Council be re- to submit their views on the matter to the 4.l,ltrict Council* He remarked that the line ought to ZI constructed under the Tramways Act. There were eau9 Safeguards under the Tramways Act which the thabitants would have taken out of their power under the , Light Railway Act. He pointed out that a light ; way was for the yuryose of dealing with agri- talturalists' traffic, butithe Warrington Corporation li no 1/ould only be from the Mulberry Tree to the Bridge and 4f3t much agricultural produce could be carried from tbsro. The Chairman said he thought there was no feeling Of opposition t) the tramway provided suitable terms were corun to. Mr Pemberton : You cannot get suitable terms from cae Warrington Corporation, unless you put yourself in a position to get them. Continuing, he said that if the Corporation got the order under the Light Railway Act it would not give them (the committee) the same advantage that they would get under the Tramway Act. The resolution was carried and the meeting coo- led.

.14 Charles White presided at the fifth meeting It, the present Session in connection with the R bove I,""tih• Mr T Wright, of Heathside, exhibited a recitoen of ophiodes lunnris captured by him at lamere.in June last. This moth is not uncommon Spain but very rare in Britain,and it is a curious cunast'ance that Mr Wright, a beginner in the 11"'"37 of entomology, should have been so lucky. lie ?Ma, of course, ignorant of his good fortune OW a more experienced colleague congratulated g 11712 upon it. One of these moths was taken in iltiaolk in 1832, and only seven others ilve been recorded in the interim ; two of '4B seven being very doubtful. Mr Wright's Pure bad been sent for exhibition to don, where it had attracted much attention in ;toroological circles. Mr William Burton de- eFed a lecture on sea weeds, dealing mainly with a fixed forms, whose so-called roots are net in way organs of nutrition, nut merely anchors. treated both the geographical and the zonal r.zihntion of these plants which become rare at out 20 and cease at 50 fathoms depth: The most Portent conditions of their crowth, other than :ttition, are temperature and light ; and the lee_ "1r ascribed tbe changing colours—green for the ;Lace, brown for the shallow, and red for the Per forms—to their needs in respect of light. A !Pleion that he was contusing cause and effee Da:entty prompted his frank admission that ht SUZgegt no probable theory of these adapt 1. The subject war; illustrated by many bean IPecimens, and Mr Burton was warmly con- ri,ated on the energy and r atience which be shown in the collect-ion and examination of his

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustratedglook ontalning valuable Information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means Recommended by eminen Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure, and Genuine Remedy, Never fal.s. Thousands of testimonials, SU P. PLANCIARD, Dalston Lane, London.

1 ; itt'g b / ttlalad! tiVO r a u , ~.raglaild 'he t tP , , ittait, .. "ered i ini I°. 'Or 1 P . --- one IP. tat, dr e , ' __.... 63r Lying if Jolla . ieceased 1 --t 1 3 CI l e I %II If .. iti3l;C , - f , Id fe , ;a -qv ...- - LLg le 1,1 , 'reef:" 'a it ~ )1'1:: t. ded A 1 Ice- ad APILI, Att verl 11 'ear9 gaud; lefir' oral ies a :eorlie*

c, tlon. tift• 1

===== 0002601_19011220_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN UNION COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

CUMBERLAND v. CHESHIRE. These teams met at Whitehaven on Saturday, before a fairly large attendance. On the Cheshire side Houghton, who was injured in the Yorkshire match, was unable to play, his place being taken by Wilkinson, of Runcorn, On the Cumberland side Nelson (Aspatria) was succeeded at half back by J J Fletcher, (Seaton), and forward Steel (Aspatria) and J Atkinson (Etillom) gave way to Elliott (Aspatria) and Hogarth (Millem). The ground was in a wet condition, and at intervals during the game there were slight falls of snow. Cumberland won the toss, and Farmer started for Cheshire against a slight wind. From the outset the Cheshire backs showed distinct superiority, and good play by Jolley and Richardson compelled Fitzsimmons, for Cumberland, to kick dead twice in quick succession. Robinson attempted to drop a goal, but the ball was charged. Immediately after: wards Farmer attempted to place a goal from a mark, but failed. Subsequent play fluctuated between the Cheshire and Cumberland twenty-fives, and was of an exciting char- acter, but neither side scored up to half-time In the second half Robinson had the ball passed to him by Jol:ey, who passed to Warder, and Ihat player scored a try,Farmer failing at goal. Jorey afterwards got the ball from a scrum- mage near the line.eluded Whitehead. and scored nearithe corner,Farmer again failing at goal. Lightfoot then 'scored a somewhat lucky try,and Farmer kicked a goal Jolley subse- quently scored his second try. Farmer failing at goal. Result s—Cheshire, one goal and four tries (14 points) ; Cumberland, nothing.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON BEAT OLDHAM. A GAME IN THE SNOW.

Warrington scored a notable victory on Saturday on the Waters heddings ground where they beat the Oldhamites be five points to two and secured a couple of chalks in the championship table. The severity of the recent atom had been felt with greater force at Oldham than in Warrington and when the 2JO Warrington enthral:lets who followed the Warrington' team to Watersheddings arrived:in the hilly town they were suprised to find it wrapped in a mantle of snow and the pressmen were still more surprised to hear that com- munication with the outside world by telephone was practi- cally nil. About live thousand spectators lined the snow covered field, many of the Oldhamites being induced to attend by the appearance in the three-quarter line of a new player of the name of Hinge, the exaumberston and Keigbley youth, Punctually to time the teams turned out as follows:

-- Warrington : Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son and Harris. threequarters ; Townsou and Allen half- backs ; Taylor, Fell, Edmondson, Eden, Morrison, Board- man, J Swift and Ashton, forwards. Oldham : Thomas, back; Spottlawoode, S Lee,Hings and S Williams, threequarters ; A Lee and Lawton, half-backs ; Ferguson, Topham,Wilkinson (G), Wilkinson (J H),Bonser, Vowles, Teller and Browne, forwards. Winning the toss, Isherwood wisely decided to take advan- tage of the stiff breeze which was blowing from goal to goal. Ferguson started operations and the new player distin- guished himself at the outset by tackling one of his own side, a Mete performance which drew from the Oldhamites a somewhat sickly smile. From the first scrimmage Town- son got possession and passed out to Dickenson but the last- named player's pass went wide and a good opening was lost. Scrimmaging ensued] on the Oldham line, and the home team were penalised, Lawton playing off side round the scrimmage. For this Werrington were awarded a free kick close to the Oldham line, and Fish had no difficulty in placing a goal. This early success acted like a tonic on the Warrington men and they were soon making matters warm for Oldham in their own twenty-five. Frater brought relief by a dashing dribble in which the Oldham forwards ably seeonded him. leherwcod carried the ball bock with a vigorous run through his opponents and a moment later Dickenson got past Hinge and kicked across the goal. Spottiswoode followed by Fish made a dash for possession and Spottitowoode just succeeded in kicking dead. The drop out brought little relief to Oldham. and Morrison was to the frost in a smart follow uo. Oldham were again penalised and Nish made another attempt to negotiate the ball between the posts but failed. The Old- ham forwards followed up with great dasl'iland headed an invasion into Warrington territory. Hallam cleared them out and after Lees had made a mark, which availed nothing, the ball was corded to the Oldham end, where tall kicking be the Warrington backs ended in nothing more tangible than a dead ball, the wind carrying the oval to the rails. A round of passing by Allen. Townson, and Dickenson placed the home line in danger, and Thomas touched d nen to save. Oldham were defending well, but the Warrington backs corn- bleed beautifully, and Harris getting possession had almost thrust himself over the line when he was knoexed into touch at the corner ilag.Success came shortly afterwards, for a long Pass by Allen placed the ball near Fish and that player pie k ing up, rounded Williams 'and scored what proved to be the only try of the match. Hallam took the kick and made a good attempt to place a goal but failed. The Oldham backs who up to now had been clearly outclassed gave a taste of their quality and S. Less and Wllliams were prominent with geed work. l'elakiag full tile of the wind, War- rington soon changed the venue of operations to the other end and Dickenson made a desperate effort to get over the line on his own account. Harris followed his example at the next opportuoity but he wan collared by Hings. Hallam next destinguished himself by a lofty kick and follow tio. I He was successful in getting possession again and ere he I was collared by Thomas he threw across to Fish and that player was held up on the line by Spottiswoode. Half-time arrived with Warrington leading by five points to nil. Swift restarted and the ball rolled into touch. From the I drop out Allen made a mark. A foi ward dribble by the War- ' rington men took play to the Oldham 25. Here the Warring- ton men were penellsed, and Oldham transferred play to the other end, Hallam being collared with his charge. Play eettleS down in the Warrington 25, but the Oldham backs did not combine well and keen tackling by the Warrington backs kept them out. Isherwood saved finely amidst a host of opponents and Edmondson gave Warrington relief by making a mark. At length Allen was penalised for an infringement in putting the ball into the scrum, and Ferguson made an attempt to kick a goal but failed. A Lees next made a futile attempt to kick a goal.but at last Oldham opened the Score in the same way as Warrington had done. Allen was again penalised and Ferguson succeeded on this occasion In kicking a goal. Oldham now strove hard to get the additional points neededlto win but the Warrington men showed equal determination 10 keep them out. Harris raced away along the touch line to the Oldham twenty-five but the gale which was blowing stopped Warrington from mak- ing much headway. Ferguson made a fraitless attempt te kick another goal. Hallam defended splendidly. Townson tricked his opponent cleverly and got away smartly. Fish followed him up and Townson threw across to him but the wind blew the ball over Fish's head and the opening was lost. Oldham now pressed to the close but they were un- able to pierce the Warrington defence and the visitors re- tired victors of a hard fought game by five points to two.

SwlNTole Y. LaTLEY. There WM Odle a moderate number of spectators on the Swinton ground to see the first match between these clubs. A strong wind blew from goal to goal, and Batley, win. ning the toss, set Swinton to play against it. Valentine kicked off, and Swinton at once forced their way to the Bat- ley quarter, but a long kick by Fitzgerald transferred play to the other end of the field, where Oakland was brought down by Chorley just in time to prevent him scoring. From the ensuing scrummage. however. t• Die" Davies got ottaide,and a penalty goal resultel to Batley. Swinton were still forced to act on the defensive. and loose passing let in Fitzgerald' who dribbled the ball over the borne line, but just as he was dropping on it, Chorley kicked it away, and a minor only resulted. Then the Swinton backs commenced to pass splendidly, and the ball was carried by first one and then another almost the whole length of the field, Cooper event- ually scoring a try. which Preston failed to improve. The Batley r.en were unable to cope with Swinton's passing, and Valentine and Barnett scored tries, both of which Preston improved. At half-time Swinton led by 13 points to two. The second half commenced in rather a sensational manner. .Vgaal ienn.t itnhe. 1118 latti eeyd tf h. rewhaarl ,s ahnadd it eaf fore fhrea rac d. andgat hsepra rirt scored an unimproved try. After this Battey were consider- ably cverplayed, and it took them all their time tackling the Lane hMeogr ..Foufrt heri .thripersews teorne sicEpo rperdovheyd,E yards aSnwdi nl3taornn t te,n; Batley, one goal and one try (five points), ended :—Swinton, three goals and six tries (2; points) ;

HUNSLET V HUDDERSFIELD.

At Hunslet, bfWre-2UO spectators. Result ; Hamlet, one goal and two tries (eight points); Huddersfield, one goal and one try (Ave points). HALIFAX V. HULL,

At Halifax, In wintry weather, whien kept the attendance low. HaWax began against the wind, and in the first five minutes Parry, helped by a, pass by Jacques, crossed the Halifax line, Jacques's place failing. Hambrecht made two plunges for home, being cleverly baulked. but Hull kept in close and Jacques got in. himself improving. Half-time : Hull, eight points; Halifax, acne. Result :—Hull, one goal and three tries (eleven points) ; Halifax, two goals (four points). BRADFORD V- LEIGH. At Bradford, before only 2,000 spectators. The forwards played the typical Yorkshire game, and their strong bursts somewhat demoralised the Leigh back division, whilst the backs want in for lofty punting and following up, the result being that it was at only rare intervals that the Leigh backs , were able to play their usual paasing game. Capital dribbling by both sets of forwards was followsd by Pearson being tackled on his own line, and from the succeeding pack Mars- den cleverly dodged over, Mosby kicking a goal. At the interval Bradford led by Ave points to three. Just after this restart J Roberts made a mark near the Bradford posts, and Dunbkvin had apparently kicked a goal, when the wind carried the ball outside. This was very hard luck for Leigh Bradford afterwards pressed hard, and won by a goal and a try to a try, or five points to three. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS V BROUGHTON P.ANG ERR. _ _ .

This return match was played at Brigt.ouse, before only a fair attendance of spectators. Brighouse were well repre- sented, but the visitors were weakened through the absence of S James, Ruddick, Stead, and Wilson, With a man short Brighouse continusd to attack strongly, and eventually Walton scored an unimproved try. Widdeson was next prominent with a fine run, and Broughton reached the home quarter. where W James failed to place a penalty goal, and half-time arrived with Brighouse leading by three points. With the wind in their favour the visitors immediately forced the home team back to their line, where they were penalised, and W James placed a goal. The visitors' forwards then made a capital loose dribble, which ended in Hogg scoring an unimproved try' Saville placed a penalty goal for Brighouse, and the game ended in a draw of five points each.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETI-

TION.

SUMMARY OF RESULTS. 4. T. P. Widnes Wigan Barrow 2 1 7 St Helen. Hull Kingston It RESULTS TO DATE.

For. Agst. P.W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 14.. 14... 0... 0...27 40—.174...12 4 36...28 Wigan 13...11... ?... 0...27 40-174...13 6 44...22 Barrow 13... 8... 5... 0-24 23-117...14 9 55...16 Stockport ll. 7... 2... 2...15 17— 81... 5 1— 13...14 St Helens 11... 6... 6... 0...16 17— 83...12 11— 57 ..12 Birkenhead 12. 6... 6... 0...14 23 97...14 20— 83...12 Hull K.Rmers 7... 5... 1... 1... 9 12— 54... 5 3 19...11 Millom 10. 5... 4... 1...18 25 —lll.. 11 14— 64...11 Lancaster 15. 5... 9... 1...22 :7 95...17 23-103...11 Rochdale Irnetslo... 3... 6... 1... 9 8— 42... 5 14— 52... 7 Morecambe 14. 2...11... 1... 916 65...22 21-107... 5 *Altrincham 14... 1...12... 1... 4 2 14...36 56-273... 1 "Radcliffe 12... 1...11... 0... 4 7 29...33 55-231... 0 Radcliff, Altrincbam and Stockport have each had two points deducted for breach of rules.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH-EAST LANCASHIRE

LEAGUE.

ROCHDALE RoRNELEI V. SALFORD.—This match took place at Rochdale, in bolverous weather The Hornets were strongly represented, but Salford had a very poor team, and owing to the non-arrival of permits from the Union, which prevented several of their players turning out, they were only able to place a team of eleven players in the field.

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

A CREDITABLEVICTORYFOR WARRINGTON "A."

There ries a good attendance of spectaters at the Wilder- spool enclosure on Saturday to witness the encounter bet ween the local "A " team and Oldham " A." Warrington won (be toss and toe visitors started operations against a stiff breeze. An incursion was made into the War. ington half but the home defence was quite equal to the attack and play settled about mid-field. Warrington played vigorously, and ultimately Burgess got possession and passed to Lawless, that player transferr- ing to Jones who notched a try near the corner. Ratcliffe made an abortive:attempt at goal. The home team continued to press and Hockenhall made a fine run, being grassed near the line. The visitors now forced play into the home terri- tory but a free kick relieved matters. Half time arrived with Warrington leading by three points to nil. On resum- ing Oldham were the first to take up the attack and the right wing registered their first try. No goal resulted. Warrington now showed good form. Hcckenhall scorad from an opening by Burgess. Jones kicked a goal from a rather difficult angle. No further scoring was recorded and the whistle sounded with the score—Warrington, one goal two tries (eight points) ; Oldham, one try three points.

PLTICIIER RUESELL'S ACCOUNT FOR W/DNEI A." This match was played at Warrington, on Saturday: before only a meagre attendance. Playing with the wind in their favour during the first half, the general run of the game went in favour Of the visitors, whose forwards made several vigorous rushes which were ably checked by Brown. The Engineers' played a superb defensive game. Eventually the home team were penalised, and Taylor succeeded in plac- ing a goal. This proved to be the only tangible score during this half. With the elements in their favour, the Engineers soon made matters warm ha the vicinity of the Widnes goal. and the outcome of brilliant passing movements resulted in tries being scored, the final reading as follows : —Fletcher Russells, ;aloe points ; Whines "A," two points.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

RIINCORN PARIS RECS. V ALvINLEY.

Thia encounter took place on the Parfait ground on Satur- day. The game finally ended in favour of the Rees, by three goals to two. __ WESTON CHuRCH v PRoDSHAM PARISH CHURCH.

Played at Weston on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by one goal to nil. Howe was the scorer.

SANKEY ALBIONS V WARRINGTON CENTRAL.

These UTZ& met on the ground of the former on Saturday. The Central attacked and from a rush in trout of goal, the ball was sent through. Hall-time Warrington Central. one goal : Sankey Albicris,nii. Rigby started the second half for the home team who were not long in egualizing,Walto n with a good shot being the scorer. 'The Albions were now having all the play and Watson added two more in (pick succession. Bounhill now forced his way past several oppon- ents and added the fourth and Inst point for the Albions Final: Sankey Albions, four goal ; Warrington Central, one goal. WAURINGTON CUP, SECOND ROUND.

WARRINGTON S. MARY'S v. WARRINGToN Sr. AtTsTIN'EI.

This match was plaved on the ground of the former, and after a keen atri exciting game, the match resulted in a pointless draw. WARRINGTON V. THELWALL.

Played oh the Arplev enclosure. Warrington started against the wind, with only eight men. Thelwall were the firet O 8.93UTT10 the aggressive, Hobin being called upon to I clear, Hewitt scored the first goal for Thelwall from a corner. Five minutes after Wood registered a second goal. I At this junction the local team was augmented by Graham and Pritchard. Warrington attacked strongly, but the visiting custodian saved well. Half-time : Thelwall, two gcala ; Warrington. nil. On resuming, Warrington went away with a rush, and one of the Thelwall backs put through his own goal. Immediately after Sharpies eqnalizsd. Both teams tried strenuously to gain the winning point, but the defence of each proved too much for the attack- Final Thelwall, two goals ; Warrington, two tries. RICHMOND'S ENGINEERS V. WARRINGTON TRINITY. Played on the ground of the former on Saturday. The home team kicked off against the wind, and was making tracks for Parry, when Joseph checked their career. The Engineers' defer ce was next busily engaged, and Bradshaw sent in a good shot from touch line, and had hard lines in not scoring the ilichrnonds' custodian saving in fine style The visitors still maintained the pressure, and after Lavell had tricked several opponents, he banged the ball through, thus opening the scoring for Trinity. Warrington again bore down on the Engineers' goal,and a corner occurred, but this proved unproductive. The home right now indulged in a run along the toach, and Shearer being at fault. let In Witherage who scored a somewhat simple goal. Just before the interval Baker nearly added a second for Trinity with a good shot which brought the Engineers' goalkeeper to his knees. Ha'f-time arrival with the score one each. In the I second moiety, Trinity went away with a rush, but the Bich- ' mond's defence was sound. and Austin assisted the ball towards the opposite end. Corcoran receiving scored the second goal for the Engineers. He was evidently offuide,but the referee allowed the po nt. The visitcws nnse. worked a quick passage in thadirection of the home goal. Melehin and Dickenion being exceedingly dangerous. Trinity were having decidedly the best of matters, the house custodian having to hum ule repeatedly. After some smart work on the part of Dwell, Houghton nearly got through. The home team now had 9 turn an t forced a corner, but this yielded nothing. The Visitors tried herd to break the home defence bust to no avail. Final: Richmond's Engineers, two goals ; Warrington Trinity, one goal.

FLORILINE —rOq THE TEETH AND BRELTR.- - ThorOnghy cleanaea the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, premots tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price qs. 6th for the liquid, or le. per jar for the Florillne "yowder," of all Clherziate and Perfumers. Add VALUABLE DI3 COVERT FOR THE your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off we the MEXICAN Ham RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to Its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wo.I as promoting the growth. Price 3a 6d per bottle.— Ad A*

To Morns:FM—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions ai mothers for their 3hildron while teething, with perfect sturess. It will relieve the yoorsufterer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ;and produces natural (inlet steep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as 'Might as a button." Of all Chemists is WI nor bottle. Advt. CLARKE'S II 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back, Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. eacb, of all Chemists and Patent medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland ;Counties DrugOompany Lincoln.—

_ COUGHS, COLDS, PA/Ng LH TILE' CHFST, EHORTNESS OF 13P.RATH, PRLEOlf.—Dit. LOCOCK'S PULIfoNIC WAFERS give immediate relief. and a rapid cure, nothing else gives such a sound. refreshing night's rest. In Rheumatic and Ner• VOUS complaints they act like a charm. To singers and public speakers they are invaluable for clearing and streng- thening the voice. They have a p'easant taste. Is led. 2s 9d. 4s 6d, and its per box. Sold by all medicine vendors, Caution.—The genuine Dr. Locock's medicine have the name in the Government Stamp, and the Trade !lark (Dr. LecocK ") on the label.—Actvt• (5).

===== 0002601_19011220_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
E _ DizeM from Paris ; Latest Novel- m t.tr,e1,31E6d.. VlL9Ddiin,3lll Lir-ouegagt% a— Street, Beeslen, Notts"

===== 0002601_19011220_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1901

===== 0002601_19011220_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,&TAKa 4"'"

===== 0002601_19011220_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
OAo ULINE I ,TRAtiS PARENT all ENT, FOR ALL BROKEN ARTICLES.,

MAHU A T- TO. L' ••

===== 0002601_19011220_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BUY ONLY LONDON WATCHES.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
- London , Made 44*" _ _

Guaraatced for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. The "BANK" and "LUDGATE " are the Best Yal4lo made, and Excel all others at the price. In Silver Cases. In IS-ct. Gold. Cases. BE' 'SON'S

KEYLESS ENGL,ISiI LEVE.R

===== 0002601_19011220_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
"BANK"

I)EST LONDON MADE, Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISE 1.1 LEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless Action, Crystal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver, £6, or in strong IS-ct. Gold Cases, £l5.

SELECTIONS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLSLY TAKEN n 7 EXCHANGE.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY of all kinds sent Free at V cur risk, to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O.

RENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. " CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " & SILVER PLATE, & CUTLERY. Post free.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
L( ,_..„, _ 2:.„2, ....

THE STEAM FACTORY-

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

IDEST, CHEAPEST. and STRONGEST. London made .1) THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Lever Wateb. Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance, Patent Lame Barrel ,nd Damn and Dust Proof Ring Band, Massive Silver Cases with mbreakable Crystal Glass, double the Strength and Value of any other £5 ss. Watch. Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 55.:--No. 1, Gentlemen's as glustrnted); No. 2, Working Men, Railway Men and 21inere': No 3, Ladies'. In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's, £l2 12s, Ladies', £lO 10s. Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3. 105

J, frlfrß ENS tt N Lah,

62 & 04, MATE ELL, LONDON.

PARTICULARS OF "TUE TIMES" SYSTEM POST FREE.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S "LUD,GATE'

1,,

.-. 0 • ~,,, In tOi-, • -, , ~,,,, q : •,,,7.„4.1 . ~..v, 1.'4 .. . .„ ' 1 .0 BENSON'S ‘ 1.. . , . . , . --- ,•-• BOOK ' ' sk, ..,.. ,i /....,/, -,....... ,„ „.. ~.. POST FREE In Silver Cases. 40 , . . ~., 91.4.i.-17 , „i 1 • ~ PI ~ - t, r•=—! , .i. \ ;2 ' k'', ' :.; •'-;.°: .1 ~ ..... , 1 Fine Gold. Chains, llall ( ',,'` ~." ~,,4' fratu £3 NOTII-011DED. FORII AND \

===== 0002601_19011220_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
• _ f .); - • - ..i'llr. ' o.' . : , 1,.,.. IV .‘4l.•'• :. - I P • 1•. ' • I.* , . ~ 4**s. ....... .• .., t, . i ;10.• . -. C • .9 • - 1 , ' 1 ~. 4,4• V el;

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. 1;d. (56 pills) and 25. 9d. each, with full dil-ectious. Sold everywhere.

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE I othqUE 'Ant. NOW.

N.8.-A Special Line of Gramophones, 10:

Uponno

HOLBORN, 170NDON:E.0

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL :PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Grav,,i, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness aCross the Lojos, t.;andy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. ane Diseases of be Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many cornixaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamtreation of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government etamp. with the words, "MAIM DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order o' her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. f•-le ge. 9.1. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Propei.cort olford House. Hol'ord-mare, London. W.C.

G AN One of the "Sights of London."

The Grandest _- ~ MI - 4' i ' „ftk .f. bk - ..1% e Collection of Presents A,t iv 04.-. A ' in the World. ' ;.. I-. 17 aE r

. • . • . 1 • •

===== 0002601_19011220_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN!

Why suffer fro w pains and misery caused by nervousness Premature nshaustton, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my hook, wi.:th shows how every man, young and old, (An be thoroug4;y and quickly cured without STOMACH DaRBICIaIi or ELHOTRIOITY. Specinens of letters received, and cum.:Weed genui .•I tnnt/t find words to express "cot .040*. di ern. I riser, to think I never would geG curet. I wish I had seen yrir advertisement at first, I Shot.ld have saved many younde.—G.F.N." • I °Are earn-id out your Instructions, and am noW per fectly well.-4.F" Book eent sealed, post free, for two stamps. a. LEIGH, 92 ancl93, 13reat Russell Street. Lndon, W.O. Sendat once and be cured. 13 Years Continuous Swam!

===== 0002601_19011220_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU

TO SEND TO

X AS

Write to.day for a copy of the Illustrated Catalogue of

===== 0002601_19011220_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
cAmA

LONDON

FOXit YOTJR.

I\ 114' E N TS

7

===== 0002601_19011220_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL TRADING.

Another Ratepayers' Meet- ing in Parr Hall.

publicly accepted in that hall and later on it was accepted in writing, but as far as he (the speaker) was aware up to this moment the £lOO which Alderman Roberts offered to give to the Infirmary if the charges , could be proved, which Mr Pemberton said he could prove, bad not been deposited. He wanted to know what they called that. (A Voico " A coward.") A coward. (Applause.) He wished to say a few words with regard to the wood block controversy. Councillor Plumpton said at the last meeting of the Council that heithought it would be advisable to strike Naylor's off the list. Now the Corporation of Warrington classified the ratepayers in three ways—those who were on the list, those who were not on the list, and those who were off the list. (Laughter.) Those who were off the list —the Lord help them in Warrington. (Laughter.) Councillor Tinnion was reported to have said that be- cause Mr•Henshall had referred to this wood block business, he should certainly strike him off the list and he was followed by Alderman Heaton and Oil further by Councillor Plumpton. The No-Municipal Trading C?mpany—(Mr Norbury Williams : " comrnittae not company" and laughter)—had a list, the municipal

Mr. Norbury Williams and Limited Companies. Mr. Pemberton and Alderman Roberts. Poetry and Parable. Monday evening witnessed the holding of the fourth public meeting which has been promoted in support of the agitation against Mutlicipal Trading by members of the Corporation, either direct or through the means of limited com- panies. Parr Hall was again well filled though the attendance was not quite so large as at the previous meeting. Mr James Dodds occupied the chair and he was supported on the platform by Mr Norbury Williams, of Manchester, Mr EL Flem- ing (secretary ot the Non-Municipal Trading Com- mittee), Mr John Pemberton, Mr Septimus Kenyon, Mr William Dooley,Mr A Hulme, Mr S Gough and others. THE CHAIRMAN AND "A CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE." THE WJOD-BLOCK TENDERS. Mr. DODDS delivered hiS opening address as follows: —The members of your committee have invited you to meet them in order teat they may report to you the I progress which has been made since our last great and memorable gathering held between three and four weeks ago, and in order that they may confer with you, and receive your mandate in regard Le our further and future operations. Oa my own behalf, and on behalf of the committee, let me in the first place thank you for having milled around us once more on an incon- venient night and after an short an interval, in such large nunabere. There is no sign here of that" apathy if not revulsion," which, according to, shall I say, an inspired paragraph in Saturday's issue of a local paper professing Radical sentiments, "has come over many people since the last meeting ? " The wish is father to the thought. In any case lam mere than ever satis- fied, and I know that you, the property-owners and ratepayers of Warrington, are also more convinced than ever that the half has not yet been told in regard to the scandalous condition into which THE AIANA4EMENT OF THE MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS Of Warrington has been brought, and especially in regard to the trafficking innell directions and under various potexts with the Corporation by many members of the Council, all of it improper and immoral and injurious to the public well-being ; some of it in direct contravention offthe law, and the rest of it in direct con- travention of the spirit and the clear intention of the law. (Applause). At our last meeting you will remem- ber that we reported the result of the correspondence we had had with members of the Connell. You will also .remember that, including the ex-Mayor, eleven members reported themselves as favourable to a full public inquiry. From information we subsequently received we felt we had strong grounds for anticipating that an inquiry would be moved for at the Council meeting held on the 2nd of this month, and it was there- fore :decided that I should address the letter to the Mayor telling the Council through him that no inquiry would be satisfactory to the owners and ratepayers unless it covered all trading over the last five years. As you know tne prescribed notice of the resolution for an inquiry had not been given by a member of the Council so that nothing was done at the last meeting, and my letter was referred to the General Purposes Committee. That is where we stood to-day in respect to any action by the Town Council. As regards our own action in relation to the iequiry which each of our three great meetings bass:demanded with practical unanimity, we WOOD BLOCK CONTRACT are ready to proceed with it, but for very obvious Mr Pemberton said the Paving and Sewerage Committee reasons we say the application ought to emanate from made a great mistake whets they altered the conditions the Council. In view of the specific charges which had of the contract at the meeting when ethe matter was been made against six alderman and councillors, each decided upon. After altering the conditions they ought specially named at our last meeting, of illegal and to have given the other contractors an opportunity ef immoral treding with the Corporation, I say that the re-tenderieg. (Hear, hear.) With regard to striking COUNCIL IS BOUND TO TAKE ACTION IN THE MATTER. Messrs Naylor off the list, Councillor Plumpton hit the The members charged with illegal trading should be right nail on the head, when he said ha would be very called upon by their colleagues to at Once commence pleased if they got more contractors. The trouble with proceedings for libel and clear themselves, or to at once the Warrington Town Council was that there were not resign their , seats. If the Council does not take the as many people who wculd contract. Warriegton bore step I have indicated, then I say every member of it such a bad name that they had a difficulty to get cone thereby makes himself a party to the wrong doing, and tractors. The ratepayers contributed rates for the, ceases to merit the respect of honourable men, or the Workhouse hospital. See how Meier 3 Hamilton, of confidence of his townsmen. Mark, Ido not say there Altrineham, were treated there, although they were the are no good men and true on the Council, I know there lowest tenderers. Their tender was put on one side and are a few, but some of them hesitate to take the initia- another accepted, That was not the way to conduct tive. They shrink from prominence. Tbere are one or business and induce outside contractors to tender. (Ap- two others who are quite competent to lead; now is manse.) One of the standing orders of the Council (No. their opportunity, or never But, gentlemen, what of 3e) read that all material and labour which was the six members who have been named? Before they estimated to cost more than £2O should be advertised were narceit, two of them did speak—the ex-Mayor and for in two Warrington papers. 'That was very fair his brother. Each opened his mouth and each put his indeed, it only it was carried out. (Laughter.) He foot into it—(lviehter)—as you remember. " Once knew of cases where it was evaded in this vermeil a corn- bitten twice shy " Hence since the naming of the six, mittee spent say £5O, the person who got the order was not a everd at explanation or attempted disproof has asked to send the bill to two or three cemmittees. That come from any one of them. It is a conspiracy of was how that was got over. (Laughter.) It was, no ssilerace ; is it also an admission that they dare not face doubt, within their recollection what the music? I leave you to judge. It has been sug- A TERRIFIC ROW gested to me that I should make Some reference, from there was when the Paving and Sewerage the standpoint of a man of business, to Committee bought some setts once, although savieg the THE WOOD BLOCK CONTROVERSY town a lot of money. There was a terrific row in the between the Paving Committee and Mr it A Naylor's Council, they knew from whom (" Roberts," and representative, Mr L Henshall. You may have noticed laughter.) Mark what took place in regard to the else- that Councillor Tincion is said to have spoken for nearly trio recording tender. Electric recorders were wanted an hour on the subject at the last Ceuncil meeting. for the Water Committee. The tender was never al- Councillor Tinnion must be a very clever man to have vertised hr and it was let to the Electric Light and talked so long, and yet to have said so little which was Power Company for £6ll 103. No single man on the to the point. It seems to me that at £9 10i Nayloes Town Council asked about that. It was all in the blocks, selected and free from defects, would have compact. (Laughter.) One gentleman, a Town Court- proved not only (as they were) the best blocks, but tbey moor. said that if any Town Counciller had illegally would have worked out at a lower net price than the supplied the Corporation why not goi in for the £5O actual cost (including the Council deputations and ex- pmalty P They (the Corporation) were too clever for pert's expenses) of the blocks actually supplied by the that. This clique in the Town Council were not ordin- Mate Company and Clare and Ridgway, 4,000 or 5,000 ary people. It bad taken years to build up this system, of which were rejected, ana it seems also probable that years and years. All the standing orders had been from .Naylor's £3 5s blocks quite as good a eelectioa altered and fitted in with it, and all the rules of depart- might have been made at that price plus only the in- ments had been altered. One had to spend months specter's charges at Warrington, and that a saving of before one could find out bow this thing was done. He say £1 a thousand blocks might have been made, saw an order for payment He saw Alderman Shaw CRITICISM OF COUNCILLOR TINNIUN. Green's name there for £lO. It was among others for It does also seem a ridiculous thing that a person like sums of £l2, £lO, £l5, £8 and £lO 103. He asked the Councillor Tinnicn, who as he has himself said, knows Borough Treasurer what they were for. He replied he wan ot entitled to say that by law. How were they little about paving blocks, should be travelling to Grimsby and Newcastle-on-Tyne for no " value going to brine their action ? Mr Pembert m proceeded received" whatever. In defending his outing, COUII- to refer to the sermon preached by Councillor F R enter Tinnion laboured the point that the Paving Corn- Roberts at Sankey Bridges lVeSleyan Chapel, and after mittee had before been supplied with inferior blocks, relating what he called " a painful ,incident," Mr Pemberton said " Ibis is the than that dares talk about owing to want of care'in their selection,and he said that one lot of blocks him lasted only three years, whereas charity." Councillor F R Roberts also said in the same another let had lasted 14 years,and had been turned for sermon that much of further use, But be forgot to tell you that the blccks THE FEELING AGAINST THE ROBERTS'S which did not last well were of spruce, whereas those Was due to the fact that they were strop," teetetalers.He. that gave satisfaction were of red deal, the same as (Mr Pemberton)was not a toetotaler,but he was moderato I those now under discussion. (Applause.) Another Re:eenevcd in every man havinghis opinion. (Hear, curious point is that whereas Councillor Tiemen asserts hear.) This man claimed that tie had suffered from his that urgency was the cause of the division of the order position. What did he do in actual practice ? There between Clare and Ridgway and the Slate Company e was a new theatre proposed in Warrington, and they I have it on the authority of as reliable a member there were to form a new company. (Laughter.) They bad ais in the Council Chamber that the division was:brought licence in connection with it, and Mr FR Roberts was about because of his determination that the Slate Corn- I solicitor to the company. He carried Out his themies pany should not have all the order. in practice. (Laughter.) People said they were always PATHOS. talking about Alderman Roberts. Well, he was the only May lin conclusion allude to an incident which man who said anything. If they said nothing in return occurred at our last great meeting ? After I got into he would say, " I told you I was right, for you have the hall, before the proceedings began, I was speaking said nothing in reply." Alderman Roberts said he had in Me corridor to Inspector Phillips when a poor working served his town for 16 years. It was purely a coinci- man, thinly clad, with his band holding his coat-collar deuce :that during those 16 years he had made his tightly round hie neck, came up to me, and, interrupt- wealth, By serving the town what a grand thing ing my Conversation with the Inspector, said with an p; was. They made themselves rich. (Lauehter). earnestness and an eagerness I shall never forget, " Mt. Referring to Alderman Roberts's statement that he "was Dodds, will you he sure to tell them that the poor folks not sorry to lay down the chain of office, because it was who pay theie rates in their rents also suffer from this his intention on every possible opportunity to disprove wrote", trading They think it only touches those that some of the allegations that were so freely indulged in," pay direct rates , make them see that it comes on them Mr Pemberton said Alderman Roberts had been let off too, and sometimes worse. I mean the rent is some- his chain. (Laughter.) Where was he ? (Laughter.) times put up more than the rates." Ah I there is Where was this lion ? This man who was going to something touching, Something of the tragic in all this, worry everybody. He was afraid of a good many To a poor labourer, whose frugal wife makes his IE3 01 people. There Was no doubt about it. He would 20s a week spin out to meat their average weekly main- threaten to send a lawyer's letter or enter an action for tenance without a penny ter luxuries, does not the libel. It was all rot. If he wanted to bring a libel raising of the rent by 1e or 61 a week come like a action, he (the speaker) was there. (Hear, hear, and sentence of death upon his family ? Just think ot it ! applause.) Mr Roberts went on to say in the same The brave hard toiling hard ;nitrating father, fighting a speech, " Perhaps Mr Dodds (who has so far protected sore unequal battle all his days ; his brave heroine of a himself from legal consequences by only dealing in wife. It may be that such heroism is being enacted generalities) will throw such cowardice to the winds within a hundred yards of where Snow stand at this and in justice to the town and in the cause of that moment, nobody publishing newspaper naragraps about municipal nunity which be professes to love so much, it, no vetine of pieces of plate. Is it too much to Ray perhaps. I say, he will now sine le out the men who that this improper municipal trading, arising from have only been welcomed by the axe-grinding aldermen greed of gain and from haste to be rich, mist bring in because they were servile enough to prostitute their its train, so surely as night follows day, an amount of votes and consciences." Some people thought that unnecessary and useless and extravagant matticilmi little men could not be braggarts. That was a great capital expenditure, together with such financial reek- mistake. They were very often the biggest braggarts. lessness as must inevitably, sooner or later, and sooner It was simply bounce, bunkum and boast. That was rather than later, land our town in temporary beak- all, and it was wonderful the way it was carried on in ranter, and force upon the ratepayers uncalled for but Warrington. It was simply marvellous. At the last unavoidable financial burdens, and drive our poor to meeting, be charged Alderman Roberts with immoral despair ? I have detained you too long, but let main a trading with the Town Council. Now let us see what last word bid you to stand to your work, and be net a- is in him. He (Mr Pemhertore) charged him with illegal fraid of innot in sorrow or contradiction to yield,but to trading with the Town Cmincil. (Applause.) This was push on towards the goal, which is that our Council a very serioas matter and every ratepayer in Warrington ought to give It hi; earnest attenticn. They ought to shall be cleared lef all trading whatsoever between do everything in their power to stop it. Councillors and Corporation, and that rooral rectitude exactness, probity, and honour shall henceforth be the sole standard of our public life, as nothing is more vital A NEW VERSION OF A PARABLE, to our social well-being and our national liberties. Mr ALFRED aI7LME seconded the resolution and sal Applause.) that before anything else was done, he tbought some ( R. FLENfING AND THOSE" OFF THE Met" reference should be made to an expression used by the Mr FLEMING said that some years ago he was in Mayor in the Cotinete The Mayor said he had received California at a Mill'uZ camp when he made a statement a letter from " a certain Mr Dodds." On that occasion which a miner bet him 20 dollars be mute net prove. ;Mr Dodds represented Dee people of Warrington more He (the speaker) Put a 20-dollar Piece on tbe counter truly than a great many of the members of the Council and expected the miner to do the same. He did not do itself, and it would be a cause of great disspointment an, and the bystanders called him a coward. Alderman to literally thousands of people in Warrington if it were Roberta had made a bet. His challenge had been felt that there was any animus on the part of the new accepted by Mr John Pemberton, (Applause.) It was Mayor, at the commencement of his term of office,

--- - Mr. FLE:WING proceeded t 3 read soma verseo of a rhyme he had composed, the first verse of which ran as follows : It very seldom happens a Town Council can be found (I've got a little list. I've got a little list) Composed of men, wha for their worth might well be underground; And who never would be missal, they never would be

_ . missed. There's a tew there who are reilly smart, there's not much they d,tn't know, Their schemes are all or Public good, not for themselves, Oh no The rest sit there like blocks of wood, too weak-kneed to resist. These puppets with their masters They never would be missed, no they never would be missed'

Mr FLE:IIII4,7G (proceeding) said he had been asked why since the meeting at the Co-operative Hall he had never touched upon the subject of finance. In explana- tion of that fact he might say that the committee con- sidered that the present was not the time to deal with the question: That they could improve the finances of Warrington, and that the rates were very high and very heavy, he thought there was no doubt. They had no- ticed, however, that the Police Station had a jagged end and they were frightened that if they effected a saving of 10d in the pound tho Corporation would pro- bably put anther piece on the building, and they would rather wait until tthey were sure the money of the ratepayers was going to be properly spent and looked alter before they attempted any question of financial reform. (Hear, hear). The Chairman had referred to the urgency of establishing ward com- mittees. He wished t) emphasize that fact by asking any ratepayers present who felt a desire Co help them in this matter to give their names to any members of the committee in order that ward committees might be established through-)ut the town in readiness for next November. It was just possible that the present councillors and aldermen might sit tight and they might not get thia Local Government Board inquiry, and that being so it would be necessary next November to turn them out. Therefore they wanted their ward committees. They wanted the co-trading committee on the one hand to throw the Liberal-Conservative compact into the other camp, fight against them and put their own men in. and then they would know there would be no more municipal trading. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19011220_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. PEMBERTON'S SPEECH. THE RESOLUTION.

Mr. JOHN PENBEHTON moved the following resolution: " Three large public meetings of ratepayers and pro- perty owners of the Borough of Warrington having passed a resolution that application should ha made to the Local Government Board for a public inquiry to be held to investigate all Corporation contracts during the last five years. and several Councillors having express!cl themselves in favour of a thorough investigation by public inquiry, this meeting respectfully requests the Corporation to make application to the Local Govern- ment Board to direct such an inquiry." In referriag to the

against the "No-trading Committee" and the large number of people In the town which the committee represented. They hoped it was not so, and they trusted that they would see in the affairs of the Council daring the next twelve months a much needed improve- ment. (Hear,hear.) He did not think they need resent that expression too much, for after all the Chairman of the meeting was a " certain" man. (Laughter.) He was "certain" of the justice of his cause, and he was " certain "that he had the people of Warrington behind him. (Hear, hear, and applause.) They had a little evidence that they were getting on,and he thought they could have some more of a different kind. There were worse places on the face of the dountry than Warrington, (Hear,hear.) At their last meeting Mr Norbury Williams read a cutting from a paper, put into his hands at the commencement of the meeting, which told them that at Darwen the auditor—who was what an auditor should be—had directly compelled a councillor to resign. They thought that was

A FINE OBJECT LESSON TO WARRINGTON,

but it seemed that there was a sequel to the story. That councillor had presented himself tor re-election and was returned by a large majority. (" Oh !') He thought they might, however, take heart in Warrington. They might have been apathetic in the past, but they were not green enough to do that sort of thing. (Applause.) When once they had got the " old man of the seas off their shoulders" they were going to show that when Mr Norbury Williams wanted a black spot to point out in the future he must pass them and look at Darwen. (Hoar, hear.) He was not sure also wh Aher they could not give points to Blackburn. There they had the ad- vantage in possessing a councillor who could move a sweeping resolution in such terms as the following : " That we do not allow any councillor or alderman or official of this Council to hold shares or have any monetary interest in any firm or company doing business or likely to do business with the Cor- poration, it being distinctly understood that this resolu- tion shall not apply to railways or telThone companies.' That resolution had been duly seconded, but, like the Warrington Council, the Blackburn Council were con- tent to rest on the letter of the law. So far the two towns were pretty equal, but when it came to the feel- ing shown then they must decide,he thought, that they had the healthier and stronger public opinion, and 8) they could, he thought, claim to be ahead of Blackburn. (Hear, hear.) That was why he said they were getting on. Whilst the work might, so far, have fallen upon the shoulders of the few and might in a sense, continue , to do so, there was just as much call for patience and perseverance upon the people of Warrington as in the I members of the "No Trading Committee." Whilst a few men might do a great deal,still they (the ratepayers) were the only force in Warrington who could do any- thing with improper trading, and it was with them that the offenders in the Council were now fighting. Mr Pembertoa had referred to the strange silence of many of the members of the Connell. They realized that resentment died down in time. It was the same as in some of the stages of the South African war in which long tiring marches and ceaseless searching for a mobile enemy wore out the troops. It was the policy of the offenders in the Council to tire the ratepayers— to tire them down, lie thought they were going to disappoint them. They told the rate- parrs plainly enough that they could not see for the life of them THE IMPROPRIETY OF THEIR WAY OF TRADING with the Corporation. But what on earth had that to do with it ? The ratepayers could 539 the impropriety, and the Corporation were the servants of the ratepayers in this matter. It was for them to rise to the moral level of the ratepayers and not to he low in semi-dark- ness. It was very hard to g.rt hold of shares in the limited companies doing business with their town council. (Laughter). These men on the Stock Ex- change would be called " bulls " tut he had heard that Stock Exchange hulls delight,cl in corners. They were preparing a corner for the Warrington bulls and he honed that they would give them a warm time. (Hear, hear and applause). In proceeding, Mr Hultne related the following

PARABLE

" A certain man passed through the streets of a great city, where were many poor, and halt and blind. But these were not deceiving, so he passed them by on the other side. Then there met him, certain men, who were striving to purify the city's life. They asked not of him, but of the largeness of his heart he bestowed upon them one penny. (Laughter). But one drew near him, who was deserving and the heart of the citizen wee touched, so that he called unto him certain others, like unto himself, and besought them for the deserving young man, so that their hearts also were touched. And they said to the deserving young man ' Go to, we are about to turn thee into a limited lia- bility company—(laughter)—for we are charitably minded towards thee.' And these whom the citizen had Called together, said to him, ' Behold now, con- sider. This is a great sacrifice thou art making, so we will make thee the secretary, for this is an honourable position and may bring in some little gain wherewith to recoup thee.' (Laughter). And it was so that being kindly and charitable, they made the young man into a limited;,liability company--.(langhter)—and be sought him to bring forth fruit for them in perhaps 30, perhaps 60, and perhaps 100 fold. (Laughter.) 5..) they traded with the Corporation, and coutinun wit'a us even to this day." (Applause). Proceeding, the speaker said they had heard of the new diplomacy, but what did they think of the new charity ? (Laughter and applause). There were many ocher companies and no doubt equally nice tales could be told about some of them. Laughter.) Was it not the time ty put an end to such a state of affairs as that ? Had they no reason to be in earnest ? He hoped they would give him the neceesary support, and if they did so be thought they could and must put an end to this state of affairs in Warrington and in the firmue-s of his belief, he secon- ded the resolution that had been read to them. (Applause).

TEE CHAIRNIAN AND TEIE MAYOR. The CHAIRMAN at this juncture said : As Mr Hulme has referred to a matter I shoul I not myself have raised I mean the Mayor's allusion to " a certain Mr Dodds." let me say that I never thought for one moment that Mr Charlton Parr bad the slightest idea that anything dis- paraging to your chairmgn could be or would be read into nis words. It is a trivial matter, but it has pleased a Warrington nervapaper which has always seemed to me to jack the power of judging where good taste begins and ends—it has pleased that paper to place the words in such a position as suggests that they were offensively used. I presume it is from the action of that paper or from similar action on the part of some other party that the Mayor has written me a letter which under all the circumstances I now ask the secre- tary to read, together with my reply and a further letter from the Mayor. The letters read by Mr FLEMING' showed that writing under date December 12th. 1901, Mr Charlton Parr, the Mayor, said :—" Dear Sir,—lt has been repre- sented to me that in noticing your letter at the last Council meeting, I said it emanated from ' a certain Mr Dodds' and that this expression might infer a suggestion of disparagement. I assure you such was far from my intention I merely wished to emphasize the fact that the writer was personally unknown to me,and if any distortion of my meaning has caused you any annoyance, I can only say I regret it, though I cannot feel that I am knowingly responsible for it. Yours faith- , fully (Signed) J CIIARLTO!.: PARR, Mayor."—To this Mr James Dodds replied : " Dear sir,—l have to acklow- ledge the receipt of your lotter of the 12_h inst and to say that I have never for one moment entertained the idea that the words you refer to were used by you in any offensive way, and this is what I have told many friends and ()there who have thought fit to remind Me of the incident. No doubt a wrong impression has got abroad in regard to your meaning, and if you would like me to explain the matter to the pubiic meet- ing to be held on Monday night next, I shalt be pleased to do so and in such a way as would, lam sure, meet with your entire anoroval. Your ( obedient servant. (Signed) JAMES D-A)133." Fi.plying to Mr Dodd's letter, the Mayor wrote :—" Dear Pir,—With reference to your letter of to-day, I am quite satisfied to , leave this trivial matter to your discrotion,l only wished to omen's a misinterpretation. Yours faithfully (Signed) J CHARLT3N PARR."

, - After the reading ot the Mayor's letters,the CI:TURMAN said: Altheugh a good deal has quite unnecessarily been made of this most trivial matter, I am not alto- gether sorry that it has been coticed, as it has brought home to us all how proud we ought to be of our new Mayor, who—although I have never had the pleasure of speaking to him—l believe to be in every respect a "fine old English gentleman, one of the olden time." May I ask you to give three cheers for the Mayor of Warring- ton. The cheers were given:with greatheartiness.

MR. WILLIAMS. AND WARRINGTON-.

The CHAIRMAN, cintinuing, said : I ow to ask Mr Norbury Williams to speak to you. (Applause.) He has said some very strony, things about Warrington,and certain parties Wed to make you think that what he has said was about the peovlo of Warrington. What he has said to the psople of Warrington is that he thinks our Council about as rotten as it (can be. ansl that he had never gone to any town where tho people showed such an intelligent interest in tbi question, where the people were so thoroughly intereateu or so enthusiastic with regard to having it at an end. I think it is only fair to tell you that Mr Norbury Williams has never said anything derogatory to the people of Warrington, but only of those men whom you know use it for their own ends and improper purposes. (Bear, hear.)

MR. NORBURY WILLIAMS' SPEECH, Ma. NOREURY IVlLtrtors addres!kd the meeting in support of the resolution. He said :I am glad that the Chairman has made the necessary explanation with reference to the matter of " wretched Warrington." I have beard a good deal about

_ THU WkIETCHED WARRINGTJN " both in the town and out of it, since I used the words at the first meeting. I am pleased that Mr Dodds has placed the right interpreta.tion on the words, because be was quite right when he said that the grasp t'ie men of Warrington had taken of the matter and tho determina- tion they have shown by their attendance, by their en- thusiasm and by the evident grasp they have of the subject—l say this shows that the tern of " wretched"

===== 0002601_19011220_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 20, 1901

was not applied to them, but as I intended it to do, to that body of 36 men who stand to-day pilloried, and who will remain so until they purge themselves, as one of the most contemptible Corporations in the kingdom. (Applause.) I have said that of them and will continue to say it of them—(applause)—until led, as I hope they will be, by Mr Charlton Parr—l am glad to bear these cheers for Mr Parr as he will want them all in a body like the War- rington Council—(laughter)—uatil led by Mr Crierßon Parr, as the chairman, these men, the whole 36 of them, turn their bick on the past and start afresh and earn for themselves a good name and the approbation 'of the men of Warrington. (Applause). Since I was last in Warrington and sp Ate on this question I have been amused to find in one of your newspapers, I have for- gotten which—(laughter)—a complaint, which almost amounts to a whine, that we were daring to hold another meeting so soon. (Laughter). Mr Hulme is quite right when he says that these particular people, the 36, the three dczen who assemble in yonder Town Hal seem to manage the ratepayers and our affairs as well, and he was quite right when he said that these gentlemen ev;dently relied upon our public spirit and enthusiasm dying down. 'They say" give these people rope and they will bang themselves." I want to say to you that it is perfectly tsue that in a single sentence at the last meeting I said that I did not think another big meeting would be necessary before next September. I want you to understand that we are going to hold meetings pretty regularly and continually until the wretched condition of affairs now prevailing in Warrington is put an end to. I hope the Corporation will not delude themselves in a fool's paradise by think- ing that by lying low and saying nothing that we shall die off, and become a mere memory, a mere chimera of the past. (Applause.) We intend to hold these meetings and to carry the reforms we are aiming at, and I hope that on the first March you intend to see that a man is elected elective auditor who will have two eyes in his head and who will declare plainly anything that is wrong that is going on. We' shall have our eyes open wide next October and give very short shrift to any of the nine men whose term comes to an end,and replace those who have done wrongly and put in their places men of our own. (Applause). rho Right Hon. James Bryce, not long ago, in a most glowing and magnificent oration in reference to municipal government, gave as tie key note of his address "Beware of small beginnings." Through his knowledge of affairs in the United States, and as the result of his experience in many countries of Europe and other continents, Mr Bryce has seen haw wrong doing and crooked doing on the parr of Corporations and public bodies seems always to seen, as mane other of these things start, from small beginnings. The present state of things began in Warrington many years ago, and your Corporation has got

JUST AIME' AS BAD AS A CORPORATION CAN GET. Although it has had its s nail beeinnings it has got to a state when the inert and women of Warrington ought to step in and say that the end is to be out to whae has been very well called " the intolerable vanity of elected persons," You have some of the !nest extraordinarily intolerably vain people in that Town Hall I have ever had to do with. (Laughter.) Allusion had been made to "a certain" Mr. Dodds. When I saw that I said, "I am glad, at any rate, there Is one man in Warrington who is certain ; for I have found very few who are." We want men in the Town Council to be in a similar way certain and then we shall be able, to rely upon them. Mr certain, has been asking me whether or not the towns of Darwen andl Blackburn may not be said to be even worse than War- rington. No, I don't think they are. I don't think the men of Darwen, peculiar as they are. or Blackburn, be- nighted as they are, would ever have stood in 1901 that their representatives in the Town Council should have cast them into A NETWORE, A WEB OF LIMITED COMPANIES, as you have them at Warrington. Don's go away with any Pharisaic feeling of purity with reference to these two towns, and think that you are holier than they are, because you are not, and I think you will have a big job before you have cleansed the town. It will take you all your time to see things right here. There was one sentence I employed when I last delivered a speech in Warrington—that you should clearly set you minds against this trading with limited companies. If you could convey that to the minds of your councillors and alderman as you desire you might easily attain the end in view, and if the Mayor and councillors could feel that you were determined, the nine men who come out for election on the 13t November next would feel it also, and as a consequence your victory would be practically safe. I should like the meeting to be very clear in this matter—that they will no longer tolerate this moot immoral system of trading through these devious paths with limited companies in which any of their coun- cillors are interested. Mr Pembe.rten in the course of his observations said that any of the gentlemen at the Town Hall could trade for 111 months, can commit illegal trading during that period, and that you cannot bring them to bock. I have endeavoured in previous addresses here to bring home to you the fact that THE MINITTE3 OF THE CORPORATION awl of the committees are open to your inspection if you are burgesses. Put down your shilling and demand to see not merely the minutes of your last Council , meetings but the minutes of every committee meeting ' held during the month, and by that means you could I have seen every order given out. I want that to be clear so that you need not go on for 111 months if an order ha a been given " A. 8.," because if it is given to- day you can see the register and record of it in the minutes the day after the meeting. Some of you should go from month to month conscientiously through all the minutes, for the law has given you this privilege,which none of you should forfeit and you could quickly put an end to trading with limited companies, If one of the committees bad to-day resolved to give an order to the Slate Company it need not go six months without being known:lt can be known within a month And it ought to be, and the whole of Warrington ought to protest in a month, and it must do so. That is my plan for War- rington. You must stand no nonsense when you get to the Town Hall. The law is clear. What is the name of your Town Clerk ? Mr Whittle ; Lyon Whittle. Well, even "lions " have to submit to the law, and if he or any other official having the custody of the hooks re- fuse; to allow you to see the main minutes, or the minutes of any committee, he can be summoned to a Court of summary jurisdiction and be fined ire a sum not exceediog LS. Now for the Zillah Shipping and Carry- ing Company, Limited. (Laughter.) I find from one of the papers that the exact words I employed in refer- ence to

Rlla I

THE ZILLAH SHIPPING. AND CARRYING CIMPANY, LI3ITED, were these :—" This company. carries a lot of the materials used by the Corporation of Warrington," but I find that Mr George Savage, the chairman of the corn- pany in a letter to the press. says that I said the company was carrying the settB for the Warrington Corporation—a thing f never did say. In matters of this sort we have to be very precise. What I said wag. that they were carrying a lot of materials used by the Corporation of Warrington, and that is absolutely true. It is extraordinary how thece men catch at straws, but the men of Warrington late tot going r, to be led on a side track by a more p lay en 'words This company of the Zillati,bas, I find amongst its share- holders Councillor Brough, Alderman Roberts, Alderman Shaw Green—(ironical whistling)—and amongst its director') Couneillor Brough, Alderman Roberts (more whist'ing). Although this Zillah Company is not carry- ing goods for the Corporation, it is carrying goods for the Corporation contractors. It has men of your Cor- poration on the Board as directors who have the earliest intimation of all that is going no, and have an unjust preference, shall I say, if they choose to exert it. Although what they are doing is perfectly legal, yet seeing that they are members of the Corporation they are not doing as they should by making every effort to get hold of the contractors to the Corporatiqn in order to do the carrying for them. I could give you particu- larri of this carrying which goes on by the steamers Zillah and Merlin, but I don't think it is necessary. Trio company carries setts and gravel mainly in connec- tion with the now tramways, and carriage of some of the tram lines from Workington, that is in Cumner- land—to Widnes—and so on. Every word I uttered about that company is absolutely true, and I stand by it except the small slip in reference to the chairman. I find that Mr Brough, who is a roost estimable gentle- man, is not its chairman. That matters little as he is on the directorate and knows who gets the contracts, and as director ha exerts his influence to Get the carry- ing for his company on behalf of whoever may be the contractor; I deprecate this,and your councillors should be absolutely clear of anything of that sort, and until they arc the Warrington Corporation will never be the Corporation it ought to be. But there is another cam- palsy. I have a great many on my sheet, twelve or thirteen limited companies. (Laughter and whistling). You seem to express surprise. I spoke just now !about starting on a small scale. All these wr)ng,-doings started with one company. They find no-ono knows about it, it does very well and brings a bit of profit. It goes on till you have a dozm companies working now, and it is an extraordinary condition of things in Warrington. There is

NOTHING LIKE IT IN THIS KINGDOM. I believe absolutely nothing in this kingdom, to com- pare with it. There is no municipal Corporation in the British Isles where members of the Council are inter- ested in at least twelve limited companies, floe doing trade with the Corporation. It is a scandal and a I disgrace and it must be put an end to whatever Roberta --Ethe sentence was not 'finished]. Now for John Buckley and Company, Umited. I don't know all the workings of the Corporation, and I don't know why the carting cannet be done by private firms. Amongst the shareholders are Alderman Joseph Shaw Green. and I see that he is the secret try too. It is a grand thing to have an alderman for a secretary—(laughter)—and in addition to that amongst the shareholders I find the name of Dflr Thomas Hall, who is Mr Alderman Monks' unc'e. There is nothing much in that, but it shows you that uncles and brothers-lc-law are all dragged in. I have an acceuns here of your Corporation taken for the last few months showing the trading done by Buckley and Company in carting from the 15th of last April to the IStb November—or seven months. I see that their carting account amounts to £745. (" Oh, oh ; " and more low. whistling.) Some inquiries are being made in referenceito Mr Roberts and this particular firm cf

===== 0002601_19011220_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Buckley and Company, Limited. I dare say you will bear the results ot the inquiries later on, but they are not complete. The Warrington and District Bill Posting and Advertising Company. (Laughter). It is a queer affair, this company, is it limited? Yes. Of course it is limited. I never say limited because you understand that all these companies are limited. Here is the question which has been handed to the Chairman—" Will the Chairman please explain why the bills announcing this meeting do not appear upon any hoardings other than those belonging to the Warrington and District Bill Posting Company ? " I will tell you, I have a printed document here showing THE CONDITIONS ON WHICH THE PARR HALL CAN .BE TAKEN.

It is official and is signed " J Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk," and it exhibits a condition of things I have never heard of before. Tnere are 18 paragraphs in the document showing the conditions, but one of the singu- lar things 13 that there is only one paragraph that is underlined. It is a queer thing. All the five lines are underlined,and this is the wording of it. It is a public hall, and, therefore, as it belongs to you no partiality should be shown for any one firm either in bill posting or anything else. The hall was presented to the borough by our excellent friend Mr Parr—(claeers)—to whom the people of Warrington are deeply grateful. These are the words on this official document :—" arrange- ments have heel made with the Warrington and Dis- trict Bill Posting and Advertising Company, Limited, of Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, for the posting on their stations at their usual rates of all bills, placards, notices, &c., issued or used in connection with all en- gagements in the hall, and any hirer or hirers advertis. ing by means of bills, placards, notic &c., in the borough and district must advertise with the above company s xclusively." (Cries of " Shame" and "rot.") Warrington and District Bill Posting and Advertising Company. Amongst the shareholders I find—(laughter) the name of Alderman Shaw Green—(renewed laughter) —Alderman Thomas Satton, and Mary Greening. I want to enter my protest against this. (Clear, hear.) It is One of the most extraordinary pieces of, sisal( I call it protection and unfair dealing that I have ever come across, and for ita own sake, for the sake of Mr Whittle and Mr Charlton Parr, and for everyone e!ae in War- rington who believes in fair play this thing ought to be erased at the next Council meeting. (Applause). I have said a good deal about

THE SLATE COMPANY. We don't need to go into details except to say that I hope you will be reminded at every meeting ;till this thing is put an end to that the ex-Mayorland his family hold at least 57 per cent, of the shares. Durinz, the last two years it has provided and supplied all the materials in which it deals for the following: contracts —Too High Level reservoir at Appleton £6,748. Ic has been the sub-oontractor.—l cannot tell how much the amount of the sut-contract, but it will amount to many thousands of pounds. Tills company,in which ;his par- ticular family holds so large a proportion of the shares, have been the sub-contractors for a police station £20,196, of t ,chnical schools (£13,649) ; elentric station, £21,552 ; watorworks, £24,400 ; new reservoir at Win- wick, £22,048 ; infectious diseases hospital (has to have its finger in everything),£9,6o6; new gas offices, £1,100; new boiler house, Winwick, £932 ; new manure store at Longfor I, £6OB. It has bad its fingers Hi all these pies during the last two years, and if you let the gentleman who stood in this corner (pointing to the door near to which Alderman Roberts stood at a previous meeting) rule you, fools that you will be, you will have his finger through this company in every other pie there is a chance of. You must make your choice as t whether it shall be put an end to. If yonder people in the Town Hall are sufficiently convinced that you mean what you say, andiare deter- ruined to have your meetings here continuously until this is put an end to for ever, I say they , will hoist the white flag completely, and you will hear no more of this sort of thing; but if you fall away, and let your enthu- siasm die down, you will only be weak creatures and deserve all you get. (Applause.) I now want to say a word to you about the proposed taking over by your Council of

THE DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF A SCHOOL HDARD. I don't want to be rnisunderstood, because education is the grandest thing in the :world, and if we are to hold our heads erect as traders an 1 as producers we must have the finest education that can be got. The money spent on education is the best spent money. I know I like water and gas works, but the money spent on edu- cation is magnificent and brings its return 100 fold. But I want to speak to you about the direful possibility of the duties of a School Board as at present constituted being put into the hands of your Town Council. May it never come to pass! (Hear, hear.) I have not been able to understand how this thing stands, but I will put the matter before you as plainly as I am able. I am told that your Council is going in for a Bill in Parlia- ment. A Bill cannot be promoted in Parliament with- out the assent of the burgesses of the borough being obtained. The men in the Council, who do not seem to have consulted you as far as I know in any mortal thing for many years past, have to call a town's meet- ing before they can have permission to promote that Bill. I have been given to understand that they are ' intending to promote a Bill, but I have not been able to verify whether a town's meeting has been held. (Cries of " No.") Small placards on church doors are issusd all over the kingdom, and if there is a notice convening .1 a town's meeting everyone of you go to it. lam not sure whether it will be held in the day time or in the evening,,but you ought to voteagainst giving permission to this Corporation to go on with this Bill. (Hear, bear.) Some indication has been given by the previous speakers as to the nataral anxiety of the various money- making people to have this thing committed to them. There will be a lot of schools to be built and decorated. There is a new cornppny sprung up since I was here before. (Laughter.) We whitewash our house now by limited companies. (Laughter). Tne resolution was put, and carried without dissent.

Mr 8 KENYON proposed s vote of thanks to Mr Nor- bury Williams " for the great service he has rendered to Warrington," The motion was carried with cheers and the meeting concluded.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor Plumoton Corrects Mr. E. L. Fleming.

Sir,—! understand that at thn meeting in Parr Hall on Monday evening, Mr E. L. Fleming charged mc with having stated at the last meeting of the Town Council in regard to the wood-blocks contract " that it would_ be advisable to strike Nayloc's off the list." This is just the contrary to what I actually did say, as joir report of tha Council proceedings shows. lam correctly reported In the " Examiner "al follows :

Hews sorry that for a great- portion of the contracts there were too few tenderers. He hopr,d Messrs Naylor would not be struck off the list. He hoped they would tender aeain and keep to the specification. (Hear, hear.)" 'l:tanking you for the insertion of this correction,—! , yours Szc.

GEO. PLUMPTONT.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR BENNETT ON

"IDEALS."

The Criticism of the Corporation.

At the meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. SoCiety on Sun- day afternoon, the chair was taken by Mr William Beswick, who spoke upon " Labour and Progress." He advised the youog moo of to-jay to make the most ot their opportunities so that they might be fully equipped for the keen commercial struggle for exist- ence.—The speaker was Councillor Arthur Bennett. He was very freqeently accused, he said, of being an Waist, and he was very proud of that designation. He wished to speak that afternoon on the ideal man and the ideal town. In order to attain ideal manhood he pointed out that it was necessary to strive after physical and intellectual greatness, and to mould our lives according to the pattern of Christ. Physical exercise was necessary to develop the body, but he was inclined to think that the present craze for athletics was not a sensible one. He was an enthus:- astic footballer himself at one time, and he considered football one of the finest games, but he objected to the absolute worship of football. If the thousands who watched the football matches would engage in some healthy exercise themselves they would be doing some- thing towards helping the race to attain to physical perfection. Not only was it necessary for them to develop their muscles, but they must CSD develop their minds. Whereas they would get five thousand at a football match they woull hardly get five dozen at a lecture. They ought to take as much iuterest in intellectual pur- suits as in athletics, and it was only when these two were running together in perfect harmony that they would become the ideal men he would like to see. They might be as strong as Hercules and as wise as Solomon, but unless they tried to build their lives and characters according to that of Christ they fell short of the true ideal they ought to aim at. It was difficult of attainment but it was better to have tried and failed to reach these high ideals thee never to have tried at all. Dealing with the second part of his subject—the ideal town—Councillor Bennett remarked that Shelley once wrote "Hell is a city much like London." He (Councillor Bennett) was afraid Mr Norbury Williams would be inclined to apply that ex- pression to Warrington and he was certain, in the pre- sent state of the public mind, many would be inclined I to cheer. Warrington was not quite so bad as that. Whatever Warrington might be or whatever the War- rington Towa Council might be, the fault was in the people themselves. The Town Council was the peoples creation- The town was what they made it I and if there were faults let them take steps ,to remedy them. He would ask them not to believe at the slanders which had beea bandied about lately respecting:the Corporation. Do not believe,he continued that every man connected :with it a rogue and a thief but look into your own hearts and see whether your lives are straight and upright and whether they will bear the light of investigation. They must begin at home. It was hopeless to reform a town or the world unless they began with the

individual. One of the great doctrines of Christianity was "Charity thinketh no evil "and that was a lesson which needed to be learnt at the present time. Although Warrington was not what Shelley thought of London,in spite of what had been said about it, Warrington WAS very far short of what it ought to be and of the ideal town he would like to see. His ideal was a healthy, beautiful, wholesome town where the people could de- velop their lives on the lines he had alluded to. He , deprecated the cry of low rates when so much was ne,eded to improve the town. Councillor Bennet pro- ceeded'to refer to the id.nal town mentioned in a book entitled " The Garden City " and stated that something of the kind bad been carried out on a small scale at Port Sunlight and Bourneville. lie urged that they in Warrington might do more to make the town beautiful and wholesome. In conclusion he said they might have a city as beautiful as could be imagined but unless the citizens were upright, straightforward, physically strong and sound it was a farce. Let them remember that they were not working for the moment but for eternity.

A solo was well sung by Mr Walter Clay, and the service shortly afterwards concluded.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION.

THE MST SUCCESSFUL REMEDY IN ENGLAND IS VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

I: IS VASTLY SUPERIOR TO PILLS OF ANY BIND, It is now conceded that the proper way to take medicine is in liquid form, because it cannot become properly assimilated or carried to the; diseased parts in any other way. The foolish and indiscriminate use of , pills especially in cases of constipation, are fraught with many evil results. They only purge the bowels they happen to dissolve in,and their drastic and irritat- ing action gradually weakens the bowels to such an ex- tent that perastalsis is partially destroyed,and in a very short time the:patient finds ho is more constipated than ever. Pills in any form have always an irritating effect, not only upon the bowels but upon the stomach, where a liquid medicine :such as VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC always produces the very best results. It is a medicine that can be given to children or the weakest person. The fact that it is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves is strong evidence in its favour. fe is pre-, pared to act specifically upon the stomach, liver, kid- neys, and blood, thus curing all ailmeats arising from a diseased condition of these organs. It is the natura cure for constipation. Try it at once and see for yourself. It clears the system of all impurities, steadies the action of the heart strengthens the nerves, dispels wind from the stomach. arouses a sluggish liver, invigorates the entire system and strengthens the back and kidneys. It is a god- sand to weak and suffering people and to ladies suffer- ing from female weakness. Price is. id. and 23. d, per bottle. CAUTION.—See that tha name " Veno " is blown in each bottle, as un-principled dealers may try to sell you a mixture of their own. Sold by Boots, Ltd, Warring- ton ; Peake,Earlestowia and Newton ; Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Wallbridge,chemist,J W Jackson,chemist and druggist, St Helens; and all chemists and medicine vendors everywhere.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this authority was held on Tuesday ot Dutton Workhouse. Present—Messrs J Stokes (in the chair), J Douglas, S Taylor, T Wood, Dr Gastaldi, the members of the Rural Council,with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk), W E Haugh (assistant clerk), and J CUnnah (master)

===== 0002601_19011220_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY PRECEPT.

The Clerk to the County Council, Mr Reginald Potts, forwarded a precept on the Runcorn Union for their contribution towards the generalcounty rate and the rate for the general expend iture of the County Constabulary amounting to £3,049 18. This sum was equal to a county rate', of 2/d in the L, and a rate of Id for the general constabulary force. The statement was approved. -.A NEW 111ILER TOR THE HOUPE. _

The House Committee recommended th'ai..a new boiler for the male casual ward be purchased at a cost of £33 from Messrs Lea and Sons, Runcorn. Passed en the proposition of Mr Spruce. - _ _ WAYS AND MEANS.

Mr Woodward reported that the cost of outdoor re- lief was as follows :—Runcorn, £BO ; Frodsham, £22 ; Budworth, £27„ The balance brough forward from last meeting amounted to £1,748 18s id ; receipts £560 ; cheques drawn that day, £l6B 1471 3d ; balance in hands of treasurer, £2,138 3s 10d.

„ The report was adopted on the motion of Mr Wood- ward.

" A MERRY CHRISTMAS." , The business was concluded with the chairman wish- ing the mem hers a very " Merry Christmas." da.

BOARD SCHOOL ANNUAL CONCERT.

There were large and appreciative audiences at the Drill Hall,on Runcorn,Moradayand Wednesday, the occa- sions being the usual annual,winter :concerts in connec- tion with the scholars of the Board School. The concerts are greatly looked forward toby the inhabitants and this year substantial progress has been made under the head mastership of Mr J F Moulton. The inspector's report is of a most gratifying nature, " both discipline and instruction are very good," and testifies to the solid work being carried on. The following items connected with the Board School will be read with interest, and ' will, to a certain extent, account for the large amount of interest taken in the work of the boys. The number of boys on the rolls is 485 ; total attendanee year end- i rig 30th June,l9ol, 189,135 ; average daily attendance, 449 ; 'percentage attendance, 94 per cent ; Ceuraty Council Scholarship winners, 2; town 'scholarships 5 ; teachers, senior .department, Messrs J C Cragg, J Brown, A E Parr, W Vernon ; junior department, Mr F Deady and Misses E Stormount, E H Hough, L Wood, L Horsefield and J Burton. The hall had been very prettily decorated with scenery lent by Mr Caddick and the platform presented quite a novel appearance. The first portion of the programme was taken up with a burlesque operetta entitled " Cram ; pr the local Exam." This sketch was, on the whole, a very enter- taining one. It is to be feared hoWever,that a consider- able portion of the audience did not appreciate its nice- ties as well as it might have done had the listeners pro- vided themselves with copies of the words. It was only by following the sketch very narrowly in this manner that the merits of the composition could be fully understood. The sketch was a difficult and intricate one, but to the credit of those who took the various parts be it said that they acted their portions right nobly. Master J Wood took the part of the dominie with considerable success and imparting the necessary dignity to the character de- serves special mention for his admirable singing. Other characters were :—Jinks, E Lunt; Smithson, a model boy, H Goodier ; Fitz Jones, an idle boy, A Blinston: Brown and Green, confederates, E Scrag, E Barker ; ghost of ginger-beer, D Ferguson ; ghost of latin gram- mar, K Branch ; ghost of algebra, W Wiehlade. The peg on which the operetta hung was the relish of boys for study. The music and the words lent themselves to juvenile treatment the solos being very prettily Yen- dersd by everyone of the performers. A burst of applause followed the fall of the curtain. Perhaps the finest performance of the evening WAS the selection from "Julius Cesar " illustrating the quarrel between Brutus and Cassias. The characters were sustained by Misters R Booth and D Garvie The enunciation 'was most distinct and the dramatic. instinct shone very brightly in both performers. Mas- ters R Moulton. T Steele and H Roberts personified " Doctors Three " and;elicited quite an ovation from the au iience for their efforts.—Master Cox was deservedly encored for a capital rendering of "Buttons." The little fellow gave a spirited interpretation of the piece most creditably. "The Union Jack," a scenic sketch, acted by 2h junior boys contributed to some of the most en- joyable moments of the evening and pleased every one. Miss L Wood interpreted with fine effect the touching song " The old rustic bridge by the mill." The second portion of true programme was taken up with set ections by a juvenile troupe of " Christy Minstrels." The troupe had been most carefully trained and the melody and the time were all but 'perfect. The jokes, too, were quite up to date in quality,the repartee between bones and the interlocutor being bright and witty. The choruses, solos and stump speeches were also given with verve and expression. The following items were given : "In Ohio," " Now the task is plain before us," the troupe ; " Aunt Dinah's Umbrella," W Tuckey ; "Sweet Genevieve," J Wood : " The darkest looking darkey," E Barker ; Many years ago," W Wisladale ; " The laughing farmer," F Robinson ; " The little muff," F Hughes ; " Coon drum Major, H Geodier " Sleepy Jacob," E Lunt ; " Only a common onion," K Branch ; " Jog along Josie," " Stump speech," J Higgins. The tamboe, were Masters G Higgins, F Robinaon, D Garvie, and J ood; bones, Masters H Hensball, H Goodier, E Lunt, and %V Tuckey ; interlocutor, Master Reginald Booth, accompanist, Mr W Vernon. The per formers were prepared by Messrs W Vernon, A E Parr, J Brown, Misses L Wood, E El Hough, L Horsefield and J Barton. The general arrangements were admirably carried out by Mr J F Moulton, head master, and Miss Stormount,Messre. F Dandy and J C Cragg. Mr Byfield also rendered invaluable assistance. On the proposition of Messrs W Handley arid J Lititler a vote of thanks was passed to Mr Caddick, for lend ng the scenere ; Mr A Abel, for loan of tent ; Mr Miles, for cutting costumes ; and Mr F Hatton, for getting the performers prepared.

The GLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY. Situate in the finest Whisky- producing District of Scotland, is the property of W. & A. Gilbey. This Whisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in h'i Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W. & A, failbey's agents in_every:town at 35.6 d. peribottle,

===== 0002601_19011220_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
f..tttirss to the Ebitor.'

Improvement Wanted at Higher

===== 0002601_19011220_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn;

Sir,—Does it ever strike our worthy Councillors or their officials that a widening of the bridge crossing the railway at the top of Picow-street is an absolute necess- ity. Here we have one of the most thickly populated districts in the town, and no cart way or road for vehicles from Greenway-road to the bottom of the Holloway, a distance of half a mile. And another thing I wish to point out. At the entrances to ths Picow- street Bridge a number of posts are placed, presumably to obstruct the passage of the humble wheelbarrow, but in reality a fruitful source of accidents and danger. The other evening, whilst proceeding up Picow-street with a lady, my companion, not noticing the posts owing to the darkness, collided with one of the stumps, which inflicted a nasty blow on the left side, knocking the lady quite sick for a few minutes. If the Higher Runcorn Brigade and Company had to cross this gloomy abyss we should have the stumps removed and an incandescent light placed at each end without delay.—Yours truly

-NOBBY FLUKE.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

-.=•11.1•i11111

===== 0002601_19011220_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST TELEGRAMS The Boers and Surrender.

Delarey's Attitude.

The special correspondent of the " Daily News,' telegraphing from Heidelberg, Transvaal. on Mon- day, says :

The feeling prevails here that the war will he over within two months. It is rumoured to-dey that Delarey wishes to surrender. A number of Boer prisoners who have beec brought into Standerton say that hostilities wia cease on December :22nd. This would appear to indicate that yesterday's mee tings wsre subject to adjournment for one week for the final decision.

PIG-SLAUGHTERING ON UNLICENSED PREMISES AT RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Summonses Quashed.

At the Rencorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Sir R. Brooke and other magistrates, Ann Cowap, Dased Pilgrim, George Hughes' rod Mary Price were sum- moned at the instance of the Urban District Council for having unlawfully slaughtered pigs in unlicensed pre- mises.—Mr Lake appeared for the Council and the &fen dants were represented by Mr Knowles.—Mr Lake, after quoting sections of the various acts under which. they proceeded, called Mr James Percival, Nuisance Inspector, who ttated with respect to the fret defendant, Ann Cowap, that he bad served her personally with a written notice to the effect that she would be proceeded against if she did not cease 1 slaughtering pigs on her premises. Witness went to the defendant's house on the 4th host and saw certain pigs dressed for food. He was informed that they were being sold to the Co-operative Stores.—Cross-examined by Mr Knowles.—He could not produce any paper or hand bill which advertised that the killing ef pigs on private premises had not to be carried on.—Mr Knowles then submitted that there was no case. The Council ought to have put in as evidence; a newspaper and a handbill telling the defendant to cease killing pigs.—The I Act expressly stated that this was necessary and as this had not been done there was nothing for their worships to do but dismiss the summons. The magistrates, without retiring,said they ;saw the force of the objection and the case was dismissed.—Mr Lake said be would therefore withdraw the other cases.—An appeal for advocate's fees from Mr Knowles was refused.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Frocisham Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY—Before Messrs A Thomas and J Murray. ILLEGAL REMOVAL OF SwElE.—James Percival, Frocisham Lordship. was charged with moving a pig without a declaration to Relsby on the 3rd inst.—P.C. Bancroft states that the defendant Came to his houae on the date mentioned and asked for a declaration to move a pig. Witness noticed that he had a pig in his cart and told him he had already committed an offence,—Defeadant who pleaded that he did not know that he had done wrong in removing the Pig. was fined 2s 6d and costs. REFUSING TO Qtrrr.—For refusing to spas toe lizenaed premises of Mr Youd, " Bear's Paw," Robert Garner was tined 7s 6d and 8s 6d costs. P. C. Proctor proved the cage. WANDERING ASSES.—Sarah P arker House, Mersey View. Frodeham,was charged with allowing four donkeys to stray on the highway on the 6th December.—P.C. Friar proved the offence and said defendant had been repeatedly warned. Fined the costs 8s 6d.

===== 0002601_19011220_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
- ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

131YDOCK V EARLESTOwN. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. The first riveting of these loonl rivals took place at Hay- dock on Saturday under the auspices of the Lancashire League. Earlestown won the toss, and Owen started on behalf of Haydock, a strong wind blowing across the ground. The game was well contested, and ended in a pointless draw. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V WITTON ALBION. THE COMBINATION, Witton Albion, the crack Cheshire Club, visited Newton - le-Willows on Saturday to play off the initial engagement in the Combination tournament, The Albion were strongly represented. but Newton had several absentees. Newton had extremely hard lines in not scoring, but the intervol arrived with a clean sheet. Final :—Witton Albiou, one goal ; Newton-le-Willaws. nil. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. BEST BOOTS ronEILL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.--Ad TABLE, FLOOR, and HANGING LAMPS of every iescription.—J S GABLAND,lronmongeroßridge St. Advt, W. T. Witxrams.—SPECIALIST In MILLINERY DRESSES and MANTLES.-74, SiliKEr-STREET, and 1, , LEGH•STREET. WerringtOn.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PaIVATE

D:ENTISTRY. TEETH. ADDoiatments unneoessaryant may be arranged. PI'EETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informed beforehand the coat work required, TEETH. Gold ad other fillings at moderate charzes. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P..nlese Extraction as hitherto by Lts el& of Nitrous Oxide. "TETE, Maker to Dentists of 10.00elgal1efla weekly.

Exors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.lp. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m,

WARRINGTON -...3A, SANREY-STREEI

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

itrivrOßN, 31, BRIDGE-STF:EE7 TUURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH— —lB, APPLEMARKET-STREE:.' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b,

DEATHS.

ELLEN DAVIS a Havdock-etree, an old and respected Inhabitant of Dallastown, passed away to her rest December

_ F RIARS' GREEN, Warrington Opt -mite Arpley &nation, Also at MANCHESTEE-ROAD, Cate Essenbigh's.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, 31ARBLE MASONS, &Csi . Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Munuinsu!.s. Toruts Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING ExisTurci MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joni' WALLisn A Co. at The Examiner General Printing Viforks,l Bewsey- street, and published, by them at the same place itc,4 also at The Examiner Office Victoria-road,Wiurrga 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS and 3,1 fdariret-strect HABLESTOWN,' In the County of Lancaster andalso at Iligb it. Buff Coßri,in the Countyof_Chester. Dee. 1901

'Bor

COUI T 1 CLOTH] of Unifce nifty be (

War T"

TN DI and FL/

s;rit-E4 Plans,

Cat-ion t

ton, the and for 'which v

ho-p—rov net lat 1902. The C or any

r 1.

FOI 73EW G.

N

tort CAS] Mom eleve will 1 Th Huni lorm prrsc Mac( the (

of -d 30th io.tt T 1

Rau at el App, Mae, fistl the

Adj.( Riau Hou IVEI !Ka

C

011 PT .--

I t

===== 0002601_19011220_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET AV ES CEYAN CHURCH \ WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 22ND. At 10.30—Rev. W. C. 7 NEVILLE. At 6.3o—Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. hymn pooks provided.

A SPECIAL T AIN will leave Warrington (Rink Quay) after the concert for FRODS rIA and HELSBY, calling at intermediate stations. There will be a connection by this train from Frodsham to Runcorn. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SECOND SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL, ON MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 23RD, 1971. HANDEL'S GRAND ORATORIO "THE MESSIAH" ARTISTES : SOPRANO... MISS AGNES NICHOLLS, CONTRALTO MISS ADA CROSSLEY. TENOR MR. CHARLES SAUNDERS. BASS .... MR. BANTOCK PIERPOINT. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDI7:TOR : ME. FRANK 11. CROSSLEY. ORGANIST : MR. W. H. PAYTON, MATS. BAC. LEADER OF ORCHESTRA —Mn.: R. H. PEARSON Doors (Ten 7-0 pm. Concert 7-30 p.m. Carriages 10-15 P.m. Ticket-liolder.i admitted by early doar at 6-45 pin. PLAN AND TICKETS at Messrs R.H.PEARSON'S. Ltd., Hold-street. EXTRA RESERVED SEATS at Is. each have been added to the plan and a few of these are still to be bad.

COUNTY BOROUGII OF WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS HOT-POT. HOT-POT and MINCE PIES will be distributed to the deserving Poor on CHRISTMAS DAY. The food will be served out in the DRILL HALL, from Eleven to Twelve, o'clock, to persons sending a suitable utensil for the same, Application for tickets to be made to any of the Clergy ; or to Mr. Taylor (the Police Court Missionary), of 9, Thynne- street. J. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor.

FANCY DROSS BALL TO BE GIVEN BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS. yriz. J. PARKINSON DESIRES TO INTIMATE THAT HE HAS MADE SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE. PHOTOGRAPHING OF CHILDREN IN FANCY COSTUMES, AND SHOULD BE GLAD TO RECEIVE APPOINTMENTS AT AN EARLY DATE. IMPORTANT, on December 3AII, 3ls. 1901.-January 2nd, 1902, the Studio will be open until 10 p.m: SPiiCIAL POPULAR PRICES. J. PARKINSON, PHOTOGRAPHER. DAY AND ELECTRIC LIGHT STUDIOS. EGYPT STREET OHL MBERS, WARRINGTON.

BRING YOUR FEET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them inside pair of ARTHUR EVANS' 6s. 6D., Es. 60.. or TWELVE 808 BOOTS. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

_ COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will ;be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County,on Motsnav, the 30th day of December, 1901, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury be empannelled. The hearing of all appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broaton, Eddisbury,Nantwica, and Wirral, f orming the Chester District, and the trials of all Prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will take Place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 30th day of December, 1901, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Arljourned to the Court House, Houtsford. on WEDNESDAY,the Ist day of January,l9o2, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The baring of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds ot Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions The Grand and Petty Jury for the Hautsford Distriet most be an atArndance at the Court House, linutstord, at the epcning of the Court ')LI WEDNESDAY, the let day of January, 1902, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester, Chester, 9th December, 1901.

H. GARNER. 8 ARBURY-ST REEL Of Kent-street. Latchford, Warrington. :RAVING, TILING, AND DRAINING CONTRACTOR. ASPHALTING WALKS. &C. WORK EXECUTED ON SATISFACTORY AND REASONABLE TERMS.

FOR FIRST-OLAS REPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO W. EVANS, WORKS :-BRAMONT-STRERT, NEill THE INFIRMARY (13 YEAR 9 WITH GARNETTS). OHA.RGES VERY REASONABLE. CHANGE OF ADDRESS. C. H. MILLS (sor or "CHOPSTICKS") THE WELL•KNOWN WARRINGTON HERBALIST HAS REMOVED TO 15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISH MARKET) ViTARRINuTON.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-STREET, W ARRINGTON. 'THE OLD ESTABLISHED PROVIDERS FOR " SANTA CLAUS " CORDIALLY INVITE THE PUBLIC To COME AND INSPECT THEIR GRAND DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. FOR OLD AND YOUNG. TOYS IN ENDLESS VARIETY. DOLLS ALL AGES SIZES. AND PRIDES. • SLEEPING DOLLS. TA.LKING DOLLS, DOLLS DRESSED AND UNDRESSED. AT PRICES To SUIT EVERYBODY. IRONMONGERY DEPARTMENT SPLENDID STOCK OF CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C. CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTRO PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

kJERISTMAS AND NE W ArEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. • CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S P RESENTS, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T. CLARKF„ " EXAMINE R " OFFICE. 33 MARKIN. STREET. BARLBSTOWN ESTABLISHED OVER 35 YEARS, FOR CHOICE bBLBCTIONS OF CIHRISTM AS AND 151RW YEAR CARDS AND CHRISTMAS PRICSENTS IN (MEAT VARIETY GO TO THE ABOVE ADDRESS AGENT EOR THE GLACIER WINDOW DECORATION

• T. ALLEN AND SONS, (01, WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, BUG TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN QUEEN STREET. EARLESTOWS. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING , C. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. /Lamm you ",NVELSBACEI " INCAZ:DESCENT LIGHTS. ' ESTIMATES FLEE.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED LINDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. :ESTIBIATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIuARETTBS, 01s tIFF3. EWES. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRIM, AISreHESTER listabllshed 68 Years

, TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than ha:f the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clare ARTIFICIAL TEETH .1 -- Sets, 2os. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Hcusehold Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and finality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 401. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural. lasting, and life-like. Uhousands of Original Testimenialr— MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLAeSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT 1,1489 TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY,. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF TOY BASSINETTES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER. BEAtIONT ST. (near Infirmary,, WARRINGTON.

MORTON & SAMPSON (W. MORTON & WALTER T. SAMPSON) ARE REMOVING FROM 2. KNUTSFORD-ROAD, TO TRINITY-BUILDINGS, CORPORATION-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF !ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL WORK.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS' AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL • To HIS ROYAL MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF APPOINTMENT MEG , AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE rRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, e- YA, H )tORSE M ARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON. GEO. WRIGHT & SON, LTD., Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom, being established in MANCHESTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39A, HORSE M ARK ET STREET. Goods left with our Agent, Arthur Davidson, 61. Bridge Street. (late Lowe and Lalthwalte) will receive prompt attention and be charged the same prices ae at our Branch.

r HE MERRIONS (WILL, HARRY AND FRED). THE MERRIEST, OF ALL ENTERTAINERS. Songs, Musical Show. Trios, Comic Conjuring. Farees,Living Pictures.—Terms MERRIONS, Manchester, S.W.

(ZERGE JACKETS SERGE JACKECTS ! L) Every workman should have out of HAGUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYIIOX-STBEET, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's FAT- I'm:DM for our Celebrated 10s, M. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY Sc FRIDAY PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

T HE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term or years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offies, Warrington.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Isrn BITTER ALES LLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASH or BOTTLES trona B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Mannfactir,er of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sorew-stopp.red Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

IMPORTANT. Dit CLARKE'S TANGERINE EMULSION SPEEDILY RELIEVES COUGH, BRONCHITIS, WHOOPING COUGH, IRRITATION, ETC. As Tangerine Emulsion contains neither Opiates nor Narcotics, it can be taken by persons of all ages without loss of Appetite. Constipation, or other evil effects. is. Id. per bottle, from JOHN WILLIAMS AND SON, LTD., Stores, and Medicine Vendors, etc. See Testimor ials. POST FREE is. 4d. SCHAUB AND CO., 17, BRAZIGNNOSE-STREET, MANCHESTER.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSVRED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS ARA3TED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO,, 64, cnnNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS I Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. ElGHEY.Nessclitte, Victoria-rd.,Latchtord St. Helena Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfleld House

-- HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal 14 OOPING COUGH medicine. OOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 49: per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents : W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London.

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES ! ! CARTRIDGES ! ! SAM N • GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISTITE CARTRID.GES. LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURA'AE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. CI EE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH B ALLISTIT CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT Gus CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAM N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. (FOR UPWARDS op 18 YEARS WITH MELTON'S, LTD.

GEDDES DAN DELION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Pubits. Sold by all erasers and Druggists, In Oxalates 6d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES An SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHBD 1833.

XMAS PRESENTS. JEWELLERY t JEWELLERY! ! CHAS. WOLF'S GREAT JEWELLERY DISPLAY. .SITITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS AND WEDDING RINGS A SPECIALITY. AU goods ticketed in plain figures at prices which will guarantee good custom. Please view windows. C CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER, SILVERSMITH, A2(11 DIAMOND MERCHANT. 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SPECIAL SHOWROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS. SPLENDID VARIETY OF CHOICE DESIGNS. ARTHUR, DAVIDSON, (LATE LOWE AND LAITHWAITE) 61, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

EUSTANCE & Co., HAVE THE FINEST DISPLAY OF SILVER NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR - XMAS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS EVER OFFERED IN WARRINGTON. IT COMPRISES SILVER TOILET REQUISITES OF ALL KINDS, AND A SPLENDID RANGE OF - ARTISTIC NOVELTIES FGe itimmas AND PRIZIES SUITABLE FOR ALL T(i 91;th OC COMPETITIONS, WHIST DRIVES, Ac. E. & Co., respectfully invite iutencling purchasers to inspect their display irrsspec:ive c; rizchase and guarantee the prices to be fixed on the very lowest competitive scale. EVERY ARTICLE IS NEW AND UP-TO-DATE TELEPHONE 0459. 41 &, 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HENRY MILLING AND COMPANY, LIMITED, ARE NOW , OFFERING A SPLENDID SELECTION. OF • GROCER TES, PROVISIONS, AND .CHRISTMAS SPECIALITIES, OF THE FINEST QUALITY AT LOWEST PRICES. 5, HORSEMARKErf ST., AND CORPORATION ST., WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EVVELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS GOLD AND SILVLR WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DEiCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old nold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at law rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE FANCY DRESS BALL GIVEN BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS, PARR HALL, DECEMBER 31sT, JAMES ATKINSON BEGS RESPECTFULLY TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE IS FULLY PREPARED TO EXECUTE ORDERS FOR COSTUMES SUITABLE FOR THE ABOVE. ILLUSTRATED BOOR OF FANCY COSTUMES CAN BE HAD ON APPLICATION, AND ORDERS EXECUTED, CORRECT IN EVERY DETAIL, AT MODERATE CHARGES. 7, 11, & 13,BRIDGE ST, WARRINGTON.

EADE 8 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURB GOUT. "Since taking your pills I ant a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town.E. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. "Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53. New Lloyd-street, Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health,"— M. Kelly, 58. Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured main two days."—E J Macdonald, 79, Rose mu-terrace, Brighton. EADE"S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my. boots on the day after taking your pills,"—J. R.Rogers,ls. Hanover-st.,Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THB HEAD. " I recommend your pills,aa there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, s.w, EADVS GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philin Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE LIMBS. "I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief.' —A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL "I had not been out of bed for two months, hot before the pills had gone could get about."—Joha Latham. Oxford-street. Coalville East, Leicestershire. L'ADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains slnee."—W. White, 2, Lyndlourst-eottages, Hay- wood's-heath. Sussex, E A"'B GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; If that Is so yours are worth a guinea a 9111."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Steeksbrldge, Deepear. EADE'S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, In bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the I Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London.

*6IIUtEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 13 DID-..-....," "Oil, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. 8. BROWN, 3, LBECE-STREET. LIVERPOOL. ' • THANK YOU."

NATEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- Carat Wedding Rings largest stook and best value In the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOR to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCH AND 00. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Establlshed 1864.

CYCLE INFIRMARY X THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE" FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS, IVIES RE-RT3RBERBD AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ILL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Radio., 8.5./L., and hater Lee fittings, Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE 'ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. MANURE MANUFACTURER. ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS .--TOOLE, WARRING-TON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER Telegrams, " Renmil." Telephone, 1,746. BUSINESS HOURS, 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2) LETTER 1. HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS f ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS nouns AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ba, ST. JOHN-STREET, DBANSGATE. KENDAL, MILNE, IS; CO., MANCHESTER

WHICH IS THE ;BEST; CYCLE? way THE RALEIGH OF,COUSISS FROM W. H. BELLIAN, MARER or THE ROYAL 4,CAMBRIAN, 115 SANKEY-STREET,

A. G-. WRAGG, 68 AND7O, WAVERTREE-ROAD, EDGEFIILL, LIVERPOOL. HOUSE FURNISHER, DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PUNOFORTES, Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture. tze. 36 OUIN EAS.—Upright Iron ORAND PIANOFORTE, by Robert Westphale,Berlin,wifrld-renowned makers, in ebonised case, gold lined, and inlaid panel, massive sconces, patent under damper action, patent check, ivory keys, overstrung, full trichord, a very powerful tone and light touch. One of the finest instruments that was ever offered to the British public. A written warranty for 20 years given ; delivered free. Well worth 60 guineas. WRAGO, 70, WAVERTRE 11-ROAD. LIVRRPOOL. 2

GUlLalinb.-611./SBOattl), in solid wainutwood, by _ one of the best makers in the country ; measures six feet long and eight feet high. On the top of the board stands a massive-shaped silvered tple-Inch bevelled plate, supported by handsome corinthian pillars and ebbs brackets ; contains three cupboards and four drawers ; solid panel ends and handsome carvings, and fitted with solid brass handles. A bargain seldom to ba met with.

tl2 10 leurned Oak (acilia)nlDieliliAtal. quaint . Sdesign, with cupboards and drawers; bevelled silvered plate glass back, in massive frame. Also Massive OVRRMANTEL to match, in perfect condition. Both from gentleman's house at Mossley-hill. Bought in Pold-street ; cost £25. My price for the pair only £l2 103. WRACG WAV.IRTRIIII-L'OEs 13, LIVERPOOL. t 7 15 DINING ROOM SUITE. In very massive 3 carved frames ; richly upholstered in hand- some saddlebags, comprising couch, lady's and genes and set of small chairs, all to match; well worth 12 guineas; a barliairt• .d.e.

• - 15 GUINEAS.—WaInut-casect PIANO, by local maker, cost £36 ; iron frame, ttichord.check repeating action, full compass,panel front inlaid, sconces. in perfect condition sweet tone; tuned mad delivered free. A bargain.

37 S. 6D. yßsearruds s yards by Bordered a ,d v er Ay IS Rplarettly''m deselaginu,reegsual to new. Skin Hearthrug to match. Sc 6d. 21616 Solid Black Walnut BEDROOM SUITE. S. the very best make, comprising large 4ft. wardrobe, with handsome long robing mirror, with carved panels, several large drawers ; dressing table with side wings and centre dressing mirror support, with cupboards, with shield-shaped doors, with large and small drawers ; wash- stand with St. Anne's marble slab and back, with shaving mirror, all fitted with ilia. bevelled plates and massive solid brass handles, towel rail and 3 chairs ; a bargain. _ _ 22 18s. (4D. tltlgsirlinßetiePoAtiebrs,),azdeltewano feathers,well worth twice the money. Also one for £3 las 6d. Come and see for yourself. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING.

Id. Solid Chippendale Mahogany DRAWING- _a ROOM SUITE (solid mahogany) ; the frames are of Louis design' with 'cabriole legs, comprising high-low settee, pair of tub and 4 small chairs, richly upholstered with old gold silk tapestry ; a bargain seldom met with at the price,well worth 18 gulaeas ; perfectly clean and the upholstery guaranteed. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. IGUINEAS.—PIANOFORTE by German maker; iron i eframe, trichord, full compass, ivory keys,sweet tone. in walnut case ; just received from gentleman leaving the city. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG FOR PIANOS. LIST OF SECONDHAND PARLOUR SUITES., £4 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, in leather. £5 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, in saddlebags. £4 7s. 6d.—PARLOUR SUITE, in tapestry.' £5 18s: 6d.—PARLOUR SUITS, in figured valve £lO IN.—DINING-ROOM SUITE. in sadilebags. £6 18s. 6d.—DINING-ROOM SUITE, in leather. £5 Ss.—DRAWING ROOM SUITE, Chippendale. Come and see our bargains. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE•ROAD. LIVERPOOL. GUINEAS. 19 GUINEAS. I • Weave still offering the test value in liverpool, -A:COMMITS, In walnut case. by •gewsoine Bros., Gold Asdallists ; guaranteed from makers to be the best piano on the market by 33 per cent.; iron frame, trichord. check re— peating action, full compass, sweet tone, marqueterie panel, sconces ; tuned and delivered free • well worth 35 guineas. WRAGG, 70. WAVERTREWROAD. 21 CH s. vReAr. Teu.i—taSbilxe frames; hes;warssoem 1 11 e separatelyENGßAVlNGS.or in p pairs. Taken from Art Gallery pictures. 375. 6n. Handsomerene 3rtZeironoef boMDftreTpiliHntrs HORSES Lidns if t. Sin., high ; a very noble pair; suitable for sideboard or mantel shelf. Sent to any address.

L 5 :15 Pair of handsome Burr Walnut DUCHESSE S. TABLES, 4ft. long, splendid shape, with bevelled mirror support, with carved supports and jewel drawers, on castors w ashstand to match, with handsome marble slab; a bargain. glO 10 CABINET, solid Chippendale Mahogany S. and very pretty design, with bevelled silvered plates, unique shapes, with cupboard and plate- glass drors. handsomely carved, with several brackets for display ornaments. A genuine Secondhand article, in per- fect condition. • MUGU. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. WRAG4 FOR SECONDHAND PIANOS. A. G. W RAGG Will BUY for CASH all hinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 68 AND 73, WAVERTREE-EOAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN ASHLEY GI, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. IS NOW ItECEIVIN6 DAILY SUPPLIES, OF THE CELEBRATED YORKSHIRE PORK PIES, YORKSHIRE POLONEY. YORKSHIRE BRAWN. DELICIOUS PORK SAUSAGES. PLAIN AND TOMATO FLAVOUR.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. OTRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Inanot), 57, RENSHAW-STRUM' (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

JOHN EMSON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &c. FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP. WORKMEN SENT TO ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. ESTIMATES FREIE. MR. EMSON WAS WITH MESSRS. GANNETT AND SONS FOR 35 YEARS.

NOTICR OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, METE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

R HOLLINGWORTH AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JANIES'-STERBT, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA" EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HE;atTHS, FLOORS, &c, References :—Warrlnctou Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—.4 HOLLINGWORTH, Latchford."

, ;WOULD YOU HAVE !SOFT VELVETY o ! 1 SKIN? 2".lleri use 7 146 C. It , I 7, t. ,' entirely, fl -• ' remove all . jetcs-.4: 1 . ROUGHNESS,CHAPS,I I, TAN, IRRITATION, etc.,' in a very short time. Bottles M.BEETHAM & SOM. 1 61,15.,and25.6. CHELTENHAM.,

42 DEVONSHIRE-ROAD, PRINCE'S PARK, LIVER- , POOL. Private Boarding House for limited numb.r ;Near Parks and Elretrie Cars ; late dinner ; terms moderate. Apply Miss STEWART.

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. 18s, 11 ,D. Pbitizeloßn oj,ootidn:tnlAdsßLl:llOßSES. Large ;el ss. OD. HANDSOME BRASS CURB. 11S• 6D. Iltstastch atove, Set of FIRE 1 X 2 ISS. OD. SUPERIOR 7KD Drawers wTe lb' below, Z inch Top, with Isallery and 4 Small Drawers. ~;7) S. 0 O. wGAELIR'S. K,!pYeLrioErSSmiaVki,ALT./ItrAo.;,Mg Liver Cases, aovernrnent stamped. de2 17s. 6D. ALArg'aSinLong GOLD GUARD. 18 6Small Size GOLD IL WAIC 3. D. ItlDl's c.bnc L 2 17 6s. 0. AGLEBNI p ecda or na t GOLD OL k T Stamped EDGAR V. MORTON BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON,

• THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORIH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea. Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery ; water ',apply and sanitation perfen ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view Excellent Golf Links by the sea within t. mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tatiff apply to F. bIEII4II, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGOW.)

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 74, RUSTON r,QUARE. HOME CON7ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL YOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

• SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD (WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

FOR SALE, a quantity of good BRISTOL YIGs, 13 weeks old. Also good Cart Hone, Hi hands and Harness. JOHN PARTINGToN, 12 Walmer-atreet, Poo[stock, Wigan. SPLENDID Hartz Roller CANARY ; in full rolling song day and night ; 7s 61; safely pacred.—E. laeHem, 30, Freehold-street, Rochdale. PREEDER and EXHIBITOR of high-class NORWICH 14 CANARIES, colour fed. from 15s to 30s a pair. Three oays approval.—A. FABKI.IIGTON, 11 East-street, Witton, Blackburn.

BRAC 13 PURE BRED SUSSEX SPANIELS golden liver. 5 Months, both retrieve Dog 305., Bitch 20s. also 12 bore gun by Ritchards. Powelle pateat action wood covered bar locks 7', lbs weight, this Is a very best gun cost £4O. Price EL— LEE, 105, Lark•lane, Liverpool.

j AXLES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELACH-SfREIST. LIVERPOOL, PROSPECTUSES of the SAND FORK PhTROLEUM CO.. United Stiles of America, paying 12 per cent, will be sent post free on application.

j ADY will Nell 12 yards beautiful Blaok Bill, 2.51.- 14 Dime, 10 Cambridge-road, London, Z. SAPE. 30a20x29, fireproof. cost £9; accept £3 15s cash.— LEVY'S r. LYE CO., 55 Frederick-street, Sunderland.

300 free,llogrrtcir) STTRECerluasrotifrwOaddrTalstitnnggl: L7AULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and .1! Cloyer.—Apply, FACLICSERS, Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

if R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, .13.1 prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and Harmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, IHARRET-STREET, Earlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

31, K. 10k BOOTHRO Y 1), 51.1.U.M., Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO. AM) GUITAR. Specialist hi Siringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-SIREET, WARRINGTON?' ,A.L.Co.fsl .t, PPaTurflf,se Professor Church. AfthluEEtNsicOrEr LK ganist ChoirmasteranidE PlaNO, WIGAN, THhOdY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUnICAL POEM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE, W arrington.

47 PLEtCA ILINeNTHeIIa sSetHril.pr.bauatent,tp,le23l. p.. particulars free.—THE DIRECT SUPPLY POITERY Co., Hanley. IRETWOLIK, carving, bent Iron. poker, repousFe. bamboo, • leather, and picture framing. Hataloguo of materials, I,COO illustrations, 4d free.—HARGER BRA, Settle, Yorks,

HIP POTATO snd Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety. ki Champion Flanges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheel.. 100-page List Free —MABBuTT'B, Poland-street, Manchester OPIIN-AIR TRBATMENT OF CONSUMPTlON.—lindg- wick Sanatorium. Sussex. Pure, bracing air; good. results. 'c'a- guineas weekly.—Apply HESIDENT•L PHYSICIAN.

WARRINGTON GicAMMAR SCHOOL -- THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY, JANUARY 21sT, 1902. THE HEAD IdAT.ltii WILL BB AT HOME to Intfrr- view parents on SATURDAY. JANUARY 18TH, and MON- DAY, JANUARY 20TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, An. Preparatory Form for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPVCATION.

RHE UMATIC AND GOUT PASTB —lnward and We- ward Remedy for Piles. Successfully used in my own practice. Is 2d each, post free.—Ur. HIRST, Thornton-road, Bradford.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR CHOOL. FEE £4 t!II. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JAN. 141ra, 1932. Entrance Examination Monday, January 13th, 1932, at 9 a m., when the High Master attends to see parents. Prospectuses.furms of application Ac may be had at School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. C)X, Receiver.

Fro BS SOLD BY PsIVATB THISATY, two Freehold -L Shops with workshops. Nos 15 and 17 Mill-street and King-street, Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIES and YORSHAW. 42. Sankey-street, Warrington.

N'TTINCE NETTINa. Haobit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse sets, G3al Nets, Sparrow Nets, Uennis Nets nod tiame Nets of every aescription. THOMAS JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

SUHGICAL APYLIANCHS.—A new Illustrated List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Quality highest. prices lowest. Testimonials from all parts.-2. Du PRE, 38 Broke-road. Dalston, London. NIL

/ VBAOH. Why issy more? Old shirts refitted. fronts cuffs, neck bands ; best quality, undressed. Advice —•Enongh expense on old shlrts..—Note the address,TacmAS WATERS, Manufacturer, 12 Howard-street, Belfast.

PENKETH.—Cottagee 4e Od., 3e. 9. and 2e. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OEFICES MAHKET STIIBET 33 CATHERINE STREEX, rent 45. 3d Apply ROBERT LowE, Ustate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' cington. Telephone—No 55.

fitontp. £150,000 AonT flrounort3giagpeerorepenetpotsoitbeorADdeveadnsceidn sums to suit borrowers. in any p•trt of the eountry.—J. W. READzR, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£5. £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMh'N, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIlt AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. MrHILY INFOHNIATION rItHELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER ; JOHN H. GOODWIN. N.B.—Establisbetlat this Address Twenty Years.

311.)NEY TO B& LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO, REGISTItRED OFFICH 121, lIFILtzEY bTliEla WARRINGTON THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPAhED ,TO LICIVBEMO Loans to respectable householders, shopkftpers and Others on reason- able term'. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH. DISTRICT MANAGER. 121. MERSEY STREET, WAIMINGION.

PHGAWAY. The Parlour Game of the season ; very ex citing and easily learned ; suits young or old. Every home should have it for the long winter evenings. Post tree, Is.—W. SAIVI,EIf, 9 Vernon-place. London, W.C. I Lady or Gent's Silver Watch can be obtained JU absolutely free of cost ; this is a genuine offer ;no jewellery to sell.—Write for particulars, and enclose stamped addressed envelope, to MANAGER. Free Watch Supply Co., 74 Denton-road, Hornsey, London.

RHEUMATISM AND GOLIT.—A Martyr for years to Gout and Rheumatism has been quite cured with a most simple remedy which he will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address.—Apply Mr RAYMOND, 68 Dlgby Man- sions, Hammersmith Bridge, London. W.

11 OT WATER INSTANTLY NIGHT OR DtY. Hot bath Ll.for I. in 5 minute , boiling water in 1 minute 10/ART'S - LIGHTNING " GisYSHRS. For Gas or Oil Always in action at 346. Ruston-role!, London, N.W. Illus- trated estilogue, Section 21, post. free.

ASK your Ironmonger for Cloldstraw's Patent Pneumatic 13urner Cleaner ; no breakages ; no taking to piece,; once clean always clean ; clean one in a minute; boon to tradesmen. Sent anywhere for Is ltd. Adopted by NI R Comp.—GOLDSIIIAW, Iheatre, Chambers, 1 Derby. (Agents wanted).

VALUABLE VIOLIN.—Must sell; lovely old model V property late sole Violinist ; magnificent rich solo tone, labelled Stradivarius Cremona, 1690, perfect preserve- lion; splerdid Dod model bow ; superior lock-up case, worth £7 ; cash needed, sacrifice, 17s 6d ; being genuine, approval before paymeut.—Mrs. TYLER, 8 'infield Place, Extoridge.

s GALWAY, WHOLESALE SKIN AND HAIR HER- ," • CHANT, and Tallow Manufacturer, St. Helens.—To Poulterers. Rabbit Salesmen and Skin Dealers. Best prices in tte trade pnid for Rabbit and Hare Skins ; best Wilds, 2s. 3a. dozen ; Rocks, Is. 3d, dozen ; Suckers, 7d. dozen. Prompt attention, cash settlement and civility; contracts made ; shops regularly attended to on receipt o —GALWAY, St. Helens. Is sufficient address.

ATANCHES LER GREAT SHOW OF POULTRY. .0 IGBONS, RABBITS. OATS, CAVIES AND MICE. Si. JAMES HALL, OXFORD-STREET. DECEMBER 2lta, 21et, and 23rd. UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF H.M. THE QUEEN. UPWARDS OF 5.OCa) ENTRIES. INCUBATORS IN OPERATION. COME AND SEE THE CHICKENS HATCHING. Admigsion ...-FRIDAY after 1 p.m., 2s. 6d. SATURDAY and MONDAY le. all day. EXCURSION TRAINS FROM ALL PARTS .

C 0 NT Y BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— V —The Corporation are prepared to Let, from the 2nd February next, all that commodious and well-built HOUSE known as the Old Warps, within the borough, containing four entertaining rooms.six bedroome.bathroorn, w c, butler's pantry, &c, with the lawn, orchard, 2 stalled stable and two cosch-houses. saddle-room, &e, Together with the FARM- HOUSE adjoining, with the stables, sheds, and other out-buildings, and about 22 acres of LAND, including two acres of Twiggery and limited grazing at Victoria Park. The farmhouse contains living room and kitchen, with dairy and cellar, three bedrooms and two garrets. There is stabling for three horses,l4 loose boxes and sheds,and accommodation for 12 cows. Permission to Inspect the premises can be obtained on application at the Old Warps. Tenders for the yearly tenancy of the whole of the premises. or for the House and Farm separately, to be sent in (endorsed "Tender for Old Warps, or Farm,") on or before the 31st day of December instant. Dated this 14th day of December, 1901. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington.

THE FANCY DRESS BALL GIVEN BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS BEING MADE AT THE STUDIO TO MEET ALL REQUIREMENTS OF FANCY COSTUMES. PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS SHOULD BE ORDERED AT ONCE, TO ENSURE BEING READY IN TIME. APPOINTMENTS WILL OBLIGE. LEGH HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIOS, WARRINGTON.

W. ISHERWOOD AND Co., SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Ac., Ac., NOVELTY, VALUE, STYLE, DON'T YOU FORGET IT. SPECIAL DELIVERIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, DENT'S KID GLOVES, SUITABLE FOR USEFUL PRESENTS SILK LINED, is. ild. to 53. lid. PER PAIR. SILK LINED FABRIC FROM 100. PER PAIR. BEST VALUE IN THE TRADE, FANCY LACE GOODS, VERY CHOICE LOT JUST TO HAND. LOVELY GOODS AT MEDIUM PRICES. INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS IN CAMBRIC, LINEN, AND SILK, ALL PRICES, VERY USEFUL PRESENTS. LADIES' SHIM'S AND BLOUSES. THE LATEST STYLES IN SILK SLIPS, IN ALL THE LATEST TINTS FROM 6s. Iln. EACII. Special lot of ordinary WINTER SHIRTS. Perfect fit and Style from 2., Ild. to Is. Ild„ all our own make, FURS BEST VALUE, LOWEST CASH PRICES, KAinski, Bear, Sable, Martin, and all the leading Styles in Necklets and Muffs, &c. CHILDREN'S COATS AND CAPES, PINAFoR'ES, CHILDREN'S MILLINERY, Special va:ue in these goods, SEE OUR WINDOWS. Millinery, Special lines in Ladies' Trimmed Felts, and Trimmed Millinery of all Descriptions. See Windows. Novelties of all Descriptions for Christmas Presents. DRESSING CASES, CARD CASES, and Thousands of Useful Stationery and Smoking Cabinets, Cigar Cases,jArticles for Presents, American Writing Desks, Toys for the Children, Christmas Cards. SEE OUR WINDOWS AND SHOWROOMS, FOR THE SMARTEST GOODS AT THE LOWEST CASH PRICES ISFIER WOOD, 24, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS XMAS PRSSENIS. RICHARD JEFFREYS, PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AN O PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

A GENTLE REMINDER THE M C D HAVE SERVED YOU LONG AND WELL AND RESPENFULLY REQUESr A CONTINUANCE OF YOUR PATRONAGE. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES FOR MEN. YOUTHS AND BOYS. READiC MADE Ott TO MEASURE. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT' 8, AND 10, HORSEMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOJT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THE FANCY DRESS BALL. W. HODG-KINSON, LIMITED, WILL BE PLEASED TO GIVE SUGGESTIONS FOR NEW AND ORIGINAL COSTUMES FOR THE ABOVE BALL. ALSO TO SHOW THEIR CUSTOMERS. COLOURED ILLUSTRA- TIONS WITH DETAILED DESCRIPTIONS OF ALL THE MOST POPULAR AND MANY ENTIRELY NEW AND QUITE ORIGINAL CHARACTERS. ALL ORDERS FOR THIS OCCASION WILL BE EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE CHARGE, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR SAME WITH PLEASURE. „mu A COMPLETE srocK OF ALL SHADES IN EVENING EOLIENNES VOILES, 'NUNS' VEILINGS &a, FROM Is. PER YARD. WITH A FINE coLLEc nos OF 'FANCY TINSEL, TRIMMINGS, ORNAMENTS, AND OTHER ACCESSORIES FOR FANCY COSTUMES. 46 & 48, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

WHAT SHALL THE GIFT BE ? Only 10 days are left for you to make up your mind, and do your XMAS SHOPPING. GIFT HUNTERS ARE ON THE ALERT. They are out in force searching for the novel, the pretty, the serviceable things. GOOD GIFTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION will be found at JAMES ATKINSON'S XMAS BAZAAR. TOYS, DOLLS, GAMES IN ENDLESS VARIETY for the Children. PRETTY ORNAMENTS, PHOTO FRAMES. WORK BOXES, LADIES' COMPANIONS, PERFUMERY, HANDKERCHIEF and GLOVE BOXES, and a host of our NOVELTIES, all suitable for the XMAS GiFr to your Adult Friends. MANY PEOPLE PREFER A USEFUL GIFT. A GOOD GIFT to give and One any lady will nriv is a Good UMBRELLA, we have a large Stock, 49 lid, 53 lid, 73 61, 9s 61 to 183 61 each. A SEASONABLE GIFT would be a nice FUR SET (Necklet and Muff to match), we stock these in a Variety of Furs from 7s ill to 3 Guineas. CAMBRIC AND SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, GLOVES LACE FICHUS, SILK BLOUSES, Etc., are always appreciated and useful, we have these at all prices. FOR YOUR GENTLEMEN FRIENDS, a good Silk: Mufll v, Umbrella, Gloves, Dressing Case, Smokers' Companion, Matchbox, are always useful, and • good selection will be found amongst our stock. DO YOU SEND PRIVATE XMAS CARDS? We have a beautiful Selection from 19 61 Dozen, also a large Variety of Xmas Cards from id each. • JAMES ATKIN-SONft 7/ 11 & 13 BRIDGE ST, WARRINGTON.

FOR XMAS PRESENTS OR GENERAL FURNISHING AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES MAKE A POINT OF VISITING THE PIONEER CONIPLETE FtTIINISHING STORES. , 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, THE LONV PRICES WILL; ENSURE AN IMPORTANT SAVING. ALL PURCHASES OF 40i. DEUVERED FREE TO •INY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED DIAS AND OTHER CATALOGUES.

TOWLE'S CHLORUDYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE INtittlAA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms, 24 doses for 2s. DAL'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. The Newest and Moat Elegant Designs In SOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCIIES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men, £2 Is, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARIBUR/T, CURB ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPETITE. CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF THE Br 00D. CURE LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepired only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR FLARE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other afedicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

rir HE .Runcorn Examinen published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helms Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. - THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

THE EXAMINEE, DECEMBER iOra 1901.

of England Temperance Society, the United King- dom Alliance, the British Women's Temperance Association, Women's Total Abstinence Union,Band of Rope Union, Free Church Ministers,Youog Men's Christian Association, etc. Good Templary has given the total abstinence pledge to 1,450,000 per- sons over fifteen years of age; and boasts of having had four hundred thousand meetings under its auspices. From Angland, the Order is said to have been carried, by the agency of British soldiers and sailors, to every part of the Empire.

SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKY,. 2/6 PER LIPERIAL QUART. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6, & 5/3, per'quart„ 1/8,2/- 2/6, 3/- & 3/6 per bottle. PORT WINE from Is PER IMPERIAL QUART. Bottles included in all the above prices. FULTON' BROS., Wine Merchants 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central Station).

BRING Y. OIIR -LEAS STOCKINGS AND FEET, AND PUT TRIM INSIDE A PAIR OF ALF. TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS, 45, HoRSEJIARK a STREET, WARRINGTON.

supplies a WHOLESOME NOURISHMENT. There are no special agents for this cocoa. It can be obtained from every grocer. A FREE SAMPLE WILL BE SENT ON APPLICATION TO THE MAZAWATTEE TEA CO., LTD., TOWER HILL. LONDON, E.C.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. HOCKEY.—If one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport, that firm is GEO. G. EUSSEY & Co., of London. who are leading the way again with their Hockey Clubs and Balls which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G. B. & Co.'s Special Hockey List. If Rot procurable appLy to 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-atreet,London. Factory—Peckham,S.B.—Advc. (2.

-4 MIFOre-ATAINI 111'1,1.; : l'i, , --.lr 3 Centre Half 7/8 If VAINIPANIFIVIOP 41{13 nker „ 6/3 op 81- \ " Ally Color, Pattern; or Size. Flanutlett,, 2/3, 2b/- do. ; Matting Cloth, 2/0, 30/. d 0..; Untearable, 316, 40/- dozen. e---rir, Shirt Guards ~ KtIiCKERS. (ALL LEATHER) . White-4,4,1,11, 1.2/8, 3/8 per pair 11 t 10d, 6,1/26111.11/11, _ . , 1,47/a0v:,511/30;,2e/roi3a/IBr CHROME. - k P.. ' M " The SCOT " e Forward' \\ 0/ 9/0. r „) CHROME.. CDs 1016. .45.64. " - pattern broTms/- - N'''''Ar 1 For °intr. PATTERNS AND QUALITIES, SEE CATALOGUE. 1 r AU 9GI 'l U - ,:i 1 E' k. fti ,;._,4,12.., _ tWOK,O,-,RD S T C FREE ' ILAeiri-RLIVERPOOL . ,

TBE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 20 A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WIT ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple fan:).. Take some good Compound such a: COCKLS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and v.e find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their pur?oscs so well, may be set down as the best.-- Observer. jrlM et% /4"i Tr 3 S rREE ROcvl NIFRCURY u 1 L Ars I • sAJL OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. IL S sr r BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Dft. J. COLLIS BROW NE'a CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the moat wonderfar,and valuable remedy ever die covered. HLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma, riiILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. C.EILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrho3a and is the only specific in cholera/Ind Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. oHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache. meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that It leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majestrs consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIftACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Camott.—Vice-Chatteellor slr W. Pox Wools stated tbsa Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the Inventor "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See !limes, 13th July, 1884. Sold In bottles at Is. 21. 9d., and es. 6d. Nana Is genulae without the words ••• DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S WIWI:MOYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Mediol testimony accompanies each bottle

TNE WA. NV lit, V:-113 DeVl MAKES STAIICHI•Ii TIMM Lila NEM. \ , rpi 14; OR EATr. i CRITCH LEY 1 e red tilo°ttliNe L:uvieird i e°s s hr i mpat brig an Ivory 41w g Linen. Laces, etc. a .., ,k dots not stiolc to spider. ew...b - blie materials. ~, Onee tried always , . R c Etc ..,........„......„... Should he used us house. Sold by most hv Starch Sellers in PacLets, at and 6d. Prepared only, 'T. CRITCHLEY,I Illaeldsurn.

DON'T COUGH USE KEATING'S LOZENGES FOR YOUR COUGH. ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL TOL% 'there Is no better Cough Medicine—One gives • relief if you surfer from cough try them but once; they iriit cure, and they will not injure your health; an increasing sale ot over SO years is a certain test of their value. Sold 111184 d. IlLua.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND 1, TOWLE'S P E N sY TR E 0 EY L PILLS FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1./1 &29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 31 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., 63, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, ildlirio:l3 mot worthless.

Is a wonderful water proofer for BOOTS es HAlt I ii. S. Sof- Dal eV tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 IiXIIIBITION HIGIIPSI AWA ADS. 113 bb. Tins 2d., 6d., 11.. 6.26 of Bart Makers, Sa “Vers, fronntong.ers clr,c. Manninctory East Dulmck, London.

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &O. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. ERRIVEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, TLC.

HAVE you A DAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, per.ato surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press your finger on the inflamed Inn it leaves theimpression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on sufferin dB death releases you. Perhaps your knees are sw ()lien, the joints being ulcerated.the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may he wounds; the disease, it t&owed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and bad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless. or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, fort can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Became others have failed, it is no season I should. Send at, once a Postal. Order for 2s. 6d. toll. W. ALBERT, 73; Farringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, liousemaid's Knee„, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, P d oisoned Bans, an.. 4 Bunions. IRegisteredeopyright.'i

THE NEW FEENOH;REMEDY. TIIER A PION• This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals bs Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hitherto enlploywi for impurity of the blood, spots, blonthes, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tio, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SUARE, LONDON, W.O

P.CDIVIECE3C/0 !!:.althy and f,!atural DevelOpMeat of figitivbj waaring (:•:=1 BID r- systim PRIEN2 cjy 'j STIDE-SPRING !! C FISET Beautif4inConatretction. tinriralled inStyle. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure. hut yield to the movements of the Nnly, and tho side supports are radava/.,04e. tiodelltA in different shiip.,l iii cult venous t) Ii of fizUriS, they ytota s most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3111; 818, 8/11 and 1013. 0i,t,,1,1)1, rpm' the principal Drapers nail Ladies Outfitters, lii t if any dill-lenity iii prottuing, n rite far inane of nearest tniist on having the T. R. .Sl,le-SAI-I,,...Corsel—T7re Best. IMPORTANT vr;mn oi! every J. S. Carset la , almolutely kunranteed by thb---• FOLE 7,IANIJIICTUI:Int J. Se'. T3r.413.3DEL CREAT ANCOATS MANCHESTER:

LADIES SPECIAL OFFER 1 FULL SIZED BLANKETS /11 7 lbs. Weight. 0/11 / I CARRIAGE PAID. ;, H. MORDY, Manufacturer, LEEDS.

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LI FE CLARKE'S woRLD-RmED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Hiatt:: e It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the lood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to aight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin land Bloc" Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles Is. 9d. and L lls, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro I prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY 12:COLN. Beware of worthless imitiotions

"PREM I ER"CYCLES SPECIALITY—I-1 ELI CAL "WELE. Premier in name and premier in reputation (6Yer Sines Cycles first were manufactured. Descriptive List Free: Easy Terms I WORKS—COVENTRY.

IDEAL WICKER TRUCKS for Con:ectioners Bakers, Grocers, Drapers, ke. Best value ever (ffered. Write for List.--STOKES AND HOLT, Lticester.

-- -- , PHONOGRAPHS, Graphophones.Gr.mophoneS. Zouophonce. Cash or Instalments. Accessories leA and Machine Parts. 'Records exclianrd. Write for full particulars and lists.-IU.STROPOLITASI TALKING MACHINE ComPANY,IO6, 'Tenner-streer,London,S.E

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORN. Dogs nod Girls can get a NICKEL.- PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and ARM, forselling dozen packages of , IiLATINE at Fivepence each. Send your full address Including name of County, return mil, and we will forward the Bluine post paid, and a large premium list. No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department RI), 5 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London, s.r..

- cAsk your grocer for ir,! SYIt TN. • The 10,..p- . ebt „s'' The Cheapest' ESSE. an ci the b ey. 097‘•••••••••" • A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE MADE AS REQUIRED. THUS SY!NGTON &Co. EDINBURtiI &LONDON -

11 35 YEARS PROVEN EFFICACY.. \ .';',A '•-..' 7:- 000 UN . C 1,....,.. ;.:*;:7--,,,‘" \-r..---..-1 1 /0 conipoio 'NH- •. !' illSeet) , .., 't,,'• -, ,•‘ , ,r t \ . 1 • t t ' . ! '0,4 011Gli5 1 i•Ito ' 1 lIV t! . .... ,N . ef"C,'011.35 t, , ' ASTMA'63stoncrrns „...._ ?F ALL CH EM ISTS 47; niRoutnorGREATBRITAINamECCLOM • -•%L.-. - e 4. UNUM CATHARTICUM PILLS-. .. .) •:- -, FOR INDicEsTion a ITS EVILS, SICK HEADACHES, BI LIOUS DERANGEMENTS. &C, . 0 '' AN AGFZ EEAB LE 'APER I ENT, KAY TIC PILLS- -:. -1-":- .. CURE FACEACHE at NEURA LC /A. .; NVERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAI WM, I ..' , L.,-.."—^—"AVO/D /M/TAT/ONS.'..--.--. *. '

- .12,, I ':-.' • &•• • ,• 4' ''ll` ' ' ' . t••• ,t, , 4 e.., fr. , . 0 , , , v . ~ - it;:' , '''s • q 1,0 P 044 44 0 I ; ,I"MENTt-4.:% CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

Which will be sent post free to any address on receipt of a card. Brimful of Presents for Old and Young. Everything required for gifts or Amusements is contained therein, at a saving of .10 per cent, over most houses. We have made an enormous purchase of Useful Presents, Toys and Scientific Novelties, both in AMERICAA THEN Citi'lL..cE T - which we are offering until Xmas at a Croat I:eduction. LOND N BROUGhT TO AND THE YOUR DOOR CONTI NE 4 By a Post Card. & Maple Lanterns.
