===== 0002601_19010823_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IVORT, I I SILVER, BRUSHES, AND I EBONY J

PURSES,

CARD, LEITER, & CIGAR CASES.

BERESFORD'S

===== 0002601_19010823_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
771 CHURCH Sr., LIVERPOOL.

AND DOUGLAS STEAMERS LTD.

CALAIS-DOUVRES or LILY FIRST t.l/k Sails daily from PRINCEt'd 5/6 LANDING-STAGS at IOAS from N. DOUGLAS 4 5. RIITURN.

aiceo

SAILS DAILY. SUNDAYS EXCEPTED Pro EXTRA, AUGUST SAILING. (tr rb LIVERPOOL every Saturday midnight at 11.45 ;1,11 boat) hiorl DOUGLAS, every Monday at I. a.m. (Sunday mid- Dub,- -snliG SEPTEMBER THE BOATS LEAVE DOUGLAS oNe.kate at WALKER':'T 35 , 53,3' VVll;2aitechapel, LIVERPOOL ; IittOGHF,DA STEAM PACKET COMPANY AND I:IIREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY OF IRELAND SALOON of STEAMER. RAIL end HOTEL Included, a Spx,,WEEK IN IRELAND FOR ,t 2. ~AL Ex.:rumNs TO DUBLIN HORSE SHOW— Olt 6d. Saloon Return, Lls quo T of TOWNS. DEPARTURES, 80„ apply to Liver R" H. HILL, V, Water-street, Coßingwood DoClc, vr Pool. 8. hic&LP INS, 28, Hartland-roa d, dir kenhead.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
4 xx intrtry b

FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.

R 4 15/-WAXLIIWISII, largeoize,ointa wo.Moalt, panel ends.large robing mirror brvelled with plenty or hanging apace; also bonnet drawer. Second-hand worth doubl. the price.

S.l/2 15/-I.lll%ifitt 'LaBLIS, Gond wairim. with Loose leatmeasures sft. bv M. 4n.; patent ac rew perfect in every particular, on castors, massive carved legs A bargain. Packed find delivered free.

s4vtitrLimbatytr6efets6i(nl3.leyr)r and Li 18/6—wßollo?dmlaittArens s. new; a bargain. Having bought heavily at great advantage. I am giving my customers the benefit of my cash purchase' _

THE Distritc or THR SEASON. SIMPKIN'S concentratPd SARSAPARILLA WINE. ' A Product of the Highest Purity and Excellence: G. H. Sharpe, F. 0.8. 6d, size maims 1 Gallon of Delicious Wine. Sample bottle post free, 9d. ; double size, le. Agents wanted everywhere. Apply to StsmKnee BAR9APARILLA. BREWERY, Walthamstow.

ET pos,r{ is 734 d per Quarter, 6. 6d per annum Is gd. per Quarter cred

RED

TEETH. TEETH TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. J.

WHITE & BLUE COFFEE.

For Breakfast and after Dinner.

SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary I but may arrangea_ _ All consultations free. each patient int cry- ,d beforehand of work required. fikdd and other fillings at moderate charges. An N.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Retraction as hitherto by the of nitrous Oxide. Illaker to Dentine of 10,000 gallons weekly. Bzors of the late

H. PARKINSON

(DENT= By EXl7l.)l' MANCHESTER-- ........_46, MOSLEY-STRICE

(Telephone 1680).

MR. NI-ADDISON TTENDS ST. HELENg MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN _.___—_3l, BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTIiVirICTI—_ 18. APPL RMARKET-STRERT FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

UNDER THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STItICRT, WARRINGTON

FOR GOOD BOOTS.

GrIYINNESB'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AIM BIM= ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHBATLIIPS HOP BITTERS. WHBATLETTI GINGER BIER. To Se had In CASK or BOTTLBS from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORRS. OWEN STREET.

FISH. FRIERS , TAKE NOT/CL

===== 0002601_19010823_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1167

===== 0002601_19010823_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
JLLIIMINATED ADDRESS 6S, DIE-STAMPING Filo-shelf% e Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan titles copied and lithographed.—BßOOKS AND SJN, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSEPII CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED. 4i PER CENT. "A' DEBENTURE STOCK: The TRANSFER BOOKS of this Company relative to this Issue will be closed from the 17th to the 31st AUGUST Inst., (both days Inclusive) for the purpose of preparing told issuing Dividend Warrants due let SEPTEMBER. (Signed) W. N. ROBINSON, Secretary. IDated Warrington, August 13th, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MC DEELMOTT

I RIMSBY FISH SHOP. lINUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON,

HIS BEEN SELLING

COD AND FLUKB (ItorrE BrrrEn)

TES LAST WEEK

AT 28. 6D. PBR BOORS.

AND WILL Do THE SAME THIS NEXT WEEX.

FOR BEST SBLBCTION AND UTMOST VALUB. pITTS'F.,, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAY THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). THE RENOWNRD GENERAL FURNISHERS. PATRONISRD LiY ROYALTY NOBILITY RTC.

PITTS'S CELEURATED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 15k, 22t, 284, 381. 50, 75, 100, 200, up 1.000 guineas. are in point of Excellence. Duralsility and Value tbe VERY BEST obtainable. They represent a CLEAR SAVING of 1,50 PER CENT as compared with others. Null particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, priced, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent extra.

PITTS'S SPECIAL FIFTY-GUINEA HOUSE OF FuItNITURIC, honestly worth £lOO, includes DININ4 ROOM SITITE,in durable leather.convenient sideboard, ex- tending table, massive brass-bar fender and brasses, bor- dered carpet, rug. cornice pole, lace curtains ; DRAWING ROOM SUITE in rich figuted velvet or tapestry, centre table, recherche cabinet, tasteful overmantel,bordered carpet, rug, brass-bar fender, brasses, cornice pule, lace curtains ; BEST BEDROOM SUITE, polished walnut, satin walnut.or mahogany chairs, towel rail, substantial brass-mounted bed- stead, wire mattress, overlay, bolster, piliows. bordet ed car- pet, toilet service, cornice pole, lace curtains ; SECOND BEDROOM SUITE, polished chairs, towel rail, toilet ser- vice, bedstead. wire mattress, overlay, bolster, pillows, car- pet ; SERVANT'S BEDROOM, all requisite articles ; KITCHEN, table, chairs, fender flreirons, floartloth. rug ; STAIRS and LANDING. oilcloth, carpet, rods and eyes, cocoa and door mats, all complete, thoroughly reliable and full size.

PITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS, admirably suit- able for a large residence.—HANDSOME DINING ROOM SUITE, upholstered throughout with curled hair, guaranteed; small chairs, padded backs; magnificent side- board, fitted with bevelled mirrors throughout, brackets, shelves, cupboards. cellarettes, &a. ; extending dining table, with patent screw ; overmantel, carpet, brass fender and brasses ; originally cost £136 ; Bitts's price. 62 guineas. ELEGANT DRAWING ROOM SUITE. Chippendale style, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered throughout with curled hair, guaranteed, and covered in rich Genoa velvet magnificent cabinet and over- mantel, occasional wine and card table+. all inlaid to match ; rich pl'e carpet, costly rug. brass ferder, and brasses, clock and ornaments ; cost £17,3 ; Pitta's price, 66 guineas. REOHHHCHE BIiDROOM SUITE, scud throughout, con- sisting of very large wardrobe, with bevelled mirror doors, drawers, cupboards, Ac. ; pair of large toilet tables, fitted with every convenience ; pedestals, towel-rails end chairs complete, superb suite ; origirosl cost, LSS ; Pitts's price 35 guineas. MASSIVE SOLID BRASS PARISIANaBIIDSTEAD grand design, well executed, an ornament to any mansion; originally cost £25 ; Pitts a price 16 guineas. Any article sold separately.

DITTS'S BEDSTEADS & BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection. being cleared out at giving-away prices. Bare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them and. rise after.

pITTS'S CUIPETS & FLOOR COVERINGS. Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended Colouring,. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge by Competent men.

P. M'S PIANOS, CYO L. ES, BASSINETTES Mail Carts, Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware Table 88/lards, Bagatelle. Magncent selection. Astound- ing value.

PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE • —Every description of Bookcases, tiecretaires. Desks Stools, Chairs, Sofss, Copying Presses, at about half City prices,

QAMUEL PITT S, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick, and Lonasight Cars), GAYTIIOIIII (all City-road Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Teleptone 1124

JOHN WALKER AND CO. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS,

I

===== 0002601_19010823_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS; USII ALDO LTG A. 1125. SELF-RAISING FLOU It IT IS THE BEST.

PLEASANT PARAGRHITS:

t

NEXT in importance to a good memory is a good forgetter. in lOttiny still 'recognised by the law—thil marriage register. A sriscsnatts*On getibia b simply one whit; hasn't learnedte talk plain. • Tux professional musician works when he plays and plays when lie Work's. MurnEn to little-yreda, who has- been taken to! the dentist to have 'a 'tooth pulled': Freda if you • .I..T.STALLY THE eA;E.—"Ra* dfcl he come -10 lose faith to the Stock Exchange?" "He lost his money first." " Witais a holiday, Uncle .Tim?" "It's a day Irhen von work so hard to enjoy yourself that you can't In any real work for the next three days.' Wocin you like t:s have the world at your I have. I'm not standing on my head, am I 7" •• ,-;..;..4,l7ritkriee,cap.,7: ~.)tuyiryn,a. 011%7 said M 11.% '• Vel.ey good, ' Egnith.. "I had • to eali 'ut once, to Mid von " rot all tTW r love the still in:, runt red a yssing clan; AFVe!..harirled•-liielgiti' ff.: artificial teeth that she had sneezed into his lap. ,•••• A rELEIMATED Ftenr.:b isoet. once talvertised thah. he would supply ''Lines en any occasion." A fisherman sought him slcortly altar, anti wanted a line strong enough i :tatch a porpoise. Fir-sz 11)Ay111-. " 3;110, pill„ -been righting??? Second Loafer.: "Dryer s-pose I'm a-hativertisip.g sticire• plaster." '-` • 4'l ' : ‘" r.);1 ye,it 'lore your little. broth= there:, ray boy?" -,lferbiet •1•444100,' sir." Strang. - (surprise!) : " Pra, why not?" Herta t promptly : " 'Cause Ite'F. rpy .Fislter. See?" I)EFINITrON- ay A SocrAmsT.77l What is a fiesialist, papa ? " "A Sociaiists nass boyist, man wie% ready aguee, .d.iyide anything that he dossn't own." " IfitstnefF 'age ..six•• was C(71) tej in a barber's chair. " man," said the barber. "how would you 'like .vour hair cut ?" "Like father's, with a ronad, ;to::: at the top." MoTnEn: " What are. yew crying for, child?" "-Johnny hurt* ihe." " How, pray.?" " I was ' going to hit lire,• with rriy first, when he ducked his head and f struck the wal!" lIER Sisrv,i;'sl /Yet:sm.-a : "Minnie, if you'll enum and it o my knee.- I'll give you a nice present." Minnie (aged five) : "Is that what mode you give sister a diamond ring?" • •Min. "Yon so continually remind me of my poor deiefirst bnsband." Mr. ICriaeele : "I'd be willing to put up with that, if you didn't _so continnolly remind nie of him, too.' Moxintit: "I wonder What we. can do with .Johnny? •He has sriCh a way of exaggerating everything. He is always making a mountain out of a molehill." Father: "I think, my dear, we had better make him an auctioneer." Miss FISHER : "I really don't think I shall take part again in theatricals. I always feel as though ' I were making a fool of myself.' Pilkins (who always says the wrong thing): "Oh, everybody thinks that." " TnE first writing was done on stone," remarked the wise man at dinner. "Gracious! Think of the postage," involuntarily exclaimed the rising poet with. a shudder that rattled the dishes. "Look at dat goat makin' ''er dinner. out of dose matches de peddler left here." , Tommy: "He ain't =kin' no dinner; dat's a light lunch," SHE: "This is the anniversary of our wedding. We ought to observe the day in some way." He: "Suppose we send out for sonie sackcloth .and ashes?' MAY: You say Mr. Little has a family of ten, and he only gets thirty shillings a week, How on earth does he get along? Jenny: Oh, every Little helps. A TROUBLED but trusting subscriber recently Wrote to the editor of a certain paper. "What ails my hens? Every:morning I find one or more of them keeled over to rise no more." The reply was: " The fowls are dead. It is an old complaint, and nothing can be done except to bury them." AN EXCITING PERFORMANCE.—"Oh, ma, cons ap her:7lnick !" "‘What's the matter, Tommy?" -" Bob s playin' circus, and he's goin' to make tie . baby dive off th' mantel." " Wirax is the worst thing about riches?" asked a school-teacher of a boy. "Their scarcity," he replied, and was immediately rewarded with a

prize. A THEORY.—She: "They seem to believe in a long engagement." He: "1 suppose they wish to prolong their happiness as much as possible." IN THE "DAILY' SHOUTER" OFFICE.—" There is a startling report in circulation." " What is it ? " "It is rumoured that some of our rumours are SorEssxmous.—Mistress : "Bridget, are you superstitious ?" Bridget : "Well, mum, Oi think it's unlucky to break a lookite-glass. Oi broke the parlour mirror in the lasht house I lived in, an' lost me place." LEISURE TO Tay A PLEASANT POSE.—SylVarlder: "Sylvia, believF me, riches would not bring hap- piness." Sylvia: "Nonsense! If I had half a million I'd have plenty of time to pretend I was happy, anyway." SUNDAY - SCHOOL TEACHER (telling - of. the

Deluge) : "And then it rained for forty days and forty nights." Johnny: "Were the farmers satisfied then, sir?" THEY had been discussing the pronunciation ot "margarine," and finally agreed to leave it to the waiter, but he shirked. "Sir," said he, "I have to pronounce it ' butter ' or lose my job." AKTIIOR "Now, I want your honest opinion. Tell me what faults you see in my book." I riend • Well, for one thing, I think the covers are too far apart." THE SECRET OF IT.--Mrs. Dingo: "You must have said something to Mrs. Spinkerlev that offended her." Bingo: "I merely remarked that my experience showed me that all human beings were pretty much alike, and she turned her back on me." Mrs. Bingo; "You forgot she has a baby." " HORAT/0; whispered the heroine," the villain still pursues us." " !" exclaimed the lover. "Bet fear not. Seest then the ravine that inter- venes between him and us ? " "Yes, Horatio; but the bridge! He can cross yon bridge at a bound." "Fear not, I say. According to the book of the play, he has got to stop in -the middle of the bridge and do a song and dance. Courage ! " CHANGED CONDITIONS. Father: "That man should be an example to you, my son. He entered a store as office-boy and worked himself up until in a few Years he owned the business:: Son: "Ho coulif never do that in these days, pa, when they have cash registers." SPANREItS I wish to get a house in a quiet neighbourhood." Agent: "Yes, madam ; we can accommodate you. I have a vacant house in a street which is as quiet as a Sabbath morn all the year round. No harking dogs. no children, no nuisance of any kind." Mrs. Spankers: " That's exactly what I want. How lucky I hapened to come to you! How many rooms has it?' Agent: " Ten." Mrs. Spankers: "That's just right. We need a good deal of room. We have nine children. I hope there's space at the back for dog-kennels We have three dogs." HE W. ON. —A minister was one day walking along a road, and to his astonishment he saw a crowd a boys sitting in front of a ring with a small dor, in the centre. When he came up to them, he put the following question: " What are you doing to the dog ? " One little boy said: ",Whoever tells the biggest lie wins it." Oh," said the minister, " I am surprised at you littletioys, for when I was like you I never told lies." There was silence for. a while, until one of the boys shouted: "Hand him tip the dog ! " A Scorrisu labourer was engaged in the grounds of an asylum, near Edinburgh, and received in- structions to pay no attention whatever to the remarks of tho patients who noticed him. Some little time after the doctor, looking at the progress of the work, mildly suggested an alteration. The workman dug steadily on, and never lifted his head, The doctor raised his voice, the man dug energeti- cally. The doctor threatened, stormed, and finally thundered out, "Do you know who lam ?" The son of the soil straightened his back, looked at him for a minute, and shaking his head sorrowfully, ex- claimed, " Puir deleerious cratur, I'm sorry for ye," and went on calmly with his work. CADBURY'S Cocoa. on the trim:worry of the Lnn cet 'represents the fandard of highest purity." It is entirely 'ree from all to Oct, substances, such as kola, malt, hops, de., nor Is silks! used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the Illwatrated London News writes : "Cocoa is In Itself a perfect food. and requires no addition of dogs whatever." CAD- BURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old and young. at •11 times and in all seasons ; for Children It is an ideal beverage. promoting healthy growth and development In a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBURY'S, as other Cocalls are often substituted far the sake a extra profit. F,old only In rackets and llns. A4rt.3)

..,,e,,,,wisivw‘mro3•ireli;vltisgoirartr.,ti•!;_tfto*

===== 0002601_19010823_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIESI LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE. 4. —9-t4frifir; In general, the cut of co is is longer, a inh y ihave rounded basques sloped away in front like a man's morning coat.'. A tight-fitting, plain habit 'bodice, with square short basque some four inches ibelgEr the waist, with leather belt and square 'buckle round the waist, is a favourite style, and ;proves very becoming to a good figure. Useful 'hats to accompany these costumes are in hairy cloth or felt, with the brims and crowns stitehed, or piped, so as to give quite j_i_ppearance 'to' the 'tat: The, -shapes ii.re'smalaCTB'ff crowns and brims curling upwards at the edge. A small compact turban shape is al sb favoured, trimmed solely with a Wing or plum'ae. White beaver hats are smart,and dainty looking.,

Th he ha oecaE at ' nat' ti'.

I c't. I°w. tip

' Many people seem to think that heliotrope in ;the more purple shades—true heliotrope colour, in fact—and grey will be moat fashionable during the autumn, and black or black and white will, of course, still be prevalent, as the Court is, un- happily, in deep mourning again. Frieze will still be popular, but fine, rather glossy-surfaced cloths will be most fashionable, and one of these in a rich rather dark heliotrope should suit well. So far as styles are concerned, corse:et skirts and short, loose sacques will be very fashionable. I fancy the reign of the bolero is nearly at at end, and of the coat* I have seen at present they are chiefly, the loose saeques, the new., bassuelees blouse-coat with pointed waist-belt, little coats with loose fronts and fitting backs, reaching to the hips, half and three-quarter-length gangues, and paletota.

Several shooting costumes are being madse with the skirt and bodice in one, princess fashion, fastening down one side in front to below the waist, with a double row of large buttons. Such frocks require to be very well cut and fitted, and have the seams piped with leather; leather pieces are stitched across the shoulders to prevent rub• bing. Lace vests and fancy cravats are entindy out of place with a sporting costume the whoko .iote of which should be a well-appointed severity. *The small chemisette showing at the throat shoald be of finely tucked linen or lawn, with a narrow turned-down hem-stitched collar and a neat cam- bric or silk bow in front.

The fashion for motor-car driving has become so great that the gentle art must decidedly be reckoned with when planning out a sporting outfit. One coat I saw is in bis-brown summer cloth, with coachman's cape collar of stitched taffetas in the same colour. A small breast-pocket on the left side proves useful. The hat is of stitched white taffetas, with soft pliant brim, simply trimmed with a large chou of red and white foulard, a white gauze veil enveloping most of the hat and the face, the ends brought round and tied at the side. A golfing dress had a plain, well-fitting skirt, with strappings round the hips and down the front, of cloth. The light, reversible cape of frieze one side and tartan the other, is slung from the shoulders by straps, and has a large, comfortable hood, which can be drawn up over the head in case of wind or wet.

Gauged effects are to be prominent this autumn, and for the between seasons are made hanging boleros, to give the short sack coat its newest name, very much gathered on the shoulders to form a yoke, and then covered with transparent vandyke lace collars. An Empire gown, especially when it hangs loosely from the shoulder line, must ho worn with an Empire petticoat, a garment that also hangs from the shoulders and is skirt and cache-corset in one. It is very commonly made of soft silk to form a foundation, but sometimes fine white lace insertioned lawn, fully trained of course, composes it. Your loving JEN:ing.

To BRIGHTEN' CARPETS.—Sometimes a Brussels carpet seems clean, but the colours have become dull and dingy. Put a teaspoonful of turpentine in half a gallon of warm water, dip a rag in it ancl wipe the carpet. Of course it should be thor. oughly swept first. The turpentine brightens tho colours wonderfully.

TRUSS.—New *Fishable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates ; it is light, clean. cool. comfortable, and durallle ; ran be worn whilst bathing. WHITH Az WHIGHV. Surgicsi Instrument M.lzers 93. Henshaw-street. opposite top r

LARGA STOCK OF u ITA RS, VI OL I NS. -0-ffer.—Guenanteed ITALIAN MANDOLINS, MARSH'S name Inside, Rose- wood. ornanientod ; 121. 6d. Carriage paid. ARCHVH AID SONS. ST. tiNOTIGRS' CRESCSNT. TOP ON LORD- TWIST. ISPOOL. Betabllahed 1648.

I

"Well begun— half done."

Starting right is half the battle.- The best ironer cannot do good ironing if she begins with cheap, com- mon starch. It pays to buy the best starch Colman's .Starch. It pays in labour- saving ; it pays in preventing disappointment; it pays. in linen-economy; it pays in successful ironing.

WOMEN'S CHAT. (Copyright. ) • , --- . /ao visit of the German'Crown Bri the e )A GIRL it Tlf• E PEOPLE belipaid to Britain, the last being COP 'ls' when he accompateed his ta t . ~ the E p Ii , 13Y MIV. ' . `. -WILLIAMSON ' f uneral of the late beloved pen It is o „ear that the young prince should oesieg t ~ ihing tinore of the country with wretch hiertran rate Author of "The Sae- Starmers," "Fortune's were so intinaately connected. and there must be many r objects over here of interest to hina,such as Westminster j Sport," "Miss Nobody," "Her Royal Rigel. Abbey, the Tower of London, and other placer; of nesa," "Lady Mary of the Dark House," Ac. historic Importance. It was in Scotland that the Prince's grardpaser were betrothed in the true Scotch fashion, weh a 4 11 eat his father, t. -n 'there William, first met his futere wife. The Prince was in his way to Balmoral, bet passing through Lordsn, he made the acivaintance of: Princess Victeria ,of Schleswig . Hplatfie—now the Getman Empress—who was staying *tithe time with. Prince and Princess Christain at Cumberland Lodge. . A London paper stated that the visit of the Crown. Prince of Germany ta Britaisief,was probably " not un- ccnneited - with the desire 'oelhis Imperial Highness to, discover whether his feelings toward one of the daughters of the-Duke of Connaught,'And si response." This paragraph is on the same lines as one which was published a few weeks ago with respect to Lord Rose- bery. ard _troth are r quail), lackieg lu test!. - t hey must Cause great- arnoyenee to the. riersons •‘corcerbed, and almost invariably, the only foundation for such statements is to be found ire eorcebcdy's imagination. The, average holideystraker is no wearing a sar.;„ of compromisgen colour', that :may 6.-r, may net be nieant for mourning—this very considerable latitude being observable in all circles, save tbose in immediate con- nection with rre atty. Black white and gray are re- lieved with Trope of the frivolnualy t pink, or modestly blue type, while deep cream mires unblush- ingly in many-an otherwise black costume. ' Sunburnt straw bats too, seem alloivable, with black trimmings. in fact, the mourning may now be caTly cemptiioentary to a degree. - .., There is much to be said for the theory that e helieay ehould be spent away from one's family. The weal thing is for the huaband, wife, and the children, to go together to the country or the seeeide. and none obtain the full benefit of a complete change. The childeen, utiles,: quite young, would prohable gain more if in some safe keeping away from the regular 'amily asseciat,ons, and atter being in each others society all the year. the same thing applies to husband and wife. It is seldom that tastes and irclinations altogether agree, and for a perfect holiday, both should be able tea enjoy their special sports and pastimes without restraint. Complaints are often made against women who keep railway carriage windows closed, when tbethertncrreter is at 35. A 9 a rule, the reason is not from any dislike of fresh air, but because of the dirt and smut., which play havoc with a light summer frock. What is wanted on the railways, is some means of admitting the air, while keeping out the dust and dirt. 'Another traveller's grievance is against those who occupy tne seats with their paieels, and show tin disposition to in-ye them, when passengers regnire the room. Women, it must be admitted are very often the worst offenders, and there ' is no.excuse for them. They belong to that clasa which lthinkti the limed vraermade for them, but the real fact that tbe very peop!e who entertain thi, deluaisre are thomewleb erlatna the world would most willingly eis- per Se. We are promised some relief from the trailing skirt this autumn. It is true that walking and knock-about frecks are still of ridiculous length, but it scenes hkely that we shall be able to dispense with the yards of super- Buena material with.whicla we have long be, n encum- bered-, Teis„modification is the more to be deeired because we shall soon bw requiring autumn, gowns. Even in the case of the tightest summer trock,and with the weather fine overbeid, and underfoot, it is no easy- matter to manipulate the lengthy skirt, when one is , abroad, on any more imcortant business walk. but in wet weatbdr, and with heavy thick gowns, the diffleul- ties are multiplied tenfold. We should therefore rejeice that the autumn promises us some relief in tbis directing.: That the trailing skirt is eothing new is illustrated by the story wt inh was teed in the "Times" the'other day. When the huge building now known as the Crystal Palace, was nest designed, for the great Exhibition of 1851, Sir Joseph PF x:on was asked how he intended to have the floor swept and cleaned. He 'replied that no arrangements were needed, as the women's sk•rts would do all the sweeping required, and that spaces were expressly left between the planks of the flooring, so that the dirt would fall through. Alarm visitors to the -Crystal ealace have wnedered why these half inch in- teretices were left between the flooring boards, through which one is so liable to lcse things„and put the end of an umbrella or parasol, with disastrous results to such articles tut that it seems was the reason—to enable the women's tkirts to sweep the boards more effectually. The question of how and where women thould carry their purses, has never vet and probably never will be satisfacterily solved. Then to the futther ames.meet and &dish.: of the pickpocket cla.s, it has become the fashion nt late ;ears, to rz- ake the greatest peesible dis- play cf watches, and all slrts of danaling jewellery which has led to many street roblocries.not infrequmtly. accompanied with g,reat p.tsonal violence. Amongst the la,esr victims, was Lady Cram, the wife of tie Solicitor-General, who was forcibly robbed oeher me ses• sions by three or four roughs in broad daylight, in one of the fashionahlo quarters of London Not only did Lady Carson Irse her valuables, but she suffered greatly from the violence extend, d towards her. The greatest sympathy will he felt tor Lady Carson, and one may perhaps hope that the affair will induce the authorities to adopt sterner measures against highway robberseand Hooligan lawlessness. Grouse are cheaper than trual this year, and on the whole game promisee to be plentiful and moderate in price during thee& son: What with the abundance ot birds and with most of the moors in full swing, the price of grouse is fully half-a-crown per brace lees than "'bait one has usually tn pay for them at this time ef the veer. The pries is also influenced be the fact that Area" quantities of birds are kept from sea.on to sewn In refrigerators. Formerly the glut of game was sold off at the end of the shooting season. Now it is kept in cold storege, and realises much lecher prices at the opening of the following season. There is however, all tbe difference between last year's birds and this, and cons, quently some care is rcqoired in marketing, in order to be sure that one is getting what ore la payirg for. . " MADGE."

lei

ez_tg

AND A LAD?:

'if yr? 80l

John Bourke's' face chang,ed• under my-eyes: •• A- slow -flush rose to hie sforeheail,• an he slightly compressed hiris lips with aNettpleseion. which was like the ,infoluptary,wince of a stotry, yet-sensitive, liature'beneath. an uneseected llotr. • • "Do you think that so strange? he said. "1 have got used to it. , I have had. it.foc,a long,time. ,But !at • present there's something • much more -.important to, think about than the scar on my anis ;, wbjch is, for-Mrs. Jennett to get you into , dry,. 'clothes. It is late, and'you are very, very tired. fshall leave you for to'-night., and to-morrow morning, perhaps, you will let use call and see how you are." I felt abashed, as if I had beer.: guilty of. an :unwarrantable impertinence. ' He had ..81)01,en:, courteously'and kindly, but, it-, was plain that the subject of the heart-shaped-scar was forbidden. I. Was snore curious than ever even 'seemed to-me , that I had a right to My curiosity, it' lie- kneW all.' But I instantly detenuined that I would not again ask questions.. , "Good-bye; and thank you ,for 'all you have done," I said, meekly. . • • •

. , . At the door he tur-ned. "Promise me one thing before I go. That , you will not leave this house until you have seen me again." "I do promise that," I responded, after -an instant's hesitation.

"And I trust you—entirely." Then he was gone. Mrs. Jennett ministered to all my physical , comforts. I was:given a delicious hot bath, that drew the ,aching (int of my tired body; I' Was "pnt into a lavender-scented, old-fashioned night-goWn of coarse linen, and at last I Was tucked up.in bed, "Could you eat anything before You goae slecl3, my dear?" inquired the little woman. '"A .wing of cold chicken, now; and a glass of wine ? " The suggestion was irresistible. I tried to say: "Yes, if you please," without a tell-tale, greedy eagerness. But I had had nothing to eat all day save the one thick slice of stale bread on which 1 had gloomily made my breakfast. She bustled promptly away, and I was left alone to think, My thoughts roving back over the day which had been so crowded with events that its beginning' appeared to have been year ago. After Waterloo Bridge, this waking was like a resurrec- tion, and it seemed the more strange that almost the first thing I saw in the new world should be— the heart-shaped scar. t Though I had been permitted to look at. it but for a second's time, I could sea it still as if printed in colours in the air. In size it was slightly smaller than the mark I had 'snail good cause to remember on Lady Cope's arm, or that .other-which had belonged to the old mystery and created a new one as well, it was of a less deep pansy-purple than its prototype, but otherwise it appeared to be the same. As I pondered, marvel- ling at the strangeness of the coincidence (which must be far more than a mere coincidence), Mrs. Jennett came back. And when I had eaten the chicken and sipped the port, my brain grew blurred with sleep. I remember nothing more; until' I awoke in the morning. ; At first 1 thought that I was quite well again, but I soon found out my mistake. I had 'taken a feverish cold, and though I tried to get up, I was ordered back to bed by Mrs. Jennett. , My head .ached so dully, and my brain felt so weary, that I had not the energy to oppose her, or even ,the desire to ask questions. A doctor was called in, and afterwards sent medicine, which I reluctantly swallowed. For three days' ad nights• I lay in bed, and sometimes I think I must. have been slightly delirious, for I heard myself saying words , over which my mind had no control, and I saw 'I Mrs. Jennett's face as through a mist, regarding ins oddly. But at last the burning heat in my veins and the throbbing in my temples .died away. I felt ' strangely peaceful, though very weak, and Mrs. Jennett said that, if I liked, I might be dressed in a wrapper and lie on the deck-chair in Mr. Bourke s study. "Mr. Bourke's study!" I echoed. "Why—does he live in this house ? "Oh, deary me, didn't you knew ? " exclaimed the little woman. "Then I suppose I've put may foot into it again." "He said he would take me to his relatives, when ' •I told him that I had no one to go to," I explained, Nyondering how much of my-Story—as-John Bourke .knew it—Mrs. Jennett had heard. "Are you a relative of his ? "

_ "N—ot exactly," she faltered. "I think he's nearly as badly off for people of his own-is you seem to be. But I'm just as fond, and 'proud of him, too, as if I were his mother. And she'd be a lucky woman if she was alive to-day!" , "So he brought me to his house!' I reflected, aloud. "Oh, now, don't you be thinking, my child, that he's done anything imprudent from your way of looking at it, or anything you might ever have to regret. He's too wise for that, and too good. ,The houso is my house, and he's my lodger, you might say, if that doesn't sound disrespectful or ,impertinent, after all he's done for me." "Is he in his study?" I asked, rather shyly. "That he isn't. He's not been inside the house, except to call and ask after you (which he's done twice every day) since the evening you came. He went that night to an hotel, and there he is at this moment."

"I've driven him out of his home, then!' I cried. "He wouldn't like to hear you say that. AAd it isn't the way he feels about it, my dear. Why, if you'll excuse the,expressfon, since you've been getting better, it he's '' happy as a child with a new toy. But there! I'm just hindering you. You'd be better off downstairs. It will amuse you, looking at some of his books. Besides, there's something waiting for you in the study that you're sure to like." My curiosity thus stimulated, I hastened the process of bathing and dressing, Mrs. Jennett acting as maid, brushing and braiding my hair in a groat wavy plait down my back. As she flatteringly exclaimed over its length and thickness, I watched her moving hand that wielded the brush! It was S a very pretty brush, with a silver back, and there fwossraalles°llirsb. Jet°mnnaetteth'; which urprised me a little. other belongings, so far as I had seen, were as plain as they were neat. "Now, don't think me an extravagant old body!" she ejaculated, seeing the direction of my eyes. "These things aren't mine. Mr. Bourke bought them the morning after you came, -and told me I was to use 'em for you. The big citt-glass scent-bottle on the table there, too, with the eau de Cologne I put on your forehead when you were so bad; that was his thought. And see here. Your own underthings are ready for ,you again, but, man as he is, he said tome: 'She has nothing loose and comfortable to wear when she's getting better'. I'll send something in.' I could have offered you a wrapper, but it would hardly. have been fit for a beautiful young thing like you. Which was what he had in his mind, I expect; though he wouldn't risk hurting my feelings by saying so. Now, what do you think of this? Mrs. Jennett opened a drawer, whisked some- thing out, threw off a loose layer of tissue-paper, and with pathetic.delight held up a garment of white, soft satin and lace. "Bought at Liberty's," she exclaimed, almost in awe. "The name was on the box. What do you think of it?" . "That—that Mr. Bourke ought not to have done this," I stammered, on the verge of tears. Mrs. Jennett's quaint, rosy apple face straightened into lines of distress. "Oh dear!" she ejaculated. "Perhaps I oughtn't to have told you. He didn't' say not, that I can remember, but I daresay he took it for granted I'd have sense enough to keep it to myself.' She, too, was almost crying. My first impulse had been to refuse to wear the elaborate tea-gown which I owed to a stranger's charity, but her grief disarmed me. 1 knew that any slight put upon her idol (it was easy to see that John Bourke was that) 'would hurt her far more than the cruellest insult to herself. So, much against my will, I let her help me into the garment, reminding myself that at worst it was only borrowed, and determining to fight out my grievance with the man for myself. In my pahniest days I had possessed nothing more beautiful, and I experienced a very curious sensation in wondering if he had used his own taste in the selection, troubling himself so much for me. , On the deck-chair in the study, where I had awoke to a new world the other night, were three

or tour ruined silk cusbions or pretty pale tints, ich I was sure ' had not been.-tipre before. But is time Mrs. Jennett was the soul of discretion, there were a secret Which she might have 3;rayed. She merely pointedle a great bunch of 'hit a lilac in a vise tbittable, saying: "Those are for y 4 . From—from Mr. wtte and. me.!! . Then, before .r;could—scritiver, she had begun bustling about the room, drawing down the 'blinds so that the light did not come into my eyes as I reclined on the big chair, and asking me what books I would like to have from the shelves.. Need a magnificent collection fok al 10l eftveera very thing worth reading which ITErlitgiclieterfttivartyrintrtrir'lesnitd-- sounding books which I never had heard of,' lined the walls.

mine, not his at all for the pi and let him in myself." Two minutes later and she was back again, peeping through a crack of the door. "It was Mr. Bourke," she announced. "He's delighted to hear that you're downstairs, feeling better; and herd be glad to see you for a few moments if you are quite up to: it. But you are hot to say Yes' other- wise; for he will come back to-morrow." "Please tell him I shall be pleased to see him," I replied, with an attempt at indifference of tone; but in reality I was curiously excited. Mrs. .;Jennett disappeared; and when Mr. Bourke came I she was not with him. The blood tushed up to my face as I saw his upon the teqaown, and brighten into a smile of pleasure. I hid almost forgotten it rsr , the moment, but his look brought back all my If resentment. , "I had to wear it," I cried. out, like .a -child, I! "or poor Mrs. Jennett would have been liqq. But ! I am vexed; mid grieved.. • You had no right to ; buy this gown for me." He blushed boyishlY, the sudden colotiii and look of embarrassment' making his grave facet appear very young. "Ctb, please: don't say that! he exclaimed, coming impulsively; closer to the deck- chair Which was my throne, then Checking himse° abruptly. "I'd rather ha`vii done anything thsh vex you. I didn't want ydu to know. I thought ' Mrs. Jennett would have managed without telling • you."

had no wish to read. I *as reckless, though not as unhappy as I ought to have been after .avaking with my past so ruthlessly at ,Waterloo Bridge; and my strongest . desire was for Mrs. Jennett' a compankonShi p; I wanted her to -talk to me; and deep , doiva under the surface of my thoughts I knew exactly on what subject I desired her to talk; though by no means did I coniess. this openly fd myeelf. I begged her to bring her sewing, ...or some sort of work; 'and sit with me, which she cheerfully consented thllo, after givinz,a few instructions to her maid-of-ill-workiwhotif I had not yetleen. At first I kr.imely intended to angle for informa- tioxii: withantietting,her ,understand what I wee about.; but it:Occurred to in that this Would be a dishoneurable mode of procedure, and I blushed at myself .for having entertained it. Because, .no matter what mistakes Mr. John Bourke had -made in his tactics, be had behaved generously and—l believed—meant chiloalrously by me. • "Do yO.ll .think Mr. -Bourke would mind my asking you a few questions about him ?" I hesitatingly began. °You knoll, :perhaps, hea' it was that—he brought me to. you ?' "I only know that he saw a lady almost fainting, and that she was too 11 to tell him' anything much about herself, so he thoughtishe would be better off with me than at a hospital," said, the' little old woman, clicking her needles over a 'pair of long •worsted stockings, which she wails buaily knitting—for him, perhaps. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind your -asking qUestions, and I should be only too pleased to answer 'em, for there's nothing in his whole life that I'm not proud to talk about. So then I did ask questions; timidly at first, eagerly as I Went on. And she answered with evident delight. Why; Mr. Bourke was the great Mr. Bourke. How extraordinary that those words should bring no light 'of comprehension to my eyes t." Where had I livedl:hat I hadn't heard of him Didn't I read the papers ?. Oh, I hadn't been allowed to read them ! That was quite a different thing. Some people were so 'particular with young girls; and quite right, too, no doubt. But as for,,Mr. Bourke—well, to begin at the beginning, itf watt just like a story-bOok. He'd been a poOr boy, without friends or money. He'd sold newspapers and run errands' in shops. Every penny he could save lie spent in buying books. He had taught himself to read, and he had gone to a night-school.. There he attracted the notite of the teachers, one oV3vhorn -got him apprenticed, to a firm of engineers., He was eighteen by that time, and he began to send articles to a London paper, which were published, and brought the 'author great praise. The editor found .out who he *as, and, taking a great fancy to tha wonderful. boy, sent him 'to Oxford, oa a non- collegiate. That was a hard life, so Mrs. Jennett had heard —to be among a lot of more fortunate young men, who had plenty of money and fun, but to remait an outsider. However, Mr. Bourke won many honours, and, ho wrote several books .on Socialism which made a great deal of talk among people who cared about such things. When he was only twenty-two, he was editiro, an important Socialistic paper • and now, though' he was but six-and-twenty, he Was a member of Parliament—a "Labour 'Member," Mrs. Jennett thought was the right name for it. And he made such brilliant speeches that all England talked about them. And Dukes and Duchesses, and Earls and Countesses invited him to their houses, but he would 'never go When he could help it. When he was at home she had orders invariably to provide enough food at every meal for several unexpected guests, and it was seldom that they failed to appear. Such guests! In rags, generally. And sometimes very distinguished men, friends of Mr. Bourke's, had sat down at the same table with them. He never apologised. There was a story &lit him, which Mr. Bourke did not know that she had heard, but the lady • concerned in it had told it herself to Mrs. Jennett one day when she had called at the house and waited a long time, hoping in vain that Mr. Bourke would come in. A beautiful young lady she was, too, and very rich. Who knew but; after all, he Would marry her one day? If he did, with her money and position to help him on, why, he might rise 'to be Prime Minister of England. But the story—oh, yes, 'Mrs. Jennett would tell Mr. Bourke had once been persuaded to dine at the house of this young lady of whom she had just spoken. Nobody else had been asked, and after dinner the lady had begged Mr. Bourke to tell her how she might begin to work as a Socialist —because she believed in the doctrines he taught. "You can begin by washing the flour from the hair of my brothers in your hall," lie had said, meaning he footmen, of whom the lady kept several in livery and powder. At first she was very angry; but soon she forgave him, and liked him better than ever—she had remarked to Mrs. Jennett - .—for -being "so original and so daring." After- wards, she had sent Mr. Bourke her photograph, and Mrs. Jennett had recognised it at once as the portrait ef the charming young lady who had chatted with her for so long. I listened to all this gossip with a strange diversity of feeling. The part of the disjointed narrative which concerned the beautiful "woman in the case " fascinated me oddly. "I should like to see the picture !" I said, ratber wistfully, at, last feeling even more insignificant and vaguely home- sick than I had felt before the story began. Mrs. Jennett rose and went to the mantelpiece, returning in a moment with a framed photograph in her hand. With an air of importance, she placed it in mine, and as my eyes fell upon those that looked out from the picture I gave a low cry of surprise, almost alarm.

- -CHAPTER XIV. TILE WOMAN \VITO WOULD BE A EOCIALTST.

It was a beautiful face, and I knew it well. Now, my heart gave a quick throb as I gazed at it. For the woman who owned it belonged In that part of my life which had come before the deluge. She was of the "ultra smart " set, which for a little while had petted and welcomed me as a promising debutante. She had been "nice" to file; but I had not valued her kindness highly after hearing her remark one day, with: a characteristic laugh: "I always make a point of being charming to girls; one never knows whom they may marry." . Looking at her "counterfeit presentment," taken (in a ball dress with becoming background of ermine) by the most popular woman-photographer of the moment, I seemed to hear her sweet, though slightly metallic voice saying the words again. . . .

gle vould, according to her maxim, ti.o longer care to charm me, since it was now certain that if I ever married at all, it would not be a man of importance._

go Lady Feo Ringwood was a disciple of John Bourke, the "man of the peoplb I I could imagine nothing more incongruous than that she shonld•advertise herself as a "socialist."

She was a young widow, the daughter of an impecunious Earl. The middle-aged City knight whom she had married when she was eighteen had --4z4nstely died three years later, leaving his all to her. She was now five-and-twenty, with a beautiful house in Park-lane, and more money than she could well know what to do with. I had met her so often during my butterfly days that it seemed strange I had never met the man she apparently delighted to honour. nut, then, those butterfly days had been so few; and Mrs. Jennett declared that her hero went as seldom as possible into society. Somehow, I did not like to think of Lady Foo Ringwood as a friend of John Bourke's • and the sight of her portrait in his study brought use so nearly into touch with old times that I felt vaguely disturbed. I had disappeared from Lady Feo's set for ever; and I did not relish the thought of being discovered, the miserable secret of my Easel-street connections rooted up, perhaps, and discussed as a spicy bit of scandal in drawing-rooms. While [lay with time photograph in my band, there was a ring at the door-bell, and a light tapping of the knocker. That's 3lr. Bourke, I'm sure, come to inquire how you are!" exclaimed Mrs. Jenne* jumping up front her chair. "lie won't use h. key and walk in, because he says the house is Tours and

)resent. 111 just run

I must forgive you, since I am sure you meant to be so kind,' I said,t more gently. "At leas' will, if you'll tell me one thing." "I can almost promise, for such a bribe, that I will." "Why are you suddenly so different from what you were a few nights ago, when you came to ms at the bridge? You are more like what I remember of you the first time." "Thank you for remembering at all. But that is another thing I must ask you to forgive me for; the way I behaved to you at Waterloo Bridge. It was the only thing to do, you know-;-to be giqn and stern. But-,it was not what was in my. heart. I wonder if I dare tell you what Was really there ?" I looked up at him half-startled. But I said: "Yes, tell me." And I Made a -sign that he should sit down in the chair ,left not far off from my side by Mrs. Jennett; • , "it may be presumptuous for a man like me to pity a woman like you," he began, slowly, tven shylj. "But I did pity you then, with an infinite pity. If I had been your 'brother I could not have felt greater sorrow and tenderness. I thought how you must have suffered, and it seemed cruel that you should have to suffer. 'You are almost a child still, you see, and I had thought of you so many times after that first meeting at the theatre, as girl born to happiness and good fortune. I shall never forget how I felt when you turned your face as—as I held you back from that mad plunge, and saw—it was you. I could not believe my eyes for a moment." • "Nor I mine," I said, softly. "It. seemed Yen strange that you should come to my rescue for the seqond time.' "Do you forgive me for what must have seemed like harshness and lack of sympathy?" he asked. "There's nothing to forgive. Only everything to thank you for." "Then you do thaok me?" he questioned, eagerly. 'You aren't Sorry now that I forced you back to life?" "I ought to be sorry," I said. "Nothing is changed. I have as little to live for as I had then, as little chance of redeeming miserable failures. Yet—l suppose because I'm young and the love of life is instinctive, now that—that there's sunshine, and I'm not faint with hunger and dropping with weariness—l can't feel all sorry." "Good Heavens You were hungry!" he ejaculated, in an odd voice. "How terrible—how unbelievable " I could not help laughing, though I really did not feel like laughing at all. , "Not so very terrible to be hungry," I returned. "But now, looking back upon that night, the blackest Fever knew, I think, perhaps, if I hadn't been physically so weak I might have been mortar stronger. Of course, it was cowardly to do what meant to do, though I'd just persuaded myself that it wasn't—when you came. I hope that I shall never be so wicked again. And I shall not even think of it, if only I can get work. 1 did try so hard before, but I had no luck. Maybe you will give me a little good advice how to find it." He looked me earnestly in the face. "I didn't dream it was .that kind of trouble,!" he said. And I thought that, for some reason, his eyes expressed relief. "I suppose not," I rejoined, with a smile that was not very gay. "When you saw me first 1 didn't appear exactly a candidate for the workhouse, but I was, even then, though I didn't know it myself. And the other night—well, that frock and hat were made before I realised that I was a beggar." Suddenly, when I had gone so far, I was over- come with an irresistible desire to tell him my whole story—that part of it which concerned myself alone. I had not intended, even a moment before- hand, to confide in John Bourke or anyone else; but his eyes dwelt on me with a yearning look, and the words spoke themselves. I told him myraame, which he had not known before; that I had thought myself Sheila Cope, and found that I was Jenny Harland, for Harland, I had learnt, was my own father's name. I told John Bourke that Lady Cope had died on the very night when I had seen him first. That I had lc.' my home, and the money which would have come to me if I had really been Lady Cope's daughter. I even went faltering on, and to my own surprise was presently describing Easel-street, my mother. Fan and Totsey, and Tom Stephens, Fan's lover. I said little of Sir Roger Cope or his attitude towards me, save that ho had inherited everything; but when my companion spoke at last, it was to begin with Roger Cope. "Don't think me very impertinent," he said, having heard me to the end without interruption; "I don't speak out of idle curiosity. But—didn't Sir Roger Cope want you to keep your old home— only in a way to which you couldn't consent?" "Yes," I rather reluctantly admitted. "And you ran away from him, and from every- thing? And lie didn't write to you, or come to see you, though he knew your address ? " "lle, came the very day I left Easel-street. I suppose you'll think I'm always running away?" I said this laughing, and no •prophetic instinct brought the tears instead. rife came to make the same offer again?" I nodded. ' "Do you like Sir Roger Cope?" abruptly. "No-o, I never did. Though I could not have explained why till " "Well, then, perhaps you won't mind my telling - you what has struck me. I don't- know Sir Roger Cope personally, bat I know of him. He is pcp liar, I fancy, in his own set; and he is called clever in his profession. But he has shewn the iron band under the velvet in his treatment of you. I heard that lie had come into a fortune through the dea'll of it relative, and that a girl who had believed herself the heiress had gone abroad to live, on an allowance made by hint. No doubt that's the version' which has been given out, for the benefit of those who knew you. And I, not know- ing the name of the ladies I had very impertinently followed from the Lyceum, didn't for an instant associate the story with you. Now I believe that Roger Cope is even a inure unscrupulous man than you have thought him. Did you connect your failure at the employment agencies in any way with him ?" , "No," I responded in surprise. "Well, I do. I think it is not at all unlikely that he paid some person to watch your movements, report to him, and prejudice the minds of the noyents you had applied to against you with soma falsehood." . "What Abject could lie have had for being so gratuitously cruel ?" I cried. "I may be doing the man a hideous injustice,* sa,id John Bourke, "but the object which he might have had is easy enough for anyone except an un- suspecting young girl to see. /Te wanted you to marry him; you refused. He, indirectly, sent you away to a place where lie knew you would meet with humiliations and deprivations beyond any- thing you had experienced. Then he might bilge' resolved to turn the screw tighter and prevent yot. escaping c to more endurable surroundings." "1 di'd• suspect that lie had waited he'fore coming to see me until I should have grown nearly dee. per.ste. But I never thought of the other 13P.rie • Even now it sounds too horrid to be possible." "I hope it is not possible," said Mr. Bourke. ' "Surely you don't suggest that he hired the woman to pick my pocket and add almost the last feather to my burden ? " "No, I stopped short at that in my accusations. Bust it isn't beyond believing if he paid certain persons to keep an eye on you." "If that be true, thank Heaven he must have lost sight of me now," I said. • "Ile shall not find you again if I can help it. Not while you desire to keep out of his way. And as for work, you shall have it. I promise von. as

v)on as you are strung 'enough. Aleady, if you NVill forme me agaiv,, Ave thought of a plan, and I'll rislet affeadingtyaa by proposing it.". "I shall be grateful, not offended, whatever it ms' Don't keen me in snarsquip." "Well, how should you like to learn type- writing, and, after a while,-if ou fancied it, shorthand too?" , ft. "` Like ' and fancy' nit Ina propriate words in my desptrate case4"il said. "But, as it hap- penS,' I 'should do•bethf. " "Very well, then, I'll. teach you typewriting .when you art stronger--in' a-few days, perhaps." "But I can't go on staying here—in your house." "It isn't my iliouse.?lt is Mrs. Jennett's. flutes you-are sdanxicins to get away you will be ..-elyiewinroesyr.tess.4eays or a fortnight's.titue.,.(lfjPa are quick at learning), to earn enough money for lodgings' of your own. " "Who would give a vrretoliadTamateur work," r asked, "when there must be so many clever girls . who are professionals ?" . . • "I will give you work. All you can do. Don't ' look like that, please. 1, It's no ..pharity,' I assure ' you. I have lost my secretary and I need another. You can learn typing ina week; and in three or four menths, in leisure-hours, you will have made good progress with shorthand. As for the machine, I have two, and :ode tthem I'll—lend to you." ' "Thank you for stopping to • think in time and not saying give,' " I laughed. I "How good it is to hear that laugh," he said. "Now, are you glad you didn't go down under the dark waters 3" • "Oh, so glad!" impulsively. I held out my ' hands and he caught them both, gripping Wein.; so tightly that the grasp gave me pain. Then„suddenly, he let my hands go, with a changing expression that I wished -I had the chic to read. • "Mrs. Jennett shill find you just the right rooms," he went on, with a hint of sadness in his • voice. "Meanwhile, you shall be practising your new art, which will be all the easier for you if you know the piano, as of course you do. And in a few days, perhaps, you will be able to move. Then • you.'.ll.be soon earning three guineas a week, on which, if you are a very prudent young lady, you . can live quite pinfortably." "Dear me, can I really earn as pinch ps,that by typewriting?" I asked, opening my eyes. "It is more than I could have hoped for as a governess. Even with my music and languages, the 'people' at the agencies told me, before they grew disagreeable, that I could not ask at most more than forty pounds a year." ; `Oh, well, you see, people often take advantage of their governesses; whereas expert typewriters are pretty well paid," he informed me with a grave face—so grave that I never thought of doubting him. "Shall I come back to-morrow with the machine, and give you your first lesson?" At the end of a week I could write very well. Mrs. Jennett had found me rooms, whith were to be ready in a few days, but as they were still in occupation, I must stay where I was till they were ; free. I had grown to love the study and every book in it. 1 should be homesick when I went away. As for John Bourke, I would not let myself think what it would be when the days should go by without a glimpse of him. 1 had begun to live in the present, little dreaming of the precipice that my feet had all but reached.

I

I

(To be continued.)

t-

•I

THE 1 RIALS OF MOTOR VEHICLES FOR HEAVY TRAFFIC.

aiddges' Awards. In connection with the motor trials ,inangurated the Liverpool S -If-Propelled Traffic Association held io June last, the following swards have, been made GOLD MEDALS :—CLASS A.—Load, 11 tons ; maximuui tare, 2 tens ; minimum level platform area, 45 squire feet ; minimum width of driving tFres,3 inches ; 8 miles Dor hoJr. George le Milne and Co, Limited. Motor Department, " 17, Bilirr:on-.treA, Oxford-Preer, W. CLASS B.—Load, 5 tons ; maximum tire, 3 too' ; dinimum lev,l plactorm area.7s q lare feet ; minimo(l3 width of driving tyres, 5 inches ;eped, 5 milt s hour. the Lancashire Steam Motor Company,L la"`" Near Preston. CLASS C. —Minimum load. 5 :rims ; no tare limit mldih nirauof dmlreivvn eilgplatytftoer,lm. elatiea, 95 square feet ; wi dines spied 5 miles Pe' boor. The Thornycrott Steam Wagon CompacY• Limi'ed, Chiswick and Baainqstoke. Cuss D.—Minimum load, 3 tons ; no tare limit; !WI platform area not spec.fild; minimum width of driv 0° tyres, 4 inches : speed, 5 miles oer hour. The Thornr croft steam Wagon Company, Limited, and T Couldr ard and Company, Limited, Cooper-road, Prestou; filmnse MEDAL :—lne Mann Paten: S;eam CArt ana Wagon Company, Limited, Canning Works, Dewobury- road, Leeds. as* WARRINGTON ROAD SWEEPER KILLED.

- • „4,,,, r..^. * ii 6 - or"- . ,-11' '",-. • - ' '::_.... .., . .! i' 4-..' 'l7- tt- /' ' -7.--:--- ' •r: n # ." '; • , ~...."----- 1 ' - A ...., '7414. --. --i-.-='• ' ..; . 'CI/ ''. ' • . ' ".. • ' -i)4111

.., ~,,,,,...., , c./..--,,-..<;..... , . L.„.......:,,„*„ . 4,,,,,,- . . , . • ill ' :,,,iyippitti. , ii,,..„,,,.!,,,,,„ , ,••,,,, .±._ ~, , l' or/ r' 14 ~ p- , ',"//, ~ :11 ',,, 1 • / , / C4p; y # ;'? 1: ) . h:;, ; ~ it ..,. 1., '9l 1 , fi, ,',l 1 , , , 47, , ~• -,,, - , i• . ~, • . , ~ ..)..,- ~.1, , \, ~ -,‘ g.„ ~ •:,,t- \\ i,•/// • t .ii k . ,t, - i • i., - ,- 1,

„ ^1 167?)..% ... . • ;i;*7'' ' .......--,...--- - r:;1:: -----d. • ' No. if „.., , •' I -4.,i,- ~,,,,,-, ~, • - . '.41.,•-__ .....,—:.• -I_ltl . _,--,-7,4litzi -°"-;--- --'7--- ~ •--..:12- if .v • -,-,=-. 40v, --"‘-•, -.- / 4 WA.' rIl 11 1 , u- La f=l:4 (4.1'...::;' 41; :... .. - ~.... 4,_ ,•-. i 3,,,,•,..-0 4 `lv•lii ': I [1: z '--.;',.. k..,„.! 7114 ~: !• , 11' 1, „..101i i I ,;....,1,., • ~.,- 1 •1,...,,,,.-:,,,,....\, 1 \ • ... . 4. ~, ~.,. ~,,,„k iiii,.. - 'Y't‘i..i.-,-..-::: ..i- i _ . , _ ..,...,., .....x

Instrument - - - Of Bold-street, Liverpool, Advt. otatmitri- • If •r-rt -PiNt; MANDOLINRS 170119, &c _ _ •

i .. , T Ngli GREATTAX "/1 that is levied upon your constitution by Indigestion f , .../ ....; /- ~ demands relil in a remedy . / • * .... like •,,, ,'4 41 • ? l'''' ,lo f,r . tWeY Otit. WyA •i) ' ; -':. '': :i 1 4 4 s i 1 i 'i Pj. a . 34...".. AN 'l•'' 11 N., "It is Seigers ST-up v,-, num.," says Misi Williams, Ty c I'ol, :., "•.:,' Lyierrs rn go.f riliouCearnar::4 "" Ar •,, sufferings (eausa7l. try" indigestion): 4 ' Seigel's Syrup restored health and strength.—Sept. 4th, • '" MO." If you are ill, you will find . lfii . , ~. that Seigel's Syrup is a saving . •,,,, 0 N YO UFt •' ' . f ' 'ft INCOME - g A - . . . -, '

===== 0002601_19010823_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 3901

===== 0002601_19010823_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
COLMAN'S STARCH

See that

Colman's Name and

Sold in Cardboard Boxes.

are on the Box.

the Bull's Head

SC 4:l' -*" '

===== 0002601_19010823_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
hi

Sad Accident in Factory-kane.

A road sweeter in the employ of the Warrington CO; potation, riamsn Joseph Hatton, 71. years of age. an residing at 51. Eqesmere-street, died in the Intim:Al; last Friday evening from ths eff,cts of trjuriect received whilst following his employment It previous Monday morning. Is appears that deceased was engaged in sweeping Fac.or7; when one of the horses attach, dto a " turnnier, in which the refuse was conveyei, WWI startled Ll whistle of a railway engine and bolted. Is collideA with another tumbler and the deceased was knocke"d down by the latter vehicle, sustaining crushed ribs 020 Fevere internal injuries. He was removed to t" Infirmary and died at the time stated. The ii q rest was conducted at tie Police S•ati'n Monday afternoon by Mr S. Brighouse, Coroner. The Deputy rown Clerk (Mr Stanley and the Borough urvayor (Mr T Longdin) represented the Corporation and Mr Crompton (Messrs Browne 06 Crompton) appeared on behalf of M-ssrs Buckley Ei"ro Company. contravors to the C )rporation and ostoe of the vehicles in goestion. je- The first witness vial Jon Hatton, or of the .j ceased, who reside. at 302, Liverpool-road. He ftat-o. that his father was 71 years of age and was a haboor.oB in the employ of the Corporation. He was a vFry man for his age. Witness had seen him several since the data of the accident and he told him that horse which tn( k fright was a vary T... 9 less on'• for ceased had been in the employ of the Corp 'ration four year. Toe C Toner 3 'id he appreciated the Corporets/":v fiction in employing mm of the thc4ased's age. -9t generally very diflbult for such men to get ac 11 all. 0081. John Jon's, • carter, residing at. 50, Welli=gtoo-2„r said alit he was in charge of a horse and tutol; eet- the morning.in qu tion and the deceased w's tre ism the road. As they were passing under" P 1 oft railway !with e an engine whistled, an bead tors(' started off. Witness stuck to 115 buss,' and after running about twenty yards this ~d ttie quietened down. Tile enitiro "gain aphis leo s horse gave an "awful jump" and bolted, witneoS.ding thrown to the grnued. Another tumbler was st!!' p. ~,010- about thirty yards in front, and the two ded. Deceased was unable to got out of the Isrinarf. was run over. He was at once taken to the The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental de `"

===== 0002601_19010823_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
• 14 4 • a •

With Shampoos of Cuticura Soap and Light Dressings of Cuticura.

FOOTBALL.

Prospects of the olubs in Eariestown and Newton.

Notwithstanding the difEJulty which cropped up at tfiY annual meeting of the Earlestown Football Club Zlktleo the wroole of last year's Committee, together with Secretary and Treasurer, refused to otancktor :lection, and which n-ce•sitated toe meeting being „; ..I'.lourned.all arrangements have beryl made for running „‘na club anotheraelaon at the adj turned meeting the cecretary waa prevailtd upon to serve for another year, and this led up to the Infinity of the old committee being re-appointed. Nearly all last season's Players veiil be availatile—Chew (goal), Cotton, Hayes and Le ' (backs), P-atniogtou, Green and Clibborn (half backs). Sou ley, Wnitehouse, Ellis Brown and Leach (forwards). Torn Lee, who has played for Pair and St. • Berens, aro Wilson, a local youth. brother to the Liverpool 'Player of that name, nave both signed on. E ,vilestown will figure in a new 8:. Helens District Cnarit7 Com- tretition. The following is a list of the fixturrs . " .B:pt 7—Snithport Central 14—Lancashiro Senior Cup , 21—English Cup 28—Darwen Away h Cup , ~ 12-1) Jocaster Rovers „ 19 —Stilly bi idge Rovers 28 —Pr 'scot Nov 2—E igli)ti Cup 21—Doncaster Rovers .„ 23—Workiegtou Away „ 30 —Chcrley Home Dec 7—Workine.)tou nom, If 14—Haydock 21—Stalybridge Ituyer6 . a way 25-8 ii hport A way ~ • 26—Present 'Home ~ 28- Warrington Jan I—S-. FI-lens 4—Wigan 11—St. Helens Home 18 —Wigan Iret. 15.—Presc .. 22—Rochdale • Away • Mar I—Haydock • 15 —Damen 9, 22—Present Away 28—Rochda1e (G. .11.) U me ~ 29 —Chorley Away Z. 31—St. Helena (E. 51.) Away "Pe 3.9-st. He'eas Away • The ill ii that the Newton F.C. esperienced during •last action has served as an incentive to them in their efforts to get together a representative eleven for the coming campaign. There is only one thing that the club's supporters regret, and that is the departure of G. livughton their popular skipper who will this season seen In the ranks of the neruSt Helorna Club. Being 'aiPloyed -outside the village, he found it impossible on e3485' occasions to ,get to Newton in, time for the start, this being the onlytteason for thechaoge. Acbowever b,e, inteeds to renasin an amateur he may occasion- ally be Been in the, Newton colours. Nearly all the old DlaYers have signified their intention to turn cut whilst °"l7ttlal new signatures have been obtained. The full list 0. players is as tollows :—A Horrocks. J Hatton, ; J Raynor, G Ashton, W Ashton, (books) ; G trrisee • 13 Worsley. J Morrisev.D Bonito.), J Williams, " Dell, C Price, (half-backs); P Ronny, F Butter. R Lee. , Hill. w H Mayor, C Thirkell, C Broster, (forwards). Toe Committee are also negotiat- ing for the transfer of an old first league player, a full back who will undoubtedly prove ,an acquisition O theteam surrnid his signartire be obtained. J Raynor l4l.captain tale team,whilat C Hill will act as his under- stady•• a. much needed iniprovernent will be the widen- ing of the would which is now going on apace, and which aril be completed in the course of a week or two. The club will again figure in the Combination and ith the least hit of that luck which was conspicuous by itß absence last season, here is every re taon to believe that a far diff:q•ent ialsition will be attainel in the , .eague table when aceounte are squared up. They have entryed for both the Wi,ran ana Warrington Cups. in both of which competitions thsy figured very promin- ently lasti season, working their way to the final in .each case and then only 13,:ing beaten after a bard -struggn. Toe Rovers h4ve also made all the necesaary arrange- ments and are hopmg to have quite as good if not a b.tter' season than they had last year. In addition to all their old, players, severisl new faces will be seen in the team this season. One or two local youths of great tpromitie have been signed On, chief amongst then being a sturdy little forward named Valentine, who 'Played in the Medal Competitions at the close of last •ee"soo. and wha exhibited rare dash and skill in all noiats of the game. The only new player from 'outside the disttiel is J Clieadle who hails from Rtinford. W Harvision and R Frarkland, 131.1ttl of whom Previously placrd with Newton have been signed, as also have T Whin and J Aldridge. both local players_ Aldridge is an old exponent of the game but was sirpended three years ago for shady 'tactic.% The Club have again joined the Liverpool Ama- teur. L'ague in addition to which they have entered for • the Wigan and Warrington Cups. They ploy tneir first "Patch on September 7.h when trey meet Skelmersdale "Swifts at Skelmersciale whilst the following week they Meet one of the new members of the League Futton Commercial at Earlestown. At the present t me there does not seem much interest taken in junior football in tho district, very little effort ,ileing made to rat two or three of these useful organ- isationa going. Per-maps one club will start with the 'eoening of theseason and then others are sure to follow ita example.

90 Oct

.4

This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates hair folii= des, supplies the roots with energy and nourish- ._ _„ ment, and makes the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails.,* Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap' Exclusively for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleans- ing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for sopening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, aucr sore hands, in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and chafings, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women and mothers, and for all the purposes, of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have once used it to use any other, especially for preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children. CUTICIIRA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from CIITICURA, the 'great skin cure; with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower vodours. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be com- pared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, viz., ONE SHILLING, the BEST Skin and complexion soap, the BEST toilet and BEST baby soap in the world. _

Cuticura Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, consisting of Ctrrictrna SOAP (18.), IC cleanse the skin of crusts aud The Set 6,.., scales and soften the thickened cuticle, CUTICURA OINTMENT (Is. ed.), V —0 • to instantly allay itching and irritation and soothe and heal, and CUTl- curtA RESOI.VENT (2s. ed.), to cool and cleanse the.blood. sold thrOughout the world ; or, post- paid, of F. NEWBERY & EoNS, 27, Charterhouse Square, London, E. C. POTTER DRUG AND CIIEX. COltP, Sole Prone.. Poston. U. S. A. •

===== 0002601_19010823_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MY NATIVE HILLS.

r'roM mountain tops descending to the plain, In peace 1 viewed my native fields again ; l'ht, whitened house upon the green old hill, Sunshine and shadow lingering o'er th3m still. ihe crystal stream which gathers as it goes, And rippling through tne peaceful valley flows: While on its bank i rich woods in beauty vie, Through which the rustling winds of autumn sigh. When oorml clouds break on the mountains breast, And floods of rain o'er all the valleys rest ; "O'er boulders huge the tumbling waters splash, And through deep rocks the roaring torrents dash. When days are short and autumn's soft winds blow, When nights are cold and all is white with snow 'vbenstars so brightly glitter in the sky, • Sublime in splendour are the mountains high. When spring returns how fresh the sunny air, ,Amid these scenes so lonely, sweet and fair; , " here brock and calder travel to the sea, ' Where I was born and would for ever be. , Compelled by fate in early rears to stray, 1,...And wander from my chilcnood's borne away ; "rt.-nigh life fot ever must the wish remain, To live beside my native hills again.

S. KENYON. Warrington, August, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

The following is a list of the officials appointed la; the Northern Union Committee : Northern League. SEPTEABER 7.

Halifax v Broughton Rang..rs.—Referre, J H Smith (Widnes); tOuch-judges, T H Mantuan (Bradford) and W II Bairsto W (Hunstet). Hul. v Runcirn —Re.erpp, W M'Cut^hPon (Oldhsm) ; toucti-juiges, J U Skinner (Elalifax) and AI Csrr (Huns- let). kluos'et v Bradford.—Referee, T Oakland (Ontvrood Church) ; touch-judges, A Brown (Brignouse) and W H Shsw (Batley).

1.7 g v Oldham. —Refered, J E Newton (Altrinrham); touch judges' M'Gowen (Broughtcn Rangers) and C Jones (Salford). Salford v Brighouse Rangers.—Referee, F Renton (Hunslet) ; touch-judges, W Lancaster (ROchdale) and F Hancock.; (Runcorn). Warrington v Batlay.—Referee,W Robinson (Manning ham), touch-j idgev, B H Moore ((Wham) and T L Brimelow (Salford). SEPTEMBER 14. Batley v Oldham.—tteferee, J Priestley (Salford) ; touch-judgPv, T H Marshall (Bradford) and A Brown (B,ighodse). Bradford v Warring' oo.—Referee.i H Smlth(Widnev); touch-judgrs, E H0,1'3 (Huddersfi Id) and A Brrry , Erighodae Rangers v Hurslet.—Referee. T Oakland (00, wood Church) ' • tourb-judges,A Smith fiaitlax) and Edmondson (Bratitord). Brouchtou Rangers v Hull —Referee, W Robinson (Maaniagbam) ; toucb-judges, G Wightman (Swinton) and G MIA7O (Bradford). Fluddersfi.ld v Swiaton.—Refered, W M'Cutcheon (Oldham); touch-judges, A Brook (Brighouse) and J W P "o.er (Hull). Runcorn v Loieh.—Referee, B Aehton (01Ahan:) ; touch-judges; A Jones (Warrington) acd E Beswick (Swinton).

Lancashire Senior Competition. SEPTEMBER 7.

St. Helens v Wigan.—R4eree, J Priestley (Salfne) ; touch-judges, W Wallwork (Leigh) and A Jones (War- rington), ' Widnes v Rochdale —R4sree, S (Salford) ; touch-judgee. G Robinson (Runc-ircl and T Barnes (Warrington). Storkoort v Altincham.—Referee, P Ingham (OM- ham) ; t-nich-jiidgee, G Wightman (Swinton) and H Bentley (Radcliffe). Ddillom V Lancaster.—Referee B Ashton (Oldham) ; touch-judges, C Abraros (Barrow) and W J Dance ( Morecambe). Morecambe v Barrow.—Referee. J Kidd (Miliorn) ; touch-judos, T Wilkinson (Lancaster) and W Atkinson (Wigan). Birkenhead v Radcliffe.—Referee J Underwood Wigan) : touch judges, J Grabam (St. Helens) and J E Farrell (Widnes). SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. Rochdale v Hull Kingaton Rovers.—Referee, W Bair- stow (Hunslet); touch-judge?, R Abbey ‘Stocbport) and G t Street (Altrincham). St. Helens v Leinciater.---Referee, S E Newton (Altriucha-m) ; touchijudges, T Barnes (Warrington) and G Moore (Gideon's). Stockport v Millom.—Referee, F Kennedy (Brough- ton) ; touch-judges, G Jones (Salford) and J Rhodes (Rochdale). Moracamee v Wigay.—Referee, J Hancock (Runcorn); touch-judges, A Critchley (Widnes) and A Bootlawaite (St. Helens). Birkenhead v Wirtnes.—Rafew, Williama (Salford), touch-judges, G Taylor Orton) and •H Bentley (Radcliffe). Radcliffe v Altrincham.—Referee, P Ingham (od- ham) ; touch-jpdges, W H Taylor (Stockport) and W Lancaster (Rochdale). SEPTEMBER 19. Hull Kingston Rovers v Stocknort.—RefereN F Renton (flunelet) ; touch-judges, J Clifford kfludders- field) and T H Marshall (Bradford).

The Dispute at Messrs. R. Evans and Co.'s Collieries. The dispute which has been in existence for several months between Messrs R Evans and Coof Haydock, Gclborne, Sze, Rad their men has been brought to a satisfactory termination,and this week the revised fixed price-list vt ill be signed by both parties. One of the points in dispnte related to explosives, and the men have been allowed free ex- plosives where they, are getting C3al by day wage PUBLIC! BIINEFIT UNDRII viz cLocKroa BEST 800 TS Is LANCIA SHIBIL—Advt Local Wedding —Benson—Fletcher. An interesting wedding was solemnized at Cheadle Church by the Rev F A Macdona' the con- tracting parties being Miss Elizabeth Fletcher, second daughter of Mr Charles Fletcher, of Glen Garth. Marple, and Robert Storey Benson, second snit of Mr Robert Bet.s3n, Old Daltongate Hou e, Ulverston. The bride looked charming in grey silk cashmere and was given away by her father. The bride,maids were the Misses Nellie, Sissie and Florence Fletcher. sisters of the bride. Mr Harry , Gandy, of Virarringten, acted as best man. After the marriage ceremony a reception was held at the Junction Hotel, Cheadle Hulme, and at 530 the happy pair departed for Lytham where the honey- moon will be spent, with all the good wishes for a happy future. The bride's travelling dress was of navy blue with white facings. The wedding presents were numerous, useful and cistly. and amongst them were noticed the following : Mr C Fletcher, bride's father, cheque ; Mr R Benson., bridegroom's father, dinner service, &c., Miss Eva Benson, cruet stand ; Bernard Woodburne Benson, set of jugs; Mrs Robert Ben- son, bridegroom's mother, electro entree dish warmer; Gertie and Harry Benson, band-painted opals; employes of Mr R Lomas, marble clock; Miss Nellie Fletcher, case of silver salts; Mr R Lomas, Manchester, dressing bag; Sissey and Fiorrie Fletcher, silver-mounted (Wedgewood) biscuit barrel ; Misses theen, table lamp ; Miss Leaner, silver-mounted cake dish; Miss Viirdon, silver ink stand ;. Mrs Briscoe, case silver serviette rings; Mr James Needham, handsome counterpane; Miss Wise, silver jam spoons ; Mrs Mack," tray cloth ; Miss Lucas, basket chair ; Miss Dennett, gold brooch ; Mr William Parkinson (Warrington), dinner cruet; the Misses Benson's (Warrington), brass curb lire-irons and coal box; Mr W Benson (Warrington), cheque; Mr E Davenport, hand- painted brass-mounted fire screen; Mr Ronald McNaughton, breakfast cruet ; the members of the (,entury Tennis Club, case Of game, fish, and beef carvers; Mr and Mrs Turner (Junction lintel, Cheadle Tfulme), case of fish carvers and ease of fish knives and torks ; Miss, Bibby, Jam spoons and sugar sitter.

(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19010823_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER,

FRI i )AY, AVG, El

.an aces not niove anAncn in a 3111111071 years; ann. the ever-renewing hosts of life are flung against it, and perish before it, in vain. But youth, when it is tender of •lieart- and lofty 'f sou', does not believe this; it thinks such truths the embittered I exaggeration of cynics.

fri these times of anguish- Nerina, herself miserable, redoubled her devotions and attentions to her lady: a peaceh on a vine-leaf, a honeycomb on an old china platter, a trout from the river, a bunch of Centofoglie roses, a flask of Falerian— something or other she always found, and brought in, as an 'offering for holy days, and at night scarcely dared let herself sleep lest her mistress should be ailing and want her. Thom simple things were nothing in .themselves, of course, to the aching heart of the anxious mother; but to the affection of her homely servant, which sought for and found them, she, in all her - sorrow, was not insensible. The coming of the post was, as it is to sb many in days of suffering, the supreme event of the day. Nerina saw that the rare letters which did arrive brought tears more often than smiles to the worn face of the lady ;-.and.:when she took a letter•in her hand from the. postman at the house-door, she shook it, and.smelit-it, and stared at-it, and would have given her soul to have known what was inside it, so that if , it brought anxiety, she would have burnt it before it. could have reached Madame Tines , If she had known how .to read, she would not have had any scruples about opening an envelope tc see if the contents were messages of good or evil: and if she had found them the latter, would have thought it as right to have destroyed the missive as to stamp upon a scorpion. •With- strong and primitive natures fidelity does not hesitate at evil: if evil can spare ahy injury to the one beloved, it becomes ne longer an evil, but a duty, a virtue, a heroism. Nerina could not have reasoned about it, but it was thus that she felt. .To ,screen her lady from Calamity, there was no crime which would not. have seemed sanctified to her. One winter these uncanny atoms 'of written -paper, which bad such magical power (she saw) te wound and to delight seemed to cause continual anxiety to her mistress ; especially those which came from Rornanino. "He is vexing his soul again," thought Nerina. "0 Lord! why cannot he content himself with his brushes and sticks of Charcoal, and let the world mend its way itself, or roll out of purgatory into hell as it will." She had never heard of 11 Maretto of Brescia. But his was a kind of life she would have wished ' her young master to lead ; always in the same little city; always painting pictures of the sainte, growing grey in his native air, and leaving at *death his name as a sacred trust to his fellow- citizens—all his life a noble, calm, beloved figure, pacing the same 'stones froni the cradle to tho grave, and in his tomb beloved and honoured. ; in the spring which-followed that winter, the "Maladetta pri maven." of 1898, there was great • trouble in the country. There were riots in Many provinces, and hungry crowds pillaged and burnt, and the roar of cannon woke the echoes of many a street in many a town, and terror silenced the moans of a tortured people. In the little city of Maclaine Tina all was quiet. The echoes of the cannonades and the shrieks of the wounded did not reach this high crest of the rock, and the church belle rung as peacefully as ever, and the daffodils blossomed along the river banks, and the sun set and rose, and the moon- light shone on the red-grey moss-grown roofs; and only Madame Tina knew the terrible disquiet and desperation Which there were elsewhere. The letters told her—wicked, white owlets of woe, as they appeared to be to her woman. Romanino had crossetl from Venice to throw in his lot with the revolutionists in that terrible - Maggio Milanese, and had been fighting with the populace in the streets of Milan, and what had been his after-fate no one could tell. He had been seen and heard 'of in Lombardy, so much his mother only heard from others. In irresistible need of someone to share her torture of anxiety she told Nerina all she feared, one day, when the letter-carrier passed down the steep street and did not stop—the seventh time he had n6t stopped. She was anxious for all ; for the eldest in the Americas, for the second in Erithrea; but most of all for the youngest, the beautiful -ivy with his altruistic visions, hurled on the harsh reality of brutal facts, and probably flying for his life acros3 the Lombard Alps. . "Ser Romaninol 0 Ser Romanino " sobbed the servant, covering her head with her apron. She had him .fondled on her knee, , a child of four years old, like one of the golden-haired Putti on the church altar. But still her heart was wrathful and sore against him. He made his mother suffer. "What do all those other folks matter to him?* she thought, indignantly. "You should have kept him here, Madame," she said to her lady, "you should have kept him here, away from those mad, strange people." "By force?" answered his mother. "To see him die like a caged bird, beating his wings? Oh, no. Besides; believe me, he is right, he does right." Nerina, afraid she might utter hasty words, went away to her stove in the kitchen, and her tears fell fast into the hot charcoal and the palm leaf fan with Which she roused its sparks. They did not even knosi whether he were not dead in Milan or swept away into the crowded prison as so many others had been. The rest of the week went by ; seven more days, and still another seven, and there was no news. No one heard or knew anything except garbled information from public prints, and very little of that, nothing which anyone could be sure was true. News travels at all times very slowly ;still, to these isolated places, and in periods of insurrection, there is no information -at all which is act prepared and doctored by authority before it reaches the public. Again a third week passed, and Madame Tina heard nothing of her youngest son. She dared not make any inquiries lest she should do him harm; he might be dead or in prison. She could not eat or sleep. Her strength, never great, failed her entirely; and nothing that Nerina could do could give her hope or solace. She crept out to the old church and prayed there for hours-for her beloved boys. Never in her life had a lament escaped her, but now suffering broke down her patience and she Wailed aloud. ' "We bear them with pain, and rear them with hardship, and what is the use? We are like the poor COWS and sheep, who have all the woe of travail only to see their off-spring snatched away and done to death." "What can I do for her? " thought Nerina, in desperation. "I would cut off my right hand for her, and I can do nought." Madame Tina grew thinner and paler and niore shadow-like with every day which left her without news. She would not harken to her doctor, or take any tonic or cordial. "There is no cure for me," she said, "save to hear the voice of my youngest born." And perhaps that voice was for ever mute. "Hark ye, woman," said the old doctor of the town to Nerina where she W 133 beating linen in the river. "Whenever any letter comes to your lady you must bring it to me before she sees it, for if it give her 'bad news of the boy she will die on the stroke of it." •

"Bring'it to you? " said Nerina doubtfully. "Aye, aye," said the leech, "for if Romanino have beet), shot, as we think, it must be broken to her gently, very gently ; her heart is as weak as a thread of gossamer." The leech, the only one in the little town, was mold friend of the family, a grey-haired, brown faced, long, lean man, wrapped lip, no matter what weather it was, in a large black cloak,with slouch hat over his eyes. He was a familiar figure on the bastions and in the narrow streets, and kept a pharmacy where jars and vases and big- bellied bottles of old ina3olica were in company with bundles of dried simples and herbs and charms of the middle ages. He was greatly esteemed and respected. "How shall I know what letter comes from him?" she asked. "All letters look alike to me." "Then bring me all." said Ser Lillo, as he was called by his sick folks. "'Tis a matter of life and death to Madama Tina. If she have a shock she will die of it." And he argued the question so earnestly, so frequently, and with such persistence that she felt as if her mistress's life WAS in her hands. It was the letters, the cruel letters, which had been like a death-potion to her lady. "I have often a mind to fling them on the char- coal," she said. "They stab her to the heart liko knives." "No, no, that would be wrong," said the doctor. "They are not yours to destroy. Bring them to me. I will judge if they be such as Will .do her no harm. Of course, whatever news they bring she must know it some time, but softly, gently, by slow .degree." Was it right to do this? Nerina was perplexed. She always saw Ser Lillo respected and listened to by the inhabitants: 'He was a learned man who read and wrote, and .hel&the ',keys of the grave. She was a Door. iknorant soul. .Could she dars tat

===== 0002601_19010823_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A FAITHFUL SERVANT.

Dv OUIDA,

Author :,of "Under Two Flags," "Puck," "Two Little Wooden Shoes," "A Dog of Flanders," "Moths," "The Massarenes," &c.

Nerina Taccari was a woman of fortr•five years of age; she was a brown; ,comely, stout person, finely-built and strongly-made, with a smile like sunshine, and teeth as white as a dog's, and brown eyes which, Were apt to have storms in them at times when the stupidity or viciousness of other folk t provoked her: She, had been, both in a'little hamlet on the Sabine hills; high up on a mountain spur, where torrents ran, and snows often gathered; and, far down below, one of the greatest and fairest scenes of earth was outspread, as in frescoes by old masters a volume lies open on the knee's of Jehovah. She had been married at fourteen years of age to a herdsman of the Campagna, and before she was twenty had known most of the trials of life; hunger, ill-treatment, and the bearing and loss of children, the fatigue- of 'ill-fed toil, and the injustice of a spouse who expected her to make bread with stones. When she approached her thirtieth year her husband, after what seemed to her a lifetime of woe, was killed by one of his bulls ; the animal, goaded into just rage by his cruelty, felled and tossed him, and the whole herd passed triumphantly over his ,body, whiclu was trampled into a mere mass of bleeding grass- stained pulp. Nerina herself ,could not have recognised it when it was brought on a hurdle home to her hut, a conical pile of red tufa, Stones and turf, built _under the shadow.of the Castel Giubileo. Left withdut a support and ordered :by the owners of the herd to leave the tufa cabin, in which she and her spouse had lived, slue rent back' to her own people in the, hills, and thence into service with a family she knew, to get away from the many miserable memories, and hunger and toil, which had been alone her portion on the Agro Romano. She was mountain-born, and the heat and drought of the plains were hateful to her. The little city to which she went was in a topmost spur of her own Sabine Apennines—a small grey ancient place, with gigantic, walls and marble ruins and tenth-century houses, clustered round a Longobardo church. ,It still retained its thirteenth century ramparts, and a deep, though narrow stream foamed beneath its bastions, rushing -down over rocks and through gorges to tumble into ,the Licenza, which 'in ,its turn fed the Arno ere Arno fell into the Tiber. Here shekpent sixteen peaceful years ; working hard, but 'living as one of the family and attaching herself to them with the affection of a dog. They were the people who had ever been good to her. Her mistress, Caterina Lorenzetti, always called Madama Tina by her neighbours and servants, Was a widow with three young sons, who had means enough to live with a certain ease, though frugally and simply, in a small venerable house which looked from the ramparts on the valley of the Arno far below, and had withstood many a rough time of siege and assault in the wars between the Popes and the, Lords of Tivoli and Palestrina, of Subiaco and Olivano, and of all the walled villages and grim strongholds which then frowned in the face of the setting sun. Nerina loved the merry, good-natured, handsome lads, but she adored their mother, who had never said a harsh word to her ; although her clumsiness and ignorance and __violence in the first years had sorely tried the patience of Aladama Tina, who had been reared in a convent, and possessed by both nature and habit, and strong instincts of order, tranquillity, and (aim "If I turn her out," the good lady replied to the counsels of her neighbours in those early days, "I shall have a crime on my conscience, for she knows nothing and is of a violent temper; in desperation she might do something rash ; her heart is good, and I hope to guide her aright, so that she, can take her own way safely as time goes on when I shall be no more."

........._ ..., .....„. , Her patience did not fail her in her task, and" Nerina became a grateful and capable servant; never iriry peaceable. quiet or accomplished, but unremitting in effort, devoted in sickness, useful in all homely, hardy ways, and filled with a passion of loyalty and love for "Madame Tina and the three bright boys who had all the old seraphic beauty of Italy in their handsome faces, and who, if they sometimes plagued her, loved her warmly in return. " Every drop of water which was used in the house she brought up in bronze pails from the well on the rampart; she went for the milk and did all the marketing; she made the bread .and cooked the polenta ; she scrubbed and swept and scoured all the coppers, and all the stairs and floors; she went to Mass at five o'clock in the morning in all weathers; she washed all the linen in the river which ran beneath the city wall; and in her few leisure hours spun and sewed for the family and herself. It was a hard life, but she was content in it, and even enjoyed every hour in it with,the vigour of a sane and robust temperament, a healthy constitution, and a grateful soul. It was so much to her to sleep soundly without ' fear of a brute kicking her off the bed of leaves on to the ground; and to hear the placid voice of her mistress, and the gay songs of the children, instead of the curses of the herdsmen and the lewd jokes of the shepherds in drink. She would have asked nothing more of the saints than to let this life go on for ever. "Only let me be worthier," she said in her prayers every time that she knelt down in the little dusky side aisle where she went for confession in the Longobardo church. In this town, perched so high, at a greater altitude than even the rocks of the Sagro Spepo, the winters are exceedingly cold, and the summers cruelly hot; in midsummer the stones burn the feet which tread them, and in winter the icicles hang from the fountains and water spouts, and the winds moan round the battlemented walls, as the mercenaries (A Borgia and Farnese, .Orsini and Barberini, were wont to ride beneath them in days of seige when all the country beneath was burning in the internecine wars of the pontiffs and princes. But Nerina, was a strong mountain-born woman who did not heed such small things as heat and cold, and she came and went, up and down the steep streets, like a gust of wind herself. Several offers of marriage were made her by men of the town, by men of the hills above, and men of the plains below, but she would have none of them. "Never more a master for me," she said to her mistress. "I am out of the net of the fowler; never more will I get in it; not I." And this plain, peaceful tenour of her days might have gone on until death should have taken her,L but for the restlessness of others which caught her in its eddy as a swirling stream whirls away with it a bit of mops, a dead leaf, a snapped twig. The beautiful tall boys grew up, and went away, one by one; the eldest, who was a priest, was sent by his church to Brazil ; the second, perforce, became a soldier, and was in Africa; the third went to study painting in Venice. The young artist came back at intervals, but rarely ; the two others had not returned, and the old grey house was silent and sad; the two women wept together, and all differences of rank and education were forgotten in a common sorrow. In a degree, however, the tenacious fiery soul of Nerina rejoiced. "Mada Ma. Tina has no one now but me," she thought • and then her better self smote her for such selfishness ;-how could she ever make up to the mother for the absence of the three sons ?"I'in only a poor, stupid servant," she said to herself with contrition. The one who hal gone to study art was the youngest, by name Romanino, a lad of twenty, with a face like the Pitti Ganymede's, and a tem- perament tender, impulsive, heroic, full of dreams. is mother had heavy anxieties about him which the could not con Ede to the unlearned brain of her woman. Yet Nerina vaguely understood the dreams which had sent Romanino, their darling, into danger. "Ser Romanino wants to make the world anew," she said; "and it's too bad, and too old, and too cruel ; he will only break his heatl on it, as the poor mules break theirs climbing up over the stones of these steep streets." _ - She understood,only_s little, vaguely; but some- thing she understood: Romanino had talked to her so much, leaning his curly head against tier knees, and indifferent tie the capacity of his auditor in the ardour of his own eloquence. "He wants to have nobody hungry, or cold, or shoeless any more," she said to her mistress. "Dear, sweet soul! lle might as well Wish the stones of the ramparts to turn into wheaten loaves. There are the gorged pigs on one side of the world and the famished' dogs en the other; and there always have been, and there always will be. Tell him so, lkladama."- His mother did tell him so; but the youth in . Rotuanino believed in its power to move mountains, as' generous, noble, and holy youth ever haa done, Ind ever will do, to the end of time. The moun-

===== 0002601_19010823_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
23 1901

Her judgment against.titstsne was torn in LWO by the doubt. "Tut, tut," said thesdoctor,' impatient after many a conflict with her. "Well, kill Madame : Tina if you like, woman. 'Tis for a good service • that she housed you and fed you and tatught you all these years! Go to, you wicked imbecile! Igeve,r dare to summon me to your aid when your lady shall lie a-dying!" By such stings and threats of cruel speech he made her believe that She would really cause the death' of ,her Mistress if she let her learn, unpre- pared, of the•-death or the imprisonment of her youngest boy. "I fear me 'tis no little thing that Nina has done," said the leech darkly. 'lf he lives still he hides for his life, as all rebels do with a price I put out for him. PAye, aye, a good lad, I know that, but misled and , mistaken, and a gaol-bird, I fear; like so many of them nowadays, the young lunatics." • . He so wrought with such discourse upon Nerina's terror of written 'messages, that he made her feel ' that she no more dared to give her mistress a letter or a paper of any kind than she would dare to mite the cheek of the Virgin in the shrineabove their doorway. When a letter at last came she met the postman midwavi in the street, snatched it from him, and hid it tinder het apron, and ran with it to the doctor: He took it inside his shop where she could not see what he did with it, and reappeared after fifteen minutes. The letter was I closed, aiid to ell apPearances was 'intact. ' "It is good news, but news of Gino," he said. I Gino was the eldest sop. "Take it to,Madaina, , and, of course, you will say note word of me." The. stout frame ,of sNerina trembled. , She —believed that he had read it, 'without opening it, by some occult ,power. Two other letters came ; but thoee 'were from diStant relatives, there was nothing from Romanino. • They passed through .the doctor's' deft flngert, and Madams)." Tina was I never the wiser. Only Nerina became afraid to. meet her eyes. The doctor had told her she aid' right in obeying him, but her consoience told her he did wrong... The summer months passed away and it became autumn, and, still there was no tidings of • Romanino. One evening, when she was drawing up water at the well on the rampart, in the silence and gloam- ing, whilst the bells tolled for vespers, a young man, a stranger; came out of the thicket of laurel end oleander and whispered timidly, when he was close to her ear: , "Good woman,— you • are Nerina Taccaris--itbe servant of Madam, Caterina Lorenzetti, are you not ? " ' Nerina set her full pail with a clang on the parapet of the well, and answered curtly, looking askance at the unknown questioner, that she was so. "Give her this when she is alone," said the 'youth, 'and slid is note into her' hand, and Made • off again towards the' shelter of the laurels and oleanders. "Stop!" cried Nerina. But he did not stop, and was lost to sight on the shadows and foliage. The note remained in her hand. She would have looked at a dust-adder with less terrgr. -"It must tell us of Sir Nino," she thought, in the shrewdness which love begets. In front of the well was a steep flight of steps which led down into a street below. In that street' Was the shop of the apotheeary: She hesitated a moment, her heart beating wildly against her leathern stays; then- she put her pail on the rim of the veil to await her return, and ran clown the two 'score of granite steps worn by the feet of many generations, and rushed into the dark, pungent-smelling den where Ser Lillo was lighting the bil-wick of hie red lantern. "See, see!" she said with a gasp. "This must be from our Romaninos 'Twas given me just now by someone Who ran away." A keen eagerness flashed over the thin, hard face of the old man, brief as the flicker of a flame. He snatched the missive and glanced at it. It was unsealed. -In a moment he returned it to her. "Good news," he ea:id cheerfully. "Take it to Madaina, 'twill be the best of cordials." • Nerinzi, crossed herself, then laughed with joy all • over her brown face. She went like lightning up the flight of steps, 'snatched up her pail, and went home. In another ten minutes herslacly learnt that her youngest born would beWith her at midnight. "I shall come -'to the garden door," the note said. "Tell Nerina to watch for me, for if lam taken it will be seven years of prison. I have been sentenced by the Military Court, but have, escaped." At midnight she and Madame Tina were waiting in the little damp garden behind the house, which opened by a postern door on the bastion. As the stroke of midnight sounded from the church clock a young voice whispered, very low: "'Tis I—Nina. Are you there?" Nerina wrenched the heavy door open; the mother pressed forward and "fell into her son's arms. At the same mcment three Communal guards E eized him, leaping from the shelter of the laurel thicket on the rampart. They dragged him out from his mother's arms and, struck her servant to the ground. Nerina gathered herself up, blind, sick, reeling. "Beasts! How did you know? " The guards laughed brutally, and dragged Ilornanino away in the gloom of the faint oil-light, their pistols held to his temples, their hand-cuffs on his wrists. 31adama Tina had dropped, to the ground in syncope. She was carried into her -house and into her chamber. She died in an hour's time. The doctor stood by her bed, having Spent all his science in vain. Be seemed kind, pitying, wise. "My poor soul, you shotifd go to your room and rest after such a shock," he said to Nerina, where she sat mute by the corpse. She had never spoken a word since the seizure of Romanino. It was now late in the forenoon. She stared at him continually with her dry, fierce eyes, and' the gaze made him uneasy and troubled. "I can do no more good here," lie said with regret, a little later, and rose and left the chamber ofdeath. The parish priest accompanied him. All the last services of life were rendered that • night by the servant to her mistress. No other hand but her servant's touched the body of Madame, Tina. All 'the thirty hours which followed Nerina watched by the bed, watched by the bier, 'seemed 'dumb, seemed -deaf: seemed blind. When all was over and she alone had been the mourner at tlie tomb, her head covered and her face muffled in a black, woollen shawl, she slunk like a lost 'wounded animal under the shadow of the church, where her lady had been left for ever, raid in her leaden coffin beside the dust of her forefathers. Distinct, in the bewildered torment of her thoughts one supreme idea stood out as written in fire. How had they known? Who had told them of Romanino's return? , As she went slowly across the few score of yards 1 which separated the church from the house which had sheltered her through so many years, she saw ,a loan, black, tall form passing across the road- way,. It was the figure of the apothecary. A sudden light like that 'of an electric flash thrOugh a murky night pierced the stupor of her dull brain. There was the traitor—there! With a bound she was upon him, her hands clutched his shoulders, her tearless,. hollow eyes blazed into his. "Yon sold their 'secret!" Startled and thrown off his guard by the sudden charge he, stammered denial, grew livid, shook in all his limbs. "You sold their secret!" "No, no," he muttered. "No, no! What I did I did from duty. The law must be obeyed." "You sold their secret!" It was all clear to her as though a voice from 'Heaven or from hell spoke in her ear. He had laid his trap for her to learn the truth for the law- makers, and had been paid by the law like Judas. He had made her betray the dead. He had made her betray the living. "You sold their secret!" she said for the fourth time, and she read his guilt upon his face Where 'the yellow flicker of his lamp before the shrine fell on it. "Ah, wretch! Ah, bealt! Ah, Judas!" she sereamed in his ear, and with all her might she clutched him in her strong arms and swept him off his feet as though he were a broken, rootless tree. With whirling force, as though a raountafts storm had entered her and lent her all its power, she propelled him across the roadway, still lifting him off his feet, and bearing him towards the rivet • walle H struggled in vain to free himself and to shake off her hold. He was a weakly and aged man, a coward always, and more than ever a coward now, through quivering consciousness 'of guilt, As a hurricane sweeps dead wood before it she dr0.... him across the width of the rampart road, and with the natural strength which was in her intensified a hundredfold las smarm remorse and hate. she

.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Owing to the execrabic weather which prevailed there were practically no cricket matches in this district on Saturday. Throughout the afternoon rain dercended almost unceasingly and as a consequ.nce many engagements had to be cancelled.Te,e Warrington fir.t team journeyed to Cheadle Hulme to play their return engagement with the eleven of that town. The climatic conditions at Cheadle mime do not appear to have been quite as unfavcurable as those experienced at Wariiugton, for, we read that there were " reveral showers during the afternoon.' In conseqnence of the delaNs caused by tbeso downpours the match could not, be concluded in the stipulated time and so ended in a draw.

The Warringtrin team hatted hist, and had pot together only 95 when [her were all dismissed. Of course the conoirion of the wicket made fast scoring out of tbeiguestion. J Callon and B Silcock were tbe -first to represent Warrington, being opposed by. E Radlord and Teatber,who bowled unchained throuabou:, Eighteen runs were recorded in as many minutrs,when Teather held a hot return from Callon. Four runs later Silccck was out in a similar manner, whilst in the same over J Gibbon was sent back without scoring.

J Briggs and J W Bibby made a -good stand, and added 15 runs for the fourth wicket when the Warring- ton captain drove one hard back to leather, who herd tte ball low down. Rain fell at this petted and the game was delayed nearly hal an hour. Reeumine. Briggs was j bed by Hampbon and the latter opened his account in promising style, driving Radtord tor fur and three from succet si ve deliveries.

The core steadily mounted and Il‘d reached GO when Briggs was taken at cover slip, after compiling 21 by stylish cricket. Thompscn was out to a Ene catch, but another utelul stand ny E E Woods asiisted Hampson to take the ce to 75, whet' a grana Lill tram leather disturbed Hampscri's leg stump.

The Warrington Wicket keeper played attractive cricket for his 24, and did not make a sinyte faulty stroke. Duckworth bit out briekly and made 15 in as many minutes before Teener bowled him off his pads. Thewlie being indisposed, the innings close.d lot 95.

Rain fell rather heavily at the con( 1 isinn of Warring- ton's ioninge,and it was s'3o:before Cheadle Hulme wete ablej to commence their task. C H Williams and A E Taylor were opposed by J %V Bibby and B Gibson, and a dozen rues were chronicled when a double disaster betel the locals, Gibson bowling Williams, whilst in the following over the Warrington F kipper got Taylor caught in the slips. Cadman and Teatber To oed the pace and took the total to 32 before the profeceional was ptipably leg before. At 47 for three wiLkets the game was drawn.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

A E Howard, of Warrington, cartied if two wive at the Wrexham Sports, held in Otansty Park, Le r Wrexham, on Monday. In the mile bicycle race I e finiahcd third, by an allowance of 155 pat ds ; Richards, of Wrexham, and Evans, Chester, being in (mt. He was more stkmessful in the two miles cycle race finishing second with an allowance of 235 yards.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling-.

Warrington Anglers were very successful at the great angling contest in connection with thr- Provincial Angling Atsociation held In the canal at Nantwich on Saturday. Nearly four hundred fighermen from Lanca- shire and Cheshire competed. Toe central point of interest was at Nantwich aqueduct, but the water for several4miles on the Chester and Market Drayton sides of the canal was reserved for competitors. The value of the prize money was £3O. The competitors fished for two tiour and the priz winning catches', as decided by the weighing in, varied i a weight from 6 z. lsr and alramii to llb 15 zS 2 frame ton weight. The folhwing were Ih awards :—F Jolly, Nele,on, Liverpool, 1 ; J Baker, Stafford, 2 ; T Robinson, Warrington, 3 ; T Edwards, Warrington, 4 ; .1 Jones, Selly Oak. Birming- ham, 5; S Whittaker, Warrington, 6; Latham,Crewe, 7; J Smith, Birmingham, 8; W Bate, Warrington, 9 ; T &lento°, Crewe F A., 10 ; T Tusan, Warringto”. 11 ; J Sheppard, Warrington, 12; F Roper, Wataall, 13, K Sin- clair, Crewe, 14 ; F Rolands, Walsall, 15 ;' T Williams, ' Crewe. 16 ; D Twears. Crewe.l7 ; G Spencer, Warring- ton, 18; M Bowker, Walsall, 19 ; .1 Johnson. Crewe, F 20; J Flackney4Warrington. 21; J Smi'h, Nelson,Liv2r- pool, 22; C Hyde. Crewe, 23 ; J Itoldbrock, S.afford,24; J Evans, Crewe, 25; J Samson, Warrington. 2e; a Bill, Crewe. 27; T Owen,Criewe, 28;: A Lightfoot, Crewe, 29; R Yeomaue, Crewe, 30.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. AUCTION SALT C BILLS AND CATALOGUES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS.

may be bad in a iewboure.

COMMERCIAL PRINTTNG

PROGRAMMES Fos SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES OR FETES, &C. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES FOR FicILES OF WORK. -

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING. • AND BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES. , ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS. EDUCATIONAL WORKS ANb CIRCULARS. PANIPBLETS,AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &O.

EXAMINER OFFICE, BENMY STREET, 170*AlatINGTON; TELRPRONIC 04894 ; ,Jhr ,

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER. IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF ruE bLooD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CURES PIMPLES ON TEE FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEOs AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES.

TESTIMONIAL.

Messrs. BOOTS.--It gives mu much Pleasure to send you a tzstimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purkfier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had Seen in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours In comnarison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy, that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do.

(Signed) G. P. SOLOMON.

PRICES is. AND ls. 93. PER BOTTLE.

SUL:illift TABLErS

===== 0002601_19010823_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN ALL, THE VIRTUES OP THAT

OLD FASHIONED EILMEDY.

PRICES 6D. AND 11D. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually sad.

COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

Composed of Sarsaparilla. Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Messrs= koot, Licorice, tc.

ED. PER PACKET.

Makes one quart. Pull dfrections enclosed.

BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, &c staining ana Varnishing. Woodwork at one Oparat

lioual 6d girl for 411., Is size for Si., 23 6.1 sae for 13 Siper bottle.

FURNITITRE REAM. floes a brilliant gloss to all kinds Of Mahogany ann Fieneh-polished Furniture with halt the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 61 bottin for 41.. is. hnttiP for 7J.

ELMS S ICK BLACK. Will make Itonwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a Iluish to (say) the fireplace like the shlne ot patent leather boots does to a well aressed as omen.

61. size for 4.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Cabinet Makers, Uitders and linens tors. Has the originsi brightness of G Id, easy or appacation, and unrivalled in appeal...me°.

Boots reciuctd price. is. 'l;ottle for 70.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTS OR METAL POLISEI wilt eYean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron. and Is Invaluable In household use. Trial size, usual 21. for id. is. tics for 4j.

A W %,../LEANSING CLOUDY

AMMONIA. Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver. crockery,lmirrors, windows cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grewe spots, stains, /to., from wash•boards and doors. It 4s also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 101, small trial Size ed.

1-IAI VARNISHES.

Before the great picture exhibitions In London open, cctnes a day which artists esti varnishing day. Übe nimble fingers of our girl workers have a 1,4. their varnishing day, when they varnish last krasou's hat to do anther turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in black or suitable assorted colours are toe bezt tor this parkose. tt!e.

Price 4id per

LINEN rOLISHING TABLET. Clean linen acts of a woman or a man to better advantage than gold or diamond rings. Ladies' cuffs, men's collars and trouts. and all laundry work elm best and cheapest be performed with our Linen rolishim, Tablet. Price id & 2d per tab!et. Four 21 tablets far 61. Equal to what is sold elsewhere at three times the price.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST.

355: BauRIIDDGGI.RsTTRuBti.RETI. WARRINGTON.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUOTIONEICII, AND VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, 13ANK-STRBET. T.elephone No. t 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture. &a.. warehoused.

NEW DESIGNS AND BEST IINISI4, ISER WI'ADoWS PENDLEBURY AND CO., 12, AND 14, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

IF DOCBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE, TRY

ARROPS LTD.,

122, BRIDGE-STREET, NVARRINGTON

FOR THE BLOOD rS THE LIFE CLARKE'S woßio-RmEo BLOOD MIXTURE

===== 0002601_19010823_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes m further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all fmpuritles, from whatever cause arising Nor Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skid and Blooc Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mart, Alone. It is the only real specific for Gout and Ebeumaiso Paine, for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ile. each of all_chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stanaps by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES -ORD COMPANY L.;;;OLN. Beware of worthless imtetions.

JOIN WALKER AND CO., 114X.A1V1INER PRINTING WORKS*

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

Kay be ineptetedZand:Estimatea:obtainecl Office,

TELEPEONE No, 0489.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Elie 4g Cuimtntr maim

WARRINGTON AND MID-CHi&SHIRE I. EXAMINER." pablianed every Saturday morning. T" "EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON Ex A MINER, publialied every Friday afternoon. T" "Sr. HELENS Exemniza," published every Friday afternoon. THE "RuNcoRN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. THE "WIDNES EXAMII ISE," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver-

WANTED at ONCE a good GIINBRAL SERVANT.— V Apply IYIRS. TILLEY, KLIDIERLEY MOUNT, COlWyll

W&NIB") GISNERAL ; four in family ; fare paid, write stating wages etc.—Mfts TAYLOR. 26, West-street, Rochdale.

'WANTItD.NIiItAL to take all duties ; work light ; three in family and one girl kept,—BANK COTTAGE, Turton. Bolton.

COLWYN BAY.—WANTRD, iirst—o!ass Apartments House, good GENERAL SERVANT.—ALyx MOUNT, Mostyn-road.

WANTHD HOU3IMAID for family of two; good situa- tion ; wages RN.- Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam- street, Wallington.

UOR HOYLAKB.—In Reptember. good GENBRAL small 1. family ; small washing; good references.-52. NORTH- ROAD, Birkenhead.

IATANTED GBRltllitl, ; three in family : good velges given to a competent girl.—Mee WA TESS, Bleng, Enyton, Liverpool.

WANIRD STRONG YOURG PERSON as useful help. no washing, salary RA—Apply Miss HunsoN, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

- - WANTED GENERAL ELERVANT. also Strong Girl as Kitchen MM. ages 18 to 23.-31 R-9 MoimtEux, 141, Lord-street. Sonthport.

WAN 12 nu. n X enintssNCsbll t.;001C wash, iron; good worker; sge about SO; thoroughly rellable.-0A /ELANDS Houss, As bton-on-Mersey.

AGOOD Way to get a nice Town or Conntry SERVANT, write or call to Miss HARRISON, 6. Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED, goad GENERAL SERVANT ; plain cooking; small wash ; earl. riser ; wages £l7 ; references. - Hrs. H. FIELDING, Lea Bank, Wilmslow.

50 Good SHR.VANTS Wanted for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses,— Mrs PRESToI'S Registry, 44 Charles-street, Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

WANTRD IMMRDIATEILY COOK-6EIBRAL ; good situatbn in centre of Warrington; wages Zl9.—Apply Miss ifunsofe. 19. Irlam-street. Warrington.

WANTED. GENERALS and GIRLS. best places ; excel- lent wages.—Call or write to Miss HARRISON, 6, Oldham—street, Mancbester, Establisbed 1862.

WANTED STRONG GENERAL. able to do plain cook- ing. Protestant. another servant kept. wages £l5. age 20 to al.—Apply THE OAKI.A.NDS, 21. Breeze Hill. Bootle.

WANTBD. YOUNG WOMAN as GRNBRAL ' • age 18 to 20; one who can cook and we h : three in frxinily ; 65. per week; good reterences.-333: EDGE-LANE. Liverpool.

-Winn) cOOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, WAIMBB9II3. for Manchester ; excellent wages : call or write to Mies HARRISON. 6, Oldharn-street Manchester. Established 1862.

HPIFIZIENOBD HOUSEMAID WAITRESS for small family in Warrington:2lB to VC; references required ; state age.—Mrs 701{200N. 8, Mama street, Warrington.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES st a moment's notice for all cases.—apply NITRPES Itramm- TlO'r. 70. Hope-strePt. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address •• Nurses."

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT from county, about 2.), reliable, ster dy, washing. comfortable. easy place. 2 In family, state wages.—Apply 185, STAMFORD-STREET, Old Tra ford, Manchester.

Mantrb.

COOPHIitS WANTHD for dry cask making, welLused to notohing books.—Apply J. WOO/MY AND Sox, Coopers, Ormsk,rk.

4 respectable Woman wishes to adopt a BABY to nurse. 11. —For terms apply to Mrs Wax ixmoN, 32 Station- Tract. Northwich.

WANTED TO RENT in healthy country district. Small House with good rarden.—Address full particulars to J.M., 17, FOR:-STREET, Liecard, Cheshire.

wAR MEDALS wanted. dated 1843. £2 given; alio Arctic; Red River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele,Maattona.Fenian Raid, &.—.Major Tomas, Droitwieb.

AGENTS WANTED to sell Hardware. Jewellery, Furni- tore, Clothing. goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—BEURIDGE AND Co., (102), Birmingham.

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1848, or earlier £2 given ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Flrket Atbara.Mashona, Matabele, &c.—MAJOR TOMBS, Dro!Wen.

A GENTS wanted by Sole Idanufeeturers of SELF-ACTING _CIL Turkish Bath Cabinets. Large demand. Good Profits. —Apply NFLSON. STANLEY CO.. Newlands,Peekharn.London.

WANTED, ICO fat. wornout HORSES weekly, for foreign trade ; warranted to be destroyed ; price from V to V.—W=l.lAm DitAxerrszn,Hat and Feather Hotel,Oldham.

I ADY (28) seeks engagement as Governess, Lady-nurse—or 1.4 Companion, in er near Lancaster. Thoroughly experi- enced• Kindergarten training.—Address M. 8., "EXAMINER OFFICE." Warrington.

-NiA2ITED, A SMETON for St Peter's Church, Newton-le- Willows. Must be a sober. Industrious man and a communlaant. Salary £52 per annum and fees.—Apply the VICAR or Cnurch Wardens.

SANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS salaries £lOO to £250. numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester and Other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 summit' ul candi- dates ; ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT MITSHENS, Sanitary Science Teacher. Sunderland. Name paper.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
-t-i;e-m--en-t-e in FIVS BX&MINEELL

WANTEDS. TO BB LILTS 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES. And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above chsrges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOOSES TO BE SOLD

ARTICLES LOOT

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS

ARTICLES FOUND

MISCELLANEOUS BALES

3omestir Otrbants, M.

ANTIiO. Good OHNIIHaL Servant.—BßocxßANK's, Black Horse. Farnworth. Widnes.

WANTAD Good COOK-GHNHHAL ; family four; kept —Apply, Mrs DALE. Holly Hank,Tyldesley.

WANTIb, %.,UUK-GeiDilikCAL ancl Heip or Housemaid- Waitress.—WlLLlAMS. The Lindens. Llandudno. WANTED, a WORKING 210USRKREPRIL—Apoly by letter, 3, DEAN-STREET, Port-street, Piccadilly, Manchester,

Bay.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Obarts.

TOSIIPH LEAVER, SHARBBROXER and COMKISSION ft/ AGENT. 18 OTJHZON-STREET, OLDHAM. Buys and sells all kinds of shares on commission Cr net prices with prompt settlements. Bank Union of Manchester

JAMES P. BATH and SON. * STOCK AND SHARE BROKEftS.

Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAI9H-STRBET, LIVERPOOL, Have for SaIe—FORMBY GAS, Val Smith Ord. and Pref., Bellingham Distillery Ord., Edward Young and Co. Ord , Union Czedit Bank Pref., Patriotic Assurance, Clerk's Cafe Ord. and Pref.. James Cottle Ord. and Pref., Liverpool over- head Halls, Cope Bros., New Brighton Tower Pref. Fawcett- Preston. Dd., Wallasey High School for Girls ; and Wanted. Owen Owen B Shares, Crane Pref., Dock Bonds. Mersey Pref.

i?0tt10, 3/4ptiros, Zoarbing COtaki.

COLW YN BAY.—Gilbertville Boarding-house, facing sea, centrally situated.—Mrs. JORDAN, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS.—,Iyde Private Hotel, promenade. near Jubilee clock. Full board from ss. 6d. per day inclu- sive.—Mrs. SMART, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS.—Small FURNISHED HOUSE. September splendid situation.—CouPg, Bucks-road, Douglas, Man.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTMKNTS, close to sea and Central s ler ; off promenade, Mrs MEHIGOLD. 24. Yorkshire-st.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs PRESTON, 17, Palatine-road ; Apart- manta. Public and Private; near Central Station and sea also piano. •

OOLWYN BAY. Comfortable APAHIMHNTS eioss to Sea and Woods, moderate terms on application.—awALla. HOUSE, Abergele-road.

1 AXE DISTRICT—Country APARTMENTS, pleasantly LI situated; piano; terms moderate.—ROWLANDSON, Troutbecic. Windermere.

COLWYN BAY.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; seven minutes item pier ;with or without board,—WILSON, Craigieburn. Grove Park.

A BERYSTWITH.—Comi ortable APARTMENTS; healthy LI situation; bath, terms moderate--Mrs, CHARLES. Pantycelyn. Trinity-road.

DLACKPOOL.—Mm. OWEN, Bewsey House, Lord-street. .1) Borth Shore. Close to Station. Trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road, Warrington.

ettutatton.

HIGH SCHOOL for Girls, W ESTGROVE-ROAD, Harrogate. Gov. Pupil required. Moderate premium.

NIVISKSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most sums ful Boarding School for Boys. T Isannwoon, M.A.. LL D.. D.C.L.

einlts,

§Pains bp auction

.ealts bp pribate erratp

EArkiER ad GRIEDERY. Old Established. For bALE. 1.4 48, CHESTER-ROAD. Manchester.

UN,—Double 12-bore, rebounding locks, extension rib pistol grip. 401....-KEATLEY. High road, East Itinebley.

STOUT FHOPLE.—I guarantee to decrease your weight Free —Send two stamps to NURSE KEATLEY, High-road, East Finchley.

PROVISION.—Splendid Quality Stilton Cheeses. direct from Leicester daily. sta. per lb., any size piece sent CHARMAN, Freeby, Melton Mowbray.

_ STEEL AND IRON SHIMS AND BUILDINGS-21 1.3 superior structures comprising open sheds from 32 by , 15ft to 63 by 24ft—bay or grein shed 64 by 24 ; complete _ buildings from 18 by 10 to 100 by 30 ; ornamental pavilion, etc.. 30 by 24 ; chapel, mission room, scbce.A. etc 50 by 25. Very moderate prices. All erected for inspection at laAac DIXON AND CO'S Show Yard, Granby-row, Sackville-street, Manchester, office,* Cathedral Gates.

Ototites, Z115111t505, ett.

IN BALI; a good Saddlery and Harness BUSINBSS.—Par- V ticulars, apply 14, St BkDE'S-AVENUE, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ParEfeci, Carriagto. atr,

110011AECTON for Sue. seat 2, in good Condition; ..I_ Apply after 5 p.m. 26, LONDON-ROAD. Manchester.

rill-MBE PONY TRAPS. Two seta Harness and Two Spring A. Carts on Sale,—Baockesasx's, Black Horse, Farnworth, Widnes.

()PEN FRONTED HANSOM, and second-hand STAND COACH.—Apply at JAMES OSBORNE'S, 75, IA ortb-street, Cheetham, Manchester.

TO BE SOLD, a maned HORSE, quiet, six years old, 15-3; good driver in piny harness.—Apply 29, CHEURCII-RO•D, St Annee-on-Sea, six o'clock evening.

ON SALE; a good strong LIIRRY and Light SPRING CART ; will suit contractor.—Apply at 43 CHEATER- PLACE, Broad-street, Pendleton, Manalsester.

ITICTORIA—Park Victoria for Sale; in first-elass V condition; new inside. Also Phaeton; owner no further use, both cbeap,—OwENe, 141, Shakespere-street, Scunport.

to bt to.

PENKETl4.—Cottftsres 41 Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. BANK STRIIBT OFFICB. £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET. rent 41. 3d 83HOWLEY LANB..rent ss. GRAFPWNHALL COTTAGE with large garden, rent 3s. APPII ROBERT LOME. Estate Agent,tio. S Bank-stroet War' eington. Telephone—No 55.

- TO LT HOUSE AND SHOP, Market Place, Harlestown, Good opening for Greengrocer.—Apply Joan LAMBERT, Market Plane, Harlestown.

WO LET, STABLE{ and COACHHOUBB. witb lofts over large yasd attached off Tannersane.—App,y WooDe 4:301f, SollettOra, 65, Horiewerketatreet, Warringt.on•

BLACKPOOL—SITTING-ROO5l with one or two bed- rooms; five minutes from Talbot road and amusements. MPS RIGBY. 88, Peter-street.

COSIFORTABLE APARTIONTS ; PUBLIC and PRIVATE, near sea and tram ; bath.—Mte PRIDGEoN, linen House. Cavendish-road, Morecambe, W.E.

QT ANNES-ON-SEA HOUSE to LET Furnished end of August, or in Apartments 5 bedrooms, Bath, Gas COOker near Sea, TM:O.—Apply 18, LIGHTBURN AVENUE.

T LANDUTINO. Well-lurnished House. ten rooms, 1.4 September £3 15 per week, electric light. &c, lovely sea and mountain Viewa.—/lIMIEB. Gwynant, Balfour-road.

IVEW BRIGEITON.--Five minutes' walk from station or JA boot; piano—Mrs. JAMES, Tower-view House. faa and 101, Victoria-road. Reliable APART/11MM Terms moderate.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

WARRINGTON.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTER. LAROB TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS., FOR MAMMOTH POSTENS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in tbe Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

A SPECIALITY.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BIGIVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

litontp.

RYDER LLOYD AND CO., BUSINHES BROKERS AND VALUERS 21i. OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL, (Est. 1837). BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or (VALUED (any distance) at MODERATE and FIRED CHARGES. BUYERS BMW) FREE. r.LBTIMRSHIPiIi •RELAlnann. Advice free. Stock-In-trade of any doecriptiOn PurChased. CALL, WRITE, OR TELEPHONE OM,

QWEETS, MINESALS, &c.—Well stocked Shop, hand- ' somely fitted ; excellent stand ; Rood shopping street.— Apply a, HAMILToN-ROAD, Manchester.

pATENT OJYIOP. ANCHESTER , Bewausnen Ds 1835. Messrs. GBORGB DAVIS & BON have bagt more than 40 years personal experienceln connection with this Establish- ment andpossesa praeticalknowledge of the cotton ,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8.. & BON, P.1.P.A., M.B.A.

4, BT. AN14,13 SQUARE, MM./OH/15TM.

Its IsEd. BRES, BEM, to be sold five HIVSS, on Standard I.) frames theap.—Apply aILVERDALE, Priory-road, Brd Ureen, Liverpool.

I)dIiSTA:IIN, N. VlALE3.—Comfortable siting- and clouble-bedded room or single bedroom to let. on August 10tb. Close to station and sea.—Mrs JONES, Port- land House.

DATING. lama received (Invalid or otherwise) in pretty I detached Cheshire Country villa, comfortable Christian borne, attention could be given by lady or gentleman. every convenience, liberal table, terms moderate, sweet country.— K ; "Woodbine Villa," Lymm, Cheshire,

WITH the close of the

The Reckoning session the country will

want to know -what are its results. If we attempt to strike a balance, the effort involves us in issues that are appalling in their vastness, and their magnitude is the meas- ure of the country's loss, for it must be admitted there is a heavy deficit balance against profit and loss account. With the National Debt increased by two hundred millions and another hundred in prospect, with taxation at sixty millions a year, with the Civil List increased to nearly half a mil- lion, and the same lavish increase in all the depart- ments of the public service, what have we to show in the way of assets? A. couple of laige colonies added to the British Empire, which for some years to come will be in a state of chronic bankruptcy, lost prestige in China, jealousy and heartburning against this country covered by a thin veil of amity on the part of the other great Powers of Europe. A war unended and unending, still going on like a running sore sapping the vitality of the Empire, and which may still be described in the pathetic words used in the King's Speech when he opened Parliament as "not entirely terminated." A large army scheme, eating its head off, a large expenditure on the navy and on . military and naval works, exceeding anything which this country has ever known in the past. Increased taxation and decreasing trade, with the prospect of falling wages and small returns in all departments of industry. This is the outcome of that administration which is supposed to be the strong point of the present Government. True, we have a consolidated Commonwealth in Australia, and we have spent a considerable amount of money in a royal tour to celebrate the occasion. But it is still to be made clear how the advantages which we generally confer upon our Colonies are to be reciprocated, or how the United Kingdom is to be relieved of the very unfair pro- portion which it at present bears of Imperial government and Imperial defence. There is not ' much in all this to gratify or cheer the heart of the most ardent optimist. Do we turn to home affairs—that region which Blenheim Unionists are called upon to enter with courage and persistence —what do we find? Out of eight proposed measures, which may be taken to be in the opinion of the Cecil Cabinet of first-class importance, for they were promised in the KIN-G's Speech, two have been passed into law. The Drunkard's Dill was and " is not " ; the promised legislation en a Final Court of Appeal has not come into being, neither has that on Irish land purchase—though a good measure was rejected by the Government—neither has that respecting lunatics, nor London water supply, nor literary copyright. The Factories and Workshops Bill is the chief asset the Government can claim in home legislation; and good and use- ful so far as it goes, it carries with it the marks of humiliation and defeat. The Education Bill is the other asset. But it is not the Bill promised in the speech from the throne. It is another and a feebler, though not a less mischievous measure than the one that is still to con*, of which it is but the echo in

advance. A measure the keynote of which is the destruction of the democratic principle in that most democratic of all popular necessities,national education. The Government, having slipped the habital drunkard, took hold of the child messenger and became his guardian angel. But it was a silly, pretentious guardianship that reduced his age from sixteen to fourteen, allowed him to run all the risks of the tap-room if only the bottle was corked, or if he were in the employ of the tapster. Such a sham assumption of interest in temperance reform may well have drawn the wail from the lips of Lord SritNcEn"which he uttered on Friday, that the Government might have turned their large majority to much better account ja checking the crying evil of the age, intemperance But one does not gather grapes of thorns nor figs of thistles, and it is folly to look] for temperance. legislation from a Tory Government. There is one thing, though, that may be looked for. It is endowment—endowment of the farmer, che land" lord and the priest. That, is where the Doles Bill comes in ; it is a fresh instance of the ingenious methods by which the Cecil Cabinet have managed to convey the money of the people to the pockets of their friends. It was not in the King's speech. Probably its authors were ashamed of it. At all events, it practically makes the complement of Government legislation for the session. This is the full tale of bricks. We can scarcely hope the country will be satisfied with the reckoning. The only:question is how:long the electors will stand it.

INTERNATIONAL *whit - International Arbitration, ration is a subject of perennial interest, an (I although by many it is scoffed at asamong the iiv. practicabilities of day-dreamers, it is significant that its ultimate triumph is considered hopeful to the extent of certainty by a body of men the least ' given to weak sentiment or extravagant ideals The International Law Association, which is now having its twentieth conference at Glasgow, is s body of lawyers, and, as the Lord PROVOW re- marked with probable truth, a body containing the best and highest trained intellects in the world. It is certainly a strong point iu favour of any decision at which they may arrive that these gentlemen, in taking up the study of international law, and seeking thereby to find ways and means of removing occasions of controversy and strife between nations, caa have no hope of immediate personal reward, no post or office to gain from sucli a philosophic study. Perhaps if, as the result Of their researches, they can confer upon the nations of the earth the boon of perpetual surcease frore the barbarities of physical warfare, they will be forgiven much in civil life on account of which the ordinary lay mind holds a grudge against them. 15 is, perhaps, well to bear in mind that there is much in the emperience and consequent point of view of the lawyer which specially qualifies him to pronounce an opinion on the probability 0E arbitration becoming a practical solution of inter- national difficulties. They have daily evidence in the lawsuits they are conducting of strong rancor' ous feeling on the part of litigants being repress' ed, and made subject to the ruling of the 101 courts; they can look back as a matter of history to the time when such disputes were settl the individuals themselves by resort to violence'ed y which frequently resulted in interminable f amilf feuds rather than any kind of settlement. The/ see that under the improving influences of b tion a litigant comes to the law courts, has '" fling, and as a rule, retires thereafter, either to sir joy the costly satisfaction of victory or to el.° the cud of bitter reflection. This is at least bette.r for the community, and may be even a boon 1, disgnise to the individual. The lawyers argue Witu. some ground in reason that such a resolution in civil life affords a sufficient precedent for an equalll improved condition in our international relatio°6l' andlthe International Law Association is engaged in searching for the best metliod which will usher in that day when, in the words of AflamitAot "Law will be sovereign of the world." The advair tage of such a conference as the association hes brought together is that it affords an opportunitY for the free expression of opinion from all the nationalities interested in this great question. 15 is consoling to hear an American, for instance, re' gretting the failure of the British-American Arbi- tration Treaty, which had well-nigh brought a hal° of real glory to Lord SALISBURY, and to hear it said that America might' now be disposed to accept gladly a repetition of the offer she so foolishly re- jected. It is also • gratifying to find a French doctor speaking practically with the unanimous poles of the most enlightened and responsible por tion of his countrymen when he supported wits cordiality the proposal for such a treaty betwees France and Great Britain. There are difficulties of course. But no great question is without thea3 ; and it is to the solution of these that the associe- tion in its conference is addressing itself.

M. SANTOS D Trd A British Air-Ship, must look to his laurels. He came very near Wor ing :the prizajof £4,000 offered by M. DEITTsc: when he returned from his twelve-mile cruis

round the Eiffel Tower only nine minutes late His recent breakdown has necessitated his getting a new balloon made. He has till Septembrr 15th to complete his repairs, but by that time he Will probably find, besides M. DEUTSCH himself, Oa° donor of the prize, another competitor in the field, who will challenge his right to the Priee with some reasonable hope of suecess. The ir ventor of the new air-ship is Mr. BucnArrArr, Scotsman, who has been cogitating on the subjee° of aerial navigation for the last twenty Ye3re' and, as the outcome, has now nearing completioa the result of much expenditure in mental effor and several thousands of pounds, hidden away je the wilds of Hampshire, at Close Woods, Per - mead, near Cosham, where the operations ha° been kept until now a close secret. The airP with :which Mr. BUCHANAN hopes to win the Deutsch prize is not an aeroplane, nor is ip balloon with a hanging car, so that it will ric7, have the ,initial difficulties of weather ta conteh' against which M. DrudoNr found so tryia. It is a great fish-shaped balloon, with the cabAill and machinery inside. It is nearly a hunelc7i feet long, with a bird-shaped head projecting beak. beak. From this point it swells grB4/°„- ally till at the centre it is nearly thirty feet deel gradually tapering off to the tail, which is abc'er. eight feet high, and constructed to act as a Odd,eso So far the design of nature has been followe" perfectly as to give the great creature the lfl mum of resistence in its passage through the 113 Its covering is of the usual balloon material, 191 a framework of bamboo, but internally there i;tr eparture, for the upper half of the fish, 12141

hich is the

iple in that ies,national slipped the I messenger

; it was & reduced his him to run y the bottle )3? of the interest ie wn the wail a uttered on ave turned Iccount ie temperance rns nor figs temperance. There is one

for. It is the land' Le Doles Bill Le ingenious fie managed the pockets ing's speech. ,f it. At all nplement of m. This is ly hope the )ning. The viii stand it'

'NAL arbit•

subject of terest, an 4 ong the inr:

:• significant

hopeful to on the least ant ideals hich is noW lasgow, is fi

'ItOVOST re' containing eta in the iu favour of that these ternational and means and strife immediate

n from such he result ef the nations reease fro'o hey will 11° : which the tst them. ID at there is tent poin Y qualifies obabilitY of n of inter- Ividence 10

ang rancor- ig repressf the law of history settled by o violence, familY ant, Vie/ of ,s, 10 'I ther to Or r to eh° 3ast better a b 000.111! arguellt tion in Wl' in equallY relations, is engagea will usher Illannatit he advan- iation has pportnnil om all the

3stion. ID itance, re' can thr ight a hal° to hear it to accuPD olishly re' a French unanimous isible pur- 7ted with y betwaeu liffiealties out them" associa"

===== 0002601_19010823_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Endasfitlieb.

MATRIMONY. Military Officer. large means besides pay particulars. age and photo confidential.—Tiox 65 Adverttier Office, I, Charing Cmss, London, W.C.

N‘r ANTED . a young GENBRAL,—AppIy 29, hTaNLEIr- STREET, Cheetlaam, Manchester.

WANTED. GENERAL ; £2o.—Mrs Hunsom, Hazel Mount, Padilaam-road. Burnley.

WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS. age 25, washing. T —Apply 78. SANKFLY-STREET, Warrington.

AIITISD. COOK GIiNKHAL. srnall family; oetween VT maid kept; no washing; £18; state age, ete,—Ddrs. JOHNSON, 8. fdarson-street, Warrington.

WANTED, superior GIINEISAL, two in tarnily ; wages £l6; very comfottable situation.—Apply Miss HUD- SON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, GENERAL or Useful Help. Good comfort- abla home for respectable Girl.—Apply by letter 15 TANCRED-HOAP, Anfield-road, Liverpool.

WANTRD )IXHLPIIENCHD MINIMAL, fond of ehtldren, girl kept, guoi borne. atate wages.-111882, 38. Winifred-road. iirmaton. Maneheat,Pr.

ANTEiD, experienced 11UUSEMAID-WAIIIeISS ; age VT 24 to 28,f0r September. Small family.—Mrs.Devigs, 28 Garston Old-road, Grassendale. near Liverpool.

TAOUGLAS.—CIIALMEHS' 'YORK BOARDING-140USH. CASTLE-THRRACE. CIINTRAL PROMESADR, facing sea. Tariff on application, Late dinner.

DTABEBYSHIRB Bi,ls.—Rooms at quiet rcadside hotel;own farm ; piano.—DUKE OF Yoeic, Earl Sterndale, Buxton.

A PART +JESTS with or WITHOUT BOARD, Beds 211. 11 Mrs JOE CHALMERS. 3 Nutford Place, Castle Mona. avenue, off Promenaue. Douglas. UAIRBOURNE near B4rmouth. Comfortable APAW-1- MBNTS one minute from beach, golf, tennis, bathing Bracing climate. Mee K RERAN, Manchester House.

MO BE LET. Three roomed Furnis'ntd COTTAGE ; lorely _L view a sea and land ; one mile from rantasaph Monasfery.—Address, MRS JONES.I AILoR, Carmel Holywell.

BUTCIARECS BUSINBSS—beet thoroughfare hi Birken- head, Splendidly fitted—ereh trade—owner retiring.— ply Pa-nittaiJ. ievb d cael/134

WANTED. GENERAL n t —Win: HORSE, Wood-streets Openshaw, Manchester, TV Hill GOOD GENERAL.—AppIy, MRS SHACKLIDT, Hill rarm, Kirkby, near Liverpool.

WANTED. strong GIRL as GENERAL; must be will ng 40, RENSHIW-STREET, Liverpool.

WANTED, at once, good GENERAL SERVANT, able to wash—Apply 93, Pennock, Wigan. WANTED, RESPECTABLE GIRL about 16.—Apply by letter Mr 5 SLOAN, 47, Borough-road. Birkenhead.

WANTED. YOUNG GIRL. 16, to. assist in shop ; If ght work ; good references.-163,1,AncesTEn-nn.,Preaton.

W4NIMJ licueral NbaVitOix ; taunt), ; waged £L4 to £I.S.—MES DAVISON, Hermon Villa, Wilmslow, Manchester.

Wst.eaEll, reapeetable HUAI, briALVAN 1 ; liberal wages.—Apply Hrs. ATCHERLEY, Green-lane House, Magi:lull. near Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT. Protestant, for family of 4.—Write or apply, Mrs THORPE, Highfield Terrace. Walmeraley-toad. Bury.

WANTED HOU SEMAID-WAITRESS, Protestant, email tamily,—Address stating wages,eco.fdlis BARTLEY, bl, Prospect Vale, Fairfield, Liverpool. WANTED GENERAL, to wash, staroh, iron, and plain cook ; must be fond of children, three, wages £1.2. ROBERTS, 4, Roseleigh-terrace, Ballaquayle-road, Douglas.

ATANMAN WANTED Capable and Steady.—W. Isaac I Grocer. 26 Buttermarket-street, Warrington.

WANTED UNDER-GA.RDHNHR, a young man who can milk.—Apply THORNTON HALL, ChildEr Thornton, near Chester.

MORBOAMBB W.E.—MI9B CROSSLEY, 73, Albert-road, public and private apartments.

CLEVSLEYS.—APARTMIiNTS, Public and Private; near cars andsea.—Mrs PARTimiTow, 2, The °resent. HYL, N.W. Westholme, 6, River-street.—Supenior it) APARTIIIINTS, pleasantly lam:Led, three doors from Promenade.—Mrs NARK.

JT LANDUDNO.—Beautlful situation ; well-aired beds 4 bath; reasonable items,--511eses STRATTON, Fron dirion, Rosebery Avenue, Craig-y-don.

MORICOAMBH W.B.—APARTMENTS at M's WILLMA N'S 22, Avondale-road, near the sea, west end pier, trame, rid new Alhambra Palace, terms moderate.

BOII.—APARTZINNTS ; altting•roora, two bedrooms; moderate charges view of Menai Straits ; 10 minutes' walk from pier.—mrs WILLIAMS. Caer-Meddyg, Bangor.

DONKEY.—On SALE, a good Donkey.—D. AiNswoant Hay and Straw Dealer. 38. Thorn-street, Preston.

pot. FANCY GOODS. and Registry Office ; stock,fixtures, &c.. 80 rent 8s clear.—Apply 258,11Earorr-no.s.n.raiford.

ac. splendid business; ill Inesltt; ; rent 8s ea clear.-.14A. UPPER Dusax-sTREiIr4 Hulme, Manchester.

F MED FISH, Chip Potato, and Mineral Business to be Disposed of; reasonable ; Rouse's latest patent range. —45, LISCAED VILLAGE, Liseard.

CLIRRYHOUND PUPPIRB.—For Sale, five tboroughbrei N....A Greyhound Puppies; 5$ each.—W BARKER, Davenport Green. Wilmslow.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
DUM°I4I

Nva th;

- is laurels. near win' DEMO ile cruise ites lets is getting nbrr 1.5t11 e he will imself, Ole or in the the Prise The niArrAIT,

ie subjec ity Years' nnostioo ttal effor aWaY oda, Pe°- ons have air-13134" win the r is WilL riev ) CO tryiofs' ,he esini htiedrv; gl is gr94r Bet ab°' rudder Hewed 0° e rai°l- - air' ere is - bogittr

is separated from the lower by a canvas 'partition placed deck-wise across the cavity, so that the upper portion forms the balloon proper, and will contain pure hydrogen gas, which in lifting power is much superior to ordinary coal gas, and therefore gives greater force in less bulk. The lower cavity is divided into three c ompart- tcents, those fore and aft being retained purely as it chambers, which may be filled with gas if desired. The central compartment will contain, the whole accommodation and working apparatus of the ship, which will serve the double purpose of ballast, effectually preventing it from turning turtle," and that of keeping the whole gearing within easy reach of the .°Perator. This central chamber will afford • accommodation for cabin, state-room, larder, engine-house and fuel-bunker. It will have a door on either side, and a porthole fore and aft, which Nina serve for look-out purposes. The motive Power will be supplied by an oil-motor, which will drive a pair of four-blade propellers similar to the .our-bladed screw of a great steamer. These pro- pellers, however, project from the sides of the ulachine, and they form the main feature of Mr. )31%11AN-a/c's invention, They are constructed of light material, each blade measuring five feet by three, and being grooved diagonally, so as to have an appearance similar to that presented by corru- 'gated iron. It is claimed for this process that the blade takes a better grip of tke air, and therefore

_ secures a more effective thrust in its revolution. he angles of the propellers may be varied so as to assist in the steering and M the raising and lowering of the ship, to which they materially con- tribute. The constructors of the ship are as san- 'guine as the inventor that it offers greater proba- bilities of success than any invention that as yet aP,eared ; and as it is expected to be in readiness the Pith proX. the British public will look for- rd to the coming trials with greater interest lan ever.

The saying that there are two things no French- Plan can escape, death and the Legion of Honour, 148,1farnortal. It is also a not undeserved sneer at multiplication of "hononrs" which has been °I,;(10f the most peculiar features of the century ;Zs Past. In England honours have increased, as rapidly as in any country. Public ser- `c,e o• is no doubt deserving of honour, and it car- 'airily cannot be said that the powers who dispense the decorations have been miserly in the matter Of rewards for the efficient discharge of public duties. An ingenious correspondent now desires to institute yet another source of such reward ; this time for the special recognition of the county 'lnd borough councillor, the guardian of the poor, officials of the bodies to which these people belong. The President of the Local Government -Oar a has promised to consider the matter, and 110 doubt he will do so from all possible points of view. It is quite true that the ordinary I)lunicipal legistator generally goes unrewarded Tor services to his town, unless by some happy Chance he is mayor during a Royal Visit; but we 4re not at all sure that for purely local services , purely local recognition of the confidence and honour of his fellow-townsmen is not the most ade- quate and suitable recognition. The multiplica-1 t.ion of honours and rewards tenth to bring them 111 to disrepute, and an honour which is not valued 1011 y had t etter never be conferred. Tiacn, again, it has hitherto been the glory of our municipal 'flatitutions that the services rendered by their embers were services rendered for the good of I,"ge community, and freely without thought or VPe of reward. It is only too probable that with ;Pecial "Order of Public Service " the grateful 4ifice of municipal service would be lowered in the 4blic estimation, and the hope of reward would the minds at least of the people occupy an on- Pleasantly prominent position in the calculations ef local administrators.

--- It is an old cry that the English farmer does not cater to the extent that is possible for the batter and cheese markets of the large towns. The fact is obvious enough, and its repetition can do no harm . It does not seem, however, to be always realised by the farmer's critics that this neglect may is be altogether a waste of opportunity. He has,, it s true, let the trade slip out of his hands; nut that he makes no sustained effort to recover i it s due to the fact that his energies and capital are devoted to meeting the vastly increased de- n3and for milk from the large towns. In most eases, where milk finds a ready sale, it is better, 11:0In a business point of view, to dispose of it . that way, and modern railway facilities .tnake it passible to do so at a re- , rnunerative rate for the great majority of dairy farmers. For those otherwise situated, Utter-making offers the greatest chances of profit, If Only farmers could be induced to take the pains .J 0 make it of the highest quality, and to ,make it W :Is far as possible uniform in character. e have heard recently of sojourners in some of the most famous dairying counties sending up to London for their butter, owing to the unreliable quality of the article to be procured in the npighbourhood ; and though some margin must be allowed for zaggeration, there is undoubtedly sufficient, M truth these statements for them to make an uncom- fortable impression. The farmer should have no difficulty in producing butter vastly superior to that of the factory make, whereas, on account of its uniform quality, the town consumer begins actually to prefer the latter.

The holidays were responsible for the postpone- ment of the meeting of the Warrington Town Coun- cil until Tuesday evening, last week, and the holi- days, we suppose,must also be held responsible for the diminished attendance. The absentees included more than half of the Aldermen, who are supposed tO lend a certain amount of experience and dignity to the proceedings. To them the near approach (If November does not prove the same incentive for brethren in municipal work as to those less favoured °rethren who may be c4lled upon at an earlf date 'to give an account of their stewardship to their ]enstituents. Notwithstanding the smaller atten- 'ance the flow of oratory was fully niaintained,and lor nearly two hours the Council discussed various 141)ics of more or less importance.

„ Sankey Brook was again the subject of dis- `,4, saion. No local subject has been so frequently ttscussed and yet so barren in its results. It at- most seems as though this continual talkee-talkee served as a stimulus to the offenders for the filth 'Qot into the brook increases in volume year by I,!ar and the stench increases proportionately. „lah have long since ceased to live in the brook and wonder is that the birds of the air do not shun this pestiferous locality. Formerly it was the Practice of local authorities to deny any liability tOr the pollution, but this much has been gained teeently, that the offenders are now willing c' sit upon the penitent stool and mak e full confession of their wrong- doing. 14111 is a healthy sign and may ultimately Zad to the stoppage of the nuisance. The War- ton Corporation has led the way with a pro— Posal to ” treat the sewage from this Borough on !,:.e„elving an assurance that all otiser authorities t_ku treat the sewage from their respective (tie- ets," At a meeting of the Warrington Rural Zlatrict Council on Wednesday a similar course (3" adopted. Armed with these assurances the o,lltity Council may be able to induce all the con- a'zbutory authorities to the nuisance to mutually .enles to treat their sewage. It must not be for- as the Mayor pointed out, that the eree- coll of the new asylum at Winwick must lead the thillantY authorities to take a deeper interest in ksb, matter, for as the controlling authority of the se,„",!tlrmi Board the County Council will have to 40-I'o it that the crude sewage of the asylum is turned into the Brook, or it will be of little thin asking local authorities to stop doing some- Which they themselves are guilty of. 'What may be termed the after effects of the.

construction of the Manchester Ship Canal figured largely in the agenda of ths Council meeting. ' They form a pretty collection and are matters which call for prompt action and earnest protest. I The first of these matters which received the attention of the Council was the recommendation /of the Health Committee that the Corporation should oppose in the House of Lords the Manches- ter Port Sanitary Authority Bill. By this Bill it is sought to make Warrington contribute towards the expenses of the Port Sanitary Authority which has been brought into existence by the construction of the Manchester Ship Canal. When the Bill came before the House of Commons Committee the Warrington Corporation opposed it and pointed out its inequity, by showing that Warrington does not derive the slight- est benefit from the canal. The Corporation did not succeed in their object to be excluded from the Order and we are afraid tharea better fate does not await them in the House of Lords. At any rate the Corporation have decided to set forth the justice of their case once again in the hope of obtaining a more favourable decision. The second matter affecting the Ship Canal Com- pany which called for consideration was that of the inadequate dredging of the river. The Rivers Committee, acting on a complaint received from Messrs Monks,H all and Company, have instructed the Borough Surveyor to inform the Canal Com- pany that the plant employed in the dredging is altogether insufficient, and requiring the Company to put on additional dredgers. This is not the first complaint of the kind wnich has been addressed to the Ship Canal Company and it will be foe duty of the Corporation to take such steps as will preserve for us a navigable river.

The third subject relating to the Manchester Ship Canal Company called forth the righteous in- dignation of the Mayor. The Company has been graciously pleased to request the Warrington and Northwich Light Railway Company to pay them an imposition of £7OO per annum for the right to use the highways over the swing bridges at Stock- ton Heath and Knutsford-road, and the Light Railway Company has been so agreeable as to con- sent to such a payment. The Light Railway Corn- pany'slacquiescence is easily explained. By their agreement with the Corporation this little annual impost would fall upon the Corporation when they took over the proposed loop line of the light railway from Latchford to Stockton Heath. It was an audacious move on the part of the Manchester Ship C. "ras-1 Company to ask such a sum for the privilege of using the King's highway—a privilege which was in existence long before the Manchester Ship Canal was even I dreamt of The Mayor characterised the proposal' as being "as monstrous as it was idiotic,' but , even this strong language does not adequately describe the situation. There is some consolation in knowing that the impost will not be paid. The Light Railway Company have now been called upon to withdraw the loop line from the order' and this will pave the way for the Warrington Cor- poration to seek Parliamentary powers to enter these districts with tramways. •

A .more striking example of the difference of opinion between two medical men on the origin of a nuisance could hardly be afforded than that which we published last week in connection with what is now familiarly known as the Thelwall nuisance. It will be remembered that the Runcorn Rural District Council decided to call in an expert to in- vestigate the origin of an alleged nuisance arising from the Grappenhall Tannery and the brook which divides the townships of Grappenhall and Thelwall. Dr. Penny was the expert decided upon and his report has at length been published together with Dr Adams's observations upon it. Briefly stated, Dr Penny contends that the efflu- ent from Messrs Long's tanyard gives off at times, an offensive effluvium nuisance injurious to health. Dr Adams is of an entirely different opinion. He recognises that there is a nuisance at the junction where the various effluents meet, but he flatly denies that the tannery effluent is the source of the disease and deaths that have occured in Thelwall. He even goes farther and states that specific disease, such as that which has occurred in Thelwall, can- not be set up by effluvia, but must be generated by the bacillus of the disease itself. In the face of such a conflict of medical opinion we are not surprised that the Rural District Councillors were somewhat perturbed as to what course to take. In deciding to instruct the Sur- veyor to prepare a scheme in accordance with the Medical Officer's recommendations. which curiously anoughlagree generally with those of Dr. Penny,the Council adopted the right course. With the payment of Dr. Penny's little bill of 6:5 guineas, and the carrying out of the recommenda- tions, we hope this unpleasant episode will be brought to a close.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

When her Majesty the Queen lets it be publicly known that she hopes all ladies who are to be pre- sent at the Coronation " will employ for their dresses as much as possible material made by British manufacturers, embroidered by British workwomen," her wish ought to be equivalent to a command. British, of course, embraces Irish, and there can be no doubt as to the kindly teeling expressed in such a wish. The sums of money that will be expended by the great ladies who are expec- ted to attend the Coronation will be very large, and it will be an advantage to British trade that it b hall be spent in this country. There is no question here of the encouragement of inferior work for patriotic reasons, as the products of British factories and the work of skilled British women will bear favourable comparison with that to be obtained elsewhere. So that it is a perfectly legitimate occasion for sup- porting home industries, and the strintest political economist would be puzzled in his efforts to find anything to urge against it.

Gas compinieS and gas managers long since got over the scare created when electric lighting first began to get into vogue, and now some of them in our large towns and cities are said to be at their wit's end to know bow they are to meet the demand, among other domestic contrivances,for gas cookers, there are so many applicants. Cooking by gas was in fashion five and twenty or thirty years ago, and possibly more,but it is only of late that these stoves have come into very general use in the provinces. Manufacturers have introduced marked improve- ments, public demonstrations of their value have familiarised the public with them, but, more than all, the hiring system has led to that sudden popu- larisation which has almost outstripped the means for meeting the demand. The very extensive use of gas for beating as well as cooking, the adoption of incandescent mantles for lighting, and the wide application of gas power, show that the gas com- panies have still a very large field to occupy.

--- What do English tenant farmers think of this? The policy first urged by Mr. John Bright of "con- verting" Irish tenant farmers is making progress so rapidly that within the last twenty years. since the Act of 1881 was passed, the number of advances of sums of money to tenants is stated to have been 55,307, while the amount advanced totals up to £18,992,891 sterling. These are large figures, but what is more remarkable still is, that the arrears at the date of the report July 12) under the Act of 1885 were £2,421; and on November let last, under the Act of 1891, £Bl6 only was due. The report proves, at any rate, that the fears entertained by some of wholesale non-payment of the purchaae- money, were unfounded.

The perfection to which motor-cars have been ' brought is shown by their turning up in all sorts of unexpected places, and safely overcoming road difficulties of more than the ordinary kind. The other day an Irish telegram announced that an automobile 'party had astonished the natives by safely driving through the Gap of Dunloe,a journey familar :to tourists in the neighbourhood of Kul- ' larney. The motors came to no berm. From Geneva it is reported that a gentleman and his wife invaded the Alps and ascended the Great St. Bernard; and the Grand Duke Mikhaylovich has had a mountain tour in the Caucasus in a ten-horse motor-car. One of the war telegrams this week recounts that General French has permitted the use of railway bicycles and motor cycles, which attain a speed of thirty to forty miles an hour, the cycles apparently being in some way not revealed

===== 0002601_19010823_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY AUGUST 23 1901.

Ifitted to the railway lines. This at once suggests that if the railway mortor-cars are suitable for the carriage of troops they should be suitable also for , the conveyance of paesengers, and that the public should soon see these cars in operation on some of the branch lines of the English provinces. While the long distance fast trains have attained a high degree of excellence, the slow stopping trains in the provinces by which it is a misery to travel, are often found to be just the same now as they were twenty or thirty years ago. At any rate, they have not attained a speed equal to that of General French's railway motor-car, and their supersession by some such new method of traction would be one of the lest things that could happen in some of our rural districts.

Three months have now expired since the new dietary system at the Union Workhouses came into operation, and it is both interestinp and instructive to find Boards of Guardians reporting that. during the three months a material saving has been effEcted. Because there never had been in recent years any matter connected with the administra- tion of the poor law that gave rise to more deter- mined opposition, amounting in some cases to downright mutiny, than these new regulations, which were defended by the Local Government Department as framed in the interests of workhouse inmates, as well as with the idea of preventing waste of food. If in other workhouses besides those that have already reported, the experience is simi- lar, those who resented the order from headquarters may feel disposed to regret the bitterly antagonis- tic tone they recently adopted, while others are justified by their experience. If on the other hand there are Boards that believe there has been no saving it will be as well that they should say so, and that efforts should be made to account for the different exparience of the various authorities.

1 Municipal purity is fir-reaching, as many public bodies are beginning to discover. But there are other municipal author Wes, not above suspicion by any means, which do not appear to have yet realised the meaning of the phrase. The ruling , that interest in a gas company, or undertaking; ' precludes a town-councillor from legally voting on an electric lighting scheme in his borough may appear extreme, i but it is supported by high legal authorities. Consequently, at a special meeting of the Barnstaple Town Council this week to consider a motion hostile to an electric lighting scheme resolved upon in June lagt, the Mayor announced that under the Municipal Corporations Act no one pecuniarily interested in the local gas company could vote on the project,or even participate in the discussion. So many members appeared to b 3 interested in the gas company, that in the words of the reporter, this had the effect of " knocking the bottom out of the whole affair." The people of Barnstaple generally were in favour of the electric lighting scheme, which, it is said, will " now go ahead.' Other authorities either less informed or less squeamish, might with advantage to the com- munity make a note of this.

It may appear too good to be true, as the -saying goes, that some women are at present taking up the question in earnest which relates to " trailing dresses" and their effects upon the spread of con- sumption, thus defyieg Queen Fashion, and deferr- ing to the opinions of the medicos who attended the recent Medical Conference, and the congress on Tuberculosis. It is hoped, however, in the interests and for the well-being of the public, that the fashion itself will change, .and, then there will be still more solid reason for hope and confidence in this direction. Agitations for the abolition of ladies trains and trailing dresses have been attempted before, but died in their infancy. It says much for the medicos, however, that they have left so favourable and sensible an impression upon the minds of the gentler sex as to cause them to make a sacrifice even in their devotion to the goddess fashion, in the interests of the humanity of which they form a part. There are, of course, many other questions which may arise in this cion- nection,such,for instance, as the habit of expectora- tion on the footwaiks, the cleanliness of our streets and thoroughfares and so forth, but while awaiting the sweet will "of the local authorities to look to these matters, it should not be forgotten or overlooked that the individual can do much to make tuberculosis less common by personal compli- ance with the laws of health, and more strict at- tention to the requirements of this particular condition of things. Every one will, of course, wish the women's movement a great success.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

FATAL RESULT OF THE EXPLOSION AT A WIDNES

WORKS.

On Friday afternoon one of the men injured last week at a Widnes works, named John C Singleton, 46, Kent-street, Widnes, died at the Accident Hospital at 3.30 in the afternoon. One or two of the injured men are also said to be in a critical condition.—On Monday afternoon an in- quest was opened at the Accident Hospital but was adjourned after formal evidence had been taken.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
REINCORN BOATING CLUB REGATTA.

The unfinished races in connection with the above were completed on Saturday last, in very wet weather, and before a very meagre attendance.— The Club Championship (quarter-mile skiff) resulted as follows: Semi-final, W A Malinger beat Paohn- son, and J Savage beat H G Johnson; final, W A Malinger beat J Savage easily and secured the cup having won it for three years in succession.—The half-mile double pair scull race with cox, prizes three salad bowls, was won by Messrs J Savage, H Jones and T Green (cox), after an exciting race by a length. UNITED METHODIST FREE CHURCH, RUNCORN.

On Sunday the Rev. Walter Gay, lately of Prudhoe, Northumberland, commenced his ministry at this place of worship in succession to toe Rev. Samuel Wright,who has retired on superannuation. The rev. gentleman occupied the pulpit at both ser- vices, and appealed to the congregation for their undivided support in the work he had come to undertake. He pointed out that a vigorous church life depended upon both pastor and people realizing their respective duties and responsibilities, and en- deavouring to put into practice the teaching of Christ in their everyday life. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual choir sermons were preached at the above church on Sunday by Mr It El Posnett. The choir were en evidence with some special music in the form of anthems, solos,and quartettes from the works of Mendelssohn and other famous composers, and their efforts were characterised by a pr,!cision only acquired by careful rehearsal and training. A duet was rendered by Messrs T Worrall and W Shaw; a quartette by Misses Clare and Findlovv and Mer,srs Worrell and Shaw; and a trio by Masters J J Lunt, B Kant, and H Bate. These efforts were greatly appreciated, as were also those of Mr Posn'stt in the pulpit. Toe collections were satis- factory.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HALT ON.

HALTON PAROCHIAL COM NIITTEE MEETI T Wright, rural district Councillor, presided at the above meeting on Tuesday night,when there were also present: —Messrs J LookPr, J S Jaacock, W Moores, A Povey, George F Ashton (clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Council), and James Farrington (inspector).—A letter from Mr Evans, agent to Sir Richard Brook, was dealt with. The Clerk explained that Mr Ev nos spornli to think that the terms of the' notice with which the In- spector (Mr Farrington), had served him, to abate a nuisance nen. the Norton Arms, implied that the road was a public one. He had explained the point to Mr Evans, that the terms used were those of the ordinary notice, and that no claim was being made to the road. —T be Clerk also gave notice that a few meeting; ago the Inspector was instructed to serve notice on all owners of hous,s, the sewage whereof drained into any streams in the locality, to abate the same in accordance with the req lirements of the Rivers Pollution Act.—The Council, therefore, decided that Mr Farrington should make an intmection and report on any such places to the committee.

FULTON PARIIII COLINCIL.—.I meeting of this body was held at the Girls Scholl. Halton, on Tuesday. Mr W. Morres occupied the chair, and there were also present. Messrs J Looker. J S Jeacock, A Fryer, A Povey and A Woodier (clerk).—The question of the ownership of the waste land. and of the moat to remove soil and stones again cropped uo aid a deal of correspondence was read thereon. In face of a letter from the Clerk to the County Council, intimating that a sub-committee cf the Main Roads and Bridges Committee of that body would visit the spot, the Council decided to wait.—Mr Pavay submitted a very gratifying report of the progress made in cleansing and bcautifying the Cemetery, and intimated that Mr Tnotnas Wright had promised a dozon sycamore trees to be planted therein, and he hopes to obtain other shrubbery from other quarters. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19010823_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

The annual excursion of the Runcorn and Widnes Co-operative Society took place on Monday last, when a most enjoyable day was spQnt at Blackpool. The'town and the environments Of Blackpool have been so often described that to do so again would be superfluous One's duty is:fulfilled when the fact is recorded that the members who availed them- selves of the opportunity of visiting the favourite seaside resort were quite no to the usual fizure ; and that the " Stores Trip "still taKes the palm for popularity.

The Runcorn Wesleyan Century Fund rear•bes the consummation desired in the completion of the last work undertaken, is, the renovation of the Preston Brook WesleyanlChapel and Sunday School, a state of things whereat the Wesleyan community can well congratulate themselves. Commencing with 'Old Brunswick," Halton-road, Weston Point, and now Preston Brook, the much desired altera- tions have been carried out. On Wednesday the new Sunday schools and class rooms at Pr3ston Brook will be opened by Mrs R H Posnett, subse- quent to which the RAN? T J Choate (Chairman of the Liverpool District) will preach. A capit tl pro- gramme which will render the day a red-letter one in the history of Preston Brook Wesleyaniem, has been arranged.

---- Lastrinrsday, Mr Frank Hignett Speakman, brother of Lance-Corporal E Speakman, of the Run- corn Special Service Volunteer Corps, left Runcorn for Aldershot, prior to his embarkation for service with the South African Field Force. Mr Speakman is well-known throughout the district as a chemist of repute,and when it became generally known that he had decided on joining the Army Medical Corps, it was as generally decided that the Corps would secure an acquisition in Mr Speakman. Amongst other things Mr Speakman is the patentee of a capital" Patent Medicine," which enjoys a fair reputation. General regret is felt throughout the county at losing so capable a chemist.

Mr Hall Caine, vvhoss latest production " The Eternal City "is certainly a gain to English litera- ture, but Rancorn man by birth. One authority has it that his people were " water folk, and one day as Mr and Mrs Came came down to Runcorn in their barges, whilst stopping at Runcorn, the good lady honoured the town so far as to give birth to the now famous Hall Caine." A late lamented Run- corn sige has also given utterance to tke following remark: "If Runcorn can praduce such men as Hall Caine in twenty-four hours (the length of stay of his parents) ; what could it not do in 24 years !

It behoves me to call the attention of local farmers and milk-sellers to a new order of the Board of Agriculture, which comes info operation on the Ist of Septeraber. It is to the effect that milk which contains less than 3 per cent of milk-fat shall be presumed to be not genuine ; and milk which COD- tainq less than 8.5 per cent of milk-solids other than milk-fat (not being sold as skimmed, or separated, or condensed milk), shall also be considered as not genuinefor the purpose of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875 to 1899; and skimmed m'lk with a less percentage than 9 per cent of milk-solids shall also be considered as not genuine for the purposes of the same Act. Altogether the "Sale of Milk Regula- tions, 1901 "as they are cited, are pertinent, and concise, and aim at securing a genuine article for public consumption. Truly, the days of the "Iron Cow "are numbered, for at length the public are armed with a standard of purity which the Iron Monster" can never attain.

CRAW FORD'S CREAM CRACEERC

CRISP AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

Demonstration at Runcorn.

The Lifeboat Crew Division of the Sons of Temperance, , which ha its home at Runcorn, is a very flourishing branch of a very usetul Friendly Society, and is a branch that deserves well of all temperance people for ' the good work it accomplishes in the town and district. On Saturday tau, the Division had its annual demon- stration. The first part of the proceedings, which took the form of a parade through the principal streets of the town, was carried out with great credit by the several marshalls responsible for it ; and although the weather was dull and a drizzling rain tended to make the attend- ance a small one the muster as very creditable and was witnessed by large crowds. The procession was headed by the Weston Brass Band, and moved in the following order :—Bro Heesom, banner-master ; the banner, borne by Bros C Johnson anti J Cheaters, whilst the guys were controlled by Misses Hfit, L Johnson, L Barker and F Barker; the Juvenile Branch (male and female 93 ; Bros E Hallaworth, P MWP (Salford), Walter Davies, M W C (Manchester) ; the Adult Branch 120 and several gaily bedecked carts. DIA marshals included Bros James Johnson, secretary ; Edward Key, secretary 'juvenile branch, ; D Bisbrown, treasurer ; T Clarko, steward ; T Holt, district secretary ; T White, patron of Cadets; and E Wilkinson. Amongst the visiting biethren were Bros S D Ad, Weston, and T Kniveton, Weston. _

Upon tne return of the procession to the Greeraway- road Schools, a capital sandwich tea was partaken of by all and later a public entertainment and meeting were held. The ladies responsible for the catering were Wsdames Key. Bisbrown, and Helt,and the Misses M A Holt, Marion Holt, F Barker, A Barker and Morefield. The public meeting and entertainment, which com- menced at seven o'clock was fairly-well attended. Mr 11 Biker presided, and he was supported on the plat_ form by Messrs W Davies, MW C. E Hallsworth P WP, T Cecike, MWP, T J Holt, GS, D flis-' brown, M W T Hecieem, WP, J Johnson, FS' Tames White, WP, E Key, SC, E Tomlinson, WC, and others. The meeting opened with a selection by the Weston Brass Band. The Chairman, said although outside the Society, and not a member of the "Sons of Temperance," he was quite in sympathy with them. The two most impor- tant objects of the Society appeared to be, to promote total abstinence, and to promote thrift—both objects indisputably good for the individual, the community, and the country. (Hear, hear) It was very bard to convince people that total abstinence was the best thing for them, especially those people wile said they knew how to take care of themselves; they did not require teaching what was good for them, and could mind their own business. Tney were a hard class tn deal with, and so toe were the mederate drinkers. He contended however, that the liquor traffie was too dangerous to allow for any moderation. (Applause.) Mr James Johnson, secretary, submitted the numeri- cal and financial report of the order. merle up to the 31st December last, which showed 49,287 adult mem- b re, 205,000 juvenile members, being an increase for the year of 2.844 adults, and 2166 juveniles. The total funds were £209,703 or a gain of £13.924 for the year. The capital of the juvenile fund was £11,502 9; 11. He was glad to report that the sickness and death rate of members during the past year had meintained its hitherto, low state. The average rue of sickness was 171 days, and the death rate was only 72) per 1030 1 members per annum. Thi9 was highly satisfactory fir the averarte death rate for the last quarter of a century was but 8 per 1,000 (Hear, hear.) The Runcorn su h- I division had a membership of 323 adults and 130 juveniles, or a total of 453 Toey were. however, 1 anxious to increase that figure, and willing to take members from birth to 45 years of age, (app:serse.) Be hoped that meeting would result in some good to the Temperance cause in Runcorn. (Applause.) Mr Walter Davies, most worthy chaplain of the Order addressed themeetme, on the importance of inculcat- ing the childhood of the nation in thetprinciplea of to-al abstenanee. If they secured the children, in a very few years they would have the support of the country, and would be able to assist in making public opinion. (Hear, hear.) He spoke of the higher gifts that man received from his Creator. Was it then for them to destroy those noble q aalities ? Rather they should use them in helping to raise up a better manhood and ii better wemanhood. As an organisation they took an interest in the public welfare, which was to them a religious duty. (Applause.) Aed they extendei a hearty invitation to these willing to join in furthering the work. (Applause.) Mr E Hells worth, in an eloquent address, said teetotalers were often told they were ton extreme in their requirements for the control of the licpier traffic. They were charged with being narrow, stingy, and niggardly and to!c1 that if they were going in for legislation at all they should modify their views. In so far as it destroyed their iboys and girls; in so far as it created an unnatural appetite for an unnatural stimulant, and in so tar as it sapped the very stamina of the neeion, they could not modify their views, Tney were asked to be not so extreme.'nfle held that view once, but it was altered now. (Hear, hear.) The Brewster Sessions were corn- ing on at Runcorn, and there were to be two applications to put stimulants where the poor people lived. Where: the teetotalers of Rancorn keine to remain idle ? Some people talked of a good publican. He had yet to find one ; for it was not natural, that any of the people, who sold that which tended so much to the destruction of humanity, could be pos- sessed of the attributes of humanity. (Applause.) Be criticised the action of Parliament with regard to the Bill for the protection of children; and alluded to the manner in which publicans had come forward as vatriotsand put into power a Government which from its very composition could not oppose the liquor traffic. Their judges told them that nine-tenths of the cases that came before them were due to the liquor traffic. Were it not for the liquor traffic their slums would not be so great ; their workhouses would not have so many inmates in them ; and they would have a better man- hood and better womanhood. (Hear, hear.) Be deplored the fact that the influence of the street had a tendency to destroy the influence of the home, and appealed to his hearers to help forward the work which would rectify that evil. (Applause,) If they did not, then their lade and lasses would gravitate to the "public" or the " tenements of slumdom." Be had stood outside the prison gates, and seen the love of a child for its mother lost threugh the evils of drink. he had seen too that eduction would not stop drunkenness. Total abstinence did atop it. (Applause.) They as a society were making headway; yet they were not satis- fied with the progress of the Order in Runcorn, there- fore he added his appeal to that of those speakers who bad preceded him. (Applause.) During the evening the following programme of music, teee, was submitted : " Roman Soldier," male voice party (conductor Mr R Yates); " Calvary." Miss Carter; "Britons," the choir; violin solo, Mr J J Stubbs; recitation, Mr F Littler. The accompaniments were played tor Misses Hill, M A Holt and Mrs S Yates. Mr D Bisbrown moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr Baker for presiding; to the speakers (Messrs Davies and Hallsworth) for their addresses, and to the artists for their excellent items, and to the ladies who had so kindly aseisted with the tea.

MrJT Holt selmded. au i thP vote having ben carried with acclamation was acknowledgd by the Chairman.

The nrocoPdings terminated with the singing, of the "Doxology,"

===== 0002601_19010823_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

THD STORY OF THE T 001.9.-00, IVlORdati at the Police Court, Messrs A Thomas and J M.rry. J.P., were con- fronted with Samuel Gibbins, of the Quay, Frodsham Bridge,who had to answer a charge of stealing a driving belt.spanners, ond other tools, the property of Mr John Priestly, Holly Bank,—Mr Priestly,Sergeant Young and P.C. Deakin gave evidence from which it appeared Gibbins had been in the employ of Mr Priestly s)me six or seven weeks pTeviously working with • traction engine, and had Itaken the tools (which were subse- quently found at his house) away with him.--Prisoner admitted such to be the Case. He had taken them borne hut forgo`ten to return them. He bad no intention of theft.—The case was dismiswil.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE FREE LIRR&RIES.—THE ANNUAL REPORT. It tbe meeting of St Helens Corporation Free Libraries Committee held on Wednesday, the librarian submitted the annual report, which stated that the libraries and reading-rooms had again been greatly used, though there had been a decrease in the number of issues of books It was gratifying, however, to state that the decrease had been mainly in fiction, the issues of books of science, art, history, biography, and travel showing a considerable increase. The aggregate total issues of books for the year has Peen 170,637, and the computed number of visits to the reading-rooms 564,000. The additions to the stock of books have been larger than usual, owing to the compilation of new catalogues for Sutton and Thatto Heath branch libraries, it being con- sidered desirable to add over; 200 volumes to each of those two branch libraries. The number of volumes aided to all the branches had been 1,446, making a total of 32,254 in the central and branch libraries. The report was adopted, and ordered to be printed.

APPOINTNIENT rog A WIDNES RELIEVING-

OFFICER. On Thursday 11Ir Alfred Wood,one of the relieving officers for Widnes district, was appointed superin- tendent relieving officer for Bradtord, at a salary of £lBO per annum, Mr Wood has been connected With Widnes for the past ten years,and during that time he has become widely known and highly respected.

MOHR TEE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. BEST BOOTS FOR &U.—UNDER TEE CLOCK.'—Ad

===== 0002601_19010823_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUTHFUL THIEVES.

Coal Dealers' Office Broken Into.

At the Warrington Police Court en Thursday, two small boys named Walter Peplos:, and Henry Banner, both living in Tanner's Lane, were charged with stealing from the premises of Flether Burrows and Ca., Ltd.,Dallam-lane, at 9.50 en Tuesday night, an inkdtand and pen wiper value 2s.— The Chief Constable said the prisoners might hays been charged with breaking into the premises, but considering their youthfulness and the fact that they would have had to be committed to the QoarterSessions,he had reduced the charge to one of larceny. Messrs Fletcher, Burrows and Company's office was broken into on Tuesday night and the place was ransacked. An effort was made to interfere with the safe—a very amateur attempt certainly—and several windows were broken, and it was thought that burglars of a rather more dangerous type than the prisoners had visited the premlees Information waS given to the police, and careful inquiries were made with the result that the boys were apprehended by P C Stewart. Banner made a statement to tbe effect that be was playing in the yard when Peplow asked him to go to Pearson and Knowles' offide and see if they could get in. " There's a lot of money," be added, "and a safe inside." They went to the office but could not get inside. They then went to Fletcher Burrows' office. Peplow smashed a window and got in the offile between the bars, cutting his fingers in the attempt. He (Banner) followed him and they tried to open the safe but could not. They took the inkstand and pen wiper and threw them behind the door, from which place they were recovered by the police. Peplow made a statement which somewhat differed from Banner's but was in effect and substance the same.—Peplow now stated that Banner asked him to go to' Fletcher, Burrows, office as he knew' where al the safes and drawers were and the drawers! were generally unlocked."—lt was stated that Peplow had been an inmate of a truant school for irregular school attendance.—The magistrates ordered the boYs to receive six strokes with the birch and to be detained in the cells for three days.

W. T. WILLIAMS' SALE is now proceedinz. See Windows • for Bargains in MILLINERY. MANTLES. COATS, DRESSES. BLOUSES dc..Tge.—Sanaey-street and Legh-street, Warrington.—Advt.

H. M. ASHTON'S ran TONIO o lout KING Or TONICS.--63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—(Advt). ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH•OLASS MINIMAL 4AT.ditB.—Advt KITCHEN HANGIIS.I Tile Grates. 2darble an.l Wood chimney pieces. -Lb. GAstwo,sl tess. Bridge-et—Adv. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC i THE KING OF TONICS.-63, SAIIKEY-STaEET, Harrington.—(Advt.)

===== 0002601_19010823_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH AND SAN KEY FLORAL

FETE.

Local horticulturists and bird fanciers took a great deal of interest in the eighth annual show of the Penketh and Sankey Window, Cottage Garden, and Bird S aciety which was held on Saturday, toe exhibits being staged in two large marquees erected in a field opposite to the Infants'School, reakoth. Tbe weather was anything but ideal,pod duricg the greater part of the afternoon and evening it rained steidily,and at times the downpour was. very heavy. This naturally affected the attendance very seriously, and those present during the afternoon were but few in number. In the even- ing the weather improved slightly and there was likewise an improvement in the attendance. Whilst last year the society had a record gate, the takings this year were very small. In the window and cottage garden section an improvement in qttality was noticeable in several classes, whilst in some others there was a marked falling off, though this is more than accounted for by the diffieulties of the season, and the dry weather experienced in June and previously was, by the exhibits, proved to have had bad effects. In point lof numbers tie entries in this section were about equal te those of last year, though, if anything, there was a slight increase in the number. In the bird section, in which competitors were admitted from any point In the tea mile radius of Penketh, the con- petition was keener and the quality was considerably , superior, when a comparison is made with last year's' birds, whilst there was also a numerical advantage of '3O in the entries. The offer of a challenge cup for the first time also served to increase the competition. This is a handsome trophy, purchased by the club by sub- scription,. wnicn will become the property of any corn • petitor winning it for three ceusecutive yes rs or on five distinct occasions, This was well won by Mr J Harnpson who showed no less than 15 birds,and won the cup with a very beautiful, evenly marked, yellow Yorkshire can- ary which was in splendid condition. In tact it was the admirable conditien of the bird that caused the judge to decide in its favoue, rather than for a very free crest bird which was shown by Mr R Jenkins. Two I exhibits appearing among the British birds which attracted much attention were two nightingales. In the cut flower classes, roses and dahlias were not by any ,1 means strong, and two tempting first vrizes, offered ' respectively by Miss Bolton and Mr J B Aitken, were not awarded on account of lack of competition and the mediocre quality of the few specimens entered. The strongest clesses were undoubtedly the sweet peaa, phlox and hollyhocks, but more particularly the former two. In the vegetable classes, marrows made the best show, whilst a very fair standard in fruit was maintainel, Bread-making drew a number of competitors and was undeniably one of the most useful of the classes. There were a number of es non.competitive exhibits, and unique atneng these was a fine branch of growing, and consequently, green almonds, grown and exhibited by Mr J E /gerly of Ponketn: A fine collection of cut fl owers, amongst which were, asters, phlox, sweet peas, stocks, peppiss, Sec., and a quantity of cameo apples, Was put in by Mr B Aitken, Peaketh, whilst a similar collection of phlox, roses, a seat peas (notably some very pretty heliotrope bloo:ns), plc otees and carnations,was srfewo by Mr George Clarke. Penketh, Mr W Harrabin, Widnes, exhibited some splendidly grown cucumbers and tomatoes. Mr R Garnett, Hall Nook, Peoketh ' also showed a good c ollection of cut flowers, whilst a collection of finely grown vegetables, fruit and ed I were was exhibited by Mr W E Brown as the products of 'the gardens of the Friends' Scion!, Penketh. Amen other " not for competition " exhibits were those by Mr Ei Sampson, who put in a number of well grown red cabbages ; Mr C E Parksr, wno showed; some coeice apples, and Mr James Parnell, who appears te be a suc- cessful grower of beetroots and marigolds. The judeing appeared to be carefully and well done, this work having been Oct into the capable hands of tee following :—Mr G Clarke, L71711M, for the horticultural section ; Mr A G Davies, Manchester, for the bird section ; and Mrs Picktoa, Penken. for bread. ' Toe work of o rgaimatien largely devolved upon the two secretaries, Mr George Clarke, Great Sankey ; and NO E R Godwin, Peaketb, the latter being assistant secretary. A very large share of the work has this year fallen upon Mr Godwin. Mr Clarks having owing to necessities of health, had to take a three weeks' holiday, from which he only returned a day or two 'previous to the event. However, he gave the com- mittee and his assistant full advantage of his poet ex- perience, this assistance being of a very useful char- acter. The society,thoh-gn a small one,hee also a strong list of vice-presidents, a pleasiog balance sheet, and a good subscription list. The Peaketh Tannery Brass Band (conductor, Mr J Harper; bandmaster, Mr J Fioce) was in attendance arid rendered many excellent selections during bl:n the afternoon and evening. The programme for the after- noon was as Quick march, "roe Humber"; selection, "Gems of Eoirgreea Melody;" vats% e ile wild;" selection, "Songs of Scotland;" sehettiscee, "The Belle of Coonville;" selection, "Orispino;" pelca, "S on- I beam."

The Show was declare I open during the course cf the afternoon b 7 the President, Mr J B Aitken, who was accompanied by Mrs Aitken, The particular theme ol his remarks was a strong appeal to working men to go in for gardening, which they would find a pleasant and interesting oczupation. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to the President on the mot.on of Mrs tt Garnett. seconded by Mr G Thompson. Kindly references were also made to the work of the secretaries and a vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation on the suggestion of Mr Garnett _ .

In the evening the challenge cup was presented to the soccessful eorhp,titor, who was very heartily congratu- lated, by Mrs J B Aitken. Mr Aitken made an able and interesting speech urging workmen to beautify their homes,aftsr which votes of thanks were heartily accorded to Mrs Aitken and those responsible for the organisation of the show.

T--n-e -Col-lowing is a comnlete List of Prize Winners.

GARDENS. —BE,st kept large cottage flower garden : 1, J Waltoa ; 2, J Sampson. Best k-pt small cottage flower garden : 1, W Dutton ; 2, J Carrington. Best arranged and cultivated kitchen garden : I,J Gouiden ; 2, 8 Moss. .

_ PLANTS.—Three window plantain pots or taxes : 1, Hampson ; 2, J Davies ; 3, E R Godwin. One window plant (first pm, given by Miss Bolton), entry made , before July 6th : 1, J Davies; 2, L Foster. Cur FLOWERS.—TweIve roses : 1, not awarder; 2, J Carrington. Three roses, hybrid perpetuals 1, J Carrington ;2. W Dutton. Threo tea roses : 1, W Dutton ; 2, J Carrington. Six asters : 1, S MOiS ; 2, W Dutton. Three spikes of stocks: 1, J Carrington ; 2, J Goulden. Twelve show or fancy dahlias : 1, not awatded ; 2, J Gpulden: Three show or fancy dahlias :

...„ , J Goulden ;2 J Dkvies. Three cactus dahlias : 1, J Goulden ;2, 8 Moss. Three pom-posn dahlias : 1, J Carrington , 2, J Goulden. Three carnations or picotees ; 1, J Carrington; 2, S Booth. Three gladioli : 1, J Davies ; 2, S Moss. Three spikes of phlox • 1, S Booth ; 2, S Moss ; 3. W Dutton. Three hollyhocks : 1, J Carrington ; 2. W Dutton. Three distinct sweet Peas: 1, W Dutton; 2, S Moss. Any other sort cut flowers :1, 8 MOSS ; 2, J Carrington. Bouquet wild flowers. by children under 13; 1, E Datton ; 2, Herbert Ray ; 3, D Ray. VEGETABLES AND FIMIT,-Potatoes, red : 1, W fill; 2, J Goulden, Potatoes, white 1, W Dutton ; 2. W Hill. Six dishes of vegetables : 1, J Goulden ; 2, S Moss, Three sticks celery: 1, J Carrington : 2, J Goulden: Peas 1, E R God win ; 2, W Davies, French beans : 1, E R Godwin ; 2, J Sankey. Veget- able marrow's: 1, W Davies ;2, J Sankey; Apples, malinary, 1, J Mainley ; 2, S Booth, Armies. dessert : 1, J Goulden. Pears 1, B Boardman ; 2, S Booth. Any other variety of fruit :1, J Woodward ;2, S Booth.

GARDENERS' GROUP -1, S. MOSE/. BIRDS.-Canary, Yorkshire yellow, any variety in nest feather : 1, H Cawley ; 2, E Thompson ; 3, F Ditchtield ; vhc, J Hampson; hc, and c, W Bray. Canary, Yorkshire buff, ditto ; 1. and 2, W Bray ; 3, II Cawley; v h c, J Hampsol ; be, Smith E Sharp ; c, G Dugmore. Canary, Norwich yellow, ditto : 1, E R God- win; 2, vh c, and hc, T Fenney ; 3 and c, R Barker. Canary, N-irwich buff, ditto . 1, G Dugmore; 2, E R Godwin ; :5, v h c, and c, T Fenney • h c, F DitchfieJd. Canary, crest or crest breed : 1,2, 3, and vii c, R Jenkins, only competitor. Canary, any other v•riety 1,3, and vhc, J Hampson ;2. G Dugmore. We, any variety, any age: 1 and 3, J Harnpson ; 2, E R God- win vh c and hc, B Hobson. British bird, any variety hard billed, except birds of prey 1, 3 and v h c. J Elampson ; 2 and h c, S Booth; c. G Dugrpore. British bird, soft billed : 1 and vhc, J Borrill 2, E Sharp ;3, 8 Booth ; h c, T Penney. Folllign bird, any variety : 1, S Andrews ;2, G Dugmore ;3, J Hampson ; vh c and hc. S Booth. Selling class : 1, R Barker; 2, T Penney ; 3. G Dagmore ; v ho and h c, E R Godwin ;c, J Ramps= Hyde's class for canaries reared and moulted upon Hartz Mountain bread : 1, (silver teapot), EI Cawley. BREAD MAKINGI.-Loaf, home made, not exceeding 21b, 1, Mrs Dutton; 2. Mrs Phoenix. Additional class : 1, Mrs Atkinson; 2, Miss Booth; 3, Mrs Dutton- Boxxx.-One pound jar, this season's honey; 1, Wood ward; 2, Dickson. .

• Special pr zee were presented to the society by Mesta. Eustance, W H Podmore, Caldwell and Son, Morrison, Mather, J W Baker, W Davies, P Heath, FiEher, Mainiey and Co, Houghton, Cawley, Owen and Sons, Seed, Rigby, and Carter and Son.

Sudden Death of a Labourer. Shortly after noon on Tuesday, a labourer named Edward Hough, 33 years of age, was proceeding along Rylands-street, to his lodgings at 8, Friars Green. when he was observed to fall to the ground. A young man called the attention of P.C. Cooper, who found Hough lying on his back. Dr. Kisby nappened to come 1113011 the scene and pronounced life to be extinct. The deceased bad for some time suffered from an affection of the heart, and it was [ not deemed necessary to hold an inquest.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

CHURCH PARADE OF YEOMANRY AND VOLUN- TEERS AT NEWTON.

The annual church parade of C Troop of the Lancashire Hussars, together with a contingent of the 6h V.B. King's Liverpool Regiment, took place on Sunday afternoon. With the band, under the leadership ot Bandmaster Batley. the Yeomanry paraded 104 strong. Lieutenant Street was irt com- mand, and the chief hon-commissione 1 officers were Sergeant-Major Pearce, Quartermaster Strange. fiquadron-Sergeant-Major Abbott,Sergeants Abbott, Ball, Holdgate, Hunt, and Warren, and Sergeam- Farrier Ritchie. The detachment of the Volunteers numbered 40; and were under the command of Colour-Sergeant Appleton.An interesting service was held at St Peter's, and the Vicar (the Rev J Ryder) preached a most eloquent sermon. The men after- wards returned to the Drill Hail, where they were dismissed.

POLICE CALL Before Colonel Wood, a ewcon, on Saturday. Elizabeth Marsh. was charged with stealing three pairs of, shoes belonging to an auctioneer of Liver- pool named Sudwell, who was selling on the .Nlarket-place at Earlestown.—The accuseu was dis- charged.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Goon TRAWL/LEY.

The Pride of Earlestown Lodge meeting was held in the C3-operative Hall,Wargrave road,on Monday evening, Bra Williams 1' OT, presiding. Toe pro- gramme for the evening was in single members hands. The. meeting opened with:a piano solo, MiES Woods ; recitation, "The dying child," Sister Naylor ; duet, " Anyvvhere with Jesus," Misses Wilcock; accordion solo, Bro ; song, "The children's prayer," Sister Wools ; mouth organ solo, Bro J Wilson; reading, "handy Andy," Bro Roberts. Address by Bro Hodson L 11, Leigh Alpha Lodge. Bros G Clarke Woods, Sister Barlow, Mrs Woods and Miss Woods were appointed to draw up a programme for the next quarter. The meeting was closed in the usual manner by Bro Williamson C.T.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON. ---- Death of Mr. Abraham Burrows.

Mr Aoraham Burrows, of the—ti.r.m---;i Messrs Pletcher, Burrows, and Co., colliery proprietors, of Atherton, died suddenly on Tuesday afternoon at his son's residence, Green Hall, Atherton, at the age of 74. His death, which was due to heart failure, was entirely unexpected. Tao deceased gentleman was a Lancashire County Council alder- man, the second oldest magistrate on the Leigh b-nc.h. a prominent Liberal, and a Baptist. Mr. John Peers as a "Conscientious Objector.' At the Warrington County Petty 5e8,10139 on Wednesday, Mr John Peers, " The Haws," Penketh, appltei for a certificate exempting his daughter from vaccination.—On being asked to state his reasons for making the application, Mr Peers said he conscientiously held that vaccination would be injurious to ths health of his Child—The applica- tion was granted.

A Newton Man Rescued from Drowning. Some excitement was caused at the aorta end of Prince's landing stage Liverpool on Monday after- noon through a man named Donald 'l'lntyre,of New ton-le-Willows, jumping into the Mersey. He was promptly followed by Mr. William Chamberlain. an electrician, residing in Rappart-road, Seacombe, who succeeded in grasping him ant holding him above water until a lifebuoy was thrown in their direction. This article Chamberlain succeeded in placing under the drowning man's chin, and mean- while Dockgateman Corran @vomit tower's toe couple, and assisted in bringing the struggling individual ashore. The three men were taken to Prince's Receiving Hoase and treated by Mr Spooner, the manager of that institution. Corran and Chamberlain were loudly cheered by the scores of persons who from the Landing-stage watched their plucky endeavours to save tie man. The German Bottle Trade Dispute.—St. Helens Delegates. The dispute between the glass bottlemakers of Germany and their employers has aroused great interest in the glass ;;ottlemaking centre of St. , Helens and other districts of England where the trade is carried on. For some years there has been a keen competition between the Eng- lish bottlemakers and their foreign—mainly German—rivals' and the present dispute is tck be discussed at an international conference of glassworkers, to be opened at Hanover on Sunday next. It is undentood that the German workmen are contending for the right of combination and increase' wages, and they are being financially supported bj their English fellcw-workers. The British delegates to toe international conference will be Mr ft Hunter, of St. Helens, secretary ; Mr W Hale, representing the Lancashire Glass Bottle- makers' Association ; Mr A Greenwood, secretary, and Mr W %neater, representing Yorkshire ; Mr Heptenstall and Mr Robinson, representing the North of England ; and Mr Murray, representing Ireland, with Mr T Voelkel, acting as interpreter The delegates left Englani on Friday.

Du. J. COLLIS BROW.NES CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CfILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wooderfel.and valuable remedy ever dis covered.

OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for '.l Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. OfILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea 4,-) and is the only specific In Cholerasal Dysentery. OIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- ea, Rheumatism, gout, Cancer, Toothache, Menirtgitig. &c.

From Dr. B. J. Dorrams AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whsterer cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's cionsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera tad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOE°. DYNE."—See Lancet. let December. 1864. I CAIMON.—BEWAREC OF PIRACY AND MITA- TIONS. - _

—CAUTION.—ViCe-ChanceliVTWW. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comas 13RowsE was. undoubtedly, the inventor cf "CHLOBODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Z‘TYLCS, 13th July, 1964. Sold in bottles at Is. Es. 9d., and 43. 6d. None is genuine without the words "1)R. T. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

DOUCiLLS.—Egerton House, 6, Clarence•terrace, Centra Promenade. Facing the lea; tea. bed and breakfast, 3s 6.1 Private sitting-room, Miss CORLET.T. Proprietress.

110LACKPOOL.—Mrs JACKSON, 10, Branagrick-street LI south Beach ; near sea. Ceiltral Statiool, and amuse ments APARTM ENTS ; bed and waiting ,for two, 2s daily piano.

BLACHPOOL. Apartments ; home comforts, 10r without board. Close to Central Statiou, sea, and all places of amusement. Piano.-11Irs (LL and DAVEY, 34, Hornby•road.

CLEARANCE SALE OF TRIUMPHS, ROVERS, AND VULCAN, CYCLES, AT £9 10s. CASH. ONLY A FEW TO CLEAR AT THIS PRICE. J. AND S. CHURCHILL AND CO.

CROSS:LANE, EARLESTOWN.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
A PINT LEMON BLANC-MANGE

FREE.

For the befit of those who appreciate a gond Blanc- Mange, we wish t snake it as widely known as possible that a pint of most delicious Lemon Blanc-Mange, deli- cately tinted, and exquisitely flavoured with Lemon can be made from a Id packet of "Eiffel Tower" Lemon Blanc-Mange Powder, You should obtain it from yeur grocer. But for those who cannot get it ws may say that Messrs Foster, Clark and Co., 3796 Eiffel Tower" Factory, Maidstone (who are also the makers of the celebrated 4' Eiffel Tower " Lemonade). are wisely sending sufficient to make a pint free on receipt of a postcard—we say wisely, because those who once try it will certainly continue to use it.

• I

I

;7: ,

===== 0002601_19010823_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURE YOUR LIFE.

Insure your life against the attacks of disease by taking a course cot Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. This preparation is The TOst liecned7 of the Age for Weak- ness, Nervousness, Indigestion, L3W Spirits, Sleepless- ness,..lnfluenza, and Chest Affections. A promising future has often been clouded through toe breaking down of the bodily hea,ith. Timely use of Gwilyin F.vans' Quinine bitters, and a fair trial, a, ways gives satisfaction to all, for it makes the weak strong, and strengthens the nerves to withstand many ailments. Indi4estion, in its different form, has many symptoms, e.g., a dry cough, sick headache, foul breath, furred tongue, bitter taste, heartburn, cramp, pain in the stomach, flatulence, frequent sighing, a sense of fullness and oppressions after eating, and the like. Al! may be removed by taking Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters. A sense of indisp4sition to exertion, loss of strength, faint. nEss. languour, and depression of spirits, are classed under the ummon name of debility. This disease, from which so many suffer in soin of its various forms, is really the result of Some oe!eet in the blood, its want of tone an I vitality. Gwilym Evans' Quinine victors a pure getable tonic medicine, give tone to the blood, new life to the sss-ern and atr-nzth to the debilitated. S aid everywhere in bottles 23. 9.1. and 43. 61. each. W HAT A TIMELY USE WOULD DO.

Consumption implies consuming, decayinz, wasting away. lince, any form of disease that shows decay or wasting of any of the bodily powers, without the ability to convert the food, which may be tak..n into fresh power to arrest the progress of this denims, ss Cmsump- tim. A timely use ot Gwilym Evans' Quuine Bitters, the Vegetsble Tonic, to waken up the lo.dity powers to new lite, would arrest the disease, and indeed, banish it from the Sf Vern. The impoverished blood in the human sy..tem may be made rich in all the elements of vitality, bringing strength to the system, freedom from pain to the body and comfoit to the home, by using Givilrm Evans' Quiuine Bitters. When Dispepsia hr,lds its cruel sway the undigested food lies like a big lump in the stomach, cau•iag intense pain and a rehsation of beav:— DeS3. Fr,rmentation ensues. groneraticg sour wind with local irritation. The power of this uread tyrant is effectually broken by tskinP Gwilym Evans' C2linine Bitters. When purchasing this preparation, see that you 2et it. The name .• Gwilym 7,vans " must be found en the label, on the scamp, and on the bottle, to insure its being genuine. When you find the name, then you are sure there is no tnistalle. Gwilyrn Eves' Quinine Bitters is sold in bott!es 2s. 91. and 4s. 61. Each, fly all Chemists and Stores, or will ho sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamp, direct, by the Sole Proprietors Quinit.e Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Lianelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

WARNISG TO STONE THROWERS-SMART FINE INFLICTED•

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday before Mr Monks (in the chair) and other magi,-trates, Berbert Bampton a yning man living at 16, antrolostreet,was eharged with throwing stones in Dallatn-laee, to the danger of passers-by, on the 9 h pleaded guilry. P.C. L wis said that at a quarter past seven On 81,-tirday morning. the 9:h August, he was on duty in Dinam-'arie wh-n h netic.,l that a gas Jaren bad been brnken.Ele instituted inquiri 9 a ni fcnind that the defend ant had broken the I.rnp by,hrowineia stone at answer to the Chief C estable. Lowis stated fiat since he had been station- d at the new Out-F'olice Szatien in Winwick-road, the number of complaints received about of us-throwing had been apoalling.—Tne Chief Co:- stable stated that never since he had been in Whrrin,,ton had there hem so many complaints ahr.tat dimgi to gas lamps and unoccupied cottage Property. It was absolutely disnouraging to him.—Mr haddock, from the Cnrpnration Ga Works,said the damage done in certain parts of the town Was very considerable. The lamp, were deliberately tor ,ken. Workmen were constantly bringing broken lamps in to be toteone .—Ti'l Chief Constable said he hoped tin press wou'd let it be known that the police intended to spare no pains in detectin, offenders and bring th, m before the magistrates.—The Cnairman,in fining Bimpton i and cost,.recommended Mr Fladdoe't to take proceedings against him for the d•mar-e. It Was for the comm,ttee to protoer, the property as !far as they could from damage. All they e,7.12id do In that court WAS topu iso de.fendanrs for an rffr!nce against the bylaws.—Tee penalty amcunted to £1 Os 6

===== 0002601_19010823_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
MEAN FRAUD AT L

At the L7MM Pe-ty S,ssi.ns on Wednesday. tefore Mr T P .N.;rris (in the chair) and Dr BreY3Z3'l, John PniHips. a S-atham labourer, was charged with ob-air— inz mo,ey toy false pretences from Edwin Moston and Jams Bolt. Be rleaded nuilty.—Edwin Moton,La. mm .Aid that on the 3 h init, he was pas-iag the Nag's Read Inn when he saw prisoner standing In the middle of the road. p,isoner gave him • piece of paper on which was written "William Phillips nied at two o'clock this morning. is in no club." Witness gave prisoner I. He shoald have given him more if he had had it upon him at the time. He felt sorry for the min. Re knew William Thillips, who was prisoner's father. He was now in court.—James Bolt, gamekeeper, said that on the same day the prisoner stopped him in the road and asked him for a trifle of money to help to burr his father. He said his 'father had died that morning at two o'clock. Witness gave prisoner,—Sergeant Garner said he received information of this matter on the 10:h. Be found that prisoner had obtained money' from several other peop:e besides the two witnesses.—Prisoner pleaded that he was far in think at the time and be did not know what possessed him to do this thine. He had alwar Fl looked after his father.— Sergeant Garner said the offences were not all committed on the same day.— Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES. • Warrington Borough Court,

MONDAT.—Befors—Mr. F- Monks (in the chair). Councillor Smethurst and Messrs. Birchall and Thornton. SOLDIER IN TROUBLE —Henry Orarge, 6, Dolimak's-lane, wee charged with being an absentee him the depot of the South Lancashire Regiment. stationed at Orford Barracks since the 7th inst —Superintendent Monaghan said that on Saturday night he was in Dolman's-lane, when he saw the defendant sitting on a doorstep. He was without his tonic ear, and belt. Witness said to him "You are S deserter " Prisoner said he was not, brit admitted being an abientee. Witness took him into the house, and was informed that he had teen an absentee since August 7th.—Prisoner was handed over to an elcort from the Barracks, and the Superintendent was recommended for the usual reward. VAGRANCY.—FIorence Madden, of no settled abode, WAS charged wilh sleeping out on Aroley Fields at half-past three on Senday morning.—P.C. Johnson said that he found prisoner lying asleep 13:t the Cricket Ground. He took ner into cue.ody. and found that she was destitute.— Prisoner was sent to gaol for seven days. LIVELY TIMES IN BERRY S YAllD.—Michael Quinn and Michael Flynn. of Berry's-yard. were charged with com- mitting a breach of the peace by fighting in berry's-card, oa Saturday. August 10th.—P.C• Burton proved the cage, and said that Quinn, who bad his shirt off. was brandishing an open clasp knife.—Both were bound over to keep the peace, and ordered to pay the costs. IRE EssuLT or PLAYING CRICKET IN THE STREET.— Robert Wiliam Jones (14), 7. Jockey-street, Robert Cha.dwiek (17). and Charles Chadwick (In), 160. Liverpool- road, were charged with playing cricket in a passage between Jockey-street and Winwick-road —P C. Lewis said he received a complaint from a man named Leigh thit theve lads load been playing cricket fleas his house and had brott ea one of the wind we. Witness saw Jones, and he Said" We were playing cricket near the house, and I knocked the ball through the window." He also saw the two Chadwicks, who told the same story.—The three defendants now sad that they were not playing cricket. The younger Chadwick and Jo,ies said they were - passing " the ball and the elder Chadwick said he threw the ball to Jones. who bit it with a tiere f wood—Alexander Leigh said that his window was broken by the ball (produced). Several children were in t e house at the time and narrowly escaped being hit by the hall. Ten panes of glass had been broken in two yeare.—A One of sis wits imposed A CHANCE FOR iliionmartorr.—Bliz tbeth Holbrook. 47, Watkin-street, was summoned for neglecting her four children. James, Thomas, Mary and Day d. on August 6th and other dates. Mr Browne. on behalf c! the N.S.P,C C., fetid the principal objects for which the society prosecut,-d were the punishment of the tenon who neglected the chit area, the deterring of other people from bringing them- selves within the laW, and the improvement of the homes of the people In this case the husband had been a teetotaler for 16 years. The wife drink. unfortunately, but she had promised her husband that if he w mid give her another chance she would make a change. lie was going to sea her to make the promise puteioly• If she would promise to sign the pledge and keep It DO action would be taken againiit her but If she broke her promise the case would be proceeded with. He therefore asked for an adjournment for eight weeks.— Mrs Holbrook gave the necei aary promise, and the magistrates adjourned the case for eight weeks.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

r.DNESDA.Y.—Before Messrs. W. H. Blenkly (In the chair)

and J. Ball. IiNMOvING SWINE WITHOUT A LICENCE.—John Skilblek, Rixten,wa summoned in twl cases for removi.,g swine with- out a licence as Itlaton (which is situated in an infected area.) —P.C. Clarke stated that a short time ago the detendant came to him for a licence for the removal of a pig, and witness ascertained from bin that he had removed seine to the " Bowlinz Green " Inn and t o the premises a EilZ4 R chardeon without licenees.—A. fine of ha and costa in each case was inflicted.

Runcorn Petty Sessions. MONDLY.—Hefore Messrs F J Norman and I Imison. Licvssnvo BuBt:lEBB.—A pplication was made by Mr Thos. Price, land'ord of the Lion Hotel, to effect some alterations to the kitchen of his premises —Application was also made by Mr Butterworth, on behalf of the Wilderspo.l Brewery company, to effect structural alterations to the Manchester House, Church-street. Theee alterations were intended to afford more accommodation and privacy for the tenants.— The Bench, after Inspecting the plans submitted, granted the applications. Mlbrrn CAM.—Charles Howard, a Latchford man, was hoed 51 and colts for driving an cmnilgue, at Button, without

light.—Arthur Booth, a boy, of 44, Greenwav-road. was fined 4s 61 (the costs) for throwing stones in the street ; and another lime by "FRS mulcted in a similar amount for playing rounders in the street. T.IIE PRIS,OIIERS.—Johrs Owen, a tailor on tramp, for being drunk and disorderly in Church-street, on the 17th met, was committed for seven days.—Mary. Quinn, an old " lady pedestrian, ' was charged with being prank fu Church- street, on the 17th lost, and was allow erd to " stand down " on pronoistng to leave the town. SLE,PING OUT.-Ilbert Rowe a young boy, was found by P.C. Wilding cleaning out in Brook-street, at 4.30 a.m, on the morning of the 16th instant. Owing to his tender age the magistrates dismissed him with a cau ion. HUSBAND AND Wmi.:..-15argaret Ann Ellison, summoned her hushan Thomas 331:ison for assaulting her oo the 12th August.—Mr Knowles, solicitor, Widens. defended.—lt appeared, on the day in question, the parties had had a bit of a "tussle" about going apstairs, in which the hu band got the hest of the argument —Yrs Wilson con- tended she hart been hurt very mutob.—Mr Knowles elicited the (set that the parties bad coma differences for a consider- able time past. due to a '• lodger " figuring in the case, and Intim ttel on behalf of the husband that if the '' lodger "was got rid of,the husband (who had t-en sent away by the wife) would return.- This view of the case made the Chairman , remarkthat it wage question which could be the better settled by the ran:es aud. lir Knowles, and they allowed the Case to be withdrawn.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURNING FROM KLONDYKE. ---- Steamer Sunk by Collision with an Iceberg.

Great Loss of Life.

The Skazway steamer Islander, belonging to the Canadian Pacific Aliv.kin line, struck an iceberg near Jainceu. Alaska, on Friday morning, and foundered. Sixts-five of the passengers and crew were drowned. Among those reiyarted lost are the wife, daughter and niece of Mr Ross, governor of Yukon ferritory ; Mr Andrew Keatieg and his two sons, lately arrived !coin Eagland ; Dr John Dancan, Victoria, and Mr Douglas, wholesale merchant. of Vancouver. A mdlion dollars in ,rPvure went clown. A returning miner strapped 8,000 dollars in gold round his waist. Toe weight of money made the lire presuver topple over, and be was drowned.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPHIC DETAILS OF THE DISASTER.

- A grapoic acnant ot toe disaster is telegrApbed by the Victori% correspondent of tlo Lmidoa " Erening News." He ea7o _ .

There Was £475,000 in gold, which was being brought from Itiondike, on cue Islander, £lOO,OOO ot watch was carried by passengers. Mr H. H. Hart, who spent 16 years in the bleak Klondike as a gold miner, lcia;. £135,000 in dust. So ssvere was the siock when the Islander struck the iceberg that every door was jammed fast in the staterooms, and pasaengers and crew were forced to break thrrmgh windows to reach the deck. :steward Simpson lost ten men in his department, and his description of the wreck is very clearly given. Awakened by the shock, be broke out of his room and reached the bridge, where the pilot, La Blond, was on the watch, and with his mate ordered out the lifeboats, as the vessel was then filling rapidly, and the chief en- gineer reported that the pumps were unable to take care r..t the water. He then hurried below, and with an axe . broke down the lower stateroom doors, and continued the work of liberating the imprisoned pasaen,gers until the water forced him to go to the upper deck. By this time the ship's boats wer..l loaded and bad get away. While the officers were getting out the last life raft Captain Foote called to all han..ls to clear the ship. as she was about To go down. This was the captain's last order, as at that moment the ship sank. When the ves- sel was going down her barters exploded, causing the death oi many who might otherwise have escaped. Tee captain, leaping clear of the wreck, was picked up by the lifeboat, which in some manner was overturned. Some nasamgers say that Captain Foote reached the lifeboat. hut that when be saw the extent of the disaster he jumped overboard. piny Di passengers, beaded by the I dander's chief enginser, reached Treadwell, A 14,111, at nail-past eight in the morning, having walked up the beach twenty- eve miles to appeal for help. Toe steamers Lucy and Flossie reaponded promptly. The Flo9Sie returned from the scene of the wreck at noon, with her flag at half- maw:, baying the surviving pas;engers and six of the dead aboard. A description of the disaster by the cur- is heartrendinar, and the unanimous testimony is thst all were heroes and none cowards. Pilot Ls Bond, who had charLre of the steamer at the trine she struck, says ;—" The night was line, and as we always expect to m it ice a sharp look-out was kept. About 2 43. when the crash Cam., the stearn=r was under lull speed. No ice was in sight, and there was no fog. The fatal berg was no dcub: even with the water. After she s'ru:ik we stopped the engines, when Captain Foote appeared wi,h the night watchinao,who reported the ship leaking for ward. I told Captain Foote we bad hotter head for the b.:.ach, but the ship was taking water so fast she could not answer her nelm. Then I called the mite, and oirdered tne boats out. This was done, and they were loaded with passenger'. Many passengers jumpa-d overboard, with life pre-servers on. I jurnpel overboard, and was in the water two hours and a (patter before securing a piece of wreckage." I: is less than a month ago that the Islander rescued and brought to Victoria the crew of a Klondj, ke ship that had been wrecked.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

North Defeat South.

There was a large . attendanco at Dulwich Baths London, on S iturday, when the annual polo match betweeu these districts was played. From first to last it wag appartnt tnat the North were by far the superior side, for they were cleverer in combination and shot with greater vim. In the opening half they quickly scored goals by the aid of G Wilkinson, and T Wild- goose, after which PC. Robertson added one for the South. North led at the interval by two goals to one Oa re-starting Ripley added a fourth and Swift tne fifth for the North. Bobertson then aided - one for the South. North won by five goals to two. Lancashire v. Cheshire.

The eigazement between team repreienting these counties took place in Hyde Corporation Baths on Tueeday evening. This was the first of the Cestriaus' matches, whilet Lancashire had previously met and detested both Yorkshire and Staff ordshire. Lancashire defeneed the deep end, and early in the game Ripley scored for Cheshire. Lancashire were superior in VIE. tioation, and they gave the home backs plenty of work, Wildgoose hting most prorninent. Wilkinson scored f Lancashire,and immediately afterwards the same player sent in a ripping shot,which beat McDonald. Wilkinson added a third, and at half-time Lancashire led by three goals to one. In the second half Cheshire were clearly overplayed, and had it not been for the fine play of Wildgonse a heavy score would have been recorded. Shaw added a tcurth for the visitors, then Wilkinaon put on a couple ot goals, and the Lancastrians ran out winners by bis: goals to one.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Beaten by St Helens.

Warrington sustained defeat on Tuesday evering when they met St. Helens in a First Division Lague match. The engagement took place in the S. Helens Corporation Baths, both the teams being representative. In the first half Warrington defended the deep end,and generally got the ball first from the swim-off, but St. Helens played a superior game. 'fhe St. Helens cus- todian was tested in the first minute, but fisted away and from a foul Penninnton passed to Walker, who opened the score for St. Helens. Some lively play followed, and Heaton added the atcond for St. Helens from a foul. Ashton missed by inches with a fine shot at the S. Helens god, and after Lomax had made a gond attempt at the other end he succeeded iu peen-trat leg the Warrington defence, after a good pass by renn ington. Th- 5. Helen; defence WAR now tested, but it was up to the mark, and half-time arrived with St Helens leading by three vale to nil. On resuming, a foul was granted against St. Helens, and Peers mulled a fi •e chance. Several shots at the St. Helens goal were over, but last Peers got one through with a back- handed shot. S. Helens were not long in increasing their lead, Lomax scoring after some excellent passing. After tkis the play was even, each team scoring one goal the final being St: Helens five goals, Warliogton two goals.

No new issue is to be made of the 411 postage stamp and as stocka in the hands of postmasters are almost exhausted the stamp will in • few weeks be a thing of of tee past. Since On introduction of the preen parea most rates in 1897 there has been practically no need for a stamp of that denomination.

The Electric Express Railway. The King on Saturday gave his assent to the Mono-rail Bill, which thereby formally, as well as actually. became law. The Bill has been before Parliament two sessions. The tirst session it did not. go beyond the Committee stage of the House of Commons; the present session it passed both Lords and Commons, and altogether has been 38 days in Committee. There has been no such Parliamentary fight over a railway scheme since the first steam Railway Bill was introduced in the forties of th e nineteenth century. The cost has necessarily been enlrmous—in thp case of the promoters alone over £50,000. The next step in regard to the Mono-rail Bill will be to acquire the land on which the line must be laid between Manchester and Liverpool. The promoters have obtained compulsory powers for the purpose, so that in case a landowner asks a fancy price he may be compelled to sell at the ' market rate. No steps have yet been taken in that direction. No difficulty is anticipated in complying with the rather exacting conditions of the Board of Trade as to the working of the line, and in about three years, it is expected, the lightning express will be running between Manchester and Liverpool.

CRICKEI . -L-00TBLLERS w,ll be glad to know that the world-farnd manufacturers, Geo. G. Bassey & Co„ of London, turn out tails which for quality, uniformity, and durability are unique. These balls will be distinguish ,d by the appearance thereon of their well-known trade mara. Ask the local Sports De4ler for G. U Ti. &Co 's Price List, If not procurable, apply t.,.33 and 38, Queen Victoria Street.

• London. (1) Secreiaries of Crizket Clubs are reque,tel to note that retorts of matches played on Saturday must re,ch the Head Office. Bewsey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

WARAINGToN V. CHELDLSI 141.71.7,1 Z.—This turn engage- ment took place at Cheadle Hulme on Satu ay, :tut owing to the min proved very unintereating. Score

WARRINGTON. CRE•DLE lIIILME. 3 Callon can b Ttatber ... 9 A R Taylor c Gibson b B Silcock c and b Badfori 8 Bi!alv J A Briggs c Ballord b C H Williams b Gibson 8 Teatber JGi bboa b Ra.dford 3 W Bibby c and b Teather 3 G R lladford not out G Hamp3on b Teathe:'

T Thornpeon C llick-enson b Hartford E Woids c and b Hadtord 9

A Duckworth b Teather l5 B Gibson not out

Tiewls ab3ent 0 ras 1

Extras 1

Tol 95 Total (for 3 wkts) 47 EOWLINGr ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. CHEADLE HULME. 0. M. B. W. 0. 14. R. w. GE Radford... 15 43 4 3 W Bibby 6 0 26 2 Teal her OUGHTRING MN PARE v. LYmm...-Flayed at Oughtringten Park on Saturday. Sore ,- 01T6HTRIN9TOM PARK. LYMM. Dewhurrt c Williamson b Weltwell b Dewhuret ... 9 Gibbon . lO Gibbon a Whlcelegg b Clare b J A Ferris 'Pearson bJ A Ferris ..... 11 Wilks b thomley 3 Corner run au" 9 A N' Other c Brazandale b b J A Ferris Telfer bj A Ferris l5 3 A F.-rris c Clare b Bromley bA B Ferris Rowlin4o, bA B Ferris ... CI Al 3 Ferris run out ...... 11 Kirkpatrick b 3 A Ferris... 0 Williamson b Dewhurs, lO Joseph not out 4 Parker not out 1 Whitelegg not out Extras 7 Extras . ..... : . 2

Total

Total 63

PETER WALE .ft AND SOvF.—WARRINGTON V BERTON.— The above cricset fixture w.s paved on Saturday last (August 17th). on th- Brewery grrednd at Arpleo,and resulted in a win for the horn. team. Luncheon and tea were par- taken of at the Lion Hotel, the catering being carried out under the able supervision of Mrs Gilbert. In the evening the party were shown through Dallam Brewery, they also paid a visit to the stables In otamford-Street, and the ::nlen- rad stud norses were much admired. among which is the famous geidlng Illsaiajesty " recently purchased from the Royal Stud Farm at Battnoral. Score : BURTON. WARRINGTON. A Bunting run out 1 J Tilling b Weaver (.1 Baton L Ashton A Faulkner c Ashton b J Arber b Weaver Tilling 0 W Ashton b Atherley ll W Tomlinson c Perrin b J Lloyd not out ...... 5 Ashton .1 if &mild c Lloyd b Knight, J Perrin Jebn- Ash•.on - W We :ver c Caine a worth. Ashton T Shipley b Ashton II S Fisner not out 2

Cr— ;tilerley h Tilling T Merrick c Cain b TiUiiig (1 E Web b Ashton • 0 Extras 0 Extras 5

Totl. ig

Total 46

===== 0002601_19010823_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
HIE EXAMINEE, 14211)A V, AUGUST 23 1901.

I QUEER CURES FOR DISEASE.

-- Freezing, bahing, illuminating, torturing, frightening and bruising are among the accepted way* 01 curing certain diseases.

BAKING AND FREEZING.

When one has well-developea rueumatistn he is placed in a species of stove and the crystals of uric aci are literally melted out of his body. Another odd cure for rheumatism was burial in damp, warm clay. Toe treatment was uot a success, however, and this form of care has been given up. The frerzing cure was first introduced by a Swiss doctor. He placed his patients in sheets immersed in ic 3 water, packing the patient ad about with cru.hed ice. 'raja treatment is to-day used iu typhoid fever cases.

Or the patient is plunged into an ice-.r bgb. ThA treatment savea many lives. Raging fever above 105 degrees Fahrenheit bag been brought to normal-94 degrees—in less than ten minutes.

Neither of these modes of treatment actually freczas one. A French physician, however, introduced in 1390 an a:nmonia-vapour method which really ircz3 the patient. Toe body was placed in a chamber into which c-u.tain chemicals were introduced. Ammonia gas, by suddon evaporation then prcduced incense cold and the binod ia the body lost mnst of its heat.

Tnil method did n t with success. S)me pitients succumbed to the drastic mei3ure and the practice was atandoned.

BUN AND ELECTIOC LIGHT.

Another doctor 1148 dev.st d a me, hod of treating a cancer by sualight. In fact, his exp2riments have extended to other torms of disease. By means of a large reflecting mirror he drives the actinic or chemical rays of the sun through the body. He even found it possible to take photographs through toe human body, hut of course tins had little to do with the curative properties of the method—s sort of gotle, broiling. Somewhat of the SAMEI order as this method are baths given in electric light. 'The patient is placed in a room in which are hundreds of electric tei!lo 4. The sides of the walk, the c-ilings and even Vie iiiors are covered by , lights. 'roe patient is stripped, and when the electricity is turned on he finds himielf in a sea of light in which ,he literally bathes. Toe eyes are protected from the strong eff wgence. After one's body has bathed for half an hour in electric light it is said to tingle all over Tn:3 blood riddles more free]y through the veins and the circulation is improved if it were previously out of order. For various forms cf hysteria the "shocking " system has been introduced. The phrase is misleading. There is nothing morally objec-ionable in the " shocking " system aria, it frequently works remarkable cures. A byeterical ' patient is brought to a doctor who believes in this cure, and suddenly, on the first appear- ance of hysterical sympt uns, the p atient is startled, either by a sudden apparition of some sort or by a load, . startling noise.

This " surprise " rnethcd has cured many persona not only of hysteria but of deafness and stuttering. Epileptics who were supposed to be chronically affi ct A have been per manentiy cured in OFIP treatment. This pia:tine was first introduced by Dr Bolgiano.a Milanese practitioner, who lived early in the nineteenth century. Is Was discontinued owinz to heart failure of some of his patients as a result of, sudden surprise. hut in recent year in Berlin the method has been revived. Before the natient is " shocked " careful examination of the heart h made to ascertain if he be tree from lesions of any sort. If the heart be weak the patient is treated in a more or hoary way.

PLUNGE-BATHS AND PISTOL-SHOT.

In " shocking" a patient into la-e-a-lth-m—a.nv strange devices are resorted to. For instance, one doctor bad a hidden trap opening over a large tank of water. The hysterc il patient was suddenly dropped into this tank of water. The hysterical patient wa- suddenly dropped into this tank without warning. Many cures were effected by this means, which is comoarativAy mild ; other doctors have had weapons fired off over the patient's head, and frights have been given in various ways, according to- the ingenuity of the practitioner and the susceptibility of the patient. Most persons are familiar with the missage given by what is known as the Swiss movement. A verses of mechanical rubbers are connected with hand-worked machinery. The arms of these rubbers are placed on eccentric wheels, which impart an odd movement to each arm. _ _ _

The bndy. being placed in a sort of fram.. the Sias rubbing pads are placed on the back, houlders or any other parts to be m issagc,d. When the malnine is 816, in motion the patient is rubbed in a peculiar way which no human hand or arm could ac;oinplh.h. Thl Swiss movcment is esp,cishy valuable to those wan have impaired digestion.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLLUTION OF THE SHIP

CANAL.

The Case for Manchester.

The Rivera Committee ot the City Council have pre- pared an answer to the charge that Manchester was offending more and more in ad ling to the po:lwien of the Ship Canal. has been allezed again and again at MPA'tines of the Msrsey and Irwell Joust Rivers Core- mittse, who are the local amthority in the matter of river pollution, that tee rtfl lent from the Corpsration Swage Works at D snyhulme had steadily grown worse during the last few years, and that the C -rperation were spending less upon chemic sla new than forme sly. Tnese complaints having been formally brought uncier the notice of the Rivers Committee of the Corporation, Mr Gilbert Fowler, chemist and super intendent of the Davyhuime works, was iestructed to make a report on the subject. This he has now done, and his report was under consideration at the tw•eticia of the Rivers Cmocnittee on Monday. Mr Fowler ststee:— Tne chemist is anxious to do all that is possible to mitigate the intolerable stench from th. Ship Canal in hot weather, from which he is himself a sufferer. From the evidence he has brought forward, however, he does not consider that any further addition of the present chemicals will pereeptibly increase the purity of the effluent from the works of the Manchester Corporation. The chemist to the Mersey and Irwell Joint Coaern.ttee has himself pointed out the danger of adding excessive amounts of chemicals to the sewage, and so increasing the amount of oxide of iron in solution, which after wards rends to sepsrate out as sulphide. At present ' six or seven tacks are in actual operation every day, 11 which is double the number in use when the flow SPAS Ismaller in amount. The chemist does not consider, I therefore' that the tank space is inadequate. There is, in fact, adanger of using too many tanks when work- ing on the continuous flow system, in that during :he hours when the flow is at its lowest the rate of flow through is so slow that the tanks readily tend to oecnine black and septic. 'To work by the method of stationary subsidence would mean the entire recon- struction of the works, and it is very doubtful whether any real benefit would be obtained. At present one or more tanks are emptied and sludged almost every day, and this can be done so long as the steamer is regularly working Possibly some Small improvement m.ght result if pressing were at once resorted to on every occasion when the steamer was stopped for repairs. There has never in the past, how ever, been a greater accumulation of sludge than she could readily overtake. Tee chemist had already re- ported en the pr•eticability of adding deoderisiog chemicals to the lents. This could be done at the cost of about £3,000, but unfortunately tho state of tee canal above the lalincnester outfall is such that any , good effect thus produced would be immediately nullifi-cl as soon as the effident entered the canal. The difficulty in adding oxidising agents, such as magnate of soda and sulphuric ad 5, is that much of the effect would be expended on substanees themselves harmless. It has been calmilated that to perceptibly improve the f filaent for 100 dare in the summer by this means would cost at least £30,000. Toe most practical suggestion appears to be that the work of constructing the new filter beds ahou'd be pushed on as fast as pois eible, especially the steams beds both on the east and west side of the efflaent carrier. These beds, requiring little concrete work and machinery, can be quickly con- structed, and can be used for purifying the present effluent, without any alteration of tanks. Instructions have already been given to put in hand 13 acres on the east secle, and the chemist would suggest that permission be obtained from the L'cal Govern- ment Board to ' cons'ruct, at any rate, as many of those on the west side as come within the boundary of the present estate* At present the land filters en wWch these would be placed are out of action in order to allow levelling operations to be carried out and the ground to become thoroughly dry and consoli- dated before construction work is begun. With twenty. six acres of storm beds and six acres of ordinary bac- teria beds,- about half the present dry weather flow could be dealt with and a very considerable improve- na•nt made in the efflusot. It meet be emphasised, how- ever, that:much of the nuisance from the Ship Canal is produced above Barnton Locks, and will he unaffected by any improvement in the Manchester effldent." The Committee adopted the report, and resolved, that A.Ppa should be immediately taken to give effect to,Mr Fowler'a recommendations. This will involve the crea- tion of about fourteen acres of filter beds, in addition to the thirteen referred to in the report.

The potentiality of a revolution in industrial matters is contained in the Mond Gas Bill, under which sanction is given for the incorporation of a elmPanV to supply over an extensive area in South Staffordshire, a " Ludwigpro- vaMntoanade for heating claimed for ad nu de , pr 0 gwa es r" p i an r Vp Po 09 et ek, d. bTy hDe r chief ad quantity of sulphate of en reduce the cost the new gas is that tt can be produced from very inferior and consequently very cheap fuel, and that ;n the pro- cessur manufacture ;oa largeas to enormously a inrntr oofnmn i ;tis of the production of the gas. thus enabling it to be sup- plied at about 2i per 1,000 cubic feet. it e, however, four times as much Mond gas as of ordinary coal gas would need to be burßt to produce the same result, the relative costs of the two gases stand at 2s to 8d in favour of the new arrival.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVED BY SL kPPINCJ

In morphine and other narc3tic pcisoning the pstient is beaten El everely with wet towels. The object ke,ep the patient awake. Soonld he pass into sleep atter bin a once revived he is almost certain to die. .

For this reason a man almost dying from morphine is stripped and put in a room where hsiskept, awake by being beaten. When he stoows any signs of going to sleet,. even under the wet-towel treatment, loud noises are made, tubs are dropped behind him, pistols are fired off and everything i 4 done to startle him into conscious- aess.—.. Szience Siftings."

===== 0002601_19010823_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORTED DEATH IN WILTS.

A short time ago (says the ss Wilts County Mirror "), Mrs E Feltham, the wile of a young dairyman, living at Abbott:3 Ann, near Andover. was surprised to hear that she had been reported dead. A reporter who secured an interview with Mrs Feltham. states that the case presents some remarkable features. Mrs Feltham is a bright, intelligent young woman of about twenty five years of 'se. She says she can well understand the report. " Toe facts of the case,' she added, " are these. About eighteen months ago I was very ill, and no one seemed to think I thouid ever get better, I had sickening pains below the heart and frequent fainting fits. The doctor told me that my heart and liver were affected by indi- gestion. and I became so weak that my husband had to help me up and down stairs. I us.d to faint away as I sat in a onair by the fireside, and I have sometimes remained in a dead faint for twenty minutes. Neither medicine nor anything else gave me relief until I read of a person left weak, much the same as I was, af-er rheumatic fever, who was cured by takmg Dr Williams' pink pills for pale peop'e. decided to try them, as ordinary medicine had proved powerless to cure me, and the result of the trial was that in a fortnight I was able to do my own washing, and after fcur or five boxes I am quite strong again." " Do you bel any pains now ? " the reporter asked. "No, I have no pains, and," with a smile she added, " I sin sure I don't look much like one subject to faint- ing fits." " How (10 you account for the report that you were deed ?" " Well," she said, " I was se ill I never thought I should live myself, and probably other people thought the same." Fainting fits, such as Mrs. Feltham describes, are always.; a serious symptom, and may frequently be traced' to the heart-weakness caused by ar te nia and indigestion. Dr. Williams' pink pills, which, by enabling the system to get good from food taken, have cured an euormou3 number of cases of indigestion fre- quently stop P%ipitations and faintings as if by magic. They are a tonic, and they make new blood. There is no other secret about them ; substitutes do no good, because they are not Dr Williams' but a cheap imitation got un to look like them and give a large profit. Two shillings and ninepence sent to Dr Williams' medicine compaort Holborn-riadunt, London, will pro- cure the genuine pills by return a post ; but honea retailers will not worry their customers with substitutes. Paralysis, consunloPtion, rheumatism, sciatica, ladies' ailments, and skin affections have been cured by Dr Williams' pink pdts for pale people. For the laneuor and fatigue which annoy We many they are a specific.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

Lancashire and Cheshire County Association. Semi-Final. Cheetham Temple v. Pendleton.

These Wayed off the P ern-float at BarpurheY, ovTertsbe t e;lmee: of the Cnnetery club, in excellent form for the engagement, with Mr C Towers, nast president, for referee. score.—Cneetham Temple, 203; Pendleton, 192. Majority, 11 for Cheetham Temple. Second Team Competition. :Semi-Final.

Radcliffe V.-N-eWt.o.n.-I.e-willows.

Played over the Temple green, at Cheetham Hill, on Saturday. Bowling in tne opening games favoured the Newton team, but Radcliffe. succeeded in reaching a leading position by 114 f-time, with four points in baud. olerably close play during the second half of the event more than maintained the lead for Rtdcliffe. Details:—

......... .- --- RATCLIFFE. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. P Taylor l9 J Unsworth A Morris 9 jAI :kin James Howarth W Mort 21 D Davies Jotn Howarth 21 J Galloway ..... 11 H Ferrer 2l D H Davies J Clegg J Randle D Hardman 2l W Parry l5 Joseph Howarth 2l T Boardman l6 W Walker 2l J Crouebley l5 T Turner 2l ' 4 Itylanee l4

216 Majority 12 for Radcliffe.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLE

Thousands of Englishmen are in pain and trouble every day through Backache, Lumbago, Gravel, Kidney Disease, Dropsy, Wind, Water complaints. All these will find a positive cure In Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try one box. money returned if not satisfied. Is 10. all chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL Cleckheaton, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS.

THE DIVI•qON LISTS. LOCAL SUCCESSES.

The division lists containing the results of the recent Oxford Local Examinations were issued on Monday by toe secretary of the Delegacy. The continued popularity of the examinations is shown by the tact tnat there were no fewer than 33 additional centres. Tire total number of candidates a xaminen was 10,091,as compared with 9.772 last year of these 6,907 ootained certificatea as against 6.265 in 1900. The examinations were held in July at 24.3 csntres, of whieh 55 were local centres at which school examinations were combined with the local examinations. The c indidates'examined were RP; follows l—Prrlimicary 3,453, juniors 4,693,seniors 1,955 of these 2,500 preliminary, 3,096 juei.Jrs. and 1,311 seniors pasced ; and 211 candidates who had entered failed to preseuc thrmselves for examination. Of the preliminary candidates two girls ere rlaired in the second class and ten in the third. Of the janiors two girls were placed in the first class, 40 in toe second, and 40 in the third ; of the seniors 21 girls were plaud in the second class and 36 in the third. Of the 264 preliminary candidates (7 6 per cent.) who failed in preliminary sut j.-erts 30 f..iled in dictation and 252 in arithmetic ; or the 355 janiera (7.5 per c-nt) we() failed in preliminary subjects 52 tailed in dictation and 315 in arithmetic ; of the s-niers 113 (5 7 per cent) railed in the preliminary subject (arith- metic). Tne percentage of passes amene senior nand- dates shows an improvement, whilst that of the junior and prelitninary.candidates is abort the FIRMS as last year. Tnirts-nve of the teli.ir candilates—exactly the same number as fiat year—showed suffilient merit to be , excused from examination in stated subjects.. respen- sions ; 76 in French, as ailaint 89 ia 1900 ; 32 in Ger- man. as against 36 lag, year; and two in I:alisri. Thirty- six girls, as against 20 last year,snowed sufficitn: merit Ito receive certificates q lalifying them for admission to ! the honours ex •rraination for women in modern ,Ilanguages and the Oxford University examinations of 13.ic aelor of Arts, Bachelor of Music, and Doctor of Music, on cenditiens prescribed bythe Delegates. This Was the first pear ie which the Delegates intro- due A the practice of setting alternative papers in certain Isubj,ctA, and this will be extended in the examinations lof 1902. Toe object of the delegatea is to give the more competent candidates an opoortunity of showing more advanced kaowledse than it would be reasonable to ' exp.- ct from those of average ability, while the latter Pre tested by papers of a pass character from which the more difficult (Frestions are excluded. The experience of both examiners and candidates resulting from the recent examination wdl no doubt be of great assistance to both. Toe dem.nd f Spanish and Welsh being extremely small, these subj icts will not he included in the curriculum for 1902. 'The following seleCtians are made hem tta Ilsts : SENIOR CANDIDATES. HONOURS LIST.

Framed upon the aggregate work of the candidates and c)ncainirm the names of thoe will satisfied th-. ,xaruirters and obt.ained honours and the title of Asiociate in Arts :

===== 0002601_19010823_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD CLASS.

Arrarurri in nurnerwa order under the several centres, 86 candidates : Warrinzon.—Gramma.r School : A F Cornev. W3r-inetnn.—St. Opnin's Schooi: 113ed(bracksted equal 21st in French).

PASS LIST. FIRST DIVISION.

Primed upon the a,z, zrizate work of the candidatea and clritaininff tha 'Arai of thwe csndidates, torn on or after July I,t, 1582, who satisfied the examiners and obtained the title rif AQsociate in A•ts, arrane,d in nu- merical order under the tsveral centres, 1,039 canui- dat's

mmont Pleaqant, Liverppol.—Convent ELgh School (St Helens): I Swift, Warrington.—Grammtr School : 0 H (33oks and L G Coney ; St E'ptun's School: G

===== 0002601_19010823_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RESPONSIONS.

The f )llowing c‘nii(l9.!ek arnonz thlsA who hq.ve shlwn sufiicio m.ri t, hq exNked from the examin. at,oo in !stated surj .ctq ‘33 names):— Wa.rrin.von.-1 F C ,OXFORD UNIVERSITY EXIMINITION3 FOR WOMEN.

The fo!lovine Phown sufficient merit to receive certificat.s q alifying h.r for admission to th. honour.; taam,nation .-u in mAern loiacages and tne Uaiversity examinations of 8.A., B.Mus., and D. Vus. Warrington.—M Reed. JUNIOR CANDIDATES. HONOURS LIST.

Cmtaininz th. gam.% of those who setisfied the examiners and obt tined honours.

SECOND CLI.S3.

In order nf merit (157 ei.nriiciates).-14th, A Jon, Warricenn Grammar S3hlol, braoSeteil ssith other.; 16M„ E G Burgess,Watrington Grammsr Schooi, bracketed with nine others.

PASS LIST.

Containing thn names of the candidates horn on or after July Lit, 14385, who satisfind the examiners.

Finsr DIVISION.

Arrang-d in numeroial order under the several centres 1,990 candidates.

-51.unt Pleasant. Liverpcol.—Convent High School (S!. Helens) : A Ashcroft and H M Swift. Warrington.—Grammar School : J Barriforth. H N Bennett, H Dutton, G W Weaver, and A Webster. St. Elphin's School : E A d'Auquier, I M Fietcher, R Garnett, U G Harris, (bracketed equal 45:h in Frecch) and I Wilcockson.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

Containing the names of the candidates who, having exceeded the age 16 years on July 1, 1901, satisfied the examiners-695 candidates. St Francis Xlvices College, Liverpool.—H Dolan, of Warrington. 'IHE PRELIMINARY CANDIDATES.

In addition to the lists of the Euc ce ssf u I nenizr and Finior candidates there were issued the names of the preliminary candidates who were successful in obtain Mg honour and pass certificates.

PASS Lis?. FIRST DIVISION.

Framed upon the aggregate work of the crndidates, and containing he names of the eancbdates born on or after July 1, 1887. will satinAed the examiners,arrangPd in numerical order under the several centres, 1,319 candidates.

Warrington --St. Elphin's School : G E S Blakelock (fir.it in religicu3 knowledge and brache:ed Equal 6th in French) and G i Jones (bracketed equal 6:h in religious knowledge). Hamilton House : M Weaver,

SECOND DIVISION.

Contalting the names of the candidate who, having exceeded the grA of 14 years on July 1, 1901, satisfied the examiners (1,317 candidates) : Warrington.—St Emhin's Clergy Daughters' Fchnol : E M S Blakelack, E O'Brien. and GA Pe:ere, Hamilton House : B B Forshawr and E B Taylor.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DANGER ATTENDING NAVAL

MANOEUVRES.

' *Engineering," referring to the naval mar ce lyre/Leon- tends that in all sham fights—as it u•ed to be the Diablo., a generation ago to style what we now call mar ceuvres —there muss always be abseut the one great element of success and failure in all real fights : the test of aecuracy of gun fire. Let umpires be ever so prescient, they ean never allow for this It is a snare and an advantage ; it makes the task of those who plan the general idea more easy, becau.e it enables an old and comparatively obsolete veosel to be put on an (quality ith one el modern date. That ha plain advantage; the snare,is equally obvious. The practice incline; us robe forgetful of the undoubted defects of many of the shipa upon which we place reliance for the safeguarding cf the country. We are always too apt —perhaps more especially Parliamentarians and Admiralty Boards, are too apt—to gauge our naval strength by a peace standard ; to judge of the efficiency of the Fleet solely by the duties it has barn called upon to perform for nigh upon a nontury, with very few exceptions. Since the year 1805,when the veat sea fight was fought off Cape Trafalgar,no serious call has been made upon the British Navy to put forth its might in battle array;and, indeed,the world yet lacks 4 great practical object-lesson of navel warfare under modern conditions of steam armour, rill ,;1 ordnance, and high explosives. Long may it continue to do so! But though peace operations cannot orove gun efficiency, either in regard to the effect of projectiles fired or the handling of the weapons, there is one great element of naval efficiency that can be fairly well tested by naval manoeuvres, and that is sea speed ; and it is a serious consideration that there was no first-class cruiser nn either side with a designed speed on trial so high as 21 knots. In one case, how- ever, a squadron of cruisers stood a good chance of failing to engage on advantageous terms through hav- ing to wait for the slower vessels. Indeed, the effect of speed In the cruiser class would appear to be empha- sised as a result of the operations.

An" escsssive number" 'of microbes were devoured by Londoners last month• The fact is vouched for by such indisputable authorities as Sr W Crooke,' and Pro- fessor Dewar, the officials who analysed daily samples of the water taken from the valleys of the Lea and ther Thames between the 6:11 and the 15th ult. "Oa minute examination of the microbes," continue the experts, " yin could discover none of a pathogenic character.nog did we find the microbs associated With decomposinr animal matter." A coastguard named Murphy. travelling from Dublin to Belfast on Saturday last, under the impression that the train had come to a standstill. walked out of a third-class compartment when the train was travelling at for'y miles an hour, between Portadown and Lurgan, and fell on to a grassy slope. He was only slightly injured.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL DEFENCE. Peculiar Case at Warrington.

Colliers Charged with Theft.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, before Messrs W H B'ecaly (presiding) and Joshua Ball, two IVigati colliers. named John Peuman. 48, John-street, Wigan, and Edward Prior, 37, Hardy Butts, Wigan' were charged on remand with stealing from the " General Elliott " Hotel, Croft, some time between July 13:h and August 7rh, four billiard balls, value 143, the prop?rty of James Lodge.—Mr Browne appeared on behail of the defendants, and pleaded riot guilty. _ _

- James Lodge, landlord of the " General Ellictt" hotel Croft, stated tbat the lour billiard balls produced were his property. 13e last saw them safe in a basket in a cupboard in the billiard room, he could not say on what date, but he thot.ght about July 25:b. in consequence of information be received trod th 3 police he subse- quently looked flr the balls and found they were missmg. B y Mr B ',woe : The balls were not marked.

Zion Pennington, son of Thomas Pennington,a broker, carrying on business at 46, Mill-gate, Wigan, stated that on Wednesday, the 7.h icst, he was in the shop when the detemlams came in and offered the billiard balls produced for sale. He refused to buy them and subsf quently gave information to t• e police. P.C. Fiddler, of the Wigan County Borough Police force, stated that in consequence of information he re- ceived he apprehended Peoinan at 4 30 on tne 7th inst He had the four billiard balls produced in his pocks t. He told witness that he found them at the back of John-street. Prior followel them to the Police Station and witness locked him up. By Mr Browne ; Toe uefendants had both been of good character previously. P.S. Banks. stationed- at Newton, spoke to receiving the misoners into custody from the Wigan Police. For the defence, the defendant Prior gave evidence and told a somewhat extraordinary story. Ha said he had livAd in Wigan all his life He went to the " General Elliott " Hotel, Croft, on May 25:h, but had not been since. He vi-sited Croft again on July 27th, but , did not go near the " G?neral Elliott." He stayed at the " Joiner's Arms.'' He 'was unaware cf the f,ct, that there was a billiard room at the "General Dijon." Continuing he said that on August 17th, he got up early in the morning to atttnd-to some young pigeons. He threw one out at the track of the house to attract others. The bird flcw towards a mid- den about five yards from the back gate, which belonged to a Mr. Fairhurst, who owned a wAggon.,tte which went to Croft on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. Witness had never been in the waggonette. These was a hole in the side of a midden,and tne pigeon flew into it. Witness got hold of the bird and pulled it out of the hole. A quantity of straw also canna out, and then the four billiard balls produced tolled out. Witness picked them up and took r trm into his house. Later 913 tie went to the "Prince of Wales.' hotel, in company with Penman. As they had been out of work for some time they ran short of money, and Prior thereupon told Penman of his find, and suggested that he should sell the billiard balls. With this object in view they went to Mr Pennington's shop, but tailed to dispose of theni. Penman was taken into custody by P C Fiddler. Witness went to the Police Station to claim the return of the billiard balls, and he was locked up. He now swore that he had never b,en near the " General Elliott " Hotel since May 25A1 and be had not stolen the billiard balls.

Penman also gave evidence and said he bed never been to Croft in his life. Fie proceeded to boar out Prior's statement in every c;etall. In answer to Soperintendent Morgan he denied that h 3 told the constable that be found the balls. _ .

Clunchlor Thcmas Crarke, 473;ThreEn—eon-street, Wigan, said he had known the defendants for fifteen years, and he knew nothing against their character. They were honest and straightforward men and witness went bail for them the previous week. By Superintendent Morgan : Warless was a puNican and the defendants were " occasional customers " of his.

Mr Browne then addressed the court and said there wag a very good legal maxim that .• a person who fins articles is entitled to them against the whole world ex- cept the true owner." Be quoted the case of Regina v Vincent in which it was laid down that if lost property was found, without Rny mark upon it, by which the owner could be identified, it was not larceny for the lindsr to appropriate the same to his own use unicss it was found .that he must have known who the owner was at he time he found the property. He sub- mitted that when he found the tilhaid balls, Prior was not hound to inform the police although it might have been more honourable if he had done en. Not knowing the true owner he had a perfect right to sell them. The case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WINDFALL FOR AN ALTRINCHAM RESIDENT. A Fortune of £BO,OOO.

, A windfall of £BO,OOO has come to a young man ! named William Lawrence Welch, aged 22, who for some time had been working fer Mr Elwin Walsor3, iron- monger, of George-street, Altrincharn,aa a driver. On Mc.nday he received a letter from a firm of solicitors acquainting him with the fact of his very considerable fortune. He has had a somewhat romantic career. He was born at Chester, but at the early age of five removed with his parents to Oxton, Birkenhead, at which place, as well as at Liverpool he received his education. His father, who was a captain for the firm of Messrs Hole, shipping merchants, of Liverpool, was drowned at sea when Welch was 13 years old. Toey were left well off, his mother being eadowed wib £4OO a year by her husband. Owing to a difference of religious views with his mother he shortly afterwards left home. His father had wanted him to become a civil engineer, but not being inclined for a position of that kind he, in 1894, joined the navy as a mid- shipman. He rose to the rank of sub-lieutenant, but for earns reason be left the navy in 1897. He then turned his attention to " waiting," and was employed in the St. Ann-street (Liverpool) es'ablishinent of the British Workman Company. This did not entirely agree with his inclinations,and he then took a fancy to horses. Eventually. ahem!: a year ago, be went to Altrincham and commenced for Mr Watson as a driver, which oceu- pation he followed up to the time of hearing of the fortune which has been left him. Asked how he felt when he heard the News,Welch said be tilt as though he was on his head ; he was delighted. He added that the money had been left Irrn by his late father. It was inveared in shares in Elypt, but he had not go3e into detai's yet. Be could not say what thy were, as he had not grasp-d the matter. lii fact he did not under- stand it. He had a friend—a cotton broiler in E..rypt— who knew he late father. That friend had male inquiries about the matter, through his own solicitor, and, to use the exact words of ti e foetal' a'o yr u lz man "It is through him tnat the thing has come to life. although my mother knew about it, but sbe did not mention it to ma. Mr. Welch expres,ed his intention of going to EAypt shortly. He thought of going into business in the shipping line. For the present he was only to receive £7.000, and the remainder is to come to him when he is 25 years of age.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMING.

Warrington Working _Men's Flying Club.

• - Open ries frrm Swindon, 131 miles, August 17th, 64 competitors, 226 birds. which were liberated by Mr Tay:or at 11 30 a.m. Wind south, and very clear. The following is the result. First eight win cash prizes and first 15 win diplomas :-F Boyle, velocity 1,397 cards ; R Bebbington. 1,388 ; Clare and LtieS: 1,378; H Crayon. 1,372 ; Clare and Leigh, 1370 . Edge/ley (21. 1 367 ; Hayes, 1,368; Craven, 1356 ; ,j• lenders, 1,353 ; Cook and Shoebrioge, 1.349 ; Hayes, 1,342 ;J Smith, 1.337 ; Litherland. 1,328 ; Leicester, 1,322 ; Ho'den, 1.321 ; R Foster. 1.316 ; Woodward, 1,304 ; Bate. 1,296 ; Jacks-in. 1.296 ; Walksr. 1.292 ; Miller (4), 1.291 ; James 1.287; Holmes, 1.287 ; J and E Fot ter, 1,285; Elealev, 1,285 : A Clare. 1,285 ; LithPr- land, 1,284 ; Dawron, 1,283 ; Holmes, 1,280 ; Bebhington. 1 279 : Lvthgoe, 1,277 ; Leicester, 1.268 ; Bate, 1,267 •, Cooper, 1,255 : Grew ves, 1,235 ; Mather. 1,243 ; Plicenig, 1,233 ; 1,217 ; Jackson .and lioolden, 1,198 ; GreavPs, 1,185 ; Farce, 1,179 ; Boyle 2, 1.176 ; Ca'clwell. 1.171 ; D3OO g hue, 1,148 ; Howard. 1,132 • Barnron 1,130 ; J Green,- 1,125 ; A C,a,e, 1,110 ; Cook. 1,101 ; L Broadv. 1,100 ; Cookson. 1,066 ; Rogers, 1,058 ; Carpenter, 1,040 ; Ray Bros. 876. Houghsedge, Boardman. and Hill did not verify. Simcock did not verify time. Boyle's second telegram verified to disadvantage. Clare and Leigh wired wrong race miarks, third bird.

The curious spectacle of a man being sentenced from a pulpit was witnessed recently at Trenton (New Jersey), when Samuel Shinn, the alleged EatonvinA witecap, recently convicted of the murder of Thomas F Applegate, was condemned by Juatice Gunmere to eighteen years' hard labour in the Site Prison. The trial took place in the Central Methodist Church, the chapel or which had been leased by the county authori- ties for use as • court room while the new court house is btiog built.

RILES AND INDIGESTI.ON CURED.

If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms; Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURE is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward. and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It Is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Said by all Chemists in bottles Is. lid Post paid from KICUTX AND CO. HALIFAX.

1 SALE RICE 2 11 2D. EACH. 1) Seen Mercerised Cloth Zephyr, Csmbric French PRINT SHIM'S, witu or without Sail!)r Collars, Tucked, Embroidered or Plain Fronts, 13 Stripes, Checks, Floral Des:vs, Als-, Self-Colour°. Black or Waite, Usually 44iLl to 53 ltd each.

71 k.7IALE PRICE 4S I ID. EACH. SILS A CHARMING ASOR-M.ENT OF LADIES SHIRTS, IN EVERY YOSSIBLE SHADE, AND THE NEWEST SHAPES, IN TUCKS AND STRIPES AND SELF COLOURS. MARVELL{.IO VALUE FORMER PRICE 7s 111) EACH. CHILDREN'S BLOUSES. K.. ALE TRIOS b. I_l4D. EACH.

GIRLS' AND BOYS' AMERICAN SAIL°, BLOUSES. TAILOR MAD, BEST QUALITY DRlL,vti HOLLAND COLOUR. ALL SIZES, UsUALLY 28 1 EAt:ll.

I SALE RICE IS. i _L2D. EACH. French CAMBRIC SHIRTS (plaids) ; sith SOO Linen Collars, Fast, Colors worth 35 Ild .ach. Striped English Print and PIQUIS SHIRTS, Bea° fully Tucked. Striped FLANNELETTE SHIHTS for Summer Wey All are perfect in Cut and Good Quality. lisal Is CO. Is 110, and 3s lid each.

SALE PRICE dS. 112 D. EACH. Twilled FLANNEL SHIRTS, Self Stades, 0413 Bair Cord Silk Stripe. _

French DELAINE SEHRTS,with Silk Stripe Cresol only Light and Dark French MUSLIN SHIRTS, Listd Throughint, Floral Designs, trimmed Lice a° Sailor Cnllar. Navy Foulard SATEEN SHIRTS, Handsomeli Tucked. These Goods are made from the Bet Materials' Perfect in Cut, and finished in a superinr man°eri All Figh-clas3 SHIRTS, Usually &old at 6J lid an lid each. ' SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY. \

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY. AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVg.. OPPOSITE PRO-C kTITEDuAL) LIVERPOOL: lELICPHON 7385- 11°- "

Alt% ra au_ 3_,

Laver 113, 11 2 $124, 117741 44,0akia. 51

, 225, a 5.8 4 ,4,?utt ,4,5 6 4111 y. k 4

2 /Iji 02 I,7i° I S 3

IF cosr,

)UDIAI

BLOUSE; ,

Offer et Orel ot Ladies' bought front ying Irons 334: Cheapest lots

BLOUSES n PRICES.

. EACH. IN SHIRTS. r-Oolourd, Eat Perfect Go": 10,

). EACH. Cambric Sol rithout air% F r ante. it • Self -0010010 Id each.

E&CH. DE, AND _A„vir AND FANLO,I NIARVKLIAPP. '

. EACII. LA 8a11.0,1 ILITy WWI IUALLy 22 EACH. ; .vith .ach. lIRTS, Beas'tfr-

'it

ost .se4 .D 4 •

Rnmmer We/4 gtlity. MO.'

. EACH. Shades, Wit°

Stripe crew

lIIRTS, d Lice

Handel:o4i . . ; !st Materia." grinr mane% at 6j 11d'

DAY. \

___---'

ARTS. ;o8T) E TEE

RS. 'very artict,s sy PaYcgen as b.

AND CAO

131_ g 1N ritiCio'' OR g DESC HS. g DESC—'

' 'll. I

RS. DESCS/1 RY:4• CENT OL,AOS9 S OF ECTOES•., )BES. 0' TERNS• t EXCION ; pool-

TP,ftN3

----

ES, LcTuusu9'

-Am k_)o , LNG TO.,' m10005%4 A PETIT' 0.

me,r4u a°

TON.

3.‘cg

, rol. Ritisal,,

TS:______------. ES,

SON'

woOlo 5513-

' • .

===== 0002601_19010823_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~I

===== 0002601_19010823_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ItAILWAV TIME TAELE

AUGUST.

FROM WARRINGTO3

i atkirl Bridge-7 10, 7 40, ' 8 23, 1020, 15 10, 15, 2 5 A 7,4.5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. e and Hillhousra-7 15 835, all 2.1 25, a 3 22.a40, a 6 15, "i 499 - al, a . 2.5, Suratays 931 2 5,8 55. a Stops if regimen. 15 et.9lllllham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 53 23, 7 10. 9,45 115? 0, 5 23. 7 23. 11 31. • • Sundays 2 53. 10 15, 45. 11 35 ilizulaYs excepted. bActniays only 55"i:1.1,11110am (3Ddland)-0 51. 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 7, 522 02. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 423.5 15 p.m ju .ckburn -545. 835. 9 58. 11 53, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23,8 53. it9ll 843, a 3 75,6 o.a via Preston 119,7" Pool-5 20, 8 35, 956. 11 41. 12 25, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, : 7 17, 8 50.9 43, Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. 7 fit'°n- 8 ,5, 9 25, 13 43. 5214. 155. 333. 4 26, 6 43 v..' '' , 20. Sundays 843 a.ru.,5 15, 757 p.m.. 41, -"We-5 20, 545. 9 56 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 458,9 55. Sari- n - Vlester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 1131,12 30 1 49.2 15, 2.2) ,42z,s 7.6 4,7 41, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,1 i 3.5, g.,"jus Green-7 5. 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7. 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 6" 8, 7 40, 925. 1030. Sundaya 843, 60. ' 1125r.,5v„e-02 53,63 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 23' 11 57, 1 5.2 5 %.,... 40, 1130. Sundays 253, 10 154 5,1135. aMoudays 1 I:39tbul. 55londays only. - ,aresbury-7 37,9 5, 12 25, 2 23. 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 1014 . 7tidays 44, a,m. 745 P.m• 2,2"5i(3.11d1and)-5,51. 8 46, 953, 1155, 12 55, 37, 4 17 1 • 655,11 52. Sundays 515 p.ra h Harlestoasn-5 45. 75, 8 5,8 25.3 35, 9 25, 10 13.10 20, IC 1.2. 12 25 115.2 35,3 40 3 53, 5 15, 5 20 0 33.7 Q 7 40,9 25, "4a,' 19 30 Sundays,/ 40 8 35,8 43.a.m5 . 10 60,7 57,9 Os p.,a "dsiler'a Ferry & Penketh -7 30. 8'25, 9 4s. 11. 53,1 52. 20 I p a•• 4. 6 17.80 9 43. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. , 1410(411am-7 37, 95 10 23. 1223. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 57, 6 4 10 14. Sundays 3.44 a.m., 745 p.m. ' 16-'4Oll (Chesoire Llnesl-7 55. 757. 8 31.9 5. 13 5 12 0 529 76. 811'. 5040. 310 25. 11 39 suu lays 11 22, 2 39. 730. 9 23. 10 13. dSaturdays only. , n,ureaya excepted. ' n"".lgow-5 20.9 71 15 50.12 25, 2 10,4 509 55. S 1 ays 957 1 5 9 Zulborne-5 45. 75.8 33* 1355, L 425. 1 15, 3 59, 2) 710 s 1 51' ''"'., • Sand- 843 60. I ~ 2 rai3ll Urea' n-7 12, 7 r 57L: 8,31. 9 5,--a9 30. 10 5. 120. 15 ' -' Li-" u,5 296 15,7 15,8 0,9 25,5 9 40, alo 23.Sundar 9 0.9 31 . ,2.2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturritYs exc-ors.l ' 11,,d1-1111 and Cadisne ad (Central)-7 0,7 65, 82, 7 19, 915 -44635 e 8 45,10 14, 3 15,5 15. 935. A btatclUcrd-From Arpley Station-6 20.7 23. 80, 8 35, 9 0 $ , . 1049, 1236, 1 14. 2 k 3, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 18. a 7 45 tl. Sundays 850,38. 817. aSaturdays only. 1„ verpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 5, 51. 5 25, 75, 35, 3 35 :10 55.12 7,12 25,2 35 3 405 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 43,9 25,10 39. ill Y 35, 5, 5 30. 8 35. 343.328.510 60, 9 54. From Level Platform. aMondays ekcepted. . Li (!erPool (From Low Level Piattortn)-7 30, 8 21. 11 9 44, 1 55, 3 20,5 15,6 17,3 0,9 ".3. Sund,vs 95. 2 1), 3 0 il,3"rPool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026, 120 'ti • 210, 2a, 3 67. 40. 6 4, 8 10. 9 11, 940. 10 23 149 11 29. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 3, 9 55.11 22,2 c 0,2 39. 7 10, it . b 18,10 is, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to ~ tar Pool at 50 minutes past tne hour. ‘ 5....0n a 1.,. & N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 710, 823. 9 45.10 23, 147. 15,2 u, 6 20, 6 22,11 34. 0 undays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, tondaya excepted. abiondays only. 155°Aufl (31.idland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58. 11 37.12 55, 3 14a. 522. am . bll 54. sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays I. bHondays accepted. 104,31'11,1 (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0.9 55 11,,,M2 36, 1 14, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 13. 613, 78. a 7 45. 927 'l's 850. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only a Itinen ui _ ester (L. & N.-W.) 045. 75, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 2.17, r 4..30 55,12 13.13 25,1 15.2 23.332. 26 5 32. 6 43, 1 67'i 8.9 2). lo 3 L Sundays 3 13, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. ata,,,stn High Level Platform. 90, -ocrilester (From Arpley Station)-6 17 7 22, 7 57, 832 Still,' uB. 1049. 1 14.3 33. 411. 6 13. 76. 9 47, 11 40, 50, 3 8, 8 12.11 42 , kre•llchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,7 55, 8 2.8 51, 93, 955 1,;41 II z 3.11 56, 12 55, 1 55,2 55. 3 55. 4 55.5 2.1 5 55. a '54.7 55, 813, 8 55,9 15, 055. Sundays 8 45. 9 37, 10 14 0 ~. 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35. 10 0. . tiddiewich-7 40, 10 23. 2 55, 535.7 20. • 4.IZUe-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55.5 35, 720. Sundays 101.5 . 72 ' 1 ,„twton-le-Willows- 83 10. 545,7 5.8 5, 8 35,a9 19, 10 20 717,,,. 10 5512 25, 1 15,2 59. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 450. 520. 6 43. 64„' 0030. Sundays 843 a fr. 3 35. 51.6 a 6 0.7 57 "i,L44 Kenyon bliondaya excepted le-Q., gate -7 0, 7 55, 82, 840. 1035,11 23, 12 20, 040,3 55 , k'°. 813 9 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44. 5 15. 935 ritoreston-5,23, 545. 835. 955, 1153. 12 25, 210, 3 50 , $.6 28 7 17, 8 50, 943 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, ~ 'l, .1, aSaturdays only. ‘' tillacoen-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 009. 155. 320. 5 15, 6 17, 80. ' 2 1144eY (for Penketh)-7 15, 759; 95, 10 5. 115. 12 0 06 .80 58, 40. 5 29,6 15. 75. 8 10, 9 25. a 9 40500 25. Sundays 11 22, 2 39. 8 55. 9 18 aSaturdays excepted biaturdays 3% aloadays'only. (C.L.D.) tileffleld (bltthand) via Chlnley and Dore Line-8 46 10 65 . 2 55.3 14,4 7.6 05. Sundays 937 am 5 15. litHelen,-? 5. 85, 8 35. t( .0. 10 55. 51 53, 12 7 2 35 3 40. 6 20, 6 33. 7 8,7 40. 9 25, 10 33 Sundays !° 43,8 0,9 54 I,mqu'othP ort (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 33, 11 2, 125 ttri9 6,6 15,7 15,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855, aSaturdays ‘lllelwall--6 15. T 22,8 0.8 30.9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.223, ' 5_411, 6 18, 613. 7 8.a7 45.927. Sundays. 8 50, 38, 8 12. ' ""zi,..tirdays only. From Arpley Station. t•aldnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56. 95 1.(, 5, 11 5, 120, 15, vs,. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 10. 9 25. as 40, blO 25. 8 ums.• ' 90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18. 194•9at'a Nldin rday excepted. bSaturdays it as (L. andN.-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, pi 9 15,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 96, .2. 40, 80. 1.1..,t_ 5 20,5 45,7 5,3 35.9 55,10 55.11 50,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 -• 50,4 50.5 20. 628.7 17.8 50.9 43.955' Suudays, 8 43, a 9, 60.95 a. .

4141.:1v

TO WARRINGTON FROM.

111.142 1. Security in A " .7,7ry"7.;P;1:i CARTER'S f 11 .1 ' ' ITTLE de , 81112&11 PtIL sozorioNT Email Dose. rnce 4 ne.oache 1 ,tl,wVotiti: I :6weali.V.,'ll ;11..e d4rllrthell4eel d.. I.A.Y ...--- v..,. ii.„. ;•! T.!2.1.4. Live;. Intii: 1 aoo4 Teeth an:!_Battolow Trc.eth.m4a. , rr,, IN-ntistipatio, I hrzille,. , whit. Teeth :to i x 4:,.....", "gUe• •Th"Y I.'''' the I Pretty Teeth ood Ugly Toetil vill b.. "`“11 ___ re • complete in Toilet '-'6". IRMO they a C •....44172'... 1 Tootlo Powder, ado.

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustratedlßook containing va'uable information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple meana Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Bee. flare, and Genuine ftemedy.'Never fat... Thousands of reatimontals. ,Mry. SBLANCHARD,I Ralston Lane, London.

IPILLS • ita&U 111111,-11 L. cure Sick Ili I,or, - '4•Toetr.,?"i,

cootltbra.4l

===== 0002601_19010823_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LES

===== 0002601_19010823_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0-30 ~

===== 0002601_19010823_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE, ARE OLE RECEIVING HOUSE-

S-OfFICZ oW B )7r ARED AN FoLLOWS: • WEEK-DATE,. 1045 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

_ Earlestown

Strn-OrncEs— I *Ashton Collins Green . Loss ton filtubsmosr Cross I Winwtek "Wargrave ............ • 1

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. _ 6-30 p.m.__

9-25 a.nr. -a-nrd .51,55 c .m. 640 a.m. and 6.30 P.m • *These are Telegrapt Offices also

WALL 800.— Crow Lane, Newton !10 a.m., and 7p m. Newton Common 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station 5, 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & (Newton Bridge) 7 p.m. Preston Junction , 6.40 p.m. Church-St., Golborne 1 8.15 a.m. and 545 p.m. Leith Street. ~ 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. Lowton Chapel 8 3) am, and 6 p.m. Lawton Common 6 p.m. (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)l parcels are despatched ' town at 9 a.m. and 6 me as letters.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-33 a.m.

Hogland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland: and Foreign 7-0 a.m. London and the South Frodsham. fleshy. & Lynam Manchester, S.-. Hast Lancashire Yorksbire, Durham. Northam- f 11_31 barland, and Lincolnshire ç Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Present. Wigan, Orms- kirk Whin /t Earlesi London, Foreign. and the South l. slidland Counties & South Wales l2-0 Preston, Moral Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and, 12-15 p.m ,

Chester Manchester -15 , London and Foreign, South, S-1 Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Caes- t 3-15 ~ ter. Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston. Wigan, Kan- chester, Bolton, 26 Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Norther Eastern Count le, Lancashire J Croft,Padgate. W Jolston, Stockton Heath and Stretton Lon Jon .4c Foreign, South, and S-, Bast n Coonties

5-30 p.m.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwiek. AU places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wast of Chester. Accrangton, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool,' Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale. Southport, Stalvbrldge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Bug- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfteld, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton. Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S ..11 Wales 2-29 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield:Earlestown, Colborne, Lowton & Winwick 3-10 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—Genera W.ght Mail. .. 3-10 SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mall.

10-35 a.m

NIL 110-15_ am.

from tte' Recoil,lug Office' Earles• a.; from all Sob-Offices at

TOWN DBLIVBRISS AS FOLLOW;— T, / By Cal ere. Postmln. 7-0 cm.

11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
645 ,

===== 0002601_19010823_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8-30 ~

945 „

===== 0002601_19010823_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ..

===== 0002601_19010823_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 A.M.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rn

===== 0002601_19010823_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
14 r

===== 0002601_19010823_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
FIREWORKS DISPLAY AT WARRINGTON.

Mr William Parkinson is to be congtatulatei upon the success which attended the fireworks display ar- ranged by him and given on the Warrington Cricket Club's ground at Art)ley on Thursday last week. This form of entertainmem is al ways highly popular with the public and there wai a large gathering of spectators to witness the display. Mr Parkinson showed commendable enterprise in venturing upon the undertaking and all who witnessed the display agreed that it did him very great credit. A most a:tractive programme was submitted, the corn - wencement of the exhibition being signalled by a salvo of aerial maroons from iron mortars which exploded with a loud report The pscent of a large balloon was an interes:ing I feature. Having ranched a considerable height the balloon threw out a 50 feet chain of floating colours, which assumed different hues every few minutes. The grounds were brilliantly illuminated by mas-es of coloured fire and batteries of colouted Romans and streamers, and this produced a very pleasing effect. By far the most attractive item was a set. piece representing the Walker fountain in toll play. This pyrotechnic novelty had been specially de- signed for the occasion by Mr Parkinson and his eons, and prove I to be a faithful representa- tion of the banesome fountain which adorns Warrington's park. it was composed of count- less lanceworks of co oured fires and the water was represented by brilliant sprays of lire. Anotherinteresting set-piece was that de- picting a battle between 'two men-of-war. here were seversl amusing mechanical devices, including "The Stupid Donkey," "The Dancing Sailor," and "The Gymnastic Mnnkey." Nlent ion must be made of the numerous fights of rockets, many of which emitted bright coloured stars. The "Fiery Whirl. winds " which ascended in spiral form, proved a pleasing diversion as did els) the silver fountain, which commenced with a revolving circle of fire and suddenly chang-id into a triple revolving foun- tain of brilliant coloured fi,e.—The Volunteer Band was in attendance, and played a splendid selection of music with its accustomed skill.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.

ee

===== 0002601_19010823_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION

An Enjoyable Picnic.

Those whose good fortune it was participate in this year's annual picnic in connection with the Warrington Women's Liberal Association will retain pleasant remembrances of the event. The outing took place on Thursday last week, and not a single untoward incident occurred to mar the enjoyment of the party. The pretty village of Bollingtou,near Dun- ham Park,was the place selected as the venue of th picnic, and it was agreed by all that the selection was a wise one. Tire weather conditions during the morning were not such as to indicate an enjoy- able outing in the afternoon.rain falling at frequent intervals. At noon, however, matters took a com- plete change tor the better and the greater part of the afternoon was brilliantly fine. About 40 mem- bers and friends took part in ' the picnic, and they included the Mayoress and Miss Roberts, Mrs Armitage (president). Mrs W andbMis3 Roberts. Mrs . Clay, Mrs Clegg, Mr and Mrs Mounfield and Mrs Cook. A start was made from the Liberal Club at 12 30 and the drive through the beautiful country was thoroughly enjoyed. The route taken was through Grappeu- hall, High Legh. Hon Green and Mere. On arrival at Bollington the party indulged in a ramble through Dunham forest and afterwards sat down to an excellent knife and fork tea, which was served at the " Old Swan" Hotel. At the conclu- sion of the repast, Mrs Armitage delivered a short speech, during the course of which she remarked thet the picnic had been a most enjoyable one although they had had only a small party. Per- haps the reason for this was the unsettled state of the weather in the morning, and in addition some members were away on their holidays. Neverthe- less the outing had been highly enjoyable.—Mr Mounfield proposed a vote of tnauks to Mrs Armi- tage for the ability with which she had fulfilled tbe duties of President of the Association. He , remarked that she had made many sacrifires in order to further the interests of tee Asiociation.— Mrs Clay seconded and the motion was heartily agreed to.—The party now adj ourned to the bowl- ing green where bowls were indulged in, several ladies proving themselves to be no mean exponents of the game. Rounders and other amusements were also participated in. The return journey was commenced at seven o'clock, the route 'neing via Lymm. Warrington was reached at 8 30'alter an eminently successful outing.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE TRANSACTION AND ITS. SEQUEL.

Local County Court Case.

At the Warrington County Court on Thuraday,last week belore His flobour Judge Bowen Rowlands K.O Edward flawes, farmer, Crowley Ball, Arley, North- wich,claimed £6 from Mr William Cannor,contract- or, Warriagtou, as cue unpaid amount of aifference in the exchange of two horses.—Defendant counter-claimed from the plaintiff the return of a horse.—Mr A Browne appeared for the plaintiff and the defendant was represented by Mr E A Connor.—Mr Browne. in opening the case,said,that Ntr Rawes occasionally traded in horses,aad in May the defendant went to his farm and asked if he had a horse for sale. Plaintiff had tbree, but they were , not quite suitable, and then he statea that there was another horse of his at Mr Cottom's yard, King-street, Warrington. Plaintiff and defendant went to the yard, and the result of the visit was that there was an agreement to exchange horses, the plaintiff to receive £5, the advantage of the exchange, since tbe horse he received was admit- tedly a "shirerer." There was also an agreement that the defendant s:iould have one day's trial of plaintiff's horse and that if found to be suitable the bargain would be considered concluded. A data four days later was fixed for t he plaintiff to receive th a .£5 but as he was no.. in town that day he did not go to Mr Connor's office. Plaintiff sold def aed- ant's horse for £l7 17s as a" shiverer" at Crewe and when he met defendant's father, some time afterwards it was stated that the other horse was was no: heavy enough. Plaintiff offered' to arrange another erThange if possible. Before this further exchange became possible by the plaintiff coming into possession of a heavier animal, the horse originally supplied to Mr Connor fell ill and died. Tney now claimed that the defendant re- taining possession and making no complaint im- mediately after the exchange, concluded the bar- gain and that the £5 was now due. For the defence it was contended that plaintiff had not carried Out fits part of the agreement The defendant agreed to give plaintiff another horse • and £5 for the horse plaintiff offered, pro- vided that the. plaintiff's horse proved suitable and an appointment was made for the plaintiff to see defendant on the fo'lawiug Wednesday to hear whether the horse was right and if so receive his £5. Piaintiff did not turn up but he was told two' days late that his aortae was not suitable and he offered to arrange a second exchange. This he did not do at once taough some time later be told the defendant that he bad a heavier horse for which be wanted'. £l2 in exchange. The death of the horse provided to defendant prevented the conclu- sion of the bargain. The 3 counter claimed for the return of the " shiverer." in cross-examinatiou defendant admitted that a day's trial would he sufficient to decide whether the horse was suitable or not but he understood the agreement was for three nays' trial. On the suggestion of the Judge, a compromise was arrived at, Mr Connor agreeing to pay the plaintiff £l3 10s for the horse described as a shiverrr." On this condition both claim and counterclaim were withdrawn.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH

OF WARRINGTON.

Week ending Saturday. Augu3t 10:13, 1931.

During the week, the following births and death were registered .

Warrington R.gistration District, 38 births, 29 deaths. The excess of births over deaths waS 9. The birth rate was equal to 306 per 1,000. Th. deati -rare from all n 'west was eq.aal to 23.4 per 1,000, against 26.8, the av 4.age of the previous four week,, and agaiiist 16 0, th cirreaponding period of Last year. Tne death-we from theqtv,a clief zymotic diseases was equal to 104 per 1,000, against 1105, the average rate ot the previous four weeks, and against 3.2 the corresponding period of 1900. Toe ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. Total' 13 5 3 1 4 3 29. The deaths included-2 from measles, 11. from diarrhre %. 1 from tub.rculo-iis, 1 from lung disease, 1 tram injuries, 1 from influenza, 12 from all other causes.

The following cases of infectious digeaso have been reported during the week :—Erysioe!as 2 cases. Total number of pati€nts in hospital week ending 10th August, 10 Nletenrology.— rhe mean temperature was 62 7 Fah.. and therefore 13 deg. lower than preceding week. The maximum temperature 76 F., was renwried on the 9.h inst., and the minimum temperature 5) F., en the 10th inst.

DIA Rainfall measured .35 inch. The general direc- tion was W.N.W.

JOHN H. GORNALL. Medical Officer ot Health, (pro.tem )

" As A SATE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE for Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Disease Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confident, iecommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, "It is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medics skill have brought to light." Thousands of Bestimonials sold everywhere. at 2s. 9dp.er bottle. BPWR, ,C worthless Dation& and substitutes.--Advt. (3. FLO/MANN 4—roe rah; Tigisrst •ND BRELni. -Thorog‘ny eleanses the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, harden the gums, prevaiits tartar, stops decay, awl gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Is. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar tor the Florilin• " Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Aldrt

-- - VALUABLE MO'7EBY FOR TRF! ettlll,—ll your hair is turning grey or white or falling oft use the MICIICaIf R• 111 REXEWX}{. for It will positively restore. In every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly himutifui, as we lu promoting the growth. Price Os 6d per bottle.— Ad st• TO illwrdEFlC—alrs. Wine low's Soothing Syrup has been uied for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect suceess. It will relieve the toorsutfurer inunediatAly It Is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural collet sleep. by rel;eving the child from pain and the little utternb awakes se Might as a button." Of all Cbornt•to Is lê4 nor hod..t.N. Art ot.

—.— CLARKE S Pl4l PILLS are warranted to oure, in either seg. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains In the bunt. Free from MerOury. Nstabllshed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. fid. each. of all Chemists and Patent Mellaine Vendor. through- out the world, or sent for slaty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.-- /advt.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
4 37 p.m

9-55 a.m. , ' 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICB OF RIIMOVAL

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Fineit Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branchee. JOAN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKBR AND RBPAIRBB. (Pupil of G. A. Chanof). 67. lIIINSHAW-BTIDIRT (corner of Benson-street), LIVIIRPOOL.

:LADIES s , SPECIAL OFFER! THE NEW CIRCULAR SKIRT, ' ie.in. Frill. Lined throughout. 4 BLALKnaoger Pa NA. /iiV Y. 4111 ?sea., ermeni owl LereglA. Satisfaction 0 I teed. asmememM......• H. 'WORDY, Manufacturer, LEEDU.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORN. .A

===== 0002601_19010823_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
E 074 PS `4 et E, 4,7 NT 2 man 40. AMU GEM

i ,

ZZL-1:1".t1..

===== 0002601_19010823_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
p5,4,p71b,. eitifiltibe

THOUSANDS IN Sri:liZnis, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality,

At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free

===== 0002601_19010823_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
_____iz) _ n cz.r.,.---.1.1:,..,- . .m,,,et:::: ~.. 1'.'4.',...Z.ii".4.2

,:ttit, 4i

LARGEST STOCK 0.

Lbies an,

illiants, £l5

Brilliani

GOO CHAINS. •Lathes' from 35/-

Gents'

from 60/-

t,,,tLiet ...._.,,z,„,...'..,z,) • ' -1,6 . Pearls & Sapphires, 25/- Brilliants, £3. Iss. Pearls & Rubies, 2S f- Brilliants, £l2. Ws, F RINGS IN THE WORLD. P ' .. • 1:9 • . . \N„. W .>" Vt.., ZIO. Brilliants, :roin £5.

s, ,rtilr",ll BrilltantB, £7. lOs flu'

===== 0002601_19010823_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
.; ENSON'S 'IMPERIAL PLATE" L CUTLERY

Equals Sliver, at One Quarter the Cost.

TEA SETS, CRUETt, WAITERS,.. SPOONS, FORKS, and TABLE CUTLERY of the BEST QUALITIES. or fall details, prices, &c., see

riENECIX , WATCHES from £.2 to £5OO. C, -AGEmara SINGS, BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL" AND SILVER PLATE, &c., Jst free. NOTE rORDER 'FORM and O FjPUTRIBHITAIPSPosOrF2HE TIMES" SYSTEM

tz'EMSON, Lid., 62 (I 64, Ludgate Hill, London.

'ttl • 44: r i- , -. 4 ..•.it,,,,e-,, 0 " F, • i• ~ 1 ,--.; • ~ 'qo7l'S BOOK OF

a • --..,,tyik .!,..w ts, '..,. ...--..-• V . \ _ j•-•F'-‘ :jai" _ • \ Vri. e:;:,:jeifr ''. • , . \-• : , 14 :' "- 'LOCKS, CHAINS, ENG ---, Po:

===== 0002601_19010823_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

ore 4, •0! ' f O • ' - .11. ter' . .... . W-111 ' • , t .. . I, , .? . . • ii. ". $.... i. . ,4:f.. . . • . . . .. ... ... .;• . . , . 7,..‘,'• w• . .. , .111111.• ' • •-•‘ ... • . r: •) ..• , • it ~,,, • , -....„ .... • . ' •

i-70R ALL.

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, COnstipationj Wind 9

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female. Ailments.

Prepared only- by the Proprietor. Taomns BEECHAM. Si. Helens, Lancashire, La bores, Is. lid. (56 pills) and :Id. each, wi:h full. directions. Sold. everywhere.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
1000 U,

Ot)ti*Al4.;C

)00000000000000000000a FOOTBALL, HOCKEY 9 GOLF, RUNNING,I43 and al: SPORTiNG REQUIS2TES may be obtained of 10 • I§ j'Lw 4UMPARIVEIaaaI7r- ' The Cheapest, Best, and Moat Liberal H0L139 in the Trade. - 0 CUARr

L. T.D.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; I. • • I • . • •

===== 0002601_19010823_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
..... ••• MOll.O. 5111 ; Mks,' 4:11 • FOIt‘Y.MIN " tra !agar, ' Car, nue, 811 roataqe, be:ow 1 ad. extra.

F3OTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. All colours and combination of Colour& _ _

11 & 2 9 .-s' 34. leas. special desigr quuced for. Flannelette— Plai &dolt r 11111. 21 lialvesrevers 2 & 4 in. stripe 2/1, 2. llea' All Wool, idain minors or 'Alves I reversed, 49, 7,11, • Postage on single Write for 111—...; alogue, Post Free. ZierE, Ltd.,

1000-;'

Port LADIES a GENTS ARE THE VERY BEST & MOST UP-TO DATE ITHr or Flre.l NvbrelA Carrioge raid. Discount for Caah.

£3 zos. 1431 .7. ios. iVO r 3 A lis. 19,3 (-1 .12 125. SI; Oa. .• - £l4 :0* 34.6 *OUP= OrismisSinlolloosinekliS. Sesein.or Breke. SeetYlsn. Laura WI. Rd* it mom fog Maw S.Asow's Lin or JUNO C2ollll mod Amenoviss • over WO perm MHTROPOUTAN MACHINISTS CO. LTD.. TS Ilisi•piret. Street Without. Lodes. 8.C.. AIM PumbP•22,2 Oman. Lamm W.

A. ... I ful ) .... ...

JO F.:4\0000 S;

„114,)s.C_LES IIiVP(OF • %. Akg•ra'.•`. • :1.25: T 4 - 4 sea. 7: Zo monthly. • 4'

===== 0002601_19010823_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IN=

===== 0002601_19010823_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
lOTBALL SUNDRIES. -ds, via 1.!..t.e. 2,5. P. .o 121- per set. I'arrint , with thsgs. 13. po.br 1 Football Flags co-4,1110,4A & dra. Nen. ad. , Bent ... nns* '- inthtor.4, trout 101 d. Po.towe 3.1. and all. I web le, II Br' 4.4, wit it double straps and (ex' 7hurtles. Ist. P,,vage

FOOTBALL KNICI

===== 0002601_19010823_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL ',SEYS.

ti-NiinadoWT,l:4 ODW Thickski it. 1110 Law' skin,

===== 0002601_19010823_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS.

Ace 3n5t17 celebrated all over the world as the most sate out speedy remedy for Pains in the Wick. Gravel. Lumbago, Gout, Itheun2stlern Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. an t Diseases at the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many corium/Lints. sepposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination or the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Hirerç pankege bears the Government &Leap, with the words, eity's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. ati .•WALTHIt ROOS, LONDON." thereon, by order oe her Mai 26. 9.1. at all Medicine Houses, or post free tram Praprietin Holford House. Haltord-sousre. Lona:in • w n,

===== 0002601_19010823_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0 PD

===== 0002601_19010823_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Ettttrs to the Otittor.

Land Value Taxation. Sir,—The assessment of land alone accordiag to value regardless of any buildings or other improvements thereon for purely local purposes in towns is one part of the recommendatione in the chief minority report of the Royal Commission on Local Taxation. The inequity, and it might be added, iniquity—of the present system of assessment of land anu buildiags together is well brought out in that report. The Commissioners high government cffitials and members of the present government, submit that the present system affords no true measure of the services rendered or available for each site respectively from the expenditure of common funds. On the contrary, it is poihted out that those who build and improve the most are made to pay the heaviest contribution to !,lerti rates, if, for the time being, land is put to no use then no rate is paid ; if to a little use a small rate only becomes payable—the owner all the time laughing in his sleeve—the value of his partly-used or it may be wholly vacant site continually mounting by growth of population and public expendi- ture, the neighbours meanwhile being saddled with all the burden. Can any system of rating be more absurd, it ore cal- culated to directly encourage land speculators and care- less laud proprietors to withhold land from use for years until it reaches the highest prices land hunger can create ? Building value and not land value bears the chief burden of the rates on the outskirts of towns, the rateable value being perhaps made up cf five parts out of six of building value. This is a most unfaie differen- tial treatment of the suburbs compared with the centres of large towns where the building va'ue does not form nearly so large a proportion of the total annual value. It is obvious that in the most central partiens of towns the value ot the lard enters to a very consider- able extent into the total annual value, being perhaps two parts out of three. The value of land arises in such a way—it is so clearly a social product—as to make it a peculiarly suitable subject for special taxation well able to be borne. The present system of rating operates as a fine upon industry and improvement. The effect is the same as a physical obstacle to the exten- sion of a town. By adding to the cost of production of a further supply of buses, reut becomes dearer every- where and people crowd closer together. Aleessment reform is the only real solution of the housing question: Many people have an impression that the assessment and collection of a land tax will disturb existing con- tracts between landlord and tenant and confiscate part of the rents reserved under current lemma and agree- ments. Those who think so will be agreeably surprised to find they have been all along nursing a delusion. I would gladly eend (1) Memorandum on Assessment Report which deals with flee question of existing ground rents. (2) Copy of the report presented to his Majesty the King by Judge O'Connor, H. C., a member of the Royal Commission referred to above and (3) pamphlet on the question "Can a land tax be shiftea ? " by Henry George to any et your readers sending address on a postcard. The subject is vitally important to rate- payers and to elected persons, and candidates for parish district and Borough Council?, Boar di of Guardians fm. —Yours truly

F. BATT 5, Cholnaeley Villas, Highgate, London N.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERNATIONAL CRICKET. Wanted—Z—Better Team.

Chances of the Proposea Australian Eleven in

the Test Matches.

A County Cricketer writes in the " Daily Express" In selecting his eleven for Australia. or rather, I should say. in selecting his thirteen for Australia, Mr A C 2dcLaren has had to contend with many difficulties of a very serious nature. Even supposing that Mr McLaren had the whole personnel of English Cricket to select from he would *till be beset with endless difficulties in allotting the last half-dozen places. In no case could he escape adverse criticism.

As matters stand be will be accompanied to Australia not by the cricketers whom he desites to take, but merely by a selection of those whe are able and willing ta go.

_ Of the side so far as it has been made up, only six members would probably find a place on present form in an all-England combination. The two best batsmen and the two best bowlers of the current season are none of them included among Mr MacLaren's companions. THE MEN WHO STAY BEHIND. I cannot but think that the first four choices for Eng- land, were the cricketing talent of the whole country available,would probably be C B Fry, K S Ranjitsinhji, Hirst, and Rhodes. No one of these cricketers is avail- able. I might add a fifth choice—J It Mason, whom many people are inclined to put at the nead ot the list. It is, however, the loss of Hirst and Rhodes which makes, perhaps, the most serious hitch in Mr Mac- Laren's plans.

THE PRESENT TEAM. gßut there is no use in speculating upon the impossible or in going any further into the merits of those who cannot, owing to the force of circumstances, sail for Australia.

The team, as far as has hen selected at nres'nt, is made up as follows :—A C MacLaren, G L Jenson, A 0 Jones, H Ii Garnett, Hayward, Tyidesley, W G Quairs, Lilley, Braund, Blythe, and John Gunn. It is a good, even an excellent eleven, but I am not sure that it could beat Yorkshire on their form at the beginning of the month twice out of three times. And this should not be the ease with an eleven which is to uphold the honour of England. The point we have to consider is : Will nig team which is going to Australia be able to keep up the prestige of English cricket? Will it have any chance of SUCCrS3 in representative matches? It will play, I pre- sume, five test matches. To he frank, Ido not see how with the howlers be has self cted, Mr Ma cLaren eanocts to get Australia out for anything less than a mammoth total.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST OR NONE AT ALL.

Thus, while deploring the difficulties attendant upon the enterprise of taking at all a representative English ' team to Australia, Many cricketers are asking whether it is not a case of sending the heat or none at all. The matter resolved itself into the simple question as to whether it is fair that Mr MacLaren's eleven should represEn•: the embattled might of English cricket in a series of test matches, of which, on paper, the result would almost seem a foregone conclusion in favour of Australia. They are, as a rule, the better fielding side ; they will prove, I am afraid, a considerably mere powerful batting side, and they are almoat sure to be, beyond all argument and comparison,a more formidable bowling side. • The last is the weakest spot in Mr MacLaren's eleven. Be has no bowler who, if there were an Australian team at present in Englard, would to-lay he chosen to represent this country in a test match. This being the cafe, 113 it wise to play five test matches when the most sanguine of us acknowledge that in order to get Aus- tralia out for a reasonable score it will be quite necessary for luck to play on our side as twelfth man ? If I might make a suggestion. it would be that the number of individuals to go to Australia should he increased from thirteen or fourteen to sixteen. This would allow frrquent changes to be made in the eleven, and wculd do away with the main objection put for- ward by the county committees that an Australian season, following upon a lone English one, is apt to be very injurious to a bowler's future career. Bv tots expedient, it might be found possible to gather a representative sine, as far, at any rate, RS the professional element is concerned.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE DOMESTIC TRAGEDY.

A Whole Family Killed.

The Prss% Association Plymonth correspondent tele- graphs :.....News reached here early on Thursday morninv ef a terrible tragedy at Saltash. In the early hours of yesterday morning the report of firearms was heard entning from a house there occupied by a man named Mortimer. During the day suspicion war aroused by the fact that no signs of life were apparent in the house and at eleven o'clock at night it was broken into, A frightful spectacle then presented itself, the dead bodies of Mortimer. his wife. two daughters. and two sons being di:covered, It is thought that Mortimer first shot his wife and daughters. and then attacked his sons, and af'serwards turned his weapon upon himself. The Press Association Plymouth correspondent, t.te. reVAlDilirt,, later, SAVA the crime is the worst of its kind that has happened in modern times in the west country. About three o'clock en Wednesday morning some of the inhabitamtg ef the Home Park. Saltash, were awakened and startled by the report cf firearms, which apparently came from the house occupied by Mr Mortimer and family. As the blind, remained down during the day, and in response to calls no one answered the door, euenieion was *reused. and the neighbours communicated v,ith the police authorities, who deemed the case so serious as to warrant a forcible entry. This was accomplished on Wednesday evening, when a horrible sight presented itself. In the front bedroom were found Mrs Mortimer, two little girls, and Mr Mortimer, all dead, having been shot in the head whilst in the tack room were the bodies of two hove, also with nearly the whole of their heads shot off. The father must have shot his wife, then his four children, and finally himself. The rooms were covered with blood, and prssented a most repulsive appearance. Tbe GLEN-SPRY lllsTutc&Y. Situate In the finest Whiskv-prortuelng District of Scotland. is the property of W. &A. Gimpy. This Whisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended In his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold be W.& A. Gilbey's agents in every town a`. 35. 63 per bottle

===== 0002601_19010823_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

Yesterday's Cricket.

Close of Play Scores.

LANCASHIRE v NOTTS:—Notte, 209. Lancwhire 22 for 1.

KENT A YORKSHIRE :—Yorkshire, 251. Kent 33 for 0. SUSSEX v MIDDLESEX :—Sussea, 393 for 6. GLOUCESTER v SURREY :—Surrey. 414 for 4. DERBYSHIRE v ESSEX :—Essex, 420 for 6. HAMPSHIRE v SOMERSET:— Somerset, 345: Hants. 72 for 1. 4 LEICESTERSHIRE v WORCESTERSHIRE W3reeEt3r, 472 for 5.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS

Boer Commando Surprised.

Seven Boers Killed, Two Wounded, Twenty-one Captured.

Colonel Barker and Major Pine-Coffin have surprised a commando at Doornberg. Seven Boers were killed, two wounded, and 21 clptured, with 35 rill, 40 horses, and three waggons. Boer Attack on Block. houses.

A Laffan telegram from Capetoswn says --Its

Boers m%de two night attacks on blockhouses near

Naauwpoort. 'The first was 'easily repulsed, but • later same of Commandant Lotter's men boldly attacked a blockhouse five miles north of Naauw- poort• This was the " baptism of file" of the blockhouses. The troops behaved excellently. Armoured trains arrived with blaxims, searchlights, and strong reinforcements of infantry. The search. lights played upon the hills while the Maxims and rifles poured showery of lead into any spot where the Boers could lurk. The enemy were forced to retreat.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Casualties.

The following casualties were included in Tuesday eight's list :-Ist South Lancdshire Regiment : 4239 Private D Irwin died from pneumonia at Pietermaritz- burg on August 15th. The undermentioned reported dangerously ill :—At Vrybeid. August I,7th. Ist South Lancashire Regiment : 3.433 Private S Edmonds. com- pression of the brain. Springfontein. Auzust 17th, 32ad Company Imperial Yeomanry : 21,354 Privati John Geddes, enteric.

.......••••=•••••••11

===== 0002601_19010823_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

Results of Examinations, 1901.

Board of Education.—Art.

FREEHAND.—First class : G Bolton, Mabel D Greenough, Laura Norman, C E Wright. Second class : J Armitage, Elsie A Bowcock, Adeline Dell, A Dring, Mary M Gandy, F Gibbons, D Ostle, Margaret Shearer. Mons-L.—First class : G Bolton, Maud K Brown, B Davies, A Drine. D Matthews. Second class : Mabel II Earp, Helen Fairclough, Mary M Gandy, Mabel D Greenough, W H Houghton, Ethel Kenyon, Alice M Cnott, Jean B Shirlaw, Eleanor G Watkins, Dora' Weston, Rosa White, Ellen Womersley. LIGHT AND SIIADE.—First class : A Cooke, Adeline Dell, Helen Fairclough, Mabel D Greenough, Ellen Womer.ley. Second class : G Bolton, B Davies, A Dring, Ethel Kenyon, Jean B Shirlaw, Rosa White, Amy Wilson. DRAWING.—First class: A Cooke, Mabel H Earp, E FAirclough. J Newall,Laura Nurnaan. Second class: Annie Clarke Florence Fowler, W H Houghton, E Malone, Ethel Yattram. PERArECTITE;Firit clas3 : G Bolton. Se:oncl class : A Cooke.

SQ-G;:.—Advancad.second class : Eliztbeth A Forbes Ethel Mottram, Gertrude Pickavance, Emily Pliaston. PAINTING FROM STILL LIFE.—SOCOIId ClllB3 : Rosa Cheadle', Helen Fairclough, Ethel Kenyon, Ethel Mottram, Gertruede Pickavance. PRINCIPLES OF ORNAMENT.—Second class : A Cooke, J Millard, Ethel Mottram. DRAWING FROM LIFE.--Filit class ; J ARCHITECTURE.—First clats : Gertrude Pickavance. Second class : G Bolton, H H Dell. DRAWING FROM THE ANTIRITE.—First class : J Millard Second class : G Bolton, A Cooke, B Davies, H H Dail, Ethel Mottram.

DHAWINO THE ANTIOLTE FROU MEMORY.—First class : J Millard: WORKS SENT TO SOUTH KENSINGTON.—Book prizs 203 Gertrude Pickavaocs, book prizs 103, J Millard. Certi- ficate works : Result ”ot 37( t received. Board of Education Science.

PRACTICAL GEOMETRY.—Elementary, second class : H O'Brien. THEORETICAL MECHANICS, SOLlDS.—idvanced, seoond class : J Pannington. MATIIEMATICi,—Stago 11, second class : R G 8 Finney, C Horobin. N Nield, T F Wilson . stage I, first class : j D Cannel!, 9 Swindells. PRACTICAL MATHEMATICS.—EIementary, second class E P T 119,10. . .

Bunniso CossraucTroN.-Idv3ncPd, sAcond class :II C Ardern. Elementary, second class: W J Johnson, S Massey, R Su•ton. .

_ MACHINE DRAWING —Advanced, second class : R B Ardern. J Horsfield, T F. Wilson. Elementary, first class: T P Ratlabone, E Rimmer. Elementary, second class: B Bsnnetr, J Bstmetc, H R Millington, J Newall, H W O'Brien, T A Wilkinson. APPLIED MECHANICS—Advanced, second J Mas- sey, J W Spensley. Elementary, first class: F White. , Elementary, second class: G T RilShiol3. STEAM,—Advanced, first class: J Massey. Advanced, second class: P Booth, J W Spensley. Elementary, first class : A Brimelow. Elementary, second class : 0 J Rathbone, r Taylor. MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY:—„Advanced, second c'ass : w B Odell() . Elementary, second class : E W Kirk, J Lingard. INORGANIC CHEMISTRY (THEORETICAL),—Advanced, second class • N Williams. Elementary, first class J Burn, W Gandy. P Rollinsworth, J Snailham, Ella Wilson. Elementary, second class : M Glover, J W Rowland, J Salt. INORGANIC CHEMISTRY (PRACTICtL).—Honours Part 1., Pass : f Dixon, Gray, S Ssyladslls. Advanced, first class : N Williams. Advanced, se cOnd class : J Brubl, CW B Nash. Elementary, first class : W Gandy. F Holingsworth. Elementary. second class J W Row- land, J Salt. Oscrersic CHEMISTRT (TnEORETICAL).—Advanced, first class S Swindells. Advanced, second class : T Dixon, H Gray. ORGANIC CHE7IISTRY (Practical).—Advsnced, First Class: S Swindells. Advanced, second class : T Dixon; H Gray. HUMAN PHYSlOLOGY.—Elementary, firs: class : Sarah M Dobson, Amy Haynes, Mary A Thompson. Elemen- tary, second class : Jane Garnett. Violer, E Lloyd, Annie Scott. FlYGlENE.—Elemntary, first class Sarah M Dobson Elementary, second class : Maud K Brown, Violet E Lloyd. J Snailham,Mary A Thompson. City and Guilds Institute. IRON AND STEEL.-olMilaarV grade, first Class H Rigby. Second class J Burn, A Darbysbire, F Hollingsworth, CF Taylor.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

Science and Art Results.

The following are the further results to hand ot the science and art examinations held at the Runcorn Technical lI:BLitt:CP. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.—Advanced Stage : Second class. Thomas P Mort, Robert W Booth ; elementary stage : second cuss. J W Sandback, J H Hamilton, Rowland Hadfield, Arthur Cropper. Mscartrg CONSTRUCTION AND DRAWING —Advanced St tge : Second Class, Thomas Green. John E Tweddell, Samuel B Clarke, George H Powell. E'ementary Stage : First claw., William Ray, Llewellyn J Prince, Gowen Fryer. Harry L Dale, Harry A Woodier. Second class : Joseph S Cunnah. Reginald A Banks, T Prince. qy MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY.—EIementatv stage : EtrlaaL Walter Itnolds. L INORGANIC CHEMlSTAT.—Elementary SecondnEo a c stage : First class, George A Mack. Second class Stephen Gale, Edward P Ridge. : PRACIICAL INORGANIC CHEMlSTY.—Advaneed stage : Second clay, Harry Green, Har urton. Elementary stage ! Firit class, George A Mack. PERSPECTIVESECOND CLAS3 : Frank Sherlock, work aclepted for AC T Certificate—Freehand drawing of ornament from cast, W T Howard.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901

The Cruur CONSTABLE: They are described as off-licence holders. Councillor VVILLLint PIEIIPOINT : I move that the off—licences be renewed.

Mr GOUGH :May I have a word here?

The CHIEr CONSTABLS: Have you given notice of objection? __

MiGouair : No.

The CHATIMA.N : You are not entitled to be heard. Mr GOUGH : I am not raising an objection, I only meant to draw your attention to one thing done last year. Dr Fox: We cannot disouss what was done last year. Mr GOUGH: But—

The CHIEF CONSTABLE: Will you kindly keep silence when you are told you are out of order. The CHAIRMAN : I BM afraid you are out of order, Mr Gough. Councillor Pierpoint : You cm make application later on, and then the Bench will hasr you. The licences were then renewed. MUSIC LICENCES.

Music licences were then considered. The CnstnslAN (to the Chief Constable) : Are you satisfied with the present holders of music licences? The CHIRP CONSTABLE : I have no objection whatever to make to the existing licences. The CHAIRMAN : How many have you? The CHIEF CoNstAsims : There were 4G, but only 41 apply for licences this year. The Cria.rnma.sr : They are all renewed. The CLERK: There is an application for the renewal of a billiard licence for the Winmarleigh Cafe. The CarEr CONSTABLE; I think there is no objection. The licence was renewed. Aft GOUGII : Your worships have asked whether there are any objections. We admit we haw, not sent in a written ohjection— Councillor PisnrorNr : You must make appli- cation later on.

The CasIRXI&N : We have now some other bu3i- ness before us. PROPOSED RE-BITILDING OF THE CATTLE MARKET INN.

Mr BROWNE made an application on behalf of Messrs Greenell, Whitley and Co for sanction to rebuild the Cate is Market Inn,Marlcet-street. Councillor PIERPOINT : 18 that the house which belonged to the late Mr Carlisle? 111 r BROWNE : Yes. The house is One Which has been occupied for something like 40 years. The late tenant would not have any alterations made in I order to bring it up to modern requirements. lt was recently put up tor sale and Messrs Greenall became purchasers of the property. They desired to make it suitable for the requirements of peo-tele using the market and more in accord with the other build- ings in the town. It was not intended to increase the drinking area of the present premises; they were going to decrease it by four square yards. The objection which was generally taken into account, that the owners were increasing the drinking facilities, did not hold good in this case for the drinking area would be decreased by four square yards. The Crt&nrif&N : You are going to make it smaller ? Mr BROWNE : No ; we are going to re-arrange it. Mr Browne proceeded tc point out that adjoining the public house was a small butcher's shop and a gateway leading to a slaughter house in the rear. fie would be able to prove that the whole of these premises were part and parcel of the public-house and therefore came within the curtilage of the licence. He was unable to produce the deeds but some correspondence was in existence which went to bear out the statement he had made. The only alteration which had been made to the pre- mises during the lest 30 years was that the shop had been put up at the expense of the tenant for the purpose of his business as a butcher and this shop had taken the place of a coal place which was attached to the public house. It was proposed to put up a house consistent with the requirements of the neighbourhood, a place where persons coming to the market might enjoy a glass of beer or stout or anything they liked within reason. It was the intention of the owners to Dull down the old slaughter-house and abolish it altogether. Councillor PIEarOINT : That is right. Mr BROWNE said the slaughter-house was one which could not be removed compulsorily wi'lvut compensation because igloos one put:up before the passing of a certain publio health act. Tbe town would therefore benefit to that'extent.The plans had been pissed by the Street Im- provement Committee and the bylaws had been complied with.

Mr GEDDES : D 3 you propose to have an entrance from Golden Grove-street ? Mr BROWNE : None whatever. A small gateway will be put in at the back for domestic purposes but the gate will he kept locked. Mr Clr' EDDES : There will be no stabling In the yard ? ' Mr BROWSE : No. We ehall also do away with the internal communication between the butcher's shop and the public house. The CHIEF CONSTABLE : That improvement takes away from the demerits of the application. The present condition of things would not be allowed anywhere. Mr Goma : I should like t 3 ask whether the Chief Constable is objecting to the application ? Toe Cater CONSTABLE: You mind your own business Mr Gough. The CHAIRMAN Mr Browne has not finished his Case yet. Mr Bnowtsg thea proceeded to explain the plans of the propesed house, The frontage would cover the space occupied by the present house, the butcher's shop and the gateway. The CHAIRMAN : It covsre the entire frontage. Mr BROWNE Yes. 01 the first floor w I oropo3e to provide a club roem,and the s econd floor will be devoted entirely to private bedrooms. It was felt that the Cattle Market Inn was an awkward namP, and the owners proposed that it should be re-named the Market Inn. There was no other licensed hoso baring that name. The premises were licensed betore 1259. C,uncillor PIERPOINT : Sas it b :To a well-accustomed house ? Mr BROWNE : Yes.

COUTICiIIOr PIERPOINT Your Object is to give more room hr customers and make an improvement. Is it more a question of that than selling more beer ? (Laughter.) The CUAIRMXN : I don't see where you are reducing the drinking area. ?dr BROWNE : The present premises go further back than the new building will do. The Cater CONsTiaBLs said the plans hal not linen be- fore the Watch Committee. The committee had decided that they would not consider any plans or applications of this kind. In future only minor structural alterations would be taken cogniz snag of by the committee. Mr Browne had stated that the applicants did not pro- pose to increase the drinking area brit perhaps that statement was open to two constructions being placed upon it. lie thought there could be no ques'Aon that ther e butcher'sses. pas was originally a part at the licensed m not n by the sanction of the bench pisth it ultimately became so. He had seen people going into the butcher's shop when it was more prob %tole that they wanted a drink than butchers's meat. It was scarcely debateable ground that the shop did at one time or othor belong to the licensed premises, but with regard mthigeey;. were also within the curtilage of th was open to quation. to the yard and the slaughter house he thought the Contention that Mr BROWNS : I think we might assume that. Dr Fox We must not amine anything. Ntlldr BROWNS : If there was a howe, there must have been a card to it.

The Camp CIN3TABLE : I think it is a fair assump- tion but if it were backed by proof it would be more convincing. Mr BROWNE : bar contention is that the slaughter- house was a stable originally connected with the inn and afterwards converted into a slaughter-house. Dr Fox : When was the licence granted ? The CLERIC : I have no: the documents and cannot go that fir back. 11Mr GEDDES : There was no yard in connecti In with the house. I rAinernber the time when the premises were formerly used es warehouse. Mr Beowss : In 1859 the yard was used by Mrs Broughton when she was engaged at the Cattle Markat Inn. Mr GEDDEg We had a roasting place just behind there, errhe e c hut t, h h ne o m wkr,et n lon Part of the premises now used Mr BnowsE : Mr Down has always known it as one tii rent property. The whole of the premises are in one 10483 and have been so for 30 year,. The CHIEF CONSTABLE Unfortunately there is no record as to what was I nenael originally. 'Tnerefore we were in the dark. He did not allege that any mis- representation had been made. When he received a plan he wrote to M'ssrs William and S.gar 0 wen for information. In reply, Messrs Owen said the drinking area of the present premises was 85 square yards and the drinking area' of the new premises weuld be 104 square yards, showing an increased area of 19 square yards. In a subsequent letter, Messrs Owen pointed out that in the area of 104 square yards they had included a large Passage into which no bar opened. They thought this ought to be deducted from the drink- ing area which would leave the drinking accommoda- tion at 82 square yards. The Cuaremarr ; It is a very ingenious argument. (Langhter ) The CHIEt CONSTABLE Yes it is very smart. (Laughter). Mr BROWNS : I was the cause of this second letter. (Renewed laughter). Councillor FIRRPOINT In plain words the increase ' in drinking accommodation is 19 yards. Mr BaowNE : You can hardly call a passege a drink- irm area, Dr Fox : Is there a club room in the present pre- raises ? Mr Ba.-,yrxs : No. sir.

I -

===== 0002601_19010823_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING SESSIONS.

Two New Applications Refused.

The annual licensing meeting for the County Borough of Warriagton was held in the Court Room Irlam-street, on Thursday morning. This year,there were no applicatiens of great importance, and con- sequently there was a dimiaished interest in the proceedings. The licensing committee consisted of the Mayor (Alderman Roberts), Alderman Fran- comb, Mr F Monks, Mr John Geddes, Mr Thomas Birchall, Councillor William fierpoint, and Dr Fox. The three first-named magistrates were absentees, and the chair,was occupied by Mr Thomas Birchall. The following magistrates were also on the bench : —Councillor Smethurst., Messrs J W Hayward, Henry Thornton, and J Rymer Young. The only solicitor present was Mr Arthur Browne who appeared on behalf of Messrs Greenall,Whitley and Company in support of an application to re- build the Cattle Market Inn and also represented Mr B lienyon and Mr Wych in their applications. Amongst those present in Court were Mr Alder- man Bolton, Councillor John Evans, Mr T J Down, Mr J Clarke, Mr Drury, Mr R Isherwood, Mr Gough and 3 Cliffe. THE CHIEF CONSTABLE'S REPORr.

The Chief Constable's annual report which was submitted to the justices read as follows :—I have the honour to submit to you my sixth annual report relative to the busineas of the Brewster Sessions, the period dealt with being the year ended July 31st, 1901. Subsequent to the last extension of the Borough boundaries the population according to the census of 1891, was 55,068. According to the late census it has increased to 64.211. There are in the town, 87 alehouse, 39 beerhouses, and 83 " off. licensed " premises (Including those licensed for the sale of wine or spirits), total 211, a proportion of one license to every 304.45 of the population. Onei licensed victualler (John Taylor, " Unicorn Inn," Winwick-road), was fined .£lO and costs, his licence being endorsed, for permitting drunkenness and one beerhouse-keeper (James Payton, "The Old Blueback," Allen-street),was fined las and costs for a similar offence. The licence of the former house has since been transferred to a new tenant. Some 580 visits of supervision have been paid to licensed premises by inspectors and sergeants dc- tailed for such duty, and 16 licence-holders have been cautioned by these officers for slight irregu- larities. Generally speaking, the licensed houses have been well conducted. Licences have been transferred to 16 licensed victuallers, three beer- house-keepers, and four off-licence holders, making a total of 23 transfers. Last year the number of transfers was 23. Twenty-six alehouses,seven beer. houses, and 13 other public rooms are licensed for music and dancing. At the alehouses and beer- houses so licensed no professional performers are employed. For the performance of stage plays 12 1 places are licensed. During the year the magis- trates have dealt with 265 charges of drunkenness. viz:-192 against male persons and 73 against females. There were 246 convictions and 19 per- sons were cautioned and dismissed. Last year the charges of drunkenness were 302, or 37 in excess of this year's total. Of the pergons charged during the present year, 183 were residents of the town and 82 were persons who had no permanent abode here. I should point out that six persons were convicted three times, and 18 persons twice each during the year, so that 54 of the charges represent only 24 individuals. Thera is as yet no provision in this locality in the shape of a home for inebriates under the Inebriates Act of 1898.

Accompanying the report is a list showing the number of houses, of licensing prosecutions and of charges of drunkenness in the borough during each year of the past decade. In 1892 there .were 88 licensed victuallers, 48 beerhouse keepers and 73 hopkooners as compared with 87 licensed victuallers 39 boathouse keepers and 85 shopkeepers at the present time. In 1892 the charges of drunkenness numbered 680 : 1893, 606; 1894, 458; 1895, 328 ; 1896, 264; 1897, 266; 1899, 418 ; 1900, 302; 1901, 265.

A second table gives a comparative return of the statistics of drunkenness in several other towns and cities, the figures being relative to the same period dealt with in the report% We extract from it the following statistics : _

Per 1000 of

Total Population population proceedel Census Census agalnat. 1901. 19C1. . 2538

Middlesboro' Barrow-to-Furness York Stockport ' = 493 sm.. 78.871 Oldham Rochdale ... Huddersfield _ _ _ 93.008

I Halifax Wigan Bolton 561 ...... 188,205 ...... 333 Burnley Blackburn Birkenhead B6l ...... 111,001 ...... 7'75 Preston Bootle Hanley Warrington RENEWAL OF EXISTING LICENCE3.

The Cum? CONSTABLE said he was not instruc- ted to make any objection to the renewal of any of the existing licences. Councillor PIERPOINT : I see you have only one complaint to make against the licensees.

The CHIEF CONSTABLE There are two licensees who have had convictions recorded against them. They are both mentioned in my report. Councillor PIERPOINT : Is the licenses of. the Unicorn Inn still in the occupation of the house ? The CHIEF CONSTA.BLE : No, ha has been removed. Councillor PIERPOINT Is the new licensee a satisfactory tenant ? The CHIEF CONsiaBLE Perfectly satisfactory, or the magistrates would not have granted the licence. The CHAIRMAN : The other licensee mentioned is a beerhouse keeper ? The CHIEF CONSTABLE : Yes. The general con- duct of licensed houses in the town has been good. There is a considerable reduction in drunkenness. Councillor PIEnPorYr: Have any of the magis- trates any objection? Mr HAYWARD objected to the renewal of the licence of tbe Unicorn Inn.

The CHIEF CONSTABLE: The Bench in giving the licence to someone else have shown a disposition to renew the licence.

Mr ARTHUR BROWNE seated that he appeared on behalf of the owners of the Unicorn Inn when the licensee was summoned and he ( N,fr Browne) publicly stated that the owners did not identity ' themselves in any shape or form with the serving of drink on the day of the Queen's funeral and whether the magistrates convicted or not, they had given notice to the tenant to clear out cf the place. The CHIEF CONSTABLE: Tfle queseion of object- ing to licences has been carefully considered by the watch Committee and I was instructed nut to object to the licence. The C.'EtAirmiN : Tile alehouse licences ar3 agreed to. The renewal of the existing beer-house licences was then conQidered. The Clump. CONSTABLE There is no objection to the existinfg beer- house licen C9P, The CHAIRMAN : One of these licensees has been convicted ? The CHIEF CoNsTiaLn : Yes; but the licence WB9 not endoried.

The CHAIRMAN That is the CMO Of James Payton? The CHIEF CONSTSBLg : I think I ought to say in justice to him, that although he was convicted, it was a grelt surprise that be should be brought . up on such a charge: He onej of the most careful licensees in the town. .

The beer-house liceoces were then renewed. Toe off-licences were next considered. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that the licensees were described as provision dealers. Re did not see why they should be described as provision dealers when they were nor: The Gum, CONSTABLE: Why should we des- cribe some as grocers' licences when the hollers are not all grocers ? The CACIMAN : I chink everything °ugh: to be plainly dlAcribed. The CLERIC. They are rie.scribed as they have been described for years. The CHIE? CONSTABLE : Would you kindly sug- gest what we should call them ? The CHAIRMAN : They are liquor dealers. The CHIEF CONSTABLE Toey are provision dealers as well. Dr Fox: I think they are rightly described on the sheet as off-licence holders. The CLERIC: Taey are described in pursuance of the Act. The CHAIRMAN: I thought the matter worth while mentioning. If they ere merely liquor dealers they ought to be described as such and not . . .

_

===== 0002601_19010823_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr Fox: Well that will be an additional drinking room.

Mr BROWNE : Yes, if you like Ca call the club room a drinking room. The CHIEF C3NSTABLE : I think they are a useful adjunct to a house. Councillor Pegarom : There are wet clubs and dry clubs? (Laughter.) The CHIEF CONSTABLE: TOOPO are sir; at least I ILITI told so. (Laughter.) Councillor PIERPOINT : Are 7ou willing to abolish this rolling way on the footpath ? Cluncillor SMETHURST They are very objectionable. Mr DOWN: If the :jorporation are willing to give up the rates for it we will agree to the proposal. The CHAIRMAN : We have nothing to do with that. You must look after your own aerangements. Mr Gown" : I nbjsct to this application. The Cern : You cannot object to an alteration of premises. The CHAIRMAN : It is not a new licence. Me Gotrain : I Say it is unfair to the inhabitants. The CHIEF CONSTABLE: silence ire court ; you are out of order. Dr Fox : We leave heard him.

Mr Gonan : No notice has been given in this case. Councillo, PIERPOINT nave you finished Mr Gough ? Mr Gouou : I haven't finished. I say there is no need for this new place. There is not the least evi- dence of any wed of it. The Bench then retired to consider their decision.

On returning into court the CELLIGIML; said the de- cision of the magistrates was that the application should be adjourned until the 27th of September when the adjourned licensing sessions would be held. There were a few things that wanted looking at. Councillor PIERPOINT : YMI will then be able to pro- duce amended plans with reference to the rolling way. The CHIUMILII 7 I don't think there will be any great difficulty

"THE GREEN MAN" APPLICATION. MR. BROWNE AND LOCAL OPTION. "Mr BROWNE applied on behalf of MrlßenjaminiKenyon for a full ale-house licence for the " Green Man " Inn. Green-street. He said that as their worships would know, the application had been made annually for a considerable nurnber of years, but fresh facts had arisen and the population had increased to such an extent that he thought it was only fair and reasonable that Mr Kenyon should have the opportunity of again renewing the appq•ation. Take the facts tweoty years ago.— The CHAIRMAN : We will have fresh facts. We have had those before. Mr BROWNE : 'There are fresh members of the Corn- mittea. Continuing, he said that twenty years ago there were the "Ship Inn" and the "Bowling Green" Inn where spirits could be obtained, and the " Green Man" where beer only was sold. At :hat time there would not b 3 above two hundred houses in the neighbourhood. New there were something like 1,150 houses, with a population of 5,601 Theinearest places where spirits could be obtained were the" Bowling Green "lan in one direction and the'' Imperial " Hotel in the other. Toe distance to the latter place was about three quarters of a mile. In Om neighbourhood of Mill-lane there was no place at all where spirits were sold. The population now was at least 4,000 more than it was twenty years ago and yet there were only the" Bowling Green " and Imperial Hotel where spirits were sold. The radius .of 440 yards from the " Green Man " included Mews Crosfield's and Whitecroes works, and the only other beerhouse was the" Railway Inn." Mr BIRCEALL : That is vary near. We sometimes find it too near.

tlia-OW-N-E--:" They do not sell spirits there. Con- tinuing, he submitted that a full licence was required, and if local option wEre only in operation there was not a shadow of a doubt but that it would be granted. The Camestew : Do you go in for local option ? Mr Beowrig : I am in faysur of it because more licences would be granted. The CRIER CONSTABLB objected to the application, although he was of the opinion that if the licence were granted they could not have anyone more worthy of holding it than Mr Kenyon. He proceeded to present the facts RECutairied by the police. There were three alehouses within a radius of 400 yards, one beer house, and nine off licences, making a total of 13. The nearest was the " Bowling Green "lan which was 130 yards distant. The number of inhabited houses within the same radius was 1,130 with a population of 5,650. Mr Gouou opposed the application and said he thought It would be a gross mistake to grant the licence. No further evidence than that offered last year had been adduced. He proceeded to refer to the " precedent set by the Peel Com mission '' and said that in Liverpool alone there had been 64 objections to existiog licences. The CLERK: Confine yourself to the application.

blr Gomm : and quoting prec3 (leas. The Court Out to be ruled by theso things Dr Fox. We don't want to be kept here all day. _ .

===== 0002601_19010823_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr Gocon contended that the licence was not required and also stated that he did not think there was suffi- cient accommodation in the house- lie objected to in- creasing the iacilitlea for drink, and if they granted fresh I.cences they would require increased police supervision. Councillor PIERPOINT: You a re trying to teach us our duty. I know mine well enough. Mr Gorton concluded by saying that there were plenty of licences to meet the requirements of the neigh- bourhool.

Mr Jost; DRURY said he had a stro rig objection to the granting of the licence. He lived in the neighbourhood many yeirs ago and he often visited it now. He thought the facilities were quite sufficient for the area. Mr Cm FEE also submitted that there was no fresh evidence before the Court. List y ear it was argued chat if Mr Kenyon got the hceacs it was simply to enrich his pocket. Mr BaoWNE: I never argued anything of the kind. Continuing Mr CuEra said he was sorry he had not given notice to object ro the renewal of existing licences He could have pointed out" very important questions" with rezard to the polica supervision of tho "Cattle Market '' and other Inns. The MAGISTRATES reserved their decision until after they had heard the second application.

APPLICATION FOR AN OFF-LICENCE IN MARSH- EIOUSELANE. THE DISADVANTAGES SUFFERED BY THE WORKINGMAN, Mr BROWNE now made application on behalf of William Wych,6B,MarshHouse-lane for a beer off-licence. He said that an application was made last year but the foil facts were not laid before them. On that occasion there was an opposition, which did not appear to-day because one gentleman who was supposed to be oh jecting to it last year never gave any instructions at all to that effect. He had told his (Mr Browne's) client that he never gave any instructions, and knew nothing about the oppasition. That was the way they got opposition to licences. The neighbourhood for which the licence was required was increasing by leaps and bmcds. Since the last application nearly forty new houses bad been built and occupied oppo- site to Mr Wych's shop. During the last tws years the whole of Elaine-street bad been built, and cmtained from 80 to 100 houses. The nearest pubic house was the Cemetery Inn. Last year it was said that the people could go across the field to another public-house in Man chester-road,but it was then pointed out that if they did they were trespaS sing. Now however, they csuld not go across because it had been , built upon. There was no opposition to the granting of the licence from the neighbourhood itself. It was a neighbourhood of respectable houses occupied by work- ingmen. Oa the last occasion it was stated that the I application was made for Messrs Walker's benefit. I His client said there was absolutely no truth in it, and to prove that, he had dis.ociated himself from the solicitors of Messrs Walker and instructed him (Mr Browne) to make the applica- tion. He was not going to tie himself in any way and whatever conditions the bench might lay down in grant- ing the vrtificate would be faithfully carried out. He invited the magistrates to visit the neighbourhood. He was there on the previous day and was astounded to see the number of bailees which had been built. Within 400 yards of the shop 400 new houses had been built within the last three years. Toe Cemetery Inn was at least ten minutes walk, and in the otherrdirection the Albion Hotel, Battersby-lane, was fourteen or fifteen minutes walking distance. If a man waste I his dinner beer, the legislature in its supreme wisdom had forbidden him to send his children for it. He bad to walk about a quarter of an bour to get home from work, and then it he went to a public- house for the beer, this occupied another twenty four minutes.

Tie CHIEF CONSTABLE informed the lisonti that the Cemetery Inn we the only lieetissd house within the radius of 409 yards. The number of inhabited houses was 450 with a population of 2,253. There was no offs licensed place within the radius. He lived in the neigh- b ,urhond himself but he never heard anyone complain of haying to go to far for beer.

- Mr. Br-small. There is considerable feeling in the country against the granting of off-licences. Women have often been led into mischief by it. WILLIAM WYCH, the applicant, then gave evidence, bearing out Mr. Browne's statement. He said he had been employed at Messrs. }glands' works for 3? yesrs and had lived in the neighbovhobd 20 years. He had made inquiries and found there was no opposition at all in the neighbourhood to the granting of the licence. The CHIEF CONSTABLE f suppose you would be aware that any agreement which you entered into as to con- ditions of sale would be null and void. Mr. Bnowsg : If he did not carry out the conditions the Bench would be justified in refusing to renew the licence.

_ The CHIEF CONSTABLE : It would not be a valid agree- ment. How many people have advised you to apply for the lic.nce?

APPLICANT : I could mention fifty. Mr Gonow : If you get the licence won't it be like putting £2.000 in your pocket ? APPLICANT • No . .

Mr 431070 ff : Don't you ka3w it will increase the value nf the house ? The CLERK : That is a well knows fact. APPLICANT : I would not sell it to any brewer.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
I tiro 74

Mr Goomit : Is it more than five minutes walk to the Cemetery Inn ?

APPLIf-IiANT : I call it ten minutes. Mr Gonna : You know they are m tkinir the " Mug and Queen " Inn twice as large as it was ? Dr 11,x : That is outside the area. Mr CLIFFS : Havea't you got an " inwardly inten- tion " to sell the licence and maks £2,000 out of it ? APPLICANT : No.

_ WALTER BARTLEY, 32, Elaine-street and RosanT TILLING 99, Marshhouse Lane gave evidence in Support of the application. A 3 the latter witness entered the box one of the magistrates was heard to remark that the witnesses were the same men as those called last year. Mr BROWNE : If these remarks are being passed by the Bench--

The CHAIEMAN : Proceed, Mr Browne. Mr BROWN& : The remarks are by magistrates not on the Comnsi:tee.

There were other witnesses in sappor; of the applica- tion but it was not deemed necessary to call them. Ml' BROWNE strongly pressed the request that the magistrates should visit the neighbourhood and "see the disadvantages to which the work people were put in not being able te get beer." The invitation was declined.

Mr DRURY opposed the application and said there were people living in Elaine-street, including members of his own family, who had gone there to get away from the "din and drink," They would be in as bad a position there as any where else if they kept getting licenses.

Mr Gorrae wished to speak aud was told by Dr Fos to "keep to facts and not lecture them." Mr GOUGH said that very little evidence had been given to show that the licence was reqsired. In every part of the country the magistrates had recently been reducing the number of licences.

The CHAIRMAN : We are quite aware of that and recogniz3 the importance of toe Putject. THE DECISION. The magistrates retired to consider their decision and on their return the CHAIRMAN said they had unanimously decided to refuse both applications. There was a strong feeling that out-Joor licences led to increased drinking amongst women.

ThE ADJOURNED LICENSING SESSIONS. The CLERK intirn‘ted that the adjonrned Lteensing Seseinna will be held at Warringtea oh Friday, Septem- ber 27z13.

PRESCOT. Huyton Application. Refused for the Twelfth Time.

At Prescot Licensing Sessions, on Wednesday, an applicatioa was made for a full licence in respect of pre- mises known as the Carters' Arms, Huyton, this being the twelfth time this application had been brought for- ward,—Mr J W Knowles, Widnes, appeared f3r Josep'l Fryer, the applicant, and Mr Humphrey Nelson, barris- ter, Liverpool,opposed on'behalf of the vicars of Huyton and Roby and residents of the district.

, several witnesses were called by Mr Knowles to state that in their opinion the licence was necessary. In his remarks to the magistrates, Mr Nelson that the first application in respect of the Carters' Arms was made in 1892. In the following year the magistrates , were confronted with the fact that the house was com- plete, hut on that cccasion and every year since the bench had refused the application. It seemed that Messrs Burton, Bell, and Co., the owners, wished to make the best of a bed bargain. Such perseverance, be thought. was worthy of a better cause. It was undesirable that tied houses should be encouraged, and it was also an insult to the magistrates, seeing that the circumstances were so different from these of last year, that the ap- plication should Ise made again. The magistrates unanimously refused the licence. An application for an off beer licence was then made, this also being refused. Mr C W Swift,representing Messrs Greenall, Whitley, and Co.,applied for the sanction of the magistrates to alterations they proposed to make to the Black Horse beerhouse, Warrington-road, Rainhill. Ile explained that if the alterations were made the drinking accommo- dation would be lessened, and no more ground would be taken up than was at present occupied..— Ile matter was adjourned,the bench being of opinion that if Messrs Greenall,Whitley,and Co. obtained permission to moder- nise this old house they ought to give up the licence of some other old house.

G. G. Hemingway, chemist, of Eccleston-street, Prescot, and the holder of wholesale spirit and beer licences, applied for additional similar licences in order that he might be enabled to sell in smaller quantities.— He was granted such licences for wines and spirits, but not for beer.

__.---- - Superintendent /Ss xendale reported that in the Prescot part of the division there were 49 licensed victuallers,26 beersellers, and 6 persons holding other licences, the population (19,197) thus giving 234 people to each licence. During the year 3 licensed victuallers had been proceeded against, 1 being ordered to pay costs, while the other cases had been dismissed. For permitting drunkenness one beersellor had been fined 403 and costs. There was an increase of 43 in the number of persons proceeded against for.dronkenness. . . .

- Superintendent Keigtiley's report stated that in the Widnes police division there were 110 licensed houses No licensed person had been proceeded against during the year, and the houses bad been well conducted. The number of persons proceeded against foe offences against the licensing Acts had been 658, against 672 in the previous year, a decrease of 11. There was an average of 292 persons to each licensed house. There was no application for new licences.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN DISTRICT SCHOOL.

Reports of H.M. Inspectors.

Dr Arthur Handyside, hon treasurer and correspon- dent, has received the following reports from the Board of Education on the secular work of the school for the year 'ended 31A May, 1901. MIXED DEPARTMENT Though changes in the staff have occurred during the year, the discipline and in- struction ,continue strong and the school shows a very satisfactory record of work." 1 INFANT DEPARTMENT 'this school continues to be conducted with excellent results as to both discipline and instruction."

PUPIL TEACTIER3 : John C Rawlings, Selina Moly- neux, Lucy Wakehan, Ethel Bateman, and Alice Green were placed in the first class, and hfab.l Jones in the second, whilst Florence Kenning and Florence Sutton successfully passed the examination for admission as pupil teachers. Reports of the Diocesan Inspector.

The Rev. T. R. Matthews, chairman of the Committee of Manageniient, has received the following reports on Relgious InFtruction given in the school : MixED Scnoor. :—" rho school has been examined after a year's work of much more than ordinary difficulty owing to the changes of the staff and the unavoidably broken instruction which resulted therefrom. The results shew that the strain has been borne in an alto- getheradmirable manner and by skilful organisation the school has suffared far less than might have been expected. Ira Group I. one hundred and fiftv-three children were presented—almost exactly one-third of the total number and an unusually large percentage to be in so high standards. Here the work shows advance on what ;sag found a year ago ; the instruction given has been clear and precise, and the children answered with equal accuracy and intelligence. Out of the rest of the school, Ft mdard fit., which formed Group 111., and included 91 cuildren, deserves special commendation. It is an admirably taught class, full of knowledge and power to apply it and manifesting much eagerness and receptivity. Not only was the syllabus itself well known but much know- ledge was shown outside the specified limits. In the re- maining groups the syllabus has been drawn up with much care and thought and very good work has been presented tor examination. Speaking as a #hole, the difficulties cf the past year have only shewn in a more striking manner the solidity of the basis on which the excellent results of this school are habitually built up." INrANT ScriOoL :—" The opening service with which the examination commenced was an indication, in its reverence and fulness of the completeness of the Religious Instruction given in the school. Group I. This is a particulerly well taught class, one which the thoughtful answers given made it a pleasure to examine. Old and New Testament narratives have been admirably illustrated frcm the Bible text and the teaching has been such that the children can readily adapt the knowledge they have acquired from their lessons to the receiving of new im- pre•sions in which they can discriminate between right and wrong. Group ll.—flere the work rises to a point of merit beyond that of children of similar age in most schools. Toe lessons are given not simply to inculcate facts but to instil lessons helpful to the little ones in their daily lives. Group lll.—This class consists of the babies. They can answer questions and repeat com- mandments and passages with an intelligence far in advance of their years. Thee have been manifestly taught with much sympathy and capital methods have been adopted." NEW DEPARTCrRE: The boys attending the schools are adopting a distinctive School Cap, with Fladee. It is hoped this will tend to cultivate Esprit de Corps amongst the lads and be otherwise beneficiA in still fur - ther raising the tone of the School. The girls will be at liberty to wear the badge as well.

===== 0002601_19010823_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIERY DISPUTE AT IIAYDOCK.

The dispute at the Ifaydock collieries has at last been settled, this being the result of conferences between Mr Kellett and Mr George. representing Messrs Evans and Company, Limited, and Mr Sam Woods and Nt T Glover. acting on behalf of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation. The firm have revised the field price list for the nine feet and the five feet mine at Golborne, and agreed t 3 allow the daywagemen free explosives,

_

riots. FRIARS' GREBE, Warringtoe Opt. 'site Arpley - Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essentegb a" Se T. WARD AND Co

MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, „ MARBLE MASON 00-'S. gt Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Morigm,„entte'.. Totnta Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. a LETTER CUTTING. AND CLHANING ERISYIN MONUMIINTS A SPECIALITY. mos • Warrington.—Printed. and Published by Jog/ Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works,' Street, and publinhedl by them at the same PLBcloos also at the The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road." _street 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3, mvott wan BARLZSTOWN,-itt the County or Lancaster and al•r)13 1901 It. Ru'scowl ,in the County of Chester. AC"I"73T "44 r,

- _

===== 0002601_19010823_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
tOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL WARRINGTON. THE REV. H. G. ROBERTS, M.A., WILL PREACH • FAREWELL SERMON, AT 6.30. SPECIAL MUSIC. BoLoier : MR. LEVI RICHARDSON. ANTHEMS :—"RO SHADOWS YONDBR."—Ga:d. 'HOW LOVELY ARE THE MESSENGERS."—M.

PRESTON BROOK WESLEYAN CHAPEL NBW SUNDAY SCHOOL and CLASS ROOMS. Opening Ceremony at 3.15. "•••• On WRDNRSDAY. AUGUST 48th, 1901, by MRS. R. H. POSNRTT. ~_Sermon at 330 by the REV. T. J. CHOATH (Chairman of Liverpool District ) TEA at 6, in the School-room. Tickets sixpence each. ...PUBLIC MEWLING at 6. Addresses by the Rev, T. J. ulloate, Mr. R. H. Posnett, J.P., Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., and the Circuit Ministers. Collections for the Building Fund. Boat will leave the Wharf, High-street, at 1.30, prompt. 44tura fare—ls.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS . AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THATIITHEY HAVE OPENED RA BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT tIN QUEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GLSFITTING. ttc. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Dim WORKMANSHIP. REASMIABLE PRICES. Aararreiros "IWELSBACEI "INCANDESCENT LIGF HTS. }ESTIMATES ME.

T. CLARICK, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. 33 MARKRI BTFIEET. BARLBSTOWN. IS NOW SHOWING A LARGE NUMBER OF BOOKS BY VARIOUS AUTHORS. REMARKABLY CHEAP. SEE WINDOWS. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. CUES HIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. The Technical Instruction Committee offers for com- petition a number of SchOlarehipe for instruction and r4ctice in Dairy Work, and tenable at the Dairy blititute, Worleston for 12 weeks commencing Septem- '„e 23rd. Forms of application can now is obtained the Organizing Secretary's Office, Crewe. En. P. WARD, Organising Secretary. .eLIL OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMER (Sundays excepted). 6/6 DAY EXCUIWO S. 6/6 PROM LIVERPOOL. FROM DOUGLAS. DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE. (Sundays excepted). p‘ily. 10.30 am and 2pm Daily 9am and 4pm 8 4ays spm and Saturdays Mondays 1.2.30 am(Sun.night) 44 & 12 30 night "Empress Queen" from Liverpool 10.30 am and from Douglas 4 p m, DAY EXCURSIONS DAILY. ijrons Manchester—Fore Cabin. 6s 6d; Saloon. 8s 6d. ..,,vunitsiorL..elvicipotiylust 10.30 am 1 From Douglas 4pm 2 pm 1 Liverpool due ab0ut...7.45 pm (10 hours) or SUNDAY (19 hours) IN DOUGLAS. Tickets at Day Excursions Fares are issued by Saturday midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight ; also Friday midnights, to return Saturday. 4 D ra. Fleetwood Warrington Train departs 11.44 am. Passengers can break the journey at Blackpool. LivggPooL To RAMEY. via Douglas,l every weekday tzp_epting Saturdays at 2 p.m. rx it tra steamer, Fleetwood to Douglas every Saturday 4,150 noon. ets_r.cF:rwOOD TO RAMSEY, via Douglas. every weekaay, Saturdays same tim,.s as Fleetwood to,Douglas. GLASGOW EXHIBITION. Cheap Day Excursions from Douglas. tosifllustrated programme of Excursions to Glasgow. Dublin 4, Belfast, free, postage id. Swan and Leach; Cook and Ton ; Dean and Dawson. Gaze and Sons. and Polytechnic nrs Offices. Contract Tickets from £2 2s. Kleengera, their Luggage, Live Stock, and Goods con- -3toYael subject only to the conditions of carriage of the rall""13, as exhibited in their offices and on board their --earners: OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD.. DOUGLAS

"IT'S THE SUN THAT BRINGS TILES' OUT," And the splendid value ARTHUR EVANS is giving In Gent's Boots Induces them to dive Into 5, LONDON-ROAD. fLIVERPOOL and make their feet look respectable.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound BNGLISH LEVRR on the Market. Prescot PietOry 20 YEARS' Guwantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from a 12s 6d. Liverpool Agent R RUBES, 15 & 16. ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHASI WATCHRS in Gold, Silver and Gold•filled at Lowest Prices Current.

• LIVERPOOL & NORTH WALES. REGULAR DAILY MORNING SAILINGS B.s. . (Sundays included). 'ST TUDNO," daily, from Prince's Landing stage, at 10 45 a IH, forLlandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, allowing about four hours ashore at:Llandudno, and duet back abcut 7 30 p.m (Low Fares). INCREASED WEEK-END RAILINGS. Clananars TO 24TH AUGUST—I. our Battings to Llandudno, 10 o:a.m.. 11 0 a.m., 1.30 pm. and 30 p.m. To Menai Straits. 11 0 a.m. and, 1.30 p.m. UNDAire.—Three Sailing. to Llandudno and Menai Straits, 10 40 am, 11 10 am. and 2 45 pm. y Boa Earl from North Wales on Mondays. due Liverpool at 10 15 a.rn„ returning at 2 15 p.m. to above places. Fam Fares and all further particulars apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company. Limited, T G Brew, _ Secretary. 20. Water-street. Liverpool. WHITE STAR LINE \ ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. , f LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Q ueenstown. WF ,DNESDAY SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. aßsTic Wed., Aug. 28 CELTIC Fri., Aug. 30 "NW Wed., Sep, 4 I CYMRIC .......Fri., Sept. 13 bUTomo... Wed , Sep. 11 CSLTIC ri., Oct. 4 , 'RMANIC Wed., Sep. 18 I CYMRIC Fri.. Oct. 18 thThird Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of rge to NeW York Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. tri,DIV to IFMAY. IMRIE. and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspue and 34, Leadenhall Street. London. THROUGH LA.KE-LAND TO THE • ISLE OF MAN. - Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS— at 2.15 p m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8.30 a.m. 111.1tAII1 in connection with steamer lea7es Warrington via Plon at 1155 am. Special. "ilsio return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s Od Trains run Third class and Saloon lsa 6.1 alongsidesteamers zoThircl class and Fore Oabin.ll. 6d 1 fet, RCIAL NOTICE,— CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available A R°lllg via Borrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- , ,',12 at. vice versa, can now be obtalnaa at following First-class and Saloon ............. .....I9s 6d. Third-class and Saloon .................. 14s Od 1., Third-class and Fore Cabin ............. 10s Od 'L e RIR [WV may be broken at Grange, Ulverston' (for the • k ") Farness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. , tiro,"e Magnificent new express steamer •' DUCHESS OF t • ONSHIRE "is now on the service. JAMBS LITTLE & CO.. Barrow.

HARIOP BRO. AND COMPANY. PEWTEEERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22. BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices rolled by many- MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. Cl MACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTE A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, CRURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, BrIONDAYB, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT BUSS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6.

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES ! ! CAR RIDGES ! I ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALMS TITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DIY. ORE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLIsTirs CARTRIDGES, BY • MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAM N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, W ARRIN GTON. (FOR UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH SKELTON'S, LTD.

WONDERFUL WATCH." 508. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SlLVisil ENdLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASIIi, well finished and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. 0 FOR FIFTIL SHILLINGS. This watch is timel the minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATWI that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPUTITLON t A Bona- fide Written Guarautee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be bad in ALL BIZ hiS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANOH AND CO., ws tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

A. AND J. 11,LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF GENUINE JEWELLERY SILVER PLATE Arc. ALWAYS ON SALE. SPECIAL VALUE IN DIAMOND JEWELLERY. Several tine quality Secondhaed SINGLE STONE DIAMOND RINGS, 18ct. Gold, 325. 6d., £4 Es. 6d„ £6 17s, 6d., £2 ICs. Ac. A very choice large size Single Stone DIAMOND RING, £l4 10s, written guarantee to lend £ll on this ring at any time. Lowest prices in Liverpool for 9ct.,15ct., and 18st.. GOLD CHAINS, all Chains Government Stamped and Solid Gold A WRITTEN GUARANTEE given with every article of Jewellery Sold, as to the amount we will lend on in pledge. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS. !sc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND SfREET, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN ENISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STR EET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH, POLISHERS, STAINE RS, & VARNISHERS, OABINBT MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN BMSON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS —l9, THYNNE-STREBT.

"11QEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 1.) " OH, IMS I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIAL/ST, T. S. BROWN, 3. LBEOR-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU."

ARTIFICIAL TERM. MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE. EBONITE, tto, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. J. HIGHAM ATTENDS AT MRS. BAIRD 17, LEGH-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WIIDDIRSDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO S. OXFORD-STREET, ST. RUMS.

‘,ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Every workman should have on of IliteUß'S cele- brated 45. 6d. Berge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BTROM-STBZET, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. Eid. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

EADES GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURB GOUT. " Since taking your 'pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,B. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB RHEUMATISM. Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Effort 53, New Lloyd-street, Rirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 68, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S eour PILLS CURB SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."-11 J Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace, Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. " was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeda. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE HEAD. •• I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, EADES GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. "The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE LIMBS. "I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EIDE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford-street, Coalville East, Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOUI' PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; If that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alf red Hague, Butcher, Stooksbridge, Deepear. EADE'A GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. Id., or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road. London.

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLB.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss 54; Hooks to gut. 6dland 84 per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to is 6d per dozen ; gut Casts, three yards aid, 44, 64 and 94 each; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached one yard 24 two yards 44,three yards 64; Yloats,two for Id; procupines id each; gentles in stock at 33, 64 and is per ber. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARRET-PLACH. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

GLASGOW EXHIBITION. LA NGLANDS' SAILINGS. • To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW.' " PRINCESS LOUISE " on OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Mon. Aug 26th 8.30 pm. Wed. Aug 28th 2 p m.. 10 43 p.m, Fri. Aug 30th 10.30p.m. Tues. Sep. 3rd 2 p.m. *7.5 p.m. Thur Sep. 502 3 p.m. Sat. Sep. 7th 2 p.m. *10.40 p.m. *Trains from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central.) ORDINARY FARES :—Cabin, Single. lie. ; Return (valid for two months), 16s. 6d. Steerage, Single, be. 6d. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, including admission to the Exhibition (valid for 10 days), Cabin, 14s. ; Steerage, Is, 3d. WEEK END (Friday till Monday or Saturday till Tuesday). Cabin, 12s. : Steerage, 7s. M, LANGLANDS AND SOBS, 10, RUMFORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL,

A Wist 3 MAN BUYS WHEN A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH BROb. & CASH BARGAIN SALE. 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GENERAL AND, FURNISHING IRONBIONGERY. GRATES. MANTELS, RANGES. GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, TENTS, TENNIS. CROQUET, Ac., Ac. HAMMOCKS. 20 and 22, OLD bIILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891. (Removing to Deansgate shortly.)

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EVIPLOYE RS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' • ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. I Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE : 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington ..................... Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate , Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Bandbach .................... Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth .... J. HOLLAND WATSON,Moerlield House 55jUoWYV b Lureb eita.do rum. Sv Welch. 'continues 1 i RS apnr edo-aclr utl, t :et; et:: a the Widow Medicine ro m the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. PH/RIMS/1 should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be care: al that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Srnithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outpide label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS ct SON 17. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul s. ILondon, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold i Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most Chemists ,ZUN INSURANCE OFFICE L) FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1900 EXCEEDED £450,000,000, ----- For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WAKRIBUTON ...... Messrs. J. R. Pickmere Sc Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods & Son. Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank-street.

OUR NEWLY IMPROVED INVENTION FOR PREVENTING SHIP CANAL LOOK-GATE DIS- ASTERS WILL Be om SALE 18T SEPTEM BEE. RALPH & JOHN BURROWS, GRAPPENHALL. WARRINGTON.

IL HOLLINGWORTH AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAN EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams HoLLINGWoRTH, Latchford."

A. G-. WRAGG, 68 .170, WAvERTEBB-RoAD, EDO-SHILL. LIVERPOOL• HOUSE FURNISHER. DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE. EBDSTEAJS, PIANOFORTES, &c. Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furnituro. &c. b 216 16/—rirlat kciParsULitontnimna;:ruliuro'n"f°radmr,Patent check action, braes pinplate, inlaid marqueterie panel sconces, equal to new ; cost 33 guineas ; full compass. A. bargain seloom to be met with. Removed from West Kirby. Tuned and delivered free. WRAG. , G 70 WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 38/6—pweiTeNetril. a nladr eMs/Si .zNe G p InGch rtillitercell(elyNet: more warranted) ; only 20 left ous of 50. 15s less than ordinary price. Delivered free, £5 5/—SUITE complete, comprising couch, pair easy,' and four small chairs, upholstered in Crockett's leather cloth. A genuine bargain. Carriage paid to any address WRAGG, 70, WAVERTRRE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

_ 12/11-BliDalNelDs, 4tt 6in by 6ft 6in only 40 aets. Send at once for them. Cannot do them again at the price. In perfect condition. Guaranteed not faulty. WRAGG. 70. WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. P/—Pair DRESSING TABLES, in solid walnut P.)!cS (veneered), dressing tables fitted with large and small drawers, side mirrors, bevelled dressing glass ; washstand with marble slab, pedestal. tile back ; and towel rail. A bargain.

16/fp—r4atiogauy Duct:lssas TABLIii, very mas- t) sive, with bevelled silvered swing mirror, supported by fur drawers and carved supports, shaped front. Washstand, marble slab, with shaped back and carved supports. A bargain.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, . WHERE? LA.NCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN ? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

10/6 Itc.l..,:gtVlTetlltintteislry3. and Pry edtsi e• well worth 21s. each. We have only ten. First come first art; mGoeuorataLianagefaorrrdy ; served. Packed and delivered free. BS works( woot £lO 10/_lNlCyTtayaße m massive English gold frames ; cost late owner 10 guinea; each. My price only 6 guinea each. Artist guaranteed. £5 151—rn'e4I,Niri Victoria bmBorl bkvneßesrnsews swell walnut case. Taken in exchange. Cost 12 guineas ; In perfect order. A bargain; call and inspect. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTRBH-ROAD LIVERPOOL. —PIANOFORTH (Cottage), ivory keys rich tone in mahogany case, cost new £35 ; in ROgatititgle perfect conaition. DelivTec:lre:yesnatenri.Btwo7dretedirletieels.acutt 16/6 BdAer.-s: paid to any address;:taiemx:AfeLesbo,aurugupahtno.lsetuet,er n t6lB/6 turiorisdaddvleablangust with first-class velvet borders, consisting of roomy couch, lady's and gent's easy and set of small chairs, equal to new cost 16 guineas. mama. 7J. WAVERTREB ROAD LIVERPOOL. 'k2-16/--;•Handsome Gilt PIS RGLASS, large—size in 10/ perfect condition, British plate, well worth double. From gent's house at Southport.

c 5 I— Magnificent Inlaid walnut UHlFPUtillillA tau. t/ / with marble slab and high back with silvered plate glass, three cupboards with plate glass panel ; genuine bargain. in splendid condition. WRAGO. 70, WAVERTRBR ROAD. LIVRRPOOL. L9l5—Solid Walntit-131W-ROOM SUlTR,comprising / large size wardrobe with side panels (carved) and cdntre door with British bevelled plate glass panel. very roomy; dressing table with four large and two small drawers, swing mirror and side mirrors, fitted with brass handles; washstand, marble slab, with rich Mojolica tiles, and chairs all complete; well worth £l6lOB. Delivered free.

PENDLEBURY AND CO's MAIL CARTS & BASSINETTES ARE THE TALK OF THE TOWN. ANOTHER GRAND SHOW THIS WEEK IN CANE. UPHOLSTERED IN ANY COLOUR. CALL AND SEE THEM. THE PRICE AND QUALITY WILL PLEASE YOU. 12 AND 14, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

£5 5/ —solid Oak 41t SIDEBOARD, with high back supported with massive pillars and brackets, with bevelled plate glass centre, two cupboards and two drawers ; in first class preservation ; genuine bargain ; carriage paid. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREB-ROAn, LIVERPOOL WorallnaurgteOcr.rntiltimT/IsLee. souniat: £8 10/-191tVegre band. sft by 61t high, with numerous brackets, canopy too, bevelled silvered British plates ; cost late owner £l6 105. Delivered free. £1 ii_tylearzrhataenidysodmeceorCatlrik cTidnaSloa lb-FlaeA largeESsizei7 left over from a bankrupt stock. 23 3/—nlveWsasintauntdinSgtaoinne:w3blotaOrKC iwdo X d lt .ra 'i cupboardse and 2 drawers, carved panels ; a bargain. £l4lO/—zte.owndalbo,unt.s B 0 d Celled Aglßals!' be.c-erky massive. suppor- ted with carved pillars, three !cupboards, cellarette, and 3 drawers : cost late owner £25. Carriage paid to any address. £22 10/—PIANOFORTE in walnut case. Iron frame, trichord, check action, 7 octaves. Inlaid marqueterie panel, sconces, sweet tone, by that renowned maker, Broadwood. Wnite and Co., London. This make of pianos I Can strongly recommend, having sold rone some time ago and, unsolicited, I received a testimonial from the buyer. I have several others of different makes in stock, and I am offering this as an inducement to those wishing to buy a sound instrument at a greatly redueeil price, namely, £22 10s ; worth 38 guineas. WRAGR, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

A. kir. WRAGG Will BUY for CASH all kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Posteirds will receive prompt attention. 63 AND 70, WAVERTHEE-ROAD, EDGEHILL. LIVNEPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB ?If OM THE QUARRIES OF THE MILTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIOICERSEAW COAL). lituLD OFFICPE AND WgART : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Brandt Office : Marlton Street, Warrington

FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE. —SPECIAL.---- GUN. double barrel, breeah loading. 12 gauge, central fire, by noted maker, only £2 17e 6d. FISHING RODS, in excellent condition, 6d, 9d, is, Is 6d, 2., 2s 6d, 3s and upwards. ' FISHING REELS, in good conditioa, 6d. 9d, Is, 13 6d and upwards. 1 HARBOUR LINES (strong) from 6d. 1 1 FISH HOOKS in variety. RUBBER TUBING, 3no feet, any length cut, 21 per foot. Lady's Handsome SILVER WATcH, 78 64. SCISSORS and TAILORS. stlEkgs, in good condition, the former for 3d per pair upwards. S UMBRELLAS. real alive, mounted, from 2s 9d each. KNIVES and FORKS (24 pieces), only 35 9d. FIELD and MARINE GLASSE (eight lenses), powerful, only Se 61. WEDDING RIN as, Government stamped, from 3s 6d each upwards. HUGHES BROTHERS'. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTNIER3, AND ri OOL MERciiIANTs• 116 to 720, BROWNLOVV-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5,171.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, AR the advantages of co- operation may be secured without trouble 13/ customers dealing With BOOTS, the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS. who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal tu an immediate dividend of to per cent, on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES. EACH BRANCH IS LINDER THE MANAGEMENT UF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. • BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGR-STREET W IRRINGT ON, 6. BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT 6, ORSISKIRK-STREET, ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREET. RUNCORN, I 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE - The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pub Es. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists. in Can!stet 54.. 104., and Is. 84. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

H G. DOWLING, 1.1.• ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD.STREET, WARRINGTON. private Address ; 21. Ellesmere.road, Stockton Heath.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWEBY-STRIIRT, WARRINGTON Repalre to Property punetually(attended to.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS I 1 THE LATEST ROVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRESS/ell LADIES' ac GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS aarD SUNSHADES 11111..OVERED Is Kam AN 801711 FROM Se. OD. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value In the town or district. Bold by weight from SBITIIN SHILLINGS AND SIXPRNOR to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each put. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 4.3, Sankey-street. Warrington, Rstabllshed 1884.

TOBACCO, CIGAR CIttARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, BWAN-ETREBT, MANCHESTER Established Mears

Re CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONB BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WAIERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUCCESSFUL OPENING! THE PEOPLE LIKE OUR GOODS !! CLOTHING FOR ALL AGES BY BEST MAKERS. BOY'S NORFOLK SUITS, 43. 11D. TO 21s. SAILOR SUITS, 2s. 6D., TO 15s. 6D. MEN'S SMART JACKETS &ND 'VESTS FROM 95. 6. "HARD-WEAR" TWEED SUITS TO MEASURE, 295. 6D. GIVE US A CALL, AND COMPARE BEFORE BUYING ELSEWHERE. WILLIAM THOMAS, 57, HORSEMA.RKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (lIT ALL THE LEIDDM MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PEE CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old fold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Mousy advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. MEN'S SUMMER SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. YOUTHS' SUMMER S UITS STYLISH AND WELL CUT. BOYS' SUMMER SUITS LATEST 1901. SPECIAL DESIGNS. ALL, GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. ALL PRICES FIXED ON FIRST COST. Hi YOU THINS THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN, JUST PAY A VISIT TO THE M.C.D. 8, AND 10, HORSENIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. THE NOVELTIES IN CLOTHING THEY ARE SHOWING WILL ASTONISH YOU. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, 110 RSEHARBET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THREE ESSENTIAL THINGS. TO SECURE WHEN FURNISHING. VALUE. STYLE. QUALITY. ALL THREE CAN BR HAD PIONEER, COMPLETE FURNISHING- AT THE STORES. • TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FREE DELIVERY. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERTOOL. maul NEARER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ie. Terms Moderate. A FUN COLLECTION OP PROLOGEAPES tor Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. 1,6 (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WTT.II LIP. " ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE!! TO BB HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. 4.

Jilted his trail body over the low wall above tne river and Plunged with him int() the river below. 'The Water Ills 'deep with the first rainfalls' of • autumn. They sunk together like stones. In the mornibg their bodies were found half a mile lower down the torrent; the hands of Nerina were close la;ked• round the old inan's shoulders, her teeth were fastened in his throat. rtilt END.I • OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. The meeting of this Society on Sunday afternoon was presided over by Mr David Owen, in the absence of Councillor William Roberts. The speaker for the occa- sion was Mr William Silcock, who gave an excellent and much-appreciated address on " The Man in the Street." Mr REI Pearson contributed a violin solo with his accustomed ability. The service was also taken part in by Mr Farrar (hon. secretary) and Mr Joseph Hawthorn. Bold-street Wesleyan Church. The preacher at the above place of 'worship on Sun- day morning was the Rev T Bishop, whilst in the arm- ing the Rev C Ell Hocken occuoieu the pulpit. At the latter service the choir rendered the anthem " My sant cloth magnify the 1,,rd." Tt.e collections were on behalf of the Kingswo:d Schools for ministers' sons.

NEW INVENTIONS—List of new invcntions by John G Wdson and Co., Fels Inst P.A. 55 Markst-street, Man- chester ;—II B Stocks, Manchester, improvements in or relating to economisers for steam generators ; W Good- brand, Mancbester. improvements in two speed driving gear for bicycles ; J Dunlop, Manchestcr, improvements In inte•ual combustion motors ; E Wege, Manchester, improved manufacture of vulcanised lacquers and varnishes ; C E G Oliver, Manchest, r, self-filling ad emptying tub ; A R Bellamy, Manchester,improvetnents in gas and other explosive vapour motors; J B Swallow, Manchester, an improved window cleaning seat; A I/ McCollum, Manchester, certain improvements in the manufacture of pile fabrics and in looms or machinery therefor; J H F Bale, Manchester, improvements in wheel guards for electrically or mechanically propelled tramway vehicles; W Clayton, Manchester, improve- ments in trolleys for electric care; A J F Schacksommer, Manchesti r, improvements in Ng( aring apparel; P Kratz. Manchester, improvements in apparitus for making games.

nOUGLAS ISLE OF MAN, LINDSAY'S BOARDING RSTABLISICUBST, Bmpress Drive, Central Promen- ade,and close to all places of amusement. Trams pass. Full board be. per day. Allowance dining out.

DOUGLAS, DOVER HOUSE, MONA DRIVH, Central Promenade, close to places of Amusement and Bathing Grounds,. Trams pass door. Terms/ Ss to 6s per day.—H. ARENBBERG, Proprietor.

JSLE OF MAN.—When driving to PEEL AND GLEN HELEN, DINE at the GLEN HELEN HOTEL. Three course dinner is 6d ; teas any hour; string band plays while you dine. Full board 6s 6d a day.

DOUGLAS--EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE,Castle Mona, Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; trams pass door ; term s 5s 6d to 61 per day.—Mrs KELLY, Preprietress. DOUGLAS. GREREWOOD BOARDING HOUSE. First house on promenade, unequalled position, facing sea. Visitors will end this house most aomfortable. Very moder- ate terms.—Apply E. WILLLeaIiON, Proprietress. Telegrams 'Gymnasium."

ABERYSTWITH HOTEL WESTMINSTER, high class family and commercial private hotel; central ; H arid C bath ; electric light , cycle stalls ; dark room ; every home comfort ; moderate tariff.—H KENIIICK.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 7 0 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON t QUASH. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Tempe,anoe Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHEPORT.—SUNNYSIDIC HYDRO, Physician Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter tiesidence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day. including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK. Proprietor. PUBLICANS ERQUIRING TMEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 48.53. ESTIMATED FREE •N‘' :STANCE. BAR TABLES. COUNTERS. FITTINGS 10.

HENDRY'S " ROTHESAY " 15 AND 16, LOCH pIiomENADE, DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-HOUSE,- Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from be. per day (inclusive). E. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTUARANT (KEPT ET OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE). SPECIAL TERMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES. 38, CHAPEL-STREET.

"'TENDING VISITORS TO W BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTER'S PIER CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to suit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (Lirge or small) specially catered for. Write at once for Terms.

-- 53partments, jurntObtb 30.--ouisceo Srt QOUlBPOW.t.—tanatiCatratiLss (lucid 1.3 cooking —Mrs. BARNETT, 43. Bath-street.

DLACICPOOL, Comfortable APAHISIHNTS, piano, near 1.1 Central station and lea.—Mrs J. ToMLINBON, Hornby-road. ---- -DLACKPOOL.—HISS SADLER. Albion Houle, 7, Kirkby- road, South bore;ai comfortable apartments; minute from sea.

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Mrs BROCKLEHIIRST : Apartments, k) Public and Private, near station, sea and tram—limn- WOOD VILLA, St David's-road booth. BLACKPOOL.—SuperIor House, with or without board Buffs, Foresters, and all made most we:come.— Send tor circular; PALMER. 93, Albert-road. DOUGLAS, Isle of Man,MRS BA 41FORD, Trafford House, 11, Empress Drive, APAIafdENTS with or without board, near to shore and bathing ground.

LACRPOOL—MRS J RAILToN, 67 Palatine-road. APART- MENTS with or without board. Near Central Station and amusements. Terms moderate. Piano. XTEW BRICHITON.—Mrs DAWSON. Egerton Villa, SO It Egerton-street. Pear Ferry and Promenade; Com- fortable APARTMENTS. Terms moderate. 'OLACKPOOL.—HomeIy ArAttlMlgNl.—Mrs JONAS .11./ MEADOWCROFT, 84, Albert-road, close to all amuse- ments.—Good beds and good cooking, Pianos.

MORECAMBE, E.E.—Desirable APAR rMENTS, delight- ful situatioa, view of bay and mountains. 7 minutes from London and North Western Station.—MlSßEB HALL, 93, Thornton-road.

D HYL (North Wales).—Miles of sound clean sands ; it, finest promenade ; sea-bathing incomparable; music . moderate terms —Lists (penny stamp) SECRETARY. Town Committtee,

DULAMNAR HOUSE, 1, Empress-drive,Central Promen- ade. Dougles. Isle of Man, splendid Sea Views ; Board and Residence from Is to Si 6d per day. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS and private SITTING-ROOMS.—M iss KIRKMAN, Proprietress. °DERN and COMMODIOUS FARMHOUSE from IY.I now to the end of September. 4 sitting-rooms, 4 to 6 bedrooms, with or without attendance. 1 mile from sea beach, house on main road, lovely scenery, quiet, terms left to offer.—MM B JONES, Gldranfryn, Morfa Nevin, North Wales.

MR. TOM. BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR. Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SURZ-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

THE MISSES RIMIER. Sen. Hon. Cert., R.A.m 23. 1. WILSON-PATTEN.STREM SCbOOl will re-open (DV.) SEPTEMBER 12. Fees, Testimonials, etc., on application. At borne from September 9th.

CIVIL SREVICE. ages 15 to 22. Owing to recent ILICCO of sever'.! pupils, Mr. J. W. Mcikvor. Inland Revenue, Warrington has Vacancies for Candidates for Post OlEce, Inland Revenue, Customs, .tc.

A VENUN COTTAGE. WINNINGTON, NORTHWICH. 11 MISSES WADE'S SCHOOL for young Ladies has a vacancy for four Boarders ; every home comfort ; healthy altuntion ;terms moderate ; or comfortable Home for Widow or single Lady.=

Al R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, 111. prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and Harmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. 1100RIS over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARKET-STREET, EarleStOWEL, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

NIISS BERTHA BOUCLIIEIC, A.L.U.M., is prepared to receive PUPILS for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils' residence,or. at Mr Wadsworth's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms, ac, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

W ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10T. The READ MASTER will be at.home to interview parents on SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7th, and MONDAY, SEP- TEMBER 9th. Preparatory Form for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. New Chemical Laboratory, .to. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

MAACHES TER GRA11M.9.16 SCHOOL. -- Fee, R 4 41. per term The NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17th, Entrance Examination, Monday. September 16th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses. forms of application, Az., may be bad at the School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 10s. OD. AND £l5 15s. OD SOLE DISTRICT AGIUSITS HITCHINGS L mITED, 74 BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. DIST.I3 AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

R. A. GITTOES, (LATE OF THE MERSEY CYCLE WORKS) MANUFACTURER OF THE NEW LION /CYCLES, I MANCHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR ALLARD CYCLES. NICKEL PLATING AND ENAMELLING IN ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUMINIUM AND OTHER BRONZES. HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept in Stock. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MAKE OF CYCLE. MACHINES SUPPLIED ON THE GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM.

OLADE AND CO'S., CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR .THE FOLLOWING WORLD RENOWNED MAKES : FRESHER, SINGER. GLORIA, R. AND P., MOHAWK, JAMES. AND GLOBE CYCLES. Price List free on application. Repairs and Sundries Free Wheels fitted. Cycles on hire Telephone 7094.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLE £lO ,10s. £l5 15s. AND £lB 183. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHANI T. BOOTH CYCLE DEPOT ST. HELENS A. H. SMITH, 23, CO EPORATIO N STREET. WIDNES W. HOUGHTON, ST. MICHAELS TERRACE, DITTON. EARLESTOWN F. HOLT WARGRAVE-ROAD LYMBI H. COPELAND, CYCLE DEPOT. LIVERPOOL HITCHINGS LTD, 74. BOLD-ST MANC kiESTER DEPOT 134, DEANSGATE.

fYRES TYRES!? TYRES !! ! DIITACHABLIi HON-SLIPPINO OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beet cover in the trade ; lls 6d each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber Ts each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD CO., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW HILL. LIVERPOOL.

£5, £7, £lO, £3O. MO, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS., WIDNES, FoOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO I:3N LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, 3IERSEY STREET WARRINGTON. DIN ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPAI.E.C. ,TO advance Loans LO respectable householders, shoplm3pers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutnally arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIHINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since IE7O, and has always coadueted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeeived MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANES from those who have dealt with him. For ..,,idtrice, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, in be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter. to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

BY MESSRS. .7-011.1, MALYIVARLYG 4- Co. TO CLOSE A TRUST. VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY AT RAINFORD. NEAR ST. HELENS. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. JOHN MAIBIWARING & CO., at the GOLDEN LION HOTEL, RAINFORD 'VILLAGE. near St. Helens, on TUESDAY, the 3rd day of September, 1901. at 6 o'clock p.m. prompt. Subject to the Public Sale Conditions ot the Incorporated Law Society of Liverpool and the Spesial Conditions to be then and there produced ALL THOSE SEVEN COTTAGES situate at Cheapside, Rainford Village on the main road leading from Ormskirk to Bt. Helens in the reqective occupations of Messrs John Pye, Richard Huyton, Richard Parr. James Taylor. James Birch- all, John Promilow, and Joseph Taylor as tenants. Gross Annual Rental £4B 15s. The tenure is leasehold for 999 years from 2nd July 1866 at the total yearly ground rent of £7 is Bd. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Bridge street. Warrington or to MR. P. R. ROBERTS, Solicitor. Egypt-street Chambers, Warrington.

THOMAS DOMVILLE PAWNBROKER JEWELLER AND CLOTHIER 31A PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY. WARRINGTON. Money LENT on WATCHES. CHAINS, DIAMOND RINGS. JEWELLERY, and all KINDS of FURNITURE. Below is given a few of our special lines in forfeited pledges 2 in Green very Handsome JS. IS. 6D. WORTH ET pattern. PAYMENTS TAKEN. 1 —WORM DOUBLE: A Very HAND- 6S. I.ID. SOME SET of LINKS and b'IUDS, Gold Fronts ; in beautiful Plush Case ; a nice present worth £5; just forfeited a very Handsome lle/S. LADY'S LONG GOLD GUARD no worse than new ; will sacrifice for 65e. COST DOUBLK. Just forfeited a S. D. very neat LADY'S GOLD KEYLESS r 32 6 WATCH. Set stamped case, a perfect 'fimekeeker and a Genuine Bargain. X 2 18s. 6D. 4 WORTH DOUBLE. A very Handsome WALNUT OVERMAN- TEL. A large centre Mirror, Bevel Edge. Surrounded by 9 other pieces. Only wants seeing. PAYMENTS TAKER. 1— Worth Worth double. Just forfeited. A IS. VD. very sere lovable TAPESTRY CARPET, 3yds by 3, in capital condition. A sacrifice. 4 Worth 5 guineas. Just forfeited. A very os. handsome Act. LADY'S GOLD ENGAGEMENT RING, set with diamonds and sapphires o: the finest quality only wants seeing. Payments taken. WORTH DOUBLE. A very Pretty ~j S. S. 6D. Set of JIGS, in Green and Gold. Beauti- fully painted. Centre plece_stands on pedestal. Quite a New DeEign. NOTE THE ADDEESS. 31A., PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL ORDERS. LETTERS ATTENDED PEE RETURN OF POST.

DHESS MAKERS.—Send for samples of the latest Novelty in Waveltedge Velvet Itibbons.-19, HOLBORN VIADUCT, London, E.C. Boom 26. Quote paper. BEE ! I Cricket and Football sets, Cameras. Watches; I. Alberts, Bracelets, for selling 9 pieces of jewellery. Send no money.---SPORTS SYNDICATE, CrOieCaUßeWay, Edin- burgh.

NkITTING. NETTING. Uarden Netting. Cricket Nets. Tennis Nets and tiarne Nets of every description. Themes JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse, 38, CorporPtion-street, Manchester.

1 UST PUBLISHED. What every Wife and Mother should QI know. Plain. Is. 6d. ; coloured, is. 9d. We guarantee genuine edition, Plain Howe Talk " and lists free.—Boot SUPPLY COY., 33, Dalston-lane, London.

TO uONLIIACTOdS, BUl.Luietts and Others. Special Offer of NAVVY and BOX BARROWS. For prices and all further information.—Apply DIE WARRINGTON SLATE CC.. LTD., Builders and Contractors Merchants, 33, Bold Street Warrington. ItHRUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free 01 receipt of post- card. Address :—PnELISHERB, 18, Devonshire-street, All Sainte, Manchester. TINIATURES painted on Ivory. All hand work—no .01 fading—From 21s to 5 guineas framed complete and carriage paid. Send photo and state colour of hair and eyes, and amount willing to be paid—MlSS fdohGax, 92, 94 Liver- pool-road, Patricroft. near Manchester. QUFFRRERS from Nervous Disorders, Impaired Vitality 10 and kindred ailments (either Sex), acquired or constitu- tional. should communicate with experienced Specialist who guarantees rapid and absolute cure in all cases. Address in confidence.—SYLVESTES. Specialist, 175 Blackfriars-road, London, S.E.

TO ER SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure CO, with Machinery aryl 24,423 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J fiOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool.

(LI UN.—Finely finished 12 bore double BRISHCH-LOADER top lever, central fire, left choke, improved extension rib, "nicely adjusted rebounding locks,'' walnut pistol stock, new, good killer, 40s. ; approval.—A. T. JAMEd. 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, London.

RA T POlBON.—Amongst the many preparations now offered for the destruction of Bats, Mice, Moles, etc., Sanford's original " Found Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes Is. 2d., 25.. and 3s, post free.—SAlrrolin AND EON, Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

PLums ! Plums I 1 Plums! ! 1 Persbore Ifgg klurns • the best for stewing or preserving ; 241b5., 3s. 6d: rctorias, ss. ; Greengages, 6s. 64. ; Damsons, 4s. 61. free. Scotch and Irish orders 64. ; carriage paid, packing extra. Price-list with testimonitls free.—it. G. HOI'WOOD, Field Cottage Fruit Farm, Wyre, near Pershore.

CLIALVANISED Corrugated Iron Roofing Sheets, 4ft , I-4 Is. 3d. ; 51t. le. 6d. : 61t. Is. 10d. ; 7ft., 23. 2d. ; flit., 2s. 5d each ; galvanised wire sheep netting 31n. mesh, 36in. wide, 93. • 48 in. wide, 12s. 410. mesh, 3t, in. wide 'is. ; 48 in. wide, 9s. per 50 rucbil CHARLES, 10, Albert Embankment. London.

HEALTHsdagnetiam in the body. This can only , Routh. and Energy for Ladies obtained by be donienberye7cinogurteheeof physical and breathing exercises (no dumbbells or weights used). Instruction given by a lady who has experienced marvellous results especially in figure and greatly increased powers of endurance from the same. —For appointment 'free) write to llilanastE id., 110 E., Queen's Road, London, S.W.

riro BLACKSMITELS.—TO BB LET. as a going concern, .1.. immediate possession, Blacksmith's Shop, in Church- road, Bareber Bridge ; etoek at valuation.— QuEEii bug, Banaber Bridge.

lifiattAierp, etc. ENGINES, Lathes. various machinery. Write giving details of wants.—BRITfANIA IiNGINE FACTORY. Col. cheater.

ASPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, new and secondhand, Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 a. Ce ntres 6ft to WM Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by lit square to 12tt by 41t square. Drilling Radial and Vertical. Slotting. Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Mazhinery. etc.—PARTLIGTON, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, 5 ford.

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Foil. LPL., and P.A. by Exam, 55, MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER. NEW )900. HANDBOOK GRATIS.

ma rea itntci eo a taenad MALELAgEfiEndedpeesni red nt bi d ynooLmeedym;usfcal anood d doe —Box t 9. Advertiser Office, Northumberland Avenue London, W.C. WANTED. ONNERAL hISE T VAN.-44, bWINLEY-LANE Wigan.

WANTED at once, a GIRL for Housework ; about 17. T V Apply to S,ACTONS TERRACE Upper Dicconson-st.Wigan. Nv. ANTED GENERAL for Cocoa Rooms; 17 to 18 years of age; good place for good girl.-2, ABBEY-STREET, Birkenhead. WANTED. RESPECTABLE GIRL about 22 as House maid-Waitzess,two servants kept. —Address LYNDALE, 45. a, Promenade, douthport. WANTED superior GENERAL ; good situation in centre o. Warrington; no washing; wage. £lB.—Apply Miss Ilupsox, 19, irlarn-street, Warrington. WANTED Respectable Young Woman as GENERAL, must have good character.—Apply 1, LITTLE WOOLTON.SRRELT, Crown-street, Liverpool.

WANTED, geod GENERAL ; six in famtly;morning servant, kitchen, &c.; good wages ; cook tolerably well; no children nor washing.-5, LIVINGSTON-AVENUE, Lark-lane. Liverpool.

WAN T ED, GIiNERAL sERVANT, young, for family of four ; plain washing ; good wages ; comfortatae home ; references. !Letters answered.-80. ACOMB-BTIIEET, Whit wnrth-nark. Manchester.

WANTRD immediately, nITUALION as WORKING HOUSERRICPER ; bachelor or widower ; Protes- tant ; 40 years ; 12 months' reference ; full charge.—Reply HOUSIKEEPRR. 40 Bowring,itreet, Liverpool.

.tIOAL•tip.—NeW Cltyihaa Pu.S4l AtT , bu. ; 1' ivr- mounted ; highest quality; price low ; trade supplied with bodys' and wheels„—linoloTos, Old Mill-yard, 29, earn o-road, Leeds. _

RUb TIC DRAG, suit 14 hands cob ; Alexandra Drag, suit 12 hands ; neat Gig, sut 12 hands ; lalli Car suit 10 or 12 hands cb. Excellent condition and great bargains, - MILLER'S CARRIAGE WORRS. Park-street, Bootie.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMESTS, public, or private. with or without board ; piano.—Mr. MasecY, 14,_Caunce-street. APARTMENTS, close to the sea and near Marine Lake, well fitted with every convenieuce.—Mrs EDWARDS, 12, Marlborough-grove, Rhyl.

ST. ANNES-ON-,EA.—Small comfortable FURNISHED HOUSE to Let near Station. Terms moderate. Address WM.. 8. NELSON-STREET. St. Annes-on-Sea. 910 LBT.GOOD SENU-DETAOHRD VILLA. 2 entertaining 4 bedrooms,bath, etc.—Apply 37,08r0gD-goAD,Padgate- lane, Warrington.

rro LET 4 Roomed Furnished. COTTAGE, Beautiful View J._ of Sea. and Land, 10 minutes walk from Pantasaph, tor particulars. write to Has JONES, Tailor Cacmel, Holywell. North Wales.

ILD-ESTABLISUED FURNITURE BUSINESS, well known ; good double sbop ; low rent. All particulars given to likely buyers.—Apply on the premises 100 and 102. HYDE-ROAD, West Gorton, Mancheste ,„;

WANTBD a thoroughly R RISPECTABLE GIRL as general age 18 to 19, good home, good character.-1, CLARKS HILL. Prestwich. Manchester.

WANTED. COOK-GENBRAL ; two in family ; excellent sitnatxon ; wages £lB to £2o.—Apply Miss HUD3ON, 19, Irlem-street, Warrington.

WATCHMAKERS OLD-ESTABLISHED BUSINESS near Southport. Shop, goxl fixttlres, fine house. bath, w c, rent Es fict ; leaving falling health.—Letter 24 CURRIE, 194, Strand-road. Bootle.

BLACKPOOL. Apartments ; home comforts. with or without board. Close to Central Station, sea, and all places of 'amusement. Piano.—Mrs S. RATCLIFFE.SS. Grove Place, Chapel-street.

HOLYHRAD.—WeII-furni shed House, commanding exten- sive view Carnarvon Bay, ao. ; few minutes wslk to sandy beach; 5 bed. 2 entertaining, 1 dining room, kitchen, pantry; from August lat.—Moms, Ddraenen. Holyhead.

• THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND. SPASMS, /NIUE BREAM NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LoBB OF APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, BEARD- BURN, Lev/NESS oF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS, Ac. AS A MINERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that Can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are eertain in theft curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary Organs or the otomach and liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON W. Do dot be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon having the rightthing, which iswrapped In a square green package. By Poet for 14 or 34 stamps.

25 i'ER CENT SAVED ON GAS FITTINGS, CLOCKS, BRONZES, Ac. And LARGE DISCOUNTS on GRATES, RANGES, IRONMONGERY, GARDEN SEATS, TENTS, HAMMOCKS, MOWING MACHINES, Ac. GREAT CASE SALE. LEECH BROS. & CO., 20 and 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone al. (Removing to Deansgate shortly.)

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TINIRKEEPRILS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. £2 58, (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of CLOCKS, SILVER and ELECTRO PLATE. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

K D AL, MILNE, & CO., MANCLIESTER Telegrams, " Kenmil." Telephone, 1,746. BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2) LETTER 1 HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS c ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL 1318 ATTENDED TO AT Ea, ET. JOHN-STREET, DEANSGATE. -- KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER,

THE EXAMINER S ERIES THE Runcorn Examinc-, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Tridnce Examiner, published Friday morn - ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and 3111-Chtthire Examiner, Dub- lished every Saturday morning. THE-Barlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 .......... N. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od, 27 1 36 45 64 , le. 6d. ... is. Bd. ... 6s. Gd.

THE EXAMINER: AUGUST 23rd 1901.

PEOPLE WILL TALK HOW SATISFIED THEY ARE AND THE EXT.REMELY GOOD VALUE THEY ALWAYS CM IN BOOS AND HOES BOUGHT FROM ALP TAYLOR THE CASH BOOTHAN, 45, HORS E MARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 13 B 11(BoTTILEsi PIZRUDIEDA) L UIAIRT SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/D, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER !QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations).

WHICH IS THE :BEST CYCLE? WHY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE! FROM W• ';11. LBELLIAN, MAKER OF' THE ROYAL CAMBRIAN, 115 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS •; 1 --- i ... . litincrithegnid-Itnedk. pli!ew Alp&. Avr,_,„ 10e. MONTHLY •Carriag°Me IF LISTS POST 11.1188 t* THE BRITISFI CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co, (!901) Ltd., 4.5, Evertuu Rd. Liverpoit. Lrauch 23 Itaachester Et Liv rpoel. (Established 1887!)

HENRY MILES AND C OMPANY'S GREAT SUMMER SALE. SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK. TO BE C'LEAFFD REGARDLESS OF COSI', TOGETHER WITH AN EXTRAORDINARY SPECIAL PURCHASE OF LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSE 3 HENRY MILES & COMPANY will Offer at r re 4 • Reduction in Prices a large parcel of Ladies' Z Children's SHIRTS, and BLOUSSS bought front. :0 London Mrger for Cash at discounts varying Irons 3.33 50 pr cent from cast nriCes, One of tne Cheapest lots Shirts and Blouses offered this season. SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY. OVER 2 000 SHIRTS AND BLOUSE AT ABOUT ONE-HALF REGULAR PRICES. / S PRICE IS. L2D. EACH. Zephyr. Cambric. Print and MUsLIN SHIRTiIa Stripes, Checks. Plaids, White and S-H—Oolours, soar' Tucked and others Embroidered. all Perfect Go.ids, Usually 2s nil and 3s 61 each,

----- CAN SUIT YOU. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. Actor DRAWING-ROOM, 3 1 so attca DINING-ROOM AND Elan da3 BEDROOM SUITES; ' 35 BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING, firm i ml KITCHEN FURNITURE, Blacl BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS. ( • FEW SHOP-SOILED ONES AT COST) Blacl HARROPS LIMITED, ARE TEB Blari LARGEST HOUSE F titturd URNISHERS, Bolt in the country and manufacture nearly every articia 10,5 Satord; they sell. They supply goods on the easy Paynat° Carl system cheaper than most houses do for cash. .. Chen MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CAI'D 4 50,5 1 CO% HARROPS LTD., '.33, 2 111'..a.r . 122. BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON. INSPECT OUR STOOK 645 i NO ONE PREMED TO BUY ....„.../ Bare 121,a 133P' REDUCIION IN PEI- Berl FOR g 4 T tilinda N ANDESC— 4 1184 , i,,,,,?: ' --'''• 'l.)s • .t, BURNERS. ( A E $ .. ' . • 'N' '', (I N D ESC MANTLES. If 410 36 aly, . IN,;ANDEBco , k , Pidd CHIMNEY-. ,061Pii 4,6 I, INCANDESCENT ‘";•.,'1; .Vrod -., ALL KINDS OF P'. 4,41da pRoTRoToRSA„, Gtal GAS GLOBES. wr , IZ SE, 2 DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PASTERNS ,„,osv GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR RICOH," Qla4 AT Ixolt ADAMS 80 ST. JAME; PLO' 10 c lie. ,18,3 WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS 053 BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. t Iria, GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. ""Mrls AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. Late Jo ADAMS. 44.7 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, „ LIVI AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAM LIVERPOOL. ti ksog 6 , t 4" _lac Law is u . LVT Z 14'6 s‘atu'r, 61a 41111 a; 04: e`ao i a 4. 6, 3 3 IC. , 80, 15614,: .it -69 a al rt'll 10 s, +lt, 06 , 5), ISo, , 111; V? 5 ---..,_ 2 i 1

Buy YOUR BRUSHES. FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTUREII-. GEO ROE FERN AND Co ~,,/ 19, CHURCH SIREET, WARRINOT'-'' WE HAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF ERITS4 UALITY AND PRICES DEFY COAPETIP"' J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, BIA.NUaiIJ MANUFACTURER. ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ELAIJOETER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON, YELEPRoNE No. 222. OUR TWELVE GUINEA 64 rj I- RE MIER CYCLES wITH FREE WHEELS AND BAC.S PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. bOLE AGENT. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRI' CASH OR MONTHLY' PAYMENTS INVESTMENTS, °NOS, STOCES, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON' STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. 29, RANE_AGH—STREET, LIVER. ° Eitabitehed 18b. Telephone 6613

iketon Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 720 1 Sundays 755, 4 42. uitnicrteitayr.a9nzdolii. Illtr,:?7„.-.11 asa 26, 12 41, 2 45.7 18. 8 2'2' 9 57' Birmingham. CT.,. t tr. w.)-turdays excepted . 3 10..5 50 720 0 1), 12 25. 2 35 a 4 40 5 50.7 25.9undays .510. 1240. 7 0. athiirsdaos only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42'. 850 11 48..1 25 2 45. 145,6 50.10 34 11 19. Sunday 415, am 40. 11 19 pm. Blackburn-8 30.10 49.12 30.1 2, 347, 753 Sundays, 80, 1122. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston , Blackpool (Talbot Road) -85, 955, 10 40, 11 432 40, 315. ' a 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 135 5 1.2. . 6 Blacknog.l (Central) -7 25, 8 25.9 10,10 0,11 25, 15. 2 55, 58, a 3 in. Sundays? 13, 1 154 57,3 25. a leaves at 9on . 95t0r3ays Bolin/I_s 55, 8457 55, 835. 9 10, 10 25.1 5, 2 15. 4 15 ; q „2.0,5 55, 8 35,a 2050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 927 p.m. a tlirChTS only. • Carliale-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, '1 /2.Bundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0. 8 41,a610n 1 iv. excepted. ~ Chester-7 258 4h. 940, 10 12,10 50,11 40, 155. 2 10. 3 0 ' 50.5 10,5 15. 6 35. 7 55,810.8 50. Sundays 232.4 30.6 30,6 55 , Collin% Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 25. 12. 38 • 220, 35. 4. 1. 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96. 10 46. Sunday 15.p.m. ere,- 445, 6 0,6 33.8 13.9 20, 11 15,11 11, 2 23, 3 5 415 645 640. 85, 90. Sunday' 455, 710. 245 4 10,922 10aresbury-8 16, 1027. 11 27. 2 52, 5 53. 8 43. Sundays 45 p.m. berhy- 8 12, 935, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 75 8 7, 935, 811115ay5 335. 7 33. 6 V.. 655. aliccent Winless. liarlestown-6 58. 7 13, 8 46, 920. 9 45, 10 25, 11 26 24: 12 50,1 42, 4 13, 314. 5 15, 5 52. 630 7 33, 86 920 : 419 36 al2 o.Sundays 8 33.9 2,9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a Satuiday . 'sly. kiddler's Ferry lc Penketh-7 1.2. 95. 945. 12 3, 23. 327 ' 4. 6 2,6 54, 914. Sundays 8 -2.2 57, 52. , ~Prodsharn-7 55 91.101. 11 11, 232. 411, 5 36. 6 57. 831 atiudays 6 56,15. m. 'l2O p.m. ~ „, Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80,9 0. a 50. 2046 12 0. • ' '4 56 2 11, 3 2, 4 49. 56. 0 55, 5 77. 7219 1 Sundays •1 49, 9 10, 2 40. 3 9.4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Qlasg,, -10 O. 2 0.2 1, 5 55. Sundays 550. 95, isolhorna-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 4 38 5 33 7:2 . 10 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. „Hough Green-7 45, 8 15. 99. 203. 1055. 1.9 230 225 5, h 21, 67.? 11,7 S. 915. Sundays 8 23, 53 4 9 10. R Liam and, Cadishead (Central) -7 339 53, 55, 8 50. 11 33 ladays 10 59. 6 53. 8 40. 10 0. 4 411.tchford- 6 4,8 40 9 29,10 211 , 16, 1 20. al 45. 212 , 4,4 22. b 5, 41. 67. 6 49, T 43, 94: 1127. Sundays 23 ; ,7Z3. aSaturdays only. bBaturdays excepted. 0 therpool (via Rariestown)-a?. 15 4 1.1 51, 80. 8 35.9 25 130 3 0 450 5 35. 75. 8 25,11 15. Sunday 20. 630. a 401aditya ORLV • biar,imay, only. Whines (L. & NW.)-'S 25, 8 20, 95. 9 55, 12 3). 125 4 20. 5 2).6 5.8 3), alo 4n. Sisal i 73 733, 2 1 O. 715 '45. adaturdays only slliverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 15, 7 41.87'). 3 31, 840 s a 93.510 30. 11 15.11 20, 11 31. 11 0) 12 31 1. 0. 1 301, 33 230. 240 350 a 30, 455 5 30.5 36. 6 35.7 30. 8 30 8 53. 1 Al 30 Slimly, 7 50.9 0. 2 30.2 50 420 630, 830.8 35,9 40 0 Lc, ndon kl, & N W)-h 137 10, 10 25 12 1). 2 15.4 15,5 ILZ 8 Sunday* 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. ' i'ndon(Miclland)-5 15. 90. 11 5I? I.r) 7. 0 10. 5 0, 645 . `9 120. 8,,n. aVs 3 15. 020. aexcept Monday. L ' il,Yrnm-8 7, 3 32, 9 20. 9 54. 11 8. 1 11. al 37. 25. 251 4%7'65 33.5 19.6 41, 7 41, 9 13,11 19. Surt.l4 .3 15,1 25 715 ,nrda only. bSaturcisys excepted. YVtanchester (L & N..W.)-7 45, 35. 8 30, 9 59 40 11 45 til. 10,1 5. 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0. 7 5. 8 0. 9 20, 10 40 "rlclaYs. 80, 8 30. 19 0. 60, 2040 Saturdays accented. z cfdanehester (London-road)-7 25,750,9 25. 10 35, 12 351 5a 8 • z 40, 555. 520. 65, 75. 355, 10 45 Sundays 730 14), 80 ohm urdays excepted. aSaturdny% only. Ms, 9 4 nchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 930 4 4 ' 1030. 1035. 1130,12 30,22 52 13). 2 30. 330. 430. 5, 3..,,..E• 30. 63u 638. 730 8 30. 8 35,10 0, 11 0. Snnrl-ty ....1". 1,., 'SO.' a.: 2 0.6 6, 6 35 8 20, 9 40,0 Saturdays only "aiddlewich-6 48.2 . 66. 56.96. :1 9, 12 14,3 47.5 0.7 33.Sundays.9 lsrlston-6 55.7 25.8 42, 9 8.9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, 12 4,1 i 74 7,4 51, 5 10, 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30. 80, 5 -s9 47. Sundays 3). 949, 10 0, 3 40, 720 11 614: 919 10 15, 12 30. 1,25. 32,. 4' sat 9 21 ! 40 55ey-6 53, 7 56. 8 31, 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 1.2 36, • 1 4) S .;_3 43, 4 35. 5 21.5 31, 6 22, 7 26, 8 69 32. Sundays, 837 10. Ctfilii:(ll ty.B2 0n1y.115 5. 1 55, 55.70, a 3 20. Sundays, 810 nt` z, elens-6 20 656, 80. 8 23. 90.10 5, 1110, 11 20, 12 51 9 255,2 50, 4 30,5 25,6 10,6 55, 725. d 50 10 53,Situday • 35.6 55 9 5 @ s 113hbort-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 25. 2 5. 2 33. 3 55, 7 0, 8 5 1 40. Sundays, 90. 2 0,8 0, aSaturd LYS only. 'plwall-8 10, 836. 925. 958, 1112. 115,1 41, 2 9 25 5 . 63 55,745, l 31. LI 4.,. 6 ,IL,,

I . POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON ---- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be poo ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 3 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows i.,-45 a.tn.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Ampleten, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook.. Frodsham. Ilelsby. Daresoury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall. Neamhurch a.m.—Bewley, Grappenhall, tieltlAg Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton. and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester: Bolton. Oldham. Macolesnel.d. Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a m.—London. Southern and Sonth-Western Counties Central. South Wales. and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkeahea I, So 1;t1?)rt. ,I. a i tile Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Wale a and Ireland. am.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-V7. Ragland, Wigan, cotland, Livernoll.„ Prescot. Southport, Birk ennean, Ormskirk. St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire , 1-26 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrevrsbur Nortls Wales, Londo a and South . 2 p.m.—Llverp.»l, south, t. 0.-twirler... B tll. Borlst Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wlgan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.-.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m. —Frodsham, Fro-Ohara Bite, Helsby, Widnes Pettketh, Moore, Runcorn. aud New-church. Newton-le Willows, Manchester p m —Town Deliyery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey • E.I.RLESTOWN AND NEWTON. . HEAD 07FICE ... ... • ... ... High-it,, Newton Poe: al akr B. R ... ... ... .. Itrie.,nes Jordan Ito trs of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. '), Surtdars '7 to 19 :i. tn, Bi a. closes at 5.4 / p.m. The TeleeTaph (Mice is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8 1., ri . and en Sundays from 7-30 to 13 a.m.. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Poet. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELLEERT commences at 7 a.m.. 12-30. LIST OF DESPATCHES wing thetine to wnlJli I. letter ,vio. re OOstei with onlia ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary 1 Mane I F.xtra Postage. r • id. SCAMP !

Is a wonderful waterproofer of - mks, BOOTS & HARNESS. Sot .14 ai, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows pei!sh. log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHPST ' AWARDS. Dubbin Tins rd.. 6d., r/- .6-. 216 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Iropsmotszeorr 6re- Martufactory Dulwz,:h, London.

HAVE you A BAD LEG . •.... With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Pausigt Surrounded with inflammation and swollen,that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the akin you have poison ,that defies all the remedies, you have tried. which, if not extracted, you nevercan recover, but go on suffering tik death releases you.. Perhaps your knees are sa ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the Same with the ankles, round which, tiler skin may. be die. coloured, cc there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended venous hospitals and bad modical advice and been toldyour case is tapeless, or advised to submit to amputation; brit do not, fort ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no ',sawn I should. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. ad. to R. W. ALBERT, 73; Parringdon.stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bed Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned tianda, and+, ißegirstelledeOnYrignt.i

MERRYWEATHER ON • FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &C. Write for Illustrated Parupilleta. • NERRYWEATHER 81 SONS, P, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

_ ...........a.OO. , Isßoys and Obiln can get • NICKEL. ELATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and CHAP hi, for tie/Ilng 1 l dozen packages of BLUINE at Flyepence each. Bend your fall address including name of County, by Warta mall, end we will forward the Blußle. post paid, and a lame premium list. No money required. HLUINE Co. , Department P1).241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, Loll

OZONOLS will fere you Pour Rich Blessings— HEALTH, STRENGTH, ENERGY, VITALITY. Dr. RIIEERT'S fgt. "- Z N LPL S Slake Rich, Red Blood. Restore the Lost Bloom to the Cheeks. NEW LIFE! NEW ENERGY! For Brafn.fagged Toilers. Unhappy Dyspeptics, Nervous Dec spondents, and for FEMALE AILMENTS. To be had from ..140zonOls Medicine C0.,1 Polwarth Place, Edinburgh.

FITS. CURED Prom tit* 111.21ree • °MMus 111. anew ft Iwo eared PERM I.llMiTlx Lb. .wev wool Cow of Epilepsy wt.. emery or retool, bad fatted. Wee 4.-6 d. sod 11.., rut Pro.. itiousszeho of Tottlntontalt &ndfo.a Tree Baapis Bonk mad tea st. Writs to--tneporteneeP C.) 7 W. "CT CX-IC) Phr.rmasemotl•al Chornlit, 25, Eflgh Atrftei, Pettast.

TII ,GREAT REMEDI. 7,i3, 14_ I GOUT IP I X X FOR GOUT. RIIIMMA.TISM SCIA LUMB A GO. 'The excrtmiatimi Pain Is quickly reliec ed. 'Slice, sate effective. All Chemists and Stores at ls. lid. and 2s 9d. per box

r&-ivibAbwl.s.Asoiveysivs,t/v? ; The wall !clown vitalizing rv'Tscts dio !of a cLp of strong Coffee can be secured directly by using Symington's $ .Edin.burgh Coe Essence. iiviivt3j I%4lveywi•

AV, HODGKINSON LIMITED - CLEARANCE OALE DURING YEXT WEEK 505111 VERY' SPECIAL LDTS • . WILL BE OFFERED IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, 46, AND 48, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, Stc.,' ttC., GO TO W ILLIAn TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD bTREET). LIVERPOOI

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS !! ! FOR VEGETABLE, PLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARKEY AND NIORRESON, " GOLD IN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALoOTJES FIIEE BY POST.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S ro VirDE IN-EATIINGS POW D R. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, BeetieS. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. .1.1 SW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, ed., Tins. 3d., 6d., I/ - NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 31, 6d., 1/- It ills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) gold in Tine, 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS. BEETLES, MOTHS.

BEER. SAVE A LIFE AND SEND Is, P.O. ANTI-ARSENICAL PILL?, CAWLSIA CO., SHEFFIELD.

ric I 0 W LE'S CHLORODYNE , Renowned or IfS TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE couno.uumo BuONOHITIS, row LE'S CHLORODYNE NFLUNNZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE DisAVE4%/k, 23. TOWLE S CHLORODYNE 4 doses for ASK FOR TOWLWS; TAKH NO °TRIM.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY, 72. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

KEATING'S POWDER KILLS ipprq,f,Y ' FLEAS Bus MOTHS BEETLES. TINS, 3d., 6d., and is. THE NEW BELLOWS, 9d.

I owL reEtiNsTREoEviAL PILLS FOR FEMALES. • grumEr.r C0811.1.7.CT LV 1311LEGITLASITIES, 71EISOVIC ALL OnSTAUCTION' S ami relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,lai& 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., - Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. D01,14.1re of Trnitaein7is, Oolurious ant ern,117.1,

cRITCHLEYS I'ARCHeLOSS

Breakfast is often spoi!ed by the poorness of the Coffee. It can be made any strength by using SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. - _77

efi'd • Ilia V 444.9' e iffir 774;-4' 4r -0,-* ‘.7- ylasLc 7 g'7 °1°12511122151°g- CORES who all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS !LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING AU. PAIN AN0JTARO33IN:110111 SOON CDR ES The Worst Corns and Bunions, It Softens and Removes all bard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 111 i. of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

• MANLY MEN'., Why suffer...lrons pains and misery caused STE eryousness Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness P Send for my book, which shows in* every men; young and ol4;xen be thoroughly and quickly mired without STOMACH MEDICINE or EGEOrgIOITY. Specimens of letters receioel, ,su,‘ r znte3l g crud. " I esnoot tlnd words to exoNsis alma.. di RM. I used to think I never wonld goo coral. I wish I had seen your a Avertisemmit at first. I shotad have a eyed many pounds —G 14." I nave earns! out your Instrustious. and am now per featly wati.—J.P." Book sent seated. wilt Vres. tor two stamp s JAME. 92 an 493, Grad Russall Street. I, ntioa, W.O. Sendat ones and be cured. 12 Yeus Continuous Succeed

VERVOUS DSBILILY, LOSS OF poyon AND BNIIRGY.—A gentleman, havin been a great sufferer will be pleased to forward a Physician's Prescription, which. cured him. This Prescription was the result of twenty years' r...se:.rch. and sufferer's will find it to remove any Nervous Disorder: of however long standing. It is certain in its action end is convenient to use. Send stamp addressed envelope to GEORGE WRIGHT, ESQ., Coble HOLUM, Lee. London. S.E., and name this paper.

THE NEWITRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Bicord Hostan,Jobert, Velpeau. and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blot:hes, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism. gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical eahaus- tin.. etc. -Therapion is prepared in three aiereut forms Nos. 1.2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. rult particular, send stamped addressei envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON.. 43, HOLF3RD-SQU'IRE, LONDOS., W.O

00000000*CtXfO®CACri', 0 0000 • 00( • 6.; 0 A thoroug,F4 reliable beverage 0 : used in the household, field, or g • camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 0 0 Coffee Essence. In small and large bottles from all Grocers. 5 1 LA*000004.00000000060000.0:0

CYCLNS I IMMENSE/ BARGAIN/. Free ~ Illuetrafed List, 1.54..0 New at 4 ,---- Ilitt— -- Second-hand Machines. 3's to 25:503 47 new new machines 19i1 make,from 2,Z 173.64 Single Machines at wholesale prices. ....__.,.... ;>,....,.„„ Accessories. Agents wautea. l'r.de suppited.—WsmaLow & Ca.. Weston-super-Mkre,

THB WANT jokrprifm DAI MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NSW. THE GREATeia BOON ever of- fered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched Linen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider- web -Ile materials. OTICS tried al way .atited. Used In the Royal Laundries, Should be used in house. Sold by most by Starch tiellers in Packets, at d Ed. Prepared only :T. CarrokzEr, Blackburn.

• 9Ho II °viva *PILLS: fl+ CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

1 -THE "REFEREE" I SHIN _ _IDS. THE " HOLBORN " ~, ~. 'Li: li" .`• 1. I: 1, O. acrosz.) 10/61 6/3 613 . rA .- r 7,.:.,11 • .. di ' ' 14 . ... • '-, ..t ~-.. . .. .._"...-„,) 4if„:, ...*.iati'.', Also , 4 ' L,i..: a . 'ct --- ' Also r, t,. . , Also Arrvirdevriii AID \ t , -TTL WILE, I it, . , # . d 't,i -1 Ilf LiLlijj rill C C vie [-• [ . -, - `.l • ':[ , • -f.. . 7 [ Rugby Rr-gbY .'7'.--;::::;.,:.' ~.:-.4:.,:., .6- Rugby i • / 1. o T... ,-,---5....-- i.:. , -- A • 8 :„... - ~. Stronz linea canv,is, eane- ,1 sirmiq ~, ,1, •••il.i, 1, a ~.ilt criw-iiioe Parfact in snaps. Wel tad 30223. teilod, with couti haud-sew u C11.3(.3, compleue with beat rubber Waterprsoff. straps mud buckles —Old. ' bladder. • z.... 2. Leather ... ... .- 11- Ico, a s _ ize ~,, 4IC i N 0.3 (mach size) 83 Every ic`etlori strelVdad. ancl. n. tent her. lined chamois ... 119 4 We 1713 hammeted. 4. Tali Ca lined chamois 23 p,,shice ad. lo (nett ease. C. Shin an A d ne Guards, fruiii 3I- . CO Price 106 post free. pi, soute 2d. For other ii in Ili les see list. , 0 0 SPE:LIL FOOTBALL BOOTS. i . COAL NETS. (BRoDIE's PATEI4T.) % HOCKEY STICKS. g The ltegul2tion Ash. plain GAIL ER' K. ~... `IP. luthilie, suitable for wr ..--- " 1 'IIIIW-A Et si .Ma We. I ... st, ladies 8.: }omits. 33 0 • Rego 1101111 ASII. 0 E119Z1,14 :4 1 „ 0.0 boned loolitile.:01 0 Mitt art p and i , 1 4r. , s'''i ii.. . ....._ wit., kirkitig. i'/.. „. . ...;.” Thisset i' Of. ' Strong Hemp, ',Lent. tarred, wood pegs ... 33'. , N •IC., livll iii,,.., ~ rii iron pegs and steel rope ... - 381- lb. weiglii s, 3,- .is,,, o 0., 1-,,,it ii‘c. 711 Very stout Hemp cord. steals tarred. With _..., Best A skall ''''''ce Best it atti ity wood pegs ... ... ... ••• - - ...l. 1.12111 C LiaLlitile. NYI, to oril..r. Ditto. with I rou pegs and steel rope ... ... 45/. hound and _--,.., , . 5i,L.,2/81, Sit' iii cheap hue, ait h ash pegs and atrong it ; polo.t.ed.ruicil **. 0 0 0 0 0 , C.." 3.? 8 hemp head lines ... ... ... , ... ... 316 to MI) Clubln tire - a,cti1tr.,t,!1,1,1:,,„4 marl:el.:ill Wriville- -.-- " . FOC 1 Priee, 46 - - 37,,!ria."f" Les t licr Ear Gnat tonnage 2d, ' Do., will, o irk grip .. ... ... 6 6 - • ' it:J.01,42A FOilt tall (4mile, fr •arriage cairn.' IN, ~.one 31.1 roller *handle. 511 -...,.. Carriage Tile " iT if IVE it A.l. i '' Boa-Wall.: rajas. The Gaimagse.Ctiampion o 7 3 - . .. . ..... 5.5.1,. 41,./.. M,”' titra noon - - 71- . 'on single Slick. ild. ;KERS. i (Wide legs.) allilmolli. White '. i. Swans ' 'JELL •.........0"" "ear/ ~..... . i „., .„. ~,,,,C..`,-,. , Strong '4.s - 40111 , ~ 's,''',';',',. White Lattil;sk-171°. 14. ~.. I 11.1.11111101111 .MIII• :Ili i • I 210 Plain . . ..... ' as , Colour3, :". - , Nave flute stri mg ' 1, .5 Serge. 14. 1 In. or 2 9 ..., ~,,,.„ 1110. 2/11. 311 stripes. All Wool, extra ' .. uality finn n Ita. , 9 N qb:llldS,s 11 Chest Ys4 2' '''' .... 34 Walt.t - 22 214 2,d '.. 5 .. 10 3 - White Flasnel,3ill 23 215 2/9 a- .-, 3 35 39 Stout Tlireail Ruaby ie. •es. I la ir. 2 }MITA 4d. . h It oil Ex In; strong, 331 colialli. Wiiltp. WO; W .... la 1.11,,", 311 Orders over 10/. Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated. X-107-ABORN, LONDON, M.C.

W. ILDGKINSON, LIMITS D. CLEARANCE SALE. EACH WEEK DURING THE SALE VERY SPECIAL LOTS WILL BE OFFENED IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. SOME HARE BARGAINS ARE BEING OFFERED IN VERY HANDSOME DRESS LENGTHS, IN MANY CASES, AT LESS THAN HALF COST. 461 AND 489 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARDIE, LTD. --- IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. In the course of a few weeka' time Mr R Hardie, 00 managing director of Hardie, Ltd, Cycle Manufaccurer6 and Agents,of Berry-street,Liverpool ; 182 Grange-road. Birkenhead ; and 116 Brighton-street, Seacocabe, Wl start for his annual visit to THE CAPE, and, as has been his custom in past years, ho prior to leaving England, dispose of,at exceedingly low rates,, EIGHT HUNDRED SHOP SOILED CYCLES. This Clearance Sale will only be in operation betweeO now and the time of Mr Hardie's diparture,and persol desirous of obtaining, at unusually low rates, sou° cycles, the manufacture of reputable firms, and full/ guaranteed, should call at one of the depots of Hardie Limited. AT ONCE. To put off the visit for a week or two may result IS the would-be purchaser being TOO LATE. Among the machines to be disposed of are : RALEIGHS, SINGERS, OSMONDS, Hardiea, and many other high-class and well knooli cycles, one hundred of which are offered at E 5 EACH. NOTE.—At the Company's shop in Berry-el:6" Liverpool, Mr Hardie can be seenipersonally any toll between 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. Advt.

VOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. _L Places it before those whom you want to reacband goes direct to tbe Public, keeps your name before them, serves t 9 make you atter known among them, at a very small cost. JOHN WALKER AND CO, EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, W ARRINGTON"' EXEC 1777.3 PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

F OR FIRST-CLASS P:IIVATS DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessaryant Llisy be arranged. TEETH. TEETH. All consultations free. Baoh patient flatworm:3 required befand the 001 It TEETH. ' Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P"nless Extraction h oni itherto by the eta TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13.000 Salk' weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON ( DENTIST By EXAM MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ..GEORGE-STREST MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 g.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANEEY-STRIOT WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN, 31, BRIDGE-STREST THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICR—....I3, APPLEMARKET-STEERT FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGE. war' COOPER—B kllNEO—August 11th, at the Parish Church ta rington. I.y the Rev. A. Y. White, Joseph Cooper Winifred Barnes. SILVER WEDDING. wesles7: HARRISON-70NEI—August 17th, 1876, at Trinity Chapel. Frodsharn •by the Rev. John H. Rogers. "e of Harrison, of Rainford. to Sarah Jane, second daughter 0. the late Thomas William Jon's, Church-street, Buil° (Station Master, Edge Hill, Liverpool). DEATHS. oArf HlLL—August Bth at A,lmiral.street, Warrlagton. Ellen Hill, aged 42 veers. HnowN—August. 11th at Keen-street, Warrington, Brown, aged 76 years. o'3 WHAtems—August 10th at Heaton•street, Warrington. Ann Willi/I,ms, Ac,r1133 WALTON—August 12th at Farrell-street, Warrington. Walton. aged 46 years.
