===== 0002601_19010927_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BERESFORD'S 77, CHURCH ST., LIVERPOOL.

OUR NEW SERIAL. WE HAVE PLEASURE in announcing that we have secured for publication in our columns a BRILLIANT MILITARY STORY. ENTITLED "A O LTEEN'S SOLDIER,"

• BY WALTBR WOOD. The opening chapters of the story will appear on FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11TH.

BO LD -STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTEMBER nth. At 10.30—Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6.3o—Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided

--- HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES', P A R I S 11 C Hl3 R C H. WARRINGTON. THURSDAY NEXT, OGTOBER 3RD, HOLY COMMUNION, 7 30 a.m. EVENSONG AND SERMON 7.30 p.m. PREACHER. REV. F. EARLE D'A. WILLIS, RECTOR OF UTFINGTON, STIANIFORD. Rolv ComtnunSir, 1 81)Afm..00TOBER 6TH, 11.Mins, Choral Celebration and Sermon, 10.3) a.m. Service for the YouoZ. 3 F'tn• Evensong and Sermon, 6.30 p.m. , PREACHER: MORNING, RF:V. C. C. ELCIIII. VICtROFSG. ,AGNEs, LIVERPOOL pREAc,,ER: vEI,IN THE RIGHT REV. THE ILAORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL. ,!1'F1310.011,111S FOR CLERGY FUND; £5O REQUIRED. Gift. of Flowers.Froit,Corn and'Vegetables will be gratefully Vecelved at the Church on the Wednesday and Saturday before. , Members of the Congre2ation are requested to be seated Mari at the Evening Services in order to avoid disappoint• 'tent. FREDERICK W. NN LUIS, Rector. JAMES G. CRAIK, • JOHN DEvqHURET, }Churchwardens.

woRKINGMEN'S INFIRMARY COMMITTEE. GRANDDISPLAY OF FIREWORKS IN AID OF WARRINGTON ItiFIRMARY -6111104 IN BANK PARK' RECRRATIoN GROUNDS oN TiIvESDAY NEXT. OCTOBER 3. COMIENCE 7.15, by MR. W.I%I3E:Mos. NEW SET PIECES, DEVICES, ETC. Tickets, 23., is., 6d.

L

JOS TASLOIit, Hon. Sec.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE WARRINGTON. THURSDAY AFTERNOON NEXT, OCTOBER San. IT 2 P SPECIAL PLYING MATINEE, CHARLES CnLLETTE AND COMPANY IN WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES. any doors at 1. Dors open at 1.33. Commence at 2. Carriages at 4. TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT AT ONCE. LILFOARD ARTHUR, Manager.

elEcus, QUeEN-STREET, WARRINGtON, GRAND RE-OPENING BY TEXAS JACK. (THE °HEAT AMERICCI Will SCOUT). FOU SHORT SEASON ONLY,

COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30T13, 1931,

AND EVERY EVENING AT 7.30.

AN IDEAL REPRESENTATION OF THE COW-.

trtery ,

t„,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY'S LIFE

- - TO THE ELECTORS OF THE APPLETON Drrisioar.

'UTT,

itreet,

land ,14114 all

teteived

tiated

':igned

preeenee

r

TEXAS JACK'S PRAIRIE LIFE. ~.Xarvellous Feats of Horsemanship, Ririe and Pistol Shoot- Buck Jumping, Horse Trainiag and Lasso. Doors open at 7, commence at 7.30. Morning Performance Saturday at 2.30. Admission 2s, Is 61, Is. 6d. and 3d.

e SEI IRE COUNTY COUNCIL.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, ve I beg to thank you very heartily for the honour you ha done me In returning sentative on me unopposed as your repre- d o assure devote y the Cheshire Ocunty Council. and can only u again that my best services will always be to the interests of the constituency. I have the honour to be. Ladies and Gentlemen. tours very faithfully. 13 rappenhall Hayes vo a rRr OGIIR CHARLTON PARR. 1 ng ton . September 28th. 1901.

:NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next ! GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace or the , c e CCLNTY OF CHESTER, will b 3 holden at the " c URT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said Qi unty on MONDAY, the 14th day of October next, at " =yen o'clock in the Forenoon, when tee Grand Jury rill be empannelled. k% ~„'a ine hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- t:weds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Norcbwich, forming tthe linutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners "tommitt d from such Hundreds will take place at such ‘, . e ~:eilona. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- Vrd District must be in attendance at the Court House, , tnutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the "th day of October, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. ''O,lllE COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of . tee, on WEDNESDAY, the 16th day of 0-tober next, s4u9even o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand „Wl' will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals It .81ng within the Hundreds of Braxton, Eddisbury, I.,.`eiltwich and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and trials of all prisoners committed from the last-men Qt!'cl Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned is;sihoos. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester mstrict mug: be in attendance at the Castle of Ches,nr, A the onening of the Court On WEDNESDAY, the 16th 4' of October next, at Eleven .'clock in the-Forenoon. ti REGINALD PoTTS, ' „ Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester, • ex-13 arer. 23rd September, 1901. ~._

AIR. WADS WORTH'S SINGING. CLASS.

AT Y.M.C.A. FRI4ES GREEN, EVERY WEDNESDAY 8.15 to 9.15: No NEW MEMBERS ADMITTED AFTER OCTOBER 2nd• 'ULL PARTICULARS AT 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

tatcE ts HEMBY GIVEN TEIAT VIE pARTNRKsHIp heretofore smbsisting BETWI3I4aT us undersigned GEORGE SHEPHERD and JOSEPH "T, carrying on business as but-fibers at 3, EluttermarkPt- -. Warrintton. under the style or fir" of Shepherd Shutt," H AS BEEN DISSOLVED by mutual consent as ?torn the 25th day of September, 1901. 11 debts due to and owing by the said late firm will be and paid by the said George Shepherd. this 25th day of September 1901, GEORGE SHEPHERD. JOSEPH SHUTT. by the said George Shepherd and Joseph Shutt in -eseno- of W. E. FOWLER, Sollotor, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1172

===== 0002601_19010927_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
W 41 V

===== 0002601_19010927_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED

FOR CONOBBT BILL o AND PROGRANIMBS. "EXAMINER" OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNI

- Pvr_tt.Flm,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIDALIE, sErizimnamsErt 27, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BRWSEY STRECET. WASHINGTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING.

AND BOOKBINDING. IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES.

ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS. EDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS.

PAMPHLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &O. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER PRINTING WORM, REWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET loam% AND UPHOLSTERERS.

hr. JOHN /CASON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. "...""-PRIP.A.TE ADDRESS g —l9, THYNSR-STRRIT.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BY PosTI" 73ict per Quarter, 66 6d per annuz is 9d. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19010927_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES FURNISEIED FOR ADDRESS LABELS. BALANCE SHEETS. BUSINESS CARDS. CATALOGUES. CIRCULARS. HANDBILLS. MAGAZINES. INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary ; but may arrangeo_ • TEETH All oonsultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Inforw betoreband, of work required. TEETH. %old and other anings at moderate charges. TEETEI. An BED., also Lady Attendants. TEETH h. Palnleos Butraonavauss hitherto by the TEETH. Raker to Deucirss of 10,C3Cirelletes weekly. • Rams. of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(DEYTIST BY EXAM.)II MANCHESTER- MOSLEY-STRE E E

- (Telephone 1660).

MR. )TADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS • --GEORGE-STREET MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. , SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON —3l, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN _3l, BRIDGE-STREET Til—FliDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICH_ 18. APPLF:MARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERBONAL BUTERVISION. ESTIMATtis GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF wORIC. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

FISH FRIERS ,

TAKE NOTICE Ji D ERITOTT

I GRIMSBY FISH SHOP,

KNITTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON,

LIAII BEEN SELLING COD AND FLITlia OtoxE sErrElli

?2`Al

THIS LAST WEEK

AT 25. 6D. PRE SCORE,

AND WILL DO THE SAME THIS NEXT WEE% -.7-7:____., ' • ~ ruc , 0 IRS W ARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FFOM THE QUAERIES OF THE . BUXTON LIMB FIRMS. LIMITED. ' SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS " - COLLIERY AGENTS BICRERSHAW COAL). '. HEAD OFFIO/C AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Siding. and Branch °Moe : Marlton Street. 1 Warrlugtoc rr,C__ __ ______________________ _ • LARKE', " EXAMINES " OFFICE. 33 MARKRa 6ThRET. &ARLES:OWN. IS NOW SHOWING A LARGE NUMBER OF BOOKS , BY VARIOUS AUTHOES. REMARKABLY CHEAP. , SEE WINDOWS. ACZNT FOR THE WESLEYAN* GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

GUINNESS'S _DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD ANo BITTER ALIB 4LLSOPP'S AULD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS, WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASE or BOTTLES Irons B. CUNNINGHAM° WINWIOR ROAD, INARRINOTON. Also Manufacturer of mall CLASS MIREB.AL WATERS In Sorew-stoppered Wales. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET. TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIvARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS, OF WM, HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Establighs.i 68 Yam.'

R. OLAmp AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING • REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow ....... —prom 165. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24a. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL

Hide;

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET.

12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

T. ALLEN AND SONS. OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND

DECORATORS. BE4 TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OCTEN STREET, EARLESTOWN (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WA.LL-PAPERHANGIIns, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING. PAINTING, GASFITTING, WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORE VANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTB_BOIII "IWELSBACH " INCATDRSOENT LIG HIS. ESTIMATES IM.1:11.

MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

NOTE HEADS. PAMPHLETS. PROGRAMMES. POSTERS. STATEMENTS. PRICE LISTS. REPORTS. JOHN WALKER & CO, EXAMINER OFFICE, TIILIIPROXR, NO. 0489.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)

===== 0002601_19010927_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'V;I,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~„,,, 4 t, .„ ..„,,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
49

===== 0002601_19010927_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010927_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010927_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
,;;

I

•, 1 ~.0 / , : - -,... ; ~._: 1 . , i X t i L 1 1 , ~ r: • , : , I I ',,,,,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

lIIE DEAR NELL/E,

I hear, and indications are by no means wanting, that hats are to be worn very large and of pic- turesque shape, trimmed chiefly with long sweep- ing ostrich feathers, and these are delicately tinted. A pale rose drap de feutre hat, plateau shape, has an ostrich feather of deeper shades, over a foot in length, sweeping round underneath the raised felt from right to left, drooping on the hair behind. These drap de feutre chapeaux de style in pinky shades are the heighth of the fashion. The other prevailing style is the marquise or tricorne, but larger, and the upturned brims more spreading than of yore. These are very stylish in white or pale grey felt, with the edges of the brims bound with dark-brown or black velvet and trimmed with an upright, bushy, stiff military aigrette ; sometimes a scarf of old lace is draped round the crown. Birds, wings, and plumage predominate on many models, the whole bird being used poised flat on the crown, the head and beak to the back.

It is too early as yet to forecast what will be the leading styles in evening dress, but it is almost safe to predict that the Empire modes will pre- dominate. They fall hi so well with the present craze for the picturesque, and they display to per- fection the beautiful embroidered stuffs which are

being prepared for evening wear. At the present moment, at country houses and shooting rarties, most, of the younger women wear plain clear muslin& A charming blouse is soft blue cash- mere, cut with a seam under each arm and on the shoulder, and mounted on a tight-fitting lining, over which is a vest of white lawn, with side- pieces of embroidered silk. There is a simple white silk blouse which needs no lining, the silk being mounted on to a square-cut yoke of insertion, with a shaped centre-piece down the front. There is one of the new boleros, tight- fitting, with a shaped belt attached covered with braiding. The fronts are scalloped out in battle- ments, with turn-down collar, whilst the sleeves are inserted under a scalloped armhole in quite a new manner.

It seems despite the change of other fashions that the long skirt is to remain with us. Not so long as it has been, certainly, but, nevertheless, not nearly short enough to be either comfortable or cleanly wear. Trimmed skirts will be rather less in favour, however. Nine out of 10 of the new models are plain, but a few are tucked from the waist to the top of the added flounce, which is completely covered with close tucks. The fashion- able skirt is very wide at the hem and has the inverted box-pleat at the back. Smooth cloth and Tough frieze are the two popular fabrics for autumn gowns, especially in coppery reds and browns, heather-purples, and greys. A copper-red cloth looks extremely well made up as a plain skirt and bolero—this style of jacket shows no signs of going out of fashion—with collar and cuffs of Chinese embroidery in dull blue and gold, and a blouse of deep ecru soft silk or tucked chiffon, with a gold tissue belt. An equally good effect can be achieved by having a plainly-stitched bolero without revers, with a blouse of silk in which blue, red, and gold are mingled. Most of the autumn boleros have wide bell sleeves, a minority displaying tight onog with deep mousquetaire cuffs.

I have seen a grey check skirt and plain grey -cloth coat, forming a costume suitable for fishing. The colour is kept in dark tones of grey for this reason, as the fish are so easily startled by any more obtrusive tint. The collar and cuffs of the little, tight-fitting coat are in leather, and the kilted skirt has a useful flap-pocket on either side. The knitted tam o'shanter is grey, like the dress, .and is lifted on the left side with a dark grey plume. The skirt might be short, whether in- tended for wear when fishing or for the moors or mountaineering. Homespun is an excellent mate- rial for all such gowns, being light of weight and, generally, in the natural colours of the wool. Most girls and women carry skout with them an unnecessary and injurious weight of skirt. This can easily be avoided by choosing a light woollen stuff and avoiding a heavy lining. Silk is by no means the best fabric for lining skirts, though it is the most fashionable. A light but strong muslin is often used now by dressmakers, and has several advantages over the more usual silk. It not only wears better, but adapts itself more readily to the folds of the material it lines. Your loving %TENNIS,

ALWAYS USH McDOITGALL'S PATBZIT SELF—RAISINI

... • // vii.t.,..0 , ,e,ii,''k ' /47,,,.'"' 1' ) 4'4 `• ' , , 44,-. ------- - - • Is' . 'yo , - -f,il;.#4-i -i• i --,r;.; : ..„ . . --_.,-- - -- • - - - --____._ _ :- _ ~. : ,_.-.---- .17.,- -, -"- ..- —H_ __l—-- t- .- ---- —-- • _.) 4, ,---------------„,..:..a • .•-- ,t.%,41 y I

• "-4, !' V. // j!•( , - ,//

' 14114 -,!.. N ,c'kik*3o -=. ." /•,' z, ..:::,,_...,40 6/,,, h w /1 i 'At ••-•///, • ( ' / i ~.. ~ / , \\ \ V • \ \ 1 f,„ ko‘\ . ‘` • '., \ • '''+‘"%4N,,...„.7.•<.'

OUR METHODS of Trading have yielded most satisfactory results. and our business has been built up by systematic- ally keeping faith with our Customers. In other words—by fulfilling all that we psomise in our advertisements, and by giving utmost value for money, the purchaser returns to buy again. Once a Customer always a Customer. Naturally our business is still growing, , AND.OUR.GOODS.:'. have that happy knack of making countless friends wherever they go. We merely outline their merits—the goods do the rest. They are made in our own light, airy workrooms, and here are a few of their good points: they are amply full in size (not the skimpy, slop-made rubbish of un• scrupulous trailers), most accurate in fit and cut, and THREE GOLD MEDALS have been awarded us for excellence of make and finish. Do you wonder that our business keeps growing? The prices are so easy too, and cannot fail to SUIT YOUR PURSE We should like to send you our PICTURE LISTS OF COSTUMES. PICTURE LISTS OF MANTLES. PICTURE LISTS OF UNDERWEAR. PICTURE LISTS OF BLOUSES, and, in fact, Picture Lists of any or all the Goods we manufacture and distribute. May we send them,_•Post Free? Simply drop us a Postcard, mentioning this newspaper and addressed_ JOHN' NOBLE, LTD PICTURE LIST DEPT BROOK ST MILLS MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAI.

Queen Wilbelmina, in opening her Parliament, ex- pressed the hope that it will be possible to do something for the suppression of he evils of gambling, and drink- inn, and for the general improvement of the moral con- dition of her people. The present German Emperor has, at sundry times, tnought to rnake his people moral by Act of Parliament, and it will probably ne said that the young Queen is not likely to succeed where so many older, and more experienced rulers and statesmen have failed in the past. It will however effect some good. Our late Queen never actively interfered in the affairs of Parliament, but she ever encouraged all that was best by her example and the purity of her Court, and, by' these and every means, Queen Wilhelmina is evidently determined to do what she can to elevate her people. Mrs Rooeve,t,sa ho now becomes first lady in America, and mistress of the White Rouse. is the second wife of the new President of the Until Statss. Toe first Mra RoAevelt was a Miss Alice Lee of Boston, who died three years after her marriage leaving a daughter, now about eleven or twelve years old. The present Mrs Roosevelt, formerly Miss Edith Carow, was a great per- sonal friend of the first wife, and has four young children. She is a highly intellectual woman, speaking several languages. and has, like most american women travelled a goad deal. " The impossibility of dressing on £l,OOO a year "is the subject of an article in one of the current magazines. Many women who go out continually, and have to dress well, would be only too glad of this income to live upon, and such could have but little patience with the article in question. It would, of course, be quite an inadequate , sum for a leading society woman, to whom £lOO guineasl for an evening gown, and £2O to £3O for a simple house dress, is a very ordinary, everyday price. But these women are comparatively few and far between, as are also those of rur sex possessed of £l,OOO a year pin money. The vast majarity of us have to be satisfied with a very much more moderate allowance, and, to our credit be it said, manage, generally speaking. to Present to the VI Gild a very creditable appearance upon it. As a trimming for simple morning hats, sat silks still prevail over glace and firm makes, but the spotted silk scarves are no more. The fatal " tbree-farthings" appended to their price in the sales, has lost them tbe favour cf the select few, by bringing them within the reach of the many. Their place is taken by cut silk squares, almost as soft as the foulards and handsomer in design. The new ribbons, which are appearing on many an up-tc-date hat, are rather wide, of soft and good quality, and brocaded in the most delicate colours that harmonise with anything. Ruffles are again well to the fore. Not the firm closet ones with which we are familiar, but wide, loosely flying Inns, more like fichus than toa.. Many of these ruffiss are in the form of ruches, which like a cape, spread out Over the top of the sleeves, and in front fall down on each side, almost to the feet. These turns not only appear in black and white, tut in gauze chiffon and net of many colours, often blended together, to give a pretty iridescent effect. Large full ruches such as these, take a great deal of material to build them, and are therefore somewhat Costly. They arc however finding much favour with these who like to wear such things as are not likely to be too generally seen. In belts there is already great variety and we are promised a revival this autumn, of the Swiss shape. This is being arranged of three or more bands of rather narrow ribbon, running closely parallel under the arms,' and gsadually expanding, hack and front, to at least three times its narrowest width. Where the ribbons are thus drawn apart.they are sawn down to an upright whalebone, of the required height, covered with the same ribbon. Wide soft ribbon is also being used to manufacture the SWIPEI belt. It is expanded back and front by boning, and is allowed to narrow itsslf at the sides. Not quite does this belt meet, and the deficit is made up by adding streamers of ribbon which crosa and tie in front. White muslin cushion-covers continue in vogue, and haptily so, for they work quite a transformation, at small expense. The simplest are of white bock-muslin, rather deeply frilled. the next stage is when they are more or less elaborately embroidered, and the acme of effect is arrived at by muslin cushion covers, encrusted handsomely with lace. These latter may run us to great expense, but for utility and appearance also, de quite as well when not too ambitious, These delicate covers are for the boudoir and drawing room, the plainer OAPS for the bedroom and morning roam, and the simplest of all are of great value for throwing over faded, and dingy specimeas. One item is imperatively necessary, they must be absolutely clean, white, and fresh. Cot covers are made very much as are the cushion. covers, and on these a considerable amount of work is expended. Nothing is too smart to spread over baby's bed, or carriage, and so the dairtlest of work in white floss silk appears an a simple muslin ground. There is not much difficulty about the work for thosejwho possess cool fingers, for there are many suitable patterns to he had. The design selected is fastened underneath the muslin, and the needle, threaded with fines silk, pick• its way over this, in and out the mesh of the te Vile, the ends of silk being left fairly long and faetened off securely on the wrong side when the pattern is removed. When the equinoctial gales sit in, we should once more be careful of colds and coughs, for our own sake and that of others. There is no worse infliction than anyone with a bad cold, and many believe that we only take these complaints from others, just the same as in the case of the more serious infectious diseases. It would however, take a let ot scientific theory to con- vince many of us that we could not ;lust as easily rake cold by getting over warm and an after chill, and it is just at this time of the year, when the days are warm and the nights cod and chilly, that we are most liable to these rieks. For these autumn days, clothing of fairly light tut warm materials, is the moat suitable, as purely winter garnymts are almost as risky as those of summer, seeing that one is likely to get overheated in them. It is different with bsets and shoes, and now that we must expect the autumn rain., the thin-soled variety should be strictly discarded, when taking our walks abroad.

It is not so long since the " mere man " wed to pooh- pooh feminine feats of swimming and billiard-playing. Now these recreations are almost as IsPenly followed by the one sex as hy the other. The annual competitions at the Bath and Ravensbeurne Clubs bnow that swim- ming is greatly increasing in popu!arity amongst fashionable women, and there is the Austrian lady who stiU hr,pos to swim the Channel tetween Dover and Calais. There is also no obvious reason why the billiard champion should net te a woman seeing that delicacy of touch rather than strength is the chief qualification. In any case billiard playing is increasing at the high- timed ladies' oinks. ar dat some of them, especially at the Sandringham Club, some fine displays by titled

===== 0002601_19010927_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27 1901

women may frequently be seen, exhibiting all the skill and higher arts of the game. . . . . . . _

Several people have 'been writing to a London paper with suggestions for a universal language, but it is to erably safe to say that no such idea is likely to be put into practice in time to be of any use to the present generation. A good many folks thought that Volapuk was destined to fulfil all the requirements, but Volapuk however useful it may have been, was not striaingly beautifully, and for that, or some other reason, it is DOW seldom heard of. Meanwhile the penalty of Bs bel remains, and is likely to remain yet for a good ma ny years.

" MADGE.'

===== 0002601_19010927_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXHIBITION OUTDONE.

Glasgow Really Excited.

An occurrence in Glasgow has just come to light which it is safe to say will arouse deeper interest to thousnds than all the wonders of the Expoiiition. The first details were published by a well-known journalist who received full confirmation at the facts at 31, Belfort-street, the shop of Mr. M'Garva. Mrs. M'Garva said that within the last two months she had bad a most pleasant surprise. " Previously," she said, " I never Expected to be well : I had been ill for twelve months with a trouble which reduced me from over eleven stone to quite half that weight. I _

suffered so much from bicodlesnees that I shrank almost to a shadow. My lips became blue, and the cold sensa- tion crept into my fingers and toes. My complexion was yellow. and I suffered greatly with palpitation of the heart and shortness of breath, SO that at times could scarcely walk. I was frequently seizNi with %iddy turns, and could not trust myself to go far. S. ii was I that I had to call in medical advice and a nurse. I was ordered sustenance every two hours, and I really thought I was not going to get better. Upon all thew- sore troubles dropsy appeared, and my knees swelled s that I was atraiC they would burst. .

" I was truly in a distressing state. The doctor said that the cause was kidney disease, and I certainly had a very severe pain across the lower part of my back. But doctor's medicine seemed powerless to help rne.and then I determined, on the suggestion of a neignbour, to try Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, which I had orten heard spoken well of, That was two months ago, when I was in such a low state that I would have taken anything for relief. A box of Dr Williams' pink pills was obtained ; I took them regularly, and before I had got through the conlients of two boxes I was already a different woman. I enjoyed my food ; the dropsy left me completely ; the pain in the region of my kidneys vanished ; the palpitation ceased ; while my face re- sumed a healthy colour, When I recall my state before taking Dr Williams' pink pills I cannot praise them enough." The wonderful recuperative power shown in Mr. M'Garva's case is due to the fact that Dr. Williams' pink pills supply fresh energy to the organs of Oa,. human system, enfeebled by disease and incapable of perfcrmings ffici ently their natural duties. .In thii simple yet practical method many serious disorders are overcome entirely, and the list of cures effected by these pills include instances of arfemia, general weak- ness, loss of appetite, palpitation, shortness of breath early decay in men, " decline" and consumption, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, sc,atiea, scrofula, riekets, and chronic erysipelas. The pills are not a purgative, nor are they weakening in action ; on the contrary they constitute the finest tonic known for persons "run down " through worry, or indiscretions of diet or living; and they contain nothing that could injure th:i most delicate. The pills are genuine gnly when the box bears full name, Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and if useless substitutes are unscrypul- ouslv offered by dealers who consider the question of profit only, purchasers should make sure ot obtaining the genuine by remitting to Dr Williams' medicine com- pany, Holborn-viaduct, London, two shillings and oinepence for one box, or for six boxes, thirteen and nine.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR. ---- The Magistrates' Duty.

"Not to Find Fault with the Law but to

Administer it."

OUR FIRST AUTUMN SALE!

Another conscientious objector to vaccination made his appearance at the Warrington Police Court on Tues- day to apply for an exemption order. His name V 7.48 Arthur Cotton,ll7, Liverpool-road, and he applied for a vaccination exernptionfcertificate. The certificate of the birth of the child haying been produced, the Clerk asked the applicant to tell the Bench why ho wished the order. Applicant : Because from what I have seen I believe vaccination to be injuriods to the health of children. Alderman Hutchinson . What have you seen ? Applicant : I lost one of any brothers through vac- cination. Dr Fox : How long after he was vaccinated 1 Applicant t A very few months afterwards. Dr Fox (shaking his head) : I suppose if he had fallen downstairs alter he had been vaccinated you would have said the death was through vaccination. Applicant : I cannot say that. Is reply to Alderman Hutchinson. applicant said he bad been vaccinated, and as far as he knew had never suffered in consequence. Dr Fox : Do you recollect how the symptoms mani- fested themselvos in the case of your brother ? Applicant did not. Alderman Shaw Green : Have yeu had any other experience ? Applicant : A very great friend of mine told me that before his child was vaccinated it was very healthy, that afterwards its health was never the same, and that it died. Dr Fox : The applicant is an anti-vaccinator, and you may talk till you are black in the face and he will be of the same opinion still. A'derman Shaw Green : Those of us who have bad a wide experience of sanitary matters realize the serious respovsibility the applicant is putting upon the district. tOr Fox (to the applicant) : You have a duty to dis- charge to the State as well as to yourself. We have to protect other people. Have you thought of that Applicant : Yes, tut I consider vaccination injurious in any case, and that is my objection. Alderman Shaw Green thought that perhaps on reflection Mr Cotton would be in a wieer state of mind, and therefore he would suggest that his application should not be granted that time. Dr Fox : But it is the law that we should grant those arntications when the applicant has a conscientious objection. Alderman Shaw Green : I think if there is any chance of the applicant changing his mind we should give him that onportunity. Dr Fox :It is the law, that is wrong and they take advantage of it. We are here to administer the law and not to find fault with it. Alderman Shaw Green : I thit.k in the interests of the community we have a perfect right to make sugges- tions but you are chairman, of course. Dr Fox : VVe have no alternative but to grant the application. The application was ultimately granted.

MAZAWATTPB LATARIB& C-ocoa.--Amorg the more en couragiug signs of the times may be c unted the great increase that tas of late taken place in tbe consumption of cocoa and chocolate in this country. It is a healthy I sign, moreover, and is one of the few things we can set against the evils attending the traffic in intoxicants. In ' order to cope with this growing drmand, and with the view of putting cocoa production on a higher plane than it has hitherto occupied, the itlizawattee Tea Company have established extensive new factories in South London, where, with an equipment that has pro- bably never been equalled, representing, as it does, the 'atest and best ideas in cocoa methods, they claim to be producing a cocoa of higher quality than has before been realized, The capacity of production at the new factories is enormous, tbe initial outlay in connection with this new departure amounting to £400,000. Mr .1 Lane Densham, the chairman of the Mazawatteo Corn p•ny, contends that there are so many cocoas now in the market that are little more than cocoas in name, since they contain many cheapening adulterants which are pernicious and unwholesome. that the time has come II hen a rich, pure cocoa, made wholly and solely froFn 'he finest cocoa beans, should be introduced. This the Nltzawattee Company claim to have done, and the public will doub,less be eager enough to try their new Mszawattee Latariba Cocoa and judge for them- selves. As Mr Denabann says, there is always room at the top.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
JONES & THOMSON;

CENTURY BUILDINGS, 75 and 77, LONDON-ROAD, and 1, Norton Street, LIVERPOOL,

NOTWITHSTANDING OUR USUALLY LOW PRICES, OUR SPLENDID StOCR OF

HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS

ILL BE REDUCED IN PRICE'. DURING THIS MONTH (SEPTEMBER), THEREBY

GIVING YOU THE CHANCE OF THE YEAR.

CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS LAID FREE.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
(C'opyright.)

A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE Bit MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "The Barn Stormers," "Fortune's Sport," "Miss Nobody," "Her Royal High. nose," "Lady Mary of the Dark House," tio.

CIarTER XXI IL T:IE 110031 WITIT TIIE LOCE DOOR.

In a corner of the room wad a screen, quaintly painted in imitation of,Wattean ; and from behind the screen was visible an old-fashioned escritoire. From where I sat I could only see it in part, but the design was familiar to me, and I was sou, now I came to see it, that it was either the sacrztvire which had stood in the octagon room at Arrish Mell Court, or else one exactly like it. I yondered very much whether Roger (Who owned the esrrituire, in common with everyttaing else that had been Lady Cope's) had really attached enough value to the old piece of furnithre to transplant it here, and, if so, what had been the underlying motive. I said nothing of all that was in my thoughts to Sintra Leigh, however; and as a French clock on the mantel softly chimed the half-hour after nine, I rose, announcing that I would like to go to bed. My companion received the proposal with uncon- cealed relief; and indeed, for the past hour, since we had left the dinner-table, our conversation had been the reverse of lively. She went with me as far as the door of my bed- room, pointing out her own door further down the ball. 'I shewed you which was my room during your tour of inspection this afternoon," she said, "but I will remind you now, in case you should need anything in the night. Not that you are likely to lie awake, 1 trust. Compose your mind with the resolve to do as your best friend, Roger Cope, desires, and you will sleep peacefully enough.".

"This is certainly not a bad place to be mistress of," I answered, diplomatically. A moment more and I was alone. Still, there was nothing to do save to wait until the house should be quiet for the night. As to what should happen after that, my ideas were vague, but all my thoughts turned towards the Secret. There was no clock in the room, but I had wound and set the watch which had come back from the pawnbroker's, add when it told half-pest ten I looked out into the corridor. It was still lighted, but very dimly. The gas had been lowered since I came to my bedroom, and a faint yellow star, shining through the glass globe, redeemed the passage from darkness.

For a few moments I listened, but there wasifot a sound to be heard. Evidently the house (had gone to sleep for the night, and if I could hope to do anything, I might as: well make the attempt now as later.

I took a candle in a tall silver stick from my mantel, and a box of matches, but I did not mean to light the candle unless it were needed. Without a light, I might hide in the shadows, in ease of a sadden alarm, while with it I should at once become a conspicuous figure for prying eyes. I walked along the corridor until I reached the stairs, and then I cautiously ascended the two flights which lay between my floor and the third storey. Now and again a board squeaked under my slippered foot, and I stopped, with a beating heart, peering fearfully into the dusk. But the noise had only seemed loud in my own fears; no one else had heard, and no door opened to frame a peeping face. At last I reached the third floor, which was also the highest. Here also there was a faint light, and I could see in the distance the door of which Roger Cope was said to keep the key. So far, everything had been easy—far easier than I dared to hope it would be in the end. I decided that I would go to the door and knock very softly. If I was answered by a voice from the other side, I should feel that my theory regarding last night was correct.

Suddenly, as I tiptoed towards the door' it seemed to me that I heard someone speak. My heart gave a great bound, and, almost involuntarily, I shrank into the thick shadow of a great old- fashioned clothes-press which stood half-way down the hall. Hardly had I crouched into the corner '.ben the door towards which I had hem bound opened. A bright light shone out from inside, silhouetting the tall black figure of Sintra Leigh against a yellow background. In crossing the threshold she turned and looked back, speaking to someone in the room. "I will bring it to you in less than ten minutes," she said, in an ordinary tone, without trace of agitation. "Be patient till then." . _

She took a step, forward, but a faint murmur from the, person unseen caused her again to pause. I could not hear the question, if question it was,but her answer reached me distinctly. "I cannot help that. After what happened last night, it is your own fault. But though the door must be locked after this, for the next night or two at all events, when you are left alone,. you are in no sense a prisoner. As soon as you ,are well enough, if you , choose to leave this house, and there is any other place where you would rather live, you have' only to say so. I catne here for your sake alone. And everything I have done since coming has been , for your sake. It appears to Inc that you are very well off here. But we will talk about it again when I have brought you the wine." She closed the door, and once more the cerridor was dim. But I could see that, she was bending down, and I could hear the fitting of a key into a lock. If I could escape her sharp eyes, in Inv dark, but otherwise sadly insecure biding-place, after all this seeining contretemps might work out for good. Evidently the key of this door was not in Roger Cope's possession, but in Shure Leigh's. Now, if she would only, only leave it in the lock I Was it possible that she would do so? For an instant she appeared to hesitate. I could guess what was in her thoughts. She was wonder- ing whether there could be the smallest imprudence in letting the key remain where it was for the few moments of her intended absence. Before I could have counted twelve she had decided that she might safely trust it there, and, turning the key round with a faint grating noise, she hurried away. My only hope of escaping her quick eyes lay in the sheltering shadow of the big clothes-press as I stood huddled into the angle it made in the wall, and the fact that the woman had no suspicion of my near- ness. Probably she would have locked me into my room if she had not disliked proceeding to extreme measures by removing the key from the inside. Or perhaps she had felt confident that, after. the alarm of the preceding; night, I would not dream of venturing out after dark. She had reason to be secure in the knowledge that I could not leave the house, and she might have reflected that vague curiosity alone was not a strong enough motive to lure me from safety. These thoughts darted through my head as she came nearer, and gave me hope. Fortunately, she carried no candle, and she had just come from a room brightly lighted, so that the darkness must have appeared more dense to her than it did to me. I was half afraid that she might hear Inv heart beating or the rustle of My gown as it r, s and fell with the throbbing of Hay bosom, for the sound was loud in my own ears. I hardly dared look at her as she approached, lest my eyes should attract hers with some subtle inagnetisnn, yet I could not force myself to turn them from the tall, swiftly advancing figure. It, was ali over, however, in less than a minute, and she had gone by without even glancing towards the clothes-press. The sense of relief was so great when she had actually passed, that I grew giddy, almost faint. But there was no time for analysing my own sensations. Not a second was to be lost if I meant to do the daring thing which had presented itself as an enurement to my mind. The woman in black ha'd said that she vimuld be away less than ten minutes. I might, then, count on at least five clear minutes in which to work.

1 • Peering out from my hiding-place, I only- waited ' until Sintra Leigh's head had idisappeared down the well of the staircase. Then .1 flew to the door of the room she had left, and unlocked it. ,-I was too much excited now to be afraid, or I might have hesitated in dread of what I should se on the other side. But I did pot hesitate. I turned the key and opened the door without knocking. What I saw was a commonplace, comfortably furnished bedrocm. . A large reading-lamp itood on 1 a table near a huge canopied bed, and in the bed, supported by banked-up pillows, reclined a man. 1 ,The first glance told me that he was the original ' of the third portrait in the library downstairs, and I felt ar less surprise at this discovery than I should had I seen a strange face. He had a book in his wasted hand, but at the sound of the opening door he looked up, fixing two . great pale, startled eyes, set like topazes in deep Aiollows, upon the unexpected visitor. 1 . "Who are you ?" he exclaimed, in a voice as I Sintra Leigh's as his face was like hers. I gave him the ause.cr flint sprang into my mind and insisted on utterance. "Hush!" I said, with my finger to my lips. "I am Ertuyntrudit

daughter, and I've come to you for help and justice." The features, worn and altered by years and suffering since the portrait had been painted, changed and paled in the light of the green-shaded reading-lamp. "Ermyntrude's daughter!" he echoed. "Ermyntrude had no daughter." "She adopted a daughter," I went on, hastily. "I heard you call on her name last night, and I couldn't rest till I found you. I loved her dearly, and she loved me, too. There are so many things you could tell me, if you would; and perhaps I could tell you some things that you would care to hear, if only you'd listen." "For Heaven's sake, then, tell me how she is," the man cried. "She is dead. Didn't you know?" I answered, with awe in my heart. He fell back among the pillows, groaning, his hands, thin and yellow as claws, hiding his face. For an instant I had forgotten that at almost any moment the woman might break in upon us. but now I remembered, with a shock. I ran to the bed and bent over the man who lay there. "There are other things I can tell you—things that have been kept from you, perhaps," I said. "Do you wish to hear them?" "Yes, yes " he moaned. "There isn't time to tell you now, for we are liable to be interrupted. Is Sintra Leigh your sister ?" The man looked me in the face once more and nodded, without speaking. ",She wished to keep us apart. When I asked about this room to-day she said that it was a store- place and Sir Roger Core kept the key. When she comes back, if she finds me here, she will send me away. She is stronger than I, and she can call the servants to aid her if she chooses ; I can't resist. But if you will do as I ask, I will run whatever risk there may be in displeasng her. I've shut the door, and the key is outside, where she put it a -few moments ago. When she comes back, she will think that she must have failed to lock the door, or perhaps she will turn the key round and not know that it has been tampered with. If I hide in this room, so that I can talk to you when she has gone away again, will you promise to keep the secret? "Yes," the man answered. "She has tricked me, and she deserves to be trieked in return." I could not be sure whether or no he would keep his word. But I determined to take the risk. Al worst, Sintra Leigh would hardly dare to kill me, whatever might be her desire for revenge should she find me out. "list!" the man's voice broke into my thoughts. "I heard something in the distance. She's on her way back." Without a word I flew to the window nearest. It was covered with heavy curtains that had beer drawn together and fell in straight folds to the floor. Behind them I found that the window was partly open, to let in the mild air of the June night. If the curtains moved, Sintra Leigh might think that they were stirred by the breeze. There was a deep embritsure, and, gathering my skirt closely about me, I knew that, unless the woman in black should be seized by a whim or I was betrayed by her brother, I stood in no immediate danger of discovery. The curtains had scarcely ceased to quiver after being drawn into place by me, when I heard the door open. I half expected Sintra Leigh's first words to be an expression of surprise at finding the door unlocked, but, instead, she began quietly to speak about a bottle of port which she had fetched from downstairs. No doubt she had done what I had suggested—turned the key without becoming aware that someone had been before her. "It is so dark in the passage to-night that I stumbled at the top of the stairs," she said, "and almost dropped the wine." • "I heard a sound," replied her brother.. "Now, you are to drink this," the woman went on, "and I am sure that you will have no return of the dreams which troubled you last night. We cannot have any more such distnrbances, especially while we are guests in this house. There You feel better already, I am certain." 4+ "I think I do," answered the weary voice from the bed. "I hope I may sleep to-night. Than. you for bringing me the wine. You might as well go now; I shall need nothing more." "I should be glad to stay with you longer if you cared to have me. But, of course, if you think you can sleep that will be best." • , "At least I shall try. And somehow I think that to-night I shall succeed better than before—better than I have for a very long time." "Shall I close the window?" asked the woman in black. I held my breath. Would the man remember that my window was the one which had been opened? And would he still be true ? . "No, no," he rejoined, rather irritably. "You know that I like fresh air." "Good-night, then. And remember that the bell beside your bed has now been =del() connect with my room. You have only to ring. It would have been better if you had not forgotten that last night." "I lost my head .last night, I admit," was the reply. "It shan't happen again, I promise you. But, for Heaven's sake, don't lock me in. The thought of being unable to get out is enough to drive me mad." "Nonsense I ".exclaimed Sintra Leigh, impatiently. "You might ask that, with a better grace, if you had not lost control of yourself and alarmed the house last night. I must lock the door. But ring if your nerves get the better of you again, and I will come." I had listened eagerly to this discussion, for "L divined that the invalid's request had been as much with a view to my Convenience as his own. But I was hardly disappointed that his appeal should have been in vain. When I had learnt the secret—if he could be induced to tell it—l must make the best of the situation I had created for myself. 'At all evenis, this game that I was bent on playing was more than worth the candle it would cost. And—sufficient for the hour was the evil thereof ! She went out and closed the door, locking it with a certain ostentatiousness. At the sound, despite my resolution, I felt a slight sinking of the heart. For it was not pleasant to think of _being shut up for an indefinite period with that ghastly-faced, hollow-eyed creature, wilts might be—probably was —to a certain extent a madman. But I had chosen ; and I must now abide by my decision. I waited until I was sure that the woman in black must be out of hearing, and then I stepped from between the curtains.

CHAPTER XXIV.

TIIE SECRET.

"When did Ermyntrucle die?" 'the man demanded of me, abruptly, as soon as our eyes met. I answered as concisely: In April. One night your sister came and took her away from thz. theatre, where she and I had gone. When sh. :ame back to the hotel where we were staying shi# was very ill. She tried to tell me something, to give me some directions, which I couldn't under- stand. And in a few moments she was dead."

"That night!" the man whispered, beneath his areath. "It was that night Then—l am her murderer." His great eyes stared past me into space. I was faintly conscious of a growing pity for him. "The doctor I called in told me that her heart must have b'een weak for a long time," I said, more gently. "Her heart was weak !" he echoed. "Poor Ermyntrude! Poor tortured soul ! And to think that it was I who tortured her through all those years. 0 Heaven! If I could only be sure that she knew now holy I had suffered, that through it all I suffered as much as she."

_ "Perhaps she does know," I said. "You--what do you know of it all?" he demanded,.almost Nvith scorn.

"I only know," I returned, "that she was never nappy—never since I can begin to, remember any- Thing. And my memory goes back to the time when I was a tiny child—seventeen years perhaps. Now lam more than eighteen. It was on may birthday that she died."

"That awful night I" he exclaimed, more to him- -3elf than to me.

"She loved me, I think, and was always good," I went on. "But her moods were often strange Sometimes she used to be stern with me when I could not tell what I had done that was wrong. Sometimes she would load me with presents and kindnesses ; and again, perhaps in the same hour, she would seem to feel it a sin that I should be happy." "She was thinking of the boy." the man among the pillows unuttered, with a sigh that was like a stifled soh. "The boy who died?" I finished the sentence for him. "Perhaps. She never spoke of hint to me, never once. But Roger told me." The invalid raised himzelf on his elbow and wroth

"Nkhst did nonyer tell r" "Only that. the little hoy died in some very 4ad and poinful way ; he did not say how. I alwaya thought that he was my little brother, who died

years before I was born. But after my mother-1 mean, after Lady Cope—died, told me that I was not her daughter. That she Roger-had only adopted me because she had lost first her little boy, whom she adored, then her husband, and had no one in the world to love." _

"No one in the world to love!" he drearily repeated. "Yes, that's true, that's true. And to think that it was all through me. 0 Heaven t The horror of it! No wonder if these years of remorse have driven me to the verge of madness."

He was babbling on, with broken, inarticulate self-accusations, while I asked myself : "Is this the secret? Am I shut up not only with a madman but a murderer?

"Is it possible that you killed the child!" The thought spoke itself. s "She thought that," he said, chokingly. "She thought so—until that night." "Until the night of her death?"

He bowed his'head for answer.

"an-Tfilien:-.-tfien--s1;ei;;;;;v-t-liat it was not so ? " "She knew that it was not so. But the truth— it was the triith,that struck her down. Shall I ever forget the look in her eyes when she cried out that what I had done was worse than murder—that she could forgive me sooner if I had killed the child in my passion for revtnge ? Heavens! How the look has haunted me! It's driving me mad. I can sr. her now as she rushed to the fireplace and held tie,. poker among the coals till it was red hot, then, tdaring away her sleeve she burnt out the scar, The one link that was left to bind us together. I can see her now, as if--as if—she stood there!" and he pointed a shaking hand towards the empty fire- place. Involuntarily my eyes followed its direction. So strangely had his words and the horror in his eyes moved me that I half expected to see my adopted mother's spirit there, pale, beautiful, dressed as her body had been on the night of "The Bells." As the vision came to me, growing in my brain as it grew in his, I did indeed seem to see her, exactly as she had been at the theatre. I could see her eyes, black as wells of darkness, and hear her murmur: "I wish we had chosen another play for your birthday. The face of Mathias reminds me of someone I used to know."

I had only'to look at this man's face to be certain who that someone must have been. I shuddered.- She herself had burnt out the scar, if I could believe his word, burnt it out that the last link might be destroyed between her and a man she deemed to have sinned beyond murder and beyond pardon. Once again he turned to me as the vision passed.' "Did she speak of me when she was dying?' he implored. "You forget," I said. "I am not even sure thg I know your name. How then can I tell--" "My name is Walter Leigh," he interrupt. "Did you hear it—from her ?" So desperate was he in his eagerness that I said "No," sadly. "When she was dying," I went on, "she only stammered a few broken words I could not piece together into meaning, though I have never forgotten, and I have often tried to under- stand. For there was something that she wished me to do; that was all of which I could be sure."

The man's eyes lightened in their deep hollows. "Since you haven't forgotten, tell me, he said, anxiously, "and it may be that I can help you to understand, even now." _ _ _

Slowly I began to repeat the words that Lady Cope's dying lips had spoken. "The scar—the sear After all these years." And afterwards: "Sheila, save—find—you must find--" Then silence, and nothing more. "It was the boy she was trying to tell you to find and save," the man explained, excitedly. "She must have felt that she was dying, that there was nothing she could dos You were left, she still had hope; but even if she had lived what more could have been done ?

"Ah, what more," I echoed, "when the boy was dead so many, many years ago. Nothing could change that." "The boy was not dead!" he exclaimed; and I started, in fear and surprise, for I thought that he must be mad indeed. "Not—dead ?" I stammered. And I began to ask myself how I could soothe! his excitement ; for though I was still only on the threshold of the secret I was woman enough to shrink from the knowledge that I was imprisoned with a madman. _ _

"No, no," he answered, almost fiercely. "Did I not tell you how she might have pardoned me if I had killed the child in the heat of passion? For she had sinned deeply against me, and so had Vincent, but she would not forgive when she knew the thing that Sham and I had really done." • "What—did you do ?" I whispered, dry-lipped. "Did Roger Cope tell, you nothing of the old story? "No. Nothing at all." The sick man's eyes fastened once more on mine and held, them, so that I could not remove .my gaze. For an instant he was silent, then he spoke in a low, changed voice, a calmer tone than he had been able to command before. _ _ _ _

"Ermyntrude begged you to save and find the boy," he; said, thoughtfully, and with deep sad- ness. "Strange if it should be given to you to dc so, even yet! Perhaps if I tell you the whole story from the beginning—" "I beg tlielt you will tell it," I pleaded, when he _paused. Sit down," he said, abruptly. "There, in that chair by the side of the bed where Sintra always I had been standing until now, but I obeyed him. "Sintra and I were half-brother and sister ti.. Vincent Cope," he said at last. "We were twins. Our Mother had gipsy blood in her veins. She was beautiful—famous for her beauty and her glorious voice. Her people were well-to-do; but because of that wild strain in her nature, -which 'hewed itself strongly after sleeping for a genera- tfon or two, she could not live the life of an ordinary, middle-class English girl. She went on the stage and became an opera-singer. She was but eighteen, your age to-day, and in the first company which she joined was a man whose father had been a gipsy. He was the leading tenor, and he was as handsome as she was beautiful, though a wild, worthless fellow. They married secretly. Then a time came when the marriage had to be announced. Our mother left the opera troupe, but our father stayed. Sintra and I were born. The husband and wife never saw each other again. He was killed in a railway accident, and as our mother had been disowned by her parents she was penniless. We were left with an old nurse while she went back to the stage, and for two or three years we were neglected, growing up like weeds in an uncared-for garden. "Meanwhile, our mother met a young baronet, named Henry Cope, who fell in lovp with her beauty, and they were married.. We were brought to this house as our home; this very room was our nursery, and we were happy enough until Vincent Cope, our half-brother, was born. "With his birth everything was changed. Oil step-father, who had never liked us, turned against us almost with hatred; even our mother took her love away from the poor gipsy twins, who recalled the sordid past, and gave it to the child who was born to good fortune. Sintra and I were devoted to each other; she perhaps caring more for me than I for her—as is the way sometimes with a brother and sister; and she hated the new baby as only a gipsy child can hate. One day, when Vincent was about two years old, she struck him, so that he fell and cut his forehead, And this act sealed our fate.

"Our step-father pronounced life unendurable while we remained under his roof, and we were to be sent 'away. The question was, where, for we were almost too young to go to a boarding school; besides, we were so inseparable that it would have been cruel to part us ; and neither our mother nor her husband had the active wish, I think, to be cruel.

"A circumstance 'trifling in itself decided our whole future. A child, Ermyntrude D'Esterre, cousin of the Copes, .wbo had been brought here on a visit by her parents, had taken a great fancy to the two gipsy children. When her father and Mother, whose home was at Arrish Mell Court (which yon must know well) heard that we were in disgrace with our step-father, they invited us to pay them a visit and share the 'teachings of their daughter's governess. We managed to win our way, somehow, into the hearts of our protector*, instead of paying a. mere visit we continued to live at Arrish Mell Court and were as much children of

the house as Ermyntrude herself. "So we: grew up together. I was not a strong boy, and, instead of being sent to a public school I had a tutor. Ermyntrude and Sintra and I were never an hour apart; and not a cloud arose between us until Sintra and I were seventeen, Ermyntrude thirteen. Then, mature beyond my years, I knew 'that I loved Ertnyntrude, not with the brother-love I calmly gave Sintra, but a feeling very different. AI last I was going to travel with my tutor, and before leaving I told Ermyntrude what was in my heart for her. She vowed that she loved me, too, and promised that when she grew up she would not marry anyone but me. I wanted her to prove this promise. I wanted tribe sure that she belonged to me; and I persuaded her to let me tattoo on her

srm the mark of a heart, whichw as ti be tne fay- timile .sf one on mine. _

"She was afraid and unwilling, but consented at ; and I made the hearts as best I knew how, in my amateurish way, with a purple ink which I bought from a man I knew. "While I was fashioning the heart on Ermyn- trude's arm, copying each detail from my own, with my sleeve rolled up that I might' have the' model ever before my eyes, Sintra looked in upon us. She was furious with jealousy that Ermyntrude' should share something with me that was denied to her. From that moment I believe that she hated Ermyntrude. "When I had gone away on my travels, Sintra made a heart on her own arm, and told Ermyntrude that it had been done by my desire, but that was not true. I knew nothing of its existence until Ermyntrude wrote me that, since Sintra now wore the symbol, Shy had ceased to value hers as before. "For years, though' the two families lived in Dorsetshire, not fifty miles distant from each other, we saw little of Vincent Cope, for our mother died, and the boy and his father went abroad together. It was while I was travelling with my tutor that we met—my half-brother, his Lather and I. Only the' day after the meeting, which took place in Switzer- land, Sir Henry Cope had an accident in climbing. He lay ill for a few weeks, and finally died, 'so- that Vincent became Sir Vincent, though he was. but a boy. "My tutor,-who was a good fellow, made him— self very useful to Vincent, and we all went back to England together, taking the body of the dead baronet with us. After this Vincent and I remained friends, though Sintra's continued dislike of him kept us from accepting his invitation to share his home. Arrish Mell was the home of our hearts, and *our, friends there seemed no more desirous of sending us away than we were of going. But Vincent and I went up to Oxford together; and in those days he had our three portraits painted, to be hung in the library in this house, where you may have seen them. "Vincent was sent down from Oxford on account of an audacious prank. I left at about the same time because of a severe accident at football. He went abroad with friends; I back to be nursed into health at Arrish Mell Court.

"By this time I shewed signs of latent talent as an artist. Ermvntrude's people. who were simple- And unmercenar'y, believed that I might make my way in the world, and when they found out that we had loved each other for years they .consented to our engagement. _ _ _

"Then,-a-3 Ern yntrude and I both longed for Italy, and she would have plenty of money for us both, it was arrange that we should be married without delay. Ermyntrude was twenty, I twenty- four. _

"I was perfectly happy, despite Sintra's jealous depressions My heart was full of good feeling for all the world, and I was delighted when Vincent wrote that he would come and be best man at the wedding. "Well, he came, and arrived at Arrish Melt Court, where he was to pay alkit, only a week before the day set for the mEriage. He was a. handsome and brilliant young fellow, not much older than Ermyntrude. They had not met for some time, and I might have seen a danger signal in their eyes when they looked at each other. But I loved Ermyntrude so passionately that I did not dream her feeling for me might be nothing stronger than the affectionate habit of years, which I had thought her to misunderstand.

"When Vincent had been in the house for three days she begged me to release her from ,her engage- ment, eleventh hour though it was, alleging no reason except that she did not care for me as sho had thought. I was half-mad, and I refused te give her the freedom she asked for. She seemed as much mine as if she were already my wife; she had been mine ever since I put my heart on her arm, hers on mine. "On the morning of the day that should have given her to me for ever she *as gone—she and Vincent together. They went to Scotland, and were married almost before we had time to guess what had happened. "For weeks I lay at death's door with brain fever. Sintra nursed me through the illness as no. one else could have done. But I was never the• same man again. The blood in my veins seemed turned to gall. I believed that I hated V'rmyn— trude as much as once I had loved her I and I thought of nothing but some way of making her feel as I felt.

"Perhaps if her parents, who had been like• Father and mother to me, had lived, I would after ill have done nothing against their daughter. But while Sintra and I travelled, trying to forget, they died. A year or two later, my chance came. and —with Sintra's promptings in my ears—l teak it.". (To be concluded.)

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TEAM. CLUB.

DATE. 19. d.

GROUND.

Points For Ag'st. Eep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradt ord 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6. 28 Runcorn Oct. b Leigh .. away 12 Swinton '—"

19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home 23 Halifax away 30 St. Helens Dec. 7 Batley a.say 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield home 25 1 eigh 26 Runcorn .28 Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 4 Hull 11 Halifax home 18 Swinton 25 Broughton ',Augers. ..... Feb. 1 Salford borne 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Frida”. 29 South Shieoa ... home 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan 12

19 Championsv Rest E 6 Final Cup Tie

DATE. 1901.

RUNCORN.

CLUB.

GROTTYD. •

Points For A g'it . Sep. 7 Hull . away 6 8 14 Leigh home 3 0 '2l Halifax , home 11 0* 23 Warrington .. away Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 14 Brighouse Hangers 19

26 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. Nov. 2 Huddersfield . 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire V. Yorkshire in Cheshire Dec, 7 Huddersfield . away - 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 21 Broughton Rangers home • 25 (Xmas Day) Broughton R hom- e-26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home ?8 Salford home • 19:2. Jan. 1 Hull hom- e-4 Broughton Rangers ' 11

18 Leigh...—. 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oiclham 8 Brighouse Haller, 11 (Shrove i ueeday) Halifax 15 Swintoc 22 BAtley Mar 1 Bradrori 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh ... away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup lie

LAIME STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. GUITARS, VIOLINS, &C. Special Offer.—Gparanteed ITALIAN IMANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside. R"‘' wond. ornamentPd ; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid. ARCHI7II Amp SONS, ST, GEORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD - TREAT. ..rEEPOOL. Established 1848.

..,up 118 _ Semifinal Cup Tie 19 Champions V. Reit 26 Final Cup Tie ,-- 111/ V\...,„.......=:- = ,t' • ,;,!, .

===== 0002601_19010927_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
i?fc •

1,,

111, , . , I t ,N. q: II , , la i,- i ~. :.,. .. . . , , .. , , .t. , . .. ~ . . 111 1 I ; : , . , .

===== 0002601_19010927_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

, ,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'A

===== 0002601_19010927_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES.

THE GIRLS' GUILD ORGANISING SECRETARY.

Mrs. Charlotte Benham has been appointed t Secretary of the Girls' Guild Committee of the National Council. Mrs. Benham has been -engaged in religious work for a great many years, and has especially distinguished herself in connection with the Sunday School Union. She enters upon her new duties with the greatest enthusiasm, and with many qualifications for the work, not the least of which is her ardent sympathy with girls and her interest in their lives. We understand that Mrs. Benham's im- mediate duties will be to assist in the organiing of Guilds all over the country, and to nurture them during their infant existence, and to watch over their careers with guidance and suggestion. It is expected that, during the Autumn and Winter, Guilds will be formed all over the • country in connection with the National Free Church Council. This Guild movement is an integral part of the work of the National 'Council.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRYING AND BAPTISED PERSONS.

A Baptist country pastor has written to us, -saying that the other day he performed the marriage ceremony for a couple who had been refused it by the High Church vicar, because they had not been baptised. The vicar ex pressed his readiness to grant their wishes if they would submit to the ceremony of baptism, but they refused, and hence the sequel. We are informed by Mr. J. Bamford Slack, 8.A., the legal adviser of the National Pree Church Council, that it is 'illegal for a clergyman to refuse to marry unbaptised persons, provided they are his parishioners.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
NO FREE CHURCH WOMAN NEED APPLY.

In a Yorkshire local paper there appeared re- cently an advertisement for a chief nurse at the North Riding Asylum. It stated that the occupant of the post must be experienced and a member of the Church of England. This is a matter which requires looking into, not only on its own • account, but because there is a suspicion that . similar stipulations are made by asylum authorities all over the country. The asylum in question is supported by the county rates, . and the ratepayers are certainly not all Angli- cans, and indeed in that part of the country the probability is that the majority of them are Nonconformists. If these offices are to be limited to Anglicans, surely Nonconformists should not be called upon to pay rates in sup- port of them.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENT MeKINLEY.

Nonconformists may, without offence, claim to have had a special interest in President McKinley. He was a Methodist, and in his temperament, disposition, and manner of life, strongly recalled the old Puritans. His death occurring while the Methodist CEcumenical Conference was meeting in London had a solemnising effect upon that ceremony. The great calamity may be said to have covered its entire proceedings. Dr. Frank M. Bristol, who was the minister of President McKinley's church at Washington, was among the delegates - and spoke in the highest terms of the great- hearted and simple-hearted statesman. Presi- dent McKinley attended church regularly, and liked to sit in his own pew unobserved. It is interesting to note that his successor is also a man of deep religious character, and an active local preacher among the Methodists and other communities.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCH SCHOOLS.

The October Free Church Chronicle contains a brief but interesting ar.ticle On the Free Church Schools which have just been opened in Bournemouth. In one part of that town there, is a deficiency of unsectarian accommoda- tion, and, unhappily, there is no prospect of a School Board. 1/1 these ciroumstances, the Free Churchmen have set about the task of

!erecting schools for themselves. They are still In considerable debt, but they have been opened, and the attendance iS now over 300. The example of Bournemouth may be com- mended to other Free Church Councils throughout the country which find themselves in a similar situation. The article has two rather striking illustrations.

'-THE CHURCH CONGRESS AND, NONCONFORMITY.

The Church Congress is to meet at Brighton this year early in October. We are pleased to hear that the Congress has consented to receive an address from the Sussex Federation of Free Church Councils, of which Mr. J. Compton Rickett, M.P., is the President. Mr. Rickett is a very fitting person to convey the good wishes of Brighton and Sussex Free ChUrchmen to' Anglican visitors. .While himself a sturdy Nonconformist, he is bound by intimate family ties to the Anglican Church, and he very fre- quently emphasises the statement that the Free Church Federation movement has nothing but goodwill for the Anglican Church as a spiritual society.

FREE CHURCHMEN AND PRESIDENT MeKINLEY. There was a crowded congregation at the Memorial Service to President McKinley, which was held at the City Temple under the auspices of the National. Free Church Council. The service throughout, which was of a united character, Was most impressive, Dr. 'Parker was the preacher, and his sermon was most striking, the subject of which being Anarchism, dealing with "The Beginning and the Springs of Evil." He toolitas his text, "But let none of you suffer as a murderer, o. as a thief, Gr. as --an evil-doer, or as a busy-body in other men's matters." The. Revs. Dr. Monro-Gibson, Dr. Townsend, Thomas Law, J. Scott Lidgett, M.A., H. B. Kendall,. 8.A., and Gipsy Smith also assisted in the service. The beautiful solo from " The Messiah" was delightfully rendered by Miss Stanley Lucas.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. CLIFFORD.

Dr. Clifford was to have taken part in the United Free Church Memorial Service for the late President McKinley at the City Temple, but, owing to an unfortunate accident, he was kept away. We understand that Dr. Clifford rather seriously injured himself while coming downstairs in his house, but he is now making good progress, and very soon, we hope, will resume his normal activity. Dr. Clifford must be the most energetic man in the world. For- tunately, too, he possesses a good stock of health and a most buoyant, elastic disposition. Re can do the work of three men with joy and 'ease.

THE MOST NUTRITIOL;Z;.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
E P PS'S

QFATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

a REAKFAs Tt—s u PPEFL'

MORE STREET BETTING CASES.

Strong Remarks by the Mayor.

;Full Penalties Imposed.

Operations Watched Through Field Glasses

Two more bookmakers appeared at the Wariington Police Court on Monday, and were fined the maximum penalty for frequenting streets for betting purposes. Considerable interest centred in the cases, the court room being crowded. The magistrates on the Bench were the Mayor (presiding), Alderman Heaton and Messrs Birchall, Hayward, ‘Vrieht and Thornton. In the first case Patrick Fallon, 34, New...oad, Latchford, was charged with having on August 28:h and Septem- ber 19:h and, other dates between frequented and used Knutsford-road for the purposes Of betting, contrary to toe byelaws of the borough. Mr Steel s pp(ared for th 3 defendant and pleaded not guilty. The Chief Constable said the defendant had been. well known to the police for years as a bookmaker. On August 28th he was seen by P.C. Clough in Keutsford- road. He took a slip of paper and money from a person and made a note. On September 14th he was seen by Detective Forster about the same place to take a slit) of paper and money, and on September 17, 18. and 19 a man named James Itee on the instigation of himself (the Chief Constable) r.ade bets with him. On the last' namtd date a well known tradesman saw defendant take slips from other persons. P.C. Clough said he had been instructed to watch the defendant. He knew him well as a betting man. Mr Steel said this was not evidence. Whatever the police knew the defendant had not been summoned before. They could not know he was a betting man except in the broad sense of the term. The Mayor : The Chief Constable will be prepared to accept him in the broad sense of the term. (Laughter). We will not take any notice of the officer's remark. P.C. Clough continuing,said that at 12 15 on Wednes- day, August 28:h, he was in Knutsford-road and saw the defendant on the footpath opposite the bedstead works. He saw him take money and a slip of paper from a man and make a note of it. When they saw him they ran down an entry leading to Bakehouse-yard. Defendant had two scouts out and it was difficult to get near him.—Cross-examined : He was not hiding. Be was walking up the road. He was not more than twenty yards away when the slip and money changed bands. Be could .aot say what was on the slip. He saw the money. He assumed it was a Id,t because of the ' defendant's conduct and the fact that he ran down the entry. Mr Steel : If a man takes some money and runs down an entry he is:betting. That is your evidence. Detective Forster said that at half-past one nn Satur- day, September 14th, be was walking alone Knutsford- road in the direction of the town. He saw the defendant and two other men standing on the footpath. Defendant was writing something in a book. He (witness) was about two or three yards from them and saw one of the men hand defendant a piece of silver and a slip of paper. He (witness) could not get close enough to get hold of it. Fallon bolted down an entry. Between the dates mentioned in the charge he had seen the defendant in this neighbourhood almost every time he passed. Mr Steel : Why didn't you arrest him ? Witness : Be put the money and papers away'. Mr Steel : Did you make any attempt to get held of him?

Witness : I did not. Continuing, he said one of the mem "gave him away." The Chief Constable : You know you have no cower to arrest under the bye-laws. Witness : Yee.

A local tradesman said he was walking aloe g Keets- ford-road at twenty minutes to one on Septemner 19-h, and Saw three men, one of whom was the defendant. Be had seen the defendant many times. He was quite close to them when he saw a woman approach and a coin passed between her and defendant He had seen defendant there frequently between the dates men- tioned and had seee him take slips. Henry Taylor. Police Court Missionary. said he was ct cling slowly along Knutsford-road on September 3rd with Inspector Hackett and his brother, and saw a woman give the defendant a piece of paper and some money. Defendant wrote momething on a piece of paper which he neld against the wall in a passaee I Mr Steel ; As far as Tot' could tell the woman might Faye been lending him sorne money, and be might have been wilting on 10.81 (Laughtsr.) James Rose. a cab driver. living at 58. Pinner's-brow, paid that on September 17th he saw the defendant in Knuieford-road. He asked him what he wrmhi lay against a certain horse, and defendant replied " Start- ing price." He (witness) put a shilling on the horse. He pave defendant a slip of paper with the name of the horse and the handicap written upon it. The horse won. On September 18th be had a shilling on a horse named Anxious Moments, which also won. On Septem- list 18th he beard a woman say to defendant" What time is it run ?" Be (witness) put a shillirg on Gime Hen, and it ran second.—Cross.examined : He made the bets at the instigation of the police. Hie eon wrote the name of the horse. Mr Steel With regard to the woman you heard ask what time it was run. She might have been referring to the 'nue, might she not? (Laughter.) Continuing Mr Steel said he was sore the magistrates were des'inus 'of ,osieting the Chief Constable in putting down street beeting,hut he was confident they would convict no one unless he case was clearly proved. The 'mug of proving the case rested with the police, and they had to prove that the defendant frequented and used this street for the purposes of betting. If they proved that he bad meet the street for the purposes of betting that was not suithient. If they proved that he frequented it that wpa rot sefficient. They must prove that he both used and frequented it. He submitted that the evidence in this ease wtst not conclusive. There was no doubt from the evidence ef Rose that he had used the street. There was no evidence that he bad frequented it. The witnesses said they saw slips passing but they could not Fee what was on the slip. It was not proved that defendant had both frequented and used the street. He meat express his eurprive that Detective Forster did not hold the man and PPP What' was nit the slips. . .

The Chief Constable Hp had no nnwer. Mr Birchall I there so much difference Mr Steel between frequenting and using ? Mr Steel : There is. Using means the taking of a. single bet. Frequenting means being there for some considerable tine and on more than one date. The Chief Constable : Do you contend that three times does not constitute frequenting ? Mr. Steel: I do.

_ The Mayor, after consultatiOn with his collesiguss, said they considered the case fully proved, end they would impose the maximum penalty (£5) and the costs. He did not know whether it was possible. but it seemed to him that if in future cases the Chief Constablf, could bring forwsrd instead of a comprehensive charge,separ- ate and distinct charges the Bench would be disposed to inflict the full penalty for each separate offence. A fine of £5 did not seem to be of any moment to these people. The magistrates were determined to assist tke Chief Constable in putting down this scandalous conduct in the streets. Personally he had no'sympathy with a class of men too idle and too something else to earn an honest living, but who sought to exist on the weak ells- ceptibilities of men who had no money to spare. The magistrates would do all they could to purify and clear the town of this abominatVe pest. The Chief Constable : I shall bear your Worship's suggestion in mind. The penalty with the cot s amounted to £6 3;. . . _ _ .

Annie Mather, 16, Friars-green,was then charged with frequenting and using Friars-lane for the purposes of betting on September 12th and September 20:h and other dates between. Sto was further charged with frequenting and using Friars-green for a similar purpose on September 20th. Mr Steel represented the defendant and pleaded not. guilty. The Chief Constable having briefly stated the facts of the case. Mr Steel after consulting with bis client p'eaded guilty to the first charge and not guilty to the second. P.C. Clough said that on September 20:h he watched the defendaet in Friars-green from a quarter past twelve until two o'clock. Be saw her take slips and money from fifty persons—men women and children. Be knew several of the people. Mr Steel : Where did you watch from ? The Chief Constable objected to the question, on the ercund that the di3closure would deteat the ends of justice. Ele raid Mr Steel had previously pressed the point and bad been overruled. Mr Steel said the magistrates were bound to know, in order to judge. In other placei evidence of this sort bad

Something for : OTHERS v. 4 • EVERY CHILI) born into the world with an inherited or early developed tendency to ciis- tressing, disfiguring humours of the skin, scalp, and blood, becomes an object of the most ten- der solicitude, not only because of its suffering but because of the dreadful fear that the disfig- uration is to be lifelong and mar its future happiness and vrosperity. Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of such afflicted children to ,acquaint -themselves with the best, the purest, and most effective treatment available. Warm baths with CUTICITTLA SOAP to cleanse the skins gentle applivations Of CUTICURA OltmeUt. to heal the t.llll, folluwed in the severe cases by mild doses of CITTICL: CA ResoLvsicT, afford instant and grateful relief, speedy cure, and leave nothing to be desired by an.lliolls parents. Price. Tot SET. fls;er SOA POO.; 01IPTMENT. 2s. ed.,. Rare!.. VI:NT. 2,11. Bold by all Chemists. or postpaid by Nawasrl boos. London, E. C. POTTS,: COX?, Props., Boston, U.S.A.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
'IIIE EXAMINER ERL >AY, SEPTEMBER 27 1961

been ruled admissible and the police had had to answer the question. The Mayor said the officer swore he htel seen certain things done, and if he disclosJJ the positim in which he was there was no doubt it would be used by the people carrying on the business to prevent the possi- bility of them being watched from the same place in the tuture. They all knew, as business men of common ser se, that the enormous, almost insurmountable difficulty the police had in bringing home these noes would be made sm much greater by such a disclosure that they could not do further work in this direction. In the interests of justice and law the Bench ought not to allow queotions to be put which would have the effect of weakening th, hands of the police. Mr Steel said the difficulty he was in was that Miss Mather denied having taken a bet on Friars-green. The magistrates had to judge between P.C. Clough and Miss Mather. lie was entitled to know, and the magistrates should know, where Clough was, in order to judge whether or not he had made a mistake. .

The Mayor : With all re=pect to you, we do not think that is the object of your client in obtaining the information. It is as much for the purpose of detest- ing the possibility uf I urther prosecution, anti that we shall not lend ourselves to. . .

By Mr. Steel: When he saw the slips pa=sing he would be 100 yards away, but he used a pair of opera glas=es, which brought thins-3 nearer. (L tughter.) Torre was no building between himself and Miss Mather. He looked directly into the street. He (P.C. Clough) did not know what was on the slips. He had known for months the men who had gone to 'Miss Mather. One day he saw a man give her about 6; 61. The money Was counted into her hands. It appeared to be shil- ings ; the coil's much resembled shillings. He had warned Mies Mather since she was last before the Court. He gave her no warning on the days he was watching her. She would go a few yards up Jolley's-court as if she were on the alert for the police. He had seen her take a slip and money on Friars'-green. She seemed to be on the footpath. By the Chief Constable: The glasses he used were powerful field glasses. Thomas Bohan, 'bus driver, King-street, said he had not been instigated by the police to make bets. On the 20th inst he did not make a bet, but he "took Miss Mather an errand with money in it. Tne message Was given to him by a bit of a lad in Stockton Heath." The Chief Constable said he would have to treat the witness as hostile. Witness said he had to deliver the message to Miss Mather. He had dons so on other occasions.. The Mayor : Did you know that you were carrying beta ..for people ?

Witness : Yes, sir. The Chief Conatable : You are the 'bus driver from Stockton Heath ? Witness : Yea, sir. Joseph Lucock said he had taken to Miss Mather sometimes 61, sometimes is. He cid not know any of the peaple's names. He " took a piece of paper with money wrapped in it.'' H-3 knew the money was "to back horses."

Mr Steel, for the defence, 'said Miss Mather vaould admit that she did bet ; she had, in fact, been fined for betting in that court, bit she had never taken a bet on Friar's-green. And the police wgidence failed to prove that she had done so. Tie second case ought to be dismissed against her. With regard to the first case he could not urge very much in mitigation, but he should like to remind the Bench that Mr Jusfice Haw- king had refused to convict in cases of this description. at d also Mr Justice Kennedy. They said that as long as betting was allowed in the clubs and among the better class people that it wodld be creating one law for the rich and one for the poor to prosecute the latter. In the second case the evidence was not strong enough to convict. .

The Chief Constable asked Cough if he could see any other place except Friar's-green from where he was ? Mr Steel did not think that was a fair question to put. The Mayor : You saw 50 people from the place where you were, and they gave slips in some easos, and in some cases slips and money. Were the people in Friar's—green or in this lane called Jolley's yard or in any other yard ? P.C. Clough : Close o Concors shop on Friar's- green. I could .es all along Frialor-green. The Mayor: You could see JolLy's yard where you were ?

Witness : One part of it. The Mayor: The portion that comes on to Friars. green ? Witness : Yes, air. The Mayor: Were you in a position of north, south, east or west of Jolley.'s yard? Alderman Heaton: I don't thick I should RA that question. Witness: I was on the Latchford side. The Mayor: Then he could see the whole of Friuli% grer n. Miss Mather, the defendant, was then called and, in answer to Mr. Steel, said she had never taken any bets on Friars'-green in her life. The Bench came to the decision to fine in both cases the maximum penalty.

The fine amounted to £ll 15i. Miss Mathu paid the money.

toP _

her duty. They bad heard of late much about the soldier and his bravery, but let them not forget that there were no more brave soldiers in the army of humanity than amongst the ranks of the nurses, who went out from day to day to do battle with suffering and with the wants of the poor, not only in homes which were well ordered out in homes where dirt brought disease and where want hastened the progress of the disease. (Applause). Of all the changes in the 19.11 century—that wonderful century whicn had brought about so many improvements and so many things which did not seem to be improvements—one of the most remarkable was the chi nee in the status of the nurse. They would no eloute: remember having read of Dickens' immortal Mrs Gatrip, who was an example of the nurse in olden times, and not a caricature. But that state of things bad happily been altered, thanks to Florence Nightingale and others, and the status which the nursing profession enjoyed to—day enabled some of the best and noblest of women to be'ong to it and to be proud of that fact. (Applause). Toe nurse now spread healing and hght in many a poor and rich house, and the old state of things had been changed in an in- credibly short space of time. Instead of the old nurse in the shape of Mrs Gump, a terribly dirty person, they had now the light-fingered,light-footed,smiling,, cheerful ' nurse to whom so many owed a deep debt of gratitude. It seemed to her that a charity like this did not need any eloquence. She noticed in the report that of tba persons attended 176 were housewives. They would be able to appreciate the assists-ice which the ClJrses were able to give to such patients and she hoped those who were present that night would make up their minds to further help this excellent charity and thus mitigate suffering and bring to many a shadow-burdeaed home God's best blessing—recovered health. (Applause). Toe Camaisiali said he was sure they would all be very pleased to hear the superintendent, Miss Whitfield.

PERFECT DiGESTION - is the key-note of content- ment. Both are ensured by the regular use of , SEIGELS 11UP "For thirty years I suffered from indigestion—chest pains and extreme heaviness after meals—and had to rigorously diet myself. I am now 64 , years of age, and, thanks to Seigers Syrup, enjoy better health than since I was 28 years old. .7/ants nyzns, 175, New Hey Rd. Wakefield Road, Bradford, 21/2/00,"

===== 0002601_19010927_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE THE VOTERS' LISTS.

The annual revision court for the townships of Penketti, Sankey, Bold and Cuerdley in the Newton Division was conducted by Mr J T Fused, revising barrister. Mr II B Shores appeared for the Liber.ls and Mr W Holland Owen and Mr W Mawdslev for the Con- servatives Messrs James liougnton,Bold, James Wright, Cuerdley, Joseph Smith, Grett Stnkev, and E Fser Penkttli, (assistant overseers) were also present. The Conservatives entered four Claims and three objections and the Liberals three otjecnons. The business was of a purely formal character. The Court was resumed at the Warring'on Police Court in the afternoon, when the lists for Warrington, Rixton, Poulton-with-Fearnbearl, and Padgate were re- vised. The assistant overseers present were—Mr W Woodcock (Warrington), Mr S:ubb3 (Rixton), and Mr F Wright (Padgate). For Warrington there were 29 claims and 31 objections. CLERGYMEN'S VOTES.

Tbe Conservatives claimed an ownership vote for the Rev J II G Elollingworth, for the Vicarage of St Barna- bas, Lovely-lane. Mr SHORES asked whether any part of the benefico wa 'erived from land.

Mr BOLLINGW3RTH said the incoms C 31119 from the Ecclesiastical:Cram:M.lB.o[l(l.r arid feel.There:was nothing derived from land, that he knew of. The REVISING BARIG.TER : lam afraid that does not give you a vote.., Tnere must be some certain fixed emolument arising out of the laud. Mr OWEN said there was the vicarage land. Mr Hollingworth bad the use of tbe vicarage for .life. . _

Mr B'HORES said hi had not the fee simple. He could not dispose of it. The REVISING BARRISTER : He has it for life though. He need not have a disposal interest. Upon that point the vota will h. al;owed.

The Rev W Pollo^k Hill, Padgate, and the Rie E P Wetherhed, Hollintare, were also allowed ownership votes.

OTHER OWNERSHIP VOTE 3.

Ownership votes were also obtained by Sir Gilbert Greyish, Mr Charles White, Dr Joseph, the Rev Joseph Howard,Wareham, D3rset, Mr George Milllngton,lngle- side.Wimhleclon Park. Surrey, and Mr Thomas Milling- ton, 11, BlackfriarE-ttrect,Mancheste% Alderman Shaw Green appeared for the two last named gentlemen and said they were the owners of cottages, a workshop and the "Star and Garter" Inn,in St Austin's Ward. The other business was of a formal character.

PUTTING THE CLOCK BACK;—An amusing scene took place lately at a performance of Wallace's " rid,eritana " by a provincial company. In one scene of this opera much depends upon a clock, under which the principal characters collect and sing a ditty concerning the onward march of time, which none can stay. The clock, however, which is worked by a " super " behind the stage,on this occasion failed to do its duty properly. and while the actors duly sang their comments on fleeting time and the rapid approach of the dread hour, the bands moved slowly backwards.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON DISMICI NURSING ASSOCIATION.

Annual Meeting.

The Council Chamber at the Town Hall was filled on Monday evening with ladies and gentlemen interested in the Warrington District Nursing Association on the occasion of the fourth annual meeting of the institution. Mr F Monks(the hon treasurer and founder of the associa- tion) was vored to the chair. ThEr3 were also present : —The Revs EC E Carleton and John Yonge. the Revs Fathers Whittle and Wilson, Alderman M 'ink., Mr J Dutton Filenlough (one of the bon secretaries), Drs Fox and Guest Gornall, and Messrs John Fairclough, R A Naylor, Gorge Thompson, George Wallingtoo, W Beswick, as well as a large numbA of ladies,including Mrs Allen Bright, who delivered an address on the benefits of the association.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMITTEE'S REPORT.

The fourth annual report of the committee was pre- sented as follows :—" The committee have much pleasure in submitting their report for the fou• th year's work, which continues to be very satisfactory. The thanks of the committee are due to all the subscribers and those public bodies whose contributions have made so welcome and substantial an addition to the funds. For details of work done the committee refer subscribers and others to the superintendent's report, which speaks for itself, and indicates the number and variety of the cases visited. A reference to the tressurei's report will show the necessity for new and increased financial sup- port if the society is to continue & work commensurate with the needs,of the town. During the year a sixth nurse (Miss Eaton) has been added to the staff, which is now very efficient and capable. The home was vi.ited tw Miss Armstrong, the official inspector of glen Victoria's Jubilee Institute for Nurses, on December 14th, and the secretary writes and states that tile result of her inspection was ' very satisfactory.' To the superintendent and nurses our warmest thanks are due for their untiring devotion to their duties and the efficient manner in which they are discharged."

===== 0002601_19010927_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VINANCIAL STATEMENT• -

TVe TRELSIIREFCS report read :—I beg tn Flubmit the accounts tor the year ending June 30th, 19D1, showine an increase from all sources over last year of £l9B 4s 41. _ .

Last year. This year. £ s. d. s. d. Subseri pt one Congregational Collections 10 7 7 ... 59 12 8 Colleted by Indivicim.la 51) 8 ... 6 7 9 From Public Donations - 168 9 10 From Private Donations

===== 0002601_19010927_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
£625 18 3

£427 13 1.1

It is very desirable to see tne subscription list very much enlarged, and not to depend to such an exteat as at present upon private donations. Pisto be regretted that so few congregations mike collection in aid of the funds. Surely the work of the association deserves the support of all religious bodies. The £625 183 31 includes special donations of £145 for furnisning and alterations, leaving £4BO 183 31 as the income for the year against £550 required to maintain efficiently a staff of six trained nurses.—F. MONKS, treasurer."

SUPERINTENDFNT'S REPIRT.

The Superintendent (Miss WHITFIELD;. in her report said :—Ttie following specimens of grateful letters re- ceived may interest subscribers, and serve to show that the association fulfils the objects of its existence, viz., to be of help and comfort to the poor of the town in the time of their sickness and sorrow :—" December 3rd, 1900. Dear Miss Whitfield and Staff,—lt gives megreat pl -saute to wrice these few lines to you all. I think it my duty to do so on this occasion, and the least I can do is to thank you must sincerely for your kind and skil ful nursing of me during my long illness, which has ex- tended over two years, as only those that has been under your care is able to judge t such services ren- dered to a poor working man, and all honour to those that has brought about such an institution for the nursing of th 3 sick poor of Warrington. Hoping at the same time God will give you and staff of nurses health and strength to continue and carry for ward the good work you are doing for merry a year to come. —Thanking you with all my heart--" June 7 h, 1900. Dear Miss Whitfi4d,—Allow me to offer you my grateful thanks for the great assistance and kindness I received from the nurse 'uring my son's illness. I would have written earlier but I have been waiting in hopes to have been able to send a small donation. I am at present unable to send, but never shall I forget the devotion of the nurses to my boy. Once again thanking you, and praying that yeu may have long years of health and happieess to carry on your noble work. --." " July 19th. 1901. Dear Madame,—l cannot refrain from tendering my sincere thanks for the very many acts of kindness you heye shown to my late dear wife, the great attention you have paid to her, and which has been the means of giving great comfort in such a trj ing illness. I return herewith the various articlss you have so kindly lent, and also 104 towards the home, as a little acknowledgment of what you have done for my dear wife. I regret not being in a position at the present time to better show my appreciation of your institution, the good worth of which wilt never be forgotten by me." The following is E. summary of cases :-367 new cases ; 36 cases visited once only ; 14,10 visits paid. Result of Cases nursed :--Convales- cent or relieved. 209 ; transferred to hospital or infir- mary, 19 ; died, 96 ; removed from books for other causes,7 ; still on books (June 30th 1901), 36,7t0tal 367. By whom sent in :—Medical men, 208 • *cnedir3el men requested by patients er friends, 53 ; *clergy, minis- ters and visitors, 28 ; *oationts, o. friends applied, 59 ; *found by nurses, 14-367. (*Nursed only with the consent of the medical man in attendance). The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the repor's, said they spoke for themselves, and he was satisfied that a visitation of 14,000 cases must. have done a vest amount of good in the town. With reference to the financial report he could only repeat what he had already said in that room, that he hoped in course of time the association would be'self-upporting, and that they would be able to increase the number of nurses as the town irc^eased in pcpulation. (Hear, hear.) What the association meant to the working people of the town he would leave toose present to real,zo for themselyee, but when a working man was disabled by illness from attending to his work there was a serious drain on the tes mrcee,of the family. From what he heard from all sources he was satisfied that the association was doing a very great work. (Hear, hear) He had received a letter from the Rev E R Tarbuck, in which he said : " I have had almost daily eeperience of the good done by the nurses since I have been in Warrinetnn. I feel sure my congregation will always lo their best te -sup- port the asEociation. I tru.t you will have a good meeting to-night." (Applause). ' The Rev. Father Wiesom neemded the motion and remarked that the reports appeared to be very eiatisfac- tory, especially the reference to the fact that during the year a six h nurse had hems added to the staff. Even now the nurses were overworked. The work of the association only needed to be more widely known, in order to obtain a more generous response to the pecun- iary appeals for assistance. Those connected with the association could do something to make the Associa- tion more widely known by circulating the annual reports amongst their friends and acquaintances.

ADDRESS BY MRS. ALLEN BRIGHT. Mrs. ALLEN BRIGHT (Liverpool) spoke in support of the resolution, and referred to the satisfactory character of the report. They had, however, the universal com- plaint so far as reoorta were conc.erned-w-rnore subscrip- tions were required. Anyone with a slight acquaint- ance of Warrington, sueh as she had had, must see that there most be a great need for sick nursling, as a great deal of poverty and distress existed. Unfortunately, in the Southern part of Lancashire, the inhabitants were prone to all kinds of lingering illnesces, which celled for alleviation. Charities in her opinion, be divided into two classes—those which did a great desl of good and very little harm, and those which did a great deal of harm and not much good. Amongst the latter she included indiscriminate giving, Sue would be afr...id to say how much money was thiown away by giving to the beggar at the door without any trouble being taken to investigate the case.No doubt excellent work was done in the industrial schools or training homes by the removal of children from dangerous surroundings, and by bringing them up so that they might be useful citizms ; but, on the other hand, there was this dis- advantage—they removed from the parents the last lingering spark of individual responsibility. It might 'be said that hospitals were open to no objection, but she had been told 147 her medical friends that those institutions were often .u.sed by those who could I well afford to Pay for the patient to be treated !at home, and the result was that there was ! a pauperizing of the people. In the case of ! the Nursing Association, however, they had a ' charity that was Fareguardc.d. The cases were sent directly by the doctor or with the leave of the doctor, and the medical profession had no cause of complaint. Therefore, she Might claim for this charity the rare dis- tinction of being entirely ben,floial, not only beneficial to the individual who fell under the nurse's care, but to the community at large, because they must not forgot Chat a patient that was promptly and properly attended to was the sooner convalescent ; sometimes it meant even the difference between life and death,because how- ever ski!fui a doctor might be he could do nothing in a serious illness unless he was supported by the purses. (Hear, hear, and epplause.) A knowledge of sanitation and the means of preserving health was spreading. Every nurse who went into the world to (to her duty,aS they all did, was a health missionary, and introduced a knowledge of sanitation where it was badly needed. She brought it sometimes to the flanges of the rich, where it was equally as much needed as in the houses of the poor. Ibis charity was carrying on one of tne best and most beneflCial works that any of God's creatures could engage in. She admitted that at first a prejudice did exist against the nurse, but when the patient knew her she was truly thankful for her services. There was one point to which she wished to draw particular attention, and that was that the life of the district nurse was a hard one. She was brought face to face with heartrending scenes, ignorance, want and terrible destitution. She bad to create order out of chaos, and bad to face a want of the barest necessities of life. She went forth bravely from day to day doing

===== 0002601_19010927_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARK EY THE SUPERINTENDENT.

Min WHITFIELD, the superintendent said she had listened with very great pleasure to what had bean said by Mrs Bright, whose words had touched a responsive chord in her heart ; especially her reference to the dis- advantages under which the poor people laboured when they were ill. Many of the housewives were leit when they were ill quite dependent on their little children who were unable to cook even a rice pudding or a little fish for their sick parents ; but if the people of Warrington who had money would start a sort of invalid kitchen it would b 3 a great hoc, and also b 3 a great help to the nutsaa in the work in which they were engaged. The life of the nurse was a hard one. Apart from the phy- sical side, they always seemed to be living behind toe scenes, and saw the seamy side. They sometimes felt that everywhere there was sickness, dirt and drunken ness, and the result was that sometimes they became very depressed. At the Same than the knowledge the,: they were able to help the sick served to make their work much less hard. (Applause ) Mr R A NAYLOR in supoortiog the resolution said he had heard so much of ttie Christian work that was being done by the nurses in Warrington that it was a great pleasure to him to rise even at a moment's notice to say bow very greatly he appreciated what they had done for the poor people of Warrington. The lady (Mrs Bright) who had delivered such an able address had said that the nurses had ben described by someone as "fallen angels." (Laughter.) Well, he (Mr Naylor) hriped the heavens might open and let a few more of those angels down. (Arplauae.) Be supposed they owed a debt of gratitude to the chairman, as it was owing to an inspiration on his part that the association had been fouerieJ. He acted upon the impulse which came upon him, and the people of Warrington were under a debt at gratitude to him. Be noticed from the report that Mr Monks had been extremely generoustand that he hal given an extra donation of £BO. If it had not been for his kindness the institution Would have been sadly in debt. Be congratulated Mr Monks upon the success which bad attended his ff iris, and hoped the institution would receive additional support in the future, as the people became better acquainted with the fact that it was one of the best works—he was not speakMg without having gone into the matter—they had in Warrington. He should place the Nursing Association at the top of the tree,because it was putting Christianity into a practical form. It was a real practising of Christianity. 'Th3 Author of C oristiani ty went about doing good to the bodies and souls of men, and the nurses followed in His footsteps. (Applanse.) The resolution was then put to the meeting aud carried.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICER..

The Rev E C E CARLETON moved the re-election of the following officers for the ensuing year :—President : —Lord Li!ford ; vice-presidents, the Mayor, Rev Cancrs Willis, Mr F Monks (with power to add to their num- ber) ; secretaries, Mrs John Fairclough and Mr .1 Datton Fairclonh ; treasurer, Mr F Monks ; committee of management, Mesdames Armitage, Broadbent, Carleton, Fairclough, John Fair,dough, Fox, Garnett. Harrison, Monks, Roberts. Yonge, Miss M4ssey, the Rev E C E Carleton, Mr J Fairclough, Mr Fanshaw, Dr Fox. Dr Joseph, Dr Langdale, the Rev F E Powell, Mr John Roberts, Mr G Thompson, Mr John White, the Rev Father Wilson,and the lif.v John Yonge; superintendent, Miss Whitfield.

Mr GEORGE THOINIP3ON seconded, and expressed the opinion that it would not be possible to obtain better ~fficers, and he had hxd some knowledge of the work of the association. Mr Monks had done a great deal o f work for the institution, and i: was not fair that he should be called upo3 at the end of tho official year to pay such a large'surn:as £BO to make ends'meet.Last year he gave £35. He (the speaker) appealed to the public to come torward and support the institution and make it self-supporting ; as it was doing a great and a good work, (Flear,hear,and applause.) Tne motion was carried. THANKING THE NIIRSES•

The Rev J YONGE proposed a vote of thanks to the nurses for their earnest, faithful and loving services. Going about as be did and as other clergy and ministers did amongst the sick he continually heard expressions of the profoundest gratitude to these ladies ; indeed one almost wondered what the sick poor did before the nurses came. It was a matter for groat thankfulness that the inspiration came to Mr Monks to start the institution, which had beyond all manner of doubt done a large amount of good in various parts of the town. Mr Monks would be more encouraged if all those who sympathised with the work of the institution would be a little more pract!cal and respond a little more spontaneously to the appeal which was made on its behalf. It was one ot these, institutions that ought net to need begging fez'. The very fact of ' its existence and their knowledge of its efficiency ought to be a recommendation itself. The committee would be osly too pleased to carry out Miss Whitfield's sugges• tion respecting the provision of an invalid food kitchen, it the public of Warrington would provide the means. (Bear, hear ) Mr Jams FAIRCLOUGH seconded, and the CELIIRMAN supported the motion, which was heartily agreed to. Miss WHITFIELD responded on behalf of herself and colleagues, and said that such a meeting as that was very encouraging. She tbriught art effort might be made to get subscriptions from some of those who received benefits from the nurses' visits. Tnere were many who could web afford a small subscription, but the nurses did not care to ask for it See thought some means could be devised whereby people who were in tairly good circumstances might be asked to make some return for the services of the nurses.

VOTES OF THANKS.

The CHAIRMkN nrop ,sel a vote of thanks to Mrs Bright for her excellent address. The MAYORESS, in secmding, said they all felt very much indebted to her for her kindne:s in coming so tar to speak to them, and for the abie manner in which she had spoken. She hoped the result of the admirable address would be what she wished, and what all present wished, a substantial increase in the income ot the association, and more iaterest generally in its wok. (Ariphuse.) The m non was carried, and Mrs BRIOLIT briefly returned thanks.

Dr (roc then proposed a vote of thinks to:the Chair- man, of whose work he spoke in high terms. Dr GoRNALL ucondeJ, and said he regarded the association as in a very real sense me of the most im- portant auxiliaries of the Sanitary authority of the town. (Applause.) The motion having been carried, The CHSIROIAN, in reply, said he hoped they would be able to see thcir way to • little further help to the sick poor. He was satisfied that the food they received dur- ing illness was not Altogether food they required. He hoped they might be able to establish, either through the technical instruction or cookery classes, or some other w iy, raeans by which the nurses could make a call for citaM food adapted to the requirements of the patient. That would be a step in the right direction and assist in the convalescence of many people.(Hear. hear.) On the motion of the Rev J YnNGE, seconded by Mr TnomPsoN, a onto of thanks was accorded to the Mayor for the use of the Council Chamber.

AUSTRALIA'S LITERARY TASTE.—An Australian circu- lating library has been reckoning up its readers' tastes for one year. Thackeray heads the poll easily. Bulwrr Lytton is second in pnpularity, with Sir Walter Scott close on his heels. Dickens is only fourth,and is not far ahead of Captain Marryatt and Charles Lever.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
* COMMERCIAL PRINTING

wITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH.

JOHN W ALB AND CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, RzWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. WILLIAM DI GGLE

Warring:on has this week los', a citizen whose actions made him one of the best-known men in the tJwii. At rive o'clock on Saturday morning there oassed away at his residence in Wiliis-street, Mr William Diggie, at the ripe age of 90 years. On Saturday week Mr Diggle was retirin,7, for the night, when he slipped and fell part way d)wri the stairs, and was badly shaken and bruised about the head. He was at once put to bed, and attended by Dr Joseph, but deceased seemed to gradually sink, taking na muriihment of any kind, and died as stated above. Ile leaves twa daughters.

Mr Diggle was born at Pendleto"n, near Manches- ter. and served his time to dyeing, and was for some time in business for himself, but afterwards went to Rocadale, and was engaged by the firm of Messrs Kings, cotton manufacturereof that place. In the year 1861 he came to Warrington, being engaged as managing dyer to Messrs Armit- age and Rigby's, Csickhedge Mills, and re- mained with them invil about 17 years ago, when he retired from work. Whilst at the latter firm, as was his wont, he could never see that the plant for dyeing was perfect, and was always suggesting what be termed improvements. Whether they turned out to be so or not, did not transpire, but he always found a willing ear in the person of Mr Samuel Rigby, one of the partners of the firm, who had great faith in, and respect for ttr Diggle. This mania for improvements the de- ceased carried out with great vigour outside the firm, and with very rare exceptions, he was found opposing almost everything that everybody did, not excluding the Warrington Cirporation. Up to the last he was "dead " against the Corporation Water Scheme, and vowed that the Council bad made a great mistake in not adopting what be at one time recommended, " tapping the Liverpool supply." He was sent with others to London, aud was the means of getting a clause inserted in the Bill enatling the Corporation to do this. He never seemed weary of pointing out to business men in particular that at one time there were 13 cotton mills in the town, and that now there was only one. This he always attributed to the bard- teas of the water which, he said, was unfit for , manufacturing purposes. and to back this up he Carried about with him pi'sces of pipes, choked and corroded, as results of the hardness of the water. The deceased was strongly opposed to many other schemes, including the intercepting depots, the removing of the night-soil, the Manchester Ship Canal, which he declared would never pay a divi- dend (in the latter case it has proved ouly:too true.) Mr. 'Jiggle was fond of lecturing and of rousing public opinion upon local sub3ects. On two or three I occasions the deceased aspired to be a member of ' the Warrington Town Council, and although con- testing one of the wards, never received much sup- port. He was for a short time a memher of the Board of Guardians. He was instrumental in the building of the local "House of Parliament," which is situated in the park, and where the town's busi- ness is often discussed, and a verdict given. Although very eccentric in his views, tie was a good debater, and could always hold his own in argu- ment, and no doubt his suggestions in many instances were acted upon. lie was very highly respected by all parties, and he had some weighty Hess if only he could have moulded them into shape, His remains were interred at Pendleton Churchyard, where his wife and son lie buried. Inquest. Mr. Brighouse, the comity coroner, conducted the inquest at the Police Station on Monday even- ing. Mr W J Forshaw. solicitor, represented the , relatives of the deceased.

Joseph Heron, eon-in-law of the deceased, said he was a solicitor's clerk, residing at 3, Willis-street. , Deceased was 90 years of age last birthday,and was a retired foreman dyer, and resided with witness at the above address. About half-past nine on the , night of the 11th hut. he left the kitchen to retire to bed, and when a little wsy upstairs he fell back- wards to ths bottom. Witness sent for Dr Macarthy who found him suffering from bruises at the back ,of the head. Dr Joseph, his own doctor was called in, and attended him until five o'clock on Sunday morning, when he died. Owing to his great age deceased was very feeble.—ln answer to a juror witness stated that he thought the accident would have occurred if there had been band rails in the house. Deceased was very independent in his actions.

The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

===== 0002601_19010927_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S GREAT SUMMER SALE. SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK. TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF cosr,

TOTER WITa N SXMAOUDINAIZY SPECIAL PURCEIASE OF LADIES' SIIIRTS AND BLOUSES

HENRY MILES COMPANY will Offer at Great Reduction in Prices a large parcel ot Ladies' and Children's SHIRTS and BLOUSES bought from a London Mexer for Cash at discounts varying from 33f to 50 par cent from cost prices, One of the Cheapest lots of Shirts and Blouses offered this season.

SHE WINDOWS THIS DAY,

OVER 2000, SHIRTS AND LOUSES AT ABOUT ONE-HALF REGULAR PRICES. 1 SALE PRICE IS. .1.12 D. EACH.. Zephyr. Cambric, Print and 11.111,L1N SHIRTS, in Stripes, Checks, Plaids, White and Self-Coloure, some Tucked and others Embroidered, all Perfect Goads, Usuelly 28 nil and 3s 61 each,

2 RICE S. 11, SLR P 20. EACH.

Skteen Mercerised Cloth Z3phyr, Cambric ad French PRINT SaIRTSo with or without Sailor Collars, Tucked, Embroidered or Plain Fronts, in Stripes, Checks, Floral Destns, also Self-Colours, Black or Waite, Usually 4-3 11,1 to 5311 d each.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ID. Sr PRICE 43 J 1 E&C11.

A CHARMING ASROR'MRNT OF LADIES' SILK SHIRTS, IN EVERY t3O3SIBLE SHADE, AND ALL THE NEWEST SHAPES, IN TUCKS AND FANCY STRIPES AND SELF COLOURS. MARVELLOUS VALUE FORMER PRICE 7s 11D EACH.

CHILDREN'S B LOUSES.

3 SL & PRICE 1 (1 3. l_f4D. EACIi.

GIRLS' AND BOYS' AMERICAN SAILOR BLOUSES, TAILOR MAD, BEST QUALITY DRILL. HOLLAND COLOUR. ALL SIZES, IJSUALLY 23 RAUH.

1 SALE PRICE 15. 1 _I2D. EiCH.

French CAMBRIC' SHIRTS (plaids) ; with White Linen Collars, Fast Coloars.worth 3s lid each. Striped English Print and PIQUS SHIRTS, Beauti- fully Tucked. Striped FLANNELETTE SHIRTS for Summer Wear. All are perfect in Cut and Good Qnality. Usually 25 eid. 25 llfd, and 35 lid each.

SALE PRICE 3S. .1.12 D. BACH.

Twilled FLANNEL saiwrs, Self SUdee, with Bair Cord Silk Stripr.

French DELaINE-SAIRTS,with Silk Stripe Cream ooly.

I:;ight and Dark French MUSLIN SHIRTS, Lincd Throughout, Floral De6lgnY, trunrnEd Lice and Sailor C•illar.

--Na-vi Foulard SATEEN SHIRTS, Handsomely Tucked.

These Goods are made from the Best Materials, Perfect in Cut, and finished in a superior manner, AU High-class SHIRTS, Usually saki at 63 lid and 83 lid each.

SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY.

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY,

AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE, OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDEAL) LIVERPOOL:

• BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASLLS OF ME BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities. CURES PIMPLES ON TRH FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SHIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES.

TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.--It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered Irons a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been. in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to gte it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine ttutt does what it professes to do. (Sigved) 4. P. SOLOMON...

PRICES ls. AND Is. 93. PER BOTTLE*

SULPHUR TABLErS

===== 0002601_19010927_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OF THAT

OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PRICES 6D. AND 111. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually sold.

COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

CompoJed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacom Wood, inezrreon. Root, Licorice, tc.

Cr PER PACKET.

Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed.

BOOTS VARNISFI STAINS. Give a Brilliant polish hi Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, o. btaining and Varnishing WoJdwork at one oparation.

Usual6d biz for 411,1 s EiZ9 for 81, 2s 61 51Z5 for ls 5i per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM.

Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany' arm Fiench-polished Furniture with half the usual. latiOur. • Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 6d bottle for 4d., Is. bottle for 7.1.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUS S WICK BLACK.

Will make Itonwork of the commonest kind omit— mental and give a finink to (say) the fireplace like the shine ot patent leather Douce does to a weU armed woman.

6J. size for 4d.

AIORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Cab.net Makers, Gilder and Deeora tors. Has the original brightness of GAO, easy Or application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduccd price, is. bottle for 70.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTR OR METAL POLISH Will clean every kind of Metal, Braes, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 2j. for id. Is. tins for 4d.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY

A.'II3IOSIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery,Mairrors,windows„cut glass, but escecially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, :to., from wash-boards and floors. also gool for toilet, bath, and laundry. Is. bottle for 10d., small trial size 6d.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HAT VARNISHES.

Before the great picture exhibitions In London open. comes a day which artists call varnishing day. Ihe nimble fingers Of our girl workers have also their varnishing day, when the, varnish last season's hat to do another turn—Beota fiat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the bed for this purple.

Price 40 per bottle.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST- -35. BRIDGE-STREET 5, BILIDOR-STEKEX WARRINar".

===== 0002601_19010927_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
,i " . :II , . ' ii • P 1 ' r 1 .•, . I f i ' 1 ' I 1 t,3.,i,k, ti.t.t ! )5 i ' 1.,J i C. F 1?. P I 1 ' ‘i ,4 ( 1 I i i i f 1 1' IP ~ 1 ,;e 31 i 44 i , , 1 . ; 1. t 1. 11 t 1 0 tg ~ . , , , , -1- , -1. 'i •t,, 'is, if 1 t'

I; * '44

===== 0002601_19010927_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19010927_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Etg "Opinitntr orrtts

TIE •• WARRINGTON AND MID-CIIESHIRE EII3CLNER." published every Saturday morning. T" "EA BLEST° WN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" " ST. HELENS EXAMINER," publisbed every Friday afternoon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" " IDNES Exemn Ea," published every Friday monaing.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver-

liottls, flporos, Maarilutg estabs.

pOLVYYS BAY.—Gilbertville Boarding-house, facing sea, centra:ly situated.—Mrs. JORDAN, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS fait OF DIAN, LINDSAY S BOAKDINCI- ESTABLISHMENT, Empress Drive, Central Promen- ade,and close to all places of amusement. Trams pass. Full board be. per day. Allowance dining out.

etlutattan. UHIVBitSITY SCHOOL, SOUTI3POBT.—A most succes ful Boarding School for Boys. T Isiumwoon, M.A., LL D.. D.C.L.

ISS BACKSH6EN WOOD.—TEACHEft of the VIOLIN. Lessons given at own or pupil's residence. —Yor terms apply 14. HUNTLT-ROAD, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
iisernente in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEES.

WANTEDS. TO BE LE 112 TS 8 WORDS VD., ON SALES. r And 3d fur each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PILEPAYmENT only. No adver- I, i. tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APAItTYENT9 WANTED HOUSES WANTED

APARTMENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOEND

HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

33 omtstit gptrbantg, etc.

IN,ANTED KITOHEN-EAID ; tour other servants kept. Mrs C. F. JoalisoN, Nithen. Buxton.

AvANTBD. tiooti OHNlitiaL SIIIIVANI. CLARENCE. Ints, °later-street. cf 2 Oldham-road, Manchester.

WANTED an Experienced WAITRESS, used to table good wages.—Doo AND P•RTRIDGE HOTEL. Wigan.

WANT&D good COOK-GILNESAL.—fIy letter, giving references, to Mrs Coofc, Crenft Half, near lit Helens.

WASTED at ONCE a good GENERAL SERVANT.— Apply hiRB. TILLEY, KIMBERLEY MOUNT, COIWyn Ray.

WAISITED, Young WOMAN. for farm; must be able to milk.—Thomars anntk, Gteat Oak Farm, The Oaks, near Bolton.,

WANTED superior GENERAL, good plain cook ;family four; washing sent out.—Apply 42, ALI3ERT-ROAD, Alexandra Park. Slanebester.

WANTED at once a good GENERAL ShIiVANT ; no washing —HOLLAND, 774, Aston old-road, Higher Openshaw, near Mancheater.

WAINTRD Respect Able aIiNfIRAL. 17 to 20; no washing; good waget if suitable.—apply 25, itgerton-ttoad, Chorlton-eutn-Hardy, Manchester.

A GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT. write or old! to Miss HARRIION, 6, Oldham-etreet. Manchester. Established 1862. mum

sINVID, ...OUX and RlSnilliclAlD ; situation near . . Warrington; references required ;CS and £l7.— TI. Joiromx. 8. idarson street. Wafrington.

HOUSEKEEPER, working, requires Situation to gentle- man: good cook r Mx years' refereace.—B., 43, Clifton-street, Old Trafford, J 1 anchester.

ANTED. GENRELL 17 to 20, good ebaracter required, bmieemaid kept, no children.—Mrs Po63l[oltE, 24, Seariebrick New toad. Soutbport.

ASHER.—Experienced WI )51 AN WANIED„ all year round, and to:live In ; state age ete.—LLANDIJDX 0 HIND LAUNDRY, 147, Blostyn-:treet.

WANTHD. good GEIVERAL for small family; plain cook- ing; Protestant . • wages £l4 to £I6.—LYIIDALE. Western-drive, Grassendale, Liverpool.

WANTED GENERAL under twenty; family three : no children ; no cooking; character indispeniable.-4, BEAT:FORT-ROAD, Edgbaston, Birmingham.

WANTED, GENEICALS and GIRLS, best places ; excel lent vrages.—Call or write ix Miss HAIMISON, 6 Oldham-street, Manchester, Established 1862. -IMAN

WANTISD, a respectable WOL .as Housekeeper. age from 35 to 40, for a fsmllv of four.—Apply THOMAS HARRISON, 77, Preston-roarl, Standish, Wigan.

117 ANTED experienced GENERAL ; nice (looking re- quired and good housework. Quiet situation; four in family, Wages £14.--asx LEIGH, Aughton. Ormskirk.

WANTED COOKS. HOUSEMAID IL S. WAITESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or wiite to Misa HARR/SON, 6. Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

4.lltltVarillS ! nisaVADlitti Sbh.VANTa! lOU Immediately Couks, Housemaids. Nurses. Waitresses, RltebenmaLlll. Gener ls.—Apply with stamp,GßllFlTHeaowribill Registry, Wrexbarn.

LIXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES t .L 4 moment's notice for all cases.--apply Numrs 'Nauru- TIM 70, tiope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

WANTRD, WORKING HOUSEIKERPER, one accuB- torned to turn duties where milk goes away ; prefer- ence to a middle-aged person who could milk occasionally.— J. NEWPORT, 01tenon. nutsford.

WALIVID good GENERAL or superior young person to undertake washing and cooking and assist little housework, family two, small house In country. —/Leterenvas wages. to B. Post Office, Carrington.

AATANTBD Young GICKEKAL in a family of two, where V assistance is given; age about 20; reference required; good wages for a Suitable girl.—Apply 55, DEASE-BoAD, • Kensington, Liverpool. No registry need apply.

\LB-ESTABLISHED Chip. Fish, and Green Pea buss k_f nese for Sale : good. genuine business ; buyer taught. —Apply 80, ABEL-STREET, Burnley.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta

WANTED ERRAND BOY. age 14, wage 55.—Apply " EX•MINEEt " OFFICE, Warrington.

wES ANTED.two good CAN for Investment Bonds. —Apply Box 18, •• Examiner' °Mae, Warrington.

CONFECTIONBRY.—W anted Sharp GIRL. not under 15 as apprentice, live in, good home,—H. WALMOLEY, Bradabawgate. Bolton.

WAR MRDALS wanted, dated 184 a, £2 given; also Arctic; Red River, Firket, Atbara, fdatabele,Maisnona.Fenlan Raid, &c.—Major TOMBS, Droitwieb.

'W ANTED, a good all round WHEELWRIGHT. Per- mane.nt job to steady matt, Apply 0, BLACKBURN and Sons, Oldham-ttreet, Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED to sell HarAware. Jewellery, Farnl- - tore, Clothing, goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—Bgastnew AND Co., (102), Birmingham.

QUIRT MAKBIti (thoroughly experienced) WANTED irnmediatsly for superior work ; outdoor ; constant em— ployment to practical hands.—Apply WILLIAM COATES AND 60Ni. Shirt. Jscget. Overall, .te Manufacturers, and General Manchester Wsrelousemen, Friars Gate, Bridge-street, Warrington. Established 1865.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Ea be let.

PSNXETH.—Catages 4s Od.. 3s. 9e. and PA. Se. per weak. BANK STREWS OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET; rent 4s. 3e Apply ROBERT LOWE. Betide Agett,NO.. 1 Bank-street War' rington. Telephone—No 55.

GOOD SHOP AND HoUSH tn let. No 15, NUII-Street -- Apply to WM. WINSTANLEX, Park Place, Warrington.

WO LET, GOOD SEMI-DETACEED VILLA. 2 entertain- ' ing. 4 bedrooms, bathe, etc.—Apply 37, ORFORD-ROAD, Padgate-lane, Warrington.

TO LET, STABLE and COACHHOUSE, with lofts over J large yard attached off Tannersarte.—App'T WOODS It ozc,Solicitors, 5. lioraernaritetareet, Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNIES CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. pfiLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderfal.and valuable remedy ever dis covered. 01ILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for N...) Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis and Asthma. riIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and Is the only specific in Cholera end Dysentery. CiiILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation. and Spasms. riBLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BotrI.TOW AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posse. this great advantage over all cther sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's cionsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was OHLORO- DYITE."—See Lanett. lit December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CarTlON.—Vice.-Chancenor sir W. P.asa WOOD stated that Dr. J. C0L.1.19 BRoWYE was, undoubtedly, the inventor tf "OHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant IristsmAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See :intr.'s, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. Bs. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None Is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm log Medics! testimony accompanies each bottle

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. places it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to the Public. keeps our name before them, serves to make you et it known among then', at a very small cost.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19010927_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
A PAM:Id/MTS.—Two SITTING-ROOMS. centrally situa- tecl between tbe two bays.—Mrs. BRIGGS, Claremont Crescent, 64, Castle-road, Scarborough,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TPIILACKPOOL.—nuperior House, with or without board 13uffs, Foresters, and all made most welcome.—Send for circular; PALMER, 93, Albert-road. DOUGLAS, Isle of Man,MRS BA SIFORD, Trafford House, 11, Empress Drive, APARTMENTS with or without board, near to shore and bathing ground.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
gptinks, Zusintoo.es. tit,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WHlad, Minerals, Ice Cream, Tobacco, .tc.; good reasons 0 for learing.-38. DUDLEY-ST., Hightown, Mmichester g'N BALI a good Saddlery and Harness BUSlNBSS.—Par- ticulars, apply 14, St BEDE'S-AVENUE, Blackpool.

fIOAL BUSINESS to be Disposed of going Concern .—For psrtieulars apply MEBRILVd, Ainedale, Southport,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SWEBTS. Toys and Tobacco. Ste.. Business to be Disposed of ;•£BO ; reasons for leaving —3B, OxToN-a `AD, Birken- head.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
VISH, CHIPS. and THU'S BUSINI4B lor Disposal. nice 1: fitting, good living, main thoroughtare £40.-294, REGENT-ROAD, Salford.

ON SALE, FISH, Game and Greengrocery BUSINESS; in one of the best parts of Roondale.—Adareass Box 25, 'Ex./MINES" OFFICE, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
JOUN WALKER AND CO., rAAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

IF YOU WANT POSTERS, WINDOW-BILLS, AND CIRCULARS.

CONCERTS, BAZAIRS, BALLS,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES OF WORK

TRY JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

SPECIALITY : SINGLE SHEET POSTERS, 6515. x 4515„

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY, MA:MS(OT ti POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. YOR MAHMOTPI POSTEHiS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOB CONCERTS.

PROGRAMMES OB FETES, &e. PROGRAMMES FOB BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PRINTEFG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

jOHN WALKER CO.. EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, 0489.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHAM. LANDAU. dubel. single harness in good condition cIatap.—NEARLE. Old Hall-road, Sale, Man- chester

===== 0002601_19010927_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & G.

CTION SALE BILLS AND CATALOGUES. BXCURSION POSTBRS AND HANDBILLS. may be had In a fewhonre.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
gtaleo be pribate Cam

, DILES—THEIR CAUSE AND Cali/G.—Send tor particu- lars to GRIITIsi c/o Belmont, 25. King-street West. Manchester.

LAK DT/d1 ISl.4—Country AVARTAllanit, pleasantly E situated; piano; terms moderate.—hOWLANDSON, Iroutneek. Windermere.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ABTROLOGY.--FUTUKE FORETOLD, Marriage, Chi], dren, Changes in Circumstances, Journeys, I,egacies Ruling planet, &c. Send birth date, 12 stamps and stamped envelope, Mr. LLOYD 15, Deanpark-street, Edinburgh.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
glDbarts.

eprlcs.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
alitrlass MO.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTIM, Middle-aged MAN, accustomed to farm work. A good milker.—Apply to T. QREENALL, COLIAM House, Dilworth, near Longridge.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTisll, au APYUBIiTiOIi tor IdIiLLINAUX and Sale* ; live in; no fee required.—Apply /taper:lox, lu3 and IUo, rdill•ctreet. Liverpool,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WAlsil'AJJ a Strig, TrustwLyrtlay iI.}IHL as WSNARAL ; geoA comitortakile borne; In family ; LIO chudrela ; Apply itticr 3 pan. to 04, Z.,11111 HILL IIoAD, Dingle, Liverpuol.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
QOUIHPORT.—COMFORTABLE APAIUMBNDS. Good cooking BAHICETT, 43. Batil-street.

BLELIaii'DOL. Comfortable AYAHLMHNTS, piano, near Central Station and amt.—Mrs J. lonianaan. t 9 Hornby-road.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Mrs PRESTON, 17, Palatine-road; Apart— meets. Public and Private ; near Ueutrai ntatiou and sea ; also piano.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ABBRYSTW lTki.—Corntortable AYARTME.siTh ; healthy situsttou ; bath, terms moderate--Mrs. tdiAELkS. Parity celyn, Trinity-road.

CIUMNORTABLii AYritaxtlitiTa ; PUBLIC and PuIVATII, near sea and tram; bath.—Mrs YRIDGEON, bpen House, Cavendisb-road, Morecambe, W.h.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CisliN3Roo BR, Fruiter's BORIBBSS to be disposed of; IJI-A rent £a4 ; last tenant eigut years,—Apply 60, Boaler— treat, Liverpool.

VOR SALH, good Fruit and Greengrocery I3USINESS, _l2 also good traps 3J, VILLACie-NuAD, West Kirby. Apply atter 8 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SALB, N MISERY, liochdirle, going concern, 6 Green houses with piping, good jobbing conneution.—bTOTT 35, Edward-street, hecbdale.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
QVIMETS, MINIGHALS, etC,—Well stocked bnop, hand- -13 gamely fitted ; excellent stand ; good 'bopping street.— apply t 2, MAMILION-liOaD. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DILOVISIONS and STATIONERY BUSINE3S or Dia- -1 posal ; low price tor stock and goodwill.-77. ORIENT- WrEEET, klar.korough-road, Cheetham, Mauitester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PEIMITON for Sale. seat 2. in good condition ; £lo. Apply after 5 p.m. 26, LONDOIi-huAD, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SALE, IN FOAL MARE. by Earl Egerton's noted L'orse ; 16 hands, roan.—W MHTON, Navigation-road, Altrineham.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED A GENERAL for Warrington. family 2; no washing ; plain cooking ; £17.--Apply SINS Joao, 8, !Sargon strect, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, at once HOUSEMAID; small family ; cock kept; no washing ; wages i.'l6.—miss WILLmEIt, The Bank, Atherton, near Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTHD at once NUKST or useful Mother's Help. No over 2J years of age. Apply to MRS Cowx, 43, Larkhill-lane, West Derby, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TV live a GENERAL SICHVANT for light housework llve in, no waehlng.—Apply Mrs ANnEttmoN,lo3 Mill street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
VVANIKD a Plain COOK, excellent ,Situatiou near War- rington, wages £22.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, 'darn- street. Wkrringtou.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTSD, nice useful tilliL about 17, for bousesvork ; small family; good home.-53, KREMLIN-DRIVE, Stoneyerott, Liverpool. WANTRD Country GENERAL SERVANT, for publi house ; good cilsracter. Apply Mae (=SHAW, rack Hotel, Ice, near Wigan.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
lIVERPOOL HOSPITAL PON WOMEN. Wanted a good GENERAL, alio WARDMAID.—AppIy Lenr WIPE!, INTENDENT, 109, Shaw-Street.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
W ANTED HOUSEMAID (one of two) ; Protestant ; good TV er,needlewoman ; age. about 18.—Mx.a bTONE, The Oraard, Huyton, Liverpool.

WANTIID, by a capable Person. lITUATION'as House- keeper. where girl is kept first-ease references.— F., 8, Oroxteth-road, Bootle.

WANTED a strong active GIRL as kitchan-maid. —Apply MATRON, Fever Hospital, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
\IT ANTED, SRILVANT GIRL about 19; good references requlred.-108. SCOTLAND-ROAD. Nelson,

WANTED A WAKDDIAID at once at CLaArrox VALE HOAPITAL. Newton Heath, Manchester Wages £l4

WANTISD, 000K-GHNHRAL anti Help or Housemaid- waitrem—wiLuems. The Linden', Llandudno.

wANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Comfortable eltuZ- tion, wages £lB.—Apply MIAs HuD3ozr, 19, iriam• street, Warringtoa,

'VANEDT COOK-GENERAL for Liverpool; wages 220 ; no watalling.—Apply this HunsoN, 19, Irlam•street, Warrington.

IVANTED A GIENHHAL, about 18, for small family, wages £l4.—Apply 9, BSNIFORD-RoAD, Dioabory, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAS.—Hgerton House, 6, Clarence.terrace, Centra Promenade. le acing the sea ; tea. bed and breakfast 35 6d Private sitting.room, Miss CORLEST. Proprietress.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPUOL.—MIss SAILER, Albion House, 7, Ktricb- road, South shore ; comfortable apartments ; minute trom sea. LAURA/1./L.-21m OWEN Bewley House, Lord-street, North Shore. Close to Station. Trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewley-read, Warrington.

hAltiLlili aad Ullll4DditY. Old liatablisbed. For BALH d 48, CHESTER-ROAD. Mala Cheater.

1UTL.15.41 and IItONAIONUIsitiIiUSINitoB for Disposal, X..) in good growing neighbourhood.-120, CONRAN-STREET. Harpurhey, Manchester.

WANTI) good plain COOK. two in family, wages £24. no washing. comfortable situation.—Apply Mae HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
I ADY GOINC4 ABROAD this Autumn would go as useful _11...1 Companion ; take charge of chiidren. etc. ; highest references.-35i), tiMITHDOWN-ROAD, Stitoll Park, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
CIOOK HOUSEKEEPBR, thorough experienced, wants situation ; temporary or permanent; good references. —Apply Mrs. E. BENNETT, Lane End,Bueltley near Chester.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
During the last few The American Rival. days there have been

several reminders of the activity of our commercial rivals. The pur- chase of OGDEN'S by an American Trust has creat- ed a stir in the tobacco trade, and shipping firms remain uneasy as to the intentions of Mr. Pine.- POINT Moneax. Add to this that the Yankees still give us a lead in the application of electricity, and that in the matter of railways we have to look to them not only for traction but also for most conveniences, and it will be realised how they are making the pace for us. During the present week, too, they have been reminding us that they are not too elated to learn. Special offers have been made to a number of Lancashire cotton operatives I to go to America, in order that the quality of the workers there may be improved. Some consider- able number of men from Lancashire had previ- ously been induced to take their experience to the new country, but it was felt that the leavening influence was not sufficient, hence this further movement. It is not in the Western Hemi- sphere alone that enterprise is being shewn. A representative body of ag ricalturists from South Russia and Siberia has this week left for England to study the English markets. Siberia, so long regarded by Britishers as a territory of gloom and depression, simply because it was asso- ciated in the public mind with the conviA estab- lishments which are mere dots on its expanse, is really a fertile country --the Canada of the East, it has been appropriately called—waiting to be developed. More than that, it is a country that must be developed rapidly, as the railway, now completed, largely for military reasons, will re- quire goods traffic even at low rates to find em- ployment for the staffs. In Austria, in every town where there is a chance of encouraging and improving any industry, money is being spent lavishly in technical instruction to that specific end. Germany is more laboriously if not quite so effectively working in the same way, and the Ger- man travellers surpass all others in their readiness to accommodate customers in foreign countries. It is, however, from the United States that competi- tion is most to be feared because machinery in the States is being carried to such perfection, and men and masters are equally alert. Enterprise there never hesitates at a considerabie loss in the first instance, with the object of ultimate gain. It may not be good for the stability of trade, for firms in America are less secure than in our own country; but it promotes business and is good for labour, and brings money into the coffers of the nation. On the other hand, too much may be said about the disinclination of British firms to meet the wants of small buyers abroad. So long as a reputation can be kept up, and the more profitable large business done, it would be throwing money away to split up the goods to be sold into a mall quantities just to meet the caprice rather than the convenience of buyers. In every walk of life the principle holds true that people gain by a reason- able degree of independence if they have brains to let or goods to sell. There is wisdom in meet- ing the exigencies of competition slowly; but whatever else is done, the quality of the article should be maintained, and every effort should be madeto meet the times in superiority of produc- tion. It is in that relation that the conservatism of British manufacturars stands them in bad stead.

Mr PINERO'S new play The Critics and the Drama, has rekindled fires of con- troversy over the drama Mr ARCHER, who claims to be a purist, applauds it as highly edifying; the critic of a society news- paper would place it in a rubbish heap, whence

===== 0002601_19010927_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
may be traced by the pext generation the history of the decay of ideals. Incidentally, the sharp differences of impression produced by the self"

_ same play on the same tight must strike every- one. The fact makes us shudder to think how events of past times have taken colour from th e

minds of the chroniclers. If such divergencies of judgment occur among educated, tolerant people

_ at the beginning of the twentieth century, what sort of reliatility is to be placed on the character

studies, for example, of early English rulers, or of the motives actuating social movements in the Middle Ages? But perhaps, after all it may be said that the present is a transition period in English drama, and as the different schools are afraid of losing ground, they are a little more vehement than they need be. Th 3 Ibsenites speak with a conscious exaggera- tion; the playgoers who say they want only to be amused do themselves an injustice. Both would be satisfied with a recognition of the scope the drama offers alike for the study of human life and as a complete relaxation. Each Lc afraid that one or the other function to which he gives the pre- ference will be ignored. The Ibsenites would be very sorry to have IBSEN varied only by:MAETEa-• LINCK ; the lovers of musical comedy are quite aware how too much of this sort of thing cloys. Mr PINERO'S problem plays, as delicate reflections of modern society, are altogether different front the morbid studies of those who want to make the stage a pulpit, just as they are different Irons the productions of those who would sterilise it of

thought. All that he does is to present pictures of certain aspects of life, and to leave them with his audience. He offers no moral, but leaves the play to work its own influence. On the other hand, his sense of truth forbids him from caricaturing his life either by happy or tragic Lendings. The worst that happens in the last scene of "Iris" is that $- Jewish millionaire smashes some ornaments on a, mantelshelf. It is a remarkable action in such s person, but it is quite natural, in all the circum- stances. What does, however, hold the audience under a spell is the appearance of Iris in her black dress and hat, going, in her helplessness, from her surroundings of luxury into the thirkness beyond. In its simplicity, and in the very refusal to pursue the subject further than to indicate by the patch of grey hair and a wanness of cheeks the bitter- ness of the experience, this culminating scene fe a stroke of the Lhighest art. One has only to re- flect on the inadequacy, not to say, commonness, of Mr BARRIE'S treatment of a similar subject, to realise how delicately the dramatist has to work upon such a theme. It is absurd to say that properly done such a play has not its value morally, or that it has not a• strong human in- terest. It is the old story of the hardness of the way of transgressors, out it is told in a very modern parable, without sermonising.

A fillip is given to the discussion on the cause of the disaster to the Cobra by the statement that a wounded whale has been found by some fisher- men floating on the surface of the water in the Wash. The question is asked whether the sink- ing of the destroyer may not have been due to a collision with this cetacean, thus the innocent cause of the loss of sixty lives and the only responsible in: his Majesty's navy fitted with turbine.engines. Of course, there are well-recorded cases in which these monsters of the deep have been vessel for mishaps, though a vessel like the Cobra should have been capable bf cutting through a whale of tilt* size to be met with in the German Ocean. Our fan fathers had considerable fear of them, and tbe."" are many quaint prints in which immense OW ceans, as well as giant octopi, are seen eng ulfi i ng whole vessels p their Jaws,with crews of mariners- That a fate even remotely resembling that depicted should have befallen the Cobra would be strange i indeed, and, n the absence of positive evidence, the theory is. not likely to command official sanc- tion. Happily—if anything can be considered fortunate in connection with so great a calamity —the vessel lies in comparatively shallow water, and in such a position as to allow a very thorough examination to be made of every part. This in- vestigation cannot fail to dispose of the doub.t which at present exists as to the cause of the acci- dent. It is to be lipped the result will also be such as will remove the prevalent misgivings as te the seaworthiness of these speedy but fragile vessels.

The figures of the steamship companies carry- ing passengers between the United States and Great Britain are eloquent testimony as to the benefits which we derive from our American cousins. Six steamships which left New York the other day carried altogether only two hundred saloon passengers. Three steamships arriving in New York on the same day delivered back t° America 2,000 cabin passengers who had been spending part of their vacation with us. Of course the Americans cross the Atlantic to see Europe, and not merely from fondness for the island which gave them their speech and their guidance in literaturP. But still, wherever else they go, they never miss England or Scotland. The pilgrimages to Shakespeare's country acd to the home of the great "Sir Walter" are mostly made by Americans. TheY • heighten the value of all our old boeko, pictures and furniture, and they make just the difference between prosperity and a struggle to keep going for the proprietors of many hotels. They do not help the jewellery trade much, as they like to gat their valuables in that line and bijouterie in Paris; but in countless small ways this army of people with money to spend help our commerce. ThB number of British who go to America for a boll' day is surprisingly small. It would be better of us if more studied at first hand the enterprise an° skill of the American manufacturers. The British workman is still the most conscientious workins° in the world—the man who pre-eminently gives ll' finish to what he does, but he is not sufficientli alert and adaptable.

1••••.............,

otte relax% ' spirit ot ic the World told that t the imagir and led to )ed in thei the notori are reminc It has bee curious p $:-,ensationa inoarcerat least these are made BPite of cl apPears to affording

under allc fairly rich uf he cric

Pity the JuStices epirit of ei leecns evei ‘LathoritieP been taxel Leniency t msancheste t. Eav that in this tee] v.tew with Ilcences ir

pels them- diEcretion Ito authori largely to 1 "Or thwe 'reference t lUgiatrete !Tag of epir an their ot 'Rrocers' lic or ref esal is eel 'Pronounce

the city a r 183 of the :4 el I It a ner nut re arPet aavroanentdre lih f 9c-t 'looting ti ,_At in one MOcial cura

" A Gar( Jvir wha terrible i "I the coui Wisdom he

- vinged tri tiubliehinu which l•st they do co the authoi What kind and destr gardeners all parts on Writer's c' gestion. B have been .seasoub ,•Of.the gen .tanaly hid against to this Irtiere 'those kind !rower an .Protected. t attacks or .aluaest ap .:,tlirnerous roore " kn .rain place actually d trUit and

Carriagf e!lt'a are rc lave basin !Ile kind c farmeri °,llr to ada lernselve was thE i.taat a per -3?anufactl that there Mlotilrl no -41 the bodi ,v;,11R0 fu machines When the

Mr

Akt the C lehard BI aernption jejariou The Chl ."Y YOu I newledve edieal fr aTiplicar d bin., to ad suffer( N'icv• Cha aa marke - kir Elapt Iktnily •, 4PPlicar 'a rriontl Ted. Hepl WI -; these • ~e,entious th4r, RePl - exe e Cha

1.101 1 knO` In

===== 0002601_19010927_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
- -- - MATTERS OF MOMENT'

A Provincial Letter.

A desire has frequently manifested itself in matil provincial boroughs for a Reform in the Election Aldermen. The matter is likely to be soon broughs to a bead so far as•the county borough of Cardiff le concerned, and when this has been done other sie3i- lar authorities may be expected to follow. A rasp!' ber of the Corporation in question has given notier: of a proposal which should the Council adopt will have the following effect. Aldermen at end of their term of six years will have to go the electors, and will then, if elected enter Council as councillors, and seek the suffrages that body co secure a return to the aldermaril,.; bench. There are various points to be considers. in connection with such proceeding. For install; how the sitting members in the different will like the idea of standing aside for, or enterl into competition with, the aldermen who 120,13„ thus be obliged to appeal to the electors. Tue,:j the system would assuredly have its sffect 1113`,',0 the multiplicity of elections, since, should I ti't ox retiring alderman pass through the double ordse : the:electorate and the Council, bye-elections vrth'es... result in order to fill up the vacancies in the, ;RI pective wards. It is a proposal, in short. th" bear and seems to demand plenty of considertal solo In the report of the Commissioners of Fri aluesdBl9 and Directors of convict prisons issued on cot a passage is devoted to the discussion of the Re_to, Escapes from penal establishments in various Its, of the country. The writers opine that these appearances of prisoners were not due to tbe e`

Nltio7 Wrig Itl, Cha !It Tbo Cl el Rep ~,•.Pr %vitt ifleed Rep , APhlical .iterY bealt The ere tra a'r ( Cha 4 "ta lit 4 RO fonlis tt t at p - 4PPIi ' Thlio, ca vjbe Cha t.rati!rbity '" 614

ok thilt l'bt - -verbi The sp,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Am/ harp self- very- how a th e es of aople what actor ilers, aents 7 all sition erent er4 b go to be would. the e and

it one pre- Id be ETERe quite cloys- tions front make from it of tures with )s the the )rbids r by that at

cause that sher- ri the sink- to & cent ressel Ones. vhich isiblo lould if the fore- ther6

rry- and ) the rican the dred ving k to beers wee

F

rope, land their .ever or WV'S sir rho' Ages !ones ;oieg ricX ) get arie;

1114C1

relaxation of prison discipline,but rather to the pirit ot imitation which is eo often discernible in the world of criminality. The public are officially 'told that the idea of escaping seems to have seized the imagination of prisoners all over the provinces, and led to plots and contrivances which have rival- in their ingenuity the legendary escapades of lhe notorious criminals of fiction. Once again we are reminded that `• truth is stranger than fiction:' it has been so in some of these cases; but the Curious point is how a knowledge of the recent 4,ensational escapes found its way to the convicts Incarcerated in the various prisons. In theory, at ieast these people are segregated,and special efforts . 8 made to prevent intercommunication. But in spite of these safeguards news of special interest al:Tears to "circulate" within the prison walls,thus ffording another proof not only that Solid walls do not a prison make,

Or iron bars a cage under all circumstances, but that there is some fairly rich language of signs common to all members of he criminal fraternity.

An important Conference of Friendly Societies commences in London on Monday, and is to extend over three days. It is convened at the instance of the Hearts of Oak Yearly Dividing Friendly Societies, and will be by no means sectional. The invitation has been extended to all the chief or- ganisations, and it is expected that delegives from 411 these will be present to discuss the Old Age yensions question and the now historic Birming- ham speech of Mr Joseph Chamberlain. Since the latter declined to promote any scheme of the kind in a Government measure, it naturally became the duty of the friendly societies to take the matter in band. There has already been considerable dis- cussion among representatives of these societies as to the expediency of dt once formulating a scheme, no well as regarding the broad principles and de- rails of any proposition that might be submitted to Parliament in the form of a bill. But the discus- 8, ions that have taken place cannot be said to have led to any definition of polimand some prominent Oddfellows at leaqt appear to entertain the opinion that the demands created by the South African war have greatly interfered with the prospects of a State-aid scheme of old ago pensions. This, how- aver, does not imply that the subject is to be allowed to fall int 3 abeyance, and the Conference, it is hoped, may now arrive at an agreement as to the policy to be pursued. Still it has always to be remembered that there is a wide difference between the definition of a basis and the initiation of rarliamentary action, to say nothing of the gain- 'R of Parliamentary sanction to a further charge O a the Imperial exchequer.

Pity the sorrows of the Manchester Licensing Justices I Drink in one form or another, like the epirit of evil, the South African war, or taxation, %seine ever with us. Occasionally the licensing authorities of provincial towns and cities have ,been taxed by the press with evincing undue _leniency to publicans and brewers, and hence the Alanchester licensing justices have been constrained 'to say that they at least are not the greatest sinners in this respect They tell us that they themselves ,view with the greatest alarm the rapid increase of ,Icences in their midst, that the law actually com- pels them to grant licences which they in their discretion would absolutely refuse that they have m , authority over beerhouses, which contribute so largely to the sum total of prevalent drunkenness 'Or thwe licences granted by the excise without Irtferonce to, or consultation with, the licensing 131agistrates. They say, moreover, that the linens- -1.4g of spirit and wine dealers by the excise should la their opinion cease, and that the holders of Arocers' licences should take their chance of a grant 2r ref seal as is the case with mher licence holders This is certainly a very sound, equitable, and wise 'pronouncement. The Manchester licensing justices, Moreover, state that no fewer than 2,923 houses in sthe city are now licensed or one licence for every IS3OI the entire population. It is a startling state- ent and • one for others besides teetotalers and temperance reformers to ponder over The pre- Gent SA stern of licensing appears to be not so Much for the perpose of regulating as fur pro- moting the traffic in drink, but whether looked 111". in one way or the other, it is manifewly a eocial curse and a p.)litical folly.

" A Gardener," writing to the papers, wants to ,Jw what is to be dons in consequence of the terrible increase of birds "which has taken place .hthe country,since our County Councillors in their wisdom have become so assiduous in protecting the Winged tribe. He recommends that instead of their Publishing lists showing what birds are protected, w_hich lists few people care to wade through, or if they do cannot be expected to wholly remember, -twn_e authorities should issue notices setting forth hat kinds of eggs and of birds should be taken and destroyed. There are known to be many gardeners besides this solitary correspondent, in all parts of the provinces, who would bear out the Writers complaint, and no doubt support his sue- g,estinn. Both the number and the voracity of birds have been much commented upon during the past "a": 11. Popular sympathy, as a rule, is in favour _nf.the general protection of bird life,and one Is cer- T.uin.ly indisposed to Fay anything that may appear ngainst it, but there are admittedly two sides this as to almost every other question. 'those are evidently birds: and birds, and kinds that are the worst enemies of the fruit grower and farmer may possibly have been over- protected. Apart from the unusually destructive attacks on certain kinds of fruit this year, it would „,,,uicncet appear that birds have not only been more 'nnierous and greedy, but that they have become :lore 6. knowing," since it has been observed in cer- tain Places that they have developed a faculty for actually discriminating between the best flavoured 'Nit and that of an inferior quality !

Carriage-ouilders in various owns have been 'otlip-laining of late that the bicycles and motor .e!tra are most prejudicially affecting their respect- -417e businesses. They may possibly have to listen to e kind of advice SD often tendered by outsiders O farmers and agriculturists, namely, to endeav- °,l4 to adapt themselves and their business to the ...nanfzing circumstances of the times, and so keep 'hemselves"up-to-date" and abreastiwith the times It .„7 was the other day pointed out by no less itooor- „Tat a personage than the President of the Carriage n ' ufacturerP Society, at their annual meeting, that there is no reason why the carriage builder th -°lllrl not provide what are technically known as " the bodies " for the motor cars. But they might Zell go further than this, as the makers of sewing chines did, so much to their OVTP. advantage, Ichell the cycling " boom " set in.

• 4 ,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS A CONSOtENTIOUS OBJECTOR? —_ Mr. Hephera not Convinced.

ople The r 10; ana itish ma° res )ntlY

lausr )13 0,, u 12135 iff 39 MO' 3,002° rtiCe the

, to the, es 0' ersd axes ardo rip; ould beer ipou th? 11 01 0014 ,2011

74Orr,

I

I

krt. Lie' .....i.•

t::t yc

144nity,

iPplication was granted.

u.at the County Borough Police Court on Thursday, Vohard Blackshaw, 8, Catherine-street, applied for an h!e.nlPtion order. He said he believed vaccination would 'lnjurious to the health of th , s 4he Chairman (Alderman Francomh) : I am very ~' lt-trY YOu have such views. You are putting your little _flowledge against that of the whole, or most of the 'nedical fraternity in the world. I...,4Policant said that the business which he carried on him to visit many homes and he saw children who 4,'"1 suffered from vaccination. Chairman : When I wag a b-iy nearly everyone 1,8, meatier] with small-pox. You do not see that now. r Rpherd Have you had any experience in your ? aPplicant said he WAS vaccinatel and was off work iz)c months through it. His arm was very much in- Mr Hepberd : That shows it took well, that's all. k 1/414r S Weight: I do not see that we have any right to 41 these questions if the applicant says he has a con- entious objection. ser the ..ePherd: He has to convince m 0 before I grant exemption. 10Th0 Chairman: You must ask questions if you want zstgiet at the cimscientious objection. tietl; Wright : Have we any tight to doubt his ascser- Th Chairman : A perfect right till he convinces us. .44 ne Clerk: The magistrates can take what steps they e to be satisfied. RePherd : If he will convince me I will sign the tell" with pleasure, but not without. He has not flced me. r Repherd then left the Bench. vet Plolicant said a friend of his had a child which was etY bealtby before being vaccinated but now it was iielre frame of bone and was not expected to live. tate„e.Chairrnan : Ido not mind signing the order if Is ge"6ll are so persistent. lam only sorry that anyone et thfoolish. (To applicant) : You might be the curse ,ttvat Poor child through what you have done. elaiktPlielket : I think I am doing it for the benefit of the Chei

Airman : You are not fit to judge. You cannot It knowledge against that of 'he whole medical

ii

===== 0002601_19010927_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

POVERTY AT RUNCORN,

At the Runcorn Police Court on Monday about half-a-dozen people were excused payment of the poor rate on tne ground of poverty. add Lancashire Rugby combin FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS. At the Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday before Mr J Ockleston, William Booth. and Arthur Fletcher were sent to gaol for three months hard labour for stealing a spring balance valued at 14s the property of William Horton. Superintendent Neild said they Were two of the worst men in the village and the chairman remarked that they were fortunate in not being sent to the quarter sessions.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW RUNCORN COMP-ANY.

The Pwllheli Granite Company, Limited, regis- tered on September 11th, with a capital of £6,000, in £lO shares, to take over the business of quarry proprietors and stone merchants carried on by James and John Littler at Pwllheli and Minflordd, N. Wales,and at Runcorn has been formed. There will be no initial public issue. The first directors are J Littler and J Bebbington, the former being permanent director and chairman ; qualification 10 shares; remuneration as fixed by the company.

A PAWNBROKER'S SHOP ON FIRE. About six o'clock on Tuesday morning a large volume of smoke was seen issuing from the shop of Mr W Craddock, pawnbroker, Church-street, Run- corn, and an alarm was raised. Mr H Dodd, a painter employed in the shop of Mr Poynter. on the opposite side of the street, burst open the door. It was then seen that a considerable quantity of clothing was on fire. Buckets of water were thrown on the burning material with such effectiveness Ithat when the fire brigade arrived the flames were extinguished. It is supposed that a gas jet left burning all night had ignited some clothing. Abou .C2O damage has been done which is covered by in surance. P C Wilding rendPrad valuable assi-tsnea DAMAGING GROWING POTATOES. At the Runcorn Police Station on Saturday, before Mr E Imison, John Cowley. W Jameson, and P Holland, working on a dredger lying at Weston Point, were charged with damaging growing potatoes to the value of ss, the property of T Harti- son.—.P.C. Rowlands said that on the 20,h inst he was passing along the prosecutor's field when he saw the defendants carrying two bundles. He exatnined them and found they contained p3tstoeB which had been pulled up from a field close to where they were standing.—Prosecutor said that stealing potatoes from his field had been goin¢ on for some time.—Defendants were fined 23 6.1 and 5s costs and the amount of the damage, or in default 7 days. INTERESTING PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN. On Friday evening, the teachers connected with the Holy Trinity Church Sunday 6chools, including the Rev C H Killick (vicar), Rev RJ Poole (curate), Mr J Woods (superintendent) and Mr A E Hulse (secretary), met at the Mariners' Church, for the purpose of presenting Mr J Killeross with a beauti- ful dinner service, on the occasion of his marriage. An excellent ,tea was provided, which was much enjoyed. After tea Mr Woods spoke of the useful services Mr Killcross bad rendered as a teacher in the Sunday school, and of the true spirit in which he had worked. Mr Killcross responded. A good programme of music made the rest of the evening very pleasant: INTERESTING WEDDING AT RUNCORN.— DUNCALF—

===== 0002601_19010927_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
LITTLER.

A very pretty wedding took place on Wednesday at St Paul's Chapel, the contracting parties being Miss Sarah Ellen Littler, daughter ot Mr William Littler, Leincester Gardens, to Frederick Dancalf, son of Mr James Duncalf, Fox-street, Runcorn. Both parties are exceedingly well known being closely identified with Camden Chapel and Sunday school. The Rev A Wells, superintendent minister, officiated. The bride was given away. by her brother Mr 0 W Littler. her wedding gown was composed of heliotrope fabric trimmed with crape de chine and silk embroidery: She also wore a crino- line hat trimmed with chiffon plumes, and orAnge blossom and carried a splendid bouquet of lilies and crysanthemums. The bridesmaids were the Misses B Littler, sister, and Miss Duncalf, the sister of the bridegroom. They wore dresses of plum coloured cloth trimmed with scarlet, with hats to match. They carried bouquets of mar- .guerites. The best man was Mr GII Marsh and the groomsman was Mr W Littler. The church was crowded, and after the ceremony a reception was held at the hums of the bride. The honeymoon will be spent at Llandulas.

RUNCORN W ESLEYAN CIRCUIT QUA.RTERLY

3iEETING.

The above quarterly meeting was held on Mon- day for the first time in its history at Camden, it having previously been held at Brunswick, There was a very large attendance every place save Preston Brook being well represented. Tea was provided by Mr and Mrs S C Beckett and at the close of the tea a very hearty vote of thanks was given to them for their hospitality. The business meeting followed immediately after,the chair being occupied by the Rev Alfred Wells, superintendent minister of the circuit. He was supported by his colleagues the Revs H Morrison and B Foster and the circuit stewards. The new secretary, Mr J Povah was warmly welcomed on taking his seat, The financial stwernent presented by the stewards was of a highly gratifiying character The . total income amounted to £212 17s 51 and the evpenses to; £173 13s, leaving a bal- ance in hand to the credit of the circuit of £39 44 sd. The numerical statement pre- sented by the chairman showed that notwithstand- ing the heavy loss by deaths and removals the circuit still held its own the numbers being 742 full members; 84 on trial, and 229 in junior society classes. Mr A R Norman, JP, was appointed cir- cuit treasurer to the aged ministers fund. A com- mittee for foreign mission was re-appointed, the treasurer being Mr J R Frith and the secretaries the Rev H Morrison and Messrs E Taylor and E Knive- ton. Mr Thomas Cook was appointed temperance sectetary for the circuit in place of the late Mr J D Jones. The Rev J B Forster was also associated with him in the office. At the'request of the chair- man the meeting gave permission for the purchase of land at Halton for the enlargement of the Sunday school. It was announced that the Gospel Car would shortly visit Weston Point and Preston Brook. It was arranged for a Convention of workers engaged in different depart- ments of Church work of the circuit ta be held as soon ao convenient, arrangements being left in the hands of the Ministers. Mr Povah gave a very clear and comprehensive statement showing the position of the" Twentieth Century Fund" of the Circuit. The statement revealed the fact that more than £f,400 had been paid, in and that about £lOO more was required to complete the amount pledg- ed by the circuit, namely the sum of sixteen hun- dred guineas. A short discussion followed, the meeting pledging itselQto do its utmost to secure the completion of the, fund by the Christmas quarterly meeting to be held on the 16th December.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S ' CREAM CRACKERS'

CRISP:AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 27 1901.

RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] FOOTBALL.

There was a very fine gate at Irwell-lane on Saturday to witness what proved to be an interest— ing struggle between two of the crack clubs of Cheshire and Yorkshire. Both towns sent their strongest representative team, and the struggle was as keen as could he expected between two such teams- The 'Linnets," however, fully justified their reputation, and:Halifax have to mourn not only the bitterness of a crushing defeat but are also denied the consolation of even managing to pierce the home defence. The game can truly be said to have been one of the finest played at Runcorn for eome time. Despite the strong feeling between the partizans of the respective teams there was an utter absence of anything approaching brutal play on the part of the players. At times the combination of each was all but perfect, anl the attack and defence were as pretty and as scientific as one could wish to see. Perhaps there was a little too mach of the kick, rush, and mark game but on the whole the ball was kept loose.

In the earlier part of the game it must be in all fairness conceded that the visisors rather out- classed the home contingent and indeed pressed them very severely so that Runcorn were in a sense fortunate in gaining a lead qf three points before half-time. The play which led to Jones crossing the line was very smart work indeed, and, in fact, the other points which were secured at the expense of Halifax were the result of well judged combina- tion and were not at all attributable to slices of luck. In the latter half things went decidedly easy for Runcorn, and the visitors had not a look in at all being forced to defend practically the whole of the time. The scrums gave the leather to Jolley and Faulkner over and over again, and but for smart tackling Runcorn would have piled up a much larger score than they actually did.

At half back Halifax were simply outplayed, and though the threequarter line of the visitors got away once or twice they were not allowed to take any liberties whici might have made them danger- ous. Little made a ridiculously pour show against Houghton, who played a dashing game from the commencement. Walker led the front rank on in fine style and in the rear division it would be hard to single out a weak spot unless it was lnglesfield, who, at times, works but half heartedly. The day's performance reflects nothing but credit on each individual player and there may well be re- joicing in the Runcorn camp.

There was but little business to be transacted at the Runcorn Rural District C3uncil on Tuesday. There were, however, two interesting matters which afforded a very neat little discussion. Both arose out of that most übiquitous odour at Thel wall which comes and goes in the most mysterious manner possible. Judging by the letters which have been received during the last fortnight by Mr Ashton (clerk), the Committee who thought to remedy the serious state of affairs by cleaning out the ditch, and ignoring any supposed evil at Messrs Long's Tannery, have incurred the id-will of the inhabitants, and have come in for a good sound rating, by letter ot course, for their pains. The Committee who openly expressed tneir opinion that the root of the evil did not lay in Messrs. Long's tanyard have caused, to use a mild term, absolute consternation in the minds of the residents from Messrs. Naylor and Reynolds to some humble individual who evidently finds it difficult to pen a letter but who is goaded into a 'floe frenzy" of writing by the nonchalance of those who ought to protect the bast interests of the people at Thelwatl.

Mr. Wallington thought the letters which bad been sent ought to be read and with a certain amount of heat tried to carry his point He was however a trifle mollified when the clerk said that the letters were all to the effect, that the mere cleaning of the ditch was not sufficient, and the nuisance still existed. Tae clerk further pointed out that the matter was now under the considera- tion of the Local Government Board and that the correspondence, together with the Surveyor's report on the houses situate in Weaste-lane would be forwarded in their entirety for them to deal with. Taus the vexed question lies and what will ultimately be done pas.,es the wit of man to conceive. One thing ie quite certain, the Council as a body are sick and ire d of the whole affair and would, it is veritably believed consign cor- respondence, agitators and reports to Limbo if they dared.

-- There is only one person who has reason to be pleased and proud of himself on account of the affair and he is the expert Dr Penny. On Tuesday he again sent his small bin of sixty five guineas to the Council for payment, and, wisely or unaviqdy, they refused to pay it immediately. It will be remembered that Dr Adams, the medical offi3er,and Dr Penny's reports are entirely at variance and the Council believe that they are only acting fairly towards theruselve4, and the ratepayers, by asking for the critic'siii of Dr Penny on the strictures of Dr Adams. The Clerk explained that he had already sent the report of the medical officer o the expert, but he had received no reply from him and he did not feel justitied in asking him to make a report lest the Council should incur.addition- al expense. Thus the decision arrived at practically was that as soon as Dr Penny makes an additional report--on the' for nothing" principle—his account will be paid, which is rather a one-sided way of looking at things.

TYPolice Courts abound in humour, pathos and tragedy. At the Runcorn Court the otaer day a tale was told of blighted happiness caused by the'myrinidons of the law which a skilled romancer could weave into an interesting story. A tall gaunt and hagaard woman was brought in the dock on a charge of having assaulted one of the most gallant sergeants in the Runcorn force. Having occasion to call at the house of the prisoner to transact a little businese of a private nature with her brother, a notorious charactier, the female became so exas- perated at the unwarranted intrusion of the worthy officer that she had little compunction in enforc- ing her a-gunients with a liberal dose lof the poker. The prisoner's brother and mother also happening to be hard by grasped the situation at once, and the official too, so that among the three he had a lively and per- haps interesting time. Fortunately a comrade in arms heard the parley-cons "in the house and making his way inside rescued his mots unfortu- nate brother. Of course there was nothing for it but to take the woman into custody who had been 1 the cause of the disaster, and as the " tete-a-tete '! happened on a Saturday she was consigned to the cells to await her trial on the Monday morning: By a strange fatality Ole Sunday should have been her wedding day and instead of hearing the sound of .wedding bells on the morning of her nuptials she heard the clAnk of the warders keys and the tramp of the jailer. Obvionvly her would-be spouse could not summon up suffi-ient courage to bail her out fearing lest a worse evil might tefall him than the mere bending of a poker across his back. It has not since transpired whether he still intends to lead his blushing bride to Hymen's altar but the magis- trates were convinced that her ardent affections had received such a rude shock that further punish- ment was unnecessary. Our readers will be pleased to know that she was simply bound over to keep the peace.

The tastelfor music appears to be on the incregse I in Runcorn, which is a very good sign indeed. The Runcorn male voice choir is going strong, as a sportsman would say, and the Runcorn Orchestral Society is again making a bold bid for something more than mere existence. Every intelligent per- son must regret the lack of support which made the !foundations crumble of the" Tonic-Soil a," " Musical," and the " Philharmonic " Societies. At present there is only the " Orchestral " which caters for the public taste, and if tbe only remain- ing musical institution is to be bound up in the ! warp and woof of the town it is essential that during the coming winter they shall receive that support from the public which is vital to financial success. Musical critics who heard the band last season asstrt that there is not a flaw in any of the parts, and the musical treats which are given to the public are pleasant in their tone and stimulat- ing in their effects. "success and prosperity " may safely be wished to the organization.

--- The lecture by the,Rev J Flannagan on "A walk round my parish" was one of the most interesting given in Runcorn for many months. The rev gentleman is truly one of tbe most remarkable personalities of tiny present day. Be stands fully six feet high, is somewhat thin and spare, is ener- getic, and has the Irish element stampAd on every action. Re has an almost magnetic influence over his hearers and by turns has them in bursts

of laughter or sobs of pity. He has a wonderful fund of aneclotes from real life which are strung together in his lectures by flashes of genius which not only delight the cultured but appear irresistably to the unlearned. His long, white, nervous hands are one of the most peculiar features connected with him. They are on the work the whole of the time he lectures and weave a wonderful charm, as it were, over his audi- ence. Though there is a broad rollicking humour in everything he says there is an under current \of sadness which tells that the iron of bitterness has, at one time eaten down vary deeply in his soul Perhaps his early youth may account for it or per- haps the sad sights which he sees in his slum work. Atter all he is a veritable John the Baptist for he has a message to deliver, and his is a voice crying from the slums for the people of England to make straight the paths of the oppressed and suffering

Is is stated on good authority that before very long a new works, in connection with Mathieson's will be erected near Rock Savage. At pre3ent the officials who are interested in the scheme refuse to give any information respecting the plans, etc., but negotiations are in progress, and there is every reason to believe there is something more in the statement than mere rumour. I heard a very inter- estinz bit of gossip the other day from one likely to know wnich may °rimy of may not prove to be correct. For some two years a gentleman residing near Liverpool has been engaged in experimenting with copper in the hope of being able to extract therefrom some of the more precious metals. About 6 months ago he came to the neighbourhood of Run- corn to develop a certain line of discovery which he had made. Proving successful in his researches a company has been approached with a view of securing the patent, anti it is said that should the negotiations prove successful that Runcorn will be the site of the companys works. It is devoutly to be wished that both these " storiis of new works " will prove correct. What with the transporter and all toe improvements which the Local Authority have in hand not forgetting the cry of "down with the rates," it will go far towards making this once " Merrie Runcorn '' of ours a veritable little gold mine for business men and working people !!

===== 0002601_19010927_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
VISIT OF THE REV. J. FLANNAGAN TO RUNCORN.

On Wednesday in connection with the:Prinoitive Methodist Chapel, the Rev J Flannegan of the London Mission preached a very instructive sermon on texts from Mark avi,l3 and Lake xxiv, 18. The subject was spiritual visions and the preacher deelt with the purifie cation of heart lea ling to spiritual visions. In the evening the rev gentleman gave a meet interesting lecture on" A walk round my Parish." There were very large congregations at both services. Mr Taylor presided in the evening and said his duty was a very light one. It would be one of the biggest mistakes he bed ever made if he were to attempt to make a speech. Serne chair- men spoiled the; lecture to which the audimce looked forward to. He was delighted to b 3 with them, and he was disappointed that he could not be with them last year. He bad heard such a lot of Mr Flannagan that he had determined to be with them and hear the lecture From the title they might look forward with pleasure and interest to it. (Applause.) The Rev J le,annagan, who was received with applause, said that be was glad that the devil had no hand in the making of him. It was a pleasing theurtit for one t remember that they were God made men and women in a God made world. The devil ceuld not make a man. He Could not even turn stones lute bread. He once tried and failed. But the Devil could spoil God-made men and he could I blight a God-made world. He could lay desolate many a fair epee that ought to bloom as the garden of Eden I Man had had placed within him an innate sense of the beautiful and an instinceive love of the sublime and shrunk from all things repulsive. The visitor to London wanted to see the bright part of life, the latest fashior and styles, yet he did not know but it were as fair foe them, and perhaps more in the divine order,if they drew aside the silk curtains through which they looked upon me so that they might know something of the tragedy behind it. Some time aeo he went to Belfast and a gentleman wished to show bine the file buildioga of the city, but us (the speaker) said to him " Lake me to the slums." Tat was his philosophy. it might he that of s lunatic, but he believed it was the philosophy of God to judge the character of a people in the front arreet by the way people were livio in the back street. He did net care for the civilization that coeld make the superstructure in the front magnificent but which left men and women—God made and God redeemed to rot in misery, shams and degradation. (Applause.) A man might carry the wisdom of the city in his skull but if the man's feet were diseased then the body would rest upon an insecure and shake basis. And the body of a state rested upon its feet and if they were diseased or unclean it was insecure no matter how magnificent the front might be. Thousands of people were degraded in their maenificent English constitution and were rotting in misery and many of them were starving in Go Pa England. That kind of thing could not go on much longer, and the trireme itself rested upon an insecure basis The only way to make it secure was to treat the • people a little better than the London cab horses and ladies' pet poodles. All the bloodshed would be remem- bered in Heaven and there would be a smash up some i day as sure as Gad reigned. If politicians pursued the law of expediency in cent% adiction to the law of righteousness God would bring the whole horrible conce n down to the ground, and the sooner the better. Ignorance, poverty, and slum-don), were the three things on which anarchy rested. When President McKinley's assassin replied, "I did I not shoot ihe man," it was false philosophy. but the man's idea of the things was that he shot the principle, not the man. The bullet going through the man did not kill the principle. Principles could only be killed by Principles ; unreeson by reason ; wrong by right. Remove the cause and the effect would cease, and there would be no more assassinations of Presidents, Kings and Queens. Linden, however, was getting better every day. They could take it from a man who went through the worst cases of poverty next to Charles Booth, He lead been 10 years working in the slums and he did not think he was too optimistic in his tone when he said his disttict was getting better. He believed the time would come when they weuld hunt London streets for a hungry child and would not find one and would then superannuate the workhouse. But it would only be when the gin shone were gone. Oid London bridge, where more than one unfortunate had gone to llaer death Was the boundary line of his parish. The waters with their inky blackness seemed to quiver with sympathy. Charles Dickens loved his district and from London Bridge to the old church he often wandered in search of characters. When wanting a sneaking Jewish Villain he went to Whitechapel but he get his Bill Sykes frcrn this district, and he used to walk the streets at 12 o'clock at night to see phases of life he could not See anywhere else. Lots of children in his district never knew what chielhoed was. As Kingsley said they were " damned " in the world though he would not say they were damned out of it. All the shadows in their density darkened the life of the child who leapt at once from childhood into old age. Some he had seen were beautiful with classic caste which told of high blood in their veins. And he had seen them change gradually until all that was keen, and crafty seem to be impressed on the flesh of their countenance. But his heart went out to them and to all who despised the parson, arid he tried to get hold of them. They were rough diamonds out of which God could bring splendid lives by his grace. To win a man was more to him than to win Waterloo and he would rather lead a soul to Jesus Christ than have the honours given to the mighty Wellington. John Bunysn came his district as a local preacher and was followed by ladies and gentlemen who preferred his eloquence to that of the Bishop of London. Cruden,toe who gave them the Bible Concordance, rests with them. Somewhere underneath vats of beer in a large brewery his bones lay though no one could determine the exact snot. Oliver Goldsmith, who wrote the English classic, the "Vicar of Wakefield, " made his pills and plasters on the Old Bank Side. Out of his district had Pone literatu that had enriched the workP and men who bad laid the foundations of the United States of America. .Shakes- Peare lived in his district and Wrote his flays that were played at the Globe Theatre. Plays with a true and lofty meaning against the vile dramas that had laid hold of the public taste. Shakespeare and his brother Edward died in tie dis- trict so poor that there was no money with which to bury them. Another name was that of Philip Massinger one of the first of English poets who filled his throat with nne clear note of music and then starved to death. Some kind friends took the bones lay and put them in a grave and on the stone engraved " Philip Masainger, a stranger." Colonel Barnaby had confessed his indebted- ness to the influence which he had received while listen- ing to his ministry. He, the preacher was born in Mansfield, Nottingham, and it was in that town he found redemption and he then went to preach to the men who had known him. For four years he had toe largest congregation outside London. The membership was 2,800, and the Confer- ence took him out of that magnificent place and put him in a dirty chapel in London. From haviag a con- gregation of 11 on the first Sunday morning, he rose it until at the evening service he had two to three thou- sand. He had the pleasure of purchasing the site of tbe public-house he saw on the first Sunday morning, acid on which was now erected a sanctuary. Two churches bad already despaired of reaching the masses when he got there, and had retired, but he got in touch with the men through their wives. He would never forget his first Sunday and even now

when 10 years bad elapsed be was reminded of it. There was not a m fal in the district would hurt a hair of his head and when he put up for the Board of Guardians he was returned without having canvassed a single vote. They had between 600 and 700 children in the Sunday School who had been got out of the streets. He intended to work on at St George's Hall and he asked f )r the co-operation of all present. The lecture was interspersed throughout with pleasant anecdotes and was one of the finestdelivered in Runcorn for many months. _ . . . . _ . . .

A vote of thanks to the lecturer and the chairman was given on the proposition of the Rev W Eyre. At the tea meeting in the afternoon the following ladies presided at the tables Mesdames James Stubbs, Jab( z Stubbs, R Stubbs, Eyre Thomason. kfardley. Jackson, Withingtoniand the Mims Lunt, A Fleet, and Eyre.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The meeting of this Council was held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse. Present : Mesars J Knowles, J.P. (in the chair), C Roylance, A H Talbot,C Mclntyre, J Stokes, J Whitlow T Baxter C.C., C A Linaker, J Moseley Williams T Lewis, T Wright, H Mawdsley, GNUing,P Glesve, J Edwards, J W Baguley, J Spruce, A Eaton, R Bblington,,l Mounfield.W Turner.' Jl3 Chadwick, A G Gust, T Antwiss, E A Wallington, with G F Ashton, (clerk) ; W Hough. (assistant clerk) ; Dr Adams, (medical officer) ; J Farrington, (nuisance inspector) ; and Messrs Diggle and Swinton (sur- veyors).

INSPECTOR FARRINGTON'S RE-APPOINTMENT.

The Local Government Board forwarded formal sanction to the re-appointment of Mr G Farrington as Inspector of Nnisances at a salary of £l9O. _ 'f HE THELWALL NUISANCE.

The Clerk stated that a number of letters had been received on the above subject, but all the correspondence and the reports had been submitted to the Loc%l Government Board and he did not propose to read them.

Mr Wallington asked what was the substance nf the letters. Was there not one from Mr Reynolds ? The Clerk : Yes. He has written before. Mr Wallington : I propose it is read. The Clerk seid that all the letters were to the effect that there was still a nuisance.

Mr Wallington wanted to know why they had not acted on Dr Penny's advice? They had brought in an expert and had been advised what to do, and the ex• pelt had stated that there was a nuisance. The Clerk : It is all sent to the Local Government Board.

WlEtngton : Has Dr Penny been revestel to send in his report in reply to the one of Dr Adams. The Clerk : The reports have been forwarded to him. He has not been requested to farther report because he might make a fresh charge. Let him report if he wishes to, but not at the expense of the Council. Air •Wallington did not like the way the Board had acted. They had not beeu straightforward. Tbe correspoidence and reports will be forwarded to the Local Government Board. Copies of all being retained by the officials of the Council.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. PENNY'S FEE.

The Clerk reported that he had again received Dr Penny's account for 65 guineas for reporting on the Tbelwall nuisance, requesting payment. Mr Wright There is nothing else but to send a cheque. Mr Stokes said he did not like paying until they beard what he had to say on Dr Adams report. He prupossd that the account be not paid until Dr Penny had a chaoCe to.reply to the criticisms of Dr Adams.

—• Mr Wallington seconded. Mr Stokes : Efe will not, of COUT93, expect payment for it.

Several members : Certainly be will. Mr Stokes : Idi not moan to pay him for it. I will add to my proposition, " Without furthmr expense " Mr Roy:lance moved as an amendment and Mr Lin4ker s2conded that Dr Penny te paid for the work he had done.

On the amendment being put eieit voted for it and the rest of the Cluncil went for the proposition which was duly carried.

Mr Lluaker If I were Dr Penny I should issue a writ.

VIE PROPOSED ROAD raoNf RUNCORN TO WESTON POINT. The committee appointed t meet the sub-committee of the Cheshire County Council on Wednesday the 18-h Inst., with reference to the taking over by the County ' Council of Weston road from the Urban District Council boundary to the village of Weston submitted their report. Tins showed that two members of the Rural Council committee, Messrs J B Chadwick and A G Guest, together with Mr W Di.gle (t.urveyor),and Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk), met the sub-committee and the deputation from the Urban District Council and an inspection of tbe entire road from the railway station at Runcorn to the boundary of the tJbln District Council of Runcorn, and from there to the village cf Weston was made. The road from Weston to , Weston Point was also inspected and the plan shewing the proposed new road from Runcorn to Westm Point was produced, when the representatives of the County Council intimated that toey Could hold out no hope of any assistance being rendered by their Council in the matter.

Mr. Guest prnposed and Mr Linakor aeconded the adoption of the upon which we confirmed.

SPECIAL EXPENSES.

Tho assistant secretary of the Local Government Boar I wrote forwardinc; copies of the order they had issued declaring the remuneration paid by the Rural District Council of Runcorn to their Si rveyor for ser- vices rendered to the Parochial Committees. The Com- mittees of Fiodsharn Lordship, Frodshsm Township: Helsby, and Stockton Heath to be special expenses chargeable upon the contributory places concerned. The charges were set forth as follows in the acco,upanying orders :—Frodsbam Lordship, £2 10 ; Frodsharn Town- ship, £5; Helaby, £5 ; Ssociaton thab, £lO.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

It WM rerine,Pd that the Women in hand at last met- ing was £1,593 24 21;"receiptg,2,485 9; 74; cheque drawn that day £162 OS 8 ; balance, £1,916 11 11.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnight/y meeting of this Board was held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse. Present : Messrs J Stokes. (in the chair), A R Norman. J.P , CC.. (vice-chairman), :3 Taylor J.P., T Lea, J D3uglaa, T Reynolda, T Wood, the mombars of the Rural Council with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assistant clerk), and J Cunnah (mister).

NATIONAL ORPHAN HOME.

A circular cyaS ;JAZ' from the Beretary of the abnve stating that it had been certified as an industrial and training shul,and they were authoriaed to r.oeive girls from Buris of Guardians on payment of £l3 per annum.

VISIT OF . DELEGATES TO UPTON ASYLUM'.

Mr Moseley Williams reported that the Committee had visited the Upton Asylum and had been shown all round the place. Any questions asked were answered by Dr Stevenson. In all respects they were perfectly satisfied that the people were receiving great care. A number of them worked in the place, and in the bakery and !sundry they were employed with every satisfaction.

Mr Wright seconded the report. The corridors exten- ded two miles. and he was surprised to le4rn that the number of patients there connected with the Runcorn Union numbered 70. Mr Mogeler Williams said that one person had been in the Asylum 50 years. The report was adopted. VISIT OF DELEGATES TO THE BUCKLEY HALL ORPHANAGE.

Mr Linaker said that the comrni tee appointed visited the above orphanage and found everything well con • ducted. It would be a good thing if there were more institutions and more relief given on the same lines. In connection with the place we an institution for the reunion of old scholars which took place every 'Bank Holiday. Some were very succes4ul in after life which sp-ke well for the training the boys received. Mr Lea seconded. The Chairman supported and said that they went the right way to make boys and girls useful members of society. . _ _

The' report was adopted, RELIEF. Payrnente fcr out-relief had beim made aa r""wS : Runcorn, £3O ; Frodeharn, £2O: Budwortb. £27.

TENDERS. ACCEPTED.

The folowing tend,rs were accepted for supplies to the workhouse :—Groceries, E Gregory, Runcorn ; butchers meat, George Bowcock,Sineleton and Stephen- son, Warrineton ; fish, Horaco W Hills, Grimsby ; drapery, Proud and Pollard, Frodsbarn : clothing, Ensworth Br W 13n1"1", Runcorn ; drvealtery,J H Weston,Runcorn; la, Bradley's, Runcorn ; boots and shoes, coal, Riohard Evans and Company, Hayclock ; cartage, William Grounds, Aston ; funerals, T Booth and Sons, Runcorn ; coffin, T Barrow, Halton. The tenders for coke Were deferred. This concluded the business.

UNDER THE:CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCKyon BEsr BOOTS IN LANCIA SHIRE.—Advt BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS in latest Art Shades —J. S.GlRrarrn,sl, 53 and 55.Bridge-Bt. Warrington.—Advt LADY'S DETERMINED SIIICIDE.—At Campbeltown, Areyllstire. Mrs IK,ddes, a retired schoolmistress, com- mitted suicide by cutting her throat three times with a razor. Help was summoned, and the wound bandaged but she tore the bandages off in the presence of the doctors. She died immediately afterwards from the loss of blood _ . . . _

The CiLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY, Situate In the finest Whit.icy-producing District of Scotland, is the property of W. &A. Gllbey, This Whisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended In his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by per bottle, W. St A. Githey's agents in every town at 38. 6d

===== 0002601_19010927_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

St. Barnabas' Church.

The harvest thanksgiving services were continued in the above church on Sunday. At 8 ain there was a celebration of the Holy Communion, the numbsr of com- municants Leing very satisfactory. Matins and choral Communion followed at 10 30, when the preacher was the Rev F E Powell, Vicar of & James', Latchford. There was a good congregation. The preacher based his sermon on the words " Behold, the days come. saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine; in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the Lord." He spoke of the indifference to religion which prevailed at the present time, and said that the most terrible calamity that could befal a nation was a religious famine—a famine of hearing the words of the Lord.— In the afternoon a children's service was held, when the vicar (Rev J H G Hollingworth) delivered an address. There was a very large congregation at the evening ser- vice, not a seat being unoccupied. The preacher was the Rev A Goodall, of Eccles, who selected for his text " Whatsoever a man soweth that shill he also reap." Cialatians xi., xvii., and urged his hearers to make the best use of God's blessings, Special harvest hymns were sum:, the 'choir being assisted by a number of instrumentaliets.—The collections at all tho services were on behalf of the choir fund.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Legh-street Primitive Methodist.

Oa Sunday large congregations assembled at Legh- street for the Harvest Festival. The chapel was decorated for the occasion with considerable taste and originality. There was no scarcity of fruit and other produce for the decorators to Exercise their ingenuity upon, and every- thing was used to the fullest advantage. If one part of the decorations was more striking than another, it was an anchor' formed with rice with a backround of peas and Indian corn. Special sermons were preached morn- ing and evening by Mr East. of Alexandra College, Manchester, and in the afternoon a sacred cantata was given by the choir, entitled " Harvest Home in the Temple Days." The soloists on this occasion were Miss Bridge, Miss E Miss D Jackson, and Messrs Corrin, Bissell, Osborne and Greenough. 'Toe caatata contains some very fine work for soloists and chorus, besides extremely pretty and effective pieces for male and female voices separately. Perhaps it is not out of place to remark that great improvement is noticeable in the choir, more parti- cularly in the male voices. This improvement is greatly to the credit of the conductor, Mr A Spruce, who is to be congratulated on the reputation his choir is fast gaining in the town and neighbourhood. At the morn- ing service the anthem " All Thy work; praise Thee " (Smallwood) was given,and in the evening the following pieces were rendered r—S3lO and chorus, "Hear my prayer " (Mendelssohn) ; solo, " Eternal Rest," (Piccolomini) Mr J Carrin ; and chorus, " Achieved is Thy glorious work," (Haydn). The highest praise is to be bestowed upon Miss Bridge for her rendering of the solo in Mendelssohn's beautiful anthem, and upon the choir for the support they gave her in the chorus work Altogether the anthem " Hear my prayer " was a distinct musical treat. Toe very decided success of the ch,ral work was in no small measure due to the able organist, Mr F Podmore, who played the accompaniments with taste and intelligence. —On Monday evening a fruit barquot was held, and the Rev Charles Finch took the chair, in the absence of Mr J r Rowland, who was presented from being present by a severe cold. An interesting programme was gone through. Miss Bridge sang a very sweet song, and Miss Eva Miller was hoard to advantage in " Midst the hush of the: Golden Corn." Mr Greenough delighted the audience with the tenor solo " Let me like a Soldier fall " ; and Mr Albert Spruce sang with great spirit Jude's fine song " The Skipper." Mr Corrin sang the ever welcome song " Tom Bowling " ; Mr Sam Rowland played a violin solo "The Broken Melody " with great feeling and ex- pression, and Mr Whitfield gave a recitation enti.led "Jugged Rare," for which the audience demanded an encore, end he responded with " While the Sabbath bells are ringing " accompankd by his son on the auto harp. Master Whitfield also gave two selections on the auto harp. The Legh-street Male Voice Choir, sang two part songs " Sleep my lady sleep." and " Comrades in arms," for which they were twice recalled. All present joined in singing the Doxology, thus bringing to a close one of the most successful harvest festivals ever held in this place of worthip. Mr Fred Podmore was the acconananist. It is pleasing to notn that the financial success is proportionate to the 811C,IPSS achieved in other directions, for the proceeds are in advance of former years.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John the Evangelist's Church, Weston.

The harvest thanksgiving services in connection wn the above place of worship, were held on Sunday. The ladies of the congTegation had not spared time or trouble to give the church a haryestlike appearance. There was a good congregation in the morning, Wien special harvest hymns were sung. In the evening, when the church was crowded, the Rev W H Sables I delivered an appropriate sermon. The choir rend-red the anthem " Blessed are they that dwell in Thine house," ar d special hymns were also sung. The col- le:tions were satisfactory:

Halton-road Wesleyan Church Runcorn

The harvest festival in connection with the above place of worship was held on Sunday. The sacred edifice readily lends itself to decorative art and the effect produced was artistic and pictureoque. In the morning the Rev H Morrison delivered a thought- ful sermon on the harvest, and in the evening the Rev A Wells preached a good sermon to a very large congrega- tion. The choir rendered " 0 clap your hands " and " He watereth the hills," in a splendid Interpretative manner. Mr W Shaw's voice was hoard to advantage in the solo " Lead kindly light," and Mr J Houghton sang the recitative part allotted to him in fine style. The proceeds which were highly satisfactory will be I devoted to the circuit funds.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Nelson-street, Runcorn.

The annual harvest festival in connection with the above place of worship was held no Sunday and Mon- day In the afternoon toe Rev A Wells, superintendent minister, delivered a very appropriate addre,s on " Seeds of kindness " and at the evening service Mr Henry Dodd gave an instructive account of the parable of the sower. The snug little room bad been very neatly decorated by the workers of the mission and presented quite a charming and pictuesque appearance, Round the walla of the building were draped sheaves of wheat tastefully interwoven with flowers and foliage. At intervals baskets of thwers were suspended and adorning the walls were appropriate floral tat.lets. The rostrum looked magnificent and w,ari decorated with ivy and white chrysanthemums tastefully festooned wit Siberian crabs. Fruit was displayed in profusion those connected with the miis.on having gratuitousiv given a large supply. Oa Monday the fruit was sold and the proceeds realised the very fair sum of £3 which will be devoted to circuit purposes. Special anthems were rendered by the choir.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Wesleyan Church, Weston Point.

The harvest festival services of the above church were held on Sunday,and continued on Monday evening, The interior of the church had been beautifully decor atid, with a larg quantity of corn, fruit, and flowers. Ins ide the communion rails, a large table had been tastrfully set out with a choice collection of tomatoes, grapes and other fruits, this portion of the decorations being grestly admired. The service in the morning when there was a large congregation, was conducted by Mr bract Hayes. In the afterncon a special musical service was he d, at which a number of an- thems were rendered by St Paul's Choir, Runeorn,under the cmductorship of Mr Leathwood. Mr IlDwyer pre- sided at the new piano provided for the use of the Sunday school. There was a crowded congregation, and a collection of £3 was taken, this being for the piano fund. In the evening the Rev J Barnet Foster preached to a very large congregation. 'taking for his discourse the words rf Psalm cxvi. 12. At the con- tinuation service on Monday evening Mr W Unsworth conducted a pub ic service, at the close of which the fruit and vegetables were sold, and the proceeds devoted to the trust fund.

Primitive Methodist Chapel, Runcorn.

On Sunday was held the annual festival in connection with the above place of worship. The ladies had be- stowed considerab'e care on the arrangement of the flowers, fruit, and foliage, and the sacred edifice pre- sented quite a charming appearance. The pillars had been very neatly draped with long strings of coloured flowers and leaves, while be- tween them hung baskets which held a collection of the most lovely ferns, dahlias, and asters imaginable. The conimunion rails were decorated with a fringe of oats and leaves intermingled with flowers, while the cushion at the foot held a splendid collection of some of the choicest fruits of the earth. The table held a most faithful representation in bread of a wheat- sheaf and on either side were ranged agricultural imple- ments. Within the rails was also a very small picture- esque stack of wheat which gave a pretty appearance to the view. The choir stalls had been very neatly and effectively decorated by the choir who did their work in such a manner as to leave nothing to be desired. A large harp composed of oats, flowers and foliage and strung with strings of small red crab apples fronted the organ, while on either side were festooned lengths of pretty creepers from which hung asparagus fern. The pulpit was a very pretty work of art. The centre panel contained the motto of the harvest " Plenty," worked with red crab on a light background, and fringed on either side with fruits of the harvest, the window sills, top, had come in for a good share of attention and literally groaned beneath a profusion of fruit. The prettiest decoration, however, was a vase covered with violet asters and daintily relieved • with white stocks. In the morning tho preacher was

===== 0002601_19010927_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
the Rev .113 Foster,who delivered an excellent discourse on the value of giving thanks for our many blessings. In the evening there wag a large congregation, the chapel being crowded to its utmost capacity. The anthems were "Sing unto the Lord," " Great and marvellous,"" Bless the Lord," and "Sing unto the Lord of the Harvest." The choir in the rendering of each showed uniform excellence, and showed unmistakable signs of careful rehearsal. The Solos were given with equal credit by Messrs T Midge. A Shingler, and T Williams. A duet was also splendidly interpreted by Miss Davies and Mr A Shingler. At the sale of the fruit on the Monday evening a substantial sum was realized which will be devoted to the circuit fund. The collections towards the same fund were also satisfactory.

_ LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WIDNES. DATE. CLUE. GROUND. 19.11.

Points For Aestr Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 Z 28 Altrincham home Oct. 5 Morecambe away 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home P 6 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. Nov 2 Stockport sway 9 Barrow home 16 Altrincham 16 Lancs. V. Yorkshire in Yorkshire 23

33 Millom home Dec 7 14 Lancaster home 21 Lancist,r away 25 (Christmas hay) 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Barrow • aW,

••; ay 11 Lancs. v. Cumberland. in Lane. 18 Radcliffe home 25 Stockport . tome Feb, 1 Rochdale Horbets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens—. boy

15 Cup Tie. Askarn away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup Tie 12 Diatom away 19 26 Cup Tie

ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901.

Points For Agr C. Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster . h ,me 4 0 21 Widnes "[home 2 5 28 RochdAle Plornets Oct. 5 Barrow away home 12 Stockport away 19 26 Lancaster away 26 Lancs. v Cheiliire, In Lancs. Nov. 2 Radcliffe 16 Birkenhead _ away

16 Lancs. V Yorkehireja Yorge.

23 Millom away 30 Dec. 7 Radcliffe 14 Barrow 21 Morecambe away 25 (Christmas Day) 26 Bank HolidaY) 28 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrincham away 11 Lane!. v Cemberiand in Lancs. 15 Stockport home 18 25 Feb. 1 8 Millom home 15 Birkenhead home 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tie. Hull Kingston R away 29 Cup Tie Aprll Cup Tie 12 Semi-final Cup Tie 19 26 Final Cup Tie

A Lymm Licensing Application Refused. At the Altriucham Licensing Sessions on Monday James Beswick, of the Crown Hotel beerhouse, Booth's Hill, Lymm, applied for a wine on-licence. The police opposed, as d.d Mr Ridgway, solicitor of Warrington. on behalf of a number of property owners. Mr Becton, solicitor, in presenting the applicacion,said the applicant was constantly asked for wine by visitors to the house, and he submitted. that the req lest of Mr Beswick that he should be granted a wine licence Vqe3 a reasonable one. Ap— plicant, in his evidence, said he did not cater tor picnic parties on Sundays, and in cross-examina— tion said that whatever rowdyism there might have been in Lymm lately there had been no rowdv, characters supplied at his house. Mr Ridgway said he had nothing whatever to say againsi.• applicant's house, but he thought a wine licence was not needed for the premises. A similar application was made last year, and was refused, and he contended that no new circumstances had arisen such as would warrant the granting of the licence aßked for now. The Bench took this view, and refused the applica— tion.

OUR NEW SERIAL.

We have pleasure in announcing that we have secured for publimition iu our columns a Serial entitled—

"A °HEN'S SOLDIER," • 13F WALTER WOOD, AUTHOR CF " BARRACK AND BATTLEFIELD," " FAMOUS BRITISH WARSHIPS." " THROUGH BATTLE TO PROSIOTION," " A CAPTAIN IN THE FUSILIERS," " A SOLDIER OF THE LEGION," tn.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
F. OMETHING ABOUT THE AUTHOR.

MR. WALTER WOOD first became well-known as a writer of stories dealing with military life through the medium of the London magazines.whose editors were not slow to recognise the unusually close acquaintance with barrack and campaign life and the dry humour which his work consistently re— vealed. He possesses the fundamental quality 119Ced- wiry to success as a novelist—the ability to tell a story ; and the reader's interest never flags.

Of his first published volurne,sof military stories the London "Daily Telegraph " said, ''There are few stronger or more captivating stories in the English language." A companion volume of naval articles won the rare honour, for a young writer, of a special—and generous—article in " The Saturday Review." from that distinguished naval critic, the late Admiral Colomb.

EOMETHING ABOUT THE STONY.

A QUEEN'S SOLDIER "is a story of Yorkshire and of the South African battlefields. Its hero is a trooper in the Impsrial Yeomanry, who leaves his father's farm and his sweetheart for the dusty veldt and the interminable hardships of the campaign. The author's experience in war subjects enables him, without apparent effort, to bring before the reader a brilliant series of pictures of like in the field. While he offers plenty of excitement in the way of skirmishing and of more serious battles, he never loses sight of the obligation as a novelist to give a human interest to his work, and the events of the war are shown, not as matters of dull history, hut as they appeared to Mark Berm, trooper in the Imperial Yeornanry,while performing his duty as a soldier of the Queen. Bean is wounded in a skirmish, and is taken as a prisoner to Pretoria. Events enable him at length to escape, but only to undergo terrible sufferings. Perhaps this portion of the tale will be found to possess the most thrilling interest for readers. Benn's experiences in his wild clash for liberty are partly founded on fact and they are graphically described. There are afterwards some glimpses of life in hospital, and the tale ends as happily as everyone who rn. 'tea the acquaintance of Mark Benn and his svveeth, art woute desire it to do. "A Queen's Soldier," a. the work of one who knows how to write intelligently about war, with- out overloading the picture, will, we confidently believe, be found to rank among the best stories which have been written about the South African strnale.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
"A QUEEN'S SOLDIER."

The opening chapters of thle Story will appear ino our columns on

FRIDAY, OCTOBER llnr.

,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
i , 1 . . .. , i : t / t D t , .'. ' 1 1 , ~ \ 4.4..° ''''. • ..°. ...41, ' ' 11 , 14 1 I 1 ' ' 1 ' '.l 7 1;i ,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
qr,r.-

===== 0002601_19010927_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

I

i

I

/

===== 0002601_19010927_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE.

Many peopie after enjoying the good things of life are subject to much after suffeeng from the inability of the stomach to perform its dutie.. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would strengthen the digestive organs and serve to remedy the evil. Gwilym Evans' I Quinine Bitters is the Beet Remedy of the age for Indi- gestion, Weakness, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite, Flatulence, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness. and Chest Affec- tions. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and containe neither iron nor mercury, not any injurious mineral substances, which accumulate in the system when taken in medicise. and cause future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Natural Remedy, containing a most nappy combination of Quinine with the active principles of the best known and most valuable plants, which have not hitherto been successfully dispensed. Now Indigestion a•surnes so many forms that there is scarcely a complaint which it may not resemble in one way or another. It has not been inaptly termed " Our National Disease." There is no disease more prevalent or more difficult to cure. It lEi a disease of the stomach, and assumes a variety of different forms in parts of the body far removed from the stomach. The only trustworthy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans' Q iinine Bitters, which. acting upon the digestive organs, strengthens them and stimu- lates them to healthy action, and gives tone to the •whole stomach, imparting new life, hope, strength, and happiness. NERVOUS DISORDERS.

Nervous &soviets are generally traceable to defective digestion. Most nervous people are ri7speptic also. The stomach does not digest the food ; the necessary supply of vital particles which the blood should receiv.. from properly digested food fails, and the result is felt almost immediately upon the most sensitive portions of the human organism—the Nerves. Impure blond irritates the nerves and causes nervous weaknev. This renders the nervous system very liable to h. affected by unhealthy influences. In nine cases outlof ten, if the imperfect digestion be remedied, the nervousness and weakness will disappear. The only certain rrmedy is Gwilym Evans' Qiinine Bitters, sold everywhere in bottles 2r. 91. and 4s. 61. each, or will be sent, carriage free. on receipt of stamps, direct, by the Sole Prorriet- ors :—Tbd Quinine Bitters Manufacturing CrmnstiV, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imita- tions. The name " Gwilym vans"F, must be found to the label, on the stamp, and on the blttle, to ensure its being genuine. Be sure you get he right article when you ask for it Do not be put off with substitutes. No thee preparation is "Just as good "or " The same hing."

===== 0002601_19010927_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A MIDNIGHT SCENE AT LOMB BROOK -CONSTABLE

ASIAULTED BY A LATCHFORD MAN. John Burns, le.ederick-street, Latchford, WA3 charged at Daiesbury Petty eessions on fuesday with assaulting PC. Williams:whilst in the execution of his duty on the Ist September, also with doing damage to a lamp. the property of the Cheshire County Council, to the extent of is 6d. D, fendant was represented by Mr T S Steel, and pleaded not guilty.—Before the hearing of the evidence, Mr Steel said that defendant had been charged with stealing nibs of potatoes on the same date. He understood that the Case had been with- drawn, and he applied for it to be marked "dis- missed." The magistrates complied with OA] request. P.C. Williams, stationed at Grappenhall, said that a., five minutes to twelve p.m., on Sunday. September Ist, be was in Chester-road, Grappenhall, near Limb Brook Bridge, when he met the defendant coming from the direction of Apolekton Thorn, accempanied by two grey- hounds. When defendant turned the corner witness observed that the man's pockets were very bulky. Wanes!' stopped him and said, " What have you got there ?" Defendant said "Nothing." Barns was then carrying a large puce of wood in his right hand. Wit- ness then searched the pockets, and found 121,b5. of potatoes. On asking where he got them from Burns replied, "From a man on the road from Appleton, th.t Ido not know him." Defendant gave the name of "Smith, Warrington." Witness said, "All light, Burns, a very handy name is Smith.'' He told defendant he would have to go with him to Stockton Heath Police Station. When about 20 yarda up the road Burns put his right foot out and tripped witness. He had his lamp with him and fell on it, damaging it to the extent of 19 61. His hand was also cu'. Defendant threw off his cost and ran in the direction of Latchford Without. Witness pursued him, but failed to catch him. At 12 a.m. the following morning P.C. Hardy and he went to defendant's house and apprehended him. VVhen charged Burns said he knew nothing about the matter —Cross- examined: It was a moonlight night. D fondant walked vietly along for 80 cards. D fendant tripped him and slipped his coat. Witness denied that the wood got between his legs and tripped him.— Mr. Ste 4 said that the defendant's story was that he was stepped by the constable when going under Lumb Brook Bridge, and when P.C. Wil iams asked him to go he said " All right, I will go." He walked away about 80 yards and then defendant foolishly tried to get out ot the constable's grasp. He slipped his coat off the left arm, when the piece of wood got between the con- stable'a legs and tripped him up. D .fendant was a respectable young man and bad been working at Messrs Fletcher Russells and Company's works for a number of yeaxs. In consequence of having been arrested he had lost his employer.ent.—Burns was then charged with stealing a ferret, the property of Mr J Charton Parr, at Grappenhall, on the 11th August.—Defendant was fined 104 and mils and for the theft 103 and costs (£2 14s in all.)

===== 0002601_19010927_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Councillors bn3ethorst and John Roberts ood Mr. Thorrdon. AN INORDINATS DEBIRE FOR THE OTHER SEX."—TinIHRS Newton, 9, Williamson's-rourt, was summoned for neglect- ing his four children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health,—He pleaded g‘ilty,—Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C.. and pointed out that there was "no drink " in this case. The neglect arose from the defendant's foolishness and inordtuate desire for the other sex. Be spent all his money on clothes for himself, and his children had noth ng but bread and butter t) eat from one week's end to the other, except when neighbours gave them other food. Defendant hal on a number of occasions walked cut young women, making them believe he was a tingle man. He had run his wife out of the house, and his wife had repeatedly complained to Inspector Hackett and the police' The defendant's wife was called and said her husband gave her 244 per week, but out of that she had to pro- vide him with pocket money and something for alothes. On Friday night he turned her and the children out because she ref ase el to redeem some of his clothing from pawn.—lnspee- tor Hackett said tkat when Mrs Newton came to his house on Friday night she told quite a different story. He had visited the house and had found very little good. The bedding was very poor.—P.o Clough also gave evidence.—The magistrates decided that there was not sufficient evidence to convict and dismissed the case. At the same time, said the Mayor, if ever defendant was broueht before the Court for any offences connected with his conduct, he would get "pretty stiff time." . .

FINED FOR ASSlELT.—!iiorah Knight,! 2, ViNtkin-street, was fined'bs for assaulting Elizabeth Dagna,l, 24, Winwick- road.—Joseph Leigh, 37, tiostock-street, were fined 10s for assaulting Lecelia James. 10, Bostock-street TRESPASSING AT LATERFORD.—John William Slevin. 54. Mill-street. was summoned for trespassing in search of partridges on jaod in the occupation of William Lamb, Wash- lane, Latchford on September 12th.-I'rosecutor said he was working in w field adjoining the one in which the offence took place, when he heard the report of a gun. fin lo,king round he saw the defendant me king across the field. Half an hour before. he saw a number of pigeons and a covey of partridges in the field. On being asked tor his name and addrels defenclantlitted up his gun in a threaten- ing manner and refused to give the information. On b.lng been a second time he gave his name and adireis.—A fine of 10s and costs was imposed.

• SATURDAY.—Before Mr Birchen tin the chair), Councillor John Roberts, aud Mr It T Fairclough. A NEGLIGENT NEWTON FATHER —John Goulder, of Barlestown, was charged with running away from the town- ship of Newton. leaving his three clrldren chargeable to the common fund of the Warrington Cnton.—Mr Shearer said that this man applied on Wednesday to the Guardians for his three children to be admitted into the workhouse. The Guardians said they would not admit them unless the man himself went into Ste house. Be took the children back to Earlestown And left them in the street. Their ages were eleven, nine. and Seven years respectively. The children whom he deliterately deserted were to the workhouse now. —This statenvnt was corroborated by Mr Bowes. relieving off cer for the Newton district, and Mrs Trevers.—Prisoner said he never left the town. He expected the ne'Rbbrure to keep the ckildren as they were good neighbours. The magis- trates committed prisoner to gaol for a month. MONDAY.- Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Heaton. Messrs 3 Wright, Hayward and Thornton.. THREATENED HIM WITH A BA.YoNET.—Michael Concagh, 18, Watkin-atieet was charged with making use of threats towards Edwin Moran, Gee-street, on tiaturday.—Cona- plainant stated that prisoner made his appearance at his (complainant's) lodgings and producing a bayonet said be would " put it through him.' —The Chief Constable said prisoner had stolen the layonet from the forgo—Prisoner was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the Costs. A WOMAN ASSAULTS A CONSTABLE —Margaret Lowe, Lastlagos,'s-lane. was charged with assaulting Police-conetable Edwards, in Lyttigoe's-lane, on Saturday night.—The officer stated that he received a complaint from the wJrnan's hus- band about her conduct, and on going into Lythgoe's-lane some time afterwards he saw her sitting on her doorstep. She became excited, and said her husband had thrown her out. Witness was knocking et the door to try to persuade the husband to take her in, when the woman suddenly jumped up and struck him in the eye with a hard substance, probably a key. This caused witness's eye to swell and to be discoloured.—Defendant was tined 10s and costs, with the option of 14 days' hard lakodr. SCENE NEAR BANK QUAY CTATION.—Brneat Furlong Col- lings. king-street, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly, and With assaulting Police•conetable Clough in

Thynne-stree, on Sunday afternoon.—Henry Alpinell, the ' stationmaster at Bank Quay Station, said his attention was called to the prisoner and another Young man, named Kelly. in the refreshment room at Bank Quay Station. They were behaving in a disorderly manner, and he had to get the assistarace of several people among whom was William Burrows a booking clerk, to ger. them away. When the two were got into Parksr-street Kelly kicked Burr3ws OR the leg Police-:ionstable Clough, who was in plain c'othes.cams upon the scene and he had to take prisonsr in'o custoJv. Prisoner was very violent and had to be handcuffed—P.C. Cough said prisoner struck him several times In tbe neck. and was very violent all the way to the Police Station. He effused witness 18s to look over the affair. A fine ot be and costs for the drunkenness and 204 and costs for the assault was imposed. LIVELY DOINGS IN DILL-STREET.—Bridget O'Brien, Dial- street. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Dial-street. on Saturday night. and also with having assaulted Mary —P S. Williamson said he beard a disturbance in Dial-street and going there saw the prisoner who was drunk sitting on a door step and using bad lan- guage. When taken into custody she became very violent. and had to be carried to the Police Station.—Mary Ellison, Rose-yard, off Dial.street, said the prisoner met her and said she had been waiting for her all night. She knocked her on the ground and kicked her three times.—The Chief Constable said the p•isoner had an exceedingly bad record. She had been before the Court thirteen times.—Prisoner was sent tupsol for fou, teen days. RAN AWAY FROM HOME —Margaret Gladys Robinson. Albert-terrace. Howley. was charged with sleeping In an outbuilding in Clifton-street early on Sunday morning.— P.C. Cooper proved the cave. The girl's father said ahe had run away from home. He had male several attempts to find her. Her home was too good for her.—Mr Taylor the Police Court Missionary, was asked to do what he rould with a view to getting the girl into a home, and the case was adjourned for that purpose for three days SUNDAY FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—WiIIiaM Lucock, 37. Scotland road ; Thomas Bartley. Scotland•road ; Thomas Broderick, Scotland-road : William Fay, 4. Cambria-place ; James Barber, Cambria-place ; Martin Rowan. 50, Oliver- street ; William Dutton, 7, Sliver-square; John Fox. 13. Heath-lane ; Henry Cook. 18, Brwood-street ; Peter Leonardy. 3, Toft's-yard ; Charles Holmes, 16., Silver-street ; Thomas Bate, 16, c ilver-street ; John Clifton, 10. Portland- street, all youths ; were summoned for playing football in Queen-street on Sunday. the 15th Inst. When asked to rnead each of the lads replied •• Not guilty of playing in Qoeen-street."—The case was proved by P.C.'s Howard and Isigby, and each was fined 8. 6d, or in default 7 days' imprisonment.—Alderman Heaton said the defendants had rendered themselves liable to a tomtits, of Us. If they came before the Bench again they would be severely dealt with.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY —Before Mr William Long (in the chair), Colonel Ridgway. and Mr Joseph Knowles. BIV,A.CH OF THE SWINE FEVER REGULATIONS: —Thomas Henry Fairhurst, farmer, Hatton was charged with f Ring to obtain three declaration orders with re ,ard to the removal of pigs. Two other charges of the same offaace were preferred against him —Alter hearing the evidence. the Bench dis- missed two cases add fined defendants 5s and costs in the other case.

CRUELTY T 1 • HORSE AT GRAPPENHALL.—Joseph Clare, Morris Brook Farm, Grappenhall, was charged with ill- treating a horse at Grappenhall on the 18th beptember by causing it to be worked whilst in an unfit state.—He pleaded guilty.—Dennis Quinn. Clare's servant, was charged with wor%ing the animal whilst it was in an unfit state. Me add he was guilty. but had to obey his boss's orders."— PC. Williams said that on the date in question he was standing near his station when he saw Quinn driving a bay horse attached to a cart an Bradshaw's-lane, Grappsnhall. He turned the horse into the field. On examination he found that the animal was very lame, the near fore foot being very much swollen and Inflamed. In reply to a question, defendant sail his driver told him to take the horse out. He saw Clare twenty minutes later and he Bald the ' ho-se had been lame for a mo-ith or ea, and bad done no work during that period.—lnspector Print said that he examined the horse and found that this was a case of " chronic" lameness.—Clare said that the horse had a crushed foot and he thought it would do it good oa the field as the ground was soft.—He was ordered to pay ZOs and costs, and the costs of the summons azainst Quinn.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDLT.—Brfore Mews J..Ockleeton (in the chair). and W.

Timmins,

A TROUBLESOME DEBroa.—Charles Shakeshaft was suel by Walter Gerrard agent for John Poole. 5. Langholme terrace. St. ilelens for £2.—Prosecutor stated that the defendant, who was represented by his wife, occupied for some time a house for which he was agent, and removed his goods to avoid paying any rent. An order had been made at the c mrt to' 103 a month on the sth October last. The balance now owing Was £3 15s but as defendant, was four months in arrears he asked for the immediate payment of £2 now ow- ing. A warrant had been issued before in the same way and defendant had always paid. He would rot pay until he was forced —Am order was made that defendant pay in 7 days or In default 21 days. THE DAY BEFORE THE WEDDING.—Sarah Trelfer. a single woman was charged with assaulting Sergeant Gregory while in the exeeution of his duty. —Se geant Gregory stated that at 12 noon on Saturday he went to prisoner's house to appre- hend her brother when prisoner got a. poker and struck him violently ..cross the arm and the back. Between her brother and mother they got him d .wia on the floor.—Sargeant Bgertou stated that he went In company with the last witness and had he not rescued tilt sergeant he would have , been brutally assaulted. Prisoner was more Ike a mad woman than anything eise.—Prisoner said that she had lived 22 years in Runcorn and was to h Lye been married on. the Sunday but as else had been loaked up the marriage ail idot come off—Mr Johnson, magistrates' clerk : P -rhaps a good job too —The Bench lanind the prisoner over for six months in one surety of £5. COMMITTAL TO THE QUARTER SE‘SlONS.—Thomat Trelfer WAS charged with stealing a rug on the 2.lth September. the property of J Horsefield.—Thornas Stokes. master of the Sate '• flannah "and '' Lilt "sold that the rug Was safe In the cabin on Friday. but it WAS missing on the following morn- ing. Prisoner was not about nor had be been working for witness—John Hands. captain of the boats "Kate" and Henry," stated that prisoner Came and threw the rug pro- duced on his flats. Witness was sitting by some timber on the canal bank at the time When questione,t by witness prisoner said he has% picked the rug up near Bill Johnson's. Perciva2-lane., They afterwards went and had a drink together. In consequence of seeing the initials JHH on the cloth he took them to Mr tiOrseEeld's.—Sergeant Gregory said that he received information that the rug had been stolen and traced it to the prisoner. afterwards apprehending him at his mother's house, 13, Cartwright-street. Prisoner admitted the theft.—Prisoner was now charged with stealing seven earthenware ornaments value Is 2d from John Helps on the 23th September, Pro- secutor stated that the cabin door of his flat had been prized open during his absence and the articles produced stolen.— P.C. Wilding stated that the prisoner who had ben detained in the cells said he had stolen the things which were at Cowards—Elizabeth Jones barmaid at the " Derby Arms ' Inn, stated that prisoner came to the public house on the 20th September. He put the articles on the counter saying that he had got them from the potteries. Witness said she did not want them and be left the house leaving them on the counter. Prisoner was committed tor trial to the Q saner Sessions. THE BED Mots, Havrox. —Mr Johnson, magistrate's clerk said that it was the adjourned licensing day but there was no business to be done. The Superintendent had how- ever, something to say. Superintendent Bonbon said his attention hal been directed by the Chief Constable to the " Reel Lion" Hotel, Halton. In company with the Nuisance Inspector. Mr J Percival. he had visi.ed the house and found the ba^k part of the premises very much cramped. The arrangements were very bad and required altering.—The landlord said the property belonged to Messrs Greenall Whitley and C', and he had no doubt they wont", do all that was required when th-ir attenti m WAS drawn ti the matter. —lt Was arranged that the matter be brought to the notice of the tlrin.

_ VACCINATION ••YFftlter Worthy applied for a certificate to exempt hie child Margaret from being vaccinated. The Chairman granted the application but remarked that he did not at all agree with the applicant's conscientioqs objection. DRUNK AND DDIORDERLY.—John Hall was fiaed bs and costs for being drunk on the 21st September.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEILTH

Week endiwg, Saturday. Sept Nth, 1901.

During the week, the following births and death were registered .

Warrington Registration District, 46 births, 19 deaths. The excesa of births over deaths was. 27. Toe birth rate was (goal to 37'1 per 1,000.

. . The'deatil-rat. from all causes was eval to 15.3 per 1,000, againstllB•B, 'he av3rage of the previous four weeks, and against 19 2, th 3 corresponding period of last year. The death-rare from th= ssven chief zvrnotic diseases was (quill to -8 per 1,000, against 74, the average rate 01 the previous four weeks, and against 40 the corresponding period of 1900. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. Total 9 2 1 1 5 1 19. The deaths included-2 from diarther, 3 from lun,e disease, 2 from hart disease, 2 from injuries, 11 from all other causes.

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scariet Fever 1 case. Diphtheria 1 case, Enteric Fever 2 cases, Erysipelas 2 cases

- Total number of patknts in hospital week ending 17th Sept, 13.

. - Metenro!ogy.—The mean temperature was 57 Fah.. and therefore 3 deg. bitAer than preceding week. The maximum temperature 70 F., was recorded on the B'h inst., and the minimum temperature 41 F., on the 14th inst.

The Rainfall measured •13 inch. The general direc- tion was S.E.

JOHN GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer ot Health

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEECAPS, &C.—For Varicose Veins and all casee of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs. Sprain. ece ; they are porous, light In texture, and inexpensive, and are drawn o like an ordinary etocking.—Prices 4. 6il, Ts 61, and 10s 6cl each.—Postages free.—Warre AND WRIGHT Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Renshaw-street, top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
rfrF, EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27 1901.

ended in the ball going to Gulley, who ran in his second try. the place kick failing. A dangerous attack by Salford was repelled,and then Johnson,frorn Molyneux's pass, scored near the poets, Dunbavin kicking a goal. Salford were now a heatea team, and their subsequent attacks upon the L -igh line were easily repelled. Result :—Leigh. one goal and three tries (eleven points): Salford, one goal (two points ) Oldham v. Huddersfield.

This contest was decided at Oldham, before 6,000 spectators. At the outset Oldham attacked, and a fumble by Readyhough let Topham in, the result being that Sam Lees scored • goal. Oldham continued on the aggressive, Ltwton and Williams scorine. Thou4h the visitors attacked towards the finish, Otdham won by two goals and three tries (13 points) to nil.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

ITOCKBY.—If one firm of manufacturers mere than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport, that firm is GEo. G. BUSSEY & Co.. ot London. who are leading the way again with their Hockey Clubs and Balls which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G. B Co.'s Special Hockey List. If mot proc irable apply to 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-street,London. Factory—Peckham,..—Advt. (2.)

Secretaries a Cricket Clubs are requeited to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach tbe Head Office, Bewsev-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION'.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Warrington's 111-Luck at Broughton.

Warrington and Broughton Rangers met at Brough- ton on Saturday, and as each side had so far won all their engagements the interest in the encounter was very keen. The weather was damp, but notwithstand- ing the drizzle a crowd of about 9,000 assembled at VVheater's Field to watch the play. Warrtngton were fully reprerented,and the Rangers also had their selected team out though it was somewhat changed from the one which hsd done duty in previous matches The field was in brio order-which is rather unusual at Lower Broughton. Mr. MTutcheon (Oldham) was referee, and the teams lined out as blows :

Warrington : Flaßani, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, three-quarters; Allen and Bur- gess, half-backs ; Morrison, Fdl, Edmoncson, Scholtze, Eden, Cunnineham, J Swift and F Swift, forwards.

_ . Broughton Rangers: Harry, full back; Widdeson, Wilson, Hogg, and Graham, thfec-quarters ; W James, James, hall-backs; Stead, Thompson, Winskill, Cleminson (Captain). Ruddick, Whitehead, Harris and Wolfenden, forwards. Broughton won the toss and J Swift started for Warringtou,play settling at centre:lllßn aid Isherwood got away but the latter was tackled before he could part to Fish. W James got bold and passed to Wilson who ran strongly into the VVarriaeton half where he fell a victim to Harris and Hallam. Loose ;lay followed, Hallam putting in a useful mark when pressed. The Rangers got possession and a beautiful round of passing by the whole cf the backs was only checked on the Warrington lice where Fish tackled Wilson splendidly. Broughton scrimmaged close in, but Warrington holed out, and relief was brought by Burgess.lsherwood, and Fish who lan into the home half. A free-kick further improved Warrington's chano.s. S James came away with a tricky run but his pass to Widdeson went into touch, Allen punting into the home quarter. Dickenson improved matters with a smart run, but slow work behind the scrimmage by Burgess prevented the attack being successful. The forwards then rushed the ball to the line, Hoge clearing. Fish mulled a catch and the Rangers at once dashed into the Warrington half, a round of passing being again checked by Fish at the corner. Dickenson received from Allen and dodged past the home backs. but Thompson brought him down. A long punt by Wilson was splendidly followed on, and Hallam did well to save on the llie. Keen plan followed. the Rangers combining excellently and meeting a superb defence. Wilson and Graham made repeated efforts to get in, but Fish and Isner- wood never missed grassing the man with the ball. Warrington worked their way to centre by go forward play but were soon detending again, the Rangers b-ing, the more aggressive team. Widdesen made a fice effort at the corner but fell to a host I tacklers. Warrington were kept busy defending, but they gave the Rangers little latitude in the back divi- sion. Burgess was penalised and W James had an easy goal kick opposite the posts but failed to land a goal. Just before the interval Fish was carried off with an injured leg. When the whistle sounded Warrington had- got to mid-field again and there was no score. After the interval play was resumed by Thompson, Fish taking his usual place on the Warrington side though obviously lame. Isherwood got hold and ran finely into the home half, but Fish could not support him. The eff trt put Warrington on the attack, how- ever, and a minute later Allen dribbled from the scrim- mage very cleverly. He kicked the ball past Barry, and then Fish forgot his injuries, and sprinted up to score a , smart try at the corner. II allain failed at goal from a wide angle. A kick from touch changed the venue aad Warrington were pressed back. tV James grit hold out fell a victim to tho watchful ackenson• The Rangers again heeled out and this time W James bluffed the Warrington backs and gave Hogg an easy try not five minutes after Warrington had scared. There was no goal and the sides were now equal again. Warrington lad the advantage of a slight breeze and showing plenty nit dash they got the upper hand of the Rangers again. Itherwond speedily folios. ed up and tackled Harry in his own quarter. Splendid football on both sides was now witnessed, Warrington getting the better of some exchange kicking and keep- ing the Rangers penned. Wilson and Graham ran to centre' but the relief was only temporary, Warrington quite overplaying their opriOnenta as time went On. Hogg was upset close to his line, and a penalty accruing to the visitors, Hallam kicked a file goal from long range. The score was signalised by the Rangers making a desperate rush to the Wartinetcn half, Fish falba:: a victim to numbers opposite the posts. Exciting play followed, the Warrington backs defending grandly. Slowly they drove the home team back, Harris inter- cepting a pass and running well into the home half. A fine bout of passing by Warrington , looked certain to materialise, Fsh racing for the line but Harry made a sure tackle of the would-be scorer. Then Allen got over but was brought back. Warrington kept peeelng away, Elsllam having hard luck with a drop-kick c,ose cia W. James got away again but hqi too long and Allan upset him promptly. Warrington appeared to have the game well won when play tra- velled past the centre again, The ball was mis.kicked , ever to Widdeaon's wing and the little Broughtonian [ picked up, eluded Harris, and scored one of the most sensational tries ever seen not a minute from time. Broughton thus won by a single point after beine to all appearances soundly beaten. Full score, Broughton Rangers, 2 tries (6 points) ; Warrington, 1 goal 1 try (5 point).

===== 0002601_19010927_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn v. Halifax.

On Saturday there was a very good crowd at the frwell-lane enclosure to witness one of the rrost inter- esting fixtures of the season. The Yorkshire club brought their strongest team and Rancorn also turned out as advertised, Houghton once more taking his pssition at the rear. Fortunately the weather was all that could be desired and the ground was in rare con- dition for a fast open game. Prompt to time both captains led their teams on the field amid the cheers of their partizons,—a good number having journeyed from Halifax with their favourites! The teams were : Runcorn : S Houghton, back ; J Inglesfield, J Butt,rwortha Richardson and H Jones, thrervarters ;1 J Faulkner and J Jollev.half backs; S Walker,H Farmer, W Liehtfoot.ll It=ece,J Langley,W Woods,W Houghton, ' diad J Tomlinson, forwards. Halifax : Little, back; N ckoll. Jones, Riley, and Mailing°., three qoarters •, Rigg and Nettleton, half- backs ' • Kitson, Langhorn, i.artle, Swinbank, Heap, Wood and Winskill, forwards. Runc,srn won tip toss and elected to play with a slight bee z that was blowing from end to end. Wood started, Farmer returning well to centre. From the scrummige Halifax tamed possession but Hougtton proved safe. A little later a combined rush by the visitors placed the Ru,:corn line in peril and the danger was but narrowly averted. Jolley eventually got the leather and act the thre.-quarter line in motion. After a brilliant bout of passing Jones gained a capital try, sheering right through his opponents in a wonder- ful manner. The goal kick failed. Play settled at centre, Rigg and Riley eventually carrying the leather to the home line where Houghton effected a good save.' Runcorn still attacked strongly, the forwards headed by Walker dribb'ing right down the field, where Little saved at a critical moment. The game continued to be of a dirK-dong nature, the vi.itors having slightly the hest of matters. Half-time : Runcorn, one try ; Halifax, nil.

After the interval Runcorn played up with much more determination. Following a series of exchanges play settled in mid field, where Reece bun his knee and ' had to leave the hid, returning to find the Runcorn front rank more than bolding their own. Nettleton mulled and let them in. Repeated scrums gave the borne halves the ball over and over again and Runcorn taxed the visiting &fence very severely indeed. Little stopped a comtined rush grandly but Runcorn were not to be denied and after several narrow escapes Jones made a splendid run and hand- ing to Faudiner who in turn handed to Walker enabled the latt'r player to score a fine try. Farmer failed at goal. Ituccrn still pressed hotly, and Wood was forced to kick dead twice in succe•sian. Houghtm in turn was calJ upon and sent the visitors to the rignt about with a grand kick. After more slack play Faulkner gathered the leather and slipped to Butterworth at the right moment. Inglesfield took a capital pass and handing to Faulkner enahled him to sc-re a splendid try lo.tweeza the Pests. Jolley easily converted. Runcorn had the best of the game and were the aggressors to the end of the game. Final : Runcorn. onelgoal throe tries ; Halifax, nil.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Leigh v. Salford.

At Leigh, before —5,009 spectators. The game was very fast and open, and consequently very evjoyable from a spectator's point of view. At the interval neither side had scored. Eventually, after 15 minutes' play, Leigh were penalised and Ldinas placed a grand goal for Salford. Leigh then pulled themselves together, and Molyneux broke clean away and pa-sed at tbe right time to Ganley, who tock the ball flying, and ran in a fine try, no goal resulting. Shortly afterwards splendid passing by Dunbavio, Molyueux, Johnson aod Knight,

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED. If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURE

Is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, end bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magi°. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Sold by all Chemists in bottles Is. led Post paid from KNUTZ AND CO. HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Hull v. Brighouse Rangers.

At Hull, before 8,000, the game being closely con- tasted. There was no score until nearly time when Townsend scored, Jacqaes failing. Hull still pressed and finally won. Result :—Hull, one try (three points) ; Brighouse Rangers, nil. Hunslet v Batley.

Two thousand spectators witnessed this game at Hunslet, in wet weather. Batley, who were short of Goodall and Fitz4erald, started the game, which was evenly contested up to the ioterval, the only score being adi opped goal by Albert Goldthorpe. Welter Gold- thorpe opened the second half, and each side attacked in turn. Albert Goldthorpe dropping at goal struck the upright, and when lime was called Hunslet had won an even game. Result :—Hunslet, one goal (two points) ; Batley, none.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

G. T. P. G T. P. Ba-row Millom Birkenhead Widnes . 1 5 St. Helens _ 1 _ _ 1 0 2

Wigan 1 3 11 Rochdale Hornets... 2 1 7 Stockport Widnes Win at St. Helens.

At St Helens. Etrly on BOWII saw his opportunity and dropped a goal. However it was not long before the teams were on an fq rality, for Widnes were penal- ised for off-side play, an I 1,,e kicked a splendid goal. From now up to the i -iterval the game was a wearisome succession of free-kicks and penalty kicks. At the interval the scire was a couple of points each. Oa re- suming Widnes placed a much better game. and they began to realise that passing among the three-quarters was part of the Rug'-v* code. There was no mistake in the tackling of the " Saints,"and it seemed as if a draw would be the final result. However. Peacock got his toe to the ball, which he kicked down the field. One of the St Helens backs tried to kick dead, but merely sent the hall over the goal-line.and Peacock seiz.d the opportun- ity and scored, Aspey,failieg to add the extra couple of The end came with Widnes the winners by five points to two.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH-EAST LANCASHIRE COM-

PETIT lON.

Stockport v. Swinton. .

The teams met at Stockport on Monday. Swinton were without Trayner and Valentine and Stockport were without Worsley. Swinton soon attacked, but S:ockplrt defended well. At half time Swinton led by two points to nothing. On resuming Swinton had most of the play, and eventually won by seven points to nothiag.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE RUGBY COM-

BINATION.

Warrington "A " Team Defeated.

Warrington "A" team encountered Broughton Rangers " A "on Saturday, the match being played on Wildcrspool enclosure before a fair attendance. Play followed the kick-nff until good passing between Scott, Duckworth. Hockmhall, and Ball saw the latter at fault with a: final pass. The homesters attacked strongly, and following a fine run and kick by Hockentiall the oval was rushed over, Antrobus notch- ing a try. IN. goal resulted. Lawless then placed a goal from a mark. Warrin2ton displaced smart work behind, but the visitors' forwards showed up with a combined ruth, Mullens scoring, hut the kick failed. Broughton av,,re now having more of the game,vig,orous work by the Pont rank taking play rig ht to the line again, but nothing resulted from the eff nt. Barran tried hard to break through without avail, but Knight bad his kick charged by D lakin, and he h•ri no diffi- culty in giving the visitori the lead. Half-time— nroughton,s x points ; Warrington, five points. During the second half the Rangers scored five points, and Lawless placed a couple of penalty goals, the final result being Broughton Rangers, eleven points ; Warrington " A," nine points. Fletcher Russell's Again Defeated,

Fletcher Russell's °laved Widnes "A" at the Lower- house-lana Ground, Wi Ines, on Saturday. Toe hom,- eters, who lined up for the first time with Butler as full back, lost the toss, and Hamlin commenced practice against the wind, but no return was made. By smart and judicious kicking the visitors worked down to the home goal line, where a series of dangerous scrummages took place. From one of these, the homesters having worked out a bit, the visitors got possession, and after a smart bit of work by their backs Roster placed a try to their credit, but this was not improved upon. From the re-start the visitors rushed away in brave style only to be effectually dealt with by Wickham. However, play was for toms time in the home ground, but eventually a smart breakaway by the home forwards took the game to the other end, where a very nice round of passing between Peters. Taylor, Wickham, and Barber resulted in the latter kicking dead. Later on, after his chance had been missed, an excellent attempt Iv Peters resulted in his being held up on the Engineers goal line. Half-time: Fetcher Russell's, three points ; Widnes "A," nil. In the second portion of the game the tone was a little varied, and the advantage lay with the homesters, who put in some admirable work. A fine bit of passing ended, after some trouble, in Barber getting over and equalizing. Taylor failed to convert, but, to recompense the home supporters for their evi- dent disappointment, Taylor worked hard to score, and was successful in dropping a goal, thus giving the lead to the homesters, who, when time arrived, had the advantage also of a second dropped goal, the sheet reading—Widnes "A," seven points; Fletcher Russell's three points. Runcorn "A" v. Werneth.

These teams met at Werne'h on Saturday, when Run- corn " A " were beaten by 11 points to 8 points.

LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE. Latchford Rangers v. Widnes Rangers. At Wi,derspool before a very small attendance. a, kicked off against the wind. sensitional ea there was a score after The Widnes s ta tlosing w s very hre y t 10 minutes play: The home team bore down near their opponents line, Bob Bite the ex•Warrington half, receiving, threw the leather to Hankinson, to score a try. The kick at goal failed. After this reverse, the visitors warmed to their work, and scored at the cor- ner. Tho kick at goal was a failure. The visitors shortly ' afterward scored again at the Corner. Flalf-time arrived with the scere :—Widnes Rangers 6 points, Latchford Rangers 3 point°. The second half was very even for a titre, the visitors having the better of the open Play- , Finding an opening they made no mistake and scored a third tr. Tho goal kick was successful. The home team strove hard to get on level terms, and the forwards, who were now pia', ing a nice game broke away and a try was scored by Heath, the home centre. The kick at go!! failed The game after this was very even. The whistle sounded for time, a good game end- ing with the score :—Widnes Rangers, 1 goal, 3 tries, 11 points; Latchford Rangers, 2 tries, 6 points. Runcorn Recreation v Widnes White Star.

At Runcorn on Saturday, both teams being well represented. Oultram kicked off for the White Star, who turned out. for he first time this season despite gloomy prognostications that they would be unable to raise a team. Flannigan broke away, almost crossing the line even play fpllowing. From A scrimmage Dun- bavin gain.d po.session and scored • brilliant try. F:anoigan kicking a goal. After this the Recs, !Aged in grand strip. Elalf_time.—Racs five. Widnes nil. In the second half Ru•corn increased their lead to ten points, the visitors having still to be content with nil.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Hornets v. St. Helens A.

At Runcorn. Foster started for the Hornets, a return being made to centre. S. Heleas attacked. the Hornets being forced to defend. A series of kicks followed, the best of matters falling to the visitors. Farmer relieved. Time after time a passing movement by the home team 2.ained much ground. The visitors again pressed. Half t'me—Runcorn Hornets nil, St. Helens A nil. Final, Runcorn Hornets 6 points, St. Helens A nil.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Spectators. Wattle Davies's Opinion of Them.

The Worst in England.

The following letter appeared in the " Yorkshire Evs wog Post "on Saturday, from Mr Wattle Davies,the well-known Batle7 footballer, whose app°arance at the Warrington Police Court on the charge of assaulting a sp(ctator, was reported in our last issue :—" I notice in your paper, " The York,hire Evening Post,"an account of the withdrawala the summons taken out by myself against a Warrington spectator, and also of the with- drawal of one by the spectator against myself. I should like to give Yorkshire people a proper idea as to what took place at Warrington on the 7th of this month. The game was a very keen one, as the Warringtoniana were evidently bent on taking their revenge tor their cup defeat in April of this year. Burgess, one of the Warrington half backs, and I chanced to incur the displeasure of the ref9-ee, with the result that we got sent off the field. As I walked down the touch-line I was struck by a spectator, and I then jumped over the rails and retaliated, but the police soon ioterfered,and very little cattle of it. To-day (Friday). I had to appear in answer to the summons, and I was . .

persuaded to apologize so that the matter might be hushed up in the interests of sport,with the result that, although I was the assaulted party, I have to practi- cally acknowledge that I was the guilty party. Instead or hushing things up, the Warrington C:mmittee have, despite the agreement we came to given the affair as much publicity as they possibly could. A friend of •mine in Warrington advised me, to COMO to some agree- ment instead ot taking the cats into court. As I had no witnesses myself—we (Batley) havinx no spectators with us—l thought the best thing I could do in the case was to, if possible, come to some terms, which I was persuaded to do to my sorrow. lam writicg this to warn all cluts in Yorkshire who are desirous cf taking care of their players, to keep a good guard over I them, as the Warrington spectators are the worst spectators in England.'

===== 0002601_19010927_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

St. Peter's C_A. Bible. Class v. St. Peter's

Men's Bible Class.

Played on the ground of the former. An exciting game resulted in a win for the St.. Peters's C.A., tnree goals to one.

Appleton White Star v Runcorn Mariners. This match was played at Appltton on Saturday. During the first half, Belly scored ior the Mariners,thus giving them the only score up to half time. In the second half, Heston scored twice for the home team,and later on a mis-kick by one of the visitors' backs let them in again. The game ended in a win for Appletcn by three goals to one. Runcorn Parish Recreation v Richmond's Reserve.

This match was contested on the litter's ground, and was watched by a good crowd. After an eventful game, in which neither team proved superior, they left the enclosure with a draw of five goals each. Runcorn Parish v. Richmond's, Warrington. These teams met in a Warrington and district League match at Runcorn on Saturday hrefore a fair number of spectators. Immediately after the start the visitors forced matters, and two goals were quickly placed to their credit. The Parish then smartened, and made an attack on the visitors' goal, but nothing came of it. Play was afterwards fairly even, the home team show- ing by far better combination than the visitors. During the second portion ot the game the visitors' goal was continually besieged, and two goals were the outcome of splendid combination. They gave the visitors no Chance to score, yet the latter defended sturdily, and the game ended in a draw of two goals each. Combination. Newton-le-Willows v. Tranmere Rovers,

Played at Newton on Saturday. Newton tried a new full back named Steele, who gave a very satisfactory exhibition. The visitors started and Newton immedi- ately tack up the running, a pretty centre from Billing- ton rolling across the goal mouth and over the line. Keeping up the pressure, Harrison just headed outside from a well placed free kick. A hugs kick by Raynor disposed of an ugly rush on the part of the visitors' forwards, whilst Butler was the means of opening out another hot onslaught on the Rovers' goal. Newton were awarded a penalty for handling by Williams just on the goal line, from which Butler gave Newton the lead. Thus encouraged the hornesters returned to the attack and a splendid effort from Marsh struck the crosabar and rebounded into play to be placed outside by Hill. A good clearance by Le placed the Rovers' forwards in possession and Rankin swung the leather across in perfect fashion, Davies meeting the ball and placing it pat Horrocks, making the scores level after play had been in progress half an hour. From now to the interval play was mostly contested in rnidfivld and the whistle b'ew with the score standing : One goal each. After the resumption Newton seemed to fall away and the Rovers kept them on the defensive almost the whole of the half, the backs having a particularly lively time. However, they managed to keep their opponents out, the final coming with the half-time score unaltered.

Lancashire League.

Warrington Defeated by Rochdale Town.

The first home match of the season was played at Arpley on Saturday, when Warrington encountered Rachdale Town in a Lancashire League fixture. War- rington placed the following team into the field : Goal, G A.thinall ; full hicks, H Cook, and T Dilworth ; half backs, T Eilis, S Dean, and S Hatton; forwards, L Sharplea, J Hammond, J Powell, J Murray, and L Riley, whilst the Rochdale club were represented by Kennedy. goal ; Nightingale and Holmes, full backs ; Wood, Kirkbraght, and Wallwork, half backs; and Boardman, Holden, Goodliff., Leigh, and Horrocks, forwards. Mr Horrocks, Farnworth, near Bolton. was the referee. Powell commenced operations down hill and against the wind, and play was taken to the Roch- dale guar era. The visiting front rank retaliated, but Cook was on the spot and cleared in fine fashion. Goodliffe, however, returned, and two minutes after the start scored a somewhat easy gal. Emboldened by this success Rochdale came sith a rush, but the home backs clearing. Murray passed on to the left to Riley, the ball, however, being sent dead. Rochdale again raced up, but Dilworth relieved, whilst a moment later Holden kicked dead with a huge kick. The visitors again lac,ked dangerous, hut Cook kicked into 'couch. L,igh bad a shot at goal, but kicked high. After good play by Riley, Dilworth was called upon to relieve, and following the kick down Sharpies centred in splendid fashion, but none of the forwards being, up the chance was lost. Powell carried hostilitifs to the Rochdale end and Riley again failed at a pass from Murray, &spinall was then called upon to save, kicking out in clever fashion. Riley, gaining possession, raced down on the left, and centred finely, but the chance was spoiled by Hammond. Shortlyeafterwards Nightingale fouled Riley, but no aavanta,e accrued from the kick. The Rochdale forwards got going, and Dilworth in try- ing to clear kicked over the cross-bar, a corner being awarded, the kick, however, proving futile. Murray gained possessioo, and centred to Powell, but Holmes intercepted, and with a well-judged kick changed the venue. The ball was followed up well by the Rochdale forwards, and from a pass from Leigh in the goal mouth Boardman scored goal number two. Following this Rochdale pleased, but Murray and Riley transferred play. Sharpies ran down on the right, and when near the line sustained a severe itjury to his knee, but pluckily resumed. Aspinall was later on ccmpelled to throw away, and Sharpies, taking up the running, fredueed the visitors' lead with a fine shot. Exciting play followed and shortly after halftime was called with the score:—Rochdale, two goals ; Warring- ton, one goal. On resuming combined play between Wallwork and Kirbbright ended in the latter scoring for the visitors. Play was of a fast and exiting nature, both sets of forwards gaining poem sion. In the later stages Riley played in the centre position, but all to no good, and from a foul in the goal mouth Leigh scored the third point for Rochdale. As time approached, Warrington tried strenuously to place matters mole equal, but all to no purpose, and Rochdale were declared winners by three goals to one goal.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHIEF NUISANCE INSPECTORSHIP.

At a meeting of the Health Committee of the Warrinßton Corporatibn on the recommendation of the Medical Of&er of Health, it was decided to Appoint Inspector Flood, who is fully certi- ficated to act as Chief Inspector of Nuis- ances for a probationary period of three months. Inspector Flood was initiated into the work of this important department of Corpora- tion work by the late Chief Inspector Norman and whilst with him he obtained his certificate as a sanitary inspector. Inspector Flood has shown great aptitude for the work and there is every reason to believe that his probationary trial of three months as chief inspector will Rive satis- faction to the committee. He is a son of ex-Coun- cillor Flood and commenead his duties under the Corporation in March, 1893. There Is Security ju jA rev the toothbrush morning

'TILE IVER Small Pill. PILL Small Dom Small Prma

CAR'

Imp, on . every 11101,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will Sweeten thc: Breath all day. and make all the difference be- Absolutely cure Sick Headache, twee.— Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Indi. Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. gesiion. Constipation, Dizziness. Mita Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Furred Tongue. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth Li, er. su be me ibey 9.l.zta. complel,ll. I,Teowidsrlet vt

SHOCKING DEATHS Occur everyday through the neglect of Lumbago, Pains In the Back, Gravel, Kidney Disease, Sciatica, Rheu- matism. etc. These can be prevented and lives saved by Holclrovd's Gravel Pills. Guaranteed to be a positive care Money returned if not satisfied, is, lfd. all Chemists. Yost free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckbenton, Yorke.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT WONDERFUL LEG.

Some time ago a story was narrated in that mod veracidus paper "Truth" about a young man who has the misfortune to be the possessor of a short leg. Num- berless doctors were consulted but all failed to add one cubit to the length of that leg. A lady Chri,- tian (?) scientist was, however, eventually called in. The faith cure was brought into operation and the limb commenced to grow. The lady in the meantime had journeyed abroad to an unknown address. The limb went on growing. The lady could not te found • Therefore the treatment could not be stopped. And the yonzg man is conse- quently in a far worse position to-day than he was twelve months ago. Come ! gather round and list to me, While I tell you of a youth A story which you'll all *wee Is told, at least, " in Truth." Its authenticity is vouched By persons—not a score, Were it in different language couched There would be many more. I want the world to know I tell This melancholy ditty ; Tell all, and when you've tolled the bell You will have told the city. This youth resided far away, By famous London town, And spent the hours from break of day By walking up and down. Sad to relate but still I may Compassion for him win He. at the close of one sad day Was found fast in a gin. Fast held was he—a burning shame— His legs the gin had caught. And when he to his senses came He found one leg was short. The doctors who were called looked grim, -And gazed at him in pain. " You'll ne'er, "still gazing at the limb, " Walk straight on it again." • It was too true his walks he went And got a little stronger, But up and down his body bent, One leg was whole no longer. So in despair he limped to one Far-famed for Christian healing ; She saw his legs once, then was gone, Sweet shyness thus revealing. But with acclaim 'twoulcl be her aim, To make a perfect limb For atsent treatment was the same As present ;she'd cure him. And thus it proved ; alack the day The leg began to grow ; The healer's charm it did obey In thigh, and knee, and toe. It kept on growing,—awm fate,— And caused a huge surprise When found the growth did not abate Nor stop at the right size. His bitter thoughts gave him no peace, And, as a sharp reminder, He advertised, " Toe treatment c-ase," And searched but NUM to find her, Thus failure stared hint in the face, The leg, as though to show It was a most successful case, Continued still to grow. 'Tis at the present7time just on —At least by his own showing Three inc/1s more than Cother one, And still it keeps on growing. The moral to this comedy Remember if you please— It 7 happens oft' the remedy Is worse than the disease. Runcorn A. DODD. -

===== 0002601_19010927_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THdEE SCORE AND TEN.

At the age of seventy-three, Mr Barthn;omew Potts,of Six Houses, Low Westwood, near Enchester,Durbam, is able to work full time after a long illness. The doctor, who gave the old gentleman up, said he was suffering from enlarged liver. He had other dis tressing symptoms. His body began to swell, and st times he was in a state of semi-coosciousness. Doctoes medicine did not heln hini ; indeed he grew worse, He started taking Dodd's Kidney Pills, with little or no faith in them. Nevertheless, in six weeks, be was able to get about the house, and now, past the allotted three score and ten years, be is able to work full time. To use his own words, " Dodd's Kidney Pills have worked a-miracle for me." This is not a solitary ex- perime3 ; the value of Dodd's Kidney Pills is proclaimed by thousands,whose lives thee have saved. Doddis Kidney Pills are 2s 9d per box of all chemists, or post free on receipt of price from the Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farrintzdon Avenue, London, E.C. Remember the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VACANCY IN THE APPLE- TON DIVISION.

Election of Mr Roger C Parr.

Five o'clock on Friday was the latest hour at which nominations could be received in connection with the election of a councillor to represent the Appleton Division on the Cheshire County Council, rendered vacant by the elevation ot Mr J C Parr to an aldermanic seat. At the time appointed Mr Henry Greenall, the deputy returning officer at- tended at St. Thomas's Schools, Stockton Heath, for the purpose of receiving nominations Amongst those present were Mr Roger C Parr Mr Lister Kaye, Rev H V Pigot, Mr Vera B Davies, Mr H J Westbrook (election agent for Mr Parr), Mr Rose and Mr Taylor. Four nominations were handed in on behalf of Mr Roger C Parr. In the first paper Mr Parr was proposed by Thomas Joloa Down, seconded by Harry Vernon Pigot, And assented to by James Atherton Gibson, James Whitley, C Hallows, It Shackleton, Henry Isherwood, Ai T Brereton, Samuel I` Welsby, John Fairhurst. In the second paper he was proposed by James llepherd, seconded by John Sutton, Edwin Woods, Frederick Timperley, Frank Lake Good, Frank Warburton, Edwin Brad- shaw, Joseph A McGregor, J Jackson Lee, In the third paper Mr Parr was proposed by Henry secouded by William Pierpoint, supported by W H Woodcock, John Rogerson, Joseph hough. ton Clarke, Thomas Walton, Stanley Wilson, S W Hallow, H Turton, James Ryan. The fourth paper was signed exclusively by ladies. Mr Parr was proposed by Sarah Hewitt, secitaded by Mary Jane Edgerley and supported by Sarah Ann Taylor, Jane Fairhurst, Francis Lanca- shire, Harriet Booth, Mary Burliston, Ann Welbsy, Lucy Wilson, and Eva Twiss. No other candidate being nominated, Mr Parr was declared elected. He was warmly congratula- ted on his return, and in acknowledging the com- pliment, Mr Roger C Parr, C.C„ personally .thanked those present for their assistance, and also all who had contributed to his return.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to •• Kemp's Mel'. cantileth zette," the number of new bankruptcy pro- ceedings in England and Wales g.ztted during the week ending September 21st1 was 77. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 70. showing an increase of 7, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 72.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH: Is THE ;BEST6 CYCLB ? WHY TH E RALEIGH OF COORS]; FROM

W. iII.'BELLIA N, MAKER OF TIM ROYAL CAMBRIAN,

115 SANKEY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

HENDRY'S " ROTHESAY " 13 AND PROMENADE. DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-RC Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from bs. per day (inclusive).

R. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

',TENDING VISITORS TO BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL To WRITE OR CALL Al

WEBSTER'S PIFR CAFE & RESTAIJK. 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Where terms can be arranged to suit all PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) catered for. Write at once lor Terms,

OUR TWELVE GUINEA "PREMIER" CYCLES WITH

FREE WHEELS AND BACK

PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. bOLE AGENT,

J. S. GARLAND,

51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WAR:

CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMSNTS.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANGi

Telegrams. " Kannll." Telepbone,l,746. BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDA)S

LETTER HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPED, ORDERS J ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDA' FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNIC WILL BE ATTENDED To AT Ea, ST. JOHN-STRERL.DEANSGATIL KENDAL, MILNE, & co., MANC;

JI NAV:ES ST MAPENND.TSS,HBBADR:EIS , TOC STOCK AND SHARE BRoKNRS, 29, RANE,AGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL- Establiehed 18M. • Teleptione 6613. SszsKoS. s

J. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. TOOL E, NANO MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD. LONGFORD.

TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

R. A. GITTOES, 1 (LATE OF THE MERSEY CYCLE WORK .41 MANUFACTURER OF THE NEW LION CYCLES.- MANCHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTOS. ACiENT FOR ALLARD CYCLES.

NICKEL PLATING AD ENAMELLING ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUXINIUU OTHER BRONZES.

HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept in - REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MANS CYCLE, MACHINES SUPPLIED ON THE GE PAYMENT SYSTEM.

KE..ATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDE KEATIINGS POWD R.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Notne, NEW BELLOWF, 9d,,; Tins 3d., 6d., lI- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/ - NEW BELLOWS, 9d,; Tins, 3d., 6d., V' Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. (Harmless to everything but kMid in Tins, 3d 6d. and 15'

the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, „MOTHS.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS 1N ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, Btc.„ &MP GO TO W ILLIAIt TODD, le, MU STREBT (TOP BOLD bTRBICP" LIVERPOOI

HARRDP ILO:. AND Comr PEWTENERS AND COMPLETE BAR Will PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-pm/PS SPIRIT TAPS. TAPS.

SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND BBATh` 22 BRIDGE-STREET MANCHI6OII* LBO Telephone 2887.

ROBERT LOWE, v ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONENR, AND Office and Salerooms : No. 1, EANK-STrili.'"'

Telephone No. t 5. enCaassheacedwvdanzena Furnituredondoods ndDeepoeitedethfeorr New St:001..1. 'tautly on Sale by Private Treaty. InsPectWu Furniture, ke., warehoused.

NEW DESIGNS AND BEST voisil. MO WINDOWS PENDLEBURY AND CO., 12, AND 14, IV INWICS-STREEL WARRINOTONd

4 Bridgll-4 '15.7 2U, su and }Litho' '9 95. Sun!

O.? 261

52. SU 'alai

-5 45 843 3 3

. 8_50,92°4

- 82 ;J. SUTldayl

r 8 Green-7 ' 7 40. 9 25

58, b; 11 34. E

37. 4_44. a,m. (Midland) '1152. S

; f.,.0 115,2 3 09 Sunday

i 6 17, 8 6.

j-7 37. 14. Sun

(Ch;shi r•-' 5 29 LI 22. 2 3

45, ' ',IOU a 8 4 lireen-7 296 15,7 918. c 411 d Cade 45, 10 1' ,°d—Prom 45. 12 38. 1 'lye 85' (L. & '412 7.12 2, 'el Platf

(From (Cheal 2 21, , 1. Sunda) .10 12, 10 et 50 min N. 1 0. 5 20 excepted _Midland Sundi ).ys ac

Ari 14.a2 50. 38 1 55,12 ern: ‘2l. 10: ,er (Fron •;,', 1O9,: . 50, 38. ter (Ches •,11 58, 8 13, 8 t 15, 7 18, 40 '7 40,10 20

, 12 25, 1 55. 10 3

aYbn b 4-7 0, 7 5 a 13, g 15 „ •

5 717, 85C

days —7la, Penk 4 0,5 29,6 2 39. 8 55

on!. ,011.:1;anC 14.4 7, 6

7 f. 5 °,9 54

(Chest] "15,715,5

-6 15, 7 518, 613 191117

andli 17, 8 0, 528.5 45 150.5 20. 54.

10 Rricloß-6

'4'76 7 55, 4 kh4 HiOhm a 20. 2 21.

ottn (L. 2i.,

•10 34 1119 4"—R 30.1 ft 9 13. ' (Talhol 0• Rtlnds

(ott? '5. Sund

,•0 C

412 ( 's 12 5 -7 25 R Ink •71•Ppn_.::6 15. 4. 1 115 p.m. O

,4---51 16, 45 p.m 12, q v ' 15. 7 37.

, ; • 58 , I 42. z '°'Sritida3 414.

55 1(1.11001in 41% 9.4 2

6 7,

•Adigl °9. 4, -1. ;riatii,rlp (hie, wt, •1 ao 3 130 . • a Aciv

Ave c ,rlolThethi 121, 351, 7 '!c N ''''•l‘YS

14';;;;sv. R A F 9.6 4. 6

(L & g'OO.R2 af 15'5•15.Al \ (r!hec 10 X() '

`lll 5 I Nl‘o ' 4,7, 9'5 -

z---ft • 4 *i. 5 !1.-44511 107:8

v 2, two )44'',Ikb It t°l3' b ' '444 Gel

•.....______ 4AILV IL, 11t,5 af 14,„' 4,2 -..ulghara 5 20, - %;irTpiani 104k4kb,.;,i' , ,y. lii.,p▪ ool__s 1,1.17, e - 3,41i29. St 11,1L'e -5 Ni''''.9 54 It kte, ,-7 1t:2,5 7. 47 ;., Gre 1 ', ?4Q ' .4k7 20'72 kittb:ary'_... _____." 4, 5 1 (mie . L ..5 1 I f'4e4o-'gt , ql ''- 1) 5 et'i 1 15, ( rod , % 14,311 kr .0 14. k 2Zon , 145 , e Ikib• io"w-5 . k, rne-.5 64 sune th , il4 u 5 441.4h'8, ------•—" ,•_.• •.,.. ~;.- zito 49, 12' 14; 3'415a, gO, Ikk4'l7s°°l * • Or ti 1444, ael 4 I. 14 4Pool __ 4017 , t 4, 10qa • tlq-5,2 k?' t'ill ( RAgr'4, ?' 6452. 00'1- 1/ jitar, (7da, .....• pero MI:: il Ye A theat,er 4,1.123,1., l i 65 8 - khrtn_ 14 -u-1 11. 1p 55e- ik, r 1 yLiy k-en N" „co L4z,17, luso. I„l%;.orda, ks4Y (C,7 ' - - v- on 111 ANC LIP k ?map qs(i (xi( 2) it .vg# Citl: I° k iil klil --6 ~ )141.4'yti, le, , A 147,4b.,,,,pn1y: :HESTr. 411,IrArge 2o 114. CKS. 4,11,0 ' 17 1 .60' . , 10S, '01). 3.J !., N rfts 'P:'•,%,,:h 0; to._ sk, NI .' so. .10 34 1 / 4---, _ - _ q,, 1 1415 • ,:' Itl,,:ierie,•a ' • '.ll 'S. OA , ASP s.t'lN%ikill' st,oo' i_lAe;:' , Of . 11 11, A IN"I‘P _tie °7te 14 tie ' 1 11 'Plays ' kim ,IN lo t 0' , .. ' ;lt4 111"4 1101 .qk N, 101° l''lll line, ' 2 5 , I".!'i ; C IV• IC. h'i) "til a 0 • ,',65 5.', liql .',t 'IN l'ik.ll',Zl ' ______/' alif• ' SI3 4 :A•-• ~,A .4 5 IT3ol°' 4 s • It'tit 1",, ) I,l.4.lttilOp';'' • LOB ERT LO WE. v.Ol $5 SR ,n A ~.,,..1.2.. , AUCTIO&HISR, erooms : No. 1, EANK-STRS ' Telephone No. t 5. sale. el :ed on Goode D epoeited for l,l and Furniture and other c 7-010 ' Private Treaty. InaPeti: housed. 'lls ' ‘ b 4 . kktltki't.... 1 , '

===== 0002601_19010927_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
IWAY TIME TABLE

SEPTEMBER. .

FROM WARRINGTOB ,

117453 a Bridge--7 10, 7 40,1 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 15, 2 5 kjk,35.7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. psl Hillhouse —7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 22,a4 0, a 6 15, &inlays 931 2 5,8 55. a Stops if requirea. 2.25.12,„5,r1 (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 63 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 No4' 4U• 720. 1134. Sundays 2 53. 10 16, 4 5.11 35 tiNinexceiSted. bgondays only ' (Ilidland)-5 51. 9 58,11 55, 12 55, 3 7, 522 ",,'• Sundays 11 15 a.m. 4 20.5 15 P.m 41:,1 -5 45, 835. 958, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23,8 50. k„_"▪ 43. a 3 35,6 0.0 via Preston 7r,rl-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, 12 25, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, a sco 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 356 0. 9 25, 1040, 1214. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 757 p.m. 20, 5 45. 9 56 11 50. 1225, 210, 450,9 55. Sun- -I,Nat'se" 54. •.,42,;.---7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131.12 30 1 40.2 15, 2.23 7.6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 11 35, 11,7;4 Green-7 5. 85, 835. 10 1.0,12 7. 2 35, 3 40, 515, 4,._7 40, 9 25. 10 30. Sundays 843. 60. (726-02 58,63 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 11. 57, 1 5.2 5 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.11 35. aNioadays bllondays only. all„'arY-7 37, 95. 12 23, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 a,rn, 7 45 p.m• ( g tß(slidland)-5,51, 8 46. 953, 1155, 12 65, 37, 4 17 .11 52 Sundays 515 p.m 45, 75, 8 5,8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 13,10 20,10 r"" 15,2 35,3 403 50.5 15, 520 33,15 7 40,9 25, -p Sundsys,7 408 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 04 pan s)r ° Perry, Penketh —7 30. 8 25, 945. 11 53.1 56. 17,8 0. 9 48. Sundays 9 5, 2 40. 8 0. , IrnM-7 37, 9 5 10 23, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15. 4 22. 57. 6 4 w '4. Sundays 3.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. It)% (Cheshire Line3)-7 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 C 529 70. BW. 6940. dlO 25.1139 Sundays 1122 28. 7 30, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only. is,cp ex6epted. ,albko,„,w-5 20.9 71 15 50,1.2 23. 2 10,4 50 9 55 Siays 9 57 —545. 7 5.8 35 10 55. 1.2 25. 1 15, 3 50, 20 714 44.undri a 843.6 0. ii,Vreen--7 12. 757. 831. 95, a 9 30, 105. 120. 15 t,tin' 29 6 15,7 15.8 0,9 25,b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 9 0,9 31 thc, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted 1114,,and Caclishead (Central)-7 0,7 55. 82, 7 10, 915 14c a 45, 10 15, 3 15, 5 15. 9 35. iTorel--From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 k 349.12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13, 78, a 7 4 5 ,ihrLinclays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. 00re I (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51. 525. 75, 8 5, 8 35 04•,'",d2 7,12 25,2.35 340 5 20. 6 33, 78,740,9 25,10 30. 'l_o 5,5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43. 3 28, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From ivkVal Platform. allondays excepted. 4.1T1 (Prom Low Level Platforrn)-7 30, 825, 109 ".•,. 3 20,5 15,6 17,8 0, 9 'l3. Sundays 9 5. 2 40, 80 (Cheshire Licies)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 10 26, 120, 2 21, 3 37. 40. 64, 810. 911. 945. 10 20 N ir• Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 3. 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39. 7 10, Soo.,•10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to • 50 minutes past the hour. • 17.• & N W.)-2 586 a 3 23 7 10, 8 23, 9 45,10 20, 0.. 5 20. , 6 22,11 34, ' undays 258.10 15,4 511 35, 701,,Y,0, excepted. alidondays only. 4{ll (Hidland)-5 51,8 46. 9 58. 1137.12 55,3 14a, 522. Sundays 11 55, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays ▪ Btidays accepted. 1.11(ProM IrP leY io Sta n.)-6 20.7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 C)5 1 14,a223,3 33t,4 11, 5 18, 613, 78. a 7 45. 927 740:1450. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only ip,atter (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5. 85, 8 25, 8 35, 411'10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15.2 29,3 32, 4 26. 5 32, 6 43, 14...20, 103). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. 44441,High Level Platform. ,55a Tr (Prom Arpley Station)— 6 177 22.7 57, 832 040 1 14. 3 38. 4 11, 6 13. 78. 9 27, 11 40, 50. 3,8. 8 12,11 42 ter (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755. 8 2.8 55, 92,9 55 23.11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55, 3 55. 4 55.5 21 5 55. 6 55, s,„8". 8 5 5,9 15, 955, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 718.8 559 25 9 35. 10 0. "4e/1-7 40, 10 23. 2 55, 535.7 20. 40.10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55.5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15

Lig?

, AT

lot

83 10. 5 45,7 5.8 5, i 3 35.9 19. 10 20 1912 25, 1 15259. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 SC. 520, 6 43. iC ‘..D. 1030. Sundays 843 a m 3 35. 616. 80.757 6'llP/it Mondays excepted 2-7.,7 0. 7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23. 12 20. 1 40,3 55 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, ? 44, 515. 935 ' 43 545 835 955 11 50, 82 25, 2 10, 350 i 4 '7 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60,

.raPurdaYs 10. 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 320. 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, I, i"?.,r Penketh)-7 15, 7 56. 95. 10 5, 11 5. 12 0 15 2, ; 5 29,6 15. 75, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40510 25, Sundays Q 9, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted biaturdays aYe only. (C.L.C.) 3,114 and) via Chinlev and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 4.4 7. 6 55. Sundays 937 ain 5.15, A„ -17 7 5, 85, S 35. 11 .0. 10 55, 11 53, 127 40. 520, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 33 Sundays 1;,,,.,9,5 54 C.,,(Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31. a 9 39, 11 2, 125 15,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855. aSaturdays

L.-6K 15,7 22 80 8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 23, r 18613. 7, 8.a:7 45. 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. r(,°.°l.Y. From Arpley Station. heslaire Lines)-7 56, 98 10 5, 115, 120. 15, 40. 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 10, 925. a 8 40, 810 25. Sun- k 2 39, 918, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays

andN.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53,1 55, 17 80, 9 48. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 80. oio 23.5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55,11 50,12 85, 1 15. 2 10 0 54).5 20. 6 28,7 17.8 53.9 43,9 55. Suaclay3,B 43, 5%,

'44'I4RRINI3TON rsom• trid.-6 30. 7 40 852 10 7 '2 0 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 14l1Vs 7 55. 4 42. 5 '119'14 Hillhouse -11 21. 12 41, 2 45, 718 8 24, 9 97, 20, 2 21. 8 22. qiatmriftv. exnta(l• '410\1171 (I." 'cr 10.5 50 720 S 11. 12 25. 2 25m1',.qdays 3 10,1.240. 7 0. aThntsdavy only fivn (mwiand)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50 1248. 1 25 2 45, th,"_44 11 19, gunclav 4 15, am4o. 11 19 p.m. it37,---8 30.10 44,12 30.1 55, 347, 753 Sundairs. 80. 13. a via Preston (Talbot Roarl) -85. 955, 10 40. 11 40 1 40. 3 15. 0. Flondava 7 25. 1 35 5 11. art 1,1 (Central) -7 25. II 25.9 10.10 0.11 25, 15. 2 55, Sundays 7 10. 1 15,4 57,8 25. a leaves at 9 on

55. Ran 7 55. 8 35, 9 10.10 25.1 5. 2 is. 415 1050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a , 114,(42 R. 6 40, 8 30. 945. 12 58, 1 40. 4 22, 5 55, exoont,ld. 25g4, 9.40. 10 12. 10 50.11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 30 13 35. 7 35.810 R 50 Sundays 2 32,4 30 6 30,6 55 rl/"An--6 39, 7 q 47. 10 24. 11 13. 12. 38 ./ 5. 4. 1, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 1046. Sunday Don. 6 0.8 30 R 13.9 ?A 11 15, 11 11. 2 25. 3 5 415 90. Sunday.. 4 sg, 7 10. 245 4 10.9 21 18 1017. 1127. 2 52. 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 35.-10 25.1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47. 7 5 8 7, 9 35, tflo,-„'• 7 30. 6 '2l. 6 55. aTtxnept Mondays. 53, 713. 846. 920. 945. 10 26,11 96 42, R. Oil. 5 15. 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 920 'SundaysB 33,9 52.9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a SaturdaV

lienketh-7 12. 95. 9 45, 12 3, 29. 327 • 14, sum-lava R ^9,2 67. 92. 7 55 01,101, 1111, 231. 4 11,5 36, 6 57. 8 31 t56R•4•171. 7 2.0 n.ln• ,11 °shire Lines')-'7 31. 80.9 0. 0 .1. 10 49 12 0. ,2.A„. 8. 449 56. 54, 657. 124 9 1 Sundays N,:". I 6,4 47., .6 51, 1 54. Thn,2o•9.j 995qndays.5S0. 99. R 7,6. lo 12, 12 28 2.41. 4 38 530 712 ▪ 40, 7 5. 45. 415. 9R. 403. 1055. 1.9 130 225 16. , 67,7 11,7 38, 9 15. Sundays 8 23, fl rao-7 35 9 53,5 5, 8 50. 11 30 I 6 93, R In. 10 n.' ..4.; a 4.8 40 929 1.0 2 11, 46.120. al 45. 2'S 1.„.• ‘II• 87. 6 41. 7 41. 041 11 27. Sundays 23 .days only. b 5 aturdays exoep Itarlestoornl-.,2 51. 80. 835.0 25 j,,1130'9• 30. 95°. 5 35.'7 5.6 25, 11 15. Sunday a Aondav-‘1•11y biaturdays nut y. (L. & N 1.47.)-0 25, 21. 95. 91, 12 39, 125 21,59,43'), alo 45. Sunda7s 135. 2 1. 0.7 15 VS only T,1n.,a1 -5.71. 711 7 11,8 7.1 9 31 9 an 10 4013 i 11 15,11 2.7. 11 61,11 5172 31 4 0. 1 10.1 33 511 a 70,, 45;5 31 5 36, 35 7 30. 70 85R. 7 50, n. 230.950 490 40, 31.6 35, 941 9v)-s 197 10, 4025 12 13. 215 4 15.5 0111,174 10 0, 8 30. 12 0. 1 0 a 0. 5 0, 645 3'7' 315. 120. riwycePpt Wrmidaya °.5 R 32 7(1 964 11 9,1 11 al 37. 2 5 251 14), NUN; 1. 741,0 33,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,2 25 715 [t hSsturdays exeentPd. 5, 8 AO, 9 5 9 40 11 44 5 0 .2' ▪ an. 3 as, a 91. 9 19. 60, 75. 80. 9 20, 10 40 30. '9O. 0, 1040 ciat.u.days exeented. 6• "-road)?-rortd)-7 25.751 gZs 10 35,1? 354 59 riN*1144,;05,20. 5. 75. 959. 10 *45 04ndays 730 1 40, A tl• (cl:r9,,uted. asaturday, nnl v, z,"hirA Linea)-9 45, 720. 891), 40 5,9 VI 830". 14 30.12 31, 12 50 1 31, I 31, 330. 43. ',,a,r• 38. 7.30 R 30, 8 35.11 n. 11 0. sund av • 2 0.4 5. 6 35 8 20, 9 40. a Saturdays only s,IISR 48. z 66. 7,Z6 66 4 -I 9, 12 14,7 47,5 0,7 33.R.inActvi6 25.8 42. 9 3.9 29. 10 9,11 22,11 8. 12 10, 535 5 49. 6 27. 7 30.60 16, 94g. 10 0,3 40. 720 IT F,3 7' • 30. 12. 34, 4 41 g2l 01, 45, 621'5 31. 37, 10 20.11 24. 3238. 140 • 31, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 837

-.8 2 1155 1 55 5 5 7 0 ra 20. • • • • ▪ 2• n. 51, Rn. 8 28. Q 0.11 5.11 10. 1120, 12 30,5 7-• 6 3,0• 6 55 7 25. 8 50 10 30,Sunday •• •

Sundays, 8 10

1j31)11,1,";in 10.11 11.12 15. 9. 5 2 31. 3 55. 7 O. 8 5 90, 2 0, 8 0, oSaturdavr oniv. ' "•58, 9 25, 9 58, 1112. 1 15,1 41, 2 9 25

"111 tt 1, 'IA 1 44 4 . • X _ RY WOMAN ata`l tnn for our 32 page Illustratedlßook 44 'Nab! 11 NI, e Information how all Irregularitles and kg Ittk,„Z' be entirely avldet or removed by aimPla t,jr; tttic;.33l4lod by ernlnen Phyelcian°, as the only 41‘14.t. %milli.. Remedy. Never falai. Thousands of ...ill' Ia• taLANCHARD, palatal Lane, London.

5-0 a.m.

1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

S 011-01,7/CES *Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne Lon ton Stubshnw Cross Winwick. . *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p m.

7-10 a.m. and 6:20 p.m. 6-30 p.m,_ _ __

9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 P.in• *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., and 7p m. 8 a.na. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and? p.m. 8.3 J a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

2-20 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. NH, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. .0-15_ am.

'rom the] Receiving Office' Earles- s.; from all Sub-Offices at

===== 0002601_19010927_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
WAtL Box

.:Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge; Preston Junction Chnrch-st., Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place). parcels are despatched fi town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m me as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS ff,FOLLOWS:— By I CaTioers. I Postmen. 7-0 cm.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland ! and Foreign 7-0 a.m. London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northum-1 11-30 „ barland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhea4,l Southoort,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- 1145 kirk Widii Earlestovin London. Foreigia, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales ! 12-0 Preston, Nonla Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and 12.15 p., Chester • Manchester -15 , London and Foreign, South, S - - - nties Ches- 3-15, -t- -„ 5.3 r

11-30 a.m.

2-15 ,

Eastern, and Midland Conn6es , Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan. Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Rastern, Midland, Northern, Hastern Countice, & Lancashire B-5 a.m. Croft, Fattgate. W sclston, Stockton, Heath and Stratton I 8-30 London & Forehan, South, and . East el n Counties I 9-15 „

13-15 -,

3-15 a.m.

5-30 p.m.

6-45 ,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL T• 0 THE WARR!NGTON V BAI LEY FOOTBALL MATCH. " Wattie" Davies Summoned.

At the Warrington County Borough Police Conn on Friday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Wharton Davies, the well-known Batley three- quarter back,was summoned for assaulting William Brown, 49, Hopwood-street, Warrington,a spectator at the Warrington v Batley football match on the 7th inst.—There was a cross summons against Brown for assaulting Davies,—Mr W J Forshaw appeared for complainant, and Davies was repre- sented by Mr Pearson, of Batley. Mr Forshaw informed the court that Davies had expressed his regret to the complainant and to the Warrington Football Club for his conduct on the ground of the club on the 7th inst, and had agreed to pay all costs and expenses. Under those circum- stances he asked the Bench to allow him to with- draw the summon. Mr Pearson applied for permissicn to withdraw the cross 8UMO:101W The magistrates agreed to the withdrawals.

FLOBILINE t—r Oft THE TZETFI AND BREAM - ThoroughT eleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prev...nte tartar, stops decay, and giver, to the reeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Flotillas " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.—

_ Add VALUABLE DISZOVERY FOR THE rfAIR,—It your hair Is tmrning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively reatore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, fis we las promoting the growth. Price Os 6d per bottle.— Ada' To MoTomi.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufforer immediatPly It is pleasant to taste ; and Produces natural cadet sleep, ny rel4eving the child from pain and the littlb cherub awakes as lright as a button." Of all Chemists Is lkrl nor bottle, Advt. CLARKE'S B:41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m;

===== 0002601_19010927_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD :S THE LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Wood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought ts sight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from whatever reuse arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Moor' Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It Is the only real specific for Gout and Rheume.le Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands Of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and us. each of all&hemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamp, by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES ORU COMPANY s;COLN. Beware cf worthless imitietions.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
~ r). „. . : ~. ~ . ',,, _ ~. r, _. ... .'...:.,•,,1: ~. ~-,;6.tre....:.:1, • ; , SPECIAL OFFER! ? V 1, THE NEW CIRCULAR SKIRT, ! 16.1 n. Frill. I.Sned throuAhollt. ~ 4/I, BLACK NAVY. 1 . , :_. _ 1 In orarr.Pw. Vat,. werig measur,ment and 1....:th. . 1 SeltiST antiOn GuaranteBth , H. MORDY, Manufacturer, LEED:s. •,,,,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S WATCHES

ENGAGEMigiVT RINGS.

THE BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. • . •

a29plaires S.; Brillianl £l2 . ills.

Brillinnts Rubies. £2 . 10a

The Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, -- . In 'Case complete, £7 . WS. Brilliant & Rubies' P,ubios 8c Brilliants, Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3 .103. WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT EPEE at our 114% to all parts of the World for P. 0.0., payablo at G.P.O. OLD WATCH irS and .lEV V ELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE

BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from i 2 to £5OO. CLoczs,ArTS, ENGAGE:SENT RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS, " " and &Lyra PLATE and CUTLERY, &C. Seat Post Free.

J. W. BE, 'SON, Ltd., Steam Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. NOTE.—Order Form and full particulars of "The Times" system of purchase Post Free.

WORM A GLiiinEA X.

il:r-- -,- - ,-- '----..-. ' - a)_--;41-'0'Z\ (~1_.1•!'"-, )''' ----A.-,•-.:;• 4. ifefrei.), 44,....4,,,, ~ tts, lili I '''A. ' cl----. - •.,. i ..frp....,,,5.,7-i- / Ir(", .1, Rubies or Sapphire r and Brilliants, hl 1 el,._ yr' ~ --,-----,..--,--,,,-f•-•,--7..7.- - oc,-3.9Pr )):.4. 11 , 'V„, .1_:----_-_,-._----___--_-_ -- • ,-, . ,---L„,. -••e '• 1 1; 1 1I s. -g-_--.--- ~,..„--.----- ~ -----,....,' --,-4', • _ 11,! - - ;1, e. • .-4-,*,, i. II6!'l _.i•-sj•., -,---' .I'. & ,k, s-r''--r..N Brilliants, I' '-ii s, '..• ),/ •P- -1 _-.A.. ,ic -, • • 7!, ~,,i,--\il,t,, Tr:- : 1 i ~..4 .5, ,d • t.,-_. , , ~,,f- i: ." , ' ,4' • _ ~ ,11 ° , '' ...4k\ "- I 4 1 Brzniantssz Sapphires, lh 1,. _. . ; .„,_„... .0, ' :.., • 64w71V, 1 ~ -:-.....„„,„..„..;,.. Sapphire & Brilliants. 26 . 15s. ,o•ir (`' . -. ; .., -- , , .. -- .3.--.:•,, C• '--• . tiVILLI), WI, *' . ' . , - ,i',..:4-r.:7%,--.4,• '... l'-• -.i -' it- 'le -- lli I.__ ..• •i - -#••', • -,,, fin,- •,; .; ,"-ca,,•,),, * 4." " i iii'rr .14msc sr. ?rk-if.- ; ,7•0 5 _if 0 f #_^".......,C 1,4 ... ~ ..,10., , 1I : >41,...."-00061..),4).,) ‘,1'..1', t,./..." '?,,r,' ..,‘PI ' • Brilliant, , , "z:4.../...5./202/"76,. --.-. ''••=•-f, ' 1 ''''' ' Poani: & Turquoise, £4 . 10s. \'','' - ' • 4 , ' ''' ''' , .. '.;,,Z.L:;.--..2 -,,,... 4.! ...,,, - ,:''',..• el.) 21 . 12s, :'‘---a_-_,---::-;w„:.--_.c"... ------ , IlLjlrT 0,.,. ' • *.Y ' ' 41km. ' -;•.1. " 4'-' 1 - -44,1 • 4.- °•4 .4.'"*" " ~

, ' )*l-- -') ..7 ..

===== 0002601_19010927_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
. itt. --. . to, 4 *-"-. ..., 5- or .. , ~4 3 . '?",,',.' i" '— . c ' - —.A,. 1 vit ''.:P.,.. It.,•-4 -.. , ~. x „ -,,,,- •,., ,s. 4—. 9 ~,,. : iip:: , e., ~. - , ~ ••,. k - , - - 0.-. ".• • 10 ^ ,---t'. • .:' ,•,,,:,-4,

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Win%

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

• Preprrred only by the Proprietor, Tnom BEECIIA3I, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (G pills) and 2s. Pd. each, with full directions. 6olcl everywhere.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
100000C;CA20000000000000000001

loopooooM [0

Fi 919 0

a

Write for W.

100, -la

raochto--

THWANT ,Oktrini DA•I mAKEs STARCHED LIMAN MICR NEW.

GREAT, BOON ever 0' (erect to the Launches. tor imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched Linen. Laces, eta. does not stick to spider. web - like materials. Once tried always wanted. Used In the 'Royal Laundries, Should he reed in house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in PacLets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. CRITCHLEr, Blackburn.

• • ..algue, Post Free. Orders over 10/- Carr age Paid (unless oth ii stated !. flat Ltd., 3Exord3oxtri, mobrrocasT, tOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOl5/50000012000001515Ctneir

,i.,..-7._;A. :;:tt,.: . : ''''''' , o' b ' - , 4 k',:° , - i f.' :4 g, . ? , t: :',' ii ,:. I, : ... : ", ) M. VII.

LL, CR.II: CH LEYSr • . : P • .:;. ' t''''.... S IA; c::: ".. .01314.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS.

COMPOUND RENAL !PILLS. Are tustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Paine in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumithati Weakness across the Loins. Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. ane Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many compialats. ettoposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every her Majesty's lion. Commissioners, Price is. lid. andebears the Government stamp, with the words “VVALTRE DE ROOS, LONDON." there m, by order of' 24. IL at all medicine Houses. or post free from Proprietor, Holford Douse. Holford-souare. Lon.l::in • W.(l,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
, i . ~ :. . , , , i I a , , • I a I . a . ' ,' .' , ':•I'lt.114,11 /;.' ,1;.,1.4. a. -i''.l:'ll''.4ll';'ll, . ',.: I a ',....• t':. 1 il , , 1 . i 1 I. t , ~ f., , t i 1, $ ' . . i, '• g '; 41i, it ~..t._. .. v , , - -4- ..* 'v• • t .',-., ~,/. . 0 li• 'J. 1 , iro it 1 , 11 ! • .;,; li;" If; 1.4 ii 'o' I, / 1." I • 74 .11., s r., I I ; ".. i ..e.i .4 i .11r:! ' • 1 It ' • i Ili' I, 1) • 1 ' at.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

===== 0002601_19010927_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
I

1

, '.: .! I i I 1 . t I! e , ..\ a .i , * , 1 ' t 1 c. 1 . . ,

111

===== 0002601_19010927_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS:

"I SPENT many a sleepless night over that nes, book of mine." "It didn't affect me that way." SHE: "This paper tells of a man who stepped off a cliff and dropped 3049 ft." He "That fellow must be a regular human centipede." HE (very much gone) : "There's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream." She: "I don't know. Mixed chocolates are pretty good." MR. RICHFELLO : "Miss De Slimm is evidently a woman of many fine points." Rival Belle: "I should say- so. Did you see her elbows?" "Ronnie," asked the visitor, "have you any brothers and sisters?" "No," replied Robbie, "I'm all the children we've got." • MASTER: "What is an opossum?" Scholar: "A small animal with a pouch." Master: "What does he do with it?" Scholar "When he is hunted he gets inside." MRS. GADABOUT; "Our new servant is a ewel. -She cooks beautifully, is very economical, never roes out and never talks back." Her husband: "I wish I had met her before I was married." MISTRESS : "You have no young man, I hope?" Maid: On, no, ma'am ; he'a fifty if he's a day." A LEARNED physician says "You should always breathe through the nose When asleep." So it you should chance to awaken and find your mouth open, get up and shut it. .3EGGAR (LO gentleman) : "Do you happen, sir, to have lost your purse?" Gent (feeling ha his pockets): "No !" Beggar: "Then you can let rue have a little assistance." RUSSIAN soldiers are supplied with handker- chiete at the expense of the Government. This is, no doubt, a necessary expenditure in a country where every name is either a cough or a sneeze. "THEY say she's worth half a million." " Well, she wants it in her business." " What's that?" " Looking for a husband." "Do you know, darling, that I think it makes me a better man eeery time I kiss you?" " Well, at the rate you are going now, there will soon be no more room for improvement." Mof.r.v " What did he mean by telling me I was as bight as the morning?" Dolly: "I sup- pose, dear, he meant you were as plain as day- light," SPORTSMAN (to Snobson, who hasn't shot a single b r,i all : "ho you know Lord Peckham?" Snobson : " 03, dear, yes ; I've often shot at hia hem e“." Sp irtsman : " Ever hit it ? " "Tins ia the 25r10ur, eh?" tentatively re- wanted [he estate agent, who was looking over the 110U813. "Yes," replied old man Kidder, "but I usually call it a courtroom—l've got seven daughters, von know." Tile HOUSE \VIF/G : "Bridget, I smell gas leaking. DJ you tmatik it comes from the hail burner" Bridget (after a sniff): " Lakin', is it? Bad luck to it! It'll be all over the new carpet." Hastens for the mop. WlLLlS:"Parker's salary was doubled a short time ago, AO I hear." Wallace "Yes, it was; but it got bins in lots of trouble." Willis: " How's that ?" Wallaee : "His wife found it out." HARRY: "I suppose your wife received you with open arms last night, even if you wete rather late?" Dek : " Well, not exactly; but she had her hands open—l remember that distinctly—with the fingers spread apart and bent." His FIGURES WERE WRONG.—Bilkins: "It's a mistake about people being made one when they a-n married. My wife and I were made ten. Wilkins : " Made ten !" Bilkins: " Yes ; she's the one and I'm the cipher." MR. TALKATIVE: "The doctors say nervous people should never drink coffee." Mr. Thought- ful "They should also abstain from living where they will have to wait an hour and twenty minutes if they miss a train." LAURA: " While Jack was calling the other evening he made the statement that he would kiss me or die in the attempt." Belie : " Yes? (After a paoe.) Well, did he kiss you?" Laura "You haven't read any account of Jack's death in the papers, have you?" Blocs " Tnere goes a man who is approached with tear and trembling by all who have dealings with him." Boggs : "Au ! a criminal judge or sotnetifing of that sort, I presume." Biggs "No, a dentist." "THERE," said the landlady, as she handed the lodger a rather slender piece of real porterhouse, "you can't say anything about that steak being fit to sole shoes with." "No," said the lodger, wrapping the meat round his fork, "I should guess it was more for boqtlaces." A CHRONIC INVALID.—Mrs. Nahor: "And SO the doctor ordered you to give your husband whisky for his rheumatiern. Does it seem to do him any good?" Mrs. Nexdoor : "John says it does him lots of good, but I notice the pains CORM upon him more frequently than ever." "How did Brown Smith make all his money?" "He invented a new method of advertising a patent medicine." "And then sold the idea to a patent medicine firm?" "Not much! That's where he -showed his cleverness. He hired a man to invent a patent medicine for him, and used the idea him- self." "You haven't any smokeless tobacco, hs.ve you ?" asked the smart young man. "Lots of it," said the matter-of-fact person behind the counter, pro• ducing a box at snuff. How much do you want?" HORSE OWNER: "Suppose the machine of your motor-car goes wrong when you are half way- be- tween two towns. What then ?" Motor 0 +mar : "Well, I wouldn't be any worse cif than if I were half way between two towns with a horse and trap and the horse should die." MP.s. Joir•soN: " Has Mr. Johnson come home for dolour yet?' Jane: " No, mum." " I thought beard him do wristaire." "Thai was Leo growling over a hone, mum." ANGRY FATkIER (stick in hand, to little Willy) : " Wny are your clothes soiled so frightfnlly ?" Little W.lly (whimpering) : " I fell in the gutter." "And with your new knickers on ?" "Yes, pa, I didn't. have time to come home and change 'em." " Yon young scoundrel !" said the father, seizing his disubedient son by the hair ; "I'll show you how to treat your mother." And he at once pro- ceeded to show Young Hopeful the way by bang- ing him across the ears two or three times, and then shaking him until his hair began to fall out. "IF I should tell all I know," said the detective, with a solemn shake of the bead, "it would create a sensation, and don't you forget it." "If you would refrain from telling what you don't know," returned the sarcastic man, "it would create even a, greater sensation." His GOOD CONDUCT.—The Manager: "How Caine you to leave your last place?" Applicant: "I was discharged for good behaviour, sir." Inanager : " D,charged tor good behaviour? That's unusual, isn't it?" Applicant: " Well you see, good conduct took nine months off my sentence.' GILBAC "I am surprised, Colonel, at your time oi lite, that you should have any trouble in managing your wife. All you have to do is to let -her think she is having her own way." Colonel Q mailer : " Yes, but the trouble is that everybody -.wee thinks so, too." Time typine begged some workmen who were -gutting up a new telephone not to place it so high on the wall as they were doing. "You see," sue said, "I have to use it as much as anyone, and I am 80 short I can hardly reach it." "Oh, well, miss," said the humourist in charge of the work, "you can raise your voice, can't you?" Sun: " Why should they say stolen kisses are the sweetest?" He : "I think it is due largely to the natural perversity of human nature. It is not so much due to the fact of any sweetness in the mere performance of osculation as to the inherent desire for that which is supposed to be unattainable. Now, for instance, I read an article by an eminent sociologist on the--" She: "It is getting really chilly out here in the porch. I think we had better go into the house." "I WANT,' he said, slowly, "an oyster stew, and I don't want the oysters and milk and the rest all mixed up and merely heated. I want the milk earefutly boiled first, and the oysters added, then the other ingredients, and finally, after it is taken off, the seasoning. Be very particular about the milk. It must be sweet and rich, and above all things, be careful to get good butter. Only toe best and freshest dairy butter should be used. As for the oysters. I want the very finest to be obtained anywhere; no common mud oysters for me. Now don't forget." "Yes, sir," said the waiter. "Do you wish the oysters with or with- out. sir?" " With or without what?" "Pearls, sir."

.. ASK for CITNNISGHAWS HIGH-CLASS MINBEAL AVIRS.—Advt

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATEll4.—Advt.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOE LINDRE THE CLOCK, BRIDCM-STREBT.—Advt.

KITCHEN RANGES. Tile Grates, Marble an Wood Chimney pleoes.—J.b. GARLAxn,5lte55 Bridge-at—Adv.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
, , - ' :`":riTiii•lY

===== 0002601_19010927_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
Ittteto to the abater.

Election of Mayor. Sir,—ln the petition which has been promoted re- questing Mr Parr to become Mayor of Warrington, or rather to allow his name to be put forward for nomira- tion,l notice the name of a firm in which I am interested viz. : The Union Tannf ries Limited, and as Managing Director ef that Firm, I hasten to repudtv.te its inclu- sion on the list named. There is no need for me to say anything about the methods used to obtain signatorps, but this one instance proves that names want weighihy as well as countidy. Yours truly. ROBERT H. POSNETT, Managing Director Union Tanneries Ltd.

Sir,—l do not wish to enter into the controversy as to the selection of Mayor from a party point of view. The Conservatives have a majority in the Council and the greater part of them have thought fit to exercise their right of selection in inviting Mr Parr. It would be unreasonable to object to the action of the Conser- vative Party or to the adoption by thorn of all fair means of inducing Mr Parr to accept the office. Ido however take exception to the mis-representations con- cerning Mr Roberts which have ben made in inducing myself and others to sign the petition to Mr Parr. I am convined that there is some motive under-lyrng the action of those opnosed to Mr Roberts and I should likeito ask why it was thought necessary to advertise the petition to Mr Parr in one of your local contemporaries on Saturday last and who paid the cost of :he ad- vertisement 2—Yours truly, FAIR PLAY.

Sir,—l do not sopipcse that either the Mayor or Mr Charlton Parr will care to have th.iir qualifications and claims debated in a newspaper correspondence. It wou'd seem right, however, that Mr Charles Finch who wrote in your last week's issue should be told that he is under a misapprehension in thinking that Mr Parr is unacquainted with the work of local government. Be ought to be aware that Mr Parr has been the representative on the Cheshire County Council of the Appleton Electoral Division (embracing 15 parishes) ever since County Coun-ils were con- stituted by the Local Government Act, 1888. Moreover that such have been Mr Fair's services on that Council that some years ago he was asked, but declined in favour of a colleague, to accept a County Aldermanship. A few months ago however on a re- newal, and on his acceptance of the request Mr Parr was unanimously elected to that important office. Surely Mr Fitch must admit that membership of the Cheshire County Council (one of the most important in England) for so long a period, and especially the active service which Mr Parr has devoted to County Local Government, and the fact that his colleagues have unanimously elected him a County Alderman which involves the presidency over deliberations and details quite as important as those of our town, form some guarantee that he is qualified to preside over the local government of a County Borough. At all events the vast body of our townsfolk think so. In any case Mr Parr is in thia respect certainly as fitted as was the Duke of Norfolk who on a special occasion was made Mayor of Sheffield, and the Marquis of Bute who on a special occasion was made Mayor of Cardiff—probably considerably more so.—Yours &c., J. MARSH, Sankey-itreet, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cobra Disaster.

Sir,—l feel it my duty, through the medium of your i columns, to call attention to the terrible stress which must necessarily reoult from the lrg4l of H.M.S. 1 "Cobra.' At least 67 officers and men were drowned, of whom 44 belonged to the Royal 11-.vy. I would remind you that the scale of pensions which the Admiralty provide is altogether inadequate. They range from 6. 6d. to 39. 61 p:_ir week for widows, with two shillings or eighteennevce per week for each chili. Obviously it is simply imp( ssible for a poor woman to maintain herself and her family respectably on such a sum. The Admiralty Pensions must therefore be augmented from outside sources, and it is to procure the money to enable this to be done that I am making this appeal to the inhabitants r f this great Empire. As the less of B.M.S. " Cobra " 13 a National disaster I feel sure that the Nation will recognise its duty towards those who have not only lost their loved ones, but who will now have to face a grinding poverty unless the country in whose service their husbands or fathers lost their lives comes forward to their assistance. I shall be pleased to acknowledge any donations for- warded to me ac the Town Ball, Portsmouth, and can assure you that the amount collected will be so adminis- tered as to afford the greatest relief where it is most needed.—Yours faithfully, A. LEON EMANUEL. Mayor. The Town Ball, Portsmouth, 25th Sept., 1901.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
• 3.: THE NEW ELECTRIC EXPRESS.

Plans of the Promoters.

The progress of the new railway from Manellester to Liverpool. powers for the construction of which were obtained in the last session of Parliament, has,a " Mac- cheater Evening News" representative ascertained, been absolutely nil up to the present, but the plans of the promoters for the immediate future cannot fail to have much interest for the inhabitants of the two towns chir fly concerned, as well for those of the district on each side of Warrington through which the railway is to pass. The latter will, in all probability, see trains running on the new mono-rail line much sooner than will residents in either Manchester or Liverpool. Of course the first thing to be accomplished is to raise the capital. This will be done by the issue of a prrspectus offering to the public shares in , a new company to be promoted by the syndicate who ' obtained the Act recently passed. A meeting of the promoters will be called sometime towards the end of next month for the purpose of considering this and a number of other matters of pressing importance. As to the raising of the capital required there is no doubt. Indeeci.two or three offers have already been made both to Mr Behr and to :others of the promoters of the new line for the whole Of the capital required, but the latter have me Intention of letting the new mcnc-railway be built by other than Lancashire enterprise, and they are full of confidence that Lancashire will supply all the money needed without any real application to Lsndon or the country generally'

===== 0002601_19010927_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATTITUDE CF SALFORD.

There are other matters needing a speedy settlement, and one of these is the Bill which is to be promoted during the enluing session of Parliament. This is recessitatrd by the compromise arrived at with Salford when the Bill was before Sir Lewis M'lver's Committee. Curiously enough the result of the compromise will be to save the company about £lOO,OOO, which will pay the cost of the Expensive opposition in Parliament about twice over. One element of the compromise is the shortening of the line by a slight deviation in Salford. This shorter route through the borough was originally contemplated by Mr Behr in making his survey and preparing the plans for the new line, but there were so many objections that could have been urged against it from a public point of view that tte idea was aban- doned in favour of the scheme as it came before Parlia- ment. When the Corporation of Salford commenced to discuss details it was found that rather than accept the route laid down they were willing that Tatton-street should be closed for a couple of years while excavations and bridges were being made in preference to the company taking possession of the large blocks of property which would be rr quired if the work projected under the 1901 Act was constructed. Such a Bill will not be oppoePd by Salford, and probably not by any body, wkile the line will be straightened as it apprcaches the Manchester terminal station. The solicitors and the engineer are now engaged in preparing the Bill and plans for this deviation.

WHEN THE NEW LINE_ WILL PROBABLY_ RE BEADY.

The public will probably be pleased to learn that it.is not expected that much more than three years will elapse before the line will be opened, and it is hoped that work on it will he commenced early next spring. Mr Behr has all along urged on the promoters the desir- ability of making a start at three pointslalong the line simultaneously—at Warrington, Liverpool, and Man- chester, The real difficulty both of construction and in the acquisition of the necessary property will he at the two termini. The land in the open country being easy to acquire and easy to wcik on will be first utilised, and it is expected that the generating station at Warrinaton and the line itself between Garston at one end and the Bridgewater Canal at the other will be pushed forward very rapidly and probably completed by the spring of 1903. By the time this is done it islex- pected that a coupleof cars will be completed according to the designs which were presenttd to the committees of the Houses of Parliament last session, and in these experiments will be made on the 24 miles of line so corn- pleted by which it will be Optermined whether any, and if so,what improvements will be needed in the construc- tion of the remainder of the rolling stock. Twelve months of experiment will solve many knotty problems and will teach much, and after this period has elapsed there will still be ample time to order new rolling stock in accordance with the designs that will be evolved as the result of this lengthy period of experiments, The Board of Trade officials will be able at this time to suggest any improvements which may occur to them to mitigate or avoid any of the dangers that may then have been demonstrated. Thus by the time the more difficult portions of the line in Manchester ana Liverpool:have been constructed every detail will have been settled, so that there may be no de/ay in opening the new line almost immediately after it is completed. THE RECEPTION OF TENDERS. In reference to the announcement which appeared in several papers recently to the effect that tenders for the construction of the new line would shortly be opened it is authoritatively stated that the question of asking for or receiving tenders has neveri yet received the i attention of the directors, and t s not at all probable that it will do so unti; after the new capital is raised.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901 OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. EARLESTOWN & NEWTON •1

ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.

Special services were held in this church on Sun- day in aid of the day school funds. The Rev J C Matthews preached at the morning service, and the Vicar, Rev T R Matthews, in the evening. There were large congregations, and substantial collec- tions were made for the schools. VIADUCT INSTITUTE BOWLING CLUB.

A handicap for Mr A Tunstall's annual prize should have been pa 3 ed on Saturday, but in con4e- quence of the rain, it had to be postponed. The knife and fork tea, which was arranged for, as a wind-up to the handicap, was, however, proceeded with, and thoroughly enjoyed by thoee who were present. A convivial evening was afterwards spent, songs being given by several of those present. Sr. PETER'S CHORAL SOCIETY NEWTON.

The annual meeting of this Socisty was held on Monday evening in St. Peter's school. Mr E Ley- land was appointed conductor; Rev James Ryder. chairman: H F Houghton, treasurer ; and G Collinge, secretary. Misses Adams and Baybut, far Newton, Mr R Carson, for Wargrave, were appoin- ted as a committee, the appointment of an Earles- town representative being left over. The fee has been increased from 23 to 3s, the members to pro- vide their own music. NEWTON-LE-WILLAYS BOWLING CLUB, The annual handicap for Mr A C McC3rquodale's prize and the entrance fees was commenced on Saturday. There were 64 entries. The handicap is divided into two sections, and all the players have to play on what is called the flat green, an I afterwards on the crown green. Os Saturday play was on the flat green, and resulted in J Bennett taking premier honours, which ensures him a second prize, although he still has another chance for the first prize on the crown green. L Bartlett was runner-up. WAIIGRAVE CTITIRCFI.

The alterations in connection with this church are now well advanced, and it is expected that it will be ready for the resumption of the ordinary services in about three weeks. The whole of the old windows have been replaced by new ones of a very neat design, all the old plaster has been removed from the walls, which ha ce been re- plastered, whilst for abut three feet high round the wane woolen panelling nicely varnished has replaced theplaster. The seating has been altered and instead of the straight backed uncomfortable pews, a lean back is provided, and all the divisions taken out. The organ has been taken down and will be thoroughly cleaned and renovated, and a new stop added. The total cost will be something approaching .£l,OOO, but the adde I comfort and cleanly appearance of tue church will fully com- pensate for the cost.

A RUNAWAY HORSE AT EARLESTOWN -AN OLD MAN INJURED. _

On Tuesday afternoon consPerable excitement was clused in Bridge-street, Earlestown, thr migh a horse belonging to the Co-operative Society, becom- ing frightened and running away. The horse was attached to an empty cart, and when crossing the bridge which spans Messrs Evans and Co's. private line, it suddenly bolted and raced at a goad speed down Bridge-street. On reaching Queen-street it attempted to turn,but swerved on to the footpath, and one of the wheels came into violent contact with the door of Mr E Goslin's shop. The wheel was forced off, and the cart fell over, this bringing the horse ton stand. An old man named Maynes, living in Derby-street, and aged 71 years, was standing near the shop, and unable to escape the danger, he was knocked down, lie was seriously injured and was conveyed on the ambulance to Dr. Valentine's where his injuries were attended to,and he was afterwards taken home in a cab. The damage to Mr Goslin's shop is considerable, one large window being demolished,and a good quantity of provisions destroyed. EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

A concert in aid of the funds of this club was givea in the Town Hall, Earlestovvn, on Monday evening. The room was well tilled and the funds of the club will no doubt benefit considerably. With one or two excsptions, local artistes were engaged, but they all acquitted themselves admirably, and to the delight of the audience. The progromme was Agreeably diversified, the glees of the Mazawattee Glee party being heartily appre- ciated. Their items were " 0 who will o'er the downs," " Patenc medicine," " Boys of the .old brigade," and " Wake little Kate," Miss Lottie Jones sang very nicely the two items put down to her account and Mr J Isherwood gave much pleas- ure by his manipulation of the musical glasses. He also proved himself a capable humorist, his contri- butions "In the twilight," and Girls I have met" being well received. Mr Fred Marigold reeeived full appreciation for his songs " Afton Water," and " The sailor's grave." Mr Walter Limond was heartily applauded for the song "soldier Jim," which was given in masterly style. Miss Lottie Jones and Mr W Litnond gave a nice rendering of the duet, " When the wind blows in from the sea," and Mr M alsh'e manipulation of the cornet in a couple of eolos " Old folks at home,' and " Annie Laurie," was loudly applauded. Mr W Teesdale presided at the piano, and also contributed a solo.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE wAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[By A CORRESPONDENT]. FOOTBALL.

As a result of Sr R.dens Town and Wigan United having t ) replay their Lancashire Senior Cup Tie, Earlestown were left without a match on Saturday. Tois will enable them to get their best available team together for their encounter with Darwen to- morrow, for there is no aoubt but that they win need it. Darwen are always a dangerous team on their own ground, and they are showing such in- vincible form this season that it is extremely unlikely that Earlestown will make much impres- sion on them .A team that can beat Blackburn Rovers league team in a Cup tie—and this is what Darwen diri a fortnight ago—is indeed a team to be feared However, Earlestown have got their best available team together, and they may spring a pleasant sur- prise on us by walking off with one if not both of the points. Stranger things than this have hap- pened in football. A new man will be seen et ceatre-torward in the Earlestown in the person of Dawson, late of Everton, whilst a new outside left is expected to turn out. Dawson is an accomplish- ed player, and EarleQto wn have done a good stroke of business in obtaining his signature, With these two new forwards and Bartley back in his old position the Earlestown forward line should prove a formidable one.

Newton were again at home on Saturday, the visitors being Tranmere Rovers. The game during the first halt was exciting enough,but after the inter- val both teams fell away Oonsiderably,and the play became just as dull as it had previously been ex- hilarating. The final score was one goal each and this about represented the game although the Rovers several times looked like booking the full comple- ment of points, as they did almost the whole of the pressing during the second nalf, only a determined defence keeping them at bay; The Newton for- wards did not exhibit near as much dash as they did against Birkenhead, in fact the might not have been the same set. They played in disjointed fashien, and seemed utterly at sea when they got in front of goal. Hill at centre-forward was a miserable failure, and this seemed to affect the play of the rest of the men. Rattling centres which any youngster with a knowledge of the game could have turned to account, went begging times with- out number. Newton will have to make drastic alterations in their forward line if matches are to be won.

The Rovers met. with another disaster on Satur- day, when Birchley defeated them by three goals to one. It is pretty evident that the Rovers are not up to last vear's standard as yet, two points out of a possible six will never do,

NEW YORK'S POPOLATION.—The city of NOW York contains twice as many Irish as any cite in Ireland,and a greater number of Germans than any city in Germany with the sole exception of Berlin. Many thnussnds of its inhabit-ants cannot speak English. Only 20 per cent of the New Yorkers are American by birth and Parentage, and of them only one in eight is of New Yoik descent.

CADBURY'S COcol can always be relied upon for Rs purity. A d ulterated coooas are risky and should be avoided. CADBURY'S CocoA. Is highly bentficlal to young and old, he delicate and the robust : it contains all the full nourish. t Properties of the Cocoa bean. It is Cocoa and Cocoa ly. (3)

===== 0002601_19010927_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. F. Matthews on Street

Betting and Sunday Trading.

Preaching at Latchford Baptist Church on Sunday morning from the words" Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people "—Prov. xiv, 34.. the Rev. J. F. Matthews said : No citizen of this ancient borough ought to feel any other than .gratetul to the Chief Constable for the bold and energetic way in which he has recently dealt with the growing nuisance of street gambling. I am pleased to see that be contemplates still more vigor- ous measures if his action has not the desired effect upon the fraternity. More than that, I think that he should kaow that he has the suppert of all right- feeling and loyal Churchmen in his effort to keen the streets of Warrington as morally sweet as possible. The unblushing effrontery of these who tout for bets is simply notorious. One can see these men on the Kautsford-road and in D diem- lane, and other places any day of the week, while they keep a vigilant eye upon any police officer that may happen to be in the neighbourhood. Youths and lads, girls and young women, are easily drawn to offer a bet, and no one can tell the final result of the evil spirit which gambling engenders. There is another matter of intere-st which has been talked about for some time oast, I arn glad to say. Teat is the opening of shops. There are not many on this side Black Bear Bridge, but on the other side, and in Warrington altogether the number seems very large. No value whatever is set upon the day, and no attempt is made to observe the usual decorum associated therewith. The opening of shops on the part of petty shopkeepers is ethically wrong and economically uesound. Ethically wrong because actually unfair to ocher tradesmen, economically un- sound because for purposee of labeer it meaus a seven days' working week. The spirit which prompts all this is morally bad. Greedeust of gain is at the bottom of it all, the unhealthy appetite to get money at all cost. Fl)vr far-reaching the powers of our local authorities extend I do not yet fully know, but here again I think if they would use what they already po,sess they would have the active supp:rt of all the churches, and a large, a very large, proportion of the ratepayers. That they do enjoy some power is obvious from the attempt m ide to put down street criers on Sunday, and to limit the sale of milk to certain hours in the forenoon of the same day. But for the most part the creation of an ideal moral atmosphere are the best, the true6t and the surest means by which any reform may be brought about. Savonarola's attempt to improve the morals of the Florentines failed because it left the hearts of the people just where they were. Had they been alive to the redeeming pawere of Christ's love, had the Florentine conscience been made eensitive to the enormity and heinousness of sin as God views it, Sayonarola'd reform would have been carried through without any dangerous reaction. We need to raise the standard of righteousnees high among the people of our town, not to lower it. To do that would be to bring (ur whole teaching into ridicule and contempt. If the ideal is to live and grow so must there be an atmosphere at Once healthy arid congenial. The public mind must be persuaded both of the vitality and reality of our religious life. They must see that it is both strong and free and sweet. Then the necessary influence will he felt. There will be a slow but positive deepening of conviction that " Rignteoueness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people."

The Ex-president of the Conference at Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

The visit of the Rev Thomas Allen, D.D., the ex- President of the Wesleyan Conference, to B'U-street Church on Sunday had the effect of attracting large congregations. The services are known as the "Chapel Anniversary services, and the collections taken were to meet the diluent expenses of the church. The con- gregation at the morning service was an excellent one, and the singing was of a healty character. The rev. gentleman spoke from the words "Time that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to Thy voice : cause me to hear it," from which he preached a practical discourse. The choir rendered the anthem "Send out Thy light" (Gounod) in a praiseworthy manner, the organ being ably presided over by Mr F Hickman. At the evening service the building was crowded. Dr Allen spoke from several sentences in the 144th Psalm and applied them to a large number of everyday subjects. Speaking especially to the young men from the words " That our sons may he as plants grown up in their youth," he said that he saw a large number of young men in the congregation. Might be ask them if the King's figure of speech illustrated their personal experi- ence ? Toe strength of the nation was in its family life and woman was the corner stone of the home, The de- velopments of commerce in England during the last century has saved them as a nation from absolute starvation, and their gratitude was due to Almighty God- That marvellous commercial supremacy would not be maintainea without a great struggle. It was a long time since any foreign ft tg had waved over the heads of Eaglishmen, and if they combined wisdom with righteousness in their foreign policy they would be able to disarm the miserable poiey of other foreign powers. —The choir, which was an augmented one of over 60 voices, performed a very difficult task with praiseworthy smartness. The special music set out for the evening was from the " Messiah " : Surely he bath borne." " And with His stripes," and " All we like sheep," and they were presented in a masterly manner. Great praise is due to Mr Hickman, whose efficient accom- paniment conduced so much to the success of the day. A collection was taken on behalf of he trust funds and the service closed with the pronouncing of the Bene- diction.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
The Stag Inn, .Walton,

The adjourned Daresbury fAcensing Srssions were held on Tuesday. Mr Browne applied for a final grant of the licence for the Stag inn,at Walton. The magistrates would remember that at the last ses- sions he applied for directions as to what should be done with regard to notices with reference to the final grant, superintendent Ennion had met the architects at the Stag itself, and was satisfied that the house had been completed. It was now ready for occupation. He asked for the final grant to be made.--Mr Bennett (of the offices of Messrs W and Segar Owen) said that the budding had been com- pleted in accordance with the plans.—The Chair- man said it was a great improvement. The appli- cation would be granted.

LAWNMOWERS GROUND AND REPAIRED. Green mowers slwaps in stook—J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIO ISTHE KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET Warrington.—(A4Vt). The Warrington Bowling Club—Social and Presentation..

A social in connection with the Bowling Club was held in the Pavilion at Arpley on Saturday evening. Mr William Richardson (president) pre- sided over a good attendance of members and pre- sented a very handsome gold watch, bearing a suitable inscription, to Mr S Kenyon. and a silver card tray to Mr Kll Pearson, the winners of the prizes in what is known as" The President's Prize Main," which came off about a fortnight ago. The runners-up were Mes4rs John Rogerson and A Walsh, each of whom received a silver cigarette Case. The President spoke in complimentary terms of the good play of the winners, and expressed the pleasure it afforded him to know that matches had been arranged with other clubs. A main had been arranged with the Seaforth club which was a very enjoyable function. He hoped several mains would be he'd next season. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr Kenyon having recited with effect one of his poems, a very pleasant evening was spent in listen- ing io songs and spee;bes. NEW AUTUMN JACKETS, Mantles and Dresses. Latest shapes In Wi.terprog Cast.. and Capes. Stormproof Coats a sneetallta.—W T Wm/aims, Sankey Street and Legb Street. Warrington. ASRTON'S LIFE TONIC Is THE KING OF . .

KINK ET-STREET. Warrin;gton.—(d.) - Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes The .ordinary monthly meeting of the Council was held at the Memorial Hall, Manchester, on Tuesday, Mr W T Postleth waits presiding. On the motion of the Chairman, the following address was ordered to be sent to the United States Ambassa- dor :—" The C3uncil of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Educational Institutes, which Union has a membership of over 163,000, with upwards of 130,700 students under instruction at evening classes, desires to record its deep sympathy with Mrs McKinley and the citizens of the United States of America in the great sorrow which she and they have sustained .by the untimely death of President McKinley. The late President, representing as he did a large section of the Anzlo-Saxon race with whom Great Britian is associated by relationship and by a common literature. filled the exalted office of Chief Magistrates of the United States of ' America with worthy dignity; this Council, as representative of education in this populous centre of the United Kingdom, deplores the act which brought about his death, and trusts the day may soon dawn when true education and thought shall so permeate the mind of man that such outrages may be no more." Mr Fred Pickford of the Royal Technical institute, Salford, was nominated for the acceptance of the Owens College Senate as " Rnm- ney " scholar; the" Mather" exhibition of £lO per annum for three years, was awarded to Mr Leon- ard Bingham of the Municipal School of Techno- logy, Manchester.

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. —Full value in cash

or offer per return of oost.—R. D. & I. B. FRIAER LTD., Princes Street, Ipswich, the largeit buyers in the world. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

Death of Lieutenant Walker.

In the casualty lists publishrd on Monday it is reported that Lieutenant C H Walker. of the South Lancashire Regiment died on the 20. h imt at De Aar Iron acute bronchitis.

Local Casualties.

The War Office on Tueeday night issued the follo‘ving casualties at Blood River Poort on September 17 :-Ist South Lancashire Regiment—Dangerously wounded 5,340 Private T McGioughlin. Slightly wounded : 5,774, Private T Gallimore, 5,279, Private H Armstrong. The War Office on Weonesday night issued the following :—let South Lancashire Regiment, 5144 Private F Jones, died horn Pneumonia, Vryheid, September 11th.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
IWKINLEY'S MURDERER.

Tried and Found Guilty.

The trial of Czolgoiz for the murder of President M.Kinley wss concluded on Tuesday at Buffalo. ...Police and other officials who were on duty in the Temple of Music when the crime was committed described what they saw, and one witness, a member of the Reception Committee, proved the prisoner's confession while in the hands of the police. He said Czelgoiz answered questions freely, and declared that he considered he had done his duty. Ho did not seem to be mentally dis- turbed. Dr Mann in cross .eicarnination said the Presi• dent was somewhat weakened by want of air and things of that kind, and the fact undoubtedly had something to do with the result, but there was nothing known to medical men that would have saved him,

:several of the guards and civilians who were near : the President also gave evidence in connection with the shooting of Mr M`Kinley and occurrences following. One of these was a negro named Branch. who was employed at the exhibition in thq Temple of Muiic. Branch, replying to an inquiry frr m Mr Titus whet her he heard the President say anything after he was shot, said, " Yes. I saw and heard him say, Be easy with him, boys.'" Ccunsel for the defence complained of the sudden closing of the trial, and said the prismer had stead- fast!: efused to give them any asistanse. There were no witnesses to be called for the defence. It was stag. gusted to the jury that it would be a great relief if they could find that the accused was a madman and not an assassin' The jury, after deliberating for over half an hour, found a verdict of murder in the first degree— that is, with premeditation and intent to kill.

===== 0002601_19010927_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON REVISION COURT.

Mr J T Foard, Revising Barrister, hell a court at the Town Hail, N _-wton, on Wednesday, for the revision of the voters lists for the townships of Newtoa,Earlestorvn, Southworth with Croft, and Winwick with aulme. W Holland Owen and Mr W Mawdsley, appeared on behalf of the Conservatives, and Mr H B Shores represented the Liberals. Mr T Gillespie claimed an ownership vcts in respect of Park House. He said he had owned the house ever since 1864 on a 939 years lease, and had rebuilt it and lived there ever since.—Mr Shores : Anybody associated with you in the ownership. Mr Gillespie : No, no, only my wife.—The claim was allowed. Mr U F Clarke was granted an ownership vote in respect cf 10 houses in Mercer-street, Newton. Thomas Forster, Ivy-lane Farm, Buttonwood, claimed in respect of the farm.—Mr Shores pointed out that the deeds said " Higher Ivy-lane Farm.':—The Barrister said the description on the list was quite good enough, and the claim was allowed. Thomas Clubb was objected to by the Liberals on a reclaim in r‘spect to the spelling of his name, which was minus a " b." Clubb lives at Derbyshire Hall Farm, Collins Green. —The barrister said he would add the missing letter. Ralph Hayes,246,CrDw-1 ane West,w hese name was spel Fleyes was objected to by the Conservatives in respect of succession from 60 Clarence-street to 2.48 Crow-lane West. The revising barrister having substituted " " for "a," Mr Owen said the order of succession was wrongly stated on the register.—According to the register the man left 246 Crow-lane West, and went to Clarence-street. He was at present living at Crow-lane. The barrister did not think that mattered, and allowed the vote. _ _ . . _

Thomas Brown, 166, Haydock-street, claimed in succession from 131, Crow-iane.—Mr Shores put him through a rather stiff cross-examination which led to the man mopping his brow vigorcudy.—The barrister Mr !Shores you are actually making the man perpire—Mr Shores said the register was not conclusive.—The barrister : It is hopeless to attempt to get anything from this man. He is not clear.—Mr Shores : I do not want to deprive him of his franchise.—The barrister sale it seemed alright.— Mr 3hores : We have visited this man's house three times, and have met with the same ambiguity.—The barrister said he would allow the vote,—Applicant salt he wanted his day's wages.—The barrister said he couid not give him,anything, as he had not assisted the Court : in any way. The chances were he naip,ht have lost his vote, but he had given him every Ihence, and that was all he could do for him, lie was not even cleat in his own mind,a9 to whether the man had followed from one house to the other successfully.—Mr 0 wen : I 'am perfectly clear.—The barrister : It is your business to do so. . . .

John Belton, 61, Clarence-street, was objected to by the Liberals in respect of the name which appeared on the list, as James.—Mr Owen said a declaration had been made in this Case, and an objection had been made to the declaration.—Mr Shores explained the issue of thee declarations, and gave the dates they were sent out, and admitted that the declaration was issued prior to the objection. Mr Owen asked to see the objection and pointed out that the objection did not tally with the name, but stated that Bolton had not occupied the premises for the qualifying period.—The barrister said that did not assist Mr Shore's at all, and be would allow the vote.—The applicant asked for his day's wages and he said be was a tin smith earning 7s 63 a day.—The revising barrister considered that a good lot, but as it was not very late in the day, he could not give it him. Applicant said he was on piece %orb at ninepence an hour. The barrister said he would give him 4. Henry Wallace, 19, Viaduct-street, Earlestown, was objected to by the Liberals on the ground of wrong name. Asked as to how he spelt it, he said " Wallace." Mr Shores said his surveyor had visited the house three times and it wu spelt " Wallis." Mr Owen sail , the man was not objected to on account of the name but because of not having ccmpied the. property the qualifying period. The barrister said they might be bad spellers, but it was clear his name was "Wallace." If Mr Shores' surveyor had been round three times that only showed he had been misled. Applicant admitted that his name was spelt in different ways. The barrister: There are 90MC people who will spell phone- tically and by a different rule to ordinary people. The man's name was clearly " Wallace." The vote was allowed, Alfred Manning, 21, Legh-street, appeared in respeat to a claim for succession from a house in Crow-lane.— The barrister said he was already on the let. —Applicant 9aid ho had bad a letter stating that if he did not attend his name would be crossed off.—Mr Owen said he had not sent an objection.—Mr Shores said he had not sent one. —The barrister said someone bad played a joke on bim. _applicant said the letter he got bad been posted at Widnes.—Mr Owen : We are getting near now. Mr Shores could not say that applicant bad not had a lett(r. —The barrister said somebody had been playing a joke e upon him.—Mr Shores : I have not—The man left, the court and turned up again about an hour afterwards Mr andt o t e produced b byythm Shores.—The revisiog barrister said notice of objction which was found the case was quite clear that the man had been objected to, and he would allow him 2s 61, and if such a case came under his rict,c again he would give heavy costa. An evening sitting was held and one or twa cases of no interest were dealt with.

The Agrieultural Society of the Medoc has awarded the Gold Medal for the best cultivated vineyard in the Claret districts to Chateau Londenne. This model estate belorging to W and A Gilb.y obtained in 1837 the gold medal given by the French Minister of Agri- culture, and a similar award at the Paris Exhibition of last year.

WANTED. Reepectable GIRL. for hou3e work : eountry girl preferred ; good character.—Coldlys, 6§, Walmeraley Road, Bury.

WANTED. '4ENERAL BTVANT comfortable home fare paid;ege 25 or uowarde.-310Rm5,173 St. George's road, Bolton, L dicaelaire.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL far one Indy, comfortable situation, wages £l6 to £lB.—Mias HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTBD General SIiRVANT; family four adult,: with AnDisoyre.vfetLreLnAcse.s7, insos plre lehyi .12 g wages £lB to commease.-2

WANTED. COOK and HOUSE kIAID ; situation rear Warrington ; references required ; £lB and £l7. Mrs. JOHNIEDN, 8, Marson-street, Warrington,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL,

By " Ovalist."

Language almost fails me in attempting to describe the encounter between Warrington and Broughton Rangers last Saturday. The match VIM magnificent, the result was agonising. Certainly Warrington never had harder luck in my recollection of them. They man- fully withstood the onslaughts of the Ringers when the latter were fresh and bad the wind behind them ; they gradually got the upper hand, they played the home team almost to a standstill, and then they lost the game by a single point in the last minute of the game. It was cruel luck. You cculd no more blame Warrington than you could give the home team credit. Personally I never felt more savage with fate and the accursed eccentrici- ties of football:than I did on Saturday evening—no, not even after the cup-final last season. Die Rangers have loomed so large in the estimation of the prophets that for Warrington to have beaten them on their own turf would have been a startling triumph. And as far as play is concerned Warrington 'were the winners ! Widdeson's last effort was splendid, but it does not rob Warrington of the honour of having quite over-played and morally beaten the Rangers at Broughto“. Few clubs—if any—will visit Wheater's Field this season and do so well as did the Warrington lads on Saturday, I always providing, of course, that the Rangers keep up their present form.

Warrington went emboldened by previous Successes and determined to win. As regards determination the same may be said of the Rangers, who had so far won all their engagements in most decisive fashion. Tioey started off too in a style which encouraged hopes ot yet another victory in the minds of their spectators. The visitors were very soon penned to their line, and the home pasiing machinery was in full swing. Notwith- standing the wet bail, the two James's, Wilson and Graham handled the ball very accurately, and it was a marvel how the last-named pair were kept out. They gave the Warrington left wing a lot to do, and as usual that wing was perfectly reliable. Fish tackled in wonder- ful fashion and more than once he had two men to face. They never passed him however and it was due to his excellent work that the oefence was not pierced more than once in the first half. o:casionally the Warrington halves and centres were called upon to tackle and right well did they do it, but generally when the Rangers got the ball they passed it along to the Wilson-Graham wing. In fact the monotony of tha play in this direc- tion was mistaken policy for the Rangers, Warrington being always ready beforehand for the attacking move- ment. Widdeson on the other side had little to do, but he did it well.

It was not all defence fr Warrington and they made a-number of smart movements which carried play into the Rangers' territory. Long punting with the wind always drove them back, however, and the home team bad certainly the lion's share of the game up to the in— terval. Just before changing ends .Fish sustained an injury to his lez,which resulted in him being assisted from tlae field of play to the great disappointment of ths five hundred Warringtonians who' were present. That disappointment soon turned to ill, when he re- sumed after halt time.

The wind slight as it was,!made considerable differ- ence to the play and Warrington were soon attacking as hotly as the Rangers had been earlier on. Five minutes of the second moiety had not elapsed before Allen cleverly dribbled the ball through the home backs and Fish completed the effort by sprinting over the line !arid scoring the first point of the match. Lame he certainly was,but for a lame man he travelled remarkably quickly when he saw the bail cross the goal line. This reverse naturally roused the Rangers up and they immediately made tracks for the Warrington line. W James initiated a smart series of exchanges which ended in Hogg easily making the scores equal. Then it was a ding-dung struggle. Warrington played like heroes and completely wore down their opponents. A fierce attack was main- tained. Fish failing to score only by inches after a dash- ing run to the corner. Then Allen crossed the line only to be brought back and Hallam had an unsuccessful drop at goal. Soon after he put his aide ahead with a beautifully judged long low penalty shot which just cleared the pa! the home team got very groggy " as Warrington improved, and were all over beaten in the last quarter, Both the passing and punt- ing were had, while Warrington were superb all round. Hogg made a mis-kick which accessed the ball across the field, i.nd from this blunder the Rangers won the game. Widdeson got hold when he had nobody facing him, and before anybody could realise it he was speeding I for the line with everybody in pursuit. Be rounded I Harris and Hallam, and scored a sensational winning try right at the corner, amid the frantic yells of the Broughton spectators. A minute before they were in the dumps and cursing every man on the home side. Now they were delirious with joy and thought there was , no tsam on earth like the Rangers, while little Widde- son only needed a pair of wings and he would soar straight to Heaven.

For all that they admitted that Broughton never had a luckier win, and so say I. It was luck pure and simple, though the sc)rer deserves every ounce of praise he gets. Warrington were very much cut up about it, the players saying they never played a harder game in their lives. It was certainly a tremendous struggle between two well.balanced teams from first to last. Play was always of a high order and up to the best standard of the Northern Union.

--- Though the afternoon was wet and drizzly the ground was in fine order. Somebody seems to have at last solved the secret of growing grass at Lower Broughton, for there is plenty on the field now. There was a splen- did "gate ' too, about 9,000 people surrounding the enclosure in order to witness tw) undefeated teams endeavour to slay one another.

All dab home teams won on Saturday, but one at least did not deserve to do so.

Comparing the Warrington and Broughton teams is no easy task. Where one was superior the other was inferior. Warrington had a big pull at full back where Hallam gave a masterly display, and on form I doubt if he has an equal in Lancashire. The forwards were also slightly bett,r than the opposing eight, but there was not a great deal in it. The Rangers were best represented at half-back,'whers W James did some very fine work. He is just the class of man Warrington could do with. Allen and Burgess are " good plucked 'uns," but neither is fast enough. The first named was a long way the best of the two last Saturday, the Fliaton youth being poor on the attack. The two three quarter lines gave (xcellent displays, and though the Rangers quartette attacked more scientifically it was due to the work of the halves. Nothing could have been finer than the defence of the Warrington backs in the first half and tney all combined effcctively at times. With a class half•back to ep3n the game out they need fear nothing in the country. Where is he?

This Sraturday the amnia( battle with Runcorn takes place at Wilderspool and it no secret that Warrington Mean to win. They have put up with defeats from the " Linnets " long enough and the tide is timed to turn somewhere between 330 and 5 o'clock this Saturday afternoon. Runcorn have been . very lucky in all their recent engagements with Warrington and I hope the luck will turn with the tide. In the way of ill-luck Warrington had enough last Saturday to laat this season through. Given a fine day the game should prove a big draw in this part of Lancashire and Cheala're. Both sides play open football and each has only once been defeated in this season's competition.

The Warrington team to meet Runcorn was chosen on Wednesday evening and is the strongest .t he Club can possibly put in the fold. Scholtze has been given a rest, Boardman making a welcome re-appearance. The fifteen is composed as follows :—Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, tt,ree quart.!rs ; Allen and Burgess. half backs ; B )ardman, Felt, Eden. Edmondson, Morrison, Cunningham, J Swift and F Swift, forwards.

To show the difficulty there is in getting rllyers of any note I may just mention that one of the Cumberland clubs asked Warrington £lOO for the transfer of a well- known forward. Cool, isn't it ? We should expect half a dczen pughers for that figure.

" Wattle" Davies is not content with having got off so lightly at the Warrington Police Court. On Saturday evening he sent a letter to the "Yorkshire Evening Post" which gave an ingeniously garbled account of the whole matter. Reading it one might imagine that Davies was the injured party, for he talks largely about the summons which he had taken out against a War- rington spectator. Then he blames the Warrington Committee for giving tbe afZair as much publicity as possible, and finally winds up by asserting that the Warrington spectators are the worst in England and warns the Yorkshire clubs to keep a guard over their players when they come to Warrington. Well done " Wattle " Davies! fie would take some beating in the delicate art of distorting the truth.

--- However he has not yet heard the last of the matter. The Warrington club is not going to sit down under imputations of the kind Davies has published abroad.

Angling. The annual committee match in connection with the Warrington Anglers Association was decided onSatur- day afternoon in the club waters at Heatley. The fish- ing was of three hours' duration, and was of a roving character, competitors being allowed to ramb'e and fish where they pleased. Owing to the unsettled weather several of the vice-presidents failed to put in an appear- ance. The mstch resulted as follows . 1, J Bancroft,

===== 0002601_19010927_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PIIVATI;

13 ounces 4 drams ; 2, E Gilbeirt ; 3, A Cook; 41) Podmore, jun. ; 5, Peter Knight . 6, W Brown •, 7, Unsworth ; 8. F Ernson ; 9, N Cook ; and 10, J B Wood., At the conclusion ot the m‘tch a substantial repast was served at the Green Dragon H tet. Tne after proceed- ings were presided over by Mr J R Newton, of Werbur-, ton.

A ST HELENS SCHOLAR WITH A BROKEN SKULL. Mr Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest et Peasley Cross, St Helens, on Monday evening, on the', body. of James Leonard Leyland, aged thirteen, wllo. died on Friday, as a result of injuries received wage.; playing in St Anne's Cathelic Schoolyard, Sutton, August 22ad. Deceased's father, Thomas W Leyland.' of the Slat. Inn, Baxter's-lane, said be did not know 0_ the accident until the evening of Tuesday, September Y. when the lad, who slept with him, groaned when in bed. He said he had a lump on his head caused bl pulling at the handle of a door, which broke off and le him down heavily. Dr Felton saw him, and round bee had been going about all this time with a fracture* skull. Dr Bates said the lad died from an abscess 0 the brain, raised by the inflammation at the fracture. . The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental Death." ELECTRIC CABLE SCARE.—PALL OF A TROLLEY POLS' Great alarm was caused in Cnurch-stree:, St. Helena./ a few minutes past nine on Sunday night, IoY a grea electric flare, which proceeded from the tramway cur, rent wire and one of the trolley poles, which for a brief space of time was illuminated with the electric curreat. This pole, situated at the corner of Church-street ana Naylor-street, supported a large electric arc lamp, an. by some means the top of the trolley pole was broke off abut four feet down, and the arc lamp, with th ornamental finial and part of the pole, fell wit, a crash on to the pavement below. The stree^ was crowded with the usual Sunday night crowd mostly of young people, and several passers-b had very narrow escapes from the fall of the beav cast-iron fittings and lamp, which crashed down with, out the slightest warning. The people in the street rad, terror-stricken in all directions. Toe five arc lamps on., the affected circuit were extinguished and the street'', plunged into darkness. It was at first nought that, something had gone wrong with the trolley wire,'but it seemed that some of the guard wires, which are placed' above the live wire to preveot telegraph and telephone-. wires falling on the trolley wire, had come into contact with the live wire, and carried the full force of tee current on to the trolley pole the top of which broke eff and precipitated the arc lamp into the street. The electric power station Was at once communicated with by an employee healed Green, who happened to be the street and witnessed the whole occurreuce. YEOMANRY CHURCH PARADE. About 150 officers and men of B squadron of the. Imperial Yeomanry (Lancashire Hussars) assembled at, St Helens Town Hall on Sunday afternoon for churcti^ parade to the Parish Church. The officers presentl were Major W Lee Pilkinston, Lieut. E 8 Pilkingtona and Veierin.ry-Ueut. W G Dixon, and they were met' by the Mayer (Alderman J Forster). The regimental band, under B ,ndniaster Batley and Sergeant-Major Cook, alio attended. The squadron presented an es-4 ceedingly smart appearance in the new uniform. Tbel service at the Parish Church was conducted by the' Rev Canon Willink, vicar, who preached frotn the text " The jly of the Lord is your strength." At the con- clusion the band played the National Anthem.

Shepherds' Conference. The annual meeting of the Lancashire and adjacent counties of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds, A LT, was held on Saturday evening at Chorley, when thirty delegates were present from Manchester, Warrington, Golborne, St Helens, Chorley and other places. The objects of the coe-. ference are to extend the Order, to raise decayinf lodges, and secure the unification of members' res presentatives at the A3l C. Another object is to,, further the establishment of a convalescent bola!, for sick members. There are 13 districts associatecli, with the movement, representing 7,378 memberssl, In his report, the secretary (Brother Jones, of Man' chester) stated that the work of the past year svB9' most satisfactory, and that there was a good balance in hand. Rules were adopted, and the officials elected were as follows ;—Bro Gartside, president ; Bro W H Sugden (Stalybridge), vice- president ; and Bra C A Jones, secretary. A noir' mittee of five were elected and three trustees,while the next meeting was fixed to be held at Bolton.

BYES THAT SHE I that is to say, many eyes which were seriouily affected. can now see as well as ever through MELLOR'S TREATMENT. Paranhlet Free. Mm. Lon. Eye Specialist and Gold Medalist, 233. Oxford - street, Manchester. Advt. (5). The Apollo Male Voice Choir—Conc at Sankey Bridges. Complete success attended the concert given ert Sankey Bridges Wesleya School on Menotti evening by the Apollo Male Voice Choir and other well-known local artistes. The room was tilled t° its utmost capacity and an attractive programme was presented in a nighly creditable manner. The Apollo choir has not been in existence very long but under the able conductorship of Mr. T. Brough, it has already attained consider- able efficiency. The programme opened witi the well known "soldier's Chorus" from " Faust " which was rendered with spirit and, expression and gained the hearty plaudits OE the audience. The other choruses sung, were "Annie Laurie,"" Belesgured," " Martyrs of Or Arena,"" Strike the Lyre " and " Comrades' song of Hope," all being admirably interpreted. The item 9. were given unaccompanied and from memory and the selections bore "testimony to the careful train- ing which the choir has received. In addition to the entertainment provided by the ch&r, Mr Tom Bsothroyd, gave two violin solos. " Caprice "and " Valse de concert "in his usual masterly style, being recalled for the latter contri- bution. Mr E Balmford acquitted himself well 10 three 'cello solos "Reverie," "Dreaming, 'and "Dans& rustique." which earned the high encomiums of the audience. Mr E H Pearce, who possesses & powerful bass voice was heard to advantage in" The young royalist" and " Jack's the boy." For his rendering of the latter popular composition he was cordially encored. Mr J Hampson contributed tyro recitations, " Story of a sister's love" and "Com- rade Jim," with considerable feeling, and so please the audience that he was encored for each. Alto- gether the concert passed off with gratifying 'success, the only unfortunate feature being that Councillor FR Roberts, who had promised to pre' side, was unable to be present owing t° indisposition.

D:ENTISTRY. TEEM, st‘Dcwintmence unneoessary,:but may be arranged. TEETH. AU consultations tree. TBETH. Hitch patient Informed beforehand the coit work required, TEETH. Gold &MI other fillings at mo.4erate charges.

TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P•inless Extraction as hitherto by ths Ala of Nitrous Oxide. TEETEI. Maker to Dentists of 1,?.,000 6rallo weekly.

Exors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST BY EXAM

MR. • MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...—.—...GEORG E-ST RE fa MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. tqi6 p.m.

WARRINGTON - --...3A, SANREY-STRSET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,- --31. BRIDGE-STREET

PIIIRSDAY, 2 to 5.

APPLEMARKET-STREST

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington Oposite Arpley Statio?' Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Beatinhigiiii., S. T. WARD AND CO

MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS', MARBLE MASONS. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces. Monuments Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones la °plaice. Marble, and Stone. Designs and listimates LETTER CUTTING. AND OL HANING EXISTItitI MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Jost( WALESO CO. SL The Examiner General Printing Works,4 Bevreats. street, and publishedj by them at the same Place also at the The Ezaminer• Offices, Victorta-road,WIJO.S. 32, George•street, Sr. HELENS and a, Market-ere.' HABLESTOWN," IU tbe County of Lancaster and also at ft? it. Runcoan ,in the County of Chester. Sinn 27 19°

A 77,

0a thf touree .oMinar3 +itkets Mauch UOIM

°Rite% '7Xlif 'ring I. Xi Lin

.I'l6,

q, 193 ,11/04 koR k)1141 Thirc ch4_ A 'Re ',tar etre et,

WI hat ,r. nd and rion he IA 0 I WA] WILL 1 mis boors fit •g re-' 1 11 (- 14 .po- etitrs Pun NOT' tuutal 'ramie taster,' • June. 1! Proved ,tla Division *lv or A 'orn ton t nd Pfye Meense( 1•1nd thE to ?tie tt. 10 the fifth Of Xlieutor US 4eCIVISee Id "1Y tll 1 hi°E, he the said Denson %ken ha, b‘ted irt N-6.? se t (It the tt..C°I3RI The t ‘eed Uflty tfl 1,14' • llni to ell4ion iN DI Outtif .4th e, ' at t• t'o; Atry %fie tell d Stric hßtl9sio th„ 45' of Chef •

===== 0002601_19010927_art0176.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_19010927_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lees than half the prices aBf;ed by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 303, Guaranteed MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEE at Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACOONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 438. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Norsing Record eayB: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, Painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says : Excellent in quality. The Industries soy: Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermddiate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Of iginal Testimonials. MACDONA.LDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 10 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 10 6.

bbREG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, TES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU."

(ZERGE JACKETS! SEUGE JACKETS! L 3 Every workman should have on of HUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets. strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 1.08. 64. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, AU goods sent carriage paid.

ILLIJMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pau-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans. quan titles Bre., copied and lithograpbed.—BßOOKi AND SJN, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH. MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, La, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. S. ItIGHAM ATTENDS AT MRS. BAIRD 17, LEGH-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS PROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS. _ "IT'S THE SUN THAT BRINGS THEM. OUT,'' And the splendid value ARTHUR EVANS Is giving in Gent's Boots induces them to dive into 5, LONDON-ROA.D, !LIVERPOOL and make their feet look respectable,

SPECIAL NOTICE. 630 MEN'S OVERCOATS (Forfeited Pledges) for Sale, from 2s 64 each upwards. Also, a quantity ot BOYS' and YOUTHS' OV ERCOATS. BLANKETS from Is each. SHEETS. full size, from Is each. QUIVIS from 94 each. Flock Beds from 4s 63. Feather Beds from its. AT HUGHES BROTHERS'. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS. AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 to 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5,171. TOOLS.—FOR SALE.—We hold the largest stock and variety in England of GOOD SECONDHAND TOOLS, at prices much below what they can be bought at elsewhere.

VIOLIBOW AND CASES. NS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. OTRINGS of the Fineit Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 57, RENBIIAIN-STRICET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

R. HOLLINGWORTII AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STEEET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PA\ MINTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams HoLtttsowouTE, Latchford."

UMBRELLAS I UMBRELLAS I THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRII9Et.I.I LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WC:JUNG STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES Inst.JVIIHED IN UAL7 AN HOUR FROM SS. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALIC COMPLAIN T MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only Person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul s. London, are ' engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most Chemists.

..IROGHF,DA STEAM PACKET COMPANY AND I, ei)"l3(ettiOgror":TNEArgriglL"enTrANEDL *knees included, a WEEK IN TRELASD FOR, £2. vOl, LIST of TOWNS, DEPARTURES, Bro.. apply ta OH° RGB H. HILL, 2!, Water-street, Collingwood Dock, IidcALPINE, 28, Hartland-road, Birkenhead

GLASGOW EXHIBITION. LA NGLANDS SAILINGS To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW.' " PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Sat. Sep. 28th 10 p.m. ..ihurs. Sep. 26th 2 p m.. 8.25. p.m *Trains from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central.) ORDINARY FARES :—Cabin. Single. Its. ; Return (valid for two months), 16s. 64. Steerage, Single, ss. 6d. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, including admission to the Exhibition (valid for 10 days). Cabin, 143. ; Steerage. Bs. 3d. WEEK END (Friday till Monday or Saturday till Tuesday). Cabin, 12s. : Steerage, 75. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, . I:4B+lLt'inky ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYER' LIABILITY. AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 . A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. ...._ Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. WI AGENTS: gton Mr. C. •3. HOLMES, Market Gate 1 Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe. Victoria-rd..Latchford II; "Oen. a -vdock tkldb"h Mr. 7. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Mr. F. 7. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge pr:-----1-----_l"th Mr. 7. HOLLAND WATSON.Momrfield House P ..11.418 DRINK Or Tis II SEASON. SIMPKIN'S conCentrated SARSAPARILLA WINE. m—conet of the Highest Purity and Excellence.' G. N. 441' 14..0.8• 6d. size makes 1 Gallon of Delicious Wine. fttri:,,frbottle post free, 9d. ; double size, Is. Agents wanted Appi "mare. 7 to BIMPILIN.II SARSAPARILLA BREWERY, WSIIIISMISIOW.

RITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STBAMBRS. LIVBRPOOL to NEW YORK via Q aeenstown . WEDNESDAY SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. OCEANIC Wed., Oct. 2 I CELTIC Fri., Oct, 4 TEUTONIC... Wed., Oct. 9 CYMRIC Fr!,. Oct. 18 GERMANIC Wed., Oct. 16 CELTIC Fri., Nov. 8 MAJESTIC Wed., Oct. 23 I CYMRIC Third Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston. Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to Dawn IMRIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London. 8.C.,

A. G. WRAGG, 168 AND V r7rA I , AVERTREE-ROA.D, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. HOUSE FURNISHER DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PIANOFORTES. Bcc. Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, ac. 214 143. PIANOFORTE, OiFuO burr , vrbif uHt oLuadn gee.; s ece. poanude—l front with massive sconces. full compass, iron frame, ivory keys, sweet rich tone, with check-repeating action, trichord. A genuine secondhand bargain. Cost new 40 guineas. WRAGH, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 241 os. dPraeisrauSgolibdublOsawk itlitllatielldamil.rrAorßLEsuSp-! ported with massive supports and quantity of large and small drawers ; washstand with marble slab, tiled back ; pedestal and towel rail. A bargain. 216 10s. prisingsolit Walnut very handsomeo rgSeU:iTz com War- drobe with quantity of hanging a,rd drawer spaces,beautifully shaped robing mirror, carved panels; dressing chest with a number of large and small drawers, with copper handles.and fitted with locks and keys,landseape bevelled dressing mirror on massive carved supports ; washstand with cupboards, rouge marble slab, and also slab panel, with massive sup- ports • towel rail and thrre chairs. A genuine bargain. Equal a3O guinea suite in Bold-street. WRAGG, 70. WAVEItTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, 1,1 WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSKY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21.5. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

20 VgiliEgtts,::_awnlin„,:vtespoonttageecul'll AtNo OnNeOwil relLt by guineas ; full compass, iron frame, ivory keys, trichord, sweet tone, panel front. The maker guarantees every instrument he waxes, ao that you can rely on it giving you every satisfaction. My guarantee for twenty years, and delivered and tuned free for 20 guineas. 211 Gentlemen's Pigskin RIDING SADDLE, in perfect J.. condition, nearly new. Carriage paid to any address. • - -

-------- 26) GUI Ae.JLArOFOItII m walnutwood case, t) by the world-renowned makers, Broadwood. White, and Co., London. This instrument is perfection in every particular, beautiful burr walnut ease, iron frame, patent check-repeating action, inlaid panel front, massive sconces, seven octaves, rich tone ; and I will give warranty for 20 years, having sold a great number of this maker's second- hand instruments. and never found them to 'ail in giving every satisfaction. Equal to:new. Tuned and alelicered free. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD LIVERPOOL.

38s. 6D. SOLID OAK DINING 12A81.N. with quantity of loo•e leaves extending to 8 feet. on massive solid oak lets. Well worth ES 10s. A bar- gain. Mao another. 6 ft., for 325. 6d. wRAGG. 70. WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 14,..3 18 J.; .01la Walnut W AiltllttOlib. with 3. silvered bevelled robing mirror, quantity of hanging space, also large drawer, carved panels, and large size. Carriage paid to any address. 18Lo SWI3I3OEIIIO in solid walnut, 4ft s• VD. long, 511 Sin high, with bevelled silvered centre plate support on massive pillars, with canopy top. A genuine bargain. WRAGG, 70. WAVERTRER ROAD, LIVERPOOL

_ 105. Owerit hIP iptegeAd L vf de Arei OpGI plats, stands 6in high, with quantity of brackets, also display cupboards. Hued with plush ;tbeautifully carved; and well worth £l6 10s Come and inspect for yourselves. WRAGa, 70. WAVERTRICE-ROAD LIVERPOOL. L/31 18 Solid War—nut BEDROOM SUIPE,our s 5. r)D. leading line ; consists of large ward- robe, pair of chest dressing tables, an chairs. All to match Impossible to describe fully on account of space of our advertisement being limited. 1(1- GUINEA:3 —DINING ROLM (Contents), jusi- if received from Freshfleld. sulable for anyone just commencing housekeeping. The lot consists of dining-room suite, very massive frames, upholstered in American leather; sidebo‘ro, 6ft long 6ft Sin high, with quantity of drawers and cupboards ; Brussels carpet and skin hearthrug, brass kerb, fire brasses, ashpan, and walnut rverrnantel, all to match, and they are worthy of an intending buyer's atten- tion. I undertake to pack and deliver free of any charge. NVAII worth 30 guineas ;my price 19 guineas. Equal to new. The furniture is being repolirbed.

Rl2 Solid Mahogany LOlli3 DRAWING S. ROOM SUIT% upholstered with rich silk tanestry, comprising high low settee, pair easy, and set of small chairs. A perfect suite in every particular. Equal to new. Cost in Bold-street £25 10e. Packed and delivered free. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL:,

9 GUIIIII/13 (HAAXB).—PIANOFORTIL in rosewood case, inlaid marqueterie panel, by the world renowned maker and holder of several gold medals for perfection in tone and construction. This instrument is a perf tpt model, with Iron frame patent check repeating action. overstrung, ivory keys, sweet tone, and unequalled in value at 33 guineas. Warranted for twenty years. Delivered and tuned free. WR/4.011. 70 WAVHRTRER-ROAD, LIVEPOOL.

SECONDHAND PlANtai VISRY CHRAP. £lO 10 S. cIassSATINWOOD asa comprising 13raUrgI Te , hroomyh wardrobe, with bevelled silvered robing mirror,carved panels (work eof art), with bonnet drawer and roomy spice for hanging wearing apparel; dressing table, with bevelled silvered mirror on patent actions support oc bracket, with jewel drawers, two large and four small drawers; washstand with pedestal towel rail marlile slab, and double tiled back ; and two chairs complete. Cannot be equalled in the city of Liverpool for qulllty and value. lay price £lO 10s. 21s. BwrtraTalrAr 4afsts 6rn rails, mounted 60 futa6tlend. , aeaxdt extending gk nfoobost , worth 30s a set. Only 12 sets left out of bankrupt stock. £7 10 PARLOUR SUITE, in walnut frames, S comprising roomy couch,lady's and gent's and set of small chairs upholstered in rich saddlebags, carved frames and well made (guaranteed). A bargain.

WitkfiG FOR PIANOFORTES. WRAGG FOR SIDEBOARDS. WRAHG FOR PARLOUR SUITES. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING. WRAGG BUYS FOR CASH. YOU ARE DEALING WITH THE PRINCIPAL WHEN YOU BUY AT WRAGG'S. WE TRADE IN OUR OWN NA hIE. t 3 5 Very handsome Chippendale Xahogany Louis S. OVERSIANTEL, very massive bevelled silvered plate centre oval, equal to new. Several o ther designs to select from. Delivered free.

A. G-. WRAGG Will BUY for CA.S4 all kinds of FURNI tURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 68 AND 70, WAVERTHER-ROAD. EDGE HILL, LIVBRPOOL.

HLT G. BOWLING, ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD•STRERT, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 2l. Ellestnere.road, Stockton Heath.

is A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVEiR EN4LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSES, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat In the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This witch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AmoyNr OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO.. we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0. EADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,ll. EADIt'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. "Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 63. New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. ]EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58. Northumberland-street, Poplar. _EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."--11 7 Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills,"—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. EADES GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills.as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W. ' EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. "The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philin Brans, 32, Archer-street,' Bayswater, W. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got rellef."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months,. but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford-street. Coalyille East. Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White. 2. Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE.'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox: If that Is so yours are worth a guinea a, pill."—Ait red Hague, Butcher. Stocksbridge, Deepcar EADB'4 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. lid. and Es. ed.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGB BADE, 232, Goewell-road, London.

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP To TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO Solt TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RUEBERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. C yOles bunt to order from Perry's Eadiee, B.S.A„ and hater Lee Dttiogs, Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, W*RRIN'GTON,

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES !! CARPRIDGES !! ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISPITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTERY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. SEE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTIPS CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTCN AND DISTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SA A N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, W ARRINGTON. (FOR UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH SHELTON'S, LTD.

CALL AND SEE PENDLEBURY AND CO's. IMMENSE STOCK OF BEDROOM SUITES IN ASH, AMERICAN WALNUT, SATIN WALNUT, ETC ALL WARRANTED TO BB STRONG, SOUND AND RELIALLE. 12, AND 14, WINWICK STREET, WARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22. carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value In the town or district. Sold by weight from SIMMS SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each put. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EDSTANOB AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE • The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Drngiflots. 10 09aliste5 6d., 10d., and le. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

A. AND J. ATLAINE, • PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSM THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET. WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street., Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED VOCE OF GENUINE JEWELLERY SILVER PLATE &c, ALWAYS ON SALE. SPECIAL VALUE IN GOLD CHAINS. Gent's Handsome Solid 9ct GOLD CURB DOUBLE ALBERT. Government Stamped on every link, £2 7s 6d ; another at £2 10s, also one with one king link and three short links, same price. A PlassivelSct GOLD OPEN CURB ALBERT, Goverment Stamped on every link, weighs just under 3 ounces. Ell 10s. Wt itten guarantee to lena £9 10e on this chain at any time in pledge. BEST YALU& in DIAMONDS in Liverpool. LADIFIS arid GENTLEMEN'S RINGS at all prices in Stock. Enquiries by post receive prompt attention. A WRITTEN GUARANTEE given with every article of Jewellery Sold, as to the amount we will lend on in pledge, A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, &a. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINET, RICHMOND STREET, LIVERPOOL.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAILHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PRH. WM. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old 'old and Silver Antiones, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Blot.ey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Am.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THREE ESSEN HAL THINGS. TO SECURE WHEN FURNISHING. VALUE. STYLE. QUALITY. ALL THREE CA 1P BE HAD PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING AT THE STORES. 9 To 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FREE DELIVERY. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FM.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. MEN'S SUMMER SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. ; YOUTHS' SUMMER suns STYLISH AND WELL CUT. BOYS' SUMMER SUITS LATEST 1901. SPECIAL DESIGNS. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. ALL PRICES FIXED ON FIRST COST. IF YOU THINK THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN, JUST PAY A VISIT TO THE M.C.D. 8, AND 10, HORSEITA.RKET STREET, WARRINGTON. THE NOVELTIES IN CLOTHING THEY ARE SHOWING WILL ASTONISH YOU. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEKARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A L.srge Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wed dI ng and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 10. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIOI:OGEAPHE for Orystoleum and Panel Paintinz. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK. YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. • - (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE! TO BE HAD WHOLESALE MUM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

WT. HODGBINSON, LIMITED, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY WILL MAKE THEIR SPECIAL DISPLAY OF AUTUMN AND WINTER FASHIONS. REAL LACES. A VISIT Or INBPECT:IN WILL BE HIGHLY ESTEEMED. 46 AND 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINKTON.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, All the advantages of co-operation may be secured without trouble 13.7 customers dealing with BOOTS. the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS, who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent. on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES, EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, A 'MD CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET } WARRINGTON, 5, BKIO4E-STREET ALSO AT 6, ORMSKINK-STREBT, ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREET, RUNCORN, 8c 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

A WISE MAN BUYS WHEN A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH BROS. & Co., ()ASH 13ARGAIN SALE. 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GENERAL AND; FUEN/SHING IRONMONGERY, GRATES. MANTELS, RANGES. GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, TENTS, TENNIS. CROQUET, .4n.. HAMMOCEI, 20 and 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891. (Removing to Dcanegate shortly.)

IF DOUBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE, r 11 ARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON CAN SUIT YOU. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM, DINING-ROOM AND BEDROOM SUITES; BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING, KITCHEN FURNITURE, BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS. (i FEW SHOP-SOILED ONES AT COST) HOUSE FURNISHERS, In the country and manufacture nearly every article they sell. They supply goods on the easy payment system cheaper than most houses do for cash. MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CALL HARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, INSPECT OUR STOOL NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12s 6d. Liverpool Agent : R RITBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL. CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WM.:IMAM WATORES in Gold, Sliver and Gold-filled at Lowest Prices Current.

WO 11J L 0 Nt'O 5..1 HAv E SOFT VELVETY 15 1 Then use 4'. r , , %1 ea- .. , ' A wni - entirely remove all 6d.3 sand2s.6. ROUGHNESS,CHAPS, oe.,TAN, IRRITATION, etc.. Bottles In a very short trr. :o. M.BEETHAM & SON* a CHELTENHAM,

REDUCTION IN PRIM. kOtt B ANDESCENT BUtiNERS. • 1: iv DESCENT MANTLES. INCANDESCEN S CHIM s NEY. ,} INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOXE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PA I TERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT ADkMS 80 ST. JAMES PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVERFGOI

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! S EEDS !! ! FOR VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARK EY AND MORRISON, GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. GATALOGITES FLEE Mr POST.

BEER. SAVE A LIFE AND SEND Is. P.O. ANTI-ARSENICAL PILLS, CAWLNIA CO., SHEFFIELD. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned or TOWLE'S CEILORODYNE CoCnOsuUmTon, BKONOHITISI. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Asthma, NF LUENZA,, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms. DIAREHtEA., TOWLES CHLORODYNE 4 doses for 2s. ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. nralcraw LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

TIOUGLAS, DOVER ROUSE, MONA DRIVE, Dentin' Promenade, close to places of Amusement and Bathing Wounds,. Trams pAns door. Terms' S. to 6s per day.—E. A RESBI3 ERG, Proprietor.

TSLB OF MAN.—When driving to PEEL AND GLEN HELEN, DINE at the GLEN HELEN HOTEL. Three course dinner ls 6d - teas any hour; string band plays while you dine. Full boar 6s fid a day. DOUGLAS—EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE,Castle Mona, Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; trams pass door ; term s Si 61 to 6s per day.—Mrs KELLY, Prepnetress. DOUGLAS. GREBLWOOITBOARDINEI HOUSE. First house on promenade, unequalled position, facing sea. Visitors will Mid this house most comfortable. Very moder- ate terms.—Apply E. Vin ...1.11.100.N. Proprietress. Xelegrams Gymnasium."

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BUhTON cQUARE. HOME COMvORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd. QOUTHPORT.—STRINTSIDB HYDRO, Physician Dr BARNADO, Summer and Whiter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every cocutort ; line Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day. including Turkish Russian and other .Baths. Massa,ge and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor. PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. T=EPHONE 48,53. ESTIMATES FREE AN lITANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS; FITTINGS Au.

apartments, SurnWbar 3Pousts Brr QT. ANNll3.—Comfortable APASTMWITS near sea and A. 7 station; terms moderate.—Lanms. St Annee-rd, East. I OD4INGB for two respectable MEN ; renionable terms. _LA —Apply 70, BOLD-STREFT, Cborlton-road, Manchester.

RHYL (North Wales).—Billes of sound clean sands ; tinest promenade ; sea-bathing incomparable; Zatl3le . moderate terms —Lists (penny stamp) 13ECRETARY. 107711 Committtee.

riELARLICRE HOUSE, 1, Empress-drive,Central Promen- ade, Douglas, Isle of Man, spltndid Sea Views ; Board and Residence irom 5s to 5s 6.1 per nay. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS and private SITTING-ROOMS.—M iss Rag :a rot, Proprietress.

A CCOUCHEMENT.—A happy and COMFORTABLE LI. MOUE tor any lady before and during continement,in the house of a Trained Nurse ; every care and attention; moderate terms.—Write N umE, 94, Westbourne-road, (Naughton, Birkenhead.

DRAPERY BUSINESS FOR DISPOSAL at once, same hands 16;years ; a chance seldom met with; would suit one or two young me.i commencing. smart corner shop, private entrance; excellent house in healthy neighbourhood close to Belton and Princes Park ; low rental ; stock to suit purchaser or optional. Fixtures and good will moderate ; only requires seeing.—For particulars apply, DunLesroN,lB, Smithdown-road, Liverpool.

tbniern, tic. ----- 4 SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, IX new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 u. Ce ntres bit to 2Uft. Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 21t square to 12tt by 41t square, Drilling Nadia! and Vertical. Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working MaMinery, etc.—PABILsoToN, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Establishod 1864. JOHN G. A'VILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET sTREET, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK GEAIIS.

pATBET OF I, ICITa MANCHESTER, EBTABLISNED IN 1'635. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha more than 40 years' personal experienceln connection with this Establish- ment andposeesspraeticalknowledge of the ootton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price la. GEORGE DAVIES, C.R.. & SOS, P.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4. BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

lir, R. TOM. BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR. Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STRBBT, WARRINGTON.

AVENUE COTTAGE. WINNINU.ION. NORTHWICH. WADWei SCHOOL for young Ladies has a vacancy for four Boarders ; every home comfort; healthy situation ;terms moderate ; or comforiAble Home for Widow or single Lady.

R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, Ii prepares students Mr examination in Pianotorte,Organ, Theory and klarmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. IWORaB over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 55, MARKET-STREET, hariestown, and at 2E3, ARTRUB-BTBXET. Warrington.

MIStSorEDTALIvhcLI al.NdliSr II lilcrAeLs uloaxes uhceirslaSrlyEi CLASSn cCI'OBER, at the CAlltablitifliT SCHOOLS. SAIUIt- DAY, October 12th; WEDNESDAY HVICNING, October Stb.—For further particulars apply to 4, SALninuitY-STREET, Warrington.

kir AIN CkIES TER GRAMIAR SCHOOL. -- Fee, £4 46. per term. The TERSI BEGAN SBPIEMBER 17th, Entrance Examination, Monday, September 16th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, &c., may be had at the school. he boarding house in connection with the school Is BILUAtCd In R.gher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

itiorgto, 6arriageo. .!;rt. Tvi?florotuD,LUdllll,lEnSwltlb) Cl.vAiltiTn.e:.Apply, W. NORRIS,

2150.000 AonT firdcomrtg3Leperorcret to i tbeorditeadn.oflnd bum. to suit uorrowers. in sny p.rt of the country.—J. W. itk.snek, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£5, 17, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O. £lOO. ADVAISCE6 MADE PRIVAT.ELY to IttADES- MEIN, YARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect, tine Householders, on tnelr own security, without delay, on Jour simple written promise to pay bacir. leant AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INNOILMAILON FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF TUE CENTRA.L STATION. MANAGER : JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—EstablisLed at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 10 £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MBRI-2EY bTREET WARRINGTON. TUN ABOVE COMPANY LS PREPALED To adVanCe LOaile to reepeCtable houaehOldera, ahopkepera and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE EX WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTa. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DIn:RIUT mANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From RIO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CITARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN, PROMPT ATLENTION TO INQUIRIES. The nndersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAMIL He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND msIANES from those who have dealt with him, ror ..14tuce, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for -Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT CQUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, tiCIIOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, RENNEDY-6TREET, MANCHEUER.

RYDER LLOYD AND co., BUSINEf.4.S BROKERS AND VALUERS. 21.. OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL, (Est. 1837). BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or ',VALUED (any distanee) at MODERATE and FIXED CHARGES. EUTERS SUITED TREE. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. Advice free. Stock-in-trade of any description purchased. CALL, WRITE, CP. TELEPHONE 1)19.

STUDY TRUE ECONOMY AND F IURNISH AT PITT3'6 LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER dust past Station, through Hallway Arch) ; ALSO AT p ITTS'S, PANTHEON, GA Y THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED bY ROYALTY NOBILITY ETC. GENIUS AN INFINITE CAPACITY FOR TAK- ING PAINS. Such was Carlyle's definition, but there are people who do not agree with the late Seer of Chelsea. Ibey consider genius is that particular attribute which enables its possessor to do with apparent ease what requires an infinite capacity for taking pains on the part of Ordinary individuals to accomplish. Now we do not profess to be geniuses, but no one can gainsay our infinite capacity for taking pains. We have a reputation for thoroughness. It is by the constant and persevering exercise of this quality thht we have built up our business from a mere nothing uVEIL HALF A CENTURY AGO to its present vast dimensions ; in fact, our fondness for doing things thoroughly is so highly appreciated by our numerous customers that they ate never tired of advising their friends to patronise PITlh'S, of Lon- don-road and Eaythorn. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 151, 221, 28f, 381, 60, 75, ,100, 200, up 1,000 guineas, have been pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERVEJTION. Tueir high artistic and iutrinsic merits, their beauty, and VALUE are apparent to casual inspection. Full particulars and ILLUoTEATBD FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, priced 50 PER CENT BRLOW elsewhere, post free. Cash Prices only quoted. Deterred payments 10 per cent extra. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE, exceptionally cheap, the late owner having been com- pelled to realise throuah unfortunate speculations. It is very seldom, indeed, that an opportunity like tuis occurs of furnishing at about a THIRD OF THE USUAL COST, especially considering the high-class character of the goods, which are In every respect like new. Briefly, they are as follows, and will be sold in lots or separately : HALL FURNITURE consists of Mahogany Hatstand, two Chairs, Side Tables, Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Coeur% Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet ; lot cost £24 tor £ll. DINING IWoll.—Qranu Suite American Walnut, up- holstered in first-class manner and covered with real leather; cost £47, for £.22, Dining Table to match, massive and bold, cost £7 16s, for £3 103. Magnificent Sideboard, really worth £5O, for Eat. Tattle for window re2ess, cost £5. for £2 10s. Ovezmarttel, cost £6,for £3. Heal nve-trame Brussels carpet, cost £9, for £4. Neal Skin hug, fur 21s. Bronze Timepiece and Figures, £4 4s, cost double. Brass Fender, Fire Brasses Fire Dogs, cost En, for £2 Os. Two Vases, 355, Coal Vase, I 185 6d. I DRAWING ROOM—Exquisite Suite. Chippendale style ' artistic covered in rich tamaii,ry ; cost, R.:O for E4O. Table to I match, coat £4 lus„ for £2. Elegant Cabinet, cost E.". 0, for £l7. Music Cabinet. £2. Card Table, RI ls. Overmantel, cost £7, for £3 35. Velvet Fite Carpet, £5 10s.' cost double, Skin Hugs, 14s, and Is. Brass Feder and Fire Brasses, cost £5, for £2 2s. Tiled hearth, fitted complete. MORNING ROOM, in rest saddlebags, mounted with rich laretcht Velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Easy Chairs, and set of Small Chairs, Extending lable,Cheffonier, Over- mantel, Carpet, lender, brasses, complete ; cost £55, for £23. BEST BRDROOM—Splendld Suite in American Walnut, large wardrobe, bevelled plate glass, exceptional conveni- ences ; large Dressing Table, with bevelled p:ate. washstand with marble top, pedestal and tour chairs, cost £75, for £35. Massive all brass Bedstead, with hpring Mattress, Bed, Bolster, and Pillows, cost £l6, tor £8 10s. Toilet Service, 15s 6d, Carptt, Hearthrug, and Fencer, cost £5, for awl. .THE THREE OTHEE BEDROOMS, similarly furnished in Chippendale, Mahogany, Satin Walnut, and Decorated also EiTCHEE FbILNIIUNE complete. pITTS'S CARPETS & FLOOR COVERINGS Grand Display. All-British makes, choicest designs' many of which exclusively exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. pITIS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSI'S ETTEs. Mail Carte, Lamps, China, Glass, Table Billiards, bagatelle, Earthenware. Magnificent selection. —., SAMUEL .PITT S., MANCHESTER, LONDON-BOAD (Ardwick, and Longslght Cars), GAMIC/ill (all City-road Cars pass coor). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

THOMAS DOMVILLE PAWNBROKER JEWELLER AND CLOTHIER" 311 PRIRSTLEY-STREIST, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. Money LENT on WATCHES. CHAINS, DIAMOND RINGS, JEWELLISKY. and all KINDS of FURNITURE. Below is given a few of our special lines In forfeited pledges L ; WORTH DOUBLE. A very Handsome WALNUT OVERMAN- ILL. A large centre Mirror, Bevel Edge. Surrounded by 9 other pieces. Only wants seeing. PAYMENTh TAKEN. 17s. 6D. viveroyrstehrvictuleblie,A. pituTs lit y forfeited. 3ydd.A. by 3, in capital condition. A sacrifice. aTolia 17s. 6D. Centst OTStrpongijaßudjalittasijvtle sSLI SILVER Forfeited,W alidland Lever) by those tamous makers Graves & Sons, Sheffield, Splendid timekeeper and in thorough repair. Another by Uaves 355, 12s. (3D. Dozen WORTH o 25 verys. Superior or h Forfeited, it:b ndolneed L NEER KNIVES. Balance handles, makers James Fenton ti; &AN, Sheffield. A chance seldom met with. 10S. 6D. JUtT FORFEITED. Avery Service- able Solid BEASS ASH PAN. No worse than Lew. A oargaln. Another one at 8s ea. 91 Worth 355. A Pretty TOILe:P SET. Quite GUS. ane design. This is a bargain seldom met with. A very au 235. 6 eD. CußßFahstdaugsos nzie bU sewiLlD BRASS tternFire Brasses to match only 8s lid. '7 S. JUST FORFEITED. 7 Yards of LID.TAPES- TRY STAIR CARPET Half a yard Wide. A Bargain. NOTE THE ADDEEFR. 3IA, PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON, CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL ORDERS. LE'TTERS ATTENDED PER RETURN OF POST.

RE B I I Cricket and Football Sets, Cameras, Watches; A: Alberts, Bracelets, for selling 9 pieces of jewellery. Bend no money.—bPOßTS brSDICATE, Crosscauseway, Erna- bo riz h.

I IIIOWI4 biILRUTION of 40 FOREIGN BIRDS for bisposal. Lady giving up Aviary.—On view at GLAN-Y-UOILD, Conway, 1 miles from Penmaenmawr Station. -- T UHT PUBLISHHD. What every Wife and Mother should tl know. Plain, Is. 6d. ; coloured, Is. 9d. We guarantee genuine edition. " Plain Home Talk" and lists free.—BooK SUPPLY COY., 34, Daiston-lane, London.

VETTING. NETTING. Uarden Netting. Cricket Nets. 11 Tennis Nets and Game Nets of every description. iHOMAS JOHNIIOII.II, Net Warehouse, 38, Corporetion-street, Manchester.

I NDIGESTION. ItHe.l/MATISM, NEUHALGIA &c, curer free. Thermal Baths cheap; 30 days free trial. Agents Wanted. Write representative The Century. Thermal Bath Cabinet Limited.-17, HOWARTH-STREET, HlficileY• Wigan.

rilo CONTRACTORS, BUILDNRS and Others. Special Offer of NAVVY and BOX BARliows. For prices and ail f urther information.—Apply IRE WARRINGTON SLATE CC., LTD., Builders and Contractors Merchants, 33, Bold Street Warrington,

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Ude. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free oi receipt of post- card. Address :--PUBLIBEIEkte, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester,

GUN.—Finely finished 12 bore double BREECH-LOADER top lever, central fire, left choke, improvei extension rib, " nicely adjusted rebounding locks,'' walnut pistol stock, new, good killer. 41s. ; approval.—A. T. JAMES, 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, Lond,n.

910 E SOLD.—Farnworth, near Whines.—The extensive _L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure CO, with Machinery and 24,42 J square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. buitabie for Chemical or other works requiring spaee.—Address J kiosxixn, 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool. . _

L. AT POlSON.—Amongst the many preparations now IA offered for the destruction of Rats. Mice, Moles, etc.. Sanford's original Found Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors—ln boxes is. 2d., 2E, and 3s, post free.—SANFORD AND Sox. Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

S_ UFFER ER 8 from Nervous Disorders, Impaired Vitality and kindred ailments (etcher sex). acquired or coustlt u- tioual. should communicate with experienced Opecialist who guarantees rapid and absolute cure in all cases. Address in confidence.—SYLVESTEK, Specialist, 175 Blackfriars-road, London, S.B.

JUST OUT! New Petroleum Cooking stove, blue frame the only stove that will toast bread without oily flavour. boils as quickly as a gas stove. No smell. Uses one penny- worth of oil in 21 hours. Cheaper than coal, cheaper than gas. Price 165., carriage paid. Send for L. Fox, 324.61reat St. Helens, London.

AND IRON ISHSDS AND BUILDINGS-21 superior etructures comprising open sheds from 32 by 15ft to 63 by 24ft—hay or grain 'Med 64 by 24 ; complete buildings from 18 by 10 to £OO by 30 ; ornamental pavilion, etc., 30 by 24 ; chapel, mission room, school. etc, 50 by 25. Very moderate prices. Al/ erected tor Inspection at ISAAC DixoN AND Co's Show Yard, liranby-row, Saukville-street, Manchester, Office, I, Cathedral Gates.

AMES P. BATH and SON, eP STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANIGLAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, HAVE FOR SALE 800 BONANZA CAFE Co., Ltd. ORDINARY SHARES paying 15 per cent.; 400 ORDINARY SHARES, BEVINGION NOUS la HOTEL, £420 ; MERSEY DOCK BOND paying 3 per cent. due 1913; WANTED MADAME vAL SHITH 0 dDINARY and Preference Shares and Union Credit Bank Preference.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 10s. OD. AND £l5 15.. On SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS L mITED, 74 TOLD _STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

fYRES I I- , YRES ! I ..1 , YRES !! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cbeapeat, simplest and beet cover in the trade ; lls 6d each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered With beet rubber Ts each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stoceed. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. Co., LTD., 1 POLLARD & C 1 INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS. 28, BHURSWICE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSEY-STRERT. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

DELICIOUS. RED WHITE SL BLUE COFFEE. For Breakfast and after Dinner. SOLD EVERYWHERE.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDRD 1710. Bum INSURED IN 1903 EXCEEDED £450,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON ...... Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods as Bon, Commercial Chambers 55, 11 orsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Foisey, 21, Ring-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street.

SOUTHPORT, HAYES'S RESTUARANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE). SPECIAL TEEMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES. 38, CHAPEL-STREET.

COOPEUB WANTBD for dry cask making, welt used t° notching hooke.—Apply J. WOvt3EY AND ZON, Coopers, Ormsktrk.

WANTRD for ISENUTHATION PUNPOSNS ; a MAN aged imm 35 to 4,), wei& acqeainted with the town.— Apply by letter. stating wages required, to ASkIzTANT OvERBEEN, Bank House. Wartington.

4,ANITAHY 114bP1iCIOILSH1PS salaries £lOO to £2, kJ numerous vaeancies. Postal Course of Lessoas now commencing tor Manchester and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 25U successt ul candi- dates; ladies eligible.—Apply ttoBERT IduskiErts. banitary actence :Leacher, buuderland. name paper.

WANYHD, by a Lady, Situation as LADY HSU', where assistance is given, aud no children ; domesticated. Y. Z., 5 POOLE-HOAD,Di °an ligremont, Cheshire.

Wtiood Experienced WSNISUAL,must be strong and active ; elite to wash ; good references required; Wages £l6 to corninence.—DlßS 0-ORTON, .1.1, Hign-iane, eboriton-cum-aardy, Mancheiter.

W fi experieuced Bessi tilt itAL IaVADIT fur AJtrincharn ; strong and active ; atle to wash and do plain cooking ; nurse kept.—Apply uy letter till beptember 27tn to 21ra Yorke, _Kimberley hiount, Fairlieid-road, Buxton ; stating age, wagea and reference.

Lla 4 Soothed Furnished COTS, B autitul View ot Sea and Land, 3.0 miuutea walk from rantasaph, tor particulars write to Mrs JOZIEB, Tanor, srmel, North Wale., 't)(11) CIUUCItia BIJSIBEim. must sell; taking £l2 to lf £l4; good reasons.—a, NE W TON-STREET, tivr tall, Manchester.

TO BE DISPOSND of small LOCKUP SI.101;.; good 1. thoroughfare. Ice cream, sweets, minerals, tobacco ar fittings to be Sold reasoriable.—Apply 3,?4, TANLr- ROAD, Bootle.

GiUll IMMIDIATIG LISPOSAL, owner going abroad. eatabli.ned Grocery Buaineea iii busy part of Liverpool. Doing nice trade ; euit yoiang man ; price £5O all.— HARBISON, 21. Tempest-hey. Liverpool.

ROCRELY and PROVISICON9.—Going Concern, in good lir ready-money neighbourhood ; takings £3l per week rent 9s. 6d. clear; other business to attend.—Apply ISI•MAJzox, WARDLE. dONS. and LO., LTD.. 36, Stanley-road Liverpool.

AT ANTED Superior GENERAL. good bituation in centre of Warrington, wages £l6, no washing.—Apply MISS HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

.DLACKPOO L.—Mrs JACK SON, 10, Brunswick-street South Beach; near sea, Central Statioa, and amuse merits: APARTMENTS ; bed and waiting ifor two, 25 daily piano. • BLLOICPOOL. Apartments ; home comforts, set!: or without board. Close to Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement. Plano.—Mrs H&LL and DAVE, 54, Bornby•TOad.. ABERTSTWITH HOTEL WESTMINSTER, high class family and commercial private hotel ; central; E and C bath ; electric light , cycle stalls ; dark room ; every home COmtort ; moderate tariff.-111 KENRICK.

WANTED, Situation as HOUSEKEEPER to gentleman, good cook, economical, abstainer, thoroughly com- petent. Highest references.-2.55, b3IITEIDOWN-RJAD. Sefton Park, Liverpool. IVANTED, good strong GEN hRAL ;SERVANT ; must be able to wash; good references ; age about 25 or upwards; good home. •-Apply at 13, NEW BRIDGE-bTREET, Cheetham. Manchester.

WANTEID,ft YOtN4 MAN for the Pork Trade.—Apply to WILLIAMS, 57, Bridge-street. WANTED, HGUSEMAID-WAITRESS : excellent sittii- Von near Warrington ; wages £l6 to £lB.—Mlss Ilunaok, Registry, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED immediately COOK-GENERAL, small family another maid kept ; good wages to strong,experlenced girl.—Mrs JONI.B, 10, Cheltenham-avenue, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BRAATII, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOSS 01 /APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, liEART- BURN, LOWNESS OF DPIRITS, GIDDINESS, &C. AS A ORNEEAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in tilde curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the titomacti and liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DE. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon baying the rightthing,which iswripped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or ?4 stamps.

GREAT CASH SALE. PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES IN DEANSGATE 10 TO 25 PER CENT I)ISCCLINTS. GRATES, RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCKS. IRONMONGERY, HORTICULTURAL IMPLEMENT, PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS WORK, Ac., Ac. LEECH BROS, Sr, CO., 20 AND 22, OLD MILLGIATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

ARNOLD AND LEVVIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF.THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPBIIS. SILVER KbYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. RE be, (Guaranteed). A Very Large belection of CLOCKS, SILVER and ELELTRO PLATE. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

EXAMINER SERIES THE .Rue.corn Examine-, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and a rapidly becoming n Important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Jill-Cheshire Examiner. Dub - liebed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helena Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 27ra 1901.

I EOPLE WILL TALK NOW SATISFIED THEY ARE AND THE EXTREMELY GOOD VALUR THEY ALWAYS GET IN BOOTS AND SHOES BOUGHT FROM ALF TAYLOR THE CASH BOOTMAN, 45, HORSEM ARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 P E Ro3OTTILEI PINEc,RuDIRAL QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH. WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations).

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY , • PAYMENTS ' Enormous Stock. New and second-hand. From 10a. MONTHLY Carriage r" paid. Illustrated PRICE t LISTS POST PRIM to - any address. THE BRITISII CYCLE MANUFACTURINC Co, (1901) Ltd., 45, Ev,rto. Rd, Ltrerpool. Branch 2..; MAZlelaeStßfr St. Liverpuol. (Established E 87.)

"Made in England" means sterling goodness the world over. England may be beaten in price; never in quality. Experience, skill, best material, all enter into the r-aking of Colman's Starch. There are starches a little cheaper in price, much cheaper in quality. Colman's Starch is a pure starch—a starch that does the work of starch in the best manner. kuse COLM STARCH Sold in Cardboard Boxes. See that Colman's Name and the Bull's Head are on ' the Box. EGD.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON --- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore Newchurch 11312.—BewseY, Grappenhall. Meatier Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a,m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, aid the Isle Ma a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Walet. and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England. Wigan, cotland, Liveroool, Presoot, Southport, Birk enheact, Grmakirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liveronol, *Southold, Ormskirk. B tth, Borist Exeter Gloucester. Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Froctshana, Froisharn Bridge, Helsbv. Widnes Penketh, Mo)re, Runcorn, and Newohurch. Newton-le Willows, Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey EARLESIOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st„ Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Ho irs of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1 Sundays 7to 10 am. But closes at 5.4 p.m. The Telerdaph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 81, "n • and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank‘Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at? a.m., 12-30, LIST OF DESPATCHES wing thetirne to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp' Ordinary MAILS. I Extra Postage. d.Stamp _ _

ELECTRIC LIGHTING AT WARRINGTON. Proposed . Extensions. Local Government Board Inquiry Yesterday. An inquiry was conducted at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Friday morning by Mr M K North, A.M.I.C.E , Local Government Board Inspector, with regard to the application of the Corporation for powers to borrow £15,000 for electric lighting purposes. There were present :—Alderman Shaw Green (chairman of the Finance and Estate Com- mittee), Messrs J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), S Wilson (deputy town clerk), J Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W H rimsdale (electrical engineer), Major Cardew (consulting engineer), C Madeley (librarian),T Longdinr(borough surveyor), W Boyle (borough treasurer's department), and E Ewan 1 (contractor for the tramways). There was no opposition to the application. The TOWN CLERK, in answer to a question by the Inspector, said the population of the borough at the last census was 64,242. The BOROUGH TREASURER then explained to the In- spector that the assessable value of the Borough was £212,853 and the balance ontatandha,g on loans under tee Sanitary Acts was £208,434. the INSPECTOR What period do you ask for the loan ? The BOROUGH TREASURER: As long a term as the Board will allow. The INSPECTOR : What period was allowed for the electric lighting station ? The Boreouoa TREASURER : Twenty five years. The Towle CLERK pointed out, in explaining the case for the Corporation,that the application was made under the Warrington Electric Lighting Order of 1898. The Local Government Board had already sanctioned the borrowing of £44,966 which had been spent in the erection of a generating station and plant and the supply and laying of malts for the whole of the com- pulsory area of supply. Major CARDEW Also the public lighting of streets. The TOWN CLERK said the application for the addi Monet loan was to enable the Corporation to meet the growing requiremeM.s of the town. Mr WILLIAM HENRY GRIMSDALE, engineer in the elec- tricity department of the Corporation, then explained in detail the extensions it was proposed to carry out at the station and the new maine proposed to be added to those already existing. The following figuees show the increased demand for eleetric light since the sys- tem was inaugurated in December last. At the end of January the demand was equal to 516 'eight-candle power lamps ; February 1.223 : March, 7.186 ; April, 7,416 ; May, 8441 ; June, 8,533: August, 10,652 and September, 10,910. It was sate to assume that the present rate of increase would con- t melee' The Buziopore TREASURER .s:atel that the amount spent up to date was £40,653. There were certain liabilities besides. The INSPECTOR What about the financial aspect of this undertaking ; is it going to pay well ? The BOROUGH TREA,URER : I think so. The INSPECTOR : As Tar as you can judge from your short experience of it ? The BOROUGH TREASURER C think in about two years from now it will pay. Mr Alderman SHAW GREEN: I can assure you we are looking with great interest at the financial aspect of it. The INSPECTOR : What is the charge to customers ? Mr GRIMSDALE : We charge 6i for the first one hour and a half and 3cl per hour afterwards. Mr Alderman Snaw GREEN (TO the engineer): Suppose the present rate of increase nontieues, tor how long will the proposed extensions suffice ? Mr GRIMSDALE: We are hoping 7that the plant will last us this winter and the next. The INSPECTOR: 11) you expect, the increased de- mend to centinue. Mr GRIMSDALE: The increase shows an average of 1,000 !Wan per month. Tnere is every reason to les- lieve tett the increased demand will continue,especially with the extension of the mains. We have also to pre- pare for the trarnways. Major CARDEW said there was no doubt that the true 'way to make the undertaking a financial success was to look forward. If they once let their plant get inade- quate and overtaxed it took a long time to get equal to Itoe demand. Many times he nal known of authorities 'getting into great difficulties through not looking suffie ciently ahead. It was the right policy to have th proper reserve plant to meet all demande. Mr Alnerman SHAW GREEN : I think that policy is one we have adopted. Major CARDEW : Just eo. Continuing, he said he fully endorsed the nolluY of getting this additional plant at Warri, gton. He thought they were getting it at the right time and it would enable them to supply customers for some time to come. If they ran their plant without reserve it wee a terrible time fir the engineer and if there was a break down there was great dissatisfaction They could not expect this new enterpriza to get to a stage of finality at once or even to get to the stage of paving a large profit immediately. Alderman GREEN : When you have ratepayers to face you want to make the best arrangements you can. The inquire was then closed The INSPECTOR afterwards proceeded to the electric ghting station.

Ash.ton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of En- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland snd Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerftelci, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Nlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING ROUSE, RUI3-OFFICES AND W.LL Box ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: • RECEIVING ROUSE— I WEEK-DAT.g. Earlestown I 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

THE WATERWORKS EXTENSIONS. Visit of the Corporation. On Friday afternoon the members of the Town Council were afforded an opportunity of inspecting the Corporation Waterworks and the impor- tant extensions now in progress. It will be remembered that at the last meeting of the Council, Councillor William Roberts spoke of th 3 advisability of members of the Council being made acquainted with the various undertakings of the Corporation n6w in pro- gress. He then suggested that the young mem- bers of the Council should be invited to inspect the waterworks and other municipal works. The Water Committee has been the first to take the hint and yesterday afternoon the whole of the members of the Council were invited to visit the works at Appleton and Winwick. Among those who availed themselves of the invitation were the Mayor (Alderman Roberts), Aldermen Sutton and Bolton. Councillors John Evans (deputy chairman of the committee). W Roberts, Hulse,Davies,John Roberts,Emethurst,James Evans, Rogers, Tinnion,Brough, Malkin, Duncan, Bennett, Sampson, A Jolley, Ellison, and Baird. Several of the officials of the Corporation also attended. The party left Bank Howe in brakes at 2 o'clock and proceeded to the new works at High Warren, Appleton, where they inspected the new high level circular service reservoir now in course of construction which will have a Capacity of 1± million gallons. The object of this reservoir is to improve the supply to Stockton Heath and the surrounding district,where it has been found impossible hitherto to get sufficient pressure. Afterwards a visit was paid to the old works at Appleton where further extensions are shortly to be pro- ceeded with. These consist of the provision of two new filters and a service reservoir and the recon- struction of the e,.isting filters. Workmen's cottages will also be built here. Re-entering the conveyances the party pro- ceeded across the town to the new wells and pump- ing station in Delph-lane, Middleton. These exten- sions are being constructed from the designs and under the superintendence of Mr Dess at an estir mated cost of £247,000. The service reservoi accommodation is al&o being incieased by a new reservoir whose size is 215 feet by 190 feet and depth 20 feet. Its capacity is I} million gallons. The old and new works at Winwick were inspected with evident interes% The extension schemes were fully explainel by Councillor Evans and Mr Dees. the water engineer, and the visitors seemed satisfied that the future requirements of the borough will be adequately fulfilled, and that am- ple provision is being made to cope with the rapid growth of the town.

. The Greatest of all Tonics. ~ s. ..d-_,_Jat,...... ~,I. ~,..44,-•-• 41.. tit4':;llV3,:.W 1; ° Is the most powerful Nerve and recuperative Tonic known. It removes Mental Depression, want of Tone and Nerve Power. It has remarkable, Health-giving, Strength-giving, Energising, and Rejuvenating properties. It is an unfailing remedy for Neuealgia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Anmmia, Brain-fag, Depression, Impoverished Blood, Rheu- matism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza,. Nervous Head- aches, Debility, and all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. No other Medicine has received such absolute proof of its extraordinary properties in restoring Shattered Constitutions, and in giving back to the prematurely aged New Life and Energy. ROYAL COMMANDS. Phosferine enjoys the distinguished honour of having been supplied by commands to MEMBERS OF THE BRITISH ROYAL FAMILY. H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. H.I.H. the Gland Duchess Olga of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. the Queen of Roumania. H. I.H. the Grand Duchess Serge or Russia. H.I.M. the Dowager Eknpress of Russia. H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of Iles, H.S.H. the H ereditary Princess of Lei ni ngen H. I. H. the'Grand Duchess Xenia of itussia. And the principal Royalty and Aristocracy throughout the World. Proprietors, ASHTON and PARSONS, Ltd., 17, Farringdon Road, London, E.C., Bottles, riii, 2/9. and 4/6. Post free, 5/3, 3/-,and 4/9. Sold by all Chemists,Stores,&e. The 2/9 size contains nearly four times the 1/11 size.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST5 T ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be NA improved upon and reduced to a more strapie for. Take some good Compound such a: COCKL.'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their pumoses so weii, may be set down as the best.—Observer. , CO Cc:' ' a L EIS FREE ROl%ll MERCURY ANT/BiLi eit u :._ , 0 OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILL,. I Fr BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Is a wonderful waterproofer ot BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows pc'!sh. log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HICIIIPST AWARDS. Dubbin Tins 6d., r/. 6..2'6 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmonevore S.c. Manufaetory Dulunch, London.

THR-NEWPFRENCH REMEDY. THEPA Pirykr This successful and highly 1 • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical erhaus- , tin., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1.2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-NC,IIIE, LONDON, W.O

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that dischatge or otherwisa, pariLao surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you Press yeur ringer on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on sutTering tiN death releases you. Perhaps your knees are su ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dia. coloured, Cf there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but no not, for t: tan cure you. I don't say Perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no season I should. Send U. once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73.; Parringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee,; Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. and! Bunions. ißegisteredCopyright.i

000••••0•-•• • • 0 0 A thoroughly reliable beverage 0 • used in the household, field, or . ° camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 0 0 Coffee Essence. In small and large • g bottles from all Grocers. 5 (iio

TsTERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS OF - AL. POWER AND ENERGY.—A gentleman, havln been a great sufferer, will be pleased to forward a 19hysician's Prescription, which cured him. This Prescription was the rFsult of twenty years' rese..rch, and sufferers will find it to remove any Nervous Disorder, of however long standing. It is certain in its action end is convenient to use Send stamp addressed envelope to GEORGE WRIGHT, Esq., Colne HOUSE, Lee. London, SE., and name this paper.

.ILEUTATEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &c. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. • RERRYINEATHER & SONS, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. - ,- - ~ --- . • Boys aial Girls can get a NICKEL- 0, :.. PLATKD WATCH, also a CHAIN and , \ ('HARM, for selling 13 dozen packages of • BLUCNE at Fivepenee each. Send your full address including name of County, ln return mail, and we will forward the filuMe Post paid, and a 'arm premium list. No money nNuired. BLUINE Co. (Department Pl,, t 2al, Gipsy Road. West Norwood, London. S.M.

rit,4ll2~l4treelOirteiVikAVVWT The well known vitalizing rents $ of a ct:p of strong Coffee can be $ 33cur0d directly by using Symington's 7, Edinburgh Coffee Essence. b titivbikAtAtAterevisAstobwivwfbA'

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused byServousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, arad evarznteei gsnui •• I cannot find words to express am. I used to think I never would get cure t I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoLid have saved many pounds.—G.F.Nl." I nava carried out your Instructions, and am now pe, fectly Book sent staled, post free, for two stxmps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, ureat Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeed

From this first dose ot Oafs!.lna fits cease. It has cured PrIitNIANENTLY the very worst cases of Epilepsi when °Very other remedy had.failed. Price 4s ed. and 1 s.. Post Free. Thousands of Testimonials. Sen 4 fora Free Sample Bottle.and test U. Write to—(Department I. W. NiCiFiegr...oCd, Pharmaceutical Chemist. 25. High Street, Belfast.

3PIa4OIViC3O/r A Healthy and Natural Development of the figure by wearing the Jo B. . PATENT IDE-SPRING 1á CORSET. 73e4utiluI in Construction. Unricalied SlyZe. Constructed In accordance with physiological principles. giro no undue pressure, but yield to the movements or the body, and the side supports are unbrea kabl e. Marlene.' in different shapes to suit various types or figures. they yield a moat graceful and rounded ILpi.arance. Prices, 3/11, 5/6, 6/11 and 10/6. °Stainable from the principal Drapers and Ladtes' Outfitters. but ir any difficulty in procuring. vrite se name of Ilearest agent. Insist on havingthe T. B. Sidr-S, rinmCorsei —The Rest IMPORTANT :—The cis every J. fl.Cr.cstta absolutely guaranteed by the* SOLE MANUFACTURES ar. . . . GREAT ANGOATs ST., MANCHESTER;

KEATING'S POWDER

IULLS- REA, BUGS MOTI-15 BEETLES

TINS, 3d., 6di, and is. THE NEW BELLOWS, 9d.

Tnwi rpwriooycAL nit Ls & STEEL I • FOR F EMA.LE S.- QUICSLY oonancr ALL' TBREGITIARITIES, =NMI ALL onsznuorroxi, and relieve the dtstresting symptoms tO prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/1 Fe 2i9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of Li oral stamps, by E. T. 2'o WLE Co, iledinfacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Pernare of Imstattarts. injurtosuen,iwort'st•te

rib+04,42•0.94,40.0.•••••••0en • Breakfast is often spoiled by • sthe poorness of the Coffee. It ± • can be made any sirength by using II; O SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee • Essence. 77 • :•••0•00049•04.9049.210004.0.41*

9 - '. . .. -.. , „ . I 401 NT ":ENTo CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

FOOTBALt, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING 9 t and all b --PORTING REQUISITES may be obtained of I' . c., ' .v.,241.- - 4a4rAIS-3314Ectialta "‘. - M IUB f O The Cheapest, Best, and Most Liberal House in the Trade. IT 0 O ------=--- ----- 8 THE' "REFEREE" SHIN CURDS. THE " H0t..2,0r.ra " la 1 1016 • lAll guards stripped across.) ',ltg, 10/6 . ~Tir„, 0-,t)l, a • (.21 1 1. ,-6. , qt,,-, n, ,s,„ . „ 7%..-01-rr,, 6/3 0 , 1 u 0 0 O ;,..!.,... .„:,, ~Ik,, ~-,,, ..,,. . 0 1 ‘,.}.., . T. 4 .19, Also '7 Also ~', :t.t -. a. iL1..".., lc lik \ ill! Also :'IIA 1 .r) An I Also 0 , 1 ,1,, 0 -.....,,,,,,,,,1i.,04:r....,' Rugby 11., ' .i. -- • ~, Rugby ,„, . , , , Rugby ' ' .- ' ,' Rugby 1 c - ' V lif-ATCH "at..,`• 0 a, 0 No. • 0 0 1 1. Strong linen canvas. cane. A strmig serviceable bail, t.tout cow-hide 0 0 1 POPflCtit in alaape. Weltod seams. protected. with continuous hand-sewn cases, compleie Vith best robliei 0 01 Waterproof. straps and buckles ...90. bladder. 0 §I Every section stretched and 2. Leather• . V... ... 11.- No- 41912 e .. 3. Leather, line chamois ... 143 4. Tait Cape. lined chamois 2)3 . ~ 0 Shin and Ankle Gur ads, from 2/- .... .... . . 1i llig ii N. 0.v5 s(iinzatch.s.izi2 13 hammered. 0 . Postage 4d. in each case. Cs Prie;?, 111 6 post free. I'. stage tal. For other gm lit see see list- -0 8 SPE:IAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. •COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) qt, HOCKEY STICKS. 0 0 The .91 1: t, ai Iztiou Ash, plain ..... ' - '-' '2' - : ' . -I: ''' ' 'll L ss .-,,,, 'etill4l"l'and's.. tgs'Su'llo'lTlltes• 2173 r 01.1 "GAMEICK" § -----: ;II E'isy, Pliable. 8 ~,l'' Ensures a il,ll‘ ftrin grip and i r ' gr rea tr I.,wer ,-'7, ' , . ' st. Beau Mimi Ash.. p i Whets kicking. .-- •‘,‘ . - , .- 00, 0 0 Firo,7l %, • . Russet Bilif. Strong steam tarred, wood pegs ... 331- o 8 ..m..„,., 8,11 Ditto. Stub iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 331- 1 0 O 'I ~..A, Youths% 7111 Very stout Hemp aord, siestas tarred, with Best quality Best Asb,all s. 540 WM/CI pegs ... ... ... ..., ... ... 431" Mile handle, to order, Ditto, with iron iiegS and steel rope ... - 415/- ignilid and 1„,,,, 12/03 0 0 Special cheap Him, with ash pegs and strong Scotch hemp head hnes ~. Chrome. market,all weights. :`,"'"-:,-_ ." -I4 8 guaranteed FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. Price, 4/6 -.711.• I waterproof, 0 ------- ..,... :1,,..„ 9,6, Leather Ear Guards., 1/10. Cope,. 218. Pos!ase NI. Inha.;., .7,inci I ::,,,i:;1.4.r1f:iit1e,,...1.,..;:i1„...5811611 00 O lAA 12/6, v....1.,it (mats, fr,ini 12- per net . (:111,01fift . ',lna. I 0 The UNIVE tSAI.,” Boundary Sticks, with hogs, 12/- per doz. Carriage The Gainaga" Champion" 731 , ti rood 1F:"I Ii s 4gR " i 8 extra. each. dii, 4 Football F/ags (a 101 l nt. eolottr), 4,13 St We doz. and Post. ad Bent As h ... . ... 41. ... 39 oi‘ - r.,.i.; ‘r'.'l, Bss Intim .t .rm,ftaiin i. Postai,. ad. 6.4 • 0 I sta -, gl. extra. ng with doub le strapa and ' ~.. „ leitra-stnVitl - ••• 71" Pago, below 10i buckles, 10Id. Poatage on Single sI ick- M. 8 01 FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. , FOOTBALL KNICKERS. 0 .44/311k11461°C2'(Wide. leW"Sh.3iWteanadoWri 114 FOOTBALL . All colOur3 and combination of 11111. 0 colours. Men's, JERSEYD. c' "'lliftwirio'.. 0 lib_ _.... ism 0 Boss' 3 ,cf! 12," 1* -.‘,.....•(... \''‘•7 N\ \'' Strong 13neks1.-in. - ' -•"111111111111."' 0011. 0 white, 1)10 ' 41.9.0. ..... 0 Special designs .I'NX ~„, ...,, White Lambskin, Piain .. I Planhelerte- . ,Ok‘NN , Navy Blue str„ng ...- .• ' '- ' 'i." rg See. 14 li, 9 2112, ill Halresrevers'd . • 2 1., 2)9 ,' N:‘ tdN, All Wool, extra strlPes. •- ' ' ',..."-_--. ,74 2it 4 in. sires. Itp 'Z'N \ .Ipnlit,s, Sanitary chest st .26 f 2. :„. _ • .i .r. 2,- 2 2 214 2.k, •- , :AZ, 3 - ,s 1 Bent All Wiwi, plain minim or Lair's , \ ~,,,, White Flatinel2lll 2,3 2)6 WV 3 - '.• ,ii' 3 1 ;17 reversed, 5;2. 7" iIS .::`,N,. ' Extra strong, ISM Strait Tlire Id 11 otrby .I.- .-.i I • Postage on single stair .1. - Poatage ail. pair. 2 pairs sd. "In"' .-7,1"re.,3 4; IV •''' • N ',• a .1: I+a e",

LATEST NEWS. The America Cup Race. Yesterday's Race Abandoned. The first day's race for the America Cup yesterday was abandoned owing to the yachts having exceeded the time limit.
