===== 0002601_19010524_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BERFSFORDS CHURCH STHE T, LIVERPOOL.

BIBLE ADDR • SSF,'4 ARK DELIVERED EVERY DNDAY AT 630 P 31.. Ix TOP '4 ABLY 1100v1S. CORNER cd, BRIDGP-STRONT AND FRIARS'-GILT% WAItiIiNGTON. SUBJPOT rut TO- 401(1(0 A' (SUNDAY): The powers that be 'nl " the powers of the world to come."

B 01, D. Tit 141 re, w •O:YAN CHURCH wARRisoToN TO-mourto OUNDAY) MAY 28th. At 10 n pvi 9 HHODOHB BISHOP. At 30 Rv H G. HOHRR TS, M.A. All w,lromo II mn Hook. provided

MEW. EY ‘,l:-514.1‘ I, I SEAM te,N,—The ANNUAL. T'lPto titioi [PUGH roN awl LIVIIIIPOOL. will tre Also.on WIIIT Tll Li SD AY, MAY 28th, 1991, when the Bri itearner. ••:•01:).901-LOP," will le,tv, the bottom IC kg, tinneka,l ttt 845 a nu. The return j mrney "I he rna,te from kr.vt Bri,hron At", 8.30 p.m • awl the Prince. G landing -ttgo, Liverpool an 7.15 wm. Tiolceta la 3d, :'ll4ren 9d tither nartloWars oau be obtlined from Mr W haw at th Mi.a on it Anlin.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19010524_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
,Ligh [frrs [BO Hia•

c the .on.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
7707 a Expr fIARP orr•

liset tOI re. irsrd

tue° ea felt

Li -wITITP: STArt NB ROY/I. MAIL STBAM HRS. i.llr'Fia2.:`ooL to NliW TORE via tIPT'EIT 0 Queenstown. 71,74i4113- ...... Mri,,l , May 29 i TRIVInNIiI ...Wed.. Jona TZ ql44tri Mu:* "'• 'vett.. Juer 5 I OBRAIANIO...Wed . Jane 19 pi tut; to 2,..,:„ York.aaae ate iom roll:vitt:4 or tliltoznorto) ttblt TiVol&r. boar. 1146 00. Liverp:3,4 17 OrNakBP2ar " 4 24..1a4M.14411,5tram. Li".. r 44,6311

ONE PENNY

L

1. _____ AND j • Cara stseatit g A Y th. PAW.NBROKERs. 3RwELL) to Dt) 131.414 at 2.1 pm. I to BARROW-

===== 0002601_19010524_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1154.

WIDOW MILOS'S PILLS NOR PISMALIS COmPLAINT- N,I FS. StillTliEß‘° Grand-claughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rem the only Aginal and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained by it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following thtIITION,—To be careful that wriat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who Is the Only person In possess on of the ORIGINAL nECIPI4 The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Ou'ride I bel by Mrs Stnithars, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agonts, .• W. DDIVARDS & SON 7 Queen Victoria-street," formerly Of 67, St. Paul a. London, are engraved on the Uovernment St•adip, sold I Zezte at 26.6 d. cash by most flivuniste.

ORNMEIII

R. CLAMP AND SON.

MANUFACTURERS OF rV 1 RAVELLING REQUISITES,

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Mae) Prom 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS Yr= 245. WA.LEIRPROOF HOLD-ALL From N. 61,

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET.

12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS OF VITAL POWER AND ENEIRGY.—A gentlCM2.l3 having been a great sufferer, wi Ibe pleased to forward a i-hysician's Prescription which cured him. This Prescription w.ss the result of twenty years, rase.reh and sufferers will find it to remove any Nervous D'sorder. of hawsver long stari.iing. It is certain in its nelson rnd is convenient to use bend stamp addressed envelops to GKORGE WRIGIBT, Hoek Dane House, Leo. , Loadha, tad name We paper,

===== 0002601_19010524_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1901.

DON' FAIL TO SEE OUR WI,NROWDISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRIOCD IN PLAIN FIGURES.

UNRIVALLRG VA.RIRTY. LOWEST POzRIBLR PRI_ES. FOE CASH. J. S. l„A ARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDtIti STRBET, WARMAGTON.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
KENDAL, MILNE AND to, IdANCHRSTI42. Telegrams, " Teleptacne. 1746.

D EPARI CABINETS. CARPETS. FURNISHING. DECORATIONS. HOUSEHOLD LINEN. 81LICS. LAO. 4 a EMBROIDERY. DRESSES. MESONS. FLOWERS. MANTLES. SUNSHADES AND COSTUMES. UMBRELLAS. MILLINERY. LADIES' BLOUSE 4 LADIES' OUTFITTING. AND SKINT 3 CHILDREN'S Ditto. CAMBRIC HANDKE (- JUVENILE CLOTHING. CHILTS FURS TRIMMING AND HOSIERY. HABERDA3HERY. GLOVES, FOREIGN AND FANCY LADIES' BOOTS. samßoo FURNITURE. GENTS* OUTFITTING. TRUNKS.

Carriage Paid on purchases of ns upwards to neares railway station in the United Kingdom.

KHNDAL, MILNE AND CO, MANCHEiTER TZLIMAALS TBLEPHONB, 1740,

===== 0002601_19010524_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Bi Basil zs 734 d per Quarter, 6. 6d per annum zs gd. per Quarter crud

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDE KEATINGS POWD J. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moth., beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moth, Beetles. xllii Fie, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NSW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d , 6d., It. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 31, W„ NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 61, 1/- mils Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins, 3d„ 64., and Is., also in the new fllled Bellows, 94. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS'

===== 0002601_19010524_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATg DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appolatmvnts unnecessary but may be arranged_ TEETHMI oonsultatlons free. TEETH. Hach patient !Worn- d beforehand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An !A.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Fatale's Extraction as hitherto by the aid of littrcue thrlde. TEETH. bfaker to DAuctets of 10.00001ton' weekly. Bxors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(DmrnaT ay 8xe.5c.1! 18105LEY-STRE3 (Telephone 1680).

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...—.—.--...GEORGE-STREET• MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON -...3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, ---...31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWIGH-18, APYLEMARKET-STREET • FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILThN ENCLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. oappe4,jewbiled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-WARRED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit . flit in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS ml. watch is time to a minute, and Nvill STAND ANY AMOUNT OF NO GH WEAR A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION A Rona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watchcan be had in ALL SIZ i4S with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., ws tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free SC .11 parte of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

TOBACCO, CIGAR._ CIuARRTTES, SNUFFS

XORS. OF WM. HA EGlifEi, 44, SWAN-STRBET. MANORBSTIaII Eatablisbed 6, Years

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celehrztel efreetuat 0: COUGH de ~,...201.20ut mternal HOOFING

nowt-urea. ITOOPINO COUGH 4i. per bottle. Sol is Of ail Chemists prices HOOPING COUGH holesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 1579 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London. ROCHE'S HFCRBAL EMBROCATION.

IF DOUBTFUL

WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE.

TRY IF HARROPS LTD.,

12, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON

CAN SUIT YOU.

CASH OR EASY PAYIIRNTS. DRAWING-ROOM.

DtNING.OOM IND

BEDROOM SUITES; ,BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING,

KITCHEN FURNITURE. EXSSINEITBS AND MAIL CARTS. (A lrZw iTTOP-SOILED ONF4 AT COST)

HARROPS LIMITPD, ARE THE LARGEST HOUSE FURNISTIFRS, In the country and manufacture nearly every arl4Cle. they cell. They supply gaud!' on the easy parapit system cheaper than most houses do for cash. MAKE A NOTE OP THE ADDRESS AND CALL HARROPS LTD., 122. BEIDGE-STRRET WARRINGTON, INSPECT OUR STOOK NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY PRICES GOODS OFFERED AT SELL THEM.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c. &c., GO TO WILLIAM Tc DD, 18, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD:sTREET), LIVERPOOI

TrixPawrz, 782.3.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKES. EDWARD BINNION, 4, AUDLEY STREET, LONDON BOAD, LIVERPOOL.

ROBERT LOWE,

ESTATE AGENT. A.I.TCTIOgEIta.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AV° VAILTEii

°Moe and Sn'erooros : No 1, SANK STREET. W ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advance I on Goo ia Deposited for Sale. New and Senond-Irtod Vomitore and other Goods act. otantly on Sale by Privnte Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture. &a.. warehoused.

FISHING RODS, Firfeitei FOR SALE. C)nri 1 FROM A/ EACH. SOLID BRASS REPLS I.ROVI h HAN!. ALSO SEVERAL PIiOrOGRAPHIC LEES, AT

Pledges-

HUGHES BEDTHE RS, PAWNEROKSH,J. DIAMOND MURCKANTS, CV)THIRR9, AND r FLOTOUS 116 to 12C, DROWNLOW-H I LL. LIVERPOOL. Telephene 6171.

BEST ROUSE FOR lira Wif AND JEWLIMY REPAIRS Tools and Cutlery Repaired. Greund. or Sharpenel On the" Shortest Notice by Thoroukb Practical Workmen.

I'+VESTMENTS, °YDS, STOCKS, AND SHARFS. JAlg7' P. BATiI & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROXICRS, 9. RANE3AOII—TitSET, LIVERPOOL. /MehlJihad 1876. Telephone WM

-

===== 0002601_19010524_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
2 310 DOUG AT.L'S PATBET SELF-RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGESTION

===== 0002601_19010524_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

Mv DEAR NELLIE, Girls are wearing frocks with skirts fitting closely round the hips and widening out at the hem, resembling the shape adopted by grown-up ,people, more or less exactly according to the age of the young wearer. The bodice is invariably lull fronted, and has some kind of vest, yoke, or chemisette. A very pretty model made of Wedg- wood-blue voile has its skirt edged with three stitched bands of glace silk in a rather deeper .shade of hlne, and a pouched bodice fastening over to the left side with four large silver buttons. The big cape-collar is of tucked white silk edged with deep cream lace, and the heart-shaped vest is of alternating bands of tucked silk and erram insertion. This particular frock has ordinary tight -sleeves, finished with cuffs strapped with glacA, but awn-sleeves with under-ones matching the yoke -would be, of course, smarter. Another nice aress for a girl between eight and 12 is of pastel-blue linen. The skirt is trimmed down the seams with bands of ecru guipure lace and the front of the lull bodice Corresponds; the round collar is stitched aearly all over, and is edged with the lace, the small vest being of drawn ivory-white mousseline. The waist is encircled by a dark blue satin-ribboa sash with long ends. This little frock could be satisfactorily copied in almost any shade of art ,en.

I daresay you will have noticed what a common sight it is in the streets to see women tripping along in blissful unconsciousness of their skirt and body having parted company in the back. This should be given especial attention. The very best way is to gather the fulness in the back of the body and stitch over it a strong tape or piece of belting which way be tied or drawn through a small buckle in front. If drawn snugly the fulness in front may be kept in p ace also. Have the band on the skirt quite tight, so that it will beep the skirt up nicely. Draw the back of the body down under the skirt band in the back and fasten body and skirt together with two strong black safety pins, or have hooks on the skirt and eyes on the body. Flat buttons on the waist belt and buttonholes in the skirt band will also serve the purpose ricely. Pull the skirt well down in front and pin the band to the corset. This. will keep the skirt from creeping up. When these directions are followed there is no necessity for patent fasteners, parted skirt bands or hunched up skirt waists. A leather belt or one of strong material is best with such a costume. It there are no collars and cuffs, ribbons may take their place. Many women do not like stiff collars and cuffs, and when a body is made for them it appears very evenly to go about without something in she* place. A becoming ribbon around the co, k, tired Wee a bow at the back looks we,i;.

several of the new hats have perfectly flat imams, not raised in the least above the level of Ise brim. The shapes are large, and every degre• if curve is represented. A pretty hat is in white tulle, with a wreath of small pink roses, alternating with black ones all round the brim. Small flowers save succeeded the immense ones of last spring. rimy sprigs of heather, lilac blossom, or forgot-me- aot are in great favour. The Duchess of Devon- shire hat is chiefly seen in a modified form, but later on in the season there is some probability of ita being seen on some of our smart young beauties En the full dimensions of the original. Transparent sate are in again, and a large "cartwheel" Gains- borough, inblack lace and shaded poppies for trim- ming, with the inevitable oBtrich plumes, would race a charming h,

Elastic hello i. wtite and pale tints, some three or four inches deep, arc being embroidered with Rowers or Oriental work instead of the steel and jet rivets with whieli they have been studded. A flower belt is charming with a white gown. Embroidered flounces are replacing lace for full- drew petticoats, many of them being made to button on to silk foundations so that they can easily be taken on and off when dirty; thus a silk petticoat may last fresh for a considerable time with the addition of this removable flounce, whereas with the lace edgings and frills it is no longer a thing of beauty after once or twice wear- ing. For morning and country wear simple jupons in spotted batiste or mercerised cotton are being 11106 t sold; the spot is often raised in black or White flax thread, and the edge of the flounce is scalloped out and whipped over to match. Your loving Jwimru.

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

f-41___•_-_,,.. ~k-. (7. •••k\,\Asi':4lll,,, , i ,a .- -- •',:... \ '',, ' ,i 'rt,,, 4 --:i1if.d..i....\,••• ;ore \ . , % . '

:LT , I , ,o':Tc!i ...,>. .- . ii. .. .., t' 011 11l , oomos ~ ~ \ .ipto, ; ' 1 ,s. i Nt tt ' i '''' \•l‘\\ \\''

• ~e, ig head. -/-,._-_-,----,-- *r 9 ~"':,00'"----#4,1_' --‘ -.• )n ~...,,,,....„,..„. // „t, • ~-,,Wri,:./ ~ A, ',/,::.' Pi ,?/, i", , . n ,;,.. ;-',4' _ ,•.:, ........- • .... t ~/..,.: -',.,.,7 ..., , • iffir

===== 0002601_19010524_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
EP PS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. G A • N

J REA K FAST--,SUPPER.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, ,

WOMEN'S CHAT.

It mast have been p'easant to the Duchess of Cornwall ' and York to receive news in Au•tralia of the inaugura- tion or a handsome drie4king, fountain which has been erected at Richmond, Surrey, to the memory of her mother, the Duchess of Teck —The people of Richmond and Kew, knew perhaps better than any ott ere, the worth of the late Duchess, and it is safer to believe tha the Mayor expressed their feelings when he said that the fcue,tain was intend, d to perpetuate the memory of the noblest Princess that ever lived. _

The King who is 'pending Whitsuntide at Windsor will greatly miss thc se quir t trips to the continent which he used so frrquently to enj ,y, when Prince of Wali s. I Few,among the many change following upon the death 'of our late Sovereign, are rrore irksome to the King than the knowledge that h- can no longer go about either at home, or in the foreign capitals and waterine places, comparatively unobserved. Even when the period of Royal mourning is at an cod, His Majesty will not be able to dine out among his chosen friends, or to go to the Opera, or theatre, or the races, with tb. same freedom as he need to. It is therefore scarcily surprising that the King feels that a great change haa come over his life, in which His Majesty inobably tbelgreatest relief in the &ate dutes which now occupy so much of ti,a time.

As the King's birthday clashes with Lord Mayor's Day, there is some doubt whether His Majesty will attend the Guildhall bat (suet N•sarly all cur Sovereigns have made it a point to dine with the Is' rd Mayor— Queen Victoria made no exception to this rule, and attended the Guildhall banqu t soon after tier accession to the Throne. Charles 11. used frquentty to go to the Civic Feast, and of course, in those days it was no un- usual thing for the Lord Mayer and Company to get somewhat elated with constantly toastiag he Royal Family, and other turniours. The country round Windsor, and indeed everywhere, 113 now at ita best. With the c,hestnuts in full bloom, and the fresh foliage of the trees, who could with for anything better than a ara'k or drive along the green lanes, or by the coontry side, to enjo7 the unsoiled beauties of Nature. Of all things !bat influence our lives for the beat, there is nothing s inspiring of hope as a country walk on a fine sunny day, during the leafy months of May and June, This also is the lime of yea-, when garden lovers enter upon the enjoyment of thf ir long labours of preparation. Oily those with the en- thusiasm to become their own gardeners, fully realise the satisfaction with which they watch the peepine shoots, and the opening buds, and heir gradual expAs- lion into colour and totcean in all their summer glory. The difficulty of raising the fashionable skirt out of the dust without revealing an undue amount of petti- coat has caased underbkirta to bec me as elaborate as are costumes. They are hired, tuned, mixed with lace and insertion, and in (very way show the ex Dendi- tura upon them, of many hours of labour. A French woman always has a fresh and dressy underlert, some- times white, more often of some darine tint. In this , the Britishwoman still occasionally reveals herself ; she : has the daring, tut not always, alas, the tint, Now and again harsh scarlet may be seen haneirg below Royal purple, orange frills perchance appear, under a dull pink skirt ; or green-blue flounces beneath a gown of rich dark blue. This clash of colours is truly British and, unfortunately, does uot always confine itself to onderskirts Such distressiug mixtures as a bright blue costume a scarlet sunshade, and a hat wreal had with yellow flhwers ; or again, plum-colour, mauve, and clear blue ; or yet again, a China-blue cos- tume, a crude pink lining, and a crimson parasol may not iefrequently be seen. Names of tints go for little, it is the harsh tones inartistically arranged that offend so greatly. Among the most popia'air hats for early summer wear, are those with double brims. Frequently a half-wreath of small flowers is carried round the boat between the two brims where it gives a pretty line of c( lour. The single rosette or cluster of flowers under a bat brim is 'rarely seen, the half-wreath arrangement has taken its place, and on single brimmed bats, is laid along ni xt the hair. Few girls look really well in the new three-cornered strews, which show a single red rose lucked into each of the three hallow corners of the upturned brim.

The crass for cretonne embroiders continues, and has extended now to our shoes and hose, the latest of which show ornamentation of this description. F..r ribbons, a running design is deemed desirable, and th.s is nicely workrd on with gold thread. For sunshades, which have seen their last days, the cretonne embroid- eries are without doubt invaluab!e. ta. trailing design covers the most te-tale of soiled seams, and freshens up the whole concern 'cost

Thcse who do not sketch or psii:t. yet Wi3il for a race- fill and profitableaecomplishmenr,should try pyrography or scorch-painting. This is chilly done on white wood though also applied to leather, and to textiles, and all the worker has to do ir to follow plainly natrlted outllnes with a point of metal he wed red hot. Charming erf«,ct results,and designers have, as always, a wider field than those who merely corm. Small articles of furniture and trifles enough to stock the largest and most varied bazaar, can be prepared, after very little practice, by pyrography. The modern machine is safe and effectual, and a new edition of the best known handbook has ju.t been issued to meet tta) demands of an ever-iocreasit g This pokerwork on white wood suggests sepia draw- ing, or when liked, can be colored, either whh plain stains, or with meta Ide tints that gleam out effectively and are especially WPII MAU d to tbe developments of heraldic designs. These COlf Ura on burnt leather are exceedingly handsome, ar d appropriate, and various novelties have been prepared for this season.

The question of furnishing is ti.WayB a difficult one, and up-tc-date styles are not parriculsrly pl, seine There is a tendency to revert to straight-backed, narrow, and genera;ly severe enairs, or to terrible barrel or split cyclinder shapes, with arms thas just bit the elbow of a restless occupant Rush seats and bar k•,and stained wood frarmrs, are seen in library, hall, and dining-room, shapes and materials anise suggesting those of kitchen and parlour furniture, a hundred Nears ago. 'the very clocks too have cars tb at are plain to ugliness. The old style of folding chair for occasional ure, wan of wood, with a back and seat of stretched carpet, or for the luxurious, of tapestry, or plush. Some very pretty new ones are on the lame old principle as far as collapsing properties go, but are of mahogany, rose. wool, and other ornamental timber.and when expanded display a slightly raised and comfortable seat, and a high back, with cushions to fit soothingly into the shoulders. These Challll are not so compact as the old gat type, but have the advantage of Leine safer Severe injuries have ben it flic'ed upon incautious fin- gers, whie.h were caught into the j'inte of plain folding chairs, which were not always easy to manage. The high-ba &red chairs aro of good pattern, and in the terms dear to the catalogue writer, "In ornament to any room." When rugs and fancy mate are used to cover a polished !Ix's, in halls or living rooms, they ought really f 6 be lined underneath with rubner sheeting, to prevent them aliening. Sometimes serious sec dents arise from this cause, and very often a graceful entry into a room Is entirely spoilt by unwarily stepping upon a loose mat or 114: on a slippery surface. Instead of shaking hands, one is scrambling wildly for anything to clutch hold of, to save oneself from falling. Rubber sheeting of the necessary thicknrss is, of csurse rather expensive, but it is the only way in which small mats and rugs can be made lasi, viten used on polished floors.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_19010524_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY SERVANTS' SOCIETY.

Councillor Pierpoint on the Railway-

meri's Dispute.

Under the auspices of the Warringtnn Branch of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants, a concert was tuld in the Cc-operative Hall, Sankey street, no Monday evening, when occasion was taken to unfurl the new banner which has just been obtained. The scheme for the purchase of the banner was mooted some eight or nine months ago and it was taken up with en,hu.iastn. At the present time the cost of the banner (£45) has been pravically defrayed. The proceeds of the co, cert were in aid of. the orphan fund which was establish( din 1880. In that year 38 ehildren wese placed on the fund, in contrast to 379 in 1899, and 247 in 1900 Altogether no fewer than 2,877 orphans had been assisted. Mrs W Pierpoit t performed the ceremony of unfurling the banner on Monday evening. Councillor Pierpront presided and suppnrticg him on the platform were Mrs PierPOinr, Councillor James Evans, the Res CU Heck n, J F Marth, ws. E R Tarhuck and Me..ers J Upson, Malone and A Meer, the organizing secretary et the srciety. At the c, mmeneement of the proceedings, The CHA/R7.IAN. in the course •-,f a short speech, Sal,' he had always done what he possibly could to help the railway men of Warrington—yhear, hear)—and he was still prepared to help them. Since he was asked to pre- side at that meeting he had been appointed& member of I the Boar% of Conciliation in Warrington. (Applause) The Board had been brought into existence mainly through the instrumentality of the Trades and Labour Council—(hear,hear)—and, therefore, perhaps some ot his confreres might say he was assuming a wrong Posi- tion in taking the chkir at a meeting which was held f r the purpcse of suppnrting an orga, iz.tion ot his position as am miler of that Board he Was tr.und to Fay considerable importance to what his fellow manu- facturing brothers had to say. It would be injudielem if he did anything that was contrary to what he con- sidered was right, and therefore he made that ntn, exnlanation. UP was there t",at evening in order to show how far he w.s in sympathy with the railway men of Warrinoton in their endeavour to add to the useful- ness of the nrganizasion—the Amalgamated Society of R ilway Servants The society bad been formed for self-protec•ion—tn protect the inter sts of the railway men of Warrington. (Hear, bear.) He desired to show his sympathy with the railway servants of Warrington and all over the country. Very few men travelled over more railway lines or travelled greater distancre than he did, but. none had travelled in grater safety. He had bet travelling for 30 or 40 years, and during that time he had never had the slightest accident or the least discomfort, (Hear, hear and applause ) That was due not so much to the time tables and r;1. Way engine and rolling stock, as to the care exerc,sed be railway men over the passengers entrusted to th#l, care. (Anplause ) He could only say that on this oce,,- Filn he had hoped that he could have come atriongs' them with the whole of the railway men of this country in a state of peace. Judging from what he had b,er. t id and what he saw and read in the public prints some railway men on some systems had reason to feel dnaiat- lisfieri with their position. He hoped that the quf stion, whi,ji was a vexed one, would be treated on one hand by the directors with perfect fairnesa, and would be discussed by the men in a proper spirit, If that was done, and a proper feeling Was brought to hear between the railway directors and servants, it wood be a great deal better for both sides. (Hear, hear and applause ) He was delighted to think that his wife—(helr, hea r)— was present to show her sympathy with the railway men of Warringtan. (apoupe.) At this stage letteTe r-f splogg were resd from m. Thomas Bitehall, the Revs E if Reed and F E Powell,aud Councillor Hmnett.

An attractive programn e was than sir mitted the, fl•st item being a well-ren .'red song by SI as M,rrall who in reel:tow to an einem gave the " Zuyder Zee" The same lady was also reealled at a later period ot the evening for a recitation' The stern Judge' which she interpreted in a very expressive manner. Mr Stnclair's banjo solo WAS creditably ptaved and received ye'T- meri,ed applause. Mr Gough's rendition of "1 he drumm a. boy," prooPti an interesting item. A violin aplo Fantasia Pastorali," by Mr Arthur Bennett (Wilderepool), was 'executed in fine style. Mr J ll.nnan'a song, " Th. old f•-lks at home," proved an interesting item. Mr F Allinson accompanied with ability.

During an interval in the prcceedings Mrs Fierpoint unfurled the banner. As the banner wa. unrolled it was seen that it W4EI a beautiful specimen 11 arr. On the front side the banner has the words " Arnalg,mated Society of Railway a rvants of England, Scotland, Ireland. and Wales, Warrington Branch." The painting dcpic'ed one of the society's repr.sentatives calling tion a widow, and paying her the sum which the society a'lows her. Underneath the plcture are the words " Bear ve one annthers burden " and "We succour the wid,w and ordhan." On the opposite side An engine is seen, the engine driver, fireman, and guard standing on the line. The banner is one of the most beautiful in the p, ssession rf the society, and is a credi r to the maker, Mr J Elam of London. The banner corn- mitten was cnnmnried of Messra Taylor, Faulkner, Plumb Moffat, Klison, Whittaker, Smith and Co terill, with Malone as chairman, Mr Hambletr, as secretary .mi Mr Such as treasurer.

Mr PIERPOINI said that his wife ',ad aFked hirn to that he 11,,ped the banner would rally the railway men of Warrington for many years toe me, (Hear, he4r.) Courcillor JAMES EVANS brit tly am.ires!.ed the meeting character:zing tho of the ecciety e.s a Cbrist;an wctk.

In proposing a vnte of thanks to the Chairman a.^d all who had assisted to make the meetirg a success, Mr A Meats, organizing s,cretary, delivered a honv•trus f roe eh Referriro to the orphan fund he said it com- menced work in 1880, wh, n 39 orphans were relit ved, •nr, d•Yro to last they had aisted no fewer than 2,377 orphans. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Th se orphan.. had ri ceived from their society no less than £53,000. The iirsr child received 31 a week until it was 14 years old, and if the, e was a secnnd that one received is a third 11 a fourth 6,1 When thr eldest came of age they only deducted the 6 I the 3• going to the second child, and so on until the yourge,t CAM- Of age. Th ‘r accounted for some of the famiii, s receiving over 100 from the society. The fund recd for its inn,,mP uo,,n two sr urces —(1) The recul.r pay m, nts made by each rn, mh-r of the society ; and (2) on the subscriptior s and donations of the benevolent Ipub:lc. In conclusion he had much pleasu e in proposing a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Mrs Pierpoint,and all concerned.

MALONE sPeoncleti.havine and on the motion being put to rho rneetiotz. tho pr, po4ition was earned. Mr PIELIPOINT having returnrd ttiat.ki, the proeeeC- ings camp to a conclusior.

-During the evening rcfreshrnrn,s were served to th. artitres and frienes, the frillosin2 committoe taint? vpronsible for !he arranorrnents : 11,1mhlett, Mrs Mcffatt, Mrs Jenkp, Mrs Tnft, and Mrs Taylor.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A DELICIOUS BEVERAGE.

Thr most wholesome ef an tittimer drinks is Lemon ado. Two gallons ran bp tn4de to perfeeTtitnatl: fwr:lini.kanr,4ti b o a;ttitclleel 'l3..,ErtifflyelinTsdoZienr It.Ty mTdst i.f tle Lemon mchardg—hence its delle4n,to tilvour and wondetfu cheapness To prevent (heal prnrmenr ineict urn having "E ffel Tower." Lerionad'. Of ed Grocers, Ch. in'aos. rtn., or err d 45'1 for a Come lo,ffic,ent to rnalr 2 "alkyls, tn G Fo•ter Clark and Co.. 3796, Eiffel 'rower Factory, Maidstone.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL. The Northern Union League.

A Serious Split Threatened.

, e The promoteis of this 1.41,1e11f, IlVt at Hudde•sfirld on Tuesday, when it ,as gp,cted that a deputation f three e,ich itorn the romairpng clubs in the two trimm- ing eninti-titins w,uld fiave met a decoration of three fr m the promoters f this L. 'Akue. It was found w)tli' wil h • thts view hinted it to regret. however. that the It attrition had at t been accep- Laxashire Lteeda. auTe haeropraritnyoorlrsrihihraed:tt4hgriti. tr,d.wrisoui.td r ht a med outside tt nwet,ipvrei pc rl )11P eh's] 1 e afpupe to the formation parcaundces ri.‘v point of a second Notttlein league insted of such coufity leagues, anti the promoters POP: tee tie tleris9ty to tht. number down to twelae. A tie meeting OD 'rue s- day it•airari tkaided to increase the numter, glad the Cetorinttee wilt meet on Tueeday next at Manchester tor the ptrpre of increasing the number of clubs. t

===== 0002601_19010524_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIT) IN, MAY '24, 1901

(CopyrigU.)-

arms around lum of her who had been his soul's, dearest vision when in the cold cell, who alone had made the wretched thread of his existence bearable, yet the hunted man trembled like one stricken with the ague. Grace had been paralysed from action by the sudden spasm of joy, but suddenly she bestirred hersalf for a more substantial welcome.:

"Why, how thoughtlessly cruel of me ! " ;she said. "You are starving." "I am worse than starving,* he said. "Grace, I feel as though I could lie down peacefully and die. They have •crushed all the manhood out of me. It was a wonder when it came to the pinch that I had the nerve to join the others and make my escape. Several of us broke loose, but only two 1 fem came clear away. But you never sent an answer to my letter, and I thonght--'• "I never had any letter," said Grace. "Day after day I expected it, but it never came." 'Martin heaved a sigh. "More treachery," he said. "What a farce to let me write you when they would not even post it fel? me Ah, Grace, it is worse than slavery, this prison _system, this espionage, this distrust." "Hush, dear," said Grace. "You shall tell us all about it presently. But now you must make a meal." . The famished man ate ' ravenously. It was bilk simple Christmas fare,"ti round of beef that had been cooked the day previous, bread, and a 'jug of rich farm cider to wash it down. But it seemed to Martin that never in all his life had he ever sat down to such a feed of rich and bounteous dainties. He felt a different man wen he had finished, for he had been without food for sixteen hours at a stretch. Grace found him a warm overcoat of her father's and he put it on, for he would not go to bed. The fear of recapture was too strong in his 'mind to permit of sleep yet, he said. To-morrow 'he would stay in the house if they would grant him their hospitality, and thew perhaps whilst someone watched he would iry and gain a little sleep. ,So the farmer piled on huge logs around the fire, and the warm glow thawed his blood. He asked mony_questions as to affairs at, Fenwick. He had seen a man in the room when he had gazed through the window, but did not know it was his cousin. Had he known he would have .entered boldly, little dreaming that at that moment hia cousin was doing his level best to undo him. He asked now who this man was. - ore

"Did you not recognise him ? " said Grace. was your cousin, Douglas Low I " "Paying a late call?" said Martin. There was a touch of jealousy in' his question, though he did not mistrust Ghee. "Yes," said Grace. indebted to Douglas." • "Yes, indeed," said the farmer. 1,1 do not know how we should have tided over the winter without his aid. As it is, matters have gone very hard with us. The new granaries--you remember they were being started when—when you were here;: well they were burnt down, but Douglas came to, our aid and tided us over the difficulty." "I am glad," said Martin. He could not make better use of the estate. Ho has my fullest sanction. Tell him, Mr. Hen& n, that it is my wish that you should be advanced out of the estate such funds as you my require from thee to time nntil you are free of all difficulties. Perhaps I shall meet him before I go abroad, for that is. my intention f I am not tracked down before r can. leave the co mtry." "He will not be too pleased to see you, I fear," said Grace, a little incautiously perhaps. The tone of he.. voices though she had not intended it, revealed to him the meaning that lay behind her word,.

"We are very mach

"Ah!" he exclaimed. "It is not.that, Grace.?' He wouldn't trke advantage of my banishment to drive you to marry him? " "Martin," she rphed, "I have mistrusted his, assumed attachment for you for this long timepast. More than ever was I satisfied of it when he shewed' such poor desire to shrink from giving evidSnee against you. A true cousin would have held' hie. peace, at least." "What he said was perfectly true," said Martin. "I did quarrel with my uncle the night before the' tragedy. But • whoever overheard. it might have stayed and ascertained that we made it up)im, mediately afterwards. But whit have you,toldlim Grace? You could give him but one answer."' "One only," said Grace. "I have thanked him over and over again for his kindness. More, II cannot do. My love is not mine to give. Till, death parts us, Martin, I am yours." "My sweet, true girl! God grant that I may: not be long under this terrible ban. Free, I might be able to devise some methods of clearing myself: There are those Parrs. That woman Parr knows who committed the tragedy. It was not herself, of that lam confident. It was not her son, whom I wrongfully suspected. Who, then, fired the shot ?- and what motive can that old woman have in swear— ing i was I ? I have thought it over again and again in the long dreary silence of my cell; and. I am 88 far from arriving at &solution as ever.. Keep an eye on the gipsy and- her son. Gain. favour with them if possible, Grace. It may be through them—at present it seems as' though it could only be through them—that 'My innocence - may be vindicated." They sat on into the night, for Martin would not :retire to rest, tired though he was. The furtive look that he cast over his shoulder at the door at the least creaking caused by the wind, shewed: the tension of his mind. And Grace- and the old: farmer sat up with him and listened to-the thrilling story he had to tell of his sufferings ittgaol:and.of his wonderful escape. "It was the evening before last that we made our escape," said Martin. "There were more than one of us, a whole gang; and there- would have been half the prisoners in the gaol in the- revolb if it had not been for one man, a huge fellow -named Hawkins, with whom I quarrelled and, fought some months ago when we were first drafted to Minewood." "0 Martin How terrible!"'

"For him, as it turned out," said Martin, with the faintest resemblance to a smile. "The fellow tried to bully me into giving him my bread, and at last he struck me." "I never thought such things- were possible in gaoL " "Nor I. until I went through them, Well, this man, having been thrashed, owed me a grudge. He pretended to take an interest in the rebellion which another new lag—a new prisoner I mean—had organised. This was a man named Minton, who had received a brutal thrashing when he went lute the prison simply because he had harboured a tiny tame mouse." • _

"What a brutal thing to. do !'" said Grace, whose sympathies were always keenly awakened by anything concerned with the dumb brute creation. "Yes, I. witnessed the scene,. unfortunately," said Martin. "Well, when the mouse was killed in his sight, Manton struck the warder who com- mitted the act—a very serious offence. He was thrashed and sent into the dark cell' for several days. What the dark cell is like Ido not know, but it is very terrible." "Thank God, you have escaped that," murmured Grace.

"Hush, dear, Ido not know. If lam captured now, it mayonean that and worse." Grace shuddered and drew nearer to Martin.

"When Manton at length came out he was hungering for revenge. By chance he was drafted into our gang and I got to know him. We became sworn friends, and I suppose it was because of our friendship that 1 found myself almost unconsciously falling into his plans for effecting an escape. He had dreadful provocation, poor fellow, I will admit, but the boldest in the prison would never hate thought of proposing such a scheme as little by little Manton unfolded. to me and to the other convicts. Wby he was so desperately anxious to get clear I did not know, for he only had two years to serve, but they goaded him into defiance, and I believe he rather gloried in giving the warders trouble. The plan was simple, yet perilously bold. It was this: We were to wait day after day, until the first fog occurred, when we were out at the works. You know that when the fog descends, as it often does at Minewood, the warders immediate'y get their gangs together and march them back to the prison, whilst the outside cordon of sentinels have their rifles at full cock ready to pick off any desperate wretch who thinks his chance has come to make a rush for his liberty. . They often try that little game on, but it is almost impossible to succeed."

"Yet you did." "So far, but wait. When the fog came, there was to be a given signal by means of a long-drawn whistle from Manton, and in that instant the con- victs were to make a united stand with their picks or shovel S or whatever came handiest, beat down the warder in charge of their respective gangs, and make a wild dash in the fog for their liberty. By escaping all at once it would be impossible for the sentinels to pick off everyman with their rifles, and ttns the great majority would have e ~.thance." "But they did not all get clear awav 1." asked the farmer. "Only two, as far as I know," "Yourself and who?"

Manton, he who planned the outbreak, but r itm afraid he is captured again- / lost him ir, the run -!we made for a tiny creek some three miles MAMA from the prison. But lam anticipating my story. We waited for several days, but no fog fell. Then one evening just as we were about to return .to the prison a thick mist dropped over Minewood, and in less than three minutes everything beyond a hundred yards of us was blotted out. "My nerves were tingling with excitement, for I montantarily expected the signal to run. I expect the other men felt the same. All of a sudden Manton, who had been working by my side for the greater part of the day but had been removed to Ak quarry a short distance away, gave a shrill whistle. In an the gang 1 was in was on the offen- sive, and rushed at the warder in charge. So completely taken by surprise was he that his truncheon was snatched from his grasp and he was lying stunned on the ground with a blow from it, without making any but the faintest resistance, and without giving the slightest alarm. "It was owing to this that our gang got the best start of any. Some in the distance, perhaps, did not hear the whistle, and others,. I belitve, wait, d a moment to hear if it were repeated, but our gang with the leader in it got a clear dash, and I can assure you we made the most of it."

===== 0002601_19010524_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LADDER OF GUILT.

Br ITLYSS ROGERS, . Author of "For Love and the Queen," "Wedded

===== 0002601_19010524_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
in Mystery," &c.

CHAPTER XVI. THE FACE AT THE WINDOW.

At the sight of this sudden apparition, a falai scream escaped from Grace's lips. "There Look there!" she cried, pointing to the window.

Low, arrested half=way across the room, turned. suddenly. But quickly, as he had faced about, the man at the window had moved more quickly. There was nothing—nobody to be seen. "What is it ? " •Isked Low. "I see nothing." But Grace had sunk back into her chair, her face deathly pale, her hands clutching,•her breath coming in gasps. For even as she had cried out in alarm, she had recognised that face at the' window. Those terrible death-haunted eyes, those famine-stricken, emaciated cheeks—she knew them, changed though they were. The man at the window was her lover, Martin Fenwick, and she, in her nervousness, oh, what had she done? He was a fugitive, and she, who should have screened him, who should have held her peace, had been the first to give the alarm. . Her father, at her cry, had come running back into the room. He looked sternly at Low. "What is the meaning of this?" he asked. "I do not know any more than you," said Low. "Miss Hendon cried out that there was something on the other side of the room, at the window, apparently. I turned to see what it 1/118, and found nothing." "It was nothing," said Grace. "I only fancied I saw somebody. But it was Mr. Low's shadow on the blind. I'm afraid I'm getting dreadfully nervous. I am so sorry, Mr. Low. And father, too—l'm afraid I must have startled you." But neither of the men was satisfied. Farmez Hendon remembered hearing once from his .dau,ghter's lips of this same Douglas Low attempt- ing to kiss her against her will at the farmyard gate, though that had been forgiven and almost forgotten bug ago. This incident brought it to the farmer's mind. 'Had he, against her will, offeree her the insult of another kiss He resolved t 4 remain in the room the rest of the evening. And Low, too, was even more suspicious. For he, being an observant man, had noticed that in the position in which he stood when Grace had first called out it was impossible for the fire to cast hit shadow on the window. He had been upon the point of suggesting that they should settle the question by opening the door and looking, out, but he was a very astute man, and his craft hinted at a different course. It was, perhaps-, as well to allow the old man to hug his delusion, or to accept Grace's explanation. For himself, he would know, inde- pendently of them all, what had transpired outside while his back was turned to the wintiOw ; and, knowing, he would act on his own initiative, with'. out being under any obligation either to keep or divulge a secret. _ _

- "It is Christmas Eve, you must remember, Mr. Hendon," said Low, with a laugh. "I'm afraid Miss Hendon has been saturating herself with the overwrought sensations of the usual seasonable ghost stories. This strong firelight dbes cast strange shadows. I don't think rn stay any longer. Why, bless me, how the time has gone I Eleven o'clock! A good night's rest will steady your nerves, I trust, Miss Hendon. Good-night. Good-night, Mr. Hendon. Don't trouble; I can let myself out. It's snowing still, I see. Good.-night." They heard him as he stepped out through the paved porch, and presently the outer gate clanged, an intimation that he had gone. But in this they were mistaken. He-had banged the gate loudly in order to deceive.

He passed down the road a matter of twenty yards until he came to a disused barn. The snow muffled his footsteps, so that it was impossible for anyone who had been listening to gain any guidance from them. Once in the shadow of the barn, how- ever, he went no further, but nimbly ran round to an angle whence he could command a view of the house and, despite the still falling snow, set him- self to keep watch. The reason for these unexpected tactics- on the part of Mr. Douglas Low was obvious. For up the road and along the track to the house were foot- steps ttha had not been visible when Low entered the • farmhouse earlier in the evening. Low had seen at a glance that they had led to the window, and that they proceeded no further. Judging by the tintertangle of prints, the man who had caused them had doubled at this point, and as was clearly indicated, had passed the door again and made his way round to the back of the house, where he was without doubt still in hiding. Who could this man be? Low racked his- braine to think of some other suitor who should be as much at home at Fenwick Barton as to come to do his. wooing near the hour of midnight. But his mind could fix upon no one. Burning with jealousy and curim.ity, he resolved to•take what appeared to be the most convincing course—to wait in hiding and see what would happen. He had not to wait long, for in less-than five minutes the farmhouse door opened, and in the red light stood Grace, waiting at the door. Then it had been acting, after all, that make- believe faint of hers and that repudiation immediately afterwards. As he suspected. • Now, who was the man? AS if in answer *to his thougtds a crouching figure limned itself black against the whitened out- houses; a tatterdemalion figure, without a hat, and in clothes that hung in shreds about him.

Then a cry, a -cry of joy, rose on the air, and Grace flung herself into, the open arms of the stranger. He held her there, clasped close to his heart for a moment Then he lifted her into the house and the door was shut. Who could it be? A mad, ungovernable anger seized upon Low., He clenched his fists until the nails dug into the palms, and brought the blood. He had been so near, he thought, to winning his quest that night. Was she playing, fast and loose with him? He had never heard of another lover being in the field. Then another, the correct suspicion, crossed his mind. But, psbaw ! that could not be entertained for a moment. It was too impossible. There was but. one way of making sure, however, and that was the • same that the stranger had utilised in taking his survey of the interior of the farm. It needed no second prompting to induce Low to, put this sug- gestion into practical effect. Rapidly he retraced his stops, and on tiptoe made his way over the snow to the house. The window- blind still left that vacant space in the corner. He waited a moment, then carefully, little by little, he drew nearer to the uncovered pane until just one • eye gained an „insight of the ffrelighted room inside. Only one second did he look, then eapain, and anger. defshot eyes, with a haggard he fell back nilto,h7hbiir close cropped, and cheek- !, suddenlyuFnothunted d aezp;wmitnhssialov bones that threatened to burst their way through the flesh, so starved was he, sat in the farmer's chair by the fireside. And round his neck were Grace's arms, and hot tears of great gladness were pouring down from her beautiful eyes upon the shrunken-trembling hands of the visitor. Douglas Low did' not, need to look twice. That man was his own cousin, the respited man, con- victed of murder, Martin Fenwick. With a low, --fiercely muttered curse, Low, hardly knowing what he did, dragged his limbs, trembling with excitement, to the fartnhonse door. There he hesitated a moment.. . "Fool, fool that I' should be," he said. "It would undo everythrng were I to enter." He turned and took to his heels, running down the path. Be reached the gate, opened it, took care to close it with absolute noiselessness behind him, and made off down the read at full speed. . A short distance from tha farm the road forked, one branch going to the village, the other leading away further into the country past the wood in which the Parrs lived. He rounded the road that led back to Fenwick, but when he had gone thirty or fold), yards he suddenly pulled up. "What am I thinking about? " he said to him- self. "My brains seem altogether to have left me. No! Not I, but Fan'. He's the man to do this." He ran back to the corner and then diverged as fast .11,4 his legs would curry him in the ' direction .of Parr's cottage.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVII.

TIIE GREAT .lIIETEIY. Tt'lfna reality Martin Fenwick, who had come t,, SlA:nwiek Barton, but Martin, broken in body and spirit, a fugitive with the crack, crack of the warders' rifles even yet ringing in his ears, thonmit it had been thirty-six hours ago that he had made his escape. , • Though he F.at in the warmth of the ire. With the

===== 0002601_19010524_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVIII. A SAUD MAIM

"I suppose I was the best sprinter, for after a few yards I found myself leading. Then out of the fog came a shot, another, and another. They were fired at hazard in the direction we were heading, but I heard one poor fellow behind ma give a groan and stagger, sprawling to the earth. I ithetald like to have stopped, but I heard a voice belaind me. It was Manton's. •

"'Don't stop,' he cried, hoarsely. They are just behind.' "I looked round and could see half-a-dozen strange shapes in the murky darkness of the fog. Oneln convict garb was not more tharesix yards in the rear, and I knew by his gigantic form it was the prisoner with whom I had fought,. Hawkins. Behind him I could just recognise the parti- coloured costume of a convict who had been in

disgrace, and I guessed instinctively it was Manton. Still further back ran another convict, and in the rear some fifty yards or more were two black% shapes that I rightly guessed were warders. "Even as I looked round one of these two stopped short, and,' raising his rifle, fired again. The hindmost convict fell like a log in reaponse.to the shot, and the warder who had fired called' out to, se to stop or be would servo us the same."- "' On, on,' cried Manton. Run zigzag and they can't hit you.' I took his advice and' dartedt away to my right, then back to my left in short,. sharp tacks. But I had scarcely gone half-a-dozen yards thus, when I felt a heavy weight on my back, a pair of huge armsowere thrown round my neck, and, by sheer strength of brute-force, I was forced: backwards to the earth.

"It was Hawkins, who had served me this dastard' trick.. The fellow was spent himself, perhaps, or felt it futile to rue further, and to gain a pardoui , for himself had resolved upon my capture. " This'll pay off the old score, I hope,' he. , hissed in my ears as we lay on the ground. "The words were scarcely out of his lips when ai heavy blow fell upon his face, and there was Manton kneeling over us, and digging his teeth into the giant's big knotted hands. The brute released his grip at that, and struggled to get• to his feet to fight or wrestle it out. But. the blow Manton had given: him left him half-dazed and sluggish, so that when he half rose he fell back, again. • "Manton's arms were under m 8 shoulders, and, • with one lurch he had lifted me to my feet. Not a. moment to soon. The warders were but twenty pm*, away, coming down the slope at a heavy rush. Away we darted, running zigzag fashion as before. "'l'm done V I heard a warder cry. 'After them. while / fire. I can't run another step.' "A shot whizzed past me a moment later, and . them a, succeeding one followed so quickly as almost to appear simultaneous. I heard Manton .give a sharp cry. " What is it ?' I asked. • Are you hurt ? ' ".4.Not much,' he said. Only hit in the hand. It was a near squeak. I think we had better divide. ' You go to the left; you will reach the creek another , mile and a-half further on in that direction. I: will go to the right. Good-bye. God help you.' "He had darted off even while he was speaking. 'Good-bye,' I cried into the darkness, and that was the last I heard or saw of the truest, bravest fellow

• I have ever known." "And did they leave yon then to chase him?" asked Grace, anxiously, to whom the whole story. . seemed even then to be in actual progress. "No; they did not. At least., the warder; *Maker, who was personally responsible for Manton and me kept on my trail. He hated me, I knew, and no doubt put me down as the instigator of, the revolt. At any rate, he knew it would fars, ill with him if any of his men escaped, for th., Governor would be fined five hundred pounds on my account, and would retaliate on him. So I' daresay he thought that as Manton was wounded, ' he was a pretty certain capture, and left him to • his less athletic mate.

"And you, Martin?" asked Grace, who had no ears for any diversion in the story. "I ran right on ont of the fog, into open day.- . light, such as it was, for the shadows were closing in over the country. He stuck to me another half- mile. His gun wanted loading, and he was afrai& he should lose ground hopelessly if he stopped to put in the cartridges. But at length I drew so far ahead that his only chance was a shot. I had turned my head occasionally to look at him, and I saw him stop. Then I commenced to zigzag again as Manton had advised. He fired twice, and. missed me each time.

"What a dogged fellow he was! He recom- menced the running again, settling down to a good swinging trot, keeping me in sight, in the hope, perhaps, that some rustics might happen along who would assist in stopping my flight. He must have been a splendid long-distance runner in his youth, • but he was cumbered with too- much flesh and heavy clothes, and, in addition, had his gun to carry. "At length I came to the creek Manton had spoken about. What to do I did not know other than to swim it. Yet before I had got safely up the other bank, Whitaker would be up, and would, have a good chance at me. In the rapidly-closing gloom, however, I might just escape, or I might, perhaps, double down the bank of the stream and elude him that way. "I resolved to try this course first, and started away to the right, when suddenly, as though it had been planned by Providence, I saw something that I thought would aid me in escape."

(7h be continued.)

===== 0002601_19010524_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH IN OLD AGE. Life's Closing Days Need not bn Sad and Pitiable as they Used to Be.

When old ago negina t crevp upon us the infirmities f life tmace tri,mselv.6 felt.

By arltpuiatorig the Kidneya. The v!' al forces are 4k. the stream of life is grad is, ally drying up. The 'Keil and the ageinc [vivo not PnOII g h vitality to null!. up for (he wear *rid tear. O rt storing teem o sound heavh, Dodo', Kidney Pills keep off the break.og dovn attack!. of rod ego. A t By putting tly kAncys in good heal h, Dodd's Kidney Pill., ereu e a lull supply of pore, rich trool, on which the broken ch wn nerve., muscles, tows, and tissues feed, and which nukes new tissue to repl.ce the old aud won cu matter.

The folha log leiter from Mr tlonas Bootb.who re.idea at II nfey Moor, near Fludder,field, i iini rf my re - el iyeo proving thir.• Writing on Mareb 21st; 1901, says : "In November last! hiol a bad at'sek of inft.t.aaa, aro toflowinv it In Kidneys, were very Much aftt.ott.d, and I aas taken with verb s.Yere pains in my hack. and had great t.ouhle in getting about. I had hero un- tbe doctor for It. and tie told Ire chat mc k lne” wire wtong, but his medicine aid not bring me any reit, f.

The pain in my back became en had that I could nnt lamp. I then heard nt I;l3.ld's Kuiner Ala. and .fter ra lug hr cure. hrough• about t)y them I determined to give them a tri,t, and alter tAlting two boa 8 tire pain left me, arid 1 wa. cnmpletely cured ;. e then I have bad n iurther tronh'e

... . My wile had also be, n A great aufVrer for over two years, and was vt:rt: kbe to get about her work without great pain in her back. /She also took Dndd's K.dney Pills, aad is nnw able to get Minus with( ut tr. WA.. We both trim k aid's Kidney Pills for our prtspbt gotl health, and are recirrnmendiog tflem every wbere, and -hall atm, ys speak highly of them. My wile and myself were aatonbhed 4:n.1/gra:incl. ruse ih=, Pull. ( ft! erect in brth our cases." I might say I mg' m, wife is 63, and I am 70 years of age " 1 T, k Dodo's YI uney'Pirls and you pot b, ck old age Imany years, mbk.! the bo,ly stiOng and heal hy, and the ' mind tr OF and vigorous C d A Kidney [Vs are 2s 91 pr boir, six brores for 134 9d. of all Chemsts • or sent post free on ri vipt of price by 'Me Dodds Medicine CO, 23, avenue, London, EC. • oaportant to 'erne mber the name, D-o-d-d-a% • I

===== 0002601_19010524_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FAILURE OF A FORMER WARRINGTON NEWSPAPER

===== 0002601_19010524_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPRIETOR.

On MAtilday at the Maticnes,.er Bankruptcy Goner tisfore Mr. Registrar A kieson, ilia examination 9709 conducted by the Official Receiver (Mr Dibb) into Oe bankruptcy partnership existing between Witham ski!, host, of LlInM, and Jon dhaw Green, of Urban-fond Sale, formerly of Bridge.street Warrington, and proprin' tor of the defnact " Borcugh Press," the proprietors of a series of suburban Blancheeter newspapers. The relPe", owned by the debtors were "Tee Manchester Chronicle,' "The Altrinchard Division Chronicle," " The Stretf ord Divisional Chronicle," "The lnutsford Division Chronicle," and " TheWilmalow and Aiderfey Chroni- , The joint statement of affrirs showed lisbdities amounting Co £434, and assets which Jcfo a surplus of £493. The examination of Mr Green was first t4ican Official Receiver. He said he agreed to pay £O to cornea partner, and of this amount he only. paid ZOO' Prior to the partnership he was the editor of a Comber land and Westmoreland paper. He execut.d a deed a csignment for the benefit of his then crr.ditors.

liablitS were about 2150, end bis assets, annsiatii household furnituremere of tbe estimated value of Re had only one creditor. and that was his br CL abate

Proceeding, the debtoe-wen• on to state that the

A'-

on which be agreed to my Mrjlliqr for a htlf _ terms

nf tb ego

newspapers

was the -usual

. . _ two and a third years' purchase os the profits. Shilling gave him a statement (Whmh he now h.nd. the Cnurt) whmh showed the prr fl A f rmn October,: to Septerel-er 29th, 1699. were 4125 3-. 2i. Ittr Dab: And rrru allege now that those reprrst tiona were false P—Yes, I do.

And you now hand me a long statement. giving grounds an witch you allege Trap sau re induced to et improperly 'mein this agreement Mr Dili), remarked that the statement conesituted 11, serious charge, not only against Mr ginning, but siortj against another gentlemen, but he did not think it fair to read it until the gentlemen whom it affected had &ea° it and heed an opportunity to reply to it. Mr Mb • Do you now swear that the staterot „ von me k' In the decument are true and correct in evert particular to the best of your belief y—itss I dn. The debtor stated that of th £2so' he paid to Pir Shilling, the I •tter placed £2OO to his ~yrn private count,and £5O was paid into a new account on behalf r the firm RP ar-ii king canitsl. Toe only h”nett he Pt ore of the £250 was £5O introduced as working capital. Be did not pay the other £lOO becalms. he had net sufficient money Mr Shilling wrote fitring to sell tbe PaPhra to him for the same terms as be had come 1060 he business, and that more money was wanted to dell; I lop the papers than they had spent on them, It ve°' , because of this letter that he did not pay the balanee; las gave notice of the dissolution of the partnership, bu_.," there was no actual dissolution. He left the office u: May 18 last year, when there was considerable pressor' ,as regarded the liabilities, and had since 'eft .management entirely to his partner. Ho did no kw); whether Mr Skitling accepted the direneuthn. 13e mu not heard it suggested that the transaction between WO; 'self and his brother was to protect his furniture sogairre' his future crediture. but in any came it was untrue to as/ .so. Waen the agreement was drawn rip he had no Ind!. .pendent solicitor, and the trustee in the matter was bP ;nephew. The unsecured liabilities amounted to. 'era the statement of affairs showed assets which wow" 'rewilz. £928, after paying prefereroi.l c asms In other words, it showed a surplus of £193, after paying the creditors in full. Mr"Dibb : Hut do you know that the copyrights the various papers which you and Ms Shilling Pd." idown at £7OO, and that the book debts you both eiti; mated at £226, have only realised together £490.1'" print know. , Well, take it from me that there has been a sale tender, aad that the highest tender for the copyright and book .debts was £4OO, which amount has bee° accepted by the trustee —Very well. the On th.sp figures,of course, there would not her debtor added. a dividend of 20s in the Want -4 capital and misrepresentation as io the liabilities of 04 business, the circulation of the series of newspapers.a% advertisements and quantity of news therein, were ty reasons he assigned as amangat the causes of his failitre,,i • Mai Shilling, was nest swam, and gave his version the parnership—the, two debtors being in serious de .ireement on the point. Be informed Mr Dibb that er dnot adopt many of the answers given by his nartnso and denied any charge hrotteht merriest him. The he paid into the new account at the time of the pEirteei *hip oradhis (witness'') quota to the working cepit...vt Mr-Green was also to have brought a similar to the business as working capita,. but he bioneht in a single •,,,enny as such. The letter in ablu,o no offhred the sale of the papera to Mr Green Pis!lci irswer to one from him, asking how much he WO Jake to go out of the business. The 0;00 merit was that Mr Green should pay tbe , balance of the partnership amount 5° nof rn-•ntn, bur he did not pay it, rna it was - thia,that he wrote to him nrimnltininr, of the eaiStiai nnvition of affiirs. The non-payment of the meel s3l.certhirn in a serious difficult., sod was the nrilj most of the trouble that bad arisen since then. It 4'd "'Ern part of the partnership that Mr Green wee-to f half of the liability of £l5O owing to roe Stoek9",,e County News Cotnpmey,who printed the papers, hut tro. lan was not paid by him. The reason of the firm's ,10. solvency, in his opinim, was want of capital, and " fai'ure of hilt,Green to carry ontr his arrangements., t Rare you pot SOM. Masonic jewellers and clothallie —l' have, bat it la practically valueless, exeept to to owner. He added thathe -wee a Kr.ight Templar, oi to Order He had put down in hi. a..tsts what be [bail was the value of the clothing and jlieis. de The examination was adjourned ttl- give the debt ?0 an opportunity of preparing certain accounts, whi were •riecified by the Official Re.irirrer.

of I indr

_ plus AND iNDIgEsTION cArr—LEl).

- &C, doraial Otten-Ot MAXIM'S' mane Isslde!,:, Carrlaga paid ARCl3l°,' IREaCi•NT. TOP .01 - Isttlblhhed 1808. ,---< iusDUailoN e rokt D 43 ANDESu- BiIi4NSRS. ti DES - MAN mit4 I IiCA7ANDESL.'",a CHUMMY-. .neri I3OAIJDESCENT Onip" ALL KINDS OF P'- ritOTOLOTOIIB-1,. GLAST)BIIOPPLEORBBENTS CACN°II3°BI7I."‘RAZ NO TilAHSliD.GitiI)B6: $ll

ADA.MS rri BRITISH( SW 14fiftD PLATR. IA mow GLASSS°OF DSTUTP.EIIjtiNATMPIA'SsIISjj4.3 CS. eLAbd SiIADRS AND 'iTANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT.'

J. ADAMS:

212, Noun-HILL STREET, AND 14, SSIIT 11 DOWN-EOA LIVERPOOL

Dr.' td.ucal ease of a Wes] Churel wished conger si Promo

Xat—i °per 11. A.

T! reso the van, Ulu of t

If kll PL, .!loi

tbe 513. Ave' dOf IVO aft of age 'bee. it ot Mr to 1896. f ntr 0)0 iter lent° - of g°t Ical. I

If kos r V, '

the V' be' 2250. naber- eed of

bor. d of fife

'me of 12200 , het basl. shafe 1s of Mr Ipci tO ,139E'r

===== 0002601_19010524_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
1.....•........... m.

e4trjet°l.henrse s e Free Chin ,°ngreE,,at usginain, the saint; mercies of o Was referr Free Chui and speak first rank terrnons, within th eflir thirt a great sketch of Chrohicle

Xatura friendly f Pktrliltmel

-- Posus to 1 in thefuti different

to earns

the tno4t to bed il-1S atriti dite

clerical li Dak, of

1/11kii re 4 against P.;)l9tech Uke wt: that in had sup "Ave bo ehuruhn

Iklucatio litiversa

is Et, rant

and ir; erected

Qwn exp from lioathly the Sus: "al° ha Charge rest in t Drovidir three rr This sch hi tho c rlaised t

The , Dastor dressed church Itareus Mlethe IXtendo ti the t.l.eeeed •ieed a I°,l,ltAin Nor cotda c Ugh 1

- - . sPealis his (is face gb partici]

iion.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE FREE CHURCHES.

"ONES, OF BOURNEMOUTH." • annes, of Bournemouth," has within the iie,.st three years become a familiar name in the tee Churches. The pastor of Richmond-hill 'nngregational Church, Bournemouth, is now beginning to experience the tender mercies of the saints. Dr. Berry once said, "The tender Illetnies of the wicked are cruel, but the tender kercies of the saints are much more so." He Was referring to the crushing demands that the Free Churches make upon their best preachers in" speakers. Mr. Jones has now reached the ars* " rank, and is asked to give many more -erninns, addresses and speeches than come Within the compass of mortal flesh. Ile is Only thirty-five years of age, and has doubtless a great future before him. An interesting of his career appears in the Free Church Ciirohicie for June.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE EDUCATION i;TT,L.

Xaturally tin; Free Chwelies views with no friendly feelings the Education Bill now before Parliament. Theic chief obiection is that it pro- SOS to liana over the edneation of the country in the f Ith:re to bodies which are elected for quite different work. It does not seem to them wise to entrust the training of our future citizens, t,be 'nest vitli interest of the Commonwealth, ‘o bodies which are elected to look after drains nI ditches and the operations of the steam- `'ller• The bill seems to be a concession to clerical hatred of the School Boards. Even the I/ulie of Devonshire is beginning to resent the 4-7f:zesslcm party. Ile ad- -I)lii.listered a decided snub to the deputation which recently appeared before him to protest against the School Board interference with P.solytechnics and .technical institutes. The was bold enough to toll these gentlemen "h`lat in a great many cases the School Board 1144 supplied a want--a want that could not dLve been supplied in any other way. Free hurchmen as a body are in favour of ad hoc ethlcation authorities and the establishment of Ilniversal School Boards.

ed t aløe fair sea

It's Of put ettt • 11..1 A br bee?'

BS,' er• er JP'

-IR. COMPTON RICKETT'S MUNIFICENCE. , Mr. Compton Rickett, as is well known, 18 a munificent supporter of the Free Churches and Free Cnurch Institutions. Recently he erected a Mission Church at Chiddingly at his ewn exPonse. Chiddingly is in Sussex, not far from .11r. Rickott's beautiful country house at ' cathlY• The Church has now been vested in tns Sussex Cuanty Congregational Association, 'vho have appointed an evangelist to take charge of it. Mr. Rickett takes a keen inte- rest in the scheme of the National Council for Providing a Free Church evangelist within „,three miles of every village in the country. .I:his scheme will probably first be worked out ill the county of Sussex. Mr. Rickett has pro- toi give all the help he can. THE PRESBYTERIAN AND THE VICAR.

The other day, Dr. Hanson, the popular Pastor of Marvlebone Presbyterian Church ad- Itessed the communicants at St. James's ehurch, Holloway, at the invitation of the Rev. ,Tarcus Rainsford, the Vicar. it is doubtful Whether such a courtesy has ever before been 'tended to a Presbyterian minister by a Vicar the Established Church. Dr. Hanson, who .6.lleeeeded Dr. Pentecost, is a handsome, cut.. 7etl and refined Irishman. His cotagreestion t°,l4hins some of the most influential men in coclldon. During the Simultaneous Mission he b.lldUcted a campaign along with the Rev, 'Ugh Price Hughes at Brixton. Dr. Hanson' LBl?ealte in quiet tones, full of expression, and as "Is discourse proceeds his keen intellectua face glows with passionate earnestness. He is particularly strong on the temperance ques- tion.

"HOW LONG IS IT TO CONTINUE?" Dr. Waller, at a meetiang of the Wesleyan tiucation Committee, called attention to a

case of Anglican intolerance. A girl, who was a 'Wesleyan, was engaged as a candidate in a Church school, and at the end of the year she Wished to be apprenticed. The clergyman consented, but he shortly afterwards died. Ilie successor declined to allow the girl to Proceed unless she received the rite of Con- firraation. This is only a specimen of what I:,aPPens not infrequently all over the country. 'nrely, it is a grievous wrong that Noncon- forraists, who are half the nation, should be ex- cluded from the teaching profession in schools t° which the nation supplies the bulk of their funds. Happily, in this case, a British school Iwas near, to which the girl was apprenticed. The education authorities recognised the year Previously served in the Anglican School. , TUE ILLNESS OF REV. BERNARD J. SNELL. The news of the serious illness of the..popu- lar pastor of Brixton Independent Church : has been received with profound regret throughout the country. Mr. Snell is suffering from enteric fever. It comes as a climax to a series of calamities. Some months ago Mr. Snell lost his daughter, and since that time his wife has had most indifferent health. Mr. Snell has had in consequence to be removed from his home at Streatham to a fever hospital. He is quite conscious and Cheerful, but he will probably be in the hospital for fully a month yet. Mr. Snell pos- -4esses a powerful frame and constitution, and 11,as hitherto enjoyed excellent health. It is 'toped, therefore, that he will be able to escape, ,Ic a large extent, the terrible weakening and "ePressing effects of the dread malady. A BOOM IN FREE CdURCH PUBLICATIONS.

The Publication Department of the National I .90uncil is enjoying unprecedented prosperity. Itiless thane month, a largo edition of the Free ITurch Year Book has been nearly exhausted. 4 The Call of God," the volume of bimultamous Mission Sermons, is now far on in its second E'dition. Within two months 35,000 copies of .4 All Things New," advice to new converts, by Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, have been sold. -clae Free Church Catechism is now in its 21st edition, making a sale of between 300,000 and copies. 45,000 copies of "The Story Gipsy Smith's Career" have been sold. The ational Council will shortly issue a manual on 13Pen-air work written by the Rev. F. 13. Meyer, .A.

MISSION VANS. The National Free Church Council has Solved to purchase ini,sion vans for work in l'ne rural districts. The men in charge of the v,ftria will act both as evangelists and colpor- r,eurs. There is plenty of room for an enterprise of this sort.

ZLAY S ARE DANGEROUS. suffer from Bat Kariftb..LUMBAGO.GRAVEL. late". RN DISRAF;E. DR..PSY, WIND. WATER COSI- tO•C vOU will find a pos tore cure in If -°"." Gravel Pit's. on't delay, try them to-clay. um satisfied. money returned. Is IN all Chemists. - abe 12 stamps. HOLDRoYD'S IeRDICAL HALL, OLNCYLIMION, VAX&

Ibm•

===== 0002601_19010524_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ACADEMICAL OUTING.

Members of the Warrington Society

_ at Rostherne.

The headline ib ove is founded tin the orssump- tion that aaything which emanates from the academy ma,t necessarily be academical even though a casual oeserver might not think so. Baturday's wend; would nor, strike the man in the street ss having any features about it which were noticeably academical. Neither woull the savoury odours which—sometimes permeate he pellucid atmosphere at Bridge Foot between the hours of twelve and two. Yet bo:h emanate, or have emanated, from tlte A .a'letny, and are therefore academical. We need nitrify mention that the members of the Warringten Society have their head- quarters at t. is ancient, honoured building, for the fact is fairly well-known tat they a:e the only people its Warring in with academical pretensions Where those pretensions sometimes lead them, lo,wever, we are not at present going to discuss, " suffi.oent for the day is the evil thereof,' and On Saturday thr academical pretensions were left at h. m-t,tis is customary on at least one occasion in every year. T. at occasion is the annual outing, when the archaeologist forgets for the nonce to muse over mystic marks in the mud, the lilts ateur forbears to pursue his cafiap yrative analysis of toe works of John :quart. Mill and W W Jaeobs,and the other "curs" enl "'oloeists" all divert teeir ardent enthusiasm from the passion play and snakes to the prospects of the picnic, which, for the time being, are equally enthralling. The average man likes a picnic, and the same may be said of the ordinary academician, his li fry ideals notwith- standing. 14ot:rover he possesses a capacity for e. ejovine himvelf while engaiee picnicing which is not exceee ed even by a street Arab. It is not, therefore, eilEctili to imagine or b4ieve that what we have boldly styled" an academical outing was en exceediagly enjoyable event, and one that will cause last eaturday to be a wed-reimembered day. At or about two p.m. the boozed c matenance of Oliver Oromwed might have been observed to relax from its aecust ome severity of expression as the merry picnic party foregathered in his broad -halow, half of them with bicycles and the re- mainder wit h a well-found .d claim to at least 18 inches sLace on the seat of a "brake." Fortunately for them the allowance of spaca was rather more liberal, There was a very full master of " bikists " and " linkers " and the parry, aeout, 40 strong, set out for the very pretty village of Rostherne, prompt to time. When atehforil had been left behind the total had swelled to filty,fully half of whem were of the gentle st•x. The academical mind has, by the way,a distinct leanieg towards the ladies, "who do cheer but not inebriate," as one member oecasioa- ally recites, It is a beautiful ride to Rostherne, I especially if you can persuade oteier people to amble serenely through the dust you unavoidably thr iw up But when it is your lot to plug through the chokey cloud someone else is raising, then the by becomes tempsred, By preading over three or tour miles of road, however. nearly everybO ty succeeded in escaping what might have been a real drawback, or the "dry spell " had coated the splendidly-smooth Routsford highway with a velvety suifade of dazzling white, and proved pungency. The country looked its best in the glorious bls,zis of sunseine,trees anti meadowland displaying every shade of green, varied here and there with golden buttercups and, in shady places, a profusion of wild liyacin, he. Half-way en route the cavalc de branched off to the right and t iok in a view of Svvitteyard Hall, a chatm:ng old country farmhouse, with a broad and well-filled moat still encircling it Beyond this little diversion the journey out was devoid of incident, but brimful of enjoyment. Rostberne was reached in good time, and well did the fir e view from the churchyard repay all for the visit. We never remember to have seen the mere and its wall-wooded slopes look lovelier. There was a richness of colouring in water, sky, and land almost Italian rather than English, and few places could have taken the palm for sylvan scenery from R eitherne last Saturday. After feasting on the view for a while the party be- came prosaic and marched off to feast on something more substantial at a farm about half-a-mile or less from the village. It was a merry meal with quips and jests flying about in choice profusion,and after- wards there yetis more than an hour to spare for the purpose of rambling. Seven o'clock was the time for re-assembling and by a quatter past the hour everybedy was pursuing the home- ward route, which was plsasingly varied by Way of Tat:ou Park and Mere Corner. Warrington was reached soon after nine o'clock and the "Aca emical Outing" was at an eml. Very en- joyable bad it been, and we are pleased to give this testimony to the fait that the Academicians lack nothing in the way of humour, j dlity;or good j fellowship when once they emerge from the sombre shadow of the statle.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Bard was held at the Workhouse Dutton, on Tueoday last. Mr J Stokes presided ,and there were also present Mears R Norman (vice-chairman), T Res nolds, T Lea, T Woods, J D mglas (Runcorn Guardians) ; the Rural Morrie-, Councillors, with Mr George F Ashton (clerk),Mr W E Bough (deputy clerk), and Mx Josenh Cuonah (m.arer.) THE COUNTY RECEIPTS.

I. The County call was for £2,890 76 The Clerk in imated that cue coil was £450 less than the call for the last half-year and £570 less than the corresponding period of last year. The Chairman: Lie a bit of got d news. (Hear, hear.) THE SCH ,OL CHILDREN'S LUNCH. Admiral J mfiP. rry, io subino,tins the Stoup° Own- mittee rep, rt, referred to the question of the School Children's Lurch. It appeared toot the children were provided with two ounces of "s -ed cake," and were in the habit of eating it at school. This had given rise to dissatisfaction amongat the p arents of other children attending the school, at what appeared to be the superior treatment of the Workhouse children. The ' House Committre to avoid the difficulty had decided to supply the dinette° with the" cake," and allow them time to eat it before they went. Several Guardians were for defying the Local Government Board order ogetber. Continuing Admiral Parry referred to the terrible fire at a St,ifford Workhouse of which they had no doubt all heard. Be did not propose to say much ! abut it at present, because the inquest was not over, , but he would brmg it in again, as he believed they would have something to learn from it. Mr. Woodward, whilst admitting it was a pity, that • the children who attended the Dutton School from that ' house should be dotiugniahed from others, whose par- t nts had great difficulty in making both ends meet and who also contributed to the maintenance of the House children, thought there was not one of them who would desire their children to be put to any hardship. (Hear, hear ) Mr Darlington thought the new arrangement was absurd, as the children- had their breakfast at seven o'clock and a lunch at ten minutes pait eight would be ridiculous.

The Chairman consick rd the granting of this lunch to the children would create a feeling of indighation in the country. Hai would not give a child of 14 any seed cake to go to school with. Probably the question bad arisen in London. where children were differently situated to what hey were in the country. Mr A RN Tow' pointed out that the Oildren in the Bongo had their brealci sat at seven o'clock bectuse they had F ever *l dutie4 to fu)lll—oleti as cleaning their dormitories, St,...—bv fore min, eding to school, and had to go until oce Woclock before geAing their dinner. He made that explanation for fear a wrong impression ' would net abroad Thee,ommatec's report was then agreed to.

The Late Rev James Warnock. Mr TS Steel the Bolicitur to the es: of the Rev James Warnock, who was for over 23 years the minister of the Presbyterian Church in Winwick- street, has just recet d a copy of a minute. unani- mously aoiopted by the Synod of the church held at Regent-square Church, bond n, on the 3rd inst. The memorial minute referred to reads as follows: " Ordained to the ministry, in connection With this Church at Viiarringt.to in February, 1877, the Rev James Warnock, M.A., 8.D., pro: ecuted his entire ministry of over 23 years in that cAugrega Ardently devoted to &tidy, fie gave him-elf ts, the companionship of his books The fruit of this patient and loved toil tq,pettred in his conscienti- ,tously prepared and carefully delivered sermons. Of a very retiring disposition he shrank from intruding himself inio general slciety, but among his vwn people, especially in their times of sickness, or . sorrow. he was always attentive. considerate, and tenderly sympathetic. In the public life of the town,he took but a small share, tough as a member of the Free Church Coined and in other respects he rendered services which were highly prized. Both by his own congregation and by the community at large, Ins memory is cherished as tha'.-• of an upright and blameless man, and a humble and consistent Christian. Pis brethren in the Church realize that in him they have lost a brother of singular modesty whose life made continuously for kladues4 and peace."

===== 0002601_19010524_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
I.HE EXAMINEE, FRWAY, MAY 24 1901

Greenwich, which was compi&ely filled by a sorrow- ing cougregation, which largely consisted of wom•n. the S;, ,r,g ,'s Union Jack, with a black weft above and below, tl.ated at half-mast from the Church tower inside, pulpit, choirstalls, reading desk, and organ were' draped with purpn.) and whLe. There was a large atten- dance of tie ueignoowing c!ergy. Tic lessen was read by Canon RAH], a former vicar of tie parish of Christ Church, and the Rev. W A Carroll, vicar of Hickly, in the course of an address, spoke of the SiCrifitie the de- coasd had ma ie in leaving his position to come over to the Courch of E iglaud as h )roic. Lin declared, too, that Mr 11 !army, who had made so many sacrifices in his lifetime, had at last, sacrilic)d his life in wwk that was too heavy for h'in. Ao attempt had been made to get him a less exacting parish, but in God's providence it was not to be. The mourners were deceased's to sons and daughter,and h ) many wreaths incni led last off ,r- -ings from the organizations connected with the church and parish, A loner' sermon will be preached by the Biala ,p of lOutawark at Christ Church on Sun- day. The deceased's funeral card, which states that Mrineaney was born Seetemb ,r 15, 1838, and died Ascension Day, May 16, 1831, contains ale following original lines with .?hich he closed a sermon preached at Warrington it', April, 1873 ; " From God's deeo sea our cup is filled, Our 13,rrts from His wide fields are stored, On roakis that tie bath laid we build, An:t tr,,st the promise of His word. Each used we feel Himself bath made, Our ev.sry want tie doth foresee, On Gel's own Son our help is laid Fr time and v s3t eternity." The card also states that corns of his last words (uttered during the evening of May 12th, 1901) were as follows " I have no fears, sin difficulties, no doubts ; and this not bec,mie of the greatness of ray belief but by reason of its limit. „ . Jesus Christ."

===== 0002601_19010524_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE REV. G. S. REANEY.

'Tribute by the Rev. J. Yonge.

The Roo. John Yonge pal I a fitting tribute to the memory of the late Rev G S Heaney n Sun lay, iii the Course of his meriting sermon at Wcliff Couch. The disc-ore' was based on the text " I must work the woik, of llen (Mat sent in., while it i. day : tee nieht nometh wnen no in.in can work," John ix., 4- verse. Tars ter'. op said, ever gain', d new force from fresh eveet. Only a few weeks aeo did its teachiug come ns wly to hie we heart when his old comrade and trisnd. Urijah 'Femmes, of Bristol, suddenly laid down and died. in he old cellsge days, they had cenopenied togeth le tidied together,prayed in fellowsh,p, me finally a arid for :he work ol life on the very same dss . Nearly of anaete they had both been upheld in the Mister's service, teen he heard the summons and soon departed to nis rest, La t So-day news was brouelet as they were est.erneeng for ceasing that one who in nis early ti ars WAS assecia- ted with Wycliffe, had suddenly ended his career on the other side of the Atlantic. at the COrtlearetively early age of 49. He was at Wychffe Church out a few m tens aeo, on holiday, in full vigour and seemingly with years before him. But a tow brief days ot sharp illness and ha tersetned his last. feat was a message for those of his own age—Peter Shaw," being, dead yet speak em." And last Thursday there came not only to him, but al.se to In any of them, a further reminder that the span of life is brief and that the nieht comes when the work is over. The newts of Mr Rsaney's death, following in a few 11 ours their fi:st intim stion of his illness, would have affected all who knew him, and aff cted with peculiar power, many at Wycliffe who knew him when he was in W athlete°. Knowing how great'y he wig admired, stearnel and even loved by large numbers of his people at Wy cafe— many of whom still remaieed —he was not at all astoni<hed at the deep feeing which his derh had aroused. Nor 1073 S he su•prised at the geserous and gleivinetributes te:bis memory that appeared in the local papers of the:previous day. There could be no q legion that the years of his ministry in Warringtou were wonderfully successful in many ways. He came toVi'ar- rington in the days of his early vigour and freanness,and he came in suscession to an aged minister who retired from AC lee service when he left that ehurch.flis bri.ht- neas an I energy,his inventiveness and wealth of resource, his personal charm in converse and fell° wship,his popu- lar talent, his broad views and tendsr sympathies, his vivacieus baoyancy which captivated the young, added to manifold other gifts, In do him a man of mark and a minister of influence and power. Seidel aa Mr Heaney was by enthuiiastic c.- workers of beth means and in- fluence, he and they ga teree a haul of workere that in those days carried al' before them, Congregationalism speedily helan to live in Warrington where before it had only existed. Soon the stela ml biLlings hal to be en- largsd and then the first Wycliffe Churce had to go under similar extension. Tee numb e. of scholars mul CS:Med with wonderful rapidity, and the congreeetion followed suit, the membership in the church doubled in his day. Speedily it became eviden-, that the enlarged chapel was still inadeqeate to the growing demand. Tto.reepon followe 1 the great erownine work that must over be connected con- sp,cu- usly with his pastorate. Wycliffe Church was resolved upon : erected, opened, and p'rid f ire and the denornina on thereby came in' o possess on of a sanctuary worthy of is traditions, and into a position of nremi- nence and power in the town. His own personal knew- ledges of Mr R anev besets whee first he Caine thersona was larger and closer before he (Mr Yonge) becem his sue-lessor than it had been at any period since. When Mr Raney was at Warriugton and he (Mr Yongs) at Heywood, they were often closely identified in we k for the County Union ,and they met constantly in the frater- nal of the Manchester Congregational Board. He always found Mr Heaney singularly interesting. Ho was ever a large centributor to the brightness and the profitable- ness if any gathering of his brethren. He was earnest in his devotion to his mimicry, and held wile views of the sphere of the true minister's service. Be (Mr Yenge) conceived so high an idea of his gifts and devotedness that very considerable hesitancy to step into his vacant place made him (Mr Yonge) pace' for long ere he ven- tured to do sco; Mr Heaney himself was a very infl cutlet factor in leading him to accept his vacant place, for when the call came to him (Mr Yonge) it was CO Mr Heaney he went for some of the earliest advice, and it was given in a letter which he still preserved and valued. It looked now a long way back to that surnmsr of 1876. made memerable to both himself and that churcn as the time when the call from Wycliffe reached him. Since then Mr Heaney had exercised his ministry in varied surroundings. He had been known to Bay that his happiest years were passed" at Warrington and he (Mr Yonge) supposed it was true that his most loyal and lasting friendships were made and still continued here. Mr Heaney had been is a series of conspicuous positions in Congregationalism, and he made himself a power in them all H bscame especially prominent in the Cone gregational Union for the courageous way in which he befriended the toiling, ill-paid working classes in the East end of London, for his persistent exposure of the starvation way 55 paid to matchmakers ani seamstresses. The " Bitter Cry of Outcast London." entered into his very soul, and he devoted himself without a int to ameliorate social and labour conditions, still largely continued, which were a scandal to Christianity, and a menace ta the welfare and safety of the State. Mr Rowley exposed himself to considerable criticism,and no little ob'equy by that unselfish championship of the weak and nelplese. But, however open to question might have been some of his methods, and deoateable I some of his statements and arguments, no one could doubt the honesty and unselfishness of his spirit and aim. Along that line of social and industrial reform , lay a path of christian enterprise that needed persis• tently to be pursued: Concerning the last ten years of Mr Reaney's career, in which he passed from Co ogrega- Um:trillion to the Anglican E iteblphineat it was not easy to speak. To most or all of his friends it was a mnss regrettable exchange. That he took the sten in loyalty to what he believed right and true, none of them, he hoped, would desire to question. All the same, they regretted it, and many of them felt it to be a matter ths,t they could not comprehend. It could never be easy to explain so complete a reversal of life-long habit of thought, of belief, of practice, and it could hardly be wondered at that its occurrence should have occasioned a criticism that often verged towards censure. That his transference occasioned so much surprise, and awakened so much criticism was a tribute to the worth of his personality. There had been men whe had "gone over" whose departure from Free Church ministry had been only a relief. When M- Heaney left them It was a matter of very wide regret. It was a further tribute to his power that, unlike so many of the few who " passed over," he did not pass out of sight. He made his mark very speedily, even within the pale of the establishment and it had its own degrees of interest that the once Dissenting preacher, who, so largely el helped to give Congregationalism its position here, had stood in the pulpits of St Paul's aed Westminster Abbey. But now, his course was ended,his work was done, his" day" was over. Speaking from that pulpit at his (the preacher's) recognition meeting in December 1876, Mr Heaney referred to Christian work. He spoke in his own racy and characteristic style mingling many earnest csunsels with flashes of genial humour, and also with touches of real pathos. He said how he thought in every Christian Church there should be not only its workfulness, but its rest- fulness, and he said " we must remember that there came with honest toil the afterglow of evening. with sunset light from God and the sound oc evening bells, and after the spring time, and the summer season there came the rest of the harvest, the gathering in and the reaping." Should they not hope that when his evening gathered round him so quickly the other day he had some of that " Sunset lignt from God ? " Be had been an earnest worker, sowing his seed by many waters, ever seeking to live to bless and help aud cheer his fellow-men. Assuredly, he had not lived in vain. There were those in Warrington who blessed God for the good he brought them. In R -ading, Stepney, Man- ceester, Greenwich, there must be very many more. Depend upon it, in those hours when the lights el earth were last fading, and the dawn of heaven was just breaking, his heart would csme upon a sweet and precious rest and peace ttr . YONGE sueeested that the congregation should in- struct him to forward a letter of Sympathy to Mre Heaney and family. The congregation signified their approval of the suggestion by standing. THE FUNERAL.

The reaming of the Rev G. Sale Reaney,at his own (It- sire,werecremated at Woking on Tuesday. The ceremony was precede, the fun-- ' " • ChriatChurch,

For Golf }lash, heat rash, inflammations, itch ings, Irritations, and ettanngs, undue or offensive perspiration, and many sanative uses, nothing is so cooling, purifying, and refreshing as a bath with CUTICUEA SOAP, and gentle anointir with CUTlCllnA,purest of emollient akin cures. sold by all Chemists, price. SOAP, Is., CliwntErtr, 2s. 6d. or, Idotpuot. ot F. NEWIIE,:ir aSONS, London, EC. romu Data AND CUM. c 911.1"., Bole Preps., Boston, U. O. A.

.:. led by the funeral Aervice in ietChui ..........., .4,7,-.......,,,,,,;,;' , .- 1 A a\cts< ---4,e. 'II ....._,_... , ..L...„....,. ...„..,_,„:_,..y. ___-___-__-----_-- . 0------±:f. •, --":1—, ~,,,:--, .-.....,_ ..., f , .. ..t.- 1 . - „pow- • ,1

===== 0002601_19010524_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED OVERLOADING OF A WARRINGrON HORSE.

A Driver Heavily Fined. Notice of Appeal Given. At the 0 ilcine,e Petty Sesdons oil dnlay, Frank Hadley. ester, 96, Lord Nets,' -stree., Warriogton, and Lionel Fairciouvi, Nl.:rsey Four tdiUs, W.rten ton' were siimm mei, the former for overloading a horse on April 18 .to at Crowton, and the latter 1 h causing the same. Mr E Brassey, Chester, rept .seated the S:ciety for the Preventisa at Cruelty to Animals, while the .nterescs of the &tendants were watched by Mr Arthur Browne, 'Narringt Mr Br issey said the first na.ned defendant w*B in the employ of niii4f3 F )ag mand S me, of Warring- ton, sad on tbe date named at 215 p.m. Colonel Las. celies was driving near his re sideac woen ho pose ved Hadley at Halo° Bill, at which point tivre is rising ground for three hundred yards. He saw ttl, min with a horse of sixteen haads attached to wtmitto Was a vehicle con aining elearm sacks of fliur. It was only a twO. W ISCieele.rt, aad there was nst the slightest Joan: that the animal was can kid cooiicier dole pain in h avt ig to draw the load ao the hill after having tray-lied from Warrington. Colonel Laseelles spoke to rho man, who rep del that lie had chaplains," at the offin about th 3 diffilulty exp9richned in getting up the hal. The dis- tance novred by the horse tint morning was f nlrteen miles, and the total weigh: of load and cart was about two tons. 1 C0109:31 Laseelles corroborated the solicitot's opening statement. In his opinion the hose was decidedly overloaded. It only went up the hill four yards at a tiine, when the carter drew it across the road for the purpose of the animal regaining wind. The min said it wee not his fault ; he was only a servant and obliged to carry out ord2rs.—Cross-examieed by Mr Browne : Colonel Lascelles said he was surprised to hear the weight was only 37zwt. lie was not aware that the cars were purposely built for the carrying of the com- modity in mtioned. It was not a light cart nor was it the weight of a fild wagon. A horse with a fair load would not be distressed on going up the hill. A ton he thought was a sufficient load tor an animal to draw up this particular hill. He never asked the ctrter it he gave the horse a rest at the bottom. ut eq,,mess Sew him rest twice up the hill. Ile was not aware that alter a rest of a few ininut a at the top of the bill the horse was as good as ever. Liter in the afternoon witne4s slain saw the animal, and send none the worse. It was in consequence of his informa- tion that those proceedings had been taken. John Wake, coachin an to the last witness, also gave evidence of corrob)ration.—Cros-2ximined : Witness never saw a horse go up the hill with a lair load without stopping to take wind. Inspector Blake Jones, lISPC A, said he visited Warrington on April 251', and saw Hadley in [jail. street, driving the horse and cart in question, when he admitted that the horse was distressed in going no toe hill on the date named, but it generally reoOvered itself at the top, There was no harm in. winding a h -)rse,but two tons were too much after it having come fourteen miles. The horse was in a fair condition when he saw it. Mr Browne, for the defence, urged that it was not really a case of the society, but simply and purely a c vie of Colonel Lascelles, who thought the load was too , much for Rube bill. [he firm was a highly respectable and honoured one, who prided themselves in keeping their horses well fed andlregulated, and one of the chief members of the firm, who had had charge of the horse ; department for thirty-six years, would say that the ' load was not too great. Toe firm sent horses round different parts of the country.and therefore it was to be assumed they knew a road, whether they did or not. It was not to be taken as a criterion that the horses travelled each day twenty-four miles. It was admitted impossible tor a horse, with a fair load, to go up the hill without being winded, and more° nr, it had Omen stated by the prosecution that that could not constitute an offence. Hadley had driven up the hill before, and the mere fact of his stopping once or twice was not evi- dence of oruelty. In conclusion, Mr Browne ueged that there must be the intention of cruelty before they could convict. , Frank Hadley stated that he had been with his vehicle up the bill in qaestion three or four 'lines since February, On the date in question he baited the animal , an hour at a wayside inn,and in going up the bill it was no more distressed than usual. Toe animal always ; worked after a rest.—By Mr Brassey : Ile told the ; Inspector that it was overloaded.—ln taus wer to Captain Higsoa (magistrate) defendant said he had on the usual

load. Alfred Barber, a los.ier at the mills. said from Ilia experience four-ani-a-aalf years with the horses. he had never known one to euffdr threueh the effects of going up Rube hill. Richard Taylor Fairclough observed that %hen he took over the chtirge of sending out horses thirty-six years age, tide maximum load was fourteen saells, and after I a few years he reduced it to thirteen. That was the recognised load, except when they sen to Norlec, in which Case the load was twelve sacks, in consequeace of what the men eaid. Himself and tWo brothers of the firm were justiees of the peace for the borough of War- rington, and they were also groat supporters of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animate. Tney han thirty horses, and of that number two had done the same journey for ten years. It would not pay them to 'my a bad horse, or overload thern.—ln answer to Mr BTeesseheyre,e complainingwitnessspokeeofftrheeceailviienaged overloading, and letters from Colonel u the reason srpeaestownewenhyeetettheifiertmh'esy t rehpereeezehnltai was a particularttive had not vi.ittd fad of the Colonel.—Re examined by DI: wne They (the family) had been in busineis over eighty years, anal there had never been anything before against them. The case against the second named defendant was then gone into. Inspector Jones spoke to the defendant acknowledg- ing that he was responsible for Hadley going this par- ticular journey on April 18th. Hadley and Barber stated that although young Mr Fairclough had made out the order be was not aw re wnither the horse was going, and in fact be was not about when the load left the yard. After a brief consultation in private., Major Wilbra- ham (the chairman) said the magistrates had ch cieed to convict in the case ot Hadley. but the case against M Fairclough they dismissed. They were, however,strenglv at opinion that they would have liked to have fi ed Masrs. Fairclough, if they could hove done, whom hey considered responsible, although Hadley was guilty of cruelty. Repeated warnings hacl'b,,,nri given that it was not fit for one horse to work the hill with the load stated Re was fined 40i and ensrs. and ordered to pay the sot:let) advocates fee (£3 lOs 61 in all). Mr Browne gave notice of appeal.

MESSRS BriUNNER, MOND, AND CO, -_ A Wonderful Balance-Sheet. , On Sunday morning the shareholders et Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co., the great chemical manufac- turers, ulnae works are at VVinningt.m, Sandb ,ch, Silyerton, and elsewhere, received the bilance-ahect, showing a balance to the credit of profit and !ORS mnouot on the working of the year ended on March 31, 1931, of £417,878 Eir 3i, which, with the amount of :E108.447 3 Si brought forward, makes a total of £526,325 9s 7a . Joe directors purpose to deal with the balance as fellows :--Interim half-yearly dividend on tile preference capital at 7 per cr nt. paid on DecembPr 6 it ias', L 27.144 ; dividend now to be paid on preference at 7 per cent. £27,490 ; interim balf-yearly dividend on ' the ordinary capital at 30 per neut. paid on Deaember 6th, £153.797 ; dividend now paid on ordinary shares, makuag 35 per cent' fur the year, £203,282 ; amount to be written off patents account, £2.500 ; amouut to be placed to reserve food, £69,000 ; balance to be carriej torw.rd, £38,130. The Mrecfors who retire by rotation are Mr flolt•nd, Mr zi Mond, Mr Forgan, Mr Scheilhaas and Mr J F L Brunner, all of whom are recommended for re-election. The directors recommended to the shareholders that Mr Roscoe Brainier, barrister-1C.1%w, son of Sir John 1 Brunner, be elected as a director. The company have brought the reserve fund up to £632,910, and the property and aucts of the Ooropany aro oat down at £3,080.393.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
vvARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The Contract for the Farlestown Relief Office.

1 meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board Room at the Worknouse, Warrington, on We inesday muming. Mr A J J ,hey presided and there were also present : Mrs Clay, Rev Father Wilson, 11” v JEL Riddette, Dr Patterson, Dr Murray, Mess William Eliekman, S Davies, TEt Ashcroft, A Jollev, G J Billinge, James Payton, lialf'S Rbmzi, R Forshaw, A Bro)tcs, T Halton, William Efougrion, Backtnuse, Thomas Ritchie, , George Math, r, J W Knowles, E L Bent, wj JO Sutton (clerk), S Sutton, (as Want cterk), C U War: rnast-r), A Wrigh iatendent Padgato School;) Witham Owen (arctlttec:.)

===== 0002601_19010524_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLS COMMITTEE.

At a meetiniz of cm, ennrnee, the Superintendmil took the cnair duritig the election of a chairman. Mr A J Jolley was app Anted chairman and Mr A•heroft vice- chairman. It was decided to allow the Superintendent 14 days holidays and the other resident officers ten days, At a turther meeting on the 214 just, five applications for increase of salaries were received. It was decided that they could not be entertained. _ _

Mr A. J JOLLY moved tne confirmation of the minutes. Mr WILLIAM dOUCHTON seconded and tide minutes were approved.

NEW RELIEF orncEs T EARLE,TOWN:

Mr OWEN pi edueed sealed tenders for the erection of a relief eflice, Sic., at Earlestewn. The Chairman opeled them an announced that five tenders had been receiv .d. It was Vinod that they were as f011,.174 : C Davenp ie.. Warrington, £1916; P.eter Tiek'e. St. H lens. £1 998 ; Thomas Woods, . flelens, .81,761 : Peer Pennington, Aahtoci-•n-Nl•korfieid, £1,754- us ; Fs, zgerald Bros.,Earlestown, LI 852. Mr OWEN said the lowest tender was in excess of his estimate and if the B lard wished he would confer witii the Niwton Relief Committee to see if he could cut it down a little. Mr HILLINGE said the estimate was in excess of what the Newt in Relief Committee wished to spend. There was only a question of saving time. Toe Rev J H Rtionavro moved the acceptance of Nfr naington's tender. He was not an advocate of ex- travagance, he said, but E ,riestown was a r,sic4 place and let them have a suitable HuudsuE ieuiuded and Mr Boat supported the proposition, and it was unanimously carried. Toe CLERK said he was not quite certain whether the Beard would be able to pay for the relief offioes out of revenue. The expenses of the Board were increasirg and he mentioned the ma ter now so that the Board would be prepared to negotiate a loan it it was fund impossible ta nay for the new b gilding; out o? revenue. The CHAIRMA.N 911 the Board had done a great deal out of revenue which might have b a charged to revenue and ha did not think they ought to run any risk of crippling themse!ves simply from a desire to avoid a loan It was a matter which would sand over for a little while. Hs .hould like to express the opinion that they would have no further delay with this work. (Hear. hear.) Mr BILLINGE: Is there a time limit ? Mr OWEN : We shall make a time limit. Mr BILLINGE : Snail we be in possessioa by the first week in September. Mr OWEN : Not quite so Pally as that. The CHAIRMAN t I think it is the wish of the Board that there should be no further delay. Mr OWEN said he wished to knosv whether it was the wish of he Board that the plans Ethou:d be presented for inspection to the Newton Urban Council. The plans had been approveo by a state department and therefore it was not necessary to submit them for approval to a looal authority. Mr RENT moved that the plans he subiniaed to the . Newton Urban Authority for their inspection.

The 11'W JU RIDDETTE : What wii he the cost ? Mr o.voa : Itwon't oost the Board anythirm. Toe RPV J a RIDDETTE seconded, and the proposition was agreed to,

HOUSE COMMITTEE TILE CONTRACT FOE MEAL. At the meeting of the liousl Committee on April 26, the Master was requested to take the chair pro fern and having done so. be asked for the nomination of come member to occupy the chair for the next year. M. A J J Aley proposed and tilr Forshaw sec ended the appAnt- meat of Mr Alfred Brooke for the potition. Th•-•re being no other member nominated he declared Mr Brooks unanimously elected. Mr Brooks then took the chair, Mr George Pilling was elected as vice-chairman. The Medical Officer having nascle a statement with regard to the want of proper accommodation for lunatics. It was resolved that a sub-committee be formed to consist of the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the House Committee together Nith Mr G Pilling and M, Mather to report upon senile scheme of alteration of the old hoep:;.al to make suitable accommodation for these cases. At the meeting on May Ist, the reprt of the sub-com- mittee was suhmttteel, real and approved. • It stated that after visiting the various parts of the existing pre. mises which are used for lunatics and persons of unsound mind, and carefully considering the whole matter, the sub-committee were of opinion that it was no; at pre- sent desirable to incur any expense in structural altera- tions or in the erection of additional buildings. The report then explained that the difficulty could be met by certain re-arrangements of the patients. A letter was read from the two engine tenders, T and F W Br bhin, making an application for an increase of wages, and it was recommended that their wages be increased 4i per week each, making 36 per week each, select to the superannoation reductions. At a meeting on the 10 h May a letter was read from Mr Millwood respe.cting the contract for oatmeal, and it was resolved that Mr !lad- wood be kept to the terms of his six months nentract. It was also resolved that the Sup,nintendent Narse be asked for a written rep art on the general traieieg of the p .obationers, and on the work of each. Also for a sort ,report on the working of the hospital since its opening, with an observations or suggestions she may wish to make. _ _

_ Mr A Ritooas proposed the adoption of the minutes.

Mr Meniza sec- ~n-cled.

Mr S Davin explained that the price of meal had gene up considerably and in cmisequence of the new dietary tables. more meals was required in the Rouse than fnrmerlv.

Mt` KNOWLES contended that if the price of meal had dropvd, there would have been no inclinarioo on the Part of the contrictor to give the Board the ten.fit of it He moved that the contractor be kept to the terms of his contract.

In answer to a question as to how many loads of oat- meal were mentioned on the contract as the probable quantity required, the Clerk replied that the estimated quantity r quired was 33 loads. Mr. WARD, in answer to a question said Mr El allwood had sunpd-d about 30 loads. The Rev J H RIDDETTE did not think they shouli take an undue advantage of the contraotor.

The Board rook a vote on the question and it was decided that the contractor should be kept to the terms of his contract. The minutes were then cenfirmed. TILE AUDIT.

The CLuaa announced that Nlr Jordison had audited the books of the Union and found them correct. In re- cent years they had had several different auditotsowing to the fact that Mr Jnrdison's district was to large,snd Warrington was slipped into the Crewe or Cheater districts. But this year they had again got back into Mr J. dllison's district Mr Jordison was an extrrienced an i very clever man in poor law matters, and he had stated that he was glad to get the Warrington Union back again, for his predecessor Mr flaz'ehurst had always spoken to him of the Warrington Union in very high terms. SPEARS BILL IN PARLIAMENT.

rhe CLERK repu...ed the receipt of a circular letter from the Association of Poor Law Unions to the effect that Mr Spear. M P.. had introdoced certain bilk into Ptellancent On' was entitled " The Infant Life Pro- tection Act 1897 Amendnsant Bill," and the other "The Loco Goverhment Act 1888 Amendment Bill" the B)ard decided to approve ot the last named Bill wliCh proposes that instead of uniona Oats' receiving as the, now do from County Couneti. aq amount qual to the amount they paid in 1888 in rztspect of toe Qalaries,renauti.mtion and suneran,uatiln allowances of the officers of the U don and of district 1.:chools, to which the Union contributes (other than it ,achers in pnot law schools) and in respe t of drugs . . _

and medical-appliance-8.. Ph-ey' shall receive for the five yearn starring fr-im 1902 an annsal sum equal to that which the Lilcal Gwernmeur Board shall c ,rtify was

expended by them- I;l'.respect of such matters, 'and in administeriag the Vaccingtinn Acts during the fintncial year endingsildarch 25-h, 1901, and in every suc:teeding five years a mtrual sum eg 'al to that which the Local G ,VPrnrnunt B ,ard may certify was expended by them in respect of the sb we matters during the year itimedi- atel precedinc the enema .ncement nf snob five years: THE AGRICULTURAL RATES ACT Th CLERK reported the receipt ot £276 10s 31 from the 1,-,c.1 is verntnent Board as grant under the Agri- cuOurst Rates Act, 1596. Thi°ws all the bosinesS.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAIVIES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warringt3n have pot yet had the pleasure of tasting the sweets of vic'ory this season. Up to last Saturday each match played had rerulted in a draw, but on Saturday a complete defeat was sustained. The match was the first engagement played away this season, and the opposing team was N3rthern. The home eleven batted first and had run up a total of 208 or seven wickets, when the closure was appli-d. Warriogton made a poor show, and were all out for 1.14., thus giving Northern the victory by three wickets and 94 runs.

The last pair to bat for ‘Varrington—Sampson and Gibson—made a stubborn &fence .ind there seemed every probability that the match would be saved. -Runs came steadily for three quarters of an hour but ten minutes before the call ot time Hampson failed to ntwo• tiate one of Job's d slivories. It was a rather singular circumstance that both batsmen Jtoorked up an equal number of runs-30 —and they rserve every credit for their fine cEsplay. !lampoon tat four fours, and Gibson five.

To enter into details, the spin of the coin was in favour of Nor hern, who, of course, decided to tske firs: tamale, the wicket. They started in poor style, five wickets being down for 55 runs.

G Holt and W Fraser however, improved matters con. sidetablv. The score qickly riise and though W H Pod- in re, J Gibbon, and J W Bibby had a turn with the ball the batsmen continued to play in grand firm. The cen- tury was ',ached amidst cheers and the partnership had yielded 110 runs before Fraser got his leg in front of a straight one from Gibson retiring for a well played innings of 50, included in which wore tight boundary str keg.

The vacancy was filled by 8 E Job, who after rattling up 4 was neatly caught by Hampson,when the aggregate had reached 122?

The home professional, Shutt came ant,aiad in a fillort space of time the second century was hoisted. When the score had rien to 208, the inriiqgs was declared closed, and llolt being not oet with 77 to his credit, his chief hits included twelve fours.

Warrington's stlrt was worse than that which charac- ter 2. the home team's winnings, B Silcock and Thewlis were the first pair to wield the willow, E Job and Shut sharing the bowling. MS home professional was bowled when only nine runs had been recorded,and five runs later Gibbon who ned the vacancy fell a vic- tim to Job.

B Siieock was taken in the slips at 20, whilst Callon wds well bowled by Job three runs later.

Dr Smith and .1 W Bibby were now partners and b-tween them had augmented the total to 38, when the Warrington Captain was caught.

At 43 Dr Smith was dismissed and thc match E earned .practicaily over. Briggs gave little trmble, but a stir- priaa was in store when Gibson joined Hampson. Fhe score rapidly rose and the Warringtoniano had high hopes that the match would be saved. Profiting by an escape Gibson thrice hit Shutt for four in one over caus- ing 111)mpson to take up the attack. Is was not until ten minutes from the call of time that J b took the ball again and bowhsd Hatnpson with a fine thlivery.

By the small majirity of silt runs, the second &even su^,ceeded in disposing of Northern Cod, the game be- ing splendidly contested. Warrington won the toss and &cid A. to bat first, sending in C R Adamson and R Crompton, against the bowling of Ellsworth and DurattOu. Warrington commenced badly, Crompton being bowled by Durandu, with one run on the board. E P erpoint filled the vacant place, and scored ten be- fore being bowled by a capital ban from Ellsworth.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Tvo mores wickets fell in quick suacession for seven runs the scare then standing at 26 for four wickets.

Duckwotth and Woods pot a losler complexion on the gime, and took the sc,To to 69, when Woods was bowled by Ells worth for a well-played 21. Ellsworth next j Atte i D Ink worth,and they took the score ta 120, when Unsw,rth was towled by Durandu. Duckworth was eighth man out for a well contributed 52, his bits included sEven fours, 0110 three, and four twos. He came in at the critical moment, and undoutedly saved Warrington from defeat.

Northern commenced their inninv; with El!well and Fraser , against the bowling of Crompton and Woods. The first wicket fell at 14. Lloyd came in nest and ran up 13, whan he was out to a brilliant catch by L Fair- e:outh. Verdon qulckly scored 38,crhen he Was bowled by J Thompson. His chief hits were one six, sir fours, I and one three.

Towards the finish the game became very exciting. With the last two men in Northern only requi:ed 13 to win, but D irandu was run out, through trying a short run after scoring 18.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

Lancashire and Cheshire Association. First Round —Club Championship. Warrington North v. Stretford. This tie was played on the greee attached to the hos- telry of the Cemetery Hotel, Harpurhey, on Satur- day. the turf was in fine coalition and the bowling throughout the afternoon reached a high s'audard of excellence. Tee Warringtonians in their opening essays did not fare at all well, and the decisive defeat of E Butterworth was anything but a promising start. Drink water played an exceptional'? fine game, and was practically unbeatable. The hon. secretary of the association, E Taylor, surprised his admirers by the beautiful lengths he delivered in hiCgame with F Charnbers,who is recog- nized as one of the Stretford Champions. The players peeled at the 25th end, but from this point Taylor did not &low his opponent another chance- Another fine game was tnat intween H Williams and 0 Kulow, and the bowlers several times peeled during the progress of the 26 ends, at the close of which the Stretfotd representative had won by two shots. Some of the leeway was made up by T Ellison who defeated 1 J Johnson by five points after leading at one period I of his game by eight points. Thus at the end of the I first four games Warrington were in a minority of I twelve points, T Bolton soon placed a wide margin between himself and his opponent J Twiss, and it looked long odds on the game being called 21 —4 when Twiss was lucky enough to strike and knock out a " block toucher." This opening gave Twiss his opportunity and he ran his score to 15, before Bolton was enabled to call " game " J Ashton made short work of his opponent, R D Lowe, and though the Stretford man 'leered two at the first end he practically never had another chance, and there was more merit in Aehl:on's hollow victory, than appears on the surface, for his bowling was one of tile features of the after- noon. A 3 Jones accounted for his opponent in excellent style, winning by six shots, but a lengthy game between .1 Allison and 3 Valentine re- sulted in favour of the last-named by a single point. With three substantial a ins in the second quartette the Warringroniana now had a lead of seventeen points. The issue was however, in the balance when G Ball early succumbed to J Whitehead by eleven shots, but this deficit was counterbalanced when T Bridge settled the pretensions et J Hamlet in summary manner by ten points. R Anderton made a plulky fight with S Alsopp but suffered defeat by four shots but J Harrison after being in arrear in his game with b Wigglesworth secured the sack and taking his opponent on a tickle mark scored a highly meritorious victory. It will be seen that the Warringtonians won seven games out of the twelve played and the victory is highly encouraging in view of the gre,t interest tam its this year's competition. Score: w A RRLNGTON NORTH. STRETFORD. B Butterworth... 14 Taylor 2l B Chambers H Williams T Ellison T Bolton 2l 7 Twists J Ashton 2l RI) Lowe A J Jones 2l 70 Johnstone l5 J Allison G Ball lO J Whitehead 2l T Bridge 2l J Hamlet R Anderton J Harrison 2l D Wiggleswortb s. 16

215 2,0 Majority for Warrington 15 Second Round. NEWTON-LE-WILLO S v. LO ER BROUGETCN.

Playrd Ar W,g4n oa Satu.day. Score : NEwToX. LOWER BrIOO9HTON. J Williamson G MaCormicx 3 11icalrmick l7 A Chappell Hlt olderoft AOl ,ugh 2l D Livesle. , ll J Liptrott T Fairclongh 2) J lidattineon 3 Bennett 2l W Smith :6 T Gorse 11 Lennox 1W Ifitirelough 2l W Fielding 9 i J Cameron . 21 U Fielding l6

Total 240 Tatal Bl Majority for Newton 59.

ELA9TIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS, &C.—For Varrocse Vein and all cases of Weakness and bwelling of the Legs, sprains &C ; they are porous, light in texture. ,ind inexpensive, and are drawn ol like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 641. 7s 6d. and 10s 6d each —Postsces free.— WRITE AND WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Trues Makers, 93, Routbaw op el Bold-street, Liverpool.—

===== 0002601_19010524_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
If you Want to Win

£1;000

SEE THIS WEEK'S

FAMILY 111ERA.7.41)6

NOW OUT.

PRICE id.

PERMANENTLY ENLARGED.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bold-street Wesleyan, Band got Hope.

The 1331d.3rreet ileyan Band of flop 3 choir gave the service of song entitled " Won by a Gipsy," in the Ellesmere-street Wesleyan M.siion Room on Monday evening There was a good attendance.ln the unavoidable absenco of Mr Waher Brougb, Mr R A Naylor kindly undertook the position of chairmen in addition to giving the connective readings. The choir acquitted them- selves in a manner which did crf dit to Mrs Sander, who accompanied on the pane in her usual plea,ing manner. Special note might be made of the 6009, fkli. by Mrs Moore, Mias Wilso and M;sa Chharne,aud toe qutrtette hy Mrs More, Miss Wils in, Mr Berry. and Mr [fatal. Toe proceeds were in aid of the furnisning fund.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Golborne-street Baptist Sunday School.

The anniversary services in connection with the Golborne-rreet Baptist Sunday school were held on Sunday, the preacher being Mr Alfred Corney. At the morning vrvice r Gornty deliverrd a short address to the children, his su'd ct bQing : " The daisy." lo the afternoon a children', ssrvice was held, the chair being occupied by Mr E Pickava.,ce, who, in his addres;, gave an iuto es in hist sty of the Baptist Church from its foundation. Mrs Si npson Mad d-Lvered an aidress, based upon " Pictures." Special hymns, Sze., were rendered ny the cmldren, and tne callecdons for the day amounted to over £l2. •

Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Sunday School Anniversary. . This annual event took place on Sunday, and case quite as successful as any which has preceded it. The services of the Rev. J Grang- Bennett, the popular iiresleyan evangelist, were again rrvisitioned, and his earnest and powerful diseourses macie. a deep impres siou. The eio. Mug service was couducted in the chapel when there wae a crowded congregation, and the collec- tion afterwards tiken up showed an advance upon the previ.ms year. The afternoon and evening servivs were held in Parr Rail. The school children:were accommodated on the platform, and the bright dresses of the feminine portion neigtvened the effect of a pleasing ensemble. Toe hearty &Tieing of the th3ruse4 by the schalars was a feature of the p, ocaedings, arid reflected credit upon the conductor (Conacillo: W though) aid all concerned. " Count your..blesaings "—a chorus recently introduced linto this county by the Cnristian Endeavourers of ' America during a visit here—was a great favourite, and was sung at both services. Toe accampaniments were provided by aem ill orceestral band, in addition to the organ and plane. The whole were under the con +unior. ship of Councillor Brough. Es son, Mr T though, pre,ided at the organ,and Mr E Wrlltes AL C M, at the piano. Mr R A Naylor prcsiled over the afternoon proceedings, and in the course of an address, said it wag . a great satisfaction ta those connected with Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chap -I to see such a large number assembled together, but he was sure all priFeent had been compensated by the beautiful singing they had already heard. Tao Chairman proceeded to base an appropriate sddre,s upoo a queration from Shakespeare "If you fight agaiust enemies, God will in justice guard y uas his &Metiers." He saowed ho w this was exemplified in the lives of Elisha, Moses, Daniel, Nehe- miah and John Wesley, aid contrasted it with tile treat ment of our soldiers. When the present war was over he said, they would see many maimed soldiers of this country unable to provide themselves with the neces- saries of life. It was a bad recompense, it was a poor reward for men who had risked their lives for their country, Thche woo were fighting God's e3emics might rest in the assurance that God would guard over them 'led never desert them. Madame Conway who had been announced as a solo at was unable to be present owing to indisp,sition. Mrs WII Cotterill's flue contralto voice was heard to advantage in the solos " I gave my life for the," and " Eetreat me not to leave thee," and at the evening service she also sang "Just as lam." The Sankey United M.lO Choir, under the conductonhip of Mr T Broug,h gave a vary creditable renderingbf the "Hallelujah" Chorus and "Comrades song of hope." The Rev Theodore Bishop (Wesleyan Sup,rintendent) moved the following resolution :—‘i That this congregation in the Parr Hall on Sunday afternoon, May 19th, heartily approves of the Sale of D ink to Children's Bill now before Parliament which prohibits the sale of intoxicat- ing liquors to young people under the age of 16 years.' He considered 16 years of age quite young enough. If be had his way be would raise it from 16 to 66. Then th y would have a sober country. That afternoon as he walked from Latchford he saw several young childrea carrying jags. It was sometimes said that these children were carrying milk. (Laughter). He had a peep in the jug and he saw that it was the

wrong colour for milk and moreover he could smell that it was beer. (Laughter ) Was it possible that these young girls whom they saw carrying it got to like the taste of beer? They became accustomed to it and when they grew up many of them were unable togive it U. Ha would ask them to protect the children,uand if they passed the resolution he hal proposed it would strengthen the hands of thos, WhO had tbe mem: ure in hand, lie was told that in Manchester alone "the trale " was employing 200 persons at five shillings a day—that was £5O a day—in getting up petitions against the Sale of Dtink to Children's Bill. Tnat was a strong argument why people who were in favour of the , Bill should do their level best to carry it.—C)ancillor Brough seconded the resoluton waicti was unanimously carried. The evening service was especially well attended, the seating capacity of the hall b.iug taxed Co its utmost ex- tent. An impressive sermon was preached by Mr B nnett, the autl-ct of bis disc iurse being " Soatched from out of the fire," A collection was tak nd at each service for the Sunday school funds. At the afzernoon

service, the co.lection plates were taken round by the Itches and at night by nanolh-r4 of the sterner set. The am3unt collected wag £39 19- 21. WARRINGTON. • Singular Accident in Platt-street. _

A singular acadent occurred in Platt-strest about 6 p.m. on Tuesday. A b sy, named Bernard Kenny, eleven years of age, son of Mr Edward Kenny, Carlisle-street, was standing close to Some houses when the iron piping became detached and fell, striking the lad and knocking him down. He was taken to Dr Peacock house and afterwards to the lf,fi.mary. where he was detained as an in-patient. He was suffering from severe injeries to the head.. General Buller at sank Quay Station Very few Warfig .on people were aware that at 13.30 on Tues lay evening, General Sir Redvers Buller and Lady Biller pa-sed through Bank Quay Station on their way to riit Lord Gerrard at Gars- wood Hall. rne train conveying the distinguished travellers remained ie the etatios for about a quarter of an hoar. Not many people were on the platform at ths time and there was no demonstra- MO. TIMMS BRAUTY AND WHAR in every pair or Mr TAXL9II:I4 WONDEnFLTL Mounted Infantry Parade. Another parade o, tut) mounted Infantry Com- pany attached to the local Volunteer Battalion,took place on Sti,urday afternoon. About6o members of the section assembled at the Riding School in Arpley-street at 3 o'clock, and shortly afterwards, under the direction of Captain G R Crosfield and Lieutenant P N Avery, they set out, for a march into the country. About a couple of miies beyond Stratton Church the Company practised in mount- ing and dismounting in a meadow, and although this was the first occasion on which the new saddlery was used, end the riff .s and bayonets were brought our, the manceivres were satisfactorily pelformed, eo MUCN SJ as to subsequently win a warm compliment from Captain Crosfield. The• usual mounted infantry drill followed, afrer which the men sure I for the Drill Hall, which was reached at eight o'clock.

CLARKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the baca. Free from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4a. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent MeticJoe Vendors through - oat the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Advt.

FLORZLIYE I—YOR rile IKETBI AND BREATII.• -Mol'o2gby cleanses the teeth from all paraeltes or impurities, harden gums, pron to tartar. stops decay, and girds to the teeth a peculiar cearlv whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the treatb. Price ?.s. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per 3ar for the Florilin Powder," of all Chemists and Pert timers.— Ada

VALUABLE DIS JOVEBY FOR TEE riAllt. —lf your hair is turning grey orwhite a falling off we the tdsziciw HAIN gENENrEn, Mr It will positively restore in every case, grey or whlte hair to its original colour. ft makes the hair charmingly beautif ui, es we les pron3Qlag the growth, price 35 64 per bottle.—Aci sP

, • ~cl. .r‘k X t4y.

•

===== 0002601_19010524_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . , . , . . ' , • • :. , • . , , , , , . i , 1 ~ • . .: ' i • 4 - 1 .1 I r . • ... .. . ' ' 1 , 1 4 • „ . .. .. , . . , .. ~.. ' 1 1 i 11 • V . .

===== 0002601_19010524_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe "C;anuner "

T" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE BXAMIXEB." pubdshed every Saturday morning, T" EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMI NEB, published every Friday afternoon. 'THE "ST. HELENS Essmitan," published every Friday afternoon. THE " RuNcorm ExisrmEß," published every Friday morning.

T" !DEEP EXAMINER?' published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 El 56 ls. 01. ... Es. 6d. ... 41. Od. 4.5 Is. 61. ... 3e. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
nomestfr elptrbantg, etc

WANTBD smart HOUSHMAID —Mrs BOND, Bink ,Honse. Adlington. sear Chorley.

,NTBD, good GRNBRAL SHRVANT.—AppIy CLARENCE HoTEL. Wallgste Wigan.

WANTED a Young GENERAL SERVANT.—Mrs SCOTT. 29. Stanley-street,Cheetham. Mancheater.

wARVID BXPERIIINCIID General SICRVANT —Mn DElVllllR,T,Edenfield,Victorla-road,Futwood,Preaton.

lA/ INTBD GOOD General riltuV9.l,lr ; Protestant.— Apply GRANGE FAxm, Ince Blundell, near Liverpool

turINTBD a GBNURAL RURVANT,atie to wash andiron. VT k —App!y Mrs J. SIIIVB mow 15 Swin'ey-lans. Wigan

WANT BD. gold MINER at with references ; good home y and wages.—Mn. trI4IIWORTH, 68, Dickson-road, Blackixsol.

-j

_ HOI33IIMAID, 3 in family • 4 qc.rv.into kept. TV £lB also girl as kitcheumaid, £L2. JCCAES. Bank-st, Warrregton.

WANTED (i78311R-AL, for small family ; no children; no washing ; good home and wages ottared.-66.Ba1DGE- rimier, Chester.

VILANTRD. GIRL SIIRVANT ; good as to suit- VV" able person.—apply Mrs. Jaorcson. 73. Poulton street. Kirkh tm.

ANTBD good COOK-GBOBRAL; three in family; nurse- -7 housemaid kept.—Mrs J. WAGSTAFFE, 32 Noe-lane nouttiport

A POOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT write or call to Mla4 HARRISON. 6. Oldham-3treet, Elan- chestet. Establiefied 1861

IAjANTED RESPECTABLE BRENTA!? 2 GLRL.—Apply VV, ton c@ to MRS A Fon. Chindle,rs' Arms, No. 20, 11 Union-street, Elackburn. W—..AtiTuD GENERAL SERVANT, for small house and 4 family ; state age, wage, and reference.--SEURPLES. Rydol Mount, Dukinbad. virANTED good GENERAL SERVANT. able to wash and Vt.? do plain cooking ; references required.—Apply RAM: ws.4INN, Wallgate, WI an.

,11/11:11ll good bigNISHAL SHRVANT, 1 to ; tamity of four (adults); help given.—Mrs. CLEPHAN. 99, Diedemson-street West, Wigan.

,ASTRD a Good Ezperienced Sit/tVANT, good wages 4.1 to suitable person—Apply lins DUE KW:II2TH, Station Hap, Cburon, near Accrington.

WCANTHD COOK and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS. Wages Tl 5 n) and BM—Goyim!, Beechwood, Edge-lane, Chcllton-cum-Hardy. Manchester. • WANTBD RBSPECTABLB GIRL as general: family small, no children.—Apply to Mrs BRCHEISHAR, Citron Lea, Burscough Junctlon,Lathom.

NitANTED, GENERALS and GIRLS. best plaess ; excel- lent waies. —Call or write to Bliss HARRISON, ts, 0141 am-street. Blanchester. Established 1862.

IV ANTED. experienced COOK-GISNMIAL for June V family two; district, Heaton Mersey. —Apply Miss Wassirrs,Fe, Holmacre. Park Crescent. Sonthport.

14/ ANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT, for theatrical family; light work ; no children —With references, dc,:---Mr. ..Heamaxis, 58. Church-street. Bolton. Lancluihire. ~,esis7 WA.NTuD. COOKS, HOuREMAIGa. WAll.lths.afiS, fbr i,- Manchester; excellent wages ; call or write to Miss a Aktßigos, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 186?. " WANTED COOKS, Housemaids. House Waitress. Nurses. Young Girls. Useful uelps : good wages; fares paid. —BOTTOMLFY'S IskolsTay Morley-street. Bradfmd.Yorkshire.

XPERIBNCHD M ale and Female NURSES at a Ls moment's notice Or all cases.—epply NITRBF9 INSTIrV- TION, 70, elope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 576. Tel.graphlc Address" Nurses."

WANTED. Good GENERAL ;one fond of children pre- ferred ; no washing; 6s per week; middle-aged person preferred.—Hooime, 16, Milton-place, Junction- street, Astiton-under-Lyne.

WANTUD, Respectable Trustworthy PBRSON, about 27, accustomed to housework, plain cooking, Protestant, abstainer, two in family, good references.—By letter, Dictums Cox. 37, Bedford-road, Rook Ferry.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

mpLIITISD diSCOND-HAND TELICYCLit. Mind be in good conditton.—Apply LoNosErisv, 94. Folls-lane. Warringtou.

tvANTH VOLUN VARY ORGANIST. for hlethodiat Free Church. Buckley-street.—Particulars. write to 95, DALLIM-LASE, Warrington.

WAN I'BD A FARM MAN, used to borne', good milker, references requirmi : must sleep out.—LITTLE HOLCOMBE FARM. kliirittlOttOM.

WANTED, an APPRENTICE to the Printing Trade; wages 4s. a week; also an Errand Boy.—Apply "BlA3ttaza ' Oritcs. Warrington.

WAR NERDALB wanted, dated 1843, a given; also Are le, Red River, Picket, A.,bara, Matabele, fdashoaa Fenian Raid, &c.—Major Twine, Mitt 'rich. MIANDIC DRAPRRY.—Wanted two YOUNG LADIRS. to X live out, apply personaly —ALvaED G HUGHES, Draper, Chorlton-eism-Naray, Manchester.

BRICKLAYERS Wanted at once. Good men only need apply. 91 per hour. long job.—Apply W Moss I boNe, Contractors Office. New Workhouse, Wolverhampton.

WAR MEDALS WANTED thted 1848. or earlier £2 given; mho Fenim }laid, Arctic Red River, Firket Atbara,rdashona, tdatnbele, act.—bleJoß Tomas, Droltwieb.

WICO w•n orout HOICSICS weekly. or fcreign trede ; warranted to be destroyed ; price from El to •EL —NV ILL LIM DRANSVIELD, Hat and Yeather Hotel,Oldhani. _ TTNOWSLISIMIOAD British Sebool. St. Helens. Applies- tions invited for post of Head Mistress of air's' ohoot. *Lary £B3 per annuni.—Apply to A. C. VILICINGTON. Grove- street. t. Helens.

AONNT WANTHD to thoroughly work the district with Chromo Showcards, Novelties, &c . splendid .Opportunity to gentlemen known on groonds ; liberal terms. —Apply DILXZ & Co., LTD., Nottingham. WANTED young LADY as mother's help, good needle- woman ; thoroughly domeeticated El 2 to 214, three children. servult kept. no teaching.— LoYELL Beeehwooci. Edge-lane Choriton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

REQUIRI,D. A GIiNTLEMAN having a first-class connee- ti ,n aria hoW calling upon Grocers. Stores, &c., in Sr Helens and district to represent a Lorhion }louse onring • a proprietory article having a re icly sales. which is excensirely advertised. Send lull particulars in first letter to Box 347, Advertising Offices, Fleet-street, London.

CANITARY INSP PS ICCTORSHI salaries fI.CIO to £250, numerous vacancies. Postal Oc,urbe ot Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and Manchester mums. ; previous experience unnecessary • over 200 successful candidatea, ladies doBERT MUSHENS, einitary 301ence. Teacher. Sunderland. Naive paper.

-- §piorko, ZUVIlt55e5. ett.

- s' KIRBY.--Splendid Bread and Conffctionery Bustuess, to be r,uid.—HAßeis. Somerset Cafe, Banks- roai.

101 ALB rod Confectionery and Sm•llware buaineoa. in Warringum—Apply Bolt I. lotaatittEn .01Fidna, Wart, gtOn.

FItIED Fish Chip Potatoes and Tripe business to be Bold hest slier, in balford, no ops °laden, 4 pan range on the _newest trinclple ; trade learnt. no Agent need appLy—Apply 46 U.OE.ST-ROAD, Salford. Manchester.

LJritibitt main e AtiSIGNMENT.—CONFBOTIONSBY BUSINIMS tor dist:KAM ; main thoroughfare in Sow('lon ; rent of premires £.56 per annurn.—For further particulars apply to the Trustee. /dr W U eliAl3P, Incorpor- ated Accountant. 99, MarUet-strret. Malehester.

ABASDON ALL UNNKCAbAIIY ThOUBLE ANL' EXPENSE BY FltisT CONSULTING / RYDER LLOYD AND (JO., BUbINESi BROKtRS AND VALUERS, WITH 111-9PECT TO ANY KIND OP BUSINKS6 YOU MAY .DESIRE To PUSICHASE OR SELL BUYERS SUITED FREE • QUICK SALES AT MODSEATe & FIXED • OHAtititss; NO CHARON To SELLERS UNLESS 'BUSINESS RESULTS ; PARTNERSHIPS A.RHANLIED ; TRLI.DR STOCKS PURCHASRD FoR CAsH, VALUATIONS MADE.—C.ALL, WRITE Oh TELEPHONE, CIC9. RIDER LLOYD AND CO., mATA.BusakD 1337. 21A, OLD HAYMARKET. Opposite It ANCHESTNIt STRNET, COMA' 001.

llottlo,3l4pbroc;, 3Seartring eistabo.

CIOLWYR B&Y.—Graham Boarding Establishment HAWARDEN-ROAD. Terms 4s. 6d. per day, or apart- ments (reasonable.) sear Pavilion. Cycle accommodation

apartmtnto,lfarniOND 3Potigts, tit t

pIACKPOOL.—Mrs awl Miss COTTON. 90 Palative-road.off Central Drive. APARTMENTS with or without board piano.

TO LET. Famished Mouse, from middle of May for two montbs.--Apply. X ism Kamm Craig Mount. Peel. Isle of Man.

iviLOHIWAMBH.—APARTMENTS : Delightfully situated, overlooking the beach ; with or without board —lO, MARINE PARADE.

ORBOAMBH, Superior APAR I IitENT4, or Board, Sea 1 View', Special lernl9 for May and JuIIe.—RoCKLEA, Park-street. Bare.

LLANOORD, near Beaumaris.—Three BEDROOMS and one Sitting Room ; good sea and mountain vie vr.--tt JONES. Lyn Llidiart.

SOUTHPORT very comfortable and homely apartments, good cooking and attendance —d.ddress Misses BANKES, 42 Sout hhank-road.

Bo°°°LACKPOOL.—Comfortable, Homely APAHTMECNTS.— 0, bliss Ducxwee.ra, Ossett House, 26, Vance-road, test Central Station ;

MORECAMBIL—KRE. BELL, Fernidll, 63. Alexandra- rosd, W.B. Cheerful Apartments ; public and private sitting-rooms ; near sea.l BLACKPOOL—Mrs. OWEN, Bew.ey House, L^rd-street, North Shore. Close to station. Trams, and Sea. (Late •of Bewsey-road, Warrir.gton. A PARTBIENTS.—Bvery convenience, comfort and atten- tion for a gentleman or two friend.—Box 21, "Exsminer Office," Wariington.

OLACKPOOL. Select Central APAUTtdBPITS; one minote ooly from sea:—MlS S MotitSTVElr.l7, Warbreck- blorth Shore. Board optional. 9'owYN-ON-58A —Comfortaate Apartments, close to the JL beach. Ten minutes walk from the Station. MR3 PHILLIPd 1, Neptune Villa, Towyn.

BLACKPOOL.—VIntors will find Comfortable Aecommo- dation at airs LECeI, 12, itydal-terrace, Central-road, near Central tation ; piano ; terms moderate.

ILEKTHORPHS.--MIsS SIMPSON from Manchester. N-./ Comfortable Apartments. close to sea and golf Halm- -39. ROWSTON-KREET.

-1. LAND UD NO JUNCTION APART MINTS. Cent r 1 _LA Conway, Llandudno Colwyn Bay, Blaenau restioniog, Bettveys Coed, near statloit.—MßS JONES. WWI Aaron.

DOUGLAS.—Borton Come, 6, Clarence-terrace, Central Promenade Peeing the sea; tea. bed and breakfast, 5.1 6cl. Private sitting mom, bliss CORLETT, Proprietres%

Co bt ter.

TO LIST good HO USN in Derby-street. rent 4a 6d.—Apply 1. W OODS end Sox, noliettors. Horsemarket-street w n rrington.

To Let.—LARGEt ROOM, Orford.stteet ; rent £20.- 1. A ply WOODS & boll, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warrivoou.

r °OK-OP SHOP TO LET Mutilate, suit Butcher. OTOCG Li rent 4e per swetk clear.--Apply. JOSEPH 3 GAB LAND. Ericlge-street Warringtcn.

TO LKT. fi EARLS and COACH-110MM with lofts °vol. large yard attached cif Tannera-htue.—App 7 W 001,3 sos.oitelWfP. 65. Horioerearket-atreet. Warrington•

INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS) CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, EXAMINEE PRINTING W on%

Winn EDWAIIDEI. Colley Poultry Farm, Durolev, Gloccestersblre, for pure-bred Fowls, Eggs, newly hatched Chicks

HANDS(•3III DEERS LENGTH, black corded silk: pledged, s aor Hie& voucher 56.—Hammor.m. 10, Cambridge-road, B.

F you want Engines, Boilers. Lathes, Saw —Benches and other Tools. send for Circular BrurrAgtA Co. Colchester Cash or Hire-Purchase.

AMATFUR PHOTOGRAPHBHS' Developing. Printing. Enl,.vging. Copying. &c. Lid free.—HENeos & Co.. Photo Works, Vottingharn.

TINSINIANCII QUOTATION ASSOCIATION. 23, GUAR. DIANR BUILDINGS, Manchester. Lowest rates,' 'leading oftic.s, rates free, all insurances.

CICKRIC BATS—Men'e rubber handle 34 3d each, soiled but unuBed.-788 OLD KENT-ROAD. London

eIItICKKT.-10 First Class well-seasoned bats Less than lj half price ; must be sold, tis each, or 15s for two carriage paid.—A tilmmove. 39. Victoria-street, S.W.

IBESIT t' —Surplus fat efficiently reduoed. Bend stamped envelope.—Mr TAM 19 Altreton.road, Nottingham. 11)Il EnFITABLB GOOds.—dewellery, Hardware, Bedsteads. Furniture. Clocks. Wholesale Illustrated Oatalogue fres.—EF.FIRITOE On., (102) Birmingham, Established 1878.

• BANDaST GIFT ver offered, real velvet pile Brussels • Mearthrugs 571 n x24ln, Es 64 ; 741 n x 36 in 4s; Carriage Free.—Mitavna WARD,MRnufactarers,Rosebank-street.DundA

VOR BEST SELECTION AND UTMOST VALUE. P,TT3'e, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just pest Station, through Hailway Arch) ; ALSO AT pirrs'S, PANTHEON, GAY THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station).

THE FAR FAMED GENRRAL FURNISHERS. PATBONIBBD BY ROY&LIY, NOBILITY, &c.

pITTS'S TRENOWNKD HOUSES OF FURISI- A TURN at 151, 22i, 28, 381, 60, 75. 100. 200, up to 1.000 guineas are renowned tor superlative excellence and thorough durability. They challenge the most critical judgment Their MARVELLOUS VALUE is simply astounding. It is the bounden duty of everyone to see them be ore deciding, as connoisseurs unsolder each is honestly worth DOUBLII the price asked Poll particulars and ILLUoTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs priced, post free Cash price only quoted. Deferred payments arranged suiting COR v en i en ee.

PiTTS'S COMPLETN HOU:IE OF FURNITURE • for 224 guineas, equal to what extensive City firms charge £43 tor, oontsii.s artistic SITTING ROOM SUITE in Leather. cOnsisting of tasteful Couch or Sofa, pair of Easy Chairs and a set of small Chairs, subdantial Dining Table. carpet or Flooroloth, nice design Hearthrutr, Brass Bar Fender and set of Brasses, Cornice Pole and pair of Curtains. KITCHEN has strong Dresser and set of Chairs, Rocking and Amu Chairs Bound. Square, or Fall ' Leaf 'I able, Fender, Firelrons Floorcloth and Rug, BEDROOM.—Serviceable Suite, polished or enamelled Cane Chars. Towel Rail, Toilet S, rvice, strong full size Bedstead. Wire Spring Mattress, Overlay, Bolsters and two Pillo,s Carpet or Flooreloth. and Fender. HALL STAIRS, ana LANDVIG.—Carpet. Floorcloth. Stair Rods and Eyes, Brass Door Piste, Cocoa sad Door Mats. Really splendid value.

PITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.-DINING - ROOM SUITB, c.wered with real leather, comprising Couch, pair of v.Cas y Chairs, and six Single Chairs. Side- beard. extending Dining Table, Overmantel, Brass Fender, Braes and large carpet ; complete for 201 guineas, worth SO guineas. MORNING ROOM SUITE in real Saddlebags, mounted with rich Utrecht Velvet, comprising luxulioua Couch, pair of Easy Chairs and set of small Chairs, extend- ing Table, Hdeboard. 0 vermantels. Carpet. Fender, and Brasses ; complete for 25 guineas, worth 60 guineas. , DRAW iNG ,0061 SUITB, In inlaid Rosewood, upholstered with,, most ea.....nsive covering. beautiful Cabinet to match, Stied with Gupta) ads, Shelve+, Bevelled Glass, &a. ; sp'endid Oyermanttl, with numerous Bevelled Glasses ; 1;w/elope Card Table, Wine Tables, all forming a really superb Suite, packed and delivered for 50 guineas, well worth £lOl lhere is also the large Turkey Carpet, Ax- minster and Skin Itugs. solid Brass Fender. Planotorts by Yerard BEDROOM SUITE, in American Walunt,comprises large Wardrobe fitted with every convemeuce ; pair of elaborate 'Toilet Tables, Bevelled Glasses Mathie Slab, Tiled Back, &c; three Chairs. Towel Hail. and Pedestal Cupboards being a really grand Suite ; comolet i for 22 guineas, worth 60 guineas. Other Bedroom Suites in Rosewood. Satinwcod, American Ash and painted goods will be cleared at less than half re,,ular prices,

DITTS'S BEDSTEAD & BEDDlNG.—Largest A and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices hare chance far cheap ltns. tic not miss theca.

PITT-'S CARP6TS & FLOOR COVKRINGs._ Grand bibptay. .9)1 British makes. choicest designs many of wh cl ich exusive ; exquisitely blended colourings: Laid and Fitted Free of Charge.

P 1T TS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, B.,SSIINE TTES, Mail Carte, Lamps, China Glass, Bartheaware, Table inniards, Bagatelle. Magnificent selection.

ITTS'i RELIABLE CYCLES.—Splendid selec- tion of Nivr High-Grade Makes. livery Machine and ape guaranteed. Any tyre fitted. Exceptionally low cash prices. Easy Payments arranged.

TIOITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. —livery Deacription of Bookcsses, Becretatrea, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Copying Presses, at about Half City Prices. Inspection will verify.

QAM u E L PITT S, MANCIIESTER, LONDOW-ROAD (Ardwick and Longelght Cats), GAYTlffini (All City-road Cara pan door). E.atabllalled 1343, National Telephone 3,124.

cm tootiltrv, &t.

itlp

0 4EAT CYCLE SALE.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
S -

s

?El,r;

" „ ,144

*_` *-

4

===== 0002601_19010524_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
1,000 CYCLES MUST BE SOLD REGARDLESS

OF COST, NO REASONABLE OFFER

RBFIJBED, BY

HARDIE LIMITED.

BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

182, GRANGE-ROAD, BIRKENHEAD AND

118, BRIGHTON-STREET, SEACOMB E.

NEW CYCLES

FROM .25 Os. OD.

liVii.tY MACHINE GUARANTEED.

TNIVB doITY SUHOOL. SOUrfIPOILT.—A roost Sumas ful Boarding eichool for Boys. T ISHERWOOD. M.A.. LL D., D.O.L.

arrtagefS. at.

116 IE BSS !RAP In Excellent Condition. ebeap.—Apply .1./ 31. riTACKTON-ROAD. ()bur lt011•CUM. [lardy. Manchester.

ÜBALA, good HANt., VAN,nesrly new; suit confectioner —Apply 179, WALTHEW LANE, Platt bridge, near Wigan, SiNBRAL lets of tiecond-hand Harness, also Pair Ho/,e and Fuur-'n-liand.—J. BAIISZER, baddler, 23, Higher hanarn. Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREATEST CHANCE OF A LIFETIME

TO RECURS A BARGAIN.

PLATING. ENAMBLLING. AND ALL KINDS

OF BBPAISS DOSS ON THE PRBMI3BS.

lllicAtt d for titre • vet pr vicek. Handcarts new and second hand for aale.—JitatisTed 76, Park-road, and 38, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool, Telephone 251, Toateth.

Ilium.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, Sze., BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANALYSIS—NT TROGEN II TO 211., AMMONIA 2 To 3. PHOSPHATES PRICE £2 158. PER TON.

At Yard or Free on Rana. Bags Free. bs. PBS TON DISCOUNT FON CASH. Compare the price and analysis with other manures. The Manure Is sent out in dry friable condition to ensure even distribution anfl little labour In sowing, and is free from any objectionable smell. After last Season's most satisfactory reports from cue tomer* I have every confidenoe of again clearing out all my Stook and will be glad to receive Orders Early.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MA NUR E • MANUFACTURER. ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. SLAROMTER YARD, LORGEORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEpacniz No. 222.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORODYNB. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE.

CFlLaori-iNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful ,and valuable remedy ever di. covered.

OHLORODYNE is tbe hest remedy known for Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. OIILORODYN E • effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, CruuP. Lame. (I.IILORODYNE acts like a cbarm in Diarrhcea 5...) and is the only specific In Cholerasud Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. (IHLOHODYNg is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, do. From Dr. B. J. BoULTOR AND CO., Horne:retie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon It as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodio. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from. whatever cause. It Induce. a feeling ct comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives; that It leave, no unpleasant after ' effects. • " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's ir.ionsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CliLoß)- DYNR."—See Lancet, let December. 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIKACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Obvinoblior slr if. Faox WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BDoWitE wftl. onioubtedly, the Inventor jl "0 HIDRODYNEI and that the story of the defendant FIVZEILLN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Zimes, 13th July, 1884. Sold in bottles at is. P.a. 9d., and 4s. 64. none Is genuine without the words DR. J. COLLIS BROWSE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm Lug Idedlc..l testi%cny accompulas each bottle

SPRING CLEANING rIOMPETITION-

LIOWILL BE GIVEN MR THE BIM SIX VERSES ON SPRING CLEANING. IN THE STYLE OF ITHE WELL- KNOWN POEM, y .111. Y MOTHER,"

Introducing tbenanses of one or more of articles named on this bill.

The £lO will be divided into

ONE PRIZE OF £3, ONE PRIZE OF £2,

AND 10 PRIZES OF 10s. EACEI.

The following verses are given not as a sample of what can be done in the competition, but to show the rhythm of the verses to any who may be un- acquainted with them.

Five verses should end with "My Mother" and one with •• Why Boots," or some similarly suitable syllables.

Who, when the Spring came would direct Her efforts, e'en by pa unchecked, Hoots Sta.ns to use with grand effect? My mother

Whose Stains do most our floors adorn Whose Gold Paint hails the smiling morn ? Whose Polish turns all dirt to scorn? Why Boots 1

===== 0002601_19010524_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CONDITIONS.

What we consider the best and cleverest verses will be awarded prizes as above in their respective order of merit. The verses must be sort, post paid, on or be- fore 30th May, 1901, and accompanied by a receipt for something used for spring cleaniug, bought at any of the branches of BOOTS. Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for everything you buy at the shops Of BOOTS, Cash Chemists.

The verses to become the property of BOOTS, Cash Chemists, for publication if desired, but the sender's name will not be published without permission.

Two or more sets of verses will be accepted from one sender, but each set must be accompanied by a separate receipt.

Prizes will not be awarded to employees of the firm.

The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as final.

WRITE MAINLY AND GIVE YOUR ADDRESS. ADDRESS YOUR LETTER TO- MY MOTHER," go BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES.

We say housemaids', but housewives' gloves would be perhaps a more appropriate name. They protect the hands from soars and ingrained dirt, which are quite unnecessary even in the case of the wife of the man with the most modeet resources.

Prace from Sid. per-Pitir.

BOOTB VARNISII STAINS.

Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut. Mahogany. ism otaluing and Varnishing Woodwork at one oparatlon.

Usual 6d sin for 411., le size for Bd., 21 61 me for ls 51 per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM.

Gives a brilliant gloss to'all kinds of Mahogany and Ftench-pollshed Furniture with half the naiad itilxmr. Guaranteed not to show linger marks. 6,1 battle for 4d., is. bottle for 7d. -

BRUNSWICK BLACK.

Will make Ironwork a the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine 01 patent leather hoofs does to a well dressed woman. 63. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Oabfnet Makers, Gliders and Decora- tors. 1:155 the original brightness of G Id, easy of application, and unrivalled In appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 7id.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR BIRTAL POLISH Will clean every kind of etai, Braes, Steel or Iron. and le Invaluable In household use. Trial aize, usual 21. for id. is. tine for 4d.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help in the cleaning of silver, crockery, mirrors,windows, cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, &c., from wash-boards and floors. It. also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 10d., small trial size 6d.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
lIAT VAHN 1811E8.

Before the great picture exhibitions in London open. comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fiNers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day. wheu the, varnish last Season's hat to do ani.ther turn—Beote Bat. Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this won. rrice 43/4d per bottle.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LINEN POLISHING rfABLET.

Clean linen acts off a woman or a man to better advantage than gold or diamoal rings. Ladies' cuff*, men's collars and !rants. and all laundry work can best and cheapest be periormad with our Linen Polishing Tablet. Price Id St Ed per tablet. Four 2,1 tablets for 6i. Equal to whet is sold elsewhere at three times the price.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LikWHIST, BEST, MID CERA-PEST. 35. BRIDGE-STREET } 'WARRINGTON, 5, Bi EV tIDOE-STRE

1

TOUR OLLI SP+ JOSS, Fo a KS, CRUETS, TEL AND COFFhE SAM Re poded Irith pure Silver, and a written Guarantee to We for TES YHASS. tint-class quality.

J. AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER; NICKEL Atilll GOLD PLATE

12, MOUNT-PLKA-ANI LIV.qtPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKHTS, ao„ RE-GILT, from bd.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER OOMPLAINIS, INDIGEBTION, WIND. Swam% FOUL BREATH, BERVoIrS UEPHE.,SION, Loss 01 APPwrirs, IRRITABILITY, LABSITUDE I,ISP BURN, Lowsgas OF ,:PIEITS. GIDDINESS, &C. AS A LikINERAL FAMILY AFttrilliNT MEDICINE

I_)R. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLND. being composed of Ihe Finest s ru4,. that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their Kati n as they are eertain in thelz curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different sea, etion,. causal the,necessary organs of the titomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite promoting digestion, and strengthening the who,e system. DR. Sem's piLLS Are prepared only by W LAMBRET. 173, SEYMOUR PLACE LONDON Do Oct be persuaded by atiyou t buy any other Medicine . instead,but insist upon having the riabithing, which ',wrapped In a square green package. By Pot tor 14 or 34 stamps.

KENDAL, MINE, & CO, MANCHESTER.

I

i , le 1

The debate on Sir Hi LSO The Finance Bill. leowLea's amendment to the second reading of the Finance Bill ended much more successfully than the earlier course of the de bite promised, ard the Government majority of 177 was no great triumph considering the fact that tho Lishmen walked out. There were a few Liberal abstentions but these were fully compensated by the large number of Government absentees. " The latter may probably have resulted largely from the near approach of the Whitsuntide holidays, but in many cases it may be safely assumed that the determination to leave the Government to look after itself was the result quite as much of an uunmfortable feeling among its supporters that the charges of reckless extravagance rested on only too good grounds. It was well for the Liberals that it was so, because it may teach the Irish members that their irreconcilable and too independent tac- tics are not such as can bo accepted by a self- respecting party with which they may wish soon to ally themselves. The attit tide tak3n by sir ROBERT REID in the debate on Tuesday night waS that which has been advocated in these columns, and which came to be adopted as the proper atti- tude of the rank and file of the Opposition, as well as among its leaders. It is that quite apart from the question of special war expenditure there is sufficient material for dras tic criticism in the inordinate increase that has taken place in recent years in most of the leading branches of the public service. The two simple facts that the pro- bability is that the future will see not a reduction, but a further increase of the national burdens, and ' that this present and prospective increase is ' collateral with a decline in trade, constitute to- gether something of a national crisis. It would indeed be strange if a united Liberal Party had nothing to say in such a crisis. Unfortunately, as Sir ROBERT pointed out, the House was not in possession of the details necessary to afford a close examination such as might determine where economies might be effected. Ho favoured the appointment of a committee—not a standing committee such as the presont Committee of De- fence which recommended increased expenditure —but a periodical committee appointed every five or six years to scrutinise the accounts of the Navy and Army and report where a decrease might be effected. The greater part of the increase has been quite recent. During the last sit years the Army vote has risen from 181 to 30 millions, but ten millions of this increase belong to this year. There can be no doubt that these figures indics to the rash action of 11 panic-stricken Governlc-nt with all the waste that accompanies such acto n. As Sir H Cam?' BELL BANNERMAN pointed out in closing the debate, the revelations made to the House a few weeks ago that the Law Officers are now being paid thirty thousand per annum instead of nineteen thousand which was their former allowance,provos only too clearly that the same lavish extravag,anee is to be found in every public department at th° present time. Against these home thrusts Belzoni: irade an utterly ineffictive reply during the ten minutes' speech in which he do-ed the de' hate. He now begins to conce,vo as a possibilitY • that the Liberal Patty may return to power in th: not distant future, and his deMaration that %lb% they do so they will confirm and homologate ro that their predecessors have done is scarcely t_n_ kind of argument likely to carry weight in present crisis. couutry ia the

th( the in Of Ruch Of Na oov, c 4ot el %%serf BCted ri eli 441 v c Well.

Vas— tnati Ther

genL irres to

83 44d

fro- t Nth, Yor

rtots 44 vet,

ecti

===== 0002601_19010524_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' • r '!'t 4".ev

===== 0002601_19010524_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
F_clu%:ation

EWE

t'6o G.srtirtrnment

hoc bt.,

C 01 the local government of past times,they proceed tO create virtu.dly a new ad hoc bcdy in the Edu- cation C immittee, which is to be the real educe- vuthority in counties and burghs. The uouncils are represented by the Government to be the 19,a, authorities ; but their duty after pro- :killing a majority of the Committtee will be purely Flat of ratieg authority. The minority of the `ol:4rsittee will consist of nominees, and as experts their opinion upon all matters relating to the Ptactical work of education will predominate. This tight be a good arrangement if only the higher (IaSS of instruction were to be dealt with ; but when it is remembered that evantually primary httruction will be included and the whole of our euncation practically brought under the control of the new body, a much wider question 4tisee. It may be that the school-boards as pro- natlY constituted, and especially the smaller :yards, are not ideal authorities for a large educe%serial system, but a county or district authority esPecially elected for the whole work would not .1)8 Open to the same objections and would be i 11finitely preferable to the authority which it is itit°Posed to create by means of nomination. So 4I ng as the present local Taxation Fund and a 4. 'W°Penny rate constitute the whole means at the 413Posal of the Committee not much harm can be 11°1103 and prohahly not much goed. But when it Wales to raising money from the rates for the purposes of national education the ratepayer will Want to have a much more direct voice in the dis- Nal of the funds. Members of the Council are 4'eturned on various grounds of acquaintance with tatters of more or less material interest to a corn- /Th-1114y; but it is rarely indeed that many of them litterid to anything but the most superficial Yitlaaintance with educational subjects. Education 44 large and complicated question, and the effort Ql 411 interested in its successful administration ht to be to obtain the best men who havoreally a thorough acquaintance with it. But these ought be subject to popular election just as are other ies who are now entrusted with important pub- ic administration. The country is surely not Ping ;back in this twentieth century to make education, as Mr. BRyCE expressed it, a mere function of some local authority. Nor will it toler- 4t,e, as Mr MACNIMSRA put it,the thirty years old 41Ithority with all its gathered experience giving /lay to a ten year old authority which was not ap_ Pointed for the purpose, and has very little exper- tOce in the matter. Indeed so contrary is the collrse the Government has e announced to all that the best feeling of the country has expeCted as the tesUlt of past experience, that some ulterior totive must be looked for in order to account for the singular action of H. M. MINISTERS. It "Pt.s predicted in these columns, and the trediction has come true, tha t any action the cvernment took would not be in the direction of tlXtending the popular eletnent,either in the way of 15/11tilio control or public advantage in the form of tt.°e education. Toe policy is a policy of restric- ,,ico, and whers freedom is left under the options tre4—and it is a large freedom —it is freedom to ° hothing. It is the laissez faire policy in its first While it affords opportunity for the carry- of pet schemes of assistance to what are eew t• tisnamed voluntary schools it off3rs no incen- ive_ 44(1 itideed grants no pow sr for the initiation Of th the °se measures which are urgently needed in lit Interests of sacondary and technical education. „,ticii less does it grapple with the whole question vt National instruction as any effsctive bill must 110 W do. Delegation may be all very well. We do 4ot want a popularly elected body in full meeting aUembled to discuss the appointment of a house- Najd, though there is much of the business trans- /Med in the House of Commons only a degree Eittoved from that category. But we do want us effective control not only over the funds of our W education authority but over its policy as

2- man has passed away, but not from out ‘44 our affections, whom many of us loved and res- %Prised very sincerely. Though it is 25 years since Ic a 6 ev- G. S. Reaney left Warrington for other ?laiirea of labour he has never been forgotten, 'yr the work which he did lives after him, and ..,..'lovi that he is numbered among the dead it is an "Isured fad that his memory will be green for Pars yet to coma. He was the pastor of Wycliffe th(bngregational Church from 1868 to 1876, and ti..c)se eight years were among the most arduous of ,715 whole 62 he has lived. Never did a minister rre resolutely and earnestly fulfil his vows. ~3' Mr. Reaney's exertions the present wiz • ~_ ciaod 10U3 church and schools in Bawsey- ',,reet were erected and the Congregational cause tiven a firmer footing in Warrindon than it ever Qld before. As a pastor the Rev G S Raney *as well-beloved by his people, and as a public Ilito he was liked and respected everywhere. A.bere was a magnetic attraction and overflowing RenialitY about the man himself which were resistible and added in an immeasurable deg-ee t° his personal influence for good. In politics 44 well as religion Mr Rowley took a prominent 44', denergetic part, and though it was his first ' 'i,e4r in the town he was largely instrumental 1.-8688 ea the return of Mr Peter Rylanus in Curing - ' t,h'tbe annual reports in connection with the War-' Foc,tball Clu'a have just been presented, on the whole they make very pleasant reading. icTinfortunatoly true that no great achievement itC4fonicled in the records of the past season, but 114ther respects the. condition of affairs is very 01lajactory. Financially the Warm. gton Rugby „" ° has had a very good year. The season corn- ed with a balauce in hand of £144 and it has ti'n,cluded with the sum more than doubled, viz alaP• Not only has the Club been paying its way hia, making a profit, but it is in the etto,,Lv satisfactoay position of possessing assets te 163 id and liabilitioa amounting only fro ‘l7 13s :3(1. We believe ','!we are not far 1,,t141, the truth in stating that in the yn°,le Northern Union, embracing Lancashire 4011cshire' Cheshire, and Cumberland, there are 44' tnorethan half-a-dozen clubs in so happy a perttnoial position as is Warrington. Some of the rat? biggest clubs, in a football sense, are not far ,gra9v.ed from bankruptcy and the expedient of, yieolalng the wind" by bazaars and such liko de- aertB_,bas been, of necessity, more than once re- e" to The Warrington Football Club is a ZZ. It to the " good old town " and merits the nt supportit gets from the inhabitants. The fa'eT,',_3' ~f tint' support is best indicated by the atii hat £1,670 has been paid over at the turn- lotebs during the eight months concluding on April Nee., While entrance fees and works cpmpetition Ito !ptv .mount to another £230. Roughly speak- true Warrington football enthusiasts have paid bat:‘3o r te .or the privilege of watching the various ia a b" Played at Wilderspool in one season. This 4, 3 :igct e. Club, which one that speaks well for the future which we all hope may be eternally .14r,

thitte.e ars sorry that the House of Commons C orn- s has refused the petition of the Blackpool to grant the power to magistrates %ester son for fourteen days on convictions for %ttlDg. They have, however, adrattted.tha ..."1411 for more araatie pnaisbaaerit by raising

the in imam penalties for first, second, and third : 'Ten,. to £5, £lO, and £5O respectively. They !h#. _ st as well have legalised imprisonment, for past experience proves that fines for betting are practically no deterrent,and by the bookmakers themselves are oftener looked upon as a tax more than anything else. Municipal authorities are almost powerless to prevent the evil, which goes on no matter how often the police prosecute. Very frequently the person convicted does not pay out of his own pocket the sum he is mulcted in, but with the assistance of a " club " can afford to smile at the law and all its works. Street betting is one of the worst forms of temptation which assail the lower classes, and effects not only men, but boys, women, and girls, who are dazzled by the prospect of the gain. H ad-earned wages soon dwindle if this form of sport is indulged in and much misery is entailed upon all concerned except the bookmaker who fattens on the spoils and lives a life of comparative ease. The operations of these social vultures can only be restrained by making the game not worth the candle. Fines are a failure, but 11 yrisonrnent " without the option" would, we imagine, deter all but the hardiest " bookies " from plying their evil trade.

The Irish language debate in the House of Com- mons revealed Mr. Wyndham in his most sympa- thetic mood to the Nationalist members. As the descendant of a famous Irishman, he was able to understand the aspiration of the Irish to maintain choir ancient literature. In some respects it was creditable, though it lacked sincerity. Not one- third of the members who were clamouring for the maintenance of Irish as a living language could speak it. But oven in the transition which most of the Irish have made to English they keep up forms and idioms which are essentially their own, remnants of the speech which is perishing. We can understand tleir desire that the fount should not be allowed to dry up, though the claim they put forward for a hi-lingual system of education throughout the country was preposterous. Dr Rentoul pointed out that all those nations which recognized officially more than one language were low down in the grade of education. Moreover, it is certain that if the poorer people were taught to speak in- terchangeably two languages they would incline to the Irish, and lose facility in the one which could help them most commercially. It would become part of their political creed to eschew English and hold to Erse, just as the Hungarians endeavour to preserve the language of their land. It deters visitors, for even at Buda Pesth they , profess not to be able to talk in any other tongue, solely in order that they may not, lose ground. Nevertheless the Nationalists have a right to say that where Irish is dominant, and the children think in Irish, they should be taught in it. Any I other course is unfair.

Before disparaging remarks. are made about amateurs in cricket, and insidious comparisons drawn between the " expenses of the gentleman and the " wages" of the player, the peculiar cir- cumstances of the game should be considered. it is highly unfair that one standard of amateurism or of professionalism should be made for all sports, regardless of the varying demands that are made upon the time, and even upon the purse, of those who practise them. It. is easy enough to make I fun of the amateur who is given a lucrative posi- tion in some business establishment, with but nominal duties to perform fr his salary, on ' condition that (hiring the summer months his services shall be at the call of the County Committee. It is easy enough, too, to deride secretaryships and assistant secretaryships which are given not by one county alone, but all over the country, to amateurs whose service is chiefly rendered neither in the office nor in the' committee room, but in the field. It must be re- membered, however, that playing in first-class cricket means hard will< from the beginning of May to the end of August, a demand such as no other sport makes upon its vJtaries. To insist that a cricketer should either be an amateur as rigidly defined as the swimming amateur, or as the National Cyclists' Union endeavours to make the cyclist, or else perform the duties of a ground bowler for a weekly wage would be to cut out absolutely a class of players who really make cricket the attractive game it is. The true I question is whether the present system is inatru- mental in maintaining a high level of cricket, and though possibly the social distinction between gentleman and player might on some grounds be made less marked and though some minor reforms might be suggested, vet on the whole the answer cannot be otherwise than in the affirmative. mmaamelepoommlNl.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. _ A Provincial Letter.

Whitsuntide is again at hand, the" feast of glad- ness," and it. remains a time-honoured custom _ in the provinces to devote the f€ stival to rest and re- creation Most people have some kind of holiday in Whitsun week, and just now the townspeople are either packing,or already flitting to the country,the sea, or the lakside, by rail, "bike " or motor as the case may be, All that is enjoyable in these excur- sions, it is 'rue, depends very much on the weather, and the weather has not yet learned obedience to the Astronomer Royal, or to the enterprising pro- phets who are ready to go bail, as every morning's D per tells us, for its behaviour. This little draw- back, however, has not deterred the Meteorological Office from announcing during the week itswilling- ness to supply forecasts of weather by telegraph to thos . whom they may concern, and who are ready to pay for them during the next harvest time. Granted one or two fine days of good weather after to-day there is no reason why, despite continued fighting in South Africa, this Whitsuntide should not be celebrated in such a way as to be a refresh- 1 ment to the bodies and minds of hard-worked men and women from John o' Groats to Land's End. Lately it has been diflicult,judging from superficial appearances only, to tell whether we were in May or March, though the weather has been mostly fine and bright. Persistent east winds, felt chiefly in the morning and evening, made Spring a delusion, and the beginning of the " merry month " a mockery. Yet Hawthorne had the courage to say, as the reader knows, that the one thing of which Friglishmen ought in reality to feel most proud was their clime e; so, perhaps it would be judicious and prudent to wait awhile before grumbling at the arrangem-nt of the season. There is only too good reason to believe that, as I the census re urns have been demonstrating, the country has in r-cent years become less attractive 11 to its own people than it was, say in the old days I of Maypoles and morris dancers, of wrestling II matches, and Whitsun ale, when it was one of the I customs to appoint two young men in every parish to collect funds fom the obliging parishioners which they expended in brewing and baking against Whitsuntide," and when at Vie festive season the neighbours met together in a great barn, called the "Chu ch-house." and there m.rrily fed on the victuals they hid provided. Besides which, says the historian, the neighbouring parishes did make loving visits to one another, and in this way frankly sp nd their money together;the af ernoons being passed in sue exercises as oil and young did. most enjoy. The Church looked on at these popular pastimes with approval, not to say encouragemen, ; which was perhaps natural, inas- much as the profits from the consumption of Whit- sun ale went to repair the" outside "of the sacred building, or for such oher nharitgble purposes as the rriests might desire. The times since then have changed indeed. Instead of " frankly spending their money together " in their native village, these people now-a-days hie away at Whitsuntide to the towns end eities eta diPtance,there to indulge 1 their eves in sigheeint.r, and their minds in con- cocting plons to get to and live there permanently.

--- People are accu4tomed to expect official returns relating to mstters of national cmicern very late in the day. But to agriculturists throughout the country it must appear very much of en anomaly that the crop statistics of one year should no; appear until within two or three months of the harvest of another. In this case, however, it happens that something like half a million schedules have to be examinsd and reported upon, so that the delay is fairly intsllig qle. The raturna just, issued further exemplify the progress of changes that have been wring on for many years pot. If we go back thirty years. that is, to the year 170. end compare it with the year now closed, , two broadly saal ked changes will be found, the ins.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1901

pcateince of which has long been recognise I. With- out. going into all the fivires relatin4 to the withdrawal of cultivable laud on the one hand, and the exten don of a few millions of aeres on the other, suffiLle it to say that the net gain in the regularly farm ..d land of Great Britain amounts to more than two million acres, chiefly accounted for in the first twenty years of the period mentioned and due, it is reported, partly to the closer collection of informa- tion for the later permi c mipared wito the earlier returns, and partly to "tie steady encllsure of pastures not originally regarded as cul!i% ael per- manent grass." A survey of the whole periolliince these returns were fir t collected shows that in the latter third of the nineteenth century the land uheler wheat in Oreat Britain has elin.el from 3,688,000 acres in 1860, its maximum, to 1,845,000 acres in 1900, and that a few years ago wnen in 1805 the minimum was reached, our wheat acreage fell as low as 1,417,000 acres.

From questions asked in the House of Commons this week and the answers given by the Chancellor of to Exchequer, it would be gathered that the Mining A-sociation ol Great Britain,at least, had no idea of allowing the agitition against the proposed, export tax to drop. By what transpired however it appeared that members of the Associat on, and some of the branches, were not in a-cord with the parent body,and did not approve the resolution adopted by the latter to the effect that the money should be raised this year by a tax on the who'e output of the Kingdom for last year and that an impartial tribunal be appointed to repo-t, on the advisability ol an export •ax on coal, its incidence, and its probable effects upon the coal trade and the miners. Meanwhile, Mr Arthur F Pease has in the " Times " ben urging that the tax should be ad valorem, and pointing out that there has been an enormous fall in the price ot coal since last year. As an instance of this, he men- tions that for unscreened cooking coal, during pa-t of last year, it was possible to obtain 184 per ton f.o.b. on the Tyne, whereas recently the :Arne coal has been sold for Os Gi a ton. Mr Pease has a right to be heard, and his views have additional weight from the fact that when the war expenditure was discussed he recognised that the coal trade last year was well able to provide part of the money, and suggested a 10 per cent, ad valorem luty on all coal exported. If all eoal owners had taken an equally patriotic view of the subject,there:might have been no such agitation as there is now in the coal buoi ness.

Of course, the Bishop of Winchester was disap- pointed with the atnendm-nts proposed in the House of Lords by Lord &Apr relative to the Licensing Sessions Bill, but his lord-hip had less reason to complain of the action of the Government with respect to the Ifsintual Drunkards Bill. still it does not matter much whether the Bill is a Government measure or not, so long as the law is altered to meet the case of habitual drunkards, and those people in the provinces who take an interest in this numerous class are glad that the Bishop's Bill has been accepted, rat ler than the subject should be shelved for another Session. The Rome Secretary having ben unable to introduce his Bill, in the Lower House had less 'esitation in approv- ing the Bishop's measure, with certain alterations. From a temperance point of view there will be very little direct Rain, however little or much may be expected to accrue indirectly, but little as it may he it will be regarded in tiese days of small conces- sions of this kind, as better that nothing at all.

After the drink question comes betting. Mr Justice Wills recently stated that for a long period he had regarded the former as the greatet of these evils, but that in later years he was inclined to regard it as a neck and neck race between the two. When the Bishop of Hereford introduced his motion this week in the Upper House, for a Select Com- mittee to inquire into the increase of public betting Lord Salisbury hesitated to follow with any great diffidence the suggestions contained in gpfser,he4 delivered by the mover. by tle Bishop of London, and by the Archbishop of Canterbury, but, as on previous similar occasions, he did not oppose the appointment of a committee, which was eventually agreed to In face of the ever-increasing number cot complaints heard in many large provincial towns and cities, where public betting is regarded as a positive and dangerous nuisance, this, too, will be accepted as an agreeable concession in its way.

For the first time S.x)tlond has a larger popula- boa than Ireland, a tact that we may expect to bear a great deal of when the question of Parlia- mentary representation comes to be canvassed and discussed. But as in England and in Scotland, it is only the towns that increase in population, at the expense of the rural districts.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A COIIIIRSPONDENT.]

With regard to the licensing prolecutian which took place at Runcorn Seisions last Monday, I although no conviction followed, the police ate to be very highly complimented for bringing the matter forward. Juries have held inquests time after time upon the b 'dies of sailors drowned in the Canal as the result of drink, and in face of the strong rider they added to their verdict, in the case of the man Tucker, although as a jury they could not bring the blame home to anyone, it is still satis- factory to see that the police took up the matter, and although unsuccessful, the result of the action will be that, the licensed victuallers of the town of Runcorn will bear it in mind and profit thereby.

It is pleasing to learn that the Library will in the future be opened on Tuesday, Thursday, and Satur- day afternoons, from two to four p m, in addition to the usual times of opening, and that the Library Committee have off4r3d the post of Librarian to Mrs Jones (the widow of the deceased librarian). The arrangemsnt is a &atisfactory one and one that meets the public wishes in every respect.

The townspeople are patiently waiting their opportunity of shouting ones more in honour of our returned Volunteers, and are eager- ly enquiring what, the Chairman ot the Urban District Council has to propose on their be- half. They knim that the matter was left in abeyance until his return, but he has been back sometime and the muoh desired public meeting has not yet been held. That it will very well stand over till after the hoiidays is probably the excuse. but what with the holidays and the rent collec^or there will be little enough left for our soldier citizens.

The Runcorn Guardians have been having a little dircugsion about some seed cake supplied to the scholars attending the Dutton School. The matter is a paltry one,and ought never to have been touched upon. Just because some unfeeling and unthinking children have complained to their parents that the Workhouse chil t has been given seed cake for lunch, and those parents have complained of it; the Guardians now propose to make the children eat their " two ounces of se.d cake "before going to school, and thus defeat the very object of the lunch.

gOLIDAYS IN THE ISLE OE MAN.—The Isle of Man Steam Packet Co., Limited, has just issued a handy little bo llot which should prove of interest to those who have in view a visit to the Isle of Man, or who may be casting about fora suitalle place to spend a pleasant holiday. The holitlet gives particulars of the sailings during May and June, together with a mass of general information about the island, and the means of getting to it from any part of the country. Besides the useful plan of Douglas Barbour,land the maps of the Mersey and the Crosby Channel, Sso., there are two coloured maps—one of the island itself, and another showing its position rel,tiye to the fihores of England, Ireland, and Scotland. It will alga be seen that there are many circular trips from Drurtlas—to Miler, Ireland and Scotland. and roiled the island itself, Nomorms illustrations adorn the pages. The booklet may be had from the comnany_for nothinss.

NORTD WALFS—ITS SUDITS BY SEA AND LAND.—Unier this titlo. the Liverpool and North Waive Ste.fluslip Company have just published a very useful pictorial gui,4e to North Wales, which should prova extremely useful to those who wish to make acquaintance with the charming scenery in that part of the country. The company's boats. conning, as they do. to Llandulno, Beaumaris, Bangor, Menai Bridge, and Carnarvon,bring passengers within easy reach of some of the most lovely scenery to be found in any part of the kingdom, and in this guide much useful information is given regarding the best means of seeing tho country. A large number lof very excellent illustrations are given, and the w hole is prefaced by a good map ahowing the coast, and much of the inland country between Liverpool, Chefter, and Carnar von. Tax GLEN-SPRY D/.TfLLERT, altnated In the finest Whisky-producing Dist-lot of convict. Is the property of W. &A. Whey. This Whisky Is made entirely frorA home-grown Barley and Is kept abaolstely unblended It His Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold brootag, A A. ellbey's &puts la evert team at is. 6d. per tk

===== 0002601_19010524_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

• Annual Meeting. The annual general m Ling tit tle members of the Runcorn Rugby Football Club, was held at the Bethesda Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening last. Mr E Imison. J. P., C C., presided, and there was a fair attendance. Amongst those present were :—Mesers W Jo, es, W Carroll, JII Weston, J F Ildßulton,T Cooke, J R Handl. .n, W E Dudley, J Ei Wielders, T RoLinson, R Moore, Tom Cc,oke, P Deakin, C 8a1..: Green, R Garnett, J Eilison (ecretary), A Abel (assistant secretary), and C Pownali (treasurer).

===== 0002601_19010524_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SECRETARY'S REPORT.

The Secretary read the following report :—" Wbilit regretting that I am not in a position to report so favourably on the club's dings, as I did twelve months ago, I can nevertheless claim that all circumstances con- sidered, •the state of affairs is satisfac:ory. The committee, last summer gave a lot of time to the field, with the result that we are now in possession of a fine tand, whilst the paying portion was attended to, and the accommodation for spectators was constderahly in- creased. The past season opened with a series a acci- dents to play( rs, which operated adversely on the club's prospects of retaining the championship of the Lanca- shire Senior Competition Ftus feature was most promi- nent in connection with the matches with Swinton, Barrow, and Widnes, and again in the latter end of the season, in the matches with Broughton and Oldham. Having regard to these circumstances, the position attained in the senior competition, does the players and the club great credit. Indeed, at one period of the season, we were running well for pride of piece in the competition, and it was only in February, in the return match with Brough'on at Broughton, ' that our hopes were blighted. In the Northern Union Cup Ties, the teatn started most brilliantly, and their form bespoke them as the probable winners of the con- petition. Wizan Leigh and York were decisively beaten, but the fourth round, however, Batley at Batley proved too stiff, and the team succumbed after a good fight, in which ell-luck dogged our footsteps with great tenacity. We had the satisfaction of knowing that we were not disgraced,as our vanquisher+ were the winners of the competition. The matches placed were as follows: League matches: played 26, won 20 lost none, drawn 6; scoring 45 goals, 50 tries,24o points, against 14 goals, 24 tries, 100 p Ants. Friendly matches; played 2 won 2 ; scoring 3 goals 8 tries, 30 points, against 1 try. 3 points West Lancashire Cup ties : Played 1, lost 1, scoring 5 points, against 6 points. Northern Union : Cup Ties : Played 4, won 3, lost 1 ; scoring 9 goals 13 tries, 57 points against 3 goals 1 try. 9 points. rh total number of matches played was 33, of which 25 were won, none drawn, and 8 bat ; there were scored 58 goals, aryl 72 tries, 332 points; against 17 goals, 28 tries ; 118 points leaving a grand total of 214 pointer in the club's favour.The following were the snorers; —Triea: D J mes, 11 ; J Jolley,10; Jfßichardson, 9 ; J Faulkner, 8; S Walker, 7; J lagiesfield, 5 G elessenger. 5; J ,ties, 3 ; J Butterworth, 2 ; C Butterworth, 2 ; W Lightfoot, 2 ; Fl Farmer, 2 ; 8 EPenghton, 1; R Reece, 1; 'l' Wilkinson, 1 J Dixon, 1: J Nickson, 1 ; W Woods, 1, Gals from tries were placed by : Jolley, 19; Farmer, ; J Ingleatield, 1. Dropped goals J Jolley, 8; J Richardson, 3 ; 8 Houghton, 1; J Butterworth, 1. Penalty goals : J Jolley, 8 • R Farmer, 2; 9 Houghton, 1. Goal. from marks: J Jolley, 4; Houghton. 3: U Farmer, 1. It will thus be seen that 'Jolley kicked 39 goals..

- -- Mr A Abel (sssistant secretary), also submitted the following :—The " A" team have again performed very creditably and for the secend season in succession are ph.ced No. 2in the Lancashire " A teams competi- tion with 31 points out of a possible 44. A very pleat.- lug feature also has been the number of promising young players that have been annexed, as the under- mentioned scoring analysis will show. In the competition series 22 matches were played, 13 being won, 4 lost, and 5 drawn, the Scores reading 31 goals, 47 tries, or 203 points ; to 6 goals, 15 tries, or 57 points. lie friendly games the result i 5, played 7, won 6. lost 1, scaring 12 goals, 25 tries, 1.1. 99 points, against 3 goale. 4 tries' or 18 points. The return for all matches is:— played 29, won 19. lost 5, and drawn 5, scoring 43 greets, I 72 tries, or 302 point;, against 9 goals, 19 tries, or 75 points. Tee scoring was done by the following players : I —tries obt.inod : J Moran 13,1 Nickson 11, J Inglesfleld aud G Urmeon 7 eacn, 11 Jones T aed P Stnneley 6 each, C Butterworth 5, E Tomlinson and J Weston 3 each, J Butterworth 2, W Houghton, Joseph Faulkner, and A Kennion 1 each. Drepped goals were registered by E Woodward and A Richardson 1 each ; penalty goals by J Inglesfield 4, and 0 Hughes 1 ; goals from marks :—.l Ingleslield 2, P S'oneley, 2 ; goals kicked from [ries : J legleefleld 11.7 Nickson 8,11 Jones and 0 Hughes 3 each W Floughton 2, J M iran, G Urmsou, W Gayter, and W Woods 1 each. (Applause). The Treasurer, Mr C Pnwnall, then sutimitted his stetemeist of receipts and expenditure for the seas in 1900-01, which showed that the club started the season with a helium in hand of £334 10a 91, and the receipts For the year amounted re £928 17 101. Among the I items are subscriptions 290 members, £BO 101 4d ; stand members and boys £2l 125 ; gate rece cite Lanca- shire Senior Competitim and Priendlins, £5OB 13 101 ; Stands £l2lB ; Cap tie receipts, £269 124 1141. Ouc of toe cash ie hand £195 4s 101 was spent no a now erand and the general expenses amounted to £1,051 14s 7d ; made up of items which included the following for league games and friendlies : Outirg to players £22 ; hontla secretary, treasurer, and assistant secretary £l9 19 ; field rap uses, £4B 19 s]; insurance of players £7B Ile 3 ; rents, rare;, teees, £45 141 Id ; footballs and players out flee, £74 Si Id ; lost time, £293 12 ; refreshments, £25 94 4.1 ; traveiline expenses, £9B 17s 71 ; salaries ef officials, £2O 194; Norteern Union Cup-t'e4 cis- £35 18; ; lost time and visitors share of gates, £92 11.4 ; Ssuth West Lane r- ehire Cup-ties, lost time £8 13: 61. The balance in band at the end of the season is £2l .85 111, and the club owes unpaid accounts omounttne te £520; Si ; the assets of the club (fixtures It e.) are £237 5- 111. It was usual continued Mr feiwriall on such occasions to contrast one year's statement with that of the preced- ing year. This year the comparison was not so favour- able. He was pleased o say that the membership had in- creased, the present number was 290 or an increase of 20. 'rh- subscribers to the stand bad only increased by one. Nos they had anew stand, however, they hopeil to be able to chronicle a larger increase. The stand was sadly neeeled and he felt sure their members would be pleased with it, and also their friends the reporters. (Hear, hear) The Vital amount received in subserip- Blom was £llB 8s 101 or an increase of £7 81. He thouelet that was very satisfaetory in the face of so many removals by death, and the late census returns. With regard to the gate and stand receipts from Lanca- shire Senior Comperi .”on and friendly matches there was a decrease of £417 17s 114. Thee, knew the curse as well as he did. Season 1899 and 1900 would be long remembered as the most successful OPO they bad ever experienced and they could hardly expect to keep the pressure no for two years. Cup ties had ' produced £254 164 81, or £538 10s lid I°W; than last season. They had been tempted to go to York, as they were well aware, for a good sun:, but rather than dis- appoint the public of Runcorn the committee chose to stay at home,and on that account he thought they ought Ito have had a better attendance. (Fiera, hear.) At Batley their Calculations were upset owing to the weather, the gate being £2OO less than anticipated. If they had only made a drawn game he thought they should have beaten them at Runcorn, and had won the Northern Union Cup for the first time. (Hear, hear.) In the West Lancashire Cup there was only one malch,end as they gained %little he did not think they could grumble. In cons, cpience of the good belanee in hand the players were treated to an ourine—or an equivalent—and the officials to a bonus of £l9 19;, for which they desired to thank the members, having previously thanked the I Committee for their gift. The field expenses were about £6 lese. The Item for rent, rates and taxed &lowed an, incr: see of £2, hut as the reist for the current hal f•year had not been paid the expenditure under this head would his £l7 nolre. The CI•do had paid £2l in inc,lme tax and land tax alone. In addition they had to pay poor Irate and distrier rate. The amount for insurance of players was en more. This was a serious item, one of their beat plavere being hurt in a practice game, which deprived the Club of his services for the best part of the soason, and the Cunmittee, as usual did their best for the unfortura'e player. The cost of the new stand wig s good investment, while they bad received £435- 8 1 for euh.criptionS and admittance Printiee and eta, ionery was £8 lese,Docter's fees would show £l5 more,as there w‘s £lO due on unpaid accounts. Lost limo showed £59 less. Refreshments were about the same, Travel- ling expenses £2 leas; expenses for NU. Cup, £355 lees ; •ind W.L Cun £2l less. In the balance acceun. the item £215 12; 3d w made up Of the value of the old stand, calm area at £3O 75 31, and the actual cost of the new stand £lB5 se. 'rhe balance in favour of the club is £2Ol 14e 44. There were bills unpaid to the anneunt ot £52, und as we have cash in the hank and in hani amounting to £169; 21, which left the club in debt £35 10e 10d.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS, Thare trinz onlr the eld officials nominated, the Chair- man ()adored them duly elected as follows :—Mr S Mrmint, president : Mr C Pownon, treA surer ; Mr J El!ison, her•retary ; Mr A AbM, ao,kt- An* secretary ; Messrs T C Cooper, and E Lunt, audi- tors.

I‘ll° contested elections resulted a q fellows :—Captain First tf,tri 8 Gouehton, deputy-captain ; J Faulkner. A team " : J Nlckson ; deputy-captain, W 13ettle5. The fallowing were elentod members of the committee :—Messrs S Abrams. 69 G Cawley. 64 ;vv Jon"s 63 ; G Robir son, 64 ; J F Muln. 58; T Robin- son, 48: U Grounia. 48 ; H Wright, 47 ; A Lighthurn, 46 : W Hughes, 42 • IV Faulkner, 39 ; H Garnet. 37. Under the head of general business Mr W E Dudley Prone.ed that a recommendation go from the meeting to the cernmittee that the captain be allowed to have a voice in the selection of the team. Thifi era+ eeeonded, but subsequently withdrawn. Mr J F filour.Tox proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr W Jos s seconded, and the motion was carried unathnnuslv. Mr latisort reepcnided, end the oseetiag emended,

===== 0002601_19010524_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN INSTITEITE.SCHOIL —Succzss OF AN OLD PUPIL.

_ We are pleased to stat. tnat T Earlam, son of Mr Thomas t. edam, Fro-Whim, hag just been suc- cess.ul in gaining a pose in the Civil Service as males telegrapi learner. Tuts examination was held in Mancti.,ter nn February 26 last, and Earlam obtain.d he 12th place out of 73 applicants. He was until April last a pupilof the Runcorn Institute Schou!. LAD'S AEU TOE& OFF AT WIDNES.

On Monday muraing, at about half-past ten, a shocking apcident happened to a youth named Edward Martin, aged 17, of 141, Aihert-road, em- ployed by the Widnes Foundry. lie was repairing a belt which drives a lathe,when it was pulle i round the oh ting, Tie belt caught his arm and he was drugged round with it. After having made one revolu- tion he fol; to the ground, when it was discovered hat his right a-m had been torn off at thl elhow, and rem lined entangled in the belting. His head was alQo injured. He was removed instantly to the Accident Hospital in an unconscious condition, where he was attended by Doctors Thnnelly and Scott. It was found neceseary to amputate his arm and the youth now lies in a critical condition. HOP& HALL MISSION. RUNoontsr.

A new banner. recently purchased by public sub- script on from a well-known maker, will be used to head the proces.den of the scholars connected with the mission on Whit Mend iy. It is of beautiful design, and is perhaps equ il to any in Runcorn. The ground work is of royal blue, and the lettering is worked in gold, tastefully shade i with dark colour- ing..Enscrolled across the top of the banner are the words " Hope Hall Sunday School," and in the c ntre is worked a pair of clasped hands, indicative of the right hand of fellowship. Underneath this fitting motto is a picture—wrought in beautiful colours—of a guardian angel protecting a little child who has carelessly strayed into a perilous position. Underneath is the very appropriate inscription "The Lord shall guide thee continu'lly." The , inverse side is equally interesting, being a perfect' study in colours. It is occupied entirely with a biblical scene which shows C'lrist blessing the Jewish children, the picture lying interpreted by the text "Suffrljttleclijl,jrpn to come unto Me." In aid of the mission a brass band has been recently formed and it is eonfilectly anticipated that the first Whit-Monday in connection with the mission will be an auspicious occasion. LOCAL WEDDING AT HALTON. There was a large congregation at the Holy , Trinity Wesleyan Church, Halton, on Wednesday last, when the marriage nf Mr Harry Holt, eldest son of Mr John Holt, York-street, Runcorn, to Miss Mary Ellen (Pollie) Rawlinson, daughter of Mr Peter Rawlinson, Halton, was cele- brated. The ceremony was performed by by the Rev J B Foster. The bride, who was daintily dressed in a dress of grey material, trimmed with glace; silk surmoanted by a becoming white hat trimmed with orange blo,setn, was given away by her father, The bridesmaids were Miss E Holt (sister of the bridegroom), and Miss Sefton Runcorn. Mr Albert Riwlinson (brother), acted as best man and Mr W Lea' hwood as groomeman The bridesmaids dresses were of two shades of fawn, and both wore large white hats.— After the wedding repast at the home of the bride's parents, the happy couple left for Rhyl (North Wales) where the honeymoon will be spent

===== 0002601_19010524_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
STALING WOOD FOR THS PIGRO'N COTE.

- A young man named Charles Smith was charged at Widnes Police Court on saturday, with stealing 100 ft. of timber from 'he Globe Chemical Works, between Thursday night and Friday morning, the property of Messrs Scott end Coinpany.—Superin- tendent Keighley said that from information received P.C. Thornton went to a house in Dick- street, where he found the timber in the hack yarJ. The woman in the house would tell the Bench that the prisoner brought the timber the previous night. —George Warren, manager of the Globe Works, identified the timber ay belonging to his employers. He said it was worth 104.—p,C. Thornton said he annrehended Smith, and in answer to the charge he said " I was promised some pigeons. and I wanted to build a cote for them "—Superintendent K ,igh- leylinformed the Bench that he had been conyicte I three times bofore, once for stealing timber.— Prisoner wee committed for one calendar month with hard labour. On hearing the sentence he com- mence' to cry, and asked if a fine could not be imposed instead of a committal, but he was told that the sentence would have to be carried out. A YOUTHFUL RUNCORN HOLYSETIRNAKER. Messrs F J Norman and C H Posnett presided at the Rtancorn Police Court. last Wedneaday morning when a youth was brought before them on a char,ve of larceny and attempted housebresking. The prisoner was Frederick Harding. the 13 year old son of John Daniel Harding, Shaw.etreet, Runcorn, and the charges preferred against him included the larceny of 7 checks, valued 2s 44. from the Run- corn Theatre 'Royal and an attempt to enter the pawnshop of Mr H Dodd, Ezerton-atreet. which I offences were committed on the 18th and 20th I instants respectively. Ft3M the evidence it ap- peared that Mr Dodd, who carried on businesi at 50, Egerton-qtree", locked up his shop about 9 p in. on the 20th instant, and an hour later he had a ' look round and found everything net. The fol- lowing morning shout 6 e.m., he discovered that, the glass panel of the door had been broken, and from indications about the door and wall of the yard it was apparent that an attempt bad been made to enter the shop. Information was given to the Police. and ultimately Sergeant Gregory armeted prisoner. Upon swishing Harding the theatre Checks were discovered, and at a later period prisoner admitted he had been to the Theatre and stolen the e-e,'-s from ash-1f on the 18th, and also attempted to enter the pawnshop by the door as de.cribed. He broke the glass panel with a piece of wood, but failed in his attempt to get through. School Attendanre Officer Bowyer WIVE, evidence to the effeet that the boy gave o great deal of trouble to the School Authorities and was beyond the con- trol of his father. An attempt was to be made to gat the boy into a reformatory.—The father stated the boy had not been home for seven weeks. HA personally was going to America in a few days and desired that 'the boy sheuld be sent away.—There a +ere two previous convictions acainst the pri.oner for larceny, for both of which offences he had been birched by order of the Court.—The Bench ordered him to be sent. to the Bradwell Industrial School until he reached the age of 19 years

RAWF ORD'S ;CREAM

CRACKERS, CRISP AND CREAbIY

===== 0002601_19010524_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING 'LICENSINGIEARLESTOWN & NEWTON. PROSECUTION AT RUNCORN.

POLIO 8 CABII.

At Earlew-own Polic-e-z-taTo-n—on Monday, before rMr J W E uccett, Mann doCormick ot Logl2-4rreet Earleatown was charg-d wit') Whiz drunk an I dis orderly on Satin lay nig,it and was 11 ted 5s and costs. Martin Larkin for a eirnilar offeoce was: tined 2,a 61 and costa.

lEAILLESTOWN GO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The quarterly meting of this society was held in the Cu-operative Hall, ftarle•town, on Monday evening. Mr D Forret•ter pr-ided, and there was a large attendance of members. Tile minutes of the last quarterly meetin., were read ant eontirtned• The report and balance sh'efit which wore suornitted , showed that the cash re-eipt4 were £11,4;9 14a being an increase over last qu r er o' £89.1 Oa 64. and compared with the c.u.ros ionding porn) 1 of last year:the increase is £l,BBl 7.41. The not pro- fits realized were £1,679 2. 841. wiiich wai di pised of by paving a dividend of 2- lid in Vie .£ ab:orb- ing £1,648 2s W. leaving a balance of £3l to the contingent fund. During the quarter 82 new members had been admitted. 18 had wit'oraWn. leaving 1.680 on the register of whom 1,269, had brought in checks The accounts weft» eeopted. The President reviewed the wooking of the qu rter and alluded to tte various buil ting under akinga which the Committee have in hand. Messrs Jones and Cave were re-ele,ted to the c.inrnitroe of management. Mr T Swift was appointed D. legate to the Wholesale Slciety'e querterly meeting. The usual grant was mate for tf-e employes annual trip. A grant of ..£5 .51 was confirmed to the S uth. port Convalescent Home. The motion to advance the auditors fees was adj )urned for three months toi,nable the committee to a-cer• ain th- am tants paid by other Societies of a similar kind Notice of motion was given fir disci' •sion as to the de- sirability of the Committee being ineligAlie to act as such for a longer peri.ol than three years.

A LODBER'S DISORACEPETL CONDUCT. At the Warriogton Polic42 Cow t, on W ,Inesdar morn- ing. before Mr J Heldes (in the chair) and Alderman Heaton, James T Atherton, an iusurance aLenr, wa.s charged with having been drunk and dimrderly in Miller-strert at five minutes to eight on Tue*diy night, also with breaking four panes of glas in the window of the dwelling house of Henry Hill, 15, Moler-street„ and with using threats to Florence Hill. Fl..teuop Hill said she was the wife of Henry Hill, and lived at 15, Miller-street' Prisoner had lodged with her for the last two weeks. He was an insurance ag411,, and about five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon he came in dimidt. He ordered his tea, but when it was served he would not eat it. He seemed upset and excited ab usome- thing. Be sat down to smAre, but dropped his pipe and broke it. He picked up the pieceB and threw them into the fire. Wit ne4s sent her little boy for a new one, and be brought one the bowl of which represented the late Qdeon's head. P. is-iner said she had done him "a great ingult "in offering him such a pipe. He behaved very excitedly for about two hours, and threatened several times that he would strangle her. He used moat disgusting and obscene language. She was really very frightened of him and the children ran out of the bnuss screaming Her little girl locked the door, but he " banged "through the windows. Ths damage done to the windows amounted to 164 81. There was really DO CAUS artivocer for the disturbance' except defendant's di unkenness.—The Bench fined defendant 204 and coats, the alternative of payment being a month's iropriionment will] hard labour.

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER

===== 0002601_19010524_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Sequel to a Sailor's Death.

The Mathematical Witness.

Thomas Whitfield, landlord of the Queen's Hotel, Runcorn, was on Monday last sued at the Runcorn &salons, before Messrs AR Norman and .1 Pritchard for unlawfully permitting drunkenness on his licensed pre- Mille on the 28 It of April, and aleo with serving drink to drunken persons. Mr W Piotcher. solicitor, Northwich, acted for the pronecution, and Mr W Smith. barrister. Liverpool instructed by Mr Knowles, solicitor, Widnes, appeared, for the defence.

Mr W Fletcher, in opening the case, eaid it was pro- posed to preceed with the first charge, as they did net know how far the second summons would be effected by the decision on the first. The circumstances of the lease related to the night of the 28th April when a man named Tucker lost his life at no very great dirance from the public house, and as the result of the Mile 38t facts came to the knowledge of the police which resulted in the present action, and as it was thought their wor ships might have an opportunity of judging whether the delendant was ta blame, and whether he was answer- able in law for the condition of the men which was sup- posed to have resulted in the accident of the night. It seemed that on the night in question O'Hare and a man aimed Tucker, both firemen, who arrived at Runcorn tne previous day, went ashore between 7 and 8 o'clock p,rn. They preceeded straight Co the Qaeen's Hotel. Both mon were quite sober when they entered the house, but kit it in a very (11T:rent con- dition. Tucker had unfortunately lost his life, but O'Hare would be called and would tell the Bench bow they left. He was sorry to say, but it seemed from the tune the men entered the house up to the time they left, they were carousing all the time. They were set- ting themselves out simply to get drink, and had the landlord exercised anything like viligance be must have known weat was going on. It was unfortunate that three of the men wile were summoned as witnesses had lett the town and would not be present. He submitted, ia the face of such a condition of things, that a sub- stantial penalty ought to carry if he established hl % case. Henry O'llare,fireman, of the s.s. Trafford, Lampeter- road, Cabbage Hall, Liverpooesaid he arrived in Run corn on April 27th. The vessel was tied up at the tidal basin. On the Sunday night following he came ashore with Patrick Tucker, the second engineer. They went to the Qa..etea Hotel direct from the ship and got there between 7 and 8 o'clock. They remained there up to closing time 10 p.m., and were drinking ale. He had over five pinto, but hew much over he did not know. He and Tucker were drinking " big gills," when he left the premises he was drunk ; and, so, too, was fucker as far as he could see. He was served by the eefendant Whitfield. A number of them went out together at closing time, and he remembered crossing the read. Afterwards his memory was a blank until he came to:some timelater,when he found him+, If knocking at the door of the lockmen's hut. He was subsequently taken to a doctor's, and attended for an injury to his back. He did not remember anyone having a drink,bat toe did sem a bottle outaide.—Orrae-examined : He did not remetnber falling,but only thought he had fallen,for his back was hurt. There was no row in the Queen's Hotel that he heard of, and he and Tucker left very quietly. He had 21 when he went into the public home, but %gum he came out he had nothing. When Cantain Williame, his skipper, asked him where Tucker was, he told hen " he must be behind drinking with some men who were drinking out of a bettle." Williams asked " whether he W:l9 sure ?" and he replied " He must be." Mr Smith : 0, you inferred it? Witness: Yes. . . .

John Michael Cain, chemical labourer, 11, Dale-street, Runcorn, &Nil he se w several men corning out of the " Qtvion's " about closing time, and they appeared all rignt.—Crns.-examined : When he went into the Qu ,en's Hotel he was quite sober, and if anyone told mm he was drunk he would have said they were telling lies.—Mr Smith : Is it habitual for you to lose your memory P—Witness : Yes, sir —(Laughter). It often occurs with me.

Robert Pierce, labourer, of Nelson-street also swore to being in the house. He saw the rism leave. Acton and Jones were three-parts drunk, but the two sailors were quite drunk. Cross-extmined : All he could swear was chat Ar:ton had the bottle when he crossed the road. There was no row or qoarrelling amongst the men whilst he was present. —Re-examined by Mr Fletcher, witness gave it as his opinion that Acton and 'his friends were drunk—. Asked by Mr Smith what caused him to form that opinion, witness said he bad no grounds for form- ing his opinion save from the way they locked and talked. 11,. personally was half drunk. There were some thref—parts drunk, and others quite drunk. (Laughter.)

• P O. John Shaw,of Runcorn, who was on duty on the 28th April in Waterloceroad said as far as ha could see the men were walking straight and quietly.—Pressed by Counsel, be would say, that when he came across O'Hare at 1-30 a.m.,o'flare was drunk. John Parr, lock keeper, in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., said he remembered, about 8 or 9 persons coming towards his hut. It would be 10 minutes after ten. Tile men were all "tipsy." Mr Smith : How ? NJW I want you to tell me how I could tell a "tips" man from a sober one P. (Laugh- ter.)—Witness : Well a sober man walks straight, and a "tipsy" one sheers about?. (Laughter.) Mr Smith: I; that all P—Witness: They were jabbering, too, like a lot of Wels'nnen. (Renewed laughter.) P.C. George Carrine,toe, of Runcorn, said between seven and ei2ht o'clock on the 29:h ipril, he went to the Queen's Hotel wi'h Superintendent Pearson and Sergeant Gregory. Superintendent Pearson told the landlord they were mekieg inquiries about a sailor who was drowned, and who was said to have been at the Queen's that night. The:landlord replied He had had no sailors in." The Superintendent then asked whether he could tell the names of any .of the men who were in the house ? The landlord replied "He could remember none "The Superintendent then asked defendant whether ' he filled a gallon bottle of beer to be taken away. To that Mr Whitfield replied "The only bottle I filled was a quart glass bottle which was taken away be a woman.' On the 30th of April, he visited the Qseen's Hotel again, in company with Constable Bowyer and O'Hare. Too landlord then said Oh, yes. I remember this man being in. He came in at 8 o'clock and remained until about 10 p.m., and I served him with the beer he had.".

This concluded the case for the prosecution. For the defence, Mr Smith contended that even if he left the case as it was, he had no hesitation in saying there was not a court, or jury in the ciountry which would convict on such evidence. Criticising the svidence, he contended that two out of three of the wit- nes.ses alleged a most wonderful lapse of memory, which in face of the tragedy which had taken place that night was most remarkable:Three others of the witnesses who had appeared before the Coroner were missing, having entirely disinpeared for reasons best known to them- selveS, a circumstance which was most disappointing. But with regard to the witness Pierce, he was what he would call a mathematical witness,dividing drunkenness into half, three parts, and quite drunk. (Laugher.) happily the law held no such distinctions, and he aub- ' mitted that the prosecution had totally failed. Their defence would be an the defendant had stated to the police when told that he would be prosecuted, "that the men were sober, and they would bring plenty of witnesses to prove it."

Tnomaa Wi-aiifield said, he had teen landlord of the Qaern's Hotel for the last 11 years. About 4 years ago to was e•mvicted for permitting drunkenness. but his landlord had permitted him to remain, and the police had had'nothing further to complain of. He saw the two sailors O'Hare and Tucker there. They remained on the premises from Bto about 10 o'clock, and had await 2 puts each and two or three halves (what they called " big gills.") None of the customers he had in that night were under the infiuence of drink.-13y Mr. Fletcher: He did not supply tbe gallon jar to Acton. H. Webster, furniture dealer, of Runcern,said he was in the Queen's Hntel,with Captain Abrams. He entered ,h= house abnut 22 minutes to ten, an 4 left at three minutes to ten o'clock. He stood outside the house chatting with his friend. There was plenty of light from a lamp and the,windows of the hotve and heiwould I say that the men he saw come out were perfectly sober. (Jr ad led that had Acton been drunk he would have noticed it.

John St.reteh. minter. Runcern.maid he was in the •. litllllZ "of the Queen's Hotel. Acton left the mug at 20 minutes to ten. Be saw the people in the bar, but they- all appeered to be quite nober.—Elv Mr Fletcher : Be alga w Jones and he too was sober,

A number of other witnesses also swore to the sobriety of the men Acton, O'll*re and others. The Bench after a brief retirement dismissed the Case on to ground of insufficient evidence.

Angling.

A mooting of the executive Cnincil of the Northern Anglers' Association was beld on Saturday at the Golden Bail Winwich-street, Warrington, the chair him, occupied by Conedilor J Sutherland, Wigan. In hie opening tesnorks he made special mention of the loss the As4eciation bad sustained by the death of Mr T F Wallwork, late treasurer, with ss hose widow I and familr a vote of condolence was unanimously passed. The Secretary reported that Mr Corbett hid grantoil tho Association the fishing rights in the Shrop- shire Union Canal over which he holds the sporting rights. Mr D Cureden was elected treasurer, and Mr Rind trustee. The delegates were afterwards invited to tea, which Mrs Welsby had prepared. and were also conducted through the trout hatchery in the Park.

The season opens to-day (Saturday) in the Shropskiire Union Canal and Lancaster Canal. All anglers who are members of the WarringtLa Workingmen's Anglers I Association can weigh in coarse ilati from to-day.

ASK or CUNISIMCMAU 111013-CLAS3 WATina-Ad

===== 0002601_19010524_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR

ALL DISEASES OF TIIE BLOOD.

CLEANSES the system from all Impurities. CURES PIMPLES ON rrn3 FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THII SKIN.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS.

6 m_"'t

===== 0002601_19010524_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES.

TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much p'easnre to send you a testimonial regarding the effifieney of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered (rem a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I Should state to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do. (Sigoed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND is. 91, PER BOTTLE.

SULPHUR TABLETS

===== 0002601_19010524_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN ALL TRH VIRTUES OF THAT

OLD FASHIDERD REMSDY.

PRICES 6D. AND 11D. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually sold.

COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

Comp()led of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Perurian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Gualacum Wood, lklevreon Boot, Licorice, tc. BD. PER PACKET.

Makes one quart. Full directions enclosed.

By a coury of WILLS' BLOOD AND SK IN POWDERS

Blotches, Pimples, Belts, &c., are speedily rellyoi and permanently cured.

PRICE 63. AND Is. PER BOX.

BOOL9 COAL TAR SOAP.

PURIFYING tI LUSINFROTIN4I t

SOOTS COAL TAR SOAP it an excel:ent mimetic or the preservation o! the skin, and for making it delicately ii:At and healthy.

21 PER TABLET FIVE TABLETS FOR Is.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRENGTOX

WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA. FUND FOR THE RELIEF OF THE walls AND CRILDRRN RHSERVIST6. In consequence of the funds sukscribed for the relief of the Wives and Children of Reservists beicg almost exhausted I beg to invite the Inhabitants of Warrington anl neighbour hood to a MARTINO. in the TOWN HALL on THURSDAY the 23rd lust., at 8 o'clock for the purpose eif raising further Funds for preserving the Hornes of the Men serving their ronntry in south Africa, and for helping their wives and children.

HENRY ROBERTS. Mayor, Town Hail. Warrington. May 17th, 19N. C"NTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON -- TRANSVAAL CAMPAIGN REM WP FUND. LIST OF SUBeCRIPTIONS. Staff and Employes, Ryland' Bro. Ltd, 30th instalmentlo 0 0 Employes and Oaneral Staff,7 CrosArld and rous Ltd., 33rd Instaltn.nt Proceeds from Mr r almond Lecture on Routh Africa per Captain Wang ... 3 2 0 Employes or P Walker and Son. King-street and Hallam, 60th gird Sit Instalments 2 9 0 Employes of W mit h and 80n.37th instal. 1 3 6 Empbtyes of Longford Wire Co Ltd., 44th imtaltnent Employes of t,ankey Wire ltlills,b7lb,inotal 015 6 Employes of Harry Fairciough, Ills and Bth instalments 0 14 91 Parish Church Young Men'. Bilge Class 20th instalment 0 10 0 Amounts previously acknowledged 5784 14 2

Total £sBll 7 11

ÜBLIX MILLS, 163. Lee-street. Oldham, wants Ladles and Gentlemen to JOIN Ws Personally-0 mdnoted ntIPS to rIS ,It WHITSUNTIUR.

roAp aRy.—WKIIT 8D (for six weeks) experieneedTenng. _ug LAOY for general tracie.—Apply Lax AlrD WIN'S; Ifll ilortemarket-ttreets Warringtol2. ,

• ••••••••.

r

===== 0002601_19010524_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A LANDIIA RIK ALREADY.

The year 1901 has already become a landmark in the history of the United Kingdom, and sorrow has marked with unwonted universality the whole of the nations of the Earth. How two is it, that grief and affi ction are the common lot of at, ar d that suffering c ones to all men and women alike, the great and the lowly, in the palace and in the cottage ; but in sickness there is the consolation that sufferinK may be assuaged, strength increased, and health—generally sneaking—restored by attention to the dictates of Nature, and the enliatmen• in man's service of the bountiful goodness that abounds in the fertilty of the earth, the gifts of a beneficent pro- vidence. The most striking instance of the gathering In of these benefits for human suffering is found in Gwilym Evans' uinine Bitters, wh,ch comprises a scientific compounding of the virtues to be derived from Batas p tr- ills. Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, Dandelion, Saffron, and Quinine: an array of health giving tonic proper lea not to be surpassed, even in Nature's Garnery of Good- ness. This reviving, invigorating,strengthening remedy, when.otber attempts to cure have failed, often brings quick'irelief to sufferers from weakness of both, and un- strung nerves, indigestion, poor blood,depressed spirits, and it increases the joy of life to all. It well may be termed " Nature's Great Tonic." BETTER BE SAFE THAN SORRY.

In the study of human affairs around us, offering the very greatest diversity of circumstances relating to physical troubles and suffering, there is always the temptation to say that "luck or chance bas much to do with such matters. Cattle other hand,if we , see a man, hale and hearty. and well up in y ears, we say "He wears well,' little thinking of the carefulricsa, the watchfulness, and the adapting of means to an end, that such a man exerches over himself. Then, again, we may hear of some wonderful cure effected, at a time when the patient's case seemed hopeless,how increOulou we often are at such times, and if Overtaken by ilneas we are apt to go on in the old humdrum way, just be- cause of our unbelief ,but depend upon it, you had better be safe than sorry, and if you are suffering from general weakness, nervou,ness, and prostration, with disinclina- tion to work, without being downright ill, the safest, the surPst,and the most satisfactory remedy is "Gwilym Evans' " Quinine Bitters. Its wonderful cowers have proved marvelous in hundreds of cases. When purchas- ing he sure you find the name" Gwilym Evans "on the label 4 stamp, and bottle. without wh;ch none arP genuine. Sold in bottles 23 9‘.1 and 4s 81, or in cases of three 4s 6d bottles for 123 61, of all Pyteat Medicine Vendors aid Chemists, or direct, carriage free, from th. Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

WILT 'BUSES Do NOT PAT.—A Bus CONDUCTOR'S THEFT.— , PILFERING FROH THE COLLECTING Boa. Before the Atlas or and other magistrates at the Wat- rington :Police Court, on Friday, a boy was charged with stealing, 6s 4d in cash the property of the Warring- ton Carriage Company.—The Chief Constable said the boy, was emp oyed as a 'bus cicductor on the Stockton Ep.a,th route arid on Monday evening he was in charge of the 'bus which left Stockton Heath at 10,10. He went ron r. with the box to collect the Lacs hi the usual way and a passenger named Mr Lize.nby put in as he thought two half-cennies Afterwards ne became uncertain as to whether ore if the, coins was not a shilling, and he mentioned the matter to the prisoner. The boy told him that he could not tell whether he had put the shilling in or rot with- out going to tte office to have the cash taken out of the loor- Mr L4z-nby accompanied the pris-uaer to the and the contents of the box were examined. It was found that not only was there no shilling in it, hut neither were there two halfpennies.—Mr Worrall, manager for the Company, became suspicious at d accused the lad of having tampered with the box. After some denial he produced fourpence from one of his pockets and said be bad stolen It The two halfpennits were included in the cash and Mr Lavtiby was now satisfied that he did not put a shilling in the bc.x. Mr Worrall was not satisfied that this was the whole extent of the boy's crime and began to examine his jacket. From one pocket he took twelvf, sixpence's aad eventually had to admit that 6 4J reors. sented his day's pilfering, from the box. On beLng, &barrel with the theft he said be took the money but other boys were as bad • He said the drivers " put th. m up to it," On being further qaestioned he could not fix any distinct charge on an individual driver. The prisoner bad been:convicted of theft before and birched.. It was no wonder that they were repeate,lc being told that the 'buses did not pay —ln answer to the chairman the toy mention,d the names of two drivers whom he said asked him "bow much be had teen making" by theft. Last we, k be gave one of. them sixpence which he had stolen 'fine Bench considered the offence a very serious one, as the c:ompany were undoubtedly heavy sufferers b, this kind of thing.—They imposed a fine of 15,, the Mayor remarking that if any ha-, drivers, tried to corrupt these they would have to look out." boy's morals, "

===== 0002601_19010524_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR LASES. - Warrington Borough Court.

FHLDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair) Councillors Smet- hurst and John Roberts and Mr. Thornton. Pr'ire DEsEnTlost.—George Turner, Glazebrook-street. was summoned for deserting his wife Annie Turner, 105, School Brow.--.Mr Steel appeared for the complainant and Mr. Browne represented the defendant.—Mr Browne on behal! of the defendant agreed to an order being made, but asked that defendant should have custody of the children, alleging that in consrquence of her drunken habits, his wife was nut capable of looking after them. —Mr. Steel, for his client alleged that the defendant was very intemperate, and denied that the woman had drunken habits. She was a fit and proper person to have custody of the children. She asked for a separation order with 12s a week alimony. The parties had been married seven years and had two children. Defendant constaptly Mused his wife After hearing evidence on leoth sides the Bench granted an crier with 10s per week the wife to have the custody of the children. LeyeeY Sc ENE IN THE MARKEY- PLA.CE. —Nellie Leigh, 54 Fulton-street si mmoned Hannah Jellison, 140, Knutsford road, for assaulting her last Wednesday.—There was a CrosS summons against Leigh for assaulting Ellison. —Mr Jenkins app,:ared on behalf of Mrs Leigh. and Mrs Ellison was represented by Mr Forshaw.— Ms Jenkins said that on Wednesday af term) a Mrs Leigh was in the cloth market. Mrs Ellison came up with her sister-in-law sill some other women and noticing Mrs Leigh, exclaimed • Look at her" and bursted out laughing. Mrs Leigh shouted that she was laughing at her because she ((rs Leigh) was better than her. Mrs Ellison thereepon strack Mrs Leigh across the face and the sister also hit her with a string bag. Mrs Leigh then struck her in return—ln her evidence Mrs Leigh said that if a police °facer had not come on the scene she would have been pulled to pieces—F.O. Johnson stated that he was on duty la the Market-place and saw Mrs Ellison turn round and speak to Mrs Leigh. Subsequently she struck her across the face Both women closed in tegether, and commenced scratching and pulling one another's heir. Fie separated them.—kir Forshaw alleged that Mrs Leigh was the aggressor, and c lied witnesses who staters that she made use of bid language. One witness stated that on another occasion Mr. Leigh threatened her' stating that she would pull her b— lights out and hang them round her neck."--The Bench decided to fine Mrs Ellison fie. —Mr Forshaw : I think that is hardly hdr. I have proved my case to the hilt,—Com- plainant's witnesses admitted in assault was committed by Mrs Leigh.—The Mayor: You have no right to crlticiae the decision of the Bench. Your rem .rks are out of order and It is quite inconsistent with the position you hold to make any reflections on the decision. Mortnew.—Before Mr F Monks (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst end Messrs Hayward, Wright and Thornton. HOPELESSLY Iressee.—The Chief Constable said there was on the list the name of Mary Ellen McEwen. 19, Neen-st . wt o was brought to the Police Station on Saturday tile ht, on a charge of b. lug drunk and disorderly, and doing wilful damage to a window. Subseuent to the arrest alth ,ugh she was suffering from the effects of drink, it was fou d that she was hopeleasly insane, and he had her removed to the Workhouse as a lunatic. He now withdrew the charge. MARG kRET OAKEI.— the Chief Constable exvained that with r wird to the ease against Margaret (Jake', an unfortu- nate woman, whom they all knew. an adjournment for a month lied been granted, and a magistrate had endeavoured to gett,her hato a hou.e of reformation. He had not, uu to the present been %isle to definitely do so, and he (the Chief Constable) asked for another adjourameut or a month.— This was agreed to. HUSBAND AND Pits:E.—John Crosby and Mary Jane Crosby 19, Albert-street, were charged with committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Tao ners-lane ott Ma.; 12th. P C. Heap stated that at 1 5 a.m. on the date in question he was on duty in Tanners'-lane and his attention was attracted by a disturbance at the corner of Bewsey-road. lie procee ed there and saw the defendants surrounded by a large crowd. The female clef endarn was trying to strike her husband with one of her shoes shouting that she would split his skull. The man was pulling his wife one way and she wanted to go - another. Witness eventually got them away and obtained their names and addresses.—Defendants were bound over and ordered to pay 5s costs INCR. CRUELTY Ti) A CAT —John Bennett, 49, Lancaster-street, was summoned for illtreating a cat by violently beating it on May 4th.—A Mrs. Padgett add her cat went into def •ndant's yard and she heard it sculeakin: as if in pain. She went tato the yard and Mrs. Bennett gave her the cat. She said her husband had . one something to it,but she did not know what The cat was bleeding, and there was about three and a half inches of hair and flesh off the tail. The Magistrates' therk (Mr G. F. F. White) Why slid he do It ?—Complainant : suppose he thought it was going for his pigeons. He had complained the day before about it. I told Sirs, Bennett to throw water over the cat,—Jehn Dixon, veterinary surgeon, said the cat, which was a valuable one, was brought to him. Aeout three and a half inches of hair and flesh had beer stripped.—lnspecor Print ti.S.P C.A said the cat was a alive grey Fenian one. When he examined the animal it was cer- tainty in pain and cried out every time he touched it. He saw the defendant about the matter and he aeknowledg:d that he had injured the eat. He said he was under the influence of drink at the time or he would not have done it. Defendant now said he found the Cat in his pigeon cote. Be took it by the neca and "banged" , it out. A fine of be was imposed. The Chairman said Mrs Padgett must keep the cat in bar own house. CADP,IJEY'S CoCOi has a world-wide reputation as a des eons, strengthening beverage, B.d a valuable nutritive food the "Lancer says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always Insist on having Cabanar's--sold only ifl packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for kke take ei cars ;TOM—Advt. (E)

===== 0002601_19010524_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY —Before Messrs. A. it Norman and J Pritchard, VACC EN crioN MPT.ON.—George Rands, 39, N or,' an road Runcorn. W4ll granted a certificate exempting a child of his fmrn vaccination —Applicant stated that snot htd. child Of his had suffred trom vaccination, and he feared the opera- tion would be detrimental to hi child's hes th

_ B. fo-e ire P J. Norman and 3. Pri, chard. A YoUTHFLTL C.,AL STEALER. -Peter Bra ibury, a yeah 15 yesrs of ske of 29 Cawdor-st, eat pleaded goitl. ti stealing 1815 s. of coal valu d at 2d. the property of the Man- cheste- Ship Canal Co nany and elected to be surnmari;y dealt with,— It aopeared that prison r was seen going in ti,e direction of a coal stack belonging to the 111.i,C Co. si uate at the 13.,ttons of the rnd Coach-road, on the 4th May, by a boy name, Bowoen Later priainer ca' seen by ...obert Moores, a watchman in the act of filling the bag with col, I and again with the b in his arms. On seeing the watch- man he noi away but wit, eventu. lly overtaken Prisoner thee offered to retu-n the cots to where he ha.: taken it from —Prisoner who had been previously convicted for at .a,ing a melodeon, from a canal boat, was fined 5s and c7s costa or 14 days. AeIsAULT ON THE POLICE.—Henry Pattison a sailor of the Owen Tudor.- ph. ad d guilty to being drank and disorder- ly in Duke street; and in answer to a charge of assaulting Police Constable dwards. sate he could not ray anything to that as he was drunk —Constable B.4wards stated about .0 pin on isaturdaylnight he was called to the prison r, Woo Was using abusive language towards Thomas Steele the check-taker at the Theatre. The constable eventually took him ir.to custody. Prisoner WRS very quiet as far as Devonshire-square. but when he got that far he said he wou,d "show them what a Liverpool lad could do." He became very violent, an- kicked and bit the policeman. and a man . . .

named Hargraves, who assisted in locking him up.— Fii.ed 5s and fie costs. or seven days for the first case.— With regard to the seciaa charge pris.iner as committed to Kim' o for 14 days without the option of a fine. —"the Chairman ' added they could mat ailow L•verpool ads"l to come to I Runcorn and kr_cck their police about.—Hargraves wa corn- pliment d for the assistance he rendered the poles and ! allowe 48. PETTY LABCRNY.—Thomas Green, labourer, of 47. Heath- road, Runcorn, pleaded guilty to stealing a wooden scantling valued 2s 3cl. the property of Messrs Simpson D.vita, and Sons on the pr vious evening.—From the evidence of P.C. Thomas 'Spencer Bowyer it ap eaied he saw the prisoner scaling the wall of the yard of Messrs Simpson,Davies 8c Sons pass the pieie of wood over and hollow it. He asked him What he Was coing wit'a it and he said he intended In .king a bow-a prit for his vessel with it lavidence was given that the priscnor h-. 1 no right to the timber.- Killed Us and its costa or 14 days.

THE STRIKES AT WARRINGTON Probable Settlement of the Cabinet Maker's Dispute. There is every proby teat the Crike of cabinet makrs, carvers and machinists in ,-he employ of M-ssr- II Garnett and Sons and Greenhalgh and Company will t. rininate this we. k-end. A meeting between the men's delegates and representatives f the employers tuck place on Thursday evening. Alter considerab:e di,.- cussion the masters decided to graht concessions with regaid Lo the working-out conditions and as a re-Mc i-. is expected that the men will resume work on Monday. A meeting of masters and men in connewjou with the basket makers' dispute also took place on Thursday ev• ning, but the parties failed to come to terms. A inaement of the causes of the strike as given by Mr 3ebbington, one ok the men's representative s, at the meeting oi the Trades and Labon r Cuncil is published in another column. The men are very firm in their .demands and on Thursday refused to give way on any point.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
PROSTRATE Wll H ANAEMIA AND

BILIOUSNESS.

A Life Long Sufferer Cured by Bile Beans A Widnes Woman's Woes.

The wonderful (IE, any at Caarles Forde's Bile Beans for 13iLousness has just been demonstrated at Wiunes. In a thickly-populat, d part of the town, seldom free from the obnArious tumes emitted from chemica!, iron, copper arid soap works, Mrs. Charnock. wf ot Mr Inomas Charnock. a London and North-Westein Rail- way engine driver, and the subject of this cure airgi bar. From her earlieit years her life was rendered weariscrne by constant attacks of biliousncss.and vio ect headaches, which would at short intervals completely prostrate her. She now lives in Fuster-street, and tutu to a " Widnes We(Aly News" reporter, the foi.r,wing tact for publication. " From my earliest days," said she "1 suffered from biliousness, sickheadache, and debility. The attacks came on at regular inter- vals and lasted three or four days. Thil, were marked by nausea, violent reaching, rack.ng pains in the head. dizzieess and prostration.

I was completely helpless while they lasted, anti coul,) not attend to any of my domestic duties. My corn- p:exion became pallid and the neighbours thoujit I wa, suffering from con,umption. The doctors said it was anaemia. I was frequently under medical treatment. but only temporary relief resulted. Directly I left rif t•kinLr, their 31, dicine, the attacka quickly returned an I was as had as ever. About three months av when my illness was at its worst stage, I beard of Charles Forde's Bile Beans. A wmphlet was put under the door, and reading there a numb .r of cases similsr I o my own lit cid dto undergo a course of Beans. InW iced a bent ficial effect almost immediately. In the first place my il uess passed if much more rapidly- ' than hitherto, and I began to feel mote Ike myself. By a little penteverance with the Beans I guarded against any new attack. Day by day I grew stronger; and never since have I ,be-n troubled with my old complaints. lam now in splendid health, better than I hav, ever been in Inv life. I can do my housework with comfort and attend to be Wren too,altogetherlille is happier and briglr er for me. Co Bile Beans alone I owe this splendid improv I shall always keep them and recommend th-in to ins fri,drli, being fully convinced they are capable of doing all the proprietors claim for them, My brother has also d Aired great benefit from their use. He had lost his appetite and a rash twits nut over his lace, I got him to try Bile Beans, and they have completely cured him Be can r w e-t heartily, and the rash has quite gone.". Charles Forno's Bile Beans for BiliouseePs, not only , cure atrenia, biliousness, and headache but are unrival:ed for indigestion, liver and kidney complaints, the alter effects of influenza, all female ailments, palpit- ation, piles, constipation, dizziness, pimples, face sores, ulcers, and all spring blood impurities, pains in the chest and back, Bile Beans may be had of any chemist or from the Bi- Ban Manufacturing Co., 119, London Wall, London E,C., on receipt of la I.ld or 2a 91 (2a 9,1 box contains three times is 111.)

Good Templary in South West Lancashire. The quarterly meeting of the South West Lan- ca6hire District Lodge of the I.U.G T„ was beld.on Sa ureay in the Temperance Institute, Southport. Bro. the Rev J A Lee, D C.T. (Liverpool), presided over a good muster of represenratives and vbitors from ail parts of tue district, which extmds irom Southport to Warringtoa and from Liverpool to L-igh.—Fourteen new members were admitted into DL. Degree, —The D C.T., in his report, said he was glad the Order was holding its own in E•on h W.at Lat,cishire. He urged the members to arrange more open-air work during the summer months. After some di-cu-ion in which Brothers Sheath ( Narrington), Peterson (Liver- pool), Vint (Ashton-iu-%lakerfield), and others took part, the report was adopt ed.—Bra Morris Jones, D Sec (Liverpool), Presented his report, which showed there were 48 lodges in the districl with a membership of over 2,400, this being en in- crease on the quarter's work.—The report was adopted —The report of the D Treasurer shewed a substantial balance in hand,—Bro G Clarke, D.E.S. (Earlesroun) reported on the political work of the Orier anti referred to the tile of Drink to Children Bill which has reached a very favourable stage in Parliament, and other Temperance Measures now before the country. The report was adopted. The Juvenile department was reported on by BrNt 3 wman, D.S.J.T. (Earlestown), wbo stated that the work was progr fusing favourably. There was a membership of 1,476 The report was adopted. An interesting discussion followed, and brought an in.teresting meeting to a close. The neat session will be held at Linaker, Liverpool in June,

Death of a Well-known Vocalist. At the sge of 62, Mr. George Barton. one of the most famous tenora in the north of England, who had appeared at all the principal concerts, ied on Tuesday morning at tho St Helens Hospital, after prolonged Wm ss. Mr Barton appeared as a youth before Sir Arthur Sul iivin and Signor Ranclegger. FDr the last 12 or 14 ears he had been residirig at New Brighton. Mr Barton was at cue time well- known in musical cirees in Warrington, and has frequently sung at to •al concerts. His last appear- ance here was at the rarr Hall, when he had o cor- dial reception on the occaeion of hie benefit concert ,

utter 1 ri==l .e .._ , vt 4e at ta - -- = '111,...11, I 044-, / ~ 4 :..... x 0 IP,A., rsk 04 ...,...-,-- ISN:::.--- ..0 ...e. '

===== 0002601_19010524_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKEI.

- - CRI C KET F.P.S wtll be glad to know that GEo. G. BIASEY AND CO Catalogue is oot and may be obt.ined from Sp .ris Dealers, This Ma ufacturng Firm as always ben' on improvements. Theirnew Comp-und Ball " LOID "Is the most perfect resemblanee to the !rather Match Ball that has been produced, costing under hal the price For Leading Clubs G G. B. & Co's " Duntex Cover" reigns paramount over all Cricket Balls. (No 61).

Seerwaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that retorts of matches pleyed on Saturday must re ‘ch the Head Cffice, Bewsey-street Warrington. before 10 n'cl..ck on Thursda morning, otherwise they eannot, be inserted.

--- - W ARRINGTON V. NDRTRERN. —This mates was played on the Wateteoo ground on Saturday in ideal weather. and resulte iin a handsome win for the home team Score : NORTHERN. WARRINGTON. JW T Lashm ir c Hamp- Thewlis b Shutt . 4 son b Gibson 2 B Shco.t.k a Thompson b B L Pick a and b Gibson 3Z Shutt R K Ferule a Briggs b J. Gibbon b Job , Gibson lO Dr Smith a Job b mliutt 5 F G Thompson lbw 13 J Callon b .1.,b . 3 Smith Rev J Burrough c Callon b Shill. ............... ........ 8 1 Smith ...., 1 P B Hawtin b Shutt ...... 0 , G Holt not out 77 W H Pedal, re b Job ...... 4 W Fraser lbw b Gibson 5O J. A Brig- eb 3 'la S B Job c Hampson b G Honpson bJw 3O smith Shutt no out . F W Rom hr and W K

Fernia did not bat. Extras.... Extras . 18

- Total (for 7 wkt5)...208 T.,tal ll6 NW/LING ANALTNIS• NORTHERN. WAREINGTON• o. M. R. W. o. M R W ThewHs lO 2 29 0 S B Job 13 Gibson V. 264 4 5hat...... ........ 1-, 347 5 Or Smith l4 2.47 3 P G nompson 4 110 0 J Bibby 6 121 0 4 Holt 1 0 5 0 W It Podmore ... 5 0 21 0 J Gibbon

WARRINGTON 2ND V NORTHERN 2ND, The3A teams met at Arpley on :•aturclair. Warrington running out winners by a small margin. Score:— WARRINGTON NORTHERN C E Adamson c Lloyd b i Eiiv H E tilwell b ()romp- Ellsworth 11 Crompton ty Dursndu 0 G W Fraser c sub. b It Pierpoint b Eltsworth 3. Thompson b Airev A Duckworth run out.. R B Woods b Rll.worth 0 H Unsworilo b Dumndu 17 B Pozg, c ,nd b ChoMpSOn 0 L Falrel ,ugh b Durandu C H Bind run oot D Plin-ton not out It Fairclough b Durandu B S Pilling c, Duckworth b Thompson 7 W Alrey c L Fairolough b Woods 7 3 W Ellsw rib not out 4 F Durandu run out Extras l4 Extras 3

Tot al 135

Total 133

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. PLATT BRIDGE T. V. —Playecl on taaturday at Plattißridge. and ended in a victory for the visi- tors by 63 runs. Score : w IRE MILLS. PLATT BRIDGE. Woottcock lbw b Parkinson 14 Anderton b J BVallti Burton run out J Evans b Bond Clough c J Ratetiffs b L Foster b Burton Ratcliffe 4l James ILdcliffe lbw b Clarke b L Ratcliffe H Cock c and b L Ratcliffe 0 Bond b Burton W Evaus b Parkinson IL Cook run out Barlow run out 3 b Burton 3 Loy not out Foden b Bond 1 Woodcock Roby not out 0 Batt 5.3 9 Extras 4 Total 123 Total 6O

SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND XI. Y. RUNCORN ATHLETIC.— This match was played at Warrington on iaturavg, and resulted in a win for the Wire Mills by seven runs. goore : WINE MILLS. RUNCORN ATHLETIC. Pritchard b Burrows 0 Steowtv a Clegg b Hewitt not out lB Pritchard Mo.,ks h Burrows Lavell b Mores 't &liar b Burrows F ,r 4 b lin :owe _ __ ... .-

Morrell b Burrows 7 Burrows b Hewitt Clegg h Barrows 0 Cook b Hewitt 2 Keoweet b Burrows Haywood b Barrows Kling b Cotterell 0 Lesthwood o Pritchard b Hewitt 0 Bridge. not out . 1 Turner b Kenwrigbt Extras 7 Extras

Total 52 Total CHEIRIRE 1 INKS BNOINEERS V. Rims.Nna BROS IST, Played on thlturaftv last at Manchester-road Scores :

RYL•NDS. ENGINEERS. Ch,mberlsin o Howard b Howard o Whittaker b Duckworth W hittaker b Duckworth ... 0 Irvine C Dalin b Plevin 5 Warhurst h H..uk• 4 Duckworth b Brardsell ... 3 Beardsell b 0 P R Lawless b Butter-

... .. _ .. Bakin run out Plevin b %Conks Klsseon b Duot,w.wth Kanvon b nuokworth...... 0 J. 14 Genders b Beardsell 3 Batterworth b Monks ...... 1 John Genders b_Beardsell 10

—..—. —...—......-- .... Brown 0 Robinson b J Monks b B avd ell Monks Sanders not out P Robinson did not bat. Extras 0 Extras 0

Total ... l-2 Total for 9 wkts ... 63 Monks and Duckworth bowled very well for the Engineers, their analysis being ..- 3 Monks 6.2 overs 2 maideni 5 runs 4 wkts. 3 Duckworth 5 „ 2 „ 7 .. 5 ..

CHESHIRE LINES BROM ZERO 2ND V. RYLANDS BROS. 2ND.,— At Dattrrsbv-lane Sc )re

KNOTNEERS PYLANDS Bell stp Carpenter b Beard- Carpenter b Deeley 0 tell Forster h Beard!. 11 Starkey t. Reardsell 5 Beards's!! b Deeley 0 Me-on b Cementer Shnek'el b Beer].Nell Fitton c Bermes b Carpenter 2 A Sinclair a Jordan b Massey b Cernenter HI nedey b Carpenter _ . 1 B Jolley a Crozier b Jor- .

Barnard not out Jordan b Beardae _ _ _ _ _ _

- - Crozier b Carpenter 1 Perdue a Mon b Jordan 1 Stockton b Deeley Extras 2 Extras 4

Total 44

Total 3l

ARLEY PiRIE F LATCHFORD BAPTIFIF —Played at Arley on Saturday. and resulted In an easy victory for Latchford by 128 rune. Snore t

ARLF.V PARR'. L ATCHFORD. J H gmith hi Hallam 0 Hun,. b 3 II Smith l2 Leland b Spenslev Rev 3 H Toogood b J W Hallam o Sub b Lever 52 Hallam

Tiek—Te-FHunt b!•lpenslAv... 3 H Smith 3B Lever e 'Hunt b Hallam... 1 Lester .c Ireland b J II

Jones e an 4 b 3 Hallam 0 Smith p4o-nbvbJHllatn 0 Albinson o Lever b Too- _ _

_ 13 Greswell rt SpPnser . b good Spensley 0 Spenser b Toogood 0 H Smith b Spensley 0 Rpeneley b Lever 0 Gorarm lbw b Spensley Ellsworth not out 0 S llneworth b TOogood... 0 Heald b Lever n Extras ..... 3 Extras l2

Total l4

_ 142

HutME GRAMMAR SCHOOL • WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SeffooL —At Alexandra Park on Saturdey Hnime Grammar School : Bradbury 14. Southern 13, Allen 86. B T vhihl 18. Buekiand 11, H S Wibl 12. Johnson (not out) 6. Jeffries 0, Bryceson (not out) ' . extras 8, total (Inn' gs clost,d) 167. Warring' on Grammar Sof 00l : Niles 9, Richardson 18. Cooke 6 Howard n, 0 If Oliff 2. Sankey 0,5 d B 01,ff 3, Percival 5, Young 5, Roberts 3. Corney (not out) 2. extras 6, total 59. WortglNOMEN'll MISSION v. EARLESToWN Wg9LEVINS Play -o at Arpley and ended Inn win for the Stlissbn by seven runs : woltalNCiMisN's MISSION. 8 EG Al 811::08 DT 08Wn Na aWbh Ee Bonns otxE T. . .1.: . 96 Cox 6: , Davies h T Clare. ' Dutton b Hipwood Dunn b Hlpwood 0 Glover b Cox ...... ............ Hassell oHipwood b '('Clare 6 Clare° Hardin Harding 0 ItJblilsOn b Robinson o Hough h Hipwool n Goon o Tilling b Cox— 5 H&keth h Hipwotal Cox not out Bennett e Hipwood b T Graham 13 Davies b Clare 7 Bennett .....................2 Hough b T Clare 2 Stokes not out Morris b Hipw-od Tilling o Jones b T Clare... 0 Extras ll Extras 3 ,

Total 44

_ Total

OLD FALSIt TIDITH BOUGHT. Full value In cash or offer per ~return of. post, R D. atd J. 13 Fra.er. Ltd., Princes...treat, Ipswich. The largest sad oldest buyers in the world.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 24 1901.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PARK.

Some of its Interesting Features.

Warrington does not possess— many attractive ! features—its most devoted itenairere will be ready to admit that—but one thing it can b ast of, and that is a fine public park. It is doubtful whether ' many towns of the size of Warrington can claim to be ahead of it in the latter respect, and Warring- tonians have just cause to be proud of their park. Situated in the heart of the town it may ha likened to an oasis in the desert, and no doubt it is the means of briatening the perhaps mdnotonous lives of many of the inhabi- tants. For what can be more pleasant alter a day's bard toil, than for the workingman to spend an hour or so amid beautiful surrounoings, where nature's handiwork can be seen to advantage, de- spite the fact that outside the park the hum of business goes on unceasingly throughout the day. At the present time the park is well worlh a visit. The sunshine and showers of the past few weeks have had a visiloy good effect. The trees are in full leaf, whilst the laburnum and lilac and a dash of brighter colour to the folage. Durittg the past week the vane-coloured tulipe have been the source of admiration- by the visitors, but it is in the course of the next week or two that the gardens will be looking at their best. The rhododendrons will then be in full bloom, and an excellent display is anticipated The trimly kept grounds speak volumes for the painstaking care which has been bestowed upon them by Mr Parker, the head gardener, and his assistants. The aviary, which contains a splendid collection of birds, is now undergoing its annual cleansing and lirnewabing. One of the most attraotive features of the Park is the aquarium which was recently erected. It comprises eleven large tanks, wich contain Loch Leven (British) and Rainbow (Californian) trout, carp, roach, orff, loach, eels and tench. It was indeed a happy idea when the Town Hall, Park, and Bathe Cornm•tt.ee decided uperi this addition to the Park. What before was a b ank wall now pre- sents quite a rusticated appearance. Bark end ' cork have been utilized in coveting the brick., and these have been r ,ughei over with cement. The tanks are placed in ucesses and the ptetty effect is heightened by the insertion of flowering plants in niches brined for the purpose. The fish seem to thrive well amid their artificial surround- ing and their movemeots are daily observed with interest by large numbers of visitors. By far the most interesting aequisition,however. . is the trout hatchery at the res.^ of the aquarium For the informmon of our readers we may state that the public are allowed to inspect the hatchery on apolication to tee Park Keeper (Mr Ashton)who is willing to supply any information concerning the breeding of trout. The department well repass inspection. Here may be seen something like 30,000 Lech Leven and 30,000 Rainbow trout in .the course of hatching out There are several troughs containing the fish in different stages of growth. In the course of two or three months 39,000 of the trout will be sent to the rearing ponds in the Bollin.

The Serpentine and small ponds are well stocked with trout, and one cannot help but contrast these fine larg-i specimens with the small fish in the hatchery. At about six o'clock every even'ng the trout are fed, and the feeding i indeed a sight to remember. A representative of the 'Examiner" watched this interesting operation on Thursday evening and was astonished at the voracity of the trout. It may seem strange, hut nevertheless, it is a fat that when the Park keeper approached the water carrying a box contivning the food the fish imme lately commenced to swim rapidly towards the feeding place, When the meat was thrown in, the usually placid water was all astir, the trout throwing themselves bodily to the surface in order to obtain their share of the morsels. In the space of a few minutes very little of the mat was to be seen. The "Examiner " reporter gleaned the intere.it- , ing information that the whole of the trout, both in the winds and the hatchery,' consume between them eleven pounds of meat daily. A short time ago an experiment was tried, to see what quantity of food the trout really could demolish, and in the course of fourteen days the fish consumed the hindquarters of a cow in addition to the daily allowance of eleven pounds of meat.

From the foregoing it will be readily conclu led that Warrington Park is a credit to the town, and in regard to the pilcatorial department, it is ques- tionable where any similar parks in the coumry can equal it.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ACDOMMODATION IN WARRINGTON.

More Schools Wanted.

The school accommodation question in VI erring- ton is becoming a sedous one. With a steadily in- , creasing population it natu-ally follows that the number of children seeking admission into the pub- elementary schools increases proportionately. , Since the census in 1891 the increase in the p,pu- lation of Warrington has been at the rate of 1,0001 per annum and judging by the commercial pros- perity of the town there is ground for the belief that this rate of increase will be maintained. The problem to be solved by the educational authorities in Warrington , is how to keep pace with the demand for school accommodation. lu large centres where a school board is in existence, the problem is easily solved by the erection of new schools at the expense of the ratepayers, but in a town like Warrington where no such educational authority exists, the difficulty is not so easily disposed of. The burden of responsibility ress upon the managers of the voluntary schools and at the present moment they , are sorely perplexed as to Vie steps to De taken to ' meet the pressing needs of the town. The Education Bill re•:ently introduced into Par- liament does not help them in the least, but on the contrary tench to create a feeling of unrest as to , the future control of voluntary schools. The pro- posal to place higher grade and technical schools under the control of the municipal authority gives colour to the rumour that in the course of a few years, elementary schools will be placed under the supervision of the same au!hority. Such a con- summation would be heartily welcomed by many }educational reformers in Warrington, and would solve the difficulty which now confronts the volun- tary school managers, for one of the first duties which would devolve upon the Corporation, as the educational: authority, would be to build new schools.

In the absence of any such authority the diffi- culty has to be faced by the voluntary school m ,n- -agers and at the present moment the matter is receiving serious consideration. The number of children for whom accommoda ion is provided in the elementary schools of the Borouvh is 13,461. At the present moment there are over 13 000 chil- dren on the school registers,'the averag- attendance for February last being 12.926. It will therefore be seen that there is an urgent need for steps being taken to provide additional accommodation. The matter was pur very succinctly by His Majesty's Inspector, Mr Phelp-, in the following letter addremsed to the Rev ti ,rley Stevenson : " West Kirby,l2th December,l9oo Dear Mr Steven- son.—The ad litional accommodation needed in Warrington comes to raner a la-ge order and is, as far as I can judge, somewhat a f Alows :—(t) en- largement of St Ana's national (for which plans were, I believe, prepared nearly two years ago); (2) enlargement of Sr Barnabas' national infants' de- . partment ; (3) enlargement of Latchford St James' C E iniants% or, -better still, a new infants' school and the present room thrown into the mixed school; (4) a new school somewhere in the district at pressnt insufficiently supplied by the Fairfield and Hamilton-street schools. Of course, I can only form my opinion from the crowd- ing and refusal to admit which I find in the existing schools. I kn tw nothing of the children—thouith I nave no .I,,tib^, that there are many—who are not attending school at all. A really satisfactory estimate' could only he obtained by a census of the children taken by the local authorities"

The only extensions in pro4ress at the prpsent moment are floe in connection with ilver-street

There le Security ic roro on the toothDrosh ey ery morning „ER's _ NU. e jacee. 8 ozonoNT Will tivietten tit: Breath all days and make all the difference hot: nefdache, tween— :e"xosnrie, stonTstipzi,n.al 1- 2ood rnerli and Bad Teeth. eldrlo:i teeth and Yedow Teeth. limed Tongue, They Touch the Lii er, Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teetb WA De jun Qv ago Cumpiete in Toilet rittlt 1.99t4

cART ITTLE IVER Email Di PILLS Small 1,, .4"olutely cure Si

===== 0002601_19010524_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHaLL 2ND XI v. Mo. BE. —Played at Moore on Saturday. :;core :—Grappenhall, 62 , Moore, 60.

PALATINE CC (FLETCHER RUSsELLA) V RIC/12401MS C C.— Ylayed last •-atur lay on the ground of the latter at Arpley in the pre.,-nee of a large number of speetstors. Palatine won by .?2 runs Score : 1 , • ALA.TINN. RICHMOND'S H Berry b Smiley 6 Brown b T Kuight ... ...... 0 J Fleming c and h Bradley 0 Bradley run out T Keight 2 J. Thompson b Brown 4 Bsiley b Brown T Knight c Brown b Bailey 2?. Knight b Berry 3 P Knight b Bailey 4 %lye to Berry l3 H Brown c Lackenby c Carter b Berry Brown 91 Illan b Brown 3 Caves a Laekenby b Lacketihy retired hurt... 1 1 Brown 3 A Brown not out 4 T Itobinson not out - 0 A Bennett b Bradley.... W Buckley b Bradley Extras 8 Maras 1

Total 7O

Total 33

Runiximin's "B" TEIM V. FLETCHERB 2iiin TEAM—This match took puce at Wllderepool and resulted in a win for the visitors Score : FLETCHER'S. RICHMOND "a" Attwell h Bi•e.hall ....... 4 T Wilotiatihy hit wicket 3 Regan bKi cne 0 Birchsli b Bate Orion b Birchall Miskell h Keene McWhirte, b Birchall 0 Byes l5 Dunhohtee b Keene Tanner b Birehsll Mite b Birchsll 5 Gallop, Warburzon, to Kai b Keene 3 bit Julian b Keene 0 Cartwright not out 1 Byes 6

FLIRFIELD V. WARRINGT )N CATHOLICS 2ND —At Fairfield, Steel wa in good form for the former.playing a good innings for 2', and t dmi ala wickets for ten runs.

_ FLI IFIELD WARRINGTON CATHOLICS. Niell b Roe 2 Ri.,bv b Steel Binl.v b Bate Lowe c and b Bate Boardman rim on Steel b Mile" Brandreth b Hastrs ....... 3 Fagan b titeel H iigh bll stry 3 Hastry b Boardman ...... 11 Fielding c Stirrup b tiller 0 Marley b Steel 2 Ball e Bate b Miller ...... ..... 1 Simmer b Steal Travis b Stirrup Garnett not out... U man Saunders not out Extras 1 Extras

Total 45

Total

GRAPPERRALL V. WINNINGTOV PARK.—Played at arappen- hall on -i.turri‘v resulting in an easy win for the home- eters, CArter egoeci illy distinguishing himself Score i GRAPPENHALL. WINNINGTON PARK• Jas Bar ows b 1 Swindells c Kaye b War Warburton c& b Whally .. 9 burtnn l3 Evans c tire b Whall y ... 4 Whalley b Watson Jno Buirows tttq out 0 Sadler b Warturion _

....,. ......, .... . .. . ... ... Gates c Hodgkhason b Walker b Jno Burrows... 11 De ton JeT king c Dale b Swindells 0 Hodgkinson lbw b Carter 4 Carter b Sadler 4O Jones b Carter 1.. ter-K.ls'e c Dale b Donton b Carter Wa'ker l2 Hughes run out Watson c Hughes b Crea ... 7 Dixon c Carter b Burrows 3 Hobin b Walker Fenton not 0... t Extras lO Extras

Total ....... ........101 Totol 54 Peues v PFNHETH FRIENDS SCHOOL.—Played at Pen- keth. core

8r YALTL.B. PENLETEL Baird b RoWatr, e 0 Barton 0 C Longehaw b 0 Longshaw b Rowntree Forster b Dudley Mason b Dui!eV Seed c Shaw b Brown 0 Bowntree o C Longshaw Lawless o Row utree b Dud- b Forster Icy 0 Cook et B Longshaw b Bate a Wettest b DudlPy 2 Seed lO Herron c Leighton b Brown 12 Brown a Bate b Peak 4 Leach lbw b Dudley Peak not out _ 0 Forster . _ . _. _ .

Longshaw b Dudley Peak Leighton b Forster.... Williams not out 2 Rlcharison b seed 0 Extras 2 Extras 3

Total 35

Total 30

HAM. XSTOWN 4 ST HELENS RECS.—Played at RarlaStOW 0 on Saturday. Harlestown made a very poor stand, and were easily beaten. Score : ST H h LENS RECS. EARL ESTOWN. P M arsh 0 Crowther b Miller 9 W Gray b G DsViel 7 Gray Charltsworth a Rylance b R A. Robinson b Shaw 3 Davies l3 G Husba .d b Harper 2B Vi Shaw lbw b Davies 4 T Marsh b Shaw l4 3 Crawley lbw b D vies... 63 J H Alderson b Harper 0 It Harper b Ityiauce l9 W H Crowther 0 W Gray T Ainge c Miller b Alderson 5 b Harper 1 J H Walker b Alderson...-. 0 F J Reads b Shaw 8 G Gray not out W Starkie b Rvtimee P,Parr not out ................ 7 H Davies not out 0 W Gray c Robinson b H Gilmour 0& b dtarkie 0 Alderson 1 Extras

Total '57 Total 95 EARLESTOWN 2ND T. ST. HISLENS REC 3 2l.—Played at St. Helena on saturdny, Score

EARLESTOWN. ST. HELENS. 1 3W Burrell b Parr ......... 0 3 Parr c and b J Halton 3 1' Lowe b Addison W Morse 3 HAVEI6 b Parr W Jenaluson b Kerr . A Ta,buek c Baylis b Parr 1 3 Downs b Burrell 3 Vernon b Moors .. • ......... 3 3 Addison o Halton b P Valatine c Kerr b Burro 1 6 Proudfoot .................... 7 A &mond o Jonah:loon J HsitOia not Out. ... . .......... 19 b Lowe 3l W Morris b Kerr... ............ 8 B Baylis b Burrell .... 3 H Stott e /Vans b Kerr... 0 H Kerr not out G A Harrison b Kerr ......... 0 P Proudfoot b Halton l3 ✓ Haves o Valentine b Halton 1 ✓ Flaherty 0.9 b Halton 1 ExtrAs .................. 8 liztras l3

Total ............... 112 Total .... ...... .. 129 NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS v. LtEtaeoca,.— Played at Newton on Bat urday /at. Score—

NEWTON LIVERPOOL. R Ca son a Kinnear b T H Hughes b Huish 1 Cookedll ............ .. .......... 2 3 B O'Dwyer b drama 3 T Williams c and b Weiser 0 F 1 Garnett b Brame 7 II Barr b Cookedll ........... 0 G B Le .ther 0 Hylance b P Henderson c Vosper b finish 7 Garnett ... ..................... 50 II Harrison c finish b F B Huila! b Cooked!! ...... 0 Rylance H Shorer b Cocked!! ......... 2 A lliel,y c Perry b Hu ish 5 II Rylance o o.owYer b C M Kinnear c Tomlin- Cockerill ........................ 0 son b finish Pi ii Hindley a O'Dwyer 5 O S Parker not out cockeria ....... ~.. ............ 10 A G Melly b Rylance 0 C W /Lindley c O'Dwyer b G L Vosper b Itylance Vosper ll CoCkerill b ttylauce B Cum Union not out ......... 35 Ii Perry a and b Vosper 1 Extras

Total ......... 123 Total ..... ..- RI. NEWTON LE WILLOWS 25D V. MANCHESTER CLIFFORD 2ND. —Played at Winchester on Oaturday. score: ISEviToN 2ND . DANCIMTER CLIFooRD 2ND Hlt Hinitey b Wainwright 7 W 9 Pennell b Cooke 4 J Pendry b broadineadow... 4 It Moss b Cooke A Harrison c Voss bliromley 40 B Wainwright b Briggs 15 P Harrison b Scott 1' Cooke b ,cott IT Dudgeon not out 5O Briggs IT Ge . a Middleton b Moss.- 14 J Bromley 0 Gee b Briggs 9 , T Waking= a Middleton b 3 Holding ti Briggs 4 ' Moss 0 A Broadmeadow b Briggs 0 ' 0 Porter BKM A Lyons not out .J Briggs did not bat Extias 9 Extras 3 I Total for 8 wickets 136 Total ... ..... ...... 68

COMMERCIAL ITAmmtEs.—Accordiog to " Kemp's Mei.- eankilig G ,sPtte,"' the number of new baniciupter pro- ceedings in gland an Walea gaze,ttt d duriog the week ending May. 18th, wag 3. The number in the corres- ponding week of last year was 95, showing an increase of 3, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 13.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
.6......••••............,,,,

The Moderate Drinker—One of the Stumbling

Blocks to Temperance.

By invitation of toe Upt; elandriand of Hope Union, the Lanca4pre and Cheshire Band of Hope and Temperance Union held its quarterly meetings at urrell, near Wigan,on Saturday, the proceedings taking place in the C ingregational Grerch. Mr Jacob Eernshaw, chaiT man et the Union, presided at the meeting of the Exectr ive Committee, and amongst those present were ‘ir Henry ehornton, Warrington ; Mr J Walkdeo,Hlossop ;Mr T E Halls- worth,hori s cretary; Mr W Chandos W risen. eecret ary ; and Mr A-pinall,president of the local union whilst„representative,• weee present, from Man chester, Li, erpool, Salford, Pr eston, Lancaster. Bl..ckburn, Balton, Barrow, Accrington, Southport Stockport, Hyde, Color, Rochdale. Ashton, Macclea- field, Chester, Nor hwtch, C, ewe, Wigan, Warring- ton, and other towns. In the evening, a public festival was held in the Congr.gational Church, Orrell. Mr T Me:Mug (Parbold) presided.—The Chairman remarked that the Temperance outlook was brighter than it had been for the last twenty or thirty years, and on every hand they had indications which should fill temperance workers with the greatest en- couragement. He believed that. before the present session of Parliament terminated they would wit- ness a dis: inct advance in the right direction. Mr S Pope, jun., ot Manchester, said that the moderete drinker was one of the main stumbling-blocks to progress. If tied° in general was properly subject to law and regulation, then the people who made the law were entitled to decide what things mtgli, be safely sold, and in 41-Tiding that they were al-o bound t consider not wily tr.s or that particular sale. but what might be the effect of a g.-neral, free. and open sale as rega; ded the whole community ; and, secondly, if the arrangements for obtaining drink were such that evil was produced, then thr, existence of toe evil which followed conferred the right to interfere and restrict. Hi+ point was not whether the sale to the moderate drinker was going to do any harm, but wh-ther there was danger attending the general liberty to perform that act a the sale of alcoholic l'qour. It was on that they had based the claim for interference. The law did not allow a man, however moderate a drinker, to get his liquor when he likd. 9 tea they iound that injury flowed from a licensed house to the cene- munity, then he said the moderate drinker had no right under the cireumstauces to force on the com- munity the maintenance of that house to satisfy hip own ccnycnience.

BOWS cosines., grows and grows be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prices.

Here are a few articles the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents

PERFUM ES

make very 'acceptakot :presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. size 5d., Is. size 9,1 d. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opopouax. Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay, Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bottlise,le.6cl. size Is., 2s. 61. size Is. 9d.

RAILWAI TIME TABLE

MAY. FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Ylridle-7 10, 7 40, 8 26, 1020, 12 10, 15, 2 5 '6 20. 535.7 20. Sundays 10.15 a m. Alts r and tiillhol.st —715535, all 2.1 25, a 3 22.a4 0. s 6 15, eg7 159 25 Sun lays 931 2 5,8 55. a Stops if requsroo. Birming,ham (L t 51.47.) a 2 58. b 3 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15,25,520.720 [134 Sundays 258. 10 16, 45.11 35 abion days excepted. bNion•lays only Birmingtutm (Itt4Ltfld)s 51. 9 58, 11 65, 12 55, 3 7, 522 55,11 52. Sundays 11 15 am. 4 20,5 15 p.m Blackburn -545, 835, 958, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 628 850. 'Sundays 843, as '5,6 o.a via Preston Blatt.pool-5 20, 8 35. 958. 1142. 1225, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, 828. 7 17, 8 50 9 41 Sundays 843 3 35 6 0. Bolton— 8 5 9 25, 1 • 40, 1214.115,332.426,643 2 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m..5 15. 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 956 11 50. 1225, 210, 4 50,9 55. Sun- d7s 3 35,9 54 Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5.10 23, 11 31,12 30 140 2 15, 2.20 16, 412,5 7 6 4 7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1 1 35, Collins Greets-7 5. 85, 835. 10 10.127. 2 35.3 40, 5 15, 33,7 8, 7 40, 925. 10 30. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe—a2 58,63 23, 710. 823. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20. 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.11 35. a Mondays elcoPted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37. 95. 12 25. 2 20, 3 15, 57, 64. 744. 10 14 Sunday s 44. n ,m. 7 45 pm. Derby (Midland)—isl 846. 9SB, 1155. 12 55, 47, 4 17

?.,2, 6 E 5, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m liarlestom n-5 95. 75. 8 6.8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 10 10 20, IC 127, 12 25 1 15,2 35.3 ;03 50. 5 15, 6 2OP 33.1 9 7 40.9 25, 955, lb 30 Sundays 7 4'' 835,8 43.a.m.5 10 60,7 57,9 54 pan Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25. 945, 11 53.1 55. 320 515.6 17. 80. 9 43. ..lurplays 9 5. 2 40. 80. Frodsham -7 37.'15 1023. 1225. 2 ?XL 3 15.4 22. 5 7, 6 4 244 1014. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. laarstou C r dinesl-7 15. 757. 8 31.9 5. 10 512 0 15.210, IC 529 73. SlO. 59 40. 810 25. 11 39 Sun lays 9. 955, 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturday, only baturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 71 15 50.1.2 25 2 10.4 50 965 SI aye 957 Golborne-5 45 7 5,8 35, 1055. 1.2 25. 1. 15,3 50. 20 714 855. Sundays 8 43.6 O. Hough Oreen-7 12. 757. 8 31. 95, a 9 30. 105. 120, 1.5 2 10,4 529 6 15.7 15 80.9 25,59 40, alo 25. Sunday 9 0,9 31 11 22,2 39, 918. diaturdays only bSaturclays excepted learn and Cadisnead (Centrall-7 0,7 55. 82, 7 10, 9 16 timmays 845, 1.011. 3 15,5 15. 935. Latchford-From Earpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 58, 10 49. 12 36, 114. 2 ".3, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13. 7 8. a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpoot (L. N.-W•)-3 sa, 61. 5 25. 75. 85, F 4 35 .125,10 55,12 7,12 25.235 3 405 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25.10 30. Sunisy 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 843.328.510 60, 9 54. From 'High Level Platform. aXlondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825. 18 9 11 53, 155. 320.5 1.5, 617,30.9 'B. Sand tys 9 5. 2 40, 8) Liverpocl (Cheshire Lirtes)-7 15. 757 W 95. 1026. 120. 113, 210. 22 L , 3 37. 40. 64, 610. 911, 945, 10 23 11 20 11 9. Suudays4 30, 53 ) 9 3, 9 55,11 22,2 60.2 39. 7 10, 9 28, 918 10 18. 10 43 On week days ttains run hourly to 191Yerp(x9 at 50 taint es 13 tne hour. Lonaon L. 3; N. W.) -2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 828. 9 45,10 20. 1157, 15,2 J. 5 20, 6 22,1134 undays 258.10 15,4 5,11 35, 6Mondays excepted a Niondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46. 968. 11 37.12 55, 3 14a. 5 22, 9 65, 611 5, . -undays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays Only. bMondays sceepted Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.13 35. 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36 114 a 2 23,3 30. 1 11. 5 18, 613. 78, 47 45. 927 sundayt 852. 38 8 12. riaturdays only Manchester (L. Ch N.-W.) b 45. 7 5. 85, 8 23, 8 35, 919, 11l 4 .10 55,12 13 12 25,1 15.2 29,3 32, 426 5 32, 6 43, ,7 17, 8 8,9 20. 13 Sundays 3 13, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15,6 0. 4 57 Prom +-Ugh Level Platform. 3 Manchester (From arpley Station)* 617 1 22. 7 57. 832 C), 9 52, 1049. 1 11. i 53. 411. 613, 78. 941. 11 40. "tridaYS 8 51, 38, 8 12,11 42 . . ~3•llsheater (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,3 55. 92, 955 .-tu 55 11 .3.11 5), 1255, 155,2 55. 355. 4 55,5 22 555 3 55, 1C.,7 55, 81'. 8 55.9 in. 955. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 1.5, 18.8 559 23 9 35, 10 0. Middlewictx-7 43, 10 2 ). 2 55.5 35.7 20. Moore-7 40,1020 .2 10, 15, 2 55.5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15

- b 3 0 5 45,7 5. 8 5, g 35,a9 19. 10 20 1j 40 10 5512 25, 1 15,209. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 45c. 620 643, 7117 9 20. 950 1.0 SO. bun ays 13 43 am 3 35, 5 15, 1' 9,7 87, 54a via K •nyvt S 4004 exii,vpte Padgate -7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23, 1220. 1 40,3 55 5 28, 7 10,8 1.5, 9 15. •sys 8 45, 10 14, 2 44, 5 15, 925 Preston -5 2 I 545 835, 955, 115, 12 25, 2 10, 350 4 50, 528 7 17, 850. 940 a 9 55. Sunthys 8 43, 335 60. 2 54. cs-,aurday only. Hnueor.,.._7 33, 82,1, 9 15, 109, 1. 55, 320, 3 15, 6 17. 8 0, Sankey (tor Penketh)-7 15. 756,96, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 15 210,2 58, 4 0, 5 29,6 15. 75. 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundays 90. 11 22, 2 39, 855. 9 18 aiarardays excepttd bSaturdays only, CMo eaya only (0 5.0.) Sheffteld (NLldland) via Chinley and Dore Line---8 46 10 55 55, 255 3 14,4 T 6 55. iund,sys 937 a m 515, „91 Helens-7 5, 85, 8 3) 1( .0,10 55.11 53 127 1225. 2 35 340 520, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925. 10 33 Sundays 835.8 43,6 0,9 51 Southport (Cheshire Lines) -7 15, 8 31, a 9 31, 11 4, 1 25 3 22,86, 6 15,7 10,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855. aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 7 21,8 0,8 31,9 0,9 68,10 49,12 36,1 11.2 23, 38, 4 ii, 518, 613. 78.a7 45.9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 6,8 12. 4 Saturdays only. From Argley Station. „ Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 lu 5, 115. 120, 15, 15, 40, 5 29, 6 L 5, 7 5,8 1.0. 925, a 940. blO2B. S,lll. $11314 90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18. 13aSaturday exot,ptext. naturday, 44tly. I,lPidnes CL. and N.-W-) -7 30,' 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1183, 1 55, , 515,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 95, 240,80. 2 jrigan -1, 2J.5 45,7 5,8 3.9 56,10 55,11 60,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 z 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 28.7 17.8 50, 9 43,9 1. Sundsys, 8 43, " 00. 6 O. 9 54.

TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Anton Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52, 10 57, 12 0. 335. 4 45, 720 3 3.) Sundays T 55 4 42. Ahem. and Hillhouse 11 26, 12 44, 2 45, 7 13. 8 24, 9 57, Sundays 9 20, 2 2t. 8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmin4hirn (L. & 4 W.)--3 10.550 720 l 11, 12 25, 2 335 al 0.05 53,7 25. undava 310. 1240. 7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (34111and)-6 5, 742.850 1143. 125 2 45, 5 45,6 50 IC 34 11 19. qunday 4 15, am 40.11 19 p m stwo,e3ctmrn-8 30.10 42.12 30.1 55, 3 47, 753 Sundaya, 80. 022. 540, a 9 ,3. q via Priaton

_ Blackpool. (Talbot It vtd) —8 6, 955, 1040. 11 431 40. 3 15, 5237 0,300. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 IR, Blacknool (Central) —7 25. 8 25.9 10,10 0,11 25, 15. 2 55, 50, aR .5. Sundays 710. 1 15,4 57,8 25. a leaves at 9on ' baturdays Bolton-5 55, e4' 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 23. 15. 2 15. 415 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 3050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65. 925 p.m. a Saturdays only ...Carlisle-42 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 58. 1 40. 4 22, 5 55, a 42,SunAnys 125 a.m.. 20, 8 11.41d0n I ys excepted. Chester-7 258 45 940. 10 12, 10 50,1140. 155. 2 10, 30 3 50,5 1C,,5 15, 635, 735,8 In 8 50• Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 ,30,6 55 Collins Green--6 39, 79, 6 42, 10 24. 11 23. 12. 38 1 38, 2 10, 35. 4. 1, 538 623, 6 36, 7 47, 96. 1046. Sunday 8 ICa.m 7 15 P.m. Crewe-4.45, 6 0,6 30 8 13.9 20, 1135, 11. 33, 2 25. 3 5 415 545 640. 85, 90. Suirlavg 455, 710, 245 4 10,9 21 Daresbnry-8 16. 1017. 11 27- 2 62, 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. '7 45 p.m. Derby-3 12, 955. 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 758 7, 9 35, Sundays 335. 7 33. 6R I 6 55. a IT, yeent Mondays. Barlestown-6 59, 7 13, 846. 920. 945. 10 28, 11 26 1 42 12 50.1 42, e 13. 311 5 15, 5 52. 6 307 33. 88 920 alO 36 aVt o.Sundays 8 33,9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 244 Satutday only Flddler's 'Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 943. 12 3, 29. 327 5 4.6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 _2,2 57, 52. Vrodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1. 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 536, 6 57. 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m• 920 o.m. Canton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80,5 0. 9 50, 10 48 12 0, 12 56 2 11. A 2.4 49 6 5 56, 6 57, 724 9 1 Sundays 10, 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 12.• '3 81. 3 54. Ollasguw-10 0. 2 0,2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50. 9 5, taolborne--6 43.8 26 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 4 36 530 7:2 9U. 42 6umlny9 9 40. 75. 10 3. 10 55. 1.9 130 225 Hough Green-7 45, '315. 9' s 21 5 7.7 1.13 38, 9 15. 85a(15151 8 23.

5,9 4910. lrlam and Cadishead (Cervtal)--7 3.59 53, 5 C). 8 60, 11 30 lindays 10 59. 6 53. 4 41. 19 e" Latchford 8 4.8 40 9 29.10 2 11, 16.120. al 4.5. 211 3 4 22. 85 41. 6 7. 6 44. 7 49_, 9 42 11 27. Sun 4 aye 23 233, 7 23. aSatu days only. aaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)—a2 ,$5 ).1 Si, 80. 8 35,925 110.11 50.1 6. 130, 30. 460, 6 35. 75. 8 25, 1115. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 630. a tlondavY.rl6l2°, 8b4.2.801':'91a.F9!50-7,1y212. 1306. 7/ 2155 Via Widnes (1 . N 35.3 35 4 20.5 20.6 5.8 30, alo 45, Si 135, .45. aSaturiav• only ._Liverpool ((heshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10, 7 40.8 23. 8 3). 8 40 NO 9 35 IC, 30.11 15.11 20.11 41, 11 53 12 3_o. 1 0.1 30 1 33 • 230. 2403 50 a AO. 455 5 30.5 36, 6 35.1 30, 830 858 14411 30 snnays 7 50, 9 2 30,2 50 420630.630,835,940 -,..London NW)—5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 13, 2 154 15,5 3°12 0 5,,r),-b,ys 100, 5 30, 120. • Lon4on(M4ilan.ll-9 15, 90, 13 5.12 10 1 0 40, 5 0, 6 45 '3 15 12 0. Sni ays 315. 120, (tempt Mondays LYmm-8 7, 8 32, 9 20. 9 64, 11 3, 111, a 137, 25. 25) 4 14,85133. d 9, 6 41, 741,9 33,11 19. Sundas 8 15,2 25 71S Zsturda.ys only. bSaturdays excepted. Mancheste, (L & N.- W.) —7 15, e, 5. 8 30, 9 5 9 40 10 45 ▪ 10,15 1 33, 2 40, 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 60. 75. 80, 920, 10 40 4▪ 1111 days 80, 8 30, 90, 60.'0 40 Saturdays excepted. Manchester ,Lon4on-road)-7 25.750,9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1 5a 340, b 5 5 520. 65,75. 8 55. 10 45 Sundays 730 140, ok) &Saturdays excepted. aSaturdaya only. _Manchester (l'hesldro Liao').-6 45, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 93) . 1030, 1085 1130.12 67, 1259 13). 2 30, 330. 430, 5 a 0,6 3u, 638. 730 8 30. 8 35,19 0, 110. Smutty. 35.1. la 40. - 2 o.z 5,6 35 8 20, 9 40,d Saturdays only Michalewlch —648, 2 39. 66. \ Oor e—6 56.98. :11 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.3:m411%13.8 19,4 reivton-6 553 25.8 42. 9 8.9 29. 10 9,10 22,1/ 8, 12 38,1246 -s(). 151. 74 7.4 51.5 10, 535 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 80, 9 15 14, 1147, Sundays 30. 9 49, 10 0. 3 40, 720 11 turdays Only ate 7 8,7 48, 8 26. 90. 14, 25. ~4414, 5 ‘'lnda)73 8 53. 11 '3 2 32.9 12 93. ebo .1019 11 15, 23,1 20. 3,4 9 10 49, Sunday 2 9, s 35, 0, 610. 10 2 It 1-14,11)Ys excepted. ti 839 919 10 15, 12 30, 125. 32, 4 4.1 C I. g 21 404%48Y-6 53 756. 8 31. 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, a 4 '243. 35. 6 21.5 31, 6 22, 726, 8 69 32. SundAys, 531 Sh:ffi37l 5 7. 928. 15 --'IEI-8 2 , 1155, 1 55, 55,70, a 8 20. st aturdays °WY. 2b: lielPne-6 20 6 55, 80. 8 28. 9 0. 10 .5. 11 10, 11 20, 12 1 50 .2 sr, 4 30,5 25,6 10.6 55. 725. 550 10 33.6uunay 35,6 50- 9 hOorl.— 8 6. 11110,11 11,12 25. 24 2 30. 3 55, 7 0,85 11, 40 Sundays, 90' 2 0,8 0, aSaturdays only. 22.rwall— 8 10, 3 36, 925. 058, 1112. 1 15.1 41,2 9 2; ,6 3 645,7 45, 937, 1123. 610138 s 8 19, 229 NVId (Chebhire Ltne)-8 20. 9 25. 10 10, IL 12,12 25 ciav, 324 425 5 12, 6 12, 716 7 53, 922 a ll 40, Sun 00,3 30, 50, 910 9 20. a Saturdays only. 20. 3 A€ 4 L& N W)— 75 8 56, 933 10.33, 11 55, 12 57. 21 bq. 11 2: 4 65. 5 55. 6 46, 96,11 6, Sun! vs, 8 14, 2 50 301V-i3r411-2 39,633 8 15, 9 26. 9 56. 10 0, 11 22. 12 15, - 52 07 25 4 85 2 44 11 13 06 5 9 0,10 30. §widsys 249

Sundays, 8 10

6-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

L -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

RECEIVING HOTJSE— Barlestown

SUB-OPF/CES *Ashton Collins Green .Golborne Low ton Stubsn,w Cross Winwick "Wargravo ..... ••••••• •

WALL BOXILS— Crow Lille, Newton Newton (Near the nfule000rs;)1 Railway Station .., (Newton Bridge Preston JunetiOn Church-st., Golhorue Leith Street. „ Lowton °bane! Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) parcels are despatched f town at 9a. M. and 6 pan Ise as letters.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PARMA VIOLETS

In Bptttes from is. 3d. In Artistic Cases fromjs. In Cut Glass Bottles from 2s. 6d. TOIL 1-LT Att =LES

are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list will show you some of the woe things We keep in this line. Hair brushes from is 6d, Dr Nish:lg Combs from 6d, Hand Mirrors from is. Nail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brushes Pocket Combs, Tooth Pow- der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS

===== 0002601_19010524_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IN GREAT VARIETY.

Honey,. Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glyceriae, Coal Tar. 20. per tablet, 5 tablets for ls. Castile Soap, 31d. per tablet.

A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most dedcale skins, as follows . Violette Ic Parme. Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow • and l,lycerine, Colt Cream said Honey, usual 6d., tablet for 3p., is, 6d. box 10d. We can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all coal fence. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS 35, BRIDGE-STET, 5, BKIDGE-SfREE,T, WARRINGTON, ALSO AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN, eND 27, POST OFFICE ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

a u Alt: 15, abl4

Sur 8 7 17

7 17 Ns 7 57 3 0, Zun 51 10 5 7 1Z.., 30,

1;4: 7i17 54a Pe b 23 Px 4 50, 2 54

oafs St 65 St 12 a 35,

Sc 3 E 2 on', T 1

a 1C $4,31 Au/ 59 3;.

ktu, Pai cre: a

Ssc

===== 0002601_19010524_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
If your wife, daughter, or sister is anmmic, ueurotic, languid, pale, head- achy, and irritable, persuade her to try PHOSFERINE. If your husband, son or brother cannot eat, sleep or work, and is drowsy, dyspeptic, liverish, and despondent, induce him to take PHOSFERINE.

PHOSFERINE is reinvigorating and purifying, and restores the nerves, brain and body to health and strength, and banishes the ailments which a disordered and exhausted nervous system give rise to.

The proprietors of PHOSFERINE have received commands from members L;-,e British Royal Family, from the Empress of Russia, King of Greece, Queen of Roumania, Dowager Empress of Russia, Crown Princess of Roumania, and many other Royal personages. This is sufficient evidence of the wonderful curative and restorative powers of PHOSFERINE, and the extent to which it is used by the higher classes.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen , 7-0 a ak...

Englatni, Wales, Ireland, Scotland : and Foreign ' 7-0 a.m. London mid the South Frodsharn, lielsby, 8; Lyn's:, .... : Manchester, S.-East Lanesshired Yorkshlre, Durham, Northum-i .11-30 „ berland, and Lincolnshire Cheater. Liverpool, Birkenivad, -ionthnort Prsscot. Wiv.n, Orme- 11-40 kirk Wido ...,. 3; Caxlestoss n London. Foreign]. and the south 1 4, iNn.i Counties & South Wales i• 12-0 Preston, Norat Lancashire, NeW- ' tOll-le-Wil'OWS, St. Helens, and 12-15 .0. • . Chester . ... ..... .

Manchester -15 , London and Foreign, South, S.- EAstern, and Midland Counties.. Law ashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Claes- 3-15 ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man-1 el-Jester, Bolton, & Chester 5-30 p.m. London and Foreign, Soutn, S - Fastern. Midi T col, Northern, eastern Counth s, & Lancashire,. Croft, Padgate. W Jolstou, Stockton Heath and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S-1 East ,y n Coantles

6-15 ,

11-30 a.m.

8-30 ~ 9-15 „

3-15 a.m.

6-5 a. rn .

To TB I.—r 3 Soothing Syrup has been sed for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hiliren while teethiuc. with perfect, suceess. It will re neve the roorsufterer ioniediatAly It Is pleaA4nt tO taste ; awl produces natural noiet swap, oy relieving the child from pairs Ifni the Mt, cherub awakes as b-ight as a button." Of all Chemists le lid per bottle. Advt.

TUE WANT OrTHE PAY MAKES STAtitiriED LINEN LIKE NEW. rn GREAT 1 BOON ever of- ered to the Laundress imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched men. Laces, etc. ire not stick to spider. web - like materlals Once tried always v anted. Used in the

if -0 ..17 a .1 Litnndries, Should he used in hooee. So irf byrn,-,st byst,en 4pliere if/ FRC!, e' a, at and 6d. Prrstaradonly T. CRUM LIY, Blael'buru.

FOR LADIES & GENTS APE THE VERY BEST & MOST UP-TO-DATE Free or Fixed Wheele Carriage Paid. Diso-rlt for Cash. Aos. /4:2 'l£lll°23 1.373.55:: 12013/1' 8 9. .1 Wad. £l4 14s. 24/6 •• Ice for NEW SEASON'S LIST Of JUNO _ . . _

iiiaorl6) ed. Virrite

Cycl^s and Accessories, over 100 pages, sent pot free. 4ETROPoLITAN MACHINISTS' CO.. LTD., r. Dishopsgate Street Without, London, E.G., tto PICCADILLY Cute. Loseosii, W,

cRiTcHLEy's

4\ (TS'l.c2ett-/ 'l# £ it) Os. • od. .. !WS. monthly. 'iy Hard Wood Cycle Stftpds Handle Bar Baikal at Oar

===== 0002601_19010524_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.m

2-20 r.ra.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

7-10 a.m. ancl 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. _

9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .m. 6.4 n am. and 6.30 P.m. *Those are 7elegraps Offices also

10 Ran., 2 and 7 p m. 3 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 545 p.m. 9 30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8 3J a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.n2.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

4 30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil • Nil. Nil. Nil.

Ni!. 10-15 hrn.

from the Receiving Office' Earle-- 1.; irons all Sub-Offices at

===== 0002601_19010524_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19010524_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDA 1, MAY 21. 1901.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
under License front the North

For • BILE, LIVER, ACID

===== 0002601_19010524_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

" We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixtute It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This ifi a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to `iitht.and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it 0 our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from Whatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin aud Moor Diseases, Pimples. and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mazy lons. It is the only real speJitla for Gout and Rheum& a Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 93. and lie each of all 'mists. dent for 33 or li2 stamp; by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLANt) COUNTII33 DRUG COMPANy A;;00LN. Beware of worthless imtatioas.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Ihthbe, Go.. under Bartietrs Patent.

:TY, INDIGESTION, &c.

FOR THE BLOOD r.S TH. LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19010524_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
000•06000600060$*00006.00V01060040.000000f04

00•41000000000000000000000e4iCAoat'ox4e4;.'r%vel-'

Weak Stomach, impaired aigestim,

Disordereo Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in b,3xes. Is. lid. (56 pills) and d„,s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhei.e.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
0 The well known vitalizing effects e 1 of a cup of strong Coffee can be secured directly by using Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence. iiesoirwsii.

76-

===== 0002601_19010524_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter tri the abitcr.

NorrE TO CORKEVONDENTS.

Authora of letrers intended for publication must ina c vies goad their trainee and addresseo to the Edit or r-flr, int-nded for peill'icalon must be written on ow side fay nt the p per and sent in. if possible, bet tater than Thursday C-rrerp indents are s Tangly advised to write bridle. A short let^er has much greater chance of ineeetion then a long one.

We cannot under ord•nart, circumitances undAr- tail- to return the tnAnnocrites which are not used. Water Carriage Between Runcorn and

===== 0002601_19010524_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
the Potteries.

Sir. —P mile: me to If r a few obieivations upon the " Important Matter for ttueco:n " pub:.sted some time The speech of Mr Bythell,cirrnan of the _ncheeter Ship Canal Company,at the annual meeting in January last gave, a very lenm ru eook tor the water carriage on the Bridgewater Canal an i naearally caweed much uneasitiesa arnongs, traders, ‘no particularly so in the Potterille.. The Narth St .ff &attire Chamber of Commerce have had correspondence and inter- views with Mr and in the light of these latter facts considered the whole matter as it .fleeted the po*tery trade, on May the 9'h, hence its revival in Bunco, n. The statements of Mr Bythell demand serioes but cairn considerate-n. They do not appear however to j iarily the exageerne d and misleading paragraph avi Ica concludes the article alluded to. Mr By hen clearly referred in geeeral terms to the Bridgewater traffir as a whole, and not to Runcorn in particular, saying that •• the low rates " and " tree Sterage " made the trailo untemenerative, and much ef it wad run no philanthropic snd not bnsiness lines. The North Stafterdshire Chamber of Commerce evidently tonsidera :he atat,Meet fere to the P ttery trade, and they are arrengiag to traverse the w Wile route the traffic runs to se how far they can suggest means to develop arid expedite the tr 91 ~ and I have no doubt the Suggestreis wel be 'Needle ere the expedition is come pleted. I must however trongly dissent to cry ad tempt by the enensher or soy other interested parties to mini' Mise the imporeacce of I.C.- BghelPe utterances se far 18 it e ti,e3ros the tie e ot Runcorn, and particularly when 'hey infer that the Cr 'table originates with the demands of the workers at Runcorn D cis. Ship owners merchants, and brokers, or other representatives of capital c.n protect them elves. and ensure through th,, Vare-us chann,le of trade that the rate or other terminal charges will be fair all . round, and any demands by the men throuab their leaders Must be judged by reason and present day re• quirements. And we are Si jealous Of pubic opinion that we are now ;lad always have been favour- able o the re-•djuatment of a clout:1ul claim by sou'Li form of conciliatten ;Ii cause in any considerable di. turtianee of trade in th- Port of RUDCIIII we lose food, raiment, and all that control:nee.) to the welfare of our families and the towu. The rivet extravagant demand put forward by the men at the 0 Os oeilis to 'epic' the rates for labour as paid in 1978, and you m•y rest assured that neither threat., r- mons.r ance or iespired articles will induce the wo k rs to reliequ sh their claims merely to su ain traffic %tech does not contr- bute Its fair quota fer lahour which its transit requires, unless it Can be clearly shown that it is essential on broad eeneral grounds to the welfare of all concerned. Thanking ycu in antecipstien, )(aura See JOSEPH BELLAM. •

===== 0002601_19010524_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
The Warrington Free Church Council

and Sunday Concerts.

Ser,—However men msy odor regarding the religi- ens side ef the Santmth Law there sppears to be a general agreement that th,t law enj ins a complete =specs on of lakour for one whole day in every sr yen. And very pleastng it is to observe how very widely the law is recegnised and honoured by obedience. Borh in town and country men in general lz y aside their week- day avocations that they may enj ,y and ben, fir by the Divinely .ppeinted rest. But while one gladly acknow- ledges the veference thus paid to the material side of the Sabbath it must be owned that there are come seri- ous aback' to its proper ebservance. And foremost amongst these drawbacks we are, ( think, bound to place the train., carriages, and public hou s which ply for money on the Day of Reet,and do so much to dicturb I the order and tranquility of the poor man's day. But we may yeeture to In ipe for a better Sato of things in the near future seeing that an eminent and IP4iOUS b, (IF of men called "The Warrirgton Free Church Council " have taken Sunday reform into thnir hands. One would rave- thought that one or more ottbe forms of Sabha h breaking to which I have referred would have claimed their immediate attention. But they were otherwise minded. Passine by the Sunday trading of toe railways. carriages, and public hou,es, the Council have devoted their rff its to the suppr siion of the infinitesimally smaller evil, if evil it be, of the Suniay con-tert. Ooe wonders what could Lava inspired such a miseraWe reform as this? Possibly Some hardened uebeliever may ruggest the ui.pardonable thought that, like the astute saverrni,•hs of Ephesue in the time of Paul, the refmrnero were alarmed for their waft. If people could be indueed to pay for ani listen to sacred sotaes outside the charmed c.rcle of the chapel ca Sundays, might clot chap I atteialance and clipmds decline. But whatever their izio:ives were they by induced the Town Ceuncil to enact that vow' concerts most not be hid in ?arr Flail on Sundays until after the closing of toe evening services in the churches, and that money is not to be taken at the doors. Et-- numbering the ignomini- us fate of the " Order in Council," irsueti a tine yrars ago against the noilkrnan and the newsboy, I fear our Sunday reformers will not derive much assistance from the action of the Town i Council on their b, half.

- I will not iliscuss the point whether a charge for ad- mission converts a S.mdsy concert into a commercial transaction involving a breach of the Sabbath law But for the shire of ar unvnt, let ow. assume tor a moment that it do., aud what fo:lows ? Wov this, Mat the good pastors who are crusading against the concert should be the bait persons to do en. seeing that tuov themselves der;ve the greater part of theiriccOmes from Stisday work.—Yours truly, lONA. 21st Hay, 1901.

Municipal Election Compromises.

Sir.— For the ben' --f your ro-r—p -.ndent" Maxim " I will tell him that Mr E 'win Woods is a descondant of an old Warrington family, moreover he is a large em- ployer cf labour h in.. managing dueetor of Longford Wire Work*. Now who ir " Maxim "2 Elis name dries Dot appear in tic local dirt-c'ory. he is not even known to the man in the street —oaidently a newly impered pers.onage to our town who is determined to push him- self into ruhlic notoriety by attacking a man he does not knew for expressing views adverse to his own, upon a anti et which has been a crying i, justice to Warring- ton since it was " M.' Kit)] also complains about destroying the trarquil spirit which exists in tho Council allow me to tell him that 519%111 gone by the Tewn Cc or. nil was composed of the hiding gentlemen of the town and A:strict, and that it was only sol:hin the last few years of the late Andvosan Helvetia's con- fliction with the Council that scenes; of strife wcv wit- nessed, but when the ot.j (IP which certain members had in view had been obtain. d and Mr i3ureet,s who had &- Voted the whole of his life for the hanefit of the town. tuvi been ousted f, am hi.. seatithe C )(loci! settled down to that peace and quietness which pleases " Maxim " sa much. What has been the result of the compromise ? Why a third of the tn-mbers pie' f 0 lied hit() their position without the cement of the electors. On what grouni:? Simply b cause they are member, of the two p, hike clubs. We have had eneuzh of club representrion. The time is not for mincing matters, hut rousing ourselvfa to scion await letting the perpetrators of this irjui ice see we have bad cnu. h. Our municipal elections will ho fought in the future with a keener spirit than they have been in the past, and for proof of my aaapt tion I have only to refer to the late election for B rougla Auditor. when Mr Flanagan an unknown man got 83 near winning post.—l remain yours respecttniiy,

===== 0002601_19010524_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
J. M.VISH, Sank el' -otre.,t.

Sir,—Now that Mr 8 K •ncon has taken up the cud- gels on his hehslf 1 am fur. &I, Elwin Wonds will feel comfortable again. Such n cause as Mr Woods has taken under his f s'ering car, with such a ciPmpion as Mr gpocnn, cprtainlv deserves conaideration. YOn7 DeWilli (7) csntemporsry has for *orn reaeon host known tn those in autiviritc, for once disregarded that prgsfeasional etisin tte a ich is supposed to govern the Sonduct of the rheas and has condesconded to untie@ and evPn to cti-icise a letter which did not sopear in its own columns. I feet high's .ttored by sucb a cpacial mark of its favour When, however your contemporary says, ins way which does not (xe pt h —V cornparisor) suffgest its usually, correct and clocorous style of writine that "Mr Eowin Woods h a struck Ile." 1 venture to stitmot that the printer's demon ha made a mistake in this instance and should hayst ita,cl" hlsck stsrnish." Now there is an ailment which a•tacks ugh -headed poop'' occasionally. (and some imos if tut proedily checked it hecQrnea chronielwh.ch is variousle orscgibed wetness getting above mt•ck ,'wsikd head,'&3. I fear Mr Elwin Woods was indisposed when he made his fant• ess(apin 25 rats siteanre) rh C, the iilrsiOT Cmserva. tives. How very " jqveriile Mr Woods must have thought his h-are.s t)tin it tie no :tined for a nanment that his spsrkling oratg ry svnold to accepted as repel. To say that the r cent arnica. ,nt hgtwern the twc political p-irtiF,s has disfcarcht, d the el ectnrs is S Veen of nonsersge. To 43V thac it tia,s been marlintillat4°fOr the personal i . a -c''n" ties of iogiividsal mombers of the Corperatron, nt one of u horn Vies. S 11-,nestitsited ekstrPions Of the pub lo ',rats uho have rococo's' tried to distil'', the public mind. will publicly rttatk. ig an i datpalified falsehood. On the other Land it is a fang.

that the services of some capable men of absolute integrity have been oNained to the town which might probably not have been otherwise secured. I repeat that no damage has resulted to either of the polPical parties who are numerically ,in tho Council just as they were previously and that , he complete absence of party heling has led to a thorouithly wholesome and undivided attention to the iliTaors of h.‘ Borough which has already been nroduc tivi• of much general benefit.To refer again for a moment to Mr Kenvon's eff +rt. I neartilv agree with his ai•ssr- tion that "abuse is bad taste,ne argument and no good" but a man who attack public men who at least are , giving up a great deal if their leisure and businese hours (which some other men employ in absolutely selfish and not too highly intellrctual w Lys), for the benefit of their fellow-townspeople, and from a high sense of duty, by suggesting that they are actuated by "self interests, selfishness, and corruption," is the last person to call attention to what he styles "abuse" in my last l.>tter. The words "self interests, ikofiehnese and corruption" come very freely from Mr K ,nyon's pen and that not infre- quently Some ot your correspon&nts might csrefully ponder on the two proverbs below quoted. "People who live in glass houses should never throw stories" and " take out the beam that is in thine own eve, then shalt thou see clearly to take out the mote that is in thy brother's eye." A little of that "charity" which thinireth no evil would find a lot of room for development in some folks. Yours etc

MA XIM:

===== 0002601_19010524_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PURCHASE OF A HIRk.O

CART.

Action at the Warrington County Court.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday bef,re His Honour Ju Igo B men Rowlands, a case wag heard in which Charlee Brierley, a green-grocer of 1. Pierpoint- treet claimed from E twin P:iuston, geuerei dealer, of Allen-street, the return of a cart or its value.—Mr Steel represented the plaintiff and Mr Browne defended. On I the 27th of Mareh, Mr Steel pointed nut, his client I bought a cart for 504 from a man named Dunbobbin and lett it in Mr filia halitsyard• Oa the following Saturday morning Plinstm removed the cart and claimed it as his property. His (Mr Steel's) client had a clover- sation with him and asked him who gave him authority to remove the cart. Plinston replied that it was his cart and Dunbebbin had no right to sell it as it was let out on the hire system. DunbMbin stated that he was the nwner,and that he bought a horse cart and harms from Plinston for £9 10. He paid £8 down and agreed to pay the remainder at 5a per week. Dunbobbin paid 53 to the son of the defendant, but shortly afterwards the son returned with the money saying, "Here take your money I will not have it." N hiring agreement bad been produccd and he contended that it was a bona fide sale. Mr Browne said Dunbobbin had signed a hirmg agree- ment for the cart and produced it in court. —The plaintiff was then called. Mr B•owne said he was quite prepared to admit that the plaintiff bought the cart from Danbobbin but the latter had no rigut to sell cross-axamination by Mr Browne, tho plaintiff said he could not say wh&her the cart had Mr Plinston's name on when he bought it. When he saw the defendant about it, Mr Plinst n offered to allow 'a third party to read the hiring agreement signed by Duntaobbin, but witness did not agree to that course.- I.ly to Mr Steel,plaintiff esid he asked the defendant to allow his (Mr Beierlea'a) solicitor Co sea it but defendant ref Duebabbin, greengrocer, ffelsby-atraetl stated that he phrehased a brae, eta and harness from the derendant in June last. I The mice agreed up m was £9 10s. He paid the defend- ' ant £8 down and it was decided that he should pay the remainder at the rate of 5s per month. He signed a paper a;reeine t 3 ply 51 a moath. Ho richanged the horse for another one which urnad out to be a kicker. brr,k : his scales and he hod to turn it into the field, That was the reason why ho could not pay the re- mainder of the money. His Honour : Des Mr Plinaton claim that the nonaravenent of the 30a reineeets him with the prope-ty P—Mr Browne : No. Dunbobbin got a receipt for £8 sw,,ica was the price of 9 hlrBn and harness. Tha cart was tat nut under a hiring agreement. —His Honour Des the receiot irate for " horse and harness £3 "—Mr Steel : Yes.—Dunhobbin was subjected to examinatinn ,by Mr Browne He admitted signing his tame on the parser now pro- duced, but he did ne know it was a hiring agreement and it was never read over to him. He never read a word of it —E iward Owen, who accompanied the last witness to Plinston'e, gave corroblrative e,videece.— Samuel Pilasters, general dealer, said that he sold the p-,ny and harness for £3, arid gay Dunhohtin a receipt to that effl-et. Dunbobbin then asked him if ha had a rare, and witness said heave:Ad let him have one cm hire at is 31 a weak. Dunbobbin than signed a hiring agreement to that eff.ct.—Miga Emilv Plinston.who wit• nesaPi the sign ture,also gave evidence,and stated that she gave the receipt produced for the pony and harness. His Hanour held that Dunbobbin had no right to sell tho cart as it was not his to sell but had heen hired. He gave judgment for the defendant. He srmpathiged with the plaintiff who bought it in an hmourab e manner:thinking it was the property of Duni:KA:ibis.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Jo IN \RATES COMMITTEE —Th, first meeting of the newlv-epnointed committee was held en Friday evening, Mr James Elidge in the chair. In accordance with a notice given at a previous meeting, the remuneration to the collectors of the wattie rates was considered, and it svas rt s -florid that Messrs George Jones (Frodsham) arid G J Aston (Fr sisham Lordship) tr' p6,ii at the rate ot 5 per cent. on all moneys collected. Mr Ti!ey introduced the question of the watering of the Lordship r ads, and the committee made the suggestion to the surveyor that that should be done. PAROCIVAL meeing of the Parochial Committee tor Frisisham was held in the Court-room, Prodrham, Mr Charles E Linaker presiding. The C.IA I man gave notice that ho will at the next meeting midis the purchase of fire appliances for Frodsnam.—Mr Moseley Willi referred to the danger which paesen gers were liable to when an?. liting from the ttains on the SOHth side of Frodsham Ftstion owing to the height of ' the footboard from the platform. s nd said two case• had recently come under his notice ..f ser.ined at k's Thl Clerk arm itirectied to ask the railway company to remedy the complaint either by raising the platform or by having the passenger trains nulled up at the end where the platform is air,,,,,i,„„i„ed. THE FRODSHAM LORD, Mr WATER Surer.r.—Mr E A Sandford F>sys.tt, on behalf et the L mal Governmortt I Board held an inquiry at the Rove School. Overton. with , reference to the applicatioe of the Runcorn Rural Dir. trict Council tn borrow £3021 to meet the flreelir diture on the Frodaham Lordahip Water Supply scheme. The engineer explained how the di•crepatiev botw, en the original estimate. and the aeu d expenditure Ivo arisen in a very satisfactery manner, and no opposition was mff,..reci to rho epphcation. SPRIG CT.EANINCI made Parr by using MIT.LBR'r Funsrron,l CEEASI. Beet that can be naade.--zgswut. the Chemist in Bridge-street, Warrington.—Alvt.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM EN ER FRI AY, MAY 24 1901.

LATEST NEWS.

THE DISASTER TO THE NEW SHAMROCK. The King in Peril.

The Amerin Cup challenger, Shamrock 11., which was to have undergone important trials on Wed- nesday with the King on board, was caught in a squall and reduced to the condition of a wreck. The King, although placed in imminent peril, happily escaped entirely unhurt. The Central News yesterday morning was offictilly informed that the King is (pito weh. and was not suffering in any way fr ,m the ace: lent. Rig Maierity will, as previmisly arranged, take Dart in the trooping of the °lours on the Horse Guards Parade to-day. Numbers of telegrams have been received at Marlborough House, congratulating the King on his escape. At the time of the accident he was sitting on the companion steps, and a sailor in avoiding the falling gear almost jumped upon His Majesty.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Sukide of King Humbert's Assassin.

ROME. THURSDAY.

Thc anarchist Semi, who assassinated Kin: nbert, has committed suic,ide in the tyinitentiary of Santo Stefano.

Fifty People Poisoned with Cake.

A poisoning scar has occurred la the Saint Martin quarter of Paris. due to the eating of th cakes of a local confectioner. The poison is repor- ted to be oxide of copper. There are Over fifty victims. Latest weather Forecast.

The weather forecast tor th Nortb-West: of Eneland and North Wales up to noon to day is as follows :—Hasterly and north-easterly winds, fresh to moderate ; fine.

Yesterday's Cricket.

Close of Play Scores.

WORCESTERSHIRE v. LANCASHIRE Wor- cester, 221 ; Lancashire 42 for 1.

ESSEX v. GLOUCES fERSHIRE :—Essex, 45;3 ; Glouct stershire, 10 for 0

CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY v. YORKSHIRE : Can.oridg P. 335 for 6.

OXFORD UNIVERSITY v. SURREY :—Oxford, 352 ill out.

DERBYSHIRE v. M.C.O.:—Derbvshire 130; C., 261 for 8 RENT v. SOUTH AFRICANS :—South Africans 225; 156 for 3 MANCHESTER v. WARRINGTON :—Warrington 136 and 40 for 3 ;Manchester. 167.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR LATEST TELEGRAMS. Death of Ex-President Pretori us.

JOHANNESBURG, WZDN'ESDAY.

Er-President Pretorius died at P Achefs room on the 19:h inst., after two days' illness,at the age of 83. His remains were followed to the grave by over 1,000 townspeople and refugees.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Casualties.

The War Office on Wednesday night. issued the following : le South Lancashire Reglinent.-5872 Private W Forbes died from enteric, Springfoutein, February 24 last.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Liverpool Volunteers Leave Warrington.

The Liverpool contingsnt of Volunteers, who arrived in Warrington on Friday evening from South Africa, on their w.ay home to Livprolot, left Warrington on Satur- day tiftertonn. About 4.30 the men mustered on the square at Orford Barracks, and about 15 minutes later marched to the siding of he Cheshire Li(l93 Railway Company. in Battersby-lane, where a spesial train was waiting to convey them to Liverpool. A large crowd bad assembled, and as the men marched past, cheers were raised. After the train had steamed out of the siding the crowd quickly dispersed. At Liverpool thd men had a moat enthusiastic receptidn.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Travelling to the Front. Trooper W. T. Gornall'a Interesting Description.

We havo rec.ived the following copy of a latter written home by Trooper Wilfrid T. Cr mall, the youngest eon of the Warrington Medical Officer of Elealtia, and now serving in the 89to Company Imp. rial Yoornanry : Beacimefield Spytfrmtein. 26th Aptil. - - -

Aify dear--, As we are now rapidly approaching Kimberley, I am' writing this letter in great baste in order to pest itthere. I expect you will be very surprised to hear where I am. i We reached Capetown about 4 a.m., Tuesday, the 23-d,l it being quite dark and the town lightrd up. Wc, anchored a.id waited for the dawn. Shortly airer SIX n'elOck'heft•iale came abArd, and froM them we learnt that De Wet was still at large; and later when we ran in along the wharf, there wa:i an eager scramble for , the "Cape 'Titwin." Ihe Table Mountain is an imposing ai.dat, bat the town beneath it looks very eramued up. During the day we were engaged in fatigue work, un- loadirg our luggage, and getting our rations for the jnurro-y. Wo were heartily glad to learn we bad not to go to Durban—we had had enough of the sea. All sorts of rumours were all at as to where we were going. However, we left Capetown for the north at 9 p no. To reach the station, we hail to march about 1.1 miles, carrying, tirstly,heavy elothing.our belts with bayonets bandoliers containing 250 retina of ammunition, water bottles full of water, mess tine, haversacks full of odds and ends, blai kets, and lastly our kit bags. How I got to the station I doe's know. It was the toughest half- hour I ever spent. Since then we have been trawlling day and tight, eight in a carriage. isuckdy lamin a second el is carriage, in which the backs of the seats lift up and ria.,ke steeping room for four, two on each rack, Others have not been so lucky. In coats quenee we hay jolly gnod nights, better than we ever got on boardshie. There we rarely got more than four hours' seep. We stopped at Woroester. This was the first atop, we byaght bread, etc, from a station stall kept by two negresses, and hr altia,ted later at a place called Triangle. The country ar-und (i.e. the Karroo desert lying between Cap tovvr. and Mai siontein) is very p It consists of scrub and stone—a few bushes scattered here and there—with now and again a farmutead around which there generally lies a very pretty garden, sue- rmoled by trees. In many cases the house 3 are built bf red brick. Maje.fontein in quite a sfitnaet i o Pc ?neer ;Zs' it' ath holes (4i e satne' as any fin y Ecie bglitahesTlatthg) ion9s; T i f not along. better. All airing the line there are gJfaorrtds.,,awt hthileebornidtghees We reached outside We 1) Aar yesterdaywe rs hmi more e around e n t ,ing youlem e cann ts t and hr through sgahn glassesbait see fm,,uts camp gave them a heart!, achveeerry g as We Went t I rlr :g.oWn e htr ndreda of hor4es in a fearful Condition, A at Do Aar I fi-st re.alisad for the first time what war many dead. o,hera dying or become ekelperns, It was really is. On Friday morning they were shooting a spy there. At DP Aar we got our orders. We are now pass- ing the native quarers of Beaconsfield on our way to Buluwayo. Of course we may be sent bisnahere, brit those are our orders at present. It is very ty,sible and now g IBillaerriVinteh he littletw es it:x h al lle!are w sonic fie bile o lhting7 theus way, there. we are feedin on bully beef and biscuits; Fairelnuei left us at TY* Aar. We passed the Modder River in the ni2bt, so didn't see it. Go d bye for the present,—yours &c., Witruto T. GORNALL

People who have a fancy for those p—pular noreitiog picture post cards. cannot do better th-in Hugo Lang and Co. '9r Roooaitory, Churcb-grre,t. vrhAre they will find infinite variety of th,, absicast specimens. We have seen s mo of blegars Laog's samp'e cards, and most artistic productiom they *v. tawtpsowiliti Gtanurvn AND TiTIPAiTiIID. (amen I Mowers alwave arock•—J S. GAIILMID, Ironmonger ilkidge•StrOct. Warrington —Advt. .

• 811 ART TAN BOOTi in all shades to su.it the moat fastidiot 5 taate ALN TAlLefee 04411p00F sunkr;..—Aar:.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALLS

CLUB.

Annual Meeting.

The Proposed Professional Trainer.

Interesting Discussion,

The Workmen's Club. ifarker-place, was well tilled on ruesday evening when the, annual meet- ing of the members of the Warrington Rugby Foot- ball Club was held. Councillor Tinnion presided and there were also present on she pla form, Mr II Ashton (secretary). and Mr T gdmbetton, (treasurer).

===== 0002601_19010524_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL REPORTS.

On the motion of Mr G F FREEMAN, seconded by Sir II BATE, the annual report* of tne secretary and treasurer, wqich were publiblied in our felt issue were unanim-u•ly iviopted.

ELECTION OF PRESIDENT —Ma W. R. NEIL APPOINTED.

The only gentleman uninitiated for the Presi- dency of the club, was Mr W Neil. In proposing his election, the chairman said he felt sure that in Mr Neil the Warrington Football Club would have en exc-illent president. He was a gentleman who took a keen interest in all fonball matters, and in al matters pertaining to sport. He was therefore the &in of man they requite let the head of aff tire. It they commonced witu goo I officials at the hAtid they would find that generally they got good officials and better work right through. (Applause.) The meeting unanimously approved of the election.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TREASURER AND SECRETADY RE•ELECTED.

Tat) CHAIRMAN said tnat Air Pembertoo mai nominated es trea,urer and Mr Ashton as secre,ar He bad, he said, no need to tell them what sort of an ofEldal they tad in Mr Pemberton. He was a I most, excellent official: He (the chairman) had the ' pleasure of meeting him in connection with other work and he was a` wav4 willing to supply any iaformition required. They could not have a better man at the end of the balance sheet and cash account than Mr Pemberton. He was one of the best. il not the best. porquble man they coul,i get: He devoted much time an! energy to his work and did it well. (A.pplause). Witn regard to \tr .stoo he (Mr Tinnion) had known him ever sine., the commencement of his ( %Ir. Ashton's) foot= ha 1 career, and a more worthy aud energe, ie. ege- tary it would be very difficuit to find. His heart and soul wen iu the work ant the club was very tortunste in possessing two officials like-the secre- tary and trea-urer (Applause). The election was unanim m ,ly agreed to. succrros O COMMITTEE—MR. BOWERS WANTS TO

===== 0002601_19010524_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WITHDRAW.

The next bosiness wes-t-h-e-el-,ction of the com- mittee for which the fallowing gentleman were nominated :—Messrs T Barne•., sen., T Bowors, William Dillon, W Elowitt, W Nevins. T ttetiring Commu tee. %V C' lrn,r, T D iviaa, John Dunn. James garle,Ed ward Gabel% W dill, Sydney W Jeffrey. T Locker, and John ItigbY. Bowatts desired to be allowed to withdraw his name.

Tae Cusinmatr Paid that if there was any with- drawal it would h ve to be with the consent of the meeting. In Mr Bowers they hail had an excAllent committee man awl if they took his (Mr Tinniol') advico they would not let him withdraw. In con- clusion he asked if it was the opinion of the meet- that Mr Bowers should not withdraw (cries of 11 Ye.'') Mr BOWERS : !lintf not stand.

Thr. CUAIIIMAN : I hODO SOU will reaonsiaer the matter. 111-, mein gis decidodly ag,inat you with— drawing tour name. A MEunua asked how it was that Mr Warren'a name hhi:l been .4,rur.lc off the list of uorainations.

Mr PEMBERTON ”xplained that it was not M. Warron'4 intention ti slight toe club, but he wi•hed to withdraw becauve he had not the time at his disposal to attend rho. numerous meetings of tho committee. Toe election of the committee was then proceeded with and vsulted as follows : —Messrs T B iwers, W Hewitt, W Dillon, W Nevins. T Davivs mad T Locker.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDITORS AND TRUSTEES.

Mons T Wctngnu and W %V ,n..cer were re-eTeeted auditor, and Meslrs Bowers and Dill n w to rc-elezted trustees.

VIE SECRETARY'S AND TREASURER'S _SERVICE%

The OffatiniaN proposed t hat the usual honorarium be granted to the lion secretary, bon. treasurer, and hon. auditors, for their valuable services during the past year. In doing so he said be did not think the Ehim grantei adequately represented the anacmot of work done ; it came very far short of it. The time, trouble, and c.ro which was given by the tresaurer, the secretary, and the auditors during the winter months in the football season and a considerable portion of the summer months for the sports, 11119 good work for the berrfit of the club. He thought that the general condition of the club, certainly the financial condition, and the harmonious way in which the bus'. ness of the club had been carried out, showed that the officials thoroughly understood their a ork. Ile :had much p'easure io moving the resolution. Mr E V WALKER seconded and the m,tion was carried.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
TECH RULES

_ Mr I DeviEs proposed that every member. on rips pay- ment of his subscription tor the season of 1901-2 be pre- sented with a copy of the rules. S Wnisur seconded and remarked that as it was some years fence the rules were printed, no doubt many alterations would have been made, and they were now practically oh lere. ins resoluthn w as carriPcl. PROPOSED Prit'VE SIONtt TRAINER. INTERESTING DIsCOSSION.

Mr J rums then in ',red tho toliosviog resolution : "That a qa ,lified professional trainer be engaged to train the team daring all cup ties." Ele said a profes- sional trainer for the team was necesiary. If they had a trainer who had been up and down the country and knew m ire about athletics than ordinary woe they would get more out of the team than they had done. The committee did their best to train the team but a professional traitier intuit have a greater knowledge of rhletics 143. Mr. G R Srraw seconded.

A MIESII3EM ked Why tt!IS that Mr DavieS ppoeifPti the cup Ors in partiChlar Did he not tbirk it necessary tO have a trait:et' Lionuelout the aeaaon. They wanted ' to get u hillefi out of the team during the season as they dui in the cop tics. Mr DAVIES replied that the reason why be did not prop le the encagetnent of a trainer for the whole season 0718 brute's(' it would be a great expenso and he did not think the club could spend very much maney. The team harl ney..r shone very brilli intly in the 1,94g1P but it had don- i th. C 'p-tiss. He thought that with at little le wouldextrable` fiujh't' on the team for the Cdp-`.lee able o reach that ambition they all wiahed for. Mr Rkt2NES said he not see that there was any need for a trainer. If they would refer back to two years ago, when the tam had a profegsbnal tailor, the team cut up m ivmminiouslv. (Cries of " N Sine then they had clspensed with the services of a trainer, and had ?lined sllely and entirely on the com- mittee, and the Fesult had been that they had gradually got out of the slreu?Li of desvn I, as the r sults of the tesm would not par the same attention to hirn that tiiey past season would show. If they otitained a trainer the would to a comenittee man, Ell h& . personal koowLedge of that. The players krvisv that a committee man had a voa In his opinion it would be a w cet a trainer. If he were Ongaged csete and a moneyt raiaer had not , for cop-•ies his sarvlces would havei to be otralned for Cite West Lancashire cup ties as well as for tin Northern Union. - .

Mr KINSLEV 49. id alert were trainers and trainers, A trainer should be ahle to train the team athletically and also teach them what taclies to adopt on the field. He (Mr Kinsley) did nnt quite balieve in a min taking a wKlk two or three times a week to train for football. They shnuld train nnth fIII. Ile (Mr Kinsley) cauld not teach men gomna9tic+ by taking them a ran for a mile. (Laughter.) He did not qui e agree with Mr faiVlPS'e prop sition he tie trainer hnull engagod fr rhe Cup ties, and he proposed an amendment that ho should ho enztaged for the whole season. He th-aF2h• it would be money well spent, and that the team W 49 c palate of bsing bruight to a hotter standpoint. He proposed cho amendment on condition that the team was given to uradorstand that that, must pay attention to the trainer Mr F ARcatm_643clnde2l.

Mr ASHTON stid that if a trainer was engaged they could no, tot a ctpable trim under a week. Daring' the day time he world be walking about the town with We hands in his pockets. Tue players had to he work- ing all the day and thee could not he expected to devote evi-ry night to fantball. I; would be practic thy impossible for them to turn out regularly at night unless they had a large room to train in in a proper manner. Daring the Cup-ties last season they were advised by many relate nr-it to overtrain the men as they would become stale. They would have a diffi- culty in eating a good man, awl it would mean en- anginn. him for Gwplve months. £l.OO wss a (tens' lerable item and the proposal required the calm rell-ction of the members _ .

JEFFnEY said thst next season they would he in a larger L ague and it would behove them to aim A 9 in the Llasus. Ele high aa possible. They wanted to obtain a top position e considered it would h necessary to have a during the whole of the tmenn. fib believed 1..4., a professional trainer would to a certain extent he alge to scrtrain the team that they would not dsmave themselves by having to work during the day as 4,sp. fib ,dtl rot agree %yr!) the eratensent that the men would not atteed to the trainer because he had not a vote. fie thought the trainer should influence the votes

c'f the who! ~ committee. Be supported the propo3itien that the traine lo.a engaged for twelve months. Mr HARE/HOLY chougnt that this prop 'Wien was the result h, tai ur, to capture the cup. —(L'be Chsir- man : Ikn ,w nettling about it.) Hi went on to say t a Cramer as not nf cess.,,y. If they had had a prole sional I VAMP! I e (up ties he would not have stored the r,,eu.t., (Qae,ciun.) Another MEmena had heard that the players on the day of the final were crowded togeth,r for some tune in a room, old were told to do o e thing t 3.7 one committee man and another hing by anther. If they had • trainer they would know who to obey. The result was they were all fiery ms on the fltd, Oao said th.y were piav ing, 6. ToM friorniley's way, and andther ••Lisrer " anes's way. (Laughter.) He thought a t.atner .hou d be app doted /Of the waole of the season. f h As4,)e...vion te •Ma had trair ors. Mr ASHTON : trio men do not work.

Mr rHORNILEY sad that the fast - speaker but one did not kn ,w what tie was takng abut. Two corn nittee- men and only twit w -re appointed to deal with the mon at Leeds. Ile fo,tuna,ely was nor one of them. (L +ugh- t-r). Tlplt pmve I that the gendernan did not know wh .t he was talkond about. uginer.) Hot Drop .sed hat rh, cumuli tee he left to elnct loin themselves a gentleman or gentlemen to train the mem 'Tnere were soin • old fd:n balk rs on the committee wit trier inghly understood atale ics. Mr S WRIGHT 9.14 th at Mr Ii ,pe's suggestion was practically carried out at the pres-nt time.Wno was more I k iy to advise th I m,•A prverly 'ban the c iinnaittee, who hid practical experience of the game ? It th t••am 47001 take nozie,e of what the committee said and to ,k t wi It gr,e• with witrch it was intende I and n as b.di ig dictat trial it would save a lot ot unnacpsiary esp-nso. Toe club would be on a greater exionn iiture n at season and th..Y should hesitate lo,'ore c .mmitting thein:,.lves to an expenditure of £lOO for a trainer. In his pinion the retrolutlon had emanated I from tho disapo t:n-ot exf”rieneed In the final tie Do ong 411 the cup- .6 rnatch.s the team as in opt nit condition and none ot them c mid find fault with the manlier in whicn the, men were trainel.ll,., did nit think It cnPy had had a orof-issional trainer the team would rhave e,iv-n anymore st,i4action.

Nir CooPER 8411 they ou eat t) seriously consider such an exUeNs fl movod an amen iment twat the matter be lett in ho tisn,ift ot thP coal hi:tee, Mr LIT ruinieeri sonanded, tid r nANIC l'craNEß thought a trainer unneeoasary. 0 lc one niub in cue Li nog to him k iowledge htd a t ainer. and that Wan thiford. The expenditure woul a b- a was'e of money. A Mzunirt : Had Batley a trainer ? Mr lURNIKEt: N).

Mr Diu. N said that up to the cup final the committee had the in .n ii the pink of condil ,n He n.ver loft Warrinoton with m :re confi lerioo that they wont.] bring the p,'t horn o tn.° he did on the d4y of the tt 'al. The tilura wine no, because ill rivm were not eood enough to win If they had played in any hing like tho form which thy attained. they would have Drought the cup home. (Hear, hear ) Oa the M clay ev ming they m-t Lengn in I he (Mr D 11130, w4B of the owninti thar ei her Warrington or Leigh omld hive " whaeken" Balny on 1100 isy night's play. fie did nit think a trainer. 02 a s fleet assay. _ _

Mr WALKER thn.uht. that elnrilering thn teama they ehoa'd titir- (.0 ace next sea3no one or two tlrst C 14518 playeei woull be kr m }re gala Able than a triiner. They ahlul 4 9ttligthAn the team to on , or tw) where it wit; t pre+ent w ak, a,cl the mmay wauld be bet er expende t io thin divetion.

KINSLRY said ids ,bj •ct in moving his amendment was to opp po3 r iie ppoznctn.mt of trainer simply for the cup ,ins. If on was appointed at ad he <Mound be appointed Cu. tha .tpas,in. In face of the second amendmnnt he withdr iw his.

_ ftc Cualaatior aupport>d the amendment that the mater he I. fc to the committee. If thy were prepared to le.ivo the engagement of pa : era le: in their hauls they ought to leave thia matter with them. lie took it tat the expression of opiidon in favour of a trainer would certainly lifluanno rho cinnmit'ee to earne.tly consider the matter. Ile did not agree with the remark they wanted a trainar for cup ties The men were in the pin of conli ion last Reds in. Every Stturdav they played batter foo•b‘11. He thought they w mid be well ad vis-d if they left the mater in the hands of the corn rni tree.

On a v9te b in taken the AIMPf &neat that theZrhatter b lett with th,A elyniVee wag un %ni.neuily carried.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NOCKENHALL S EXPENSES.

Ii rply to a ,nembo- M Nevins atTe.d. that 11)eken- h,11 who was on tho r.se.ve for the Batley ma ce was allowpd 411 hi eXcr,lll3eß. THE NEW LEAGL7I3.—STVIMIENT BY Mg ASHTON

===== 0002601_19010524_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
INCEEARED CHARGE TOE ADMISSION TO TITS FIELD.

M. ASHTON. at tie r qr.,st of the Oriatiman and me.-tingo,xpltiond the oiiiin and formation of toe inter county league. He believ .d the idea em rnated from tl direr. I; had at any rate tic n under disc lesion for some time. Th.. league w ud be composed r,f six clubs from eacb county (Lancashire and Yorkshire), but th. number might ultimately be increased. Warrington on- tained a place in the beagu. owing to their detest of on F....rter Mooday. I 970 colsidered very desir- rabic to extend the Nnthern Union, go rtint into Wales, and in the et.d paeaibly arrange internati at matches. (Elear, hear.) They had already had intimation from one or two nufside clubs of their willingueas Co j iin,and to obtain a knc vie iv of toi-ir clasr, friendly in itches very likely would b-• arranged. It had been decided— he an I the Runcorn rep s ',Maria() opposed it—to have a minimum cnarge (it 61 tor entrance to the fi-id. N iat saaaon would be a very serious time in the annals of the club, and it would be their duty to have the best p 'visible ream for up:* chat wculd depeld Visir future inclusion in the first di viaion.

A vat of thanks to the Ch-airnian brooght the namting to a close.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
-.•.---- MR. JOHN PEMBERTON AND THE ____

CORPORATION.

The Appeal Dismissed.

Toe anneal of Mr. John P inuertun against the deci- sion of Mr. Jusio Drling, whn refused to make an order against the Warridg.ion Corporation for an affi- davit of discovery Wil9 heard the Court of Appeal, London, on ?rid .y, b-fore Lords Justices Collins an 1 S•irling Mr. Wills Ceitty, r.pcmarnd for the Plaintiff and Mr. E Sutton, of Manchester (instructed by Mr J L Whittle, town clerk). represented the Corporation. After the argumenis of curiae! had been beard, their Lordships dismissed the appeal with costs.

11 A Warrington Man in Trouble at Widnes, rtt till Widnes Police Court on daturday Thomas Gleason was charged w h wandering about while of utis-iund mind.—PC Eder said that at I three 0'..1.)e1t on iorilay m:n.ning he saw prisoner in Victorh-road, Widnes. He smed very strange in his manner ai,d was talkin4 iocoaerently. Witness brought him to tte poic fiti".lon, where he was de- tained.--Edward rolieriag offi;er.Qaid he had seen prisoner the pr.-vie:is morning in Pod H nve- lane atTi from hi* manner he periled to he peculiar in his mind.—Superintendent Kroghley rood tat prisoner !lad Atated tie was 3 r. ailor aOl was horn in Warrington.—ln answer to tt.e inaizi•; rates prisoner began to talk very incohorently.—lle was sent to he Workhouse for 14 days.

ntssrßTrgs AM D M4ILDART3 iu latest Art Shades S. GaRLAND,SI. 53 an 1 55, lirldge-eit. Warrington,—Advt Personal.

Temple 1:o1legii, Pnile—i;l-,;h-i-e-, has conferred the degree of Doctor of Divinity upon the Rev C r Akid, of Liverpool who is also well-known in War- rington. The coil ge is one of the vitt modern in-ti!trions of the United S tree, and ie an outcome of the work of the Tern Bap'ist Church, the largest building for Piot stant worship on the American continent. Dr Sheldon, the author of In His step-," holds his degree from Temple College. Dr A, who belongs t N ittingham, received a pot-tion of his later education at the Mid- land Baptist College, and af(er occupying pastor- ates at syston (n •sr Leicester). St. H-lens and Eadeetown, went to Liverpo)l in 1890, having accept •d an invitation to take up the position of minis' or of Pembroke Chapel, wi ich he continues to bold. HI is an el,qu.nt prevher and an earnest worker in the 11,111 of pociai reform. Pictorial Post Caras

Encliab and Vorelan Vlow o,rds, bignly Artistic Cards and .-.11 Tuck. C•sra,..or the £l.lOO Prize Competition Elelf)•;14 ,ns sent cri recelut deoosit or references by lit'co LA:10 AND CO , 14 Church-street, LiVerpeol.—Alet.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
m............-...

ST. HELENS.

DEVITI Op COUKCILL ort 813 NitiF IT. OF ST. HELENS.— Mr B 1 in it. pr'pr-ACM Of toe Firece cit,43 ret, S: II lens. did about noon on Monday. Mr Beoriptt "714 a w'll knivn figure in the town. arid hid peen a member of •he T mit Council about four ye ri, whining Cent'a' W fir the C 'awry dives in f tsoion. II •Was six,v-two years of age, and a native of St n.ra.,-roire, Hr seas a member of the Lo•lge of Loyalty, 897, S. Fflone, and of the Licenscd V.orua lora' Aisocia 4)(1. About twenty-w 0 years ago be came to th Raven Hotel, and about eleven years ago took over tho Keece. and was the ;trine.* caterer of the town. Ho had beea ill a little over a week from bronebiriq, but had been in a critical condition for two or thr a days. vt7BLIC BBNEFIT UNDhIlt TICE °LOOS ion 'nor BOOTS tw LAMM SHARB.—Advt Asti{ for CUNNINGHAM'S 1.41111i-OLASS MINIMLAL rens.—Acivt KITE:I4BR RANGEIS. Tile Grates, Marble mil Wood Chiat,.ev pit,cs GaiaLartv.sl io 65. Bridge-et—Adv. LADISS' Bctir eILfIOW BOON A.ND 13110E8 UNDIStt Ti3lG CLUCK. IidIDCIB-S2llBll2.—Advt. _

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Tho above bfady met for their usu..l fartnightly log oie- rt the Workhouse, Dutton, no Tivsday. Mr J Kaowl(s presided. There were also pvesent —Admiral JOIIIrS e..rry. Me-ars S Woodward, .1 Mcl,t pre, J Dar- lineton, T Wright, N Dorton, J self,y Williams, A G Guest, G P iu, U 134.4 wdst.o. I' Le, P Gleave. V, A Wallington, A El Talbot, E C;ark,,,J W Baugley, J B 31. gnaw, Bradford. Hillingtoa, with Messrs George F Ashton (clerk), W E Dough, (deputy clerk), James Fa:rington, (inspec-or), .1 Swinton (soryeyor), and Dr J A.l4ms ( Aedical Officer). 'Tbe ca-rk explained that Mr W aggle (Me surveyor's) absence was caused by his attendance at an Mr:pity regardiog the Wallasey water supply wbica was b ing held tha,, day.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVERS P3LGUTION.

Replying to the C erk's letter askiug for the report of Dr Vacher with respect to the pollution of brooks in the Council's District, Mr Reginald Potts, clerk to tie County Council, forwarded the report This showed that Dr. Vach-r regarded the newage works relating to Iron. D,sh Brook, Flo!pool Gutter,llod 'ether water COMS'S iii the Parish of Heiaby as satisfactory. Alluding to the analysis of Kingsley Brook, Kingsley.Dr Vacher:regarded ir as unsatisfactory. Haviag a ample of the brook analysed, and obtaining a certifl late that it is a first class (*lent did no'. prove that the brook was unPol- luted. As a matter of fact there were many houses drained directly or indirectly ioto the Kingsley Brook, and it was polluted t'q.r.!by. The report refers to a ditch discharging into Norcot Brook between 8 retton and Higher Whitley and says :—Tne coinnlaint was that 20 houses between B^retton and Higher Whiles, drained by a common sewer to a ditch discharging into the N )rcot Brook and that the latter was also p Muted by r-ceiving the drainage of 120 other houses. Trio 12 houses do not aapear to have ban diverted from the brook. Of the Preston Brook, l're•ton-,'-th'-Efil, the County Medical Officer of Health says : 8 nee his brook newel to receive was,o )iquor from the Tannery, its c inditien has been much improved, S ill the fact remains tt,at the higher part of Presten-o'-th11•11 is drained to Preston Br ok. which is po luted thereby. In regard to Halton Bro-lc, Halton, the report sacs :—`. rho Halton Brok Pollution hae beau more frecioe,tly the subj 'et of complaint than any other pollirion lathe rural &strict. Haying the settling tanks periodically cleansed is cl,hhtless better than leav- ing them uncle niiod, nut tie nil tent from the tanks is sewage, and the brook is polluted thereby. 'Now that sewage can b effi Aently treated bac'eriologically in coot et be Is, an installation of ihis kind migtv, easily be arranged on land adjoining the tank, and all the sewage treated thereat.

Mr-r Winget with regard to lialton intimated that delay had Win caused,hut that something wculd be done at the next mo,ting of the P.rish CnAncii. Mr M )s-lev Williams proposed that the committee cansising ot a eau 'calor from each district in which there wero complains, which had the matter under 0-,l4deration behne, be re-appointed. Mr Pilling seconded.

Mr S Woclward -lard he wished to propose that the Inspectnr of nuisancPs be instructed to inspect the Kingsley Brnnk and issue notices to trui people who loo!lutd thn brook to abate the nuisance. It was the dtrevt, an I only remedy for tlig Mr rn; motim was then agreed to and the In- sp ctor was iostruuted to taka note of Mr Woodward's request.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A G RAPPENUALL NIIISANIE.

Mr itatasrt Curran, ri Ts in arkot Cii rneys, Warring- ton, under da-r) May Hi n, 1901, wrot : " Dear Sir,— I should like te drtw your attention to the D)llation of Morris' Brook. Fur tho tat 4 years the condition of this brook has befn • diserae,e to the Union. Previous to this the farmers used the water for cattle drinking pur- D,ses. N)w it has heen condemoed and I have to pay £5 per annum for ono tenant, and besides this if some- thing is not done to stop toe pollution it will cause an epi- dome in the neighb mrhood. There has been an amount of sickness that I personally attribute to this brook I had a client over the grou.otl near the brook to-day who had arranged to purchase a large plot ef ground, but when he 9'4W C)ndition of the brook he at once abandonoi the idea. Sornethiog wlt have to he dene in this matter, and that very shortly. 'Lucre should be no difficulty in your inspectors finding out where and by whom it is polluted, al there are not many cootributors to it. I hope von wilt without delay cake steps to have thia matter remedied."

F4tring ma slid he htid been to the spot, but was not quite prepared to rPport. 1: wis theiefore decided that the Ireipec.or repirt at the not meeting.

THE PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The Clerk navints wricten to various c7ll authorities empirical; what action they proposed to take with ri-fitreno.e to the o oler of the Local Government Board constituting a Port Sanitary Anthony for the Customs Port of Mtnches Pr had received rep lea as follows fhomaa S Womack, clerk to ItIAM Urban Metric Council wrote : "Bily Council have not yet decided what an i in-they will t .ke in this matter. We are endeavouring to ascertain !he probable amount of our contributions to the extran-es if the proposed order is made permanent an' it will depend up m !hit whether we offer any further opposition or not." Mr W Ei Nmirson. town clerk, of Eccles wrote : , " 011 receipt of the draft orcle- I called at the office of the Local G )tAroment Botrd and ascertained that the it,floence of the board would be used in favour of the order as issued. At my Council do not obj 'et to the principle of representation and taxation which is given ffeet to by the terms of the order, they are of opinion Chat their position is not strong enough to petition against the same. I have communicated with the town clerk of tVarringten and informed him ;that I shall b 3 pleased to attend any no !eting he may call of riparian authorities, and if by combined action, it is possible to induce Manchester' Salford, and Stretford to accept tbo terms ot the old draft, I am prepared to render assistance." Mr J W Whitworth, clerk to the Barton.upon•lr well Rural District C Arica wrote : " This Council will not native in the m tier unless the boroughs aff.!co!cl do. I understand the Eccles Corporation are not disposed to pur!!ue the opposition any further." Mr J E 8 Oidve, clerk to the Wirral Rural District Council, Bi kenheA d, wrote • "So far as individual action is concerned my Council do not propose to do anothibff, but I think thy w tlld join for collective action with all the other riparian authorities who are opposed -o the order. At the 841110 timo they feel that the prospect of upsetting the order is not very good after what was sail bp Dr. Reece A t the recent inquiry." Mr S Sutton clerk to the Warrington Rural District Council wrote :—" My Council will strenuoudy oppose the order made. I have been and am in communication with the town clerks of Warrington and Eccles who are proce! ding on similar liner. I have su7gered to the latter gent lema n the adv isability of coovening a meeting of local authorities opposed to the order." Mr II S Opp.nhehn town clerk of Widnes. orrote : My Paritin !nt try dontnittee; have pasaed a resolution directing me to give notice of obj ,ction to the proposed ordor, and to oppose the same if noid be, in Parliament. Mr Juba 1..y0 Whille, town clerk of Warrington wrote : "I think it is drsiroble that a meeting of all the riparisii au. horilies concerned should lo!! held to decide upoo the eOUrse of action. I am in communication with the tot': clerks of Itaoles and Widnes, aod if they approve I will c 411 a meeting." M, E Milliard, clerk to th. Lm n Urban' C iuncil wrote saying that be could not stare what actimi thu Cumnil would take. It was decide 1 to leave th q iestion of oppcSition in abeyanc !!„ and await developmeat9.

===== 0002601_19010524_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE caw r COUNSEL. FOR THELWALL.

MR. MC V....ITEM REFUSES TO ME MUZZLED. Dr J Pmuy, M. 8., D St., F R S.E , wet *,ir from the South-W.!btero 1:1 AO, Alder4hot, on May 18h, 1901, asked to 1)A sa,ml.4 with copies of ti A an Aysis mado by Dr Carter Hen for the Rancorn R Ira! DNtric,-, Council of all the ffiients taken from the ditch and tanyard at Thelwall, and also for a copy. of tho w4ter fiunity of the t*nvard of NI-*Firg Long during the past VOir (April 30. 1900, to Ap il 30, 19)1.) 'no matter was now under eis intr-stigati and he wouid report in duo course to tho Coureit.

- , i The Cork ntima'a I that the abmre ruvinst had resul- ted from correspondoace he had had witia Dr. Penny on the subj et Mr Mclntyre asked that the letter the clerk had written to Dr Penny be read. The Cloak did so.

Mr Mclntyre then wired whether Dr Penny had notified their Medici il Offteer of the date upon which be int• ndel making his inspection. D• &dams mph, d he c nild give no information. Mr Mcintyro asked whether Mr Wallington could give them any information. Mr Wallington ; I crnivit give you any information. Mr Mclntyre. In the in'orest of Messrs Lang and Sons. Mr Wallington : Mr Chairman, I rise to a point of order. I think it would be b,.tter,Mt. Mclntyre, if you said nothing ..b iul it ss I have remarked before, you are an interested party in it. The Chairman was going to role Mr Mclntyre out of order, when Mr Mclntyre intimated that to out hirneelf in order he would pmpose a r.eclution. II thought it VP4B high time the matter was brought to a close. Messrs Long ano Sons had been under inapoction for some twelve months. They had bean subjected to inspection by all sorts of partiea Some by night time and some in the day time. It was f1')!: very !mg ago that a eelec cora- mittee—he would call i-, a secret committee—was al). pointed by the Council Rho were privi,eged to be callod together at any hoer of the day or night to inspect the works. Elod they ever had a report trona that Secret Comnsitte• ? were they still carrying on the night and day visttati ? When was tl,e cimmittee going to band in its report ? Perhaps M. Wallington weal be able to give them some ieformation ? Mr Wallington—he said it a visably—hael taken the place of chief counsel for the whole of the inhabitants of Thelwall, and w..s acting in the interest.; of the prosecution. (Laughter). Mr Wallington ro-e to:a oint, of ',vier.* Mr McleVyre continu ng said be was only anxious that the report should be given either by the committee or Dr Penny at once. Mr Piling ',marked that he did not think the Com- mittee had ever met. The Chairman thought the whole matter Wita in the

===== 0002601_19010524_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
hands.of.Dr Penny.

Mr lidelntyre pinteased that the Clerk be instrected write to Or Peony ietimeing that it was necessary the his report on the sui j ,ct she .11 be sent in ferthWitb• He understood that la had been on the spit. Mr Wallinenn rec,llsd the fact that when Dr Petia/. was speoint,d i wa gartereey understood that hilt inspeetion of the place was to tie• of the nature of * .eirp.ise visit. It did not BODO i ti common sense that Dr Penny shou'd intimate the time of his visit. With regard to Mr Mclntyre's remarks he thought it would he better if he said nothing about it; and lot the expert go into the inatter. Mr Mclntyre : I refuse to be mezz'ed by the chief Counsel for the prolecurinn ardrele Mr T Darlington would like to support Mr M,lntere• He would repeat at the a ime time *eat the vie...etair- man had said "that be WAS anxiona to see this matter Itnrotieh. aril it did net matter wee her it (nit seven or ' 700 guineas." (Hear bear ) They had engaged Dr Pens9' ' was r a fact that Dr Penny had taken luece with Nir Naylor, and had been drve i back by Mr N see-r in 0' carriage ? Re hal beard something to that tff ?et, and if it was to be an independent ingeiry he thotaeht the' ought to begin over again. (Hear, hear ) Mr Mclntyre's rr or,ion was tea put an i carried. THr; DIFECTI',DS DISEASES HOSPITAL. SITE AT SPY BANE, DUTTON. Mr S Woodward intimated caar, tne I..fectiam Dieesseg Hospital Committee had ml that morning. Meseta Pilling, Williams, Darlington, Wright, Tether, and hire' self being present. They bad learnt from the Counte Welled Officer of Health certain things which made it re-ssitee for them to proceed wti their work. Dr Vacher recommended one isnlation hespitat for the di district, and had upset their id, as that grago objections would be raised to Mel. sites. That morning they had inspected a site, about 400 yards from the Workenuse—(known locally le Sny, Bink)—which wei in. every way suiteble. The administration or offi.eals f the liespital wnred have t° be appointed from tie commencement, and the district would have to prey de 24 be Bit with regard te these it would not do to supply the whole straight Of and a start coeld be made wih twelve. The Committer, approved of the sits unanimously end recommended that the agent of the land he intervlew,d on the spot and big dries made as to ,he williegness of the owners to soli and the price they leileired. Ho moved the &doe' Hon of the recommend :Men. Mr Pilling seconded and it was unanimously agreed to.

===== 0002601_19010524_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLENDID SHOW OF FUMED OAK FURNITURE SIDEBOARDS, UMBRELLA AND HAT STANDS, BOOK CASES Ac., NEW DESIGNS AND REST FINISH, SEE WINDOWS PENDLEBUR Y AND CO., 12, AND 14, 14 INWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.I

S. IHuMA& VouliTON HEATH 1147. kAR AND FANCY FAIR. THuRiDAy. 131•2 JUNE; FRIDAY, 14TH JUNE; AND StTURD Y. 15TR JUNE NEXT. IN GII• lUNMI OF HILL CLIFFS. (By pcßmisitow 01 HENRY GascalsaLL Mu.) FULL Pahl ICULAAS eHOR LY. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. THE 12:rs ANNUAL SHOW, WILL HE HELD AT WALTON PARK, NEAR W ARRINGTON, ON TfIutLIDAY. AUGUST STII. Pet full particulars, Frias Schesules, &c., apply to the 81fIretary, H. BERFIWORD MELVILLE, 23, Bckl-street, Varrington.

641 DEG PARDON, EXCUSE SIE, BUT WHERE DID—," •• OR, YRS ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LISHOR-STIDIET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU." _ _ _ • - Air MUGU AND ELHOTRICITY. -Miss Bickford, earWi- iii Masseuse, rPcelves or visits Pktients for the above treatment Sopettloous hake removed by electrolysis. —Terms on application to 25, WILSIN PATTSI-STREET, War- rington. 4,2EROE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! ko Every workman should have one of HAI:MIMS cele- bmted 4s. 6d. wsrge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-BTBEET. Liverpool.

S- PLEDID Ae,=ortment of New Season's PAT- TRESS for our Celebrated 10s. 61. (to measure) TROUBBIVi. Woaderfu!ly good valde. litotrz AND CO, LIMITED. 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid. '

WARRINGTON NOW, DI6TRICT COUNCIL -- TO PADmFII4 CuNTit,turrOfti AND OVIDDIS. thThe ebov • Council a e deeiroot or obtaining TfiNDERS for h?,,reinvi,l of Nlht, ko from ildus-5 wi hin the Town- Work to be do, °' u'reat hank py, P-rtiontars to number of hous-a. Mr. F. Vv, tir Bco. in•lr b ot4lrl&l pon eopllcaiinn to -.arta() , Inspector ot v (rime at thit a airess, flealed ' ender. to be mit in o the undersigned not later than MONDAY JONH 17th, endorsed oa the envelope " Dust Contract... Ey Order, 0. str TON. Clerk to the Council. Downy Chamber., Warrington. May 23rd, '9Ol.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH. MOUNTED ON ROLD, PLATINUM, VIILCANITS, EBONITE, dc, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. HIGFIAM ATTENDI AT MRS. BAIRD IT, LNG 1 -SI REET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 54, OXFORD-STREET. ST. lIELENS.

- C Es DIRE COUNTY COUNCIL DAIRY fiedtILaRsHIPS ~.The TECHNICAL INS CRU)TION COMMITTEE 1"40,8 frr c m.,-t,tion a eumner ..1 Scholarships tor Instruction i D,iry W.ok an, t-mablo tor twelve weeks t the Dory bre, Woileston, commencing on June t(111,1901. A;,p i.atioos t.) be forwarded to me not later than JUM 6 h. ARD P. WARD, Or 2 1 Ornw..

WISE MEN SAY There are more women than man in the world. atm I ARTHUR EVANS Can't complain ; tlr-re are still sufficient men in Liverpool to keep all his m uvisters busy handing Out 6e. 64. and Bs. 64 Stylish 88w4 BOOTS, RUANCHRS. 6, and 221. LONDON-ROAD. 24. BBREY- STIIHBT. 51, BYROVI STRINT, kn. LtVERPOOL.

LW eIRPOOL & N. WALES. REGULAR UAiIS n 0 itN ING SAILINGS (,uutiei3B included). t, TUDNO &fly From ertuot/a Landing stage, at a h., Lr LI indudno B.wimaris Bangor, and Menai Bri.'gr, allowing about four home salicire at 1 lag vidno due back atx.ut 7 30 pm. (I ow rarer). alittra Sailin.,ES to day. 25th May. at 215 p m ; Whit 114:11Y. at 11 15 a m ; Whit lion.lay, for Llandudno, .114 Qum •rvou. et 9 15am 1 Boat from Waite. Tu.aday, 28th May, due In Liver pool at 10 5 N ‘rtel.Fare3 and all fn,ther pirt I tulare apply to the Liverpool `north wales dtennehip Company, .imited, T 0 Brew. See,etary 23 11'0-r-street. Live, pool. ( .531.1 Guide. pout tree 2 or with m.p 3d.

VOUND THE RIGHT MACE TO BUY FISHING TACIKLB.— 100 Worms in Bag and Moss 51; Hooks to gut. (id and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, ls to ls 64 per dozen ; gut Casts, three yards qd. ad. 61 and 9i each ; Gut Sotto -es with one hook attached 0,,e yard 24 two yards 41,three yards 61; Floate,two for Id; procupines 14 each; gentles in stook at 3d, 6d and le per be: WILL C AMB RRS, 25. MARKRT-PLACH el NCHIIiTIIIt. (Ye Olde Fishing Tnekle Shoppe).

2011 OH LATIR-LAND TO TUB 11•4L11 OF SAN. resat; twice Daily ( Cornmeal: g BARRnW to DO GLee at DOUGLAS to B4RROW-8 30 SRI. Tra'n in enryqui-tion with steamer leaves Warrington via rreeton at 959 a in SPEoltd• Cheap return f ire. fm Warrington: First chuis and 4 Trains run Third Chiba and •ieloon aloulta le Third cleia en Fore o.ibiu.ll4 64 steamers r SPBCI 1. NO new,- out uLAR TOUR Tickets available !Ming cia B rrow anJ returninz via Liverpool or Pleat' 0011. or vice. visa. eln now be obtained at following ..reres First-class end rialoon 19s 64 Third- lege and Haloon 144 Od Tv_ Thir. - leis And Fore COML... Od 1.40,"1,1014-nec to be broken at Grange. Uiverstone (for the Porwole abboy or .134rr0w IMPORTANT NOTION. icil.Zu magnificent new eipnes ste, met " DM:HUSS OF i7,4loN•til nil "wit be on the sere co MAY 25th to 29th 141,,e,1110 durine July. August, and September.—JAMßS a uo , Barrow. ISLE OF MAN. lIEW COMPANY. STEAM riER : !AL 'SDOUVRES. RETURN ANY DAY YO'l TAKE I 3/6 UP TO AUGINT 318 Y. 14.7111 Eve, I Sundays exoepted I RETtfilli. PROM LIVERPOOL, FROM DOUGLAS, 10.46 e bait m. 4 5 p.m. S•turday May 25 to June 4 (Sundays excepted). are invit.d to view the Queen's Cabin. 51. loywy railed her first trip to Douglas Saturday. may 18th Time, 3 boure 50 minutes TiVKI4T4 SOW RR ADV. 258. HACH. thews extra Mi It. and most heaotlfully-fitted oteasner was ~,greet tv nrite of Her Late Nit ,jeary Q Pen Vistorle. th!'tellets ein be had at the l'ompany's OS/ 49, White- • 1 ; Walker's 61 : tan ing....togo. Liver- • Clump% ,y's 026 •es, o Ir-bullding, Doualall. a -"la ai9.a)ouVRILS er LILY vii sail June, July, and "nefinst. _ GLASGOW EXRIBITION. N9LANDS' 10 Galißriocg AND GLAilarw. PRlNcr.,is LOUtSII " on OTHER eToeeicn. Vrcrn LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOIN, t Cl Eartb No 24. North Sltle. lla.are- 110 "Irly 25th 4pm Tnes May 28th 2 p.m :1:1.10 Ti44„k. t''‘v 314 9 p Mon. June 3rd, 2 p.m.. ~1 D 6 pin. June sth 123) p FA. June 7th 2 p tit• I)XL Glasenw (clentralito Greenock (Central.) "Vta"l/Ifiltßy PARIS: -Cabin Slntle ils. - Return (valid ,or 4 .41!) .th.). Is. 6t. Single. 5..5. 61. nyytraw Ticycys, InPlu4m4 admission to the thon (vatil for IC &on), Cabin, 14s. ; Steerage, Fal 3d. 14rj)lt B'Er:c v?lll(Wril.27 tilt Monde- or 4sturday till VlO.- Rttf* Curl reneing S i'21.1111/I.Y. MAY 25th. Cabin, 12s. : 7.. M, LANGLANVS AND SONS, 10, BUM tfORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

excepted)

A. AN

d. NI'LAINE, ...S4OIEBRS. JAWELLERS, AND • • ILITIFONM sTII3, 17, RICHP4OND-STUHRT. WIIITECHAPNL, LIVEI II 1300 L, One minute's walk from Oburoh.street. Lord-street. and G P.O. Money lent at lowest rtes on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver boinght. All transactions in aocor lance with Aot of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

I JANC &SHIRE WATCHES. cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 YEARS Giiirentee Certificate with eaoh of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Oases from 355. Hunters from £2 Me Sd. Liverpool Agent : It RUB EMS, 15 & 16. SF JO FIN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, OPPOSITE USSR-STREET 4TATION. Also %VAL HAid `NAT !HES in Gold, Silver and Gold-filled at Lowest Primo Current.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SNYEETMAN'S NEw NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTBD BY DAMP. PRICIi I. TAILS OF PORN HAUL FROM 56. 6D. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR 'LOTION. TN) Best Tfrmedv for FALLING OR WHAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of tialeinesa. PRICE Is. Bn. PR BOTTL.S. OUR ONLY ADDRESS : W 3 • 1. SW ERTMAN, RANBLAGH.k:TREIRT. LIVBRPOOL. (OPPOSITN 0 NTRAL STATION).

I?ORFEIT ED PLEDGES FOR SALE, viz. Lot of GARDEN TOMS 3s ed GLAZIERS DIAMOND ba 9d and Ts 6d LAWN MoWEH los 6d Two GARDEN ROLLERS Cheap Gent's 9-carat foil DOURLO ALBERT, pretty design, n rue bargain 2ss 6d FISHING ROD, (ferruled) Bras. CIIRCK TIMM la 6d Lady's Elegant bilk UMBIiELLA with handsome gold plate and pearl handle, studied with brilli nig, price only Twelre TABLE KNIVES and 12 FORKS,onIy 39 9‘l AT HUGHES BROTHERS', BROWSLOW-HILL. LIVIMPOOL. TelephAie 6,171.

. -- -- WEDDING RINGS.—Pup• Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND STXPSNCEI to Fl oTY SHILLINGS All ea" and 'banal,. ihcluding the round and Half-round always In stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger ere-cards post free —EUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrlngtbn. Established 1854. __— ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYEE-4' LIABILITY. IN6nunu .ao.tauBT. THEFT IFNURA.N.IE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE , , RAILWAY PASSENGERS' 1 ASSURANCE CO. ' 60, CORNHILL, LONDON. I Es ablithed 1849. 1 CLAIMS PAID £4,300,,300 . A. VI AN. Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE : 60 CROSS ST. ' Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: iNarrlugton Hr. C. J HOT.,MES, Market Gate „ Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesseliffp, Victoria-rd.,Latchford 'St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardsbaw-street Garlock Mr J. BILLINGS The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Mockery Bridge v.,-,,‘,,,,0ti .Mr 3. u.-malirn vir sTuow as"erneld tferum

- OP MAN FX"ItITS-1 MAIL STEAMER (Sundays (-xcepted). 4/- DAY F KCIJR 10 S. . 4/- Livitii..,ol.. nom VoTTGLAs. 331., Iv. ISA 7 24f h to Jane 4th. ......... to 30 Iman, 2 , in nadir 9am and 4pm to 311h...12 night i &hit Mn d iv. 6 pm b 12 night, an e "d 1 t 5 inn Itviiry Monday .........12 31 am • 001 'v 1 not ESth and '9th l2 night rikr palmist-lows DAILY to BINE 4th tloos. ,d' sin 44 ; Saloon. 61.,PVti1 Vol F 10 ri aril 1 I li. rorn Douglas 4 pm 41:rri ye 215 pm Liverpool due about... 7 45 pm t`Pttal,,,,2ll? It •ni‘y from Liyerpool. I am and 10.20 am,. 17)Air ... at d pm 4 rim, or 11 night iritainv TlGlCss'r9 are levied by all 12 nigUt tetar,":„` fnm f Warp° I. Satnrday midnight passengers hPr.k I,""dAY midniTht. on To noirotaa MII7GL &A To PLPETW.OT). Lii tn J ,rv) 4th. 2 .., nin I Daily,2sth to June 4t11,8.30arn la ae:01n1. To RAM9F.V direct Satiir Jaya, from 25th, noon ; Via Ton ... t. ap 7.141.. and 318 t. at P pm. • 00 To RIMRI,V, via Dongles, 30th and 3let. I •, rit•ge" • llustr:ded renotilet. free, portage. Id , their Lugrtliri. Live Stock. •nd Gouda con- Z,[itrip,,luti -et on y t,i the emliitons of carriage of the • 71,"41iM,,,."7, as iiiihlbited in thsl- oflie.s and on board their Vlurisi'' swan A Leaeh ; Cook k Son; Dean & Dawson, 44149 n'ua"nbi• - -' "AN STEAM PACKST CO., LTD., DOUGLAS. ---___

TENTH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices at .ed try many, MACDON‘LDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 303, Guaranteed. 1/VIACDONALDS PAINUSS OYSTEISI A Household Word. MACIDONALDS 'MATH Fit an 1 qnality guaranteed, MADDONALDS TEETH Fainlesi. No extraction. MACDON ALM METH No unsightly wires. MACIDONALDS TRYTH Soft palates for tender gum. MAODONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MAODONALOS TEETH Sets. 205.; In ai gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS IRXTRAOT4. The Nursing Record gays; Prices rno it moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. 'line Morning says: Rxeellent in quality. The Induatries coy: Actual ma 3uravturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting and life-like. Thousands of Oliginal Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, C lIIIRCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPvII, MoNDAYs, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYIANDS-STREICT AT Moss TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 tO 6.

TLLUMINATHD ADDRES4ES, Dig-STAMPING flao-SimilPe of 140,n4writIns. Typewriting, plans. quFsn titles oopied and lithogrriphei, 1-Iwpm AND SJN, Law Btationers 11 Queen-OA-opt, W•o•rington

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHAAII OLD WAIL MEDALS, GLD COIN' AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver Oti-fash oried Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches nate. &o . HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STREET LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street) N.B.—Morwy advanced upon Dia m onds,Watchos,Jew ellery, (to., at low ratos. —•

uIN N BBB'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WEBATLBY'S HOP BITTERS. WIIIIATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Sorew-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179 STORES OwEN tiTHISET.

Li t THE W ARRINGTON OLATE Ca, LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB /MOM TUN QUARRIBS OF Tall BUXTON LIMPI FIRMS, LIMITHD. SLATE AND BUILDER MERCHANTS, coLLIBRY &ORRIS BIOKRRSHAW COAL). HEAD Orates AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, W ARRINGTON. Coal Sidings awl Rranon Office Marson Street. Warrington

TT NDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publle. Sold by all @mere and Druggists. In Cantata' 6d.. 10d.. and Is. Bd. each. Whotele:, by J. OBDDEB AND SON LTD WARRINGTOB BSTABLISHED 1833.

REMOVAL. OLIVER AND CO.'S FIRST-CLASS BOW MANUFACTURERS AND REPAIRERS, INPORX Malt NEM EIWITS CUsTOKEILS TEAT THEY ARE NOW CARRYING ON TRETE BUSINESS AT 12, BRIDGE-STREET, LATELY OPEL PIED BY MESSRS BURROWS AND COLLINSON. WHERE ALL (=ERB ARE NOVI REMOVING OUR BEST ATTENTION. Thanking you kindly for past favours, and hoping for con- tinuance of same. OLIVER AND CO., 12. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HATE YOU BEEN CYCLE INFIRMARY? IF NOT GO AT ONCE AND TAKE YOUR BIKE FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR DIFFICULT. ANY MAKE REPAIRED IN A FEW HOURS. )3.5.A. Olt EADIE CYCLES £lO lOs. GUARANTEED VIE TWO TEARS. NOTE ADDRESS: D. EL GUEST, 47, MERSEY-SrlIE4'T. WARRINGTON.

NOTIOR OF RIM:MAL VIOLINS? BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. ISITRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC lepairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKIIIi AND REPAIR/3N. (Pupil of G. A. Chariot), 67. RENSHAW-ST[OMT (corner of Bensou-st,eo, LIVHRPOOL.

FOIL HIGH-CLASS PROVISIONS TRY H. P. 111ARBYSIIIRE'S, HORSEMARK4T-3TREET, WARRINGTON. - - MC DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALR'SSIAN. NEAR BRIDGE Foor, LATCH:ORD. FRESH FISH DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID. 'TO 3D PER LB. Lass THAN OTHERS. DON'T PAT FANCY PRICES AT FANCIC SEWN. THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

BOOTS CA.SIT CHEMISTS. All the adrantages of eo-operstion miy be secured without trouble 13; customers dealing with BOOTS. the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of per cent. on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES. EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF ARIUS QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, 5, BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT 6, OIUiIiKIEK-STREET, ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREIET. RUNCOSN, A 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING AMOUNT AND RENT BOO} 3 FOR 1901, ToGIITHER %ITit A VARTNTY OF USBFUL AND ORNAMHNTAL GOODS. Go TO T. CLAER'F, t• is rp r..iXA MINER" OFFICE. 33 MARK& -BULLET, BAILLESTOWN.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OP WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. EHG 10 WS NOTICE TIIATI ;THEY HAVE 'OPENED A saturou RSTABLISHMENT IS OFJEEN STET, ELsrowN. (opposira THE STATION). WITH A Broca OF WALL-PAERRHANGINGs, wrIDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLuscRINCL PAINTINO. GASPITTINO. ac. WILL BEDEWS MIDRIFF ATIENTION. BEST WORE EASSEIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AREwre FOR " WELSBACK " INCANDE3CEST LIG} ;ITS. ESTIMATES PLCIE• • UMBRELLAS! UNI3RELLAS 1! THE LATEST NOVR THIS SUIDiBLII TON PHIS ,Ehlz LADIES' & GENTLEMEN•S W V,KkNO STICKS UMBRELLAS AND MITIV6I-(ADRS Vtias,JrlCliklD EN HAM) AR HOUR 11:03I 69. td). T. enlgizuly, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

EADE S 6013 T and itIih.UMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. " Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E, E"''S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. .• Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr FROM. 53 New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to healtb."— M. Eels'. 58, North. imberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S' GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."—E J Blaumaid. 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILL.; CiatE LUMBAGO. " I woe out of tied with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. EADES GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat thens."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W. E ADA'S BOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. "The day after taking only three pills I was almost well." - Plaid° Brans, 32 Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADB'S GoUT PILLS CURE YAINS IN THE. LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your totiti and soon got rellet."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, 11..nohatitr. VADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL "I had not been out of bid for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."--John Latham Oxford-street Cosiville East. Leicestershire. 11-41 ADE'S GOUT PILLS. 124 RELIEVE IN ORE HOUR RAPID CURE. "Abet taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cAtages. Ray- wool's-heath, Su. sex. E A DE'S (IOU" PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; If that Is so yours are wo,Wa a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hogue, Bute.elasr, Stwksbridge, Deepiew GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Cheinists, in bottles. Is. ltd. and 29 Id.. or seal post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232. Coswell-road, London.

DON'? COUGH—USE .)ON'T COUGH—USE DoNT COUG D—IJSE There la absolutely no remedy so RpeAy and efreetiel one Lozenge alone gives relief; can toe taken (ay the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH ILDZEN GE 3. KEATING'S COLGH OZ ENGES, KEATING'S COUGH tUZ ENG E It you csinnot sleep for coughing, one KRA WWI Lozonge will set you right. Any Doc:or will tsli yo o they are • UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRI VALID UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 130, ouch cr. free on reosipt of .tansps, from THI MIAS KEATING.. Chemist, London

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, wil RIRE ? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTII UTE, /35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,' WREN? EVERY WEDNESDAY St FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SLNGLE TOOTH 2. D. •

BUY YOUR BRUqHES, FROM TES WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO 19, CHURCH. SrIIKET, WARRINGTON WH MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BILUSIIRS. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION

WHOLRSALE DEPOT. SAM N. GREEN, (FOR UPWARDS OF IS YEARS wira SKELTON'S, LTD.) WHOLESALE GENERAL DEALER. AND FURNISHING IRONMONGER: LOEDON, BIRMINGHAM. MANCHESTER. ADD SHEFFIELD GOODS. MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. °

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSBY-STRKET. WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punetualWattended to.

IF DOUBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE/ TRY IF JOHN HARROI) LIMITED, 122, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTO N • CAN SUIT YOU. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM, DINING- ROOM AND BED ROOM SUITES. BEDSTE &DS AND BEDDING, KITCHEN FURNITURE, BASSIN ETTES AND MAIL CARTS. (A FEW saor-soILED ONES AT COST) HARROPS LIMITED, ARE THE LARGEST HOUSE FURNISHERS, IN 7'HE OILINTRY AND M•NUFACTLIRE NEARLY EVERY ARTICLE THEY SELL. THCY SUPPLY GOODS ON THE EASY PAYMIDNT SYSTEM CHEAPER THAN )13ST HOMO DO FOR CASH. MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CALL JOHN HA R ROP LIMITED, 122 Bit EDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. INSPECT OUR SrocK, NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY, PRICES GOODS ARE OFFERED AT SELL THEM. _ _ _

SEND FOR IT AT ONCE. POST FREE. LARGE NEW ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. PIONEER COMPLETE FUR ISFIING STORES, B' JLD STREET, LIVERPOoL. Lowgsr PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. SPLENDID STOCK.-ENORMOUS PREMISES. FIN EST FURNISHIN GOODS -,TOCK OUT OF LONDult. ALL PIIRCAASES OVER 40s. DELIVI_ RED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN LAT BRITAIN. TEhAIS CASH ONLY.

THE SPRING IS WITH LS. MEN'S SPRING SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. YOUTHS' SPRING SUITS STYLISH AND WELL cur. BOYS' SPRING SUITS LATEST 1901. SPECIAL DESIGNS. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. ALL PRICES FIXED ON FIRST COS. IF YOU THINK THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN, JUST PAY A vim To THE M.C.D. 8, AND 10, HORSEIIARKET STREET, WA.RRINGTON. THE NOVELTIES IN CLOTHING THEY ARE SEIOWING WILL ASTONISH YOU. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND ;DIAMOND MERC LRTa DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (ET ALL Tax LEADINa ILLICF.RB) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' • PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Motley adyanarld on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, km, to any amount at low rates of interest; strict pri‘aoy guaranteed Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPtIONE, 2361.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICH A RI) tTEFFREYS, SS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, lIIMAMB MAXIM AND PRINT BBLLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes. &a. Terms Moderate. A FlDltil COLLECTION OP eao.roaaspas for Orystoleum awl Panel 11/41ntirtgt. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Moo Conies of Pintnee In the Continental Galleries

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORR E INKS. -• • . (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE:! TO BE HAD WHOLESLLE PROM SAM N.. OP.b.EN, MARKET PLACE, WA RIZINGTON.

SOUTHORNS3 LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING A MOST EXQUISITE STOCK ) i FANCY FeRNITURE, COMPRISING Cigar and Medicine Cupboards, Corner-brackets, Tea-tables and Trays, Flower-boxes, Wall Cabinets, Bell Houses, Glove and Handkerchief boxes, 4-fold Screens, all of which are beautifully made, and ele- gantly designed for Wood Carving, Poker Work, and Painting Decorations. :SEE WINDOWS, PLAIN FIGURES, CARL PRICES. Telephone No.; 6367. Telegrams, "CURTAINS," LIVERPOOL.

ADDRESS- -38, 40, & 42, Basnett Street, LIVERPOOL.

WOULD YOU IAVE SOFT VELVETY SKIN? They tire -Si 44 -1 will entirely „a • ' remove all ) ROUGRNESS,CHAPS, Ate TAN, IRRITATION, etc, • in a very short timo. • Bottles mazarrnAm & soNij 61,i5.,and25.6. CHELTE N HA; ".

If you have PILES in not neyleut and allow them to assume wors^ forms ;" Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURTI ls the only safe and eff.etnal remedy for inward. outsfeji; nd bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts a oharm 0P..• Whorl. and onuses them to disarMear Ulm mr, ,neitlye Cure for Chronic Indigestion gold by en cheroo,7 In hntt.es Is. 11 Post paid from XFUry AND Cy' HALIFAX.

.. - R. A ' GITTOES, LATE OF THE MERSEY CYCLE worais) MANUFACTURER OF THE ' NEW LION CYCLES. /2::.., MANCHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON. (11,4,ft. , •:.,---4...-- A ..-v ---...) .....",........:).7,4., ~,, . - '4ll AGENT FOR "t 0 A..LLARD CYCLES. NICKEL PLATING AND ENAMELLING 115 ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUMINIUM ANT, OTHER BRONZES. HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept in Stock' REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANT MA-3 Of CYCLE, _ -- - - - - ! • I—. - - -k.., ..... 1,,,;::---,-._ % .F. ...4, id .11197 - -.-- ' 1441.1111..............„ .. ''::::----------- ' ngs. n tza-eri LAIrUITATireP,CjiOLIONFEI, ' 'IA: -41vtraot -,e, ITALIAN MANDOLINE. Glll% . .6.1 c 1 0 0 B'l6 T°O t ill I:Rs. «..7b'.Ta:lrtgll°dl,42ooL. Et !i.':...,.:::',:Ar';',-,,..-• ..'°":>'.' '. '',.:'l ( * „

• SOFT FAIR SKIN. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur. ed to those Ladies who use owland 74) vrDit which removes Redness Rourimess and all cut- , aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes cs. 3d. & 45. Od. Sold by Stores, Cbenlists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton f,i,,rden, London.

LANDUDNO.—MANSELL'S BOARDING ESTABLISH- .I.I MEET, splendidly situated in best part. superior accommodation, every comfort, moderate terms.—CßAlGrdolr, Abbey-road DOUGLAS, DOVER HOUSE. MONA DRIVE, Central Promenade, close to places of Amusement and Bathing Grounds.; Trams pass door. Terms 5s to 6s per day.-11. ABENEIBEIIO, Proprietor.

DOUGLAS--BMPIBE BO s HOMO HOUS 6,Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to pl ices of ainuserrient and bathing grounds; trams pass door ; term s 6s 6d to 6s per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

nOVGLAS ISLB OF NIAN, LINDSAY'S BOARDING ESTABLISHURNT. Empress Drive, Central Promen- ade. faclng Sea, and close to all places of amusement. Pull board from bs. per day. Allowance dining out.

DOUGLAS. GRBBLWOOD BOARDING ROUSH. First house on promenade. unequalled position, facing sea. Visitors will find this house most comfortable. Very moder- ate terms.—Apply B. INILLIaatAcx, Proprietress. Telegrams Gymnasium."

LONDON. NAT ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUI GATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, SUSTON tQUARN. HOME C .31170 Rn. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Tempe-ance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPOBT.—SUNBYSIDS HYDRO, Physician Dr BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort; flue Sea View near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day. including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. 1. BOODOCK, Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIIIING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTBRING OR RE-bEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 145.3. ESTIMATES FREE AWv 'STANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS FITTINGS Ac.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTUARANT KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE). SPECIAL TERMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES. 38, CHAPEL-STREET.

LANMAlHFROHAl9.—Well.furnlehed Booms. in artist's -1..1 house, facing sea; good cooking. 011eJ party only.-1-1., 1. 111.tautE TERRAC-F.. COLWYN BlLY.—Superior Apartments pleasantly and conveniently situated ; terms moderate.—Mrs. R. D. GREEN. Ocean-view.

BLAChPOOL. Mno llsiswouns 68. Dioksourroad. Two minutes from Talbot-roaq Station and seal—Public and priv,tte apartments. North shore. LLANDUDNO.—Beautiful situation ; will-aired beds; bath ; reasonable items.--tdisies SAArroN. Fron- dirion. Hosebtry Avenue. craig-y-don.

BLACKPOOL Superior APAIITMONTS, Bath, Piano, near Sea and Trains, terms moderate.—Mge NDWAHDS. 30, Templeton Terrace, North Shore. BLALPOOL.—supert with or douse. wi or w ittiont board K Buffs, Foresters, and all made most we:come.— Send for circular; PaLatza. 93, Albert-road. 9k4 RS. BAMFORD, Trafford House, 11, Empress-drive, IT,II Douglas Isle of Kan. APARTSIIINIS with or without Board, nea.r to shore and bathing ground.

QL.AI...KYLHJL.—idcs JACK 34.1.,1, it.l, Oren,. las-.Lreet. Oouth Beach; near sea. Uentral 3tatioi, arid sm nos malts : A2ARTME.SI79 ; bed and waiting for two, 25 daily piano. BLACKPOUL. Apartments ; home comforts, with or without hoard. those to Central BLat.on. Des. and all places VI e.m., <,x,eat. Piano.—Mrs HALL and DAV.cr, 34, Hornby road.

BLAVXPOOL. apartments; home comtorts with or witootit board. Close to Central Station, ses, and all places of (amusement. Piano —Mrs S. RATCLIFFE.t.L. Grove Place, Uhapet street.

U4It)RTABLI Itirulshe4 Ara.ItrMENTS. Zu minutes from sea. 2 sitting. 4 bedrooms. bath and w.c. With or Without attendance. ispien,kitt views. DEMPSTERS, Daisy Bank Farm, Middleton. near MorecAm he

be Let, for July and Augu,t, Furnlibed detached ; beauthdlly situated ; magni&ent view; bath (h. and c.), and W.C.- Apply. Mrs Joriss, Tauy- covd, Trarlw, OM.

--- 00MFORTABLIMPARTMENTS with sitting-room and k two bearoonts ; no2bildren or other lougers ; delightful scenery and close to Myer Conway ; moiernte terms mid good cooking.—LLOTD. Vine t.ottage. Tref ri w.

LL 5 OF MAN.—UOMFOEMOLH APART- AtilliTB, with or without beard. at PEMPhitION b LItIYIS. Central Promenade. Alec) Private Sittiag,Rooms ELYTHAM, Proprietress.

DULAMBRIS ROUSW 1 Empress-drive,Central Promen- ade. Doug's. Isle of Mau, spitudid Views ; Bosrd and itebideutos irom 58 to 56 6d per day. COAFORTABLR APAILTMIsead and private Sirld NGI-1100MS.—M iss KLUX:eeI. Proprietress.

PENIERTII. -Cottawee 4e Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. 84 pee vreols. BANK 61.8R8T (WICK, £5 room. 054FICKS SANK ,Y ON t UMW IlikkKßT 33 (7ATHIlitIblll STREW., rent 4s. 3d Shop, 33, PINNBII6 BKOW, rent 76 6d. per wk. 83 HOWLEY LANE, rent ss. GRAF? INHALL C0TT41313 svith large gardzn, rent, 3s. 16 Glai oThilliT, rent 41e. Laburnum Villa, FROGbALL 10 WALLINGTON STREW, rent bo. Apply 210 BERT LOWE, &tate Ageut,No. 1 BAnk-stroet,War. limit on. Telephone—No 55.

TIRRHISRS suitable or WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1 Apply Woone & Bon, SCilottons, Hoesewarket-str ee War? i 11003E1. frO LAT, good HOUSE, tiopwood-street ; 3 bedrooms.— I Apply Woona AND boa, Solicitors, Lorsemarket.street. 'Warns! ton.

salto bp tortbate trear CH LAPAM Maternity MospitAL—Jefferys-road, Loudon Ladies trained in theoretical and practical midwifery (3 months course). Monthly nurses trained.—Apply SECRE- TARY. DUG DOG at Sind, Woodside Major. Sire Chami ion Fins- bury Major, Winner of 150 Firsts. Darn Queen of Durham, Big Winner and Dam or Winners, Major is a grand headed Dog, and sure Stockgetter. Puppies for sale.— GRAHAM, Rope and Anchor Owen-street, City-road, Man. I chester 6 0 lllltioCsarrectltt Dialogues.A Sketches swell:time up-to-late, T3heffield. ENONMOUS SAVING in Soap. Inyalnahle to economical housekeepers, simple recipe, 14.---rdrs. GRM, Baton, Witham.

AUNDRY.—Glazing linen like china. No polishing IA Irons, also stfffening.—Write LAUNDRY. IN, Liscard. Cheshire. I\-T RTTING NETTING. Garden Netting. Cricket Nets. 11 Tennis Net* and Game Nets of every description. Themes JouNson's, Net Warehouse, 38, Corporrtion-street. Manchester. MANN= GARDRIC NETTlNG.—Cheapest and best in 1. the market; 125 yards, 3s. &I.—KNIGHT, Royal Arcade. Lowestoft.

910 BA BOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes —The extensive Works, lat ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. bnitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addreas J. llosxvio, 16, Fenwick- treet, Liverponi.

Gil ill-itealth. a good BOGR for Sale in the .1 Wesleyan and General Assurance trociety, splendid opportunity fru good business men. Apply 17, MAIIB)IEOI7BE- LANE, Warrington. 1) HRITIIATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete IL borne cure. Preface by Dr. 0 ,le. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free oi receipt of post- card. Address :—PrAmitutim a, 18, DevonAtire-street, All Saints. Manchester.

ANTIQUES purchased, Furniture, China, Armour, Medal.. Jewellery. Postage Stamps, &c.—Monnisox, 1308 Nethergate. Dundee. APEN-AIR TREATMENT OF CONSUMPTION: —End •• • wick Sanatorlum. Sussex. For ladles and gentlemen Pure bracing air; guineas week ly.--BECRETARY, 165 Claphani--os .1, London.

Li AT rotsolg —Amongst the many preparations now k offered for the destruction of Rats, Mice, Moles, etc . Sanford's original '• Found Dead" specialities are admitted be users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes is. 2d.. 25.. and 3s, post free.—SAN/ORD AND Sow, Sandy. Fold by Chemists.

()LD COPPER Braes. Lead, and other description of Old Metal ; highest prices and immediate oash.—M HARRIS FloN. Ltd. Barron's Place Waterloo-road. S.B. Telephone 1377 Hop. Established 1821.

NTIQUIS FURNITUIIII —A large stock on Sale of t. chlppeniale and oak chairs, shield back chairs, carved oak and mshoganv chests, corner cupboards, odc gate tables, square and t wlsted legs, old china, pictures, &c.; furniture bouebt. sold, or exchangei—J LIGHT. Liverpool-road kelrnersdal., near Orrnskirk.

HOME WORK, by the quickest. simplest. and latest lm proved Harrison Knitting Machines ; highest ways earned; lists tree.—HARVISM MACtrusE Oor.. Ltd.. 48 Upper Bronk-street, Manchester.

TO FARMERS CONTRACTORS, and oth.rs.—To be Sold, ehesp. 75, TRAMOA.R SODS e. 3, In good condition, soitsble for summer-bouses, offices, Bm.—Apply MADEN and MoliFF:. 7 Breck-rnad, cerponl.

ILLkNO.--A quick. safe cure for stoutness. Trice Is 3d. NOBLE GRAY, Caldecot, Cambridge. MONO. the Perfect Bernedy,' cure, in a few hours ; capsules and stomach remedies are useless ; results guaranteed, stamped address for particulars.—W. FIELD, 71, Beulah-road, Walthamstow, London. JjOr WATER INSTANTLY. Night or flay. Hot Bath whenever wanted without notice, without waiting, without kitchen fire. Boling water in a single minute. Great comfort and convenience at small oost.—BWART'S GRIMM for gas or oil or fuel. 346 Ruston-road, london. Illustrated catalogue, Sect. "x." post free.

GENUINtiI 18 at. rolled Gold Curb and Padlock. Bangle lea 64. Genuine 18 at rolled Gold expanding Bangle les 6d. Genuine 18 at rolled Gold long Guard 108 6d Yx- panding Bing fit any finger, solid gold 3s 6d. All warranted 10 years.—A. J. SULAM Jeweller, Winchester.

lIAY AND GRAIN SHBDS.—Steel and Iron Shed 62 x 24 feet, 17 ft to eaves, partly enclosed. Price de- livered erected £OO each. or 3 yearly payments of £33. Other sizes in proportion. Fire-proof, stormproof. practically indestru^tible. These sheds save their cost to Farmers in very 16W years. Sheds same size. lighter construction £7O Cash, or three yearly payments of £25. Inspection invited. itAAO DIXON & CO , Windsor Ironworks, lidos Hill, Liverpool

VGGS FOR bITTING from pure bred Black Edinoraas, LA Wbite Legborns, and Buff Orpingtons, 2a 6d per sit- ting; no Su,day business.—J HUGHES. Bruche Beath, Paogate, Warrington.

up LACR: Orpington EGGS 3s. Rd. an 1 2s. 6d., White Leg- ILP horns, 23. -A. per r:020.1 ; also Black Ho womb Bantam Eggs from my Palace and airy. ac winning strain; lOs 6d for 13. FLE-rcuza, Bur,cough Mills, Burscough, near Ormakirk.

TUGGS FOR SITTIN.e. Langskans, White Brabmas,Lanca- ..lU shire Buffs, Buff Codalos, Buff Orplngtorts Black Orpiogtons, Barred Plymouth Rocks. Golden VVvandottes, dilater Wyandotte's, Ludic; Game. Houdens Anconas, Black Leghorn,, White Leghoins. Buff Leghorn.. Brown Leghorns, Black Minorcas, end Ttree Cr sees for Table and Laying : I:louden-Game, Game Ruff Orpington. Brown Leghorn Golden Wyandotte. Eggs all one price, viz t-2. 6d per sitting toall who fetch them ; 3s if packed in box and put on rail. Open every day except Sunday. No business done on Sundays.— HENRY DRAPF.R, ttather's Farm, Lowton St. Iddrr's. near Pewton-le- Wows.

OUR TWELVE GUINEA "PR EN! lER " C YCLES WITH FREE WHEELS AND BACK PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. bOLE AGENT. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS. •

COVENTRY CRO'SS CYCLE i £lO los. £l5 15s. AND £lB 18s. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHAM T. BOOTH CYCLE DEPOT ST. HELENS A. 11. sutra, 3, COEPORATIO N STREET. WIDNES W. HOUGHTON, ST. MICHAELS TERRACE, DITTON. EARLESTOWN F. BOLT WARGIRAVE-ROAD LYMM H. COPELAND. CYCLE DEPOT. LIVERPOOL HITCHINGS LTD. 74. BOLD-ST mANChESTER DEPOT 134. DBANSGATB. _ CYCLES, CYCLES. A LARGE SELECTION OF SECOND-HAND BICYCLES TO ItE FOLD. • ROVERS FROM £3. BOTHWELLS £5. 8.5. A., almost new £0 10s. CALL AND INSPECT SAME. CHURCHILL'S CROSS LANE. SABLES TOWN.

TRICSIPH CYCLES £lO 10s. 0.. AN. £l5 15S. On SOLE DISTRICT AGENTh HITCHINGS LIMITED, 74 SOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

CYCLES I CYCLES 2 l— Immense Bargains. Free Mus- trated List containing 1.500 New and Second-Hand Machines from 30s. to £5. Marvellous B rgains in 1901 Machines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1991 Make. from £2 17s. 6d. Single Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at half usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.— WAIIBILOW & Co.. Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLES CYCLES CYCIES 1901 Model ; all latest improvements ; beautifully enamelled and plated ; rim brake ; roller chain ; best double-tube tyres ; guaranteed 12 months, EG 15a; send for cstalogne, post free, TIE,. ECLECTIC CYCLE ENGINEERING 00, 108, Tudor-street, Birmingham.

fl' RES 1 TYRES!! TYRES ! ! ! DETACHABLE DION-SLIPFING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beat cover in the trade ; I.ls 6d each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered with beet rubber 'le each. All kinds of cycle rubber Roods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for Waste rubber. POLLARD Sz: CO.. LTD., INDLARUBBER MANUFACTURERS. 20, LOW HILL, LIVERPOOL.

13LADE AND Co'., CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD RENOWNED MAKES: PREMIER. SINGER. GLORIA, R. Awn P., MOHAWIE, JAMES. AND GLOBE CYCLICs. Price Lid free on application. Repairs and Sundries. Free Wheels fitted. Cycles ors hire Telephone 7094.

Maranon.

Dliii.WING and PAINTING, out door Sketching, Still-life elementary brushwork Ac.--Ildnis Ca ISXRT'Iii CLASVES. are now open, 5, Friars Green, Warrington.

mR. TOM BOoTHROYD, Pr tfessor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO. AND IiUITAR, bpecialist in Stringed Instruments, 9, raUlsZ-StltliST, WAlittlitGlON.

MR. C. II DAWSON, PRJFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepdros students for examination in Planoforte,Organ, Theory and *rmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. hooms over emitia's eiauoforte Warehouse, bEi, AIMET-STREET, Earlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET. Warrington.

NII 8 BER A. 14 U.M., i 8 prepared to receive PUPIL* for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils residenee.or on Mondays at Mr Wadeworth's Music hoom, Sankey-street. Terms. &c. on application to 33, WHITFFIELD-BOID, Stockton Heath.

dittarbuterp, etc. - -- ABOUT 60 Good WOOD-WORKING MACHINES. an kinds ; low prices.-O,IIXENWOOD.S. 45, Molesworth, street, Rochdale.

A SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS. 11 new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Gutting from bin to 121 n. Oe ntres bft to 2Uft, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 2ft square to 121 t by 4ft square. Drillisag eadial and Vertical, Slotting. Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines. Hollers, Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PASTINGTON, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford

PATENT OFFICE. Betablielac.d 1864. JOHN G. W ILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET 6fito ET, MANCHESTER. HAW 1900, HANDBOOK (.5 BATH.

pATENT OF FlO 11 MANCHESTER HOTABLISHED IA 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIIso & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein oonneotion with this Estabiisb- ment and possess practical knowledge of the cotton,woolien and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law, price I3d. " Colonial and Foreign Pateat Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.14., & SON. P.1.P.A., M.B.A. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

£5. .27, £lO, £2O £3O. £5O, £lOO. iXDVAINCE MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- . MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders on their own salinity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRRELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF TEE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN It. GOODwIN. N.B.—Established at this address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MtrRSEI z!TREET WARRINGTON. THE ABovE COMPANY 18 PREPALKO TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkaepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WhSKEX MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALIdENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSW RTH. DISTRIta MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

TiLIE CITY LOAN COMPANY. I. MILL-STEEET.MARKeI-PLACH, WAREING-TON. CASH ADVANCES made daily from £3 to £5OO, to Male 3r Female Housaholdeta. Stopke•mers, Farmers and others, In town or country. Cl:urges moderate. Easy repayments, as follows : £3 0 0 (Interest included) Sepayable...2s 03 weekly £5 0 0 Do. Do. ...2s 6d weekly £lO 0 0 Do. Do. ...5s lid weekly £l5 0 0 Do. Do. ...7s 6d weekly Special terms for larger amounts. W. RIMARK, Manager.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From 210 upwards-30d payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. • NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has bee o established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner. and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS UP APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO 'IRE iiRAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-sTREET, MANCHESTER.

EXPIRATION OF LEA.SE. REMOVING TO DUANSGATE. LEECH BROS. & CO., After 30 YBARte TRADING are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH. IsAR6IAINS. Gas Fittings, Ac. 3 25 pa. dis. Clocks. Bronze*. &a Marble Mantelpieces 2O Grates, Ranges sui,ders' and FurnisAug Ironmongery lO Horticultural Implements, Gar en Seats, Rollers, Mowing Machines, 20 & 22, OLD AIIILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

KENDAL, mILNE & cu., MANCHESTER. LETTER I HAVE CARSF. L AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS f A .ThNTION. KENDAL, MILNE, A (JO., MANCHESTER. WIII2SUNTIDJj 110LIDAYS. 1901. KENDAL, MILNE, & CO. ANNOUNCE THE FOLLOWING kREANGSMENTS FOR WHIT-W hitlC. MONDAY. MAY 2/. CLO ED ALL DAY. TUESDAY. ~ 28. BuoINESS AS UJUAL. WEDNESDAY, „ 29 THURSDAY, .0 USE AT 12 O'CLOCK. FRIDAY ~ 31. SATURDAY, June 1. } 01.0,ED ALL DAY. WHEN CLOSED AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT (JOE AIUNICATO 'NTS WILL BE ATTENDk D TO AT I Ba, ST. JOHN-SIIBILe C, DRANotiATE. Telegrams. "Kenmil " Telephone 1,746.

THE EXAMINEk-. MAY 241 h, 1901.

WE PUT THIS RECAITSE YoU'LL SEE IT AND TO RH:StI.ND TOti THAT FOR GOOD B JON FO S EVsittYBOOY. In all the latest Styles a .d at the ))wet Prices, ALF FAYLOE, CNN T DE BEATEN. 45, HORSIrda.hKiCT StligHT, WttIiRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOwNIMAN.

2/6 PER INIPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCEI AND ItCl,ll WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER quAnT. 1/8 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULFON _BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations).

WHICH. IS THE BEST CYCLE? vant THE RALEIGH OFACOURSII FROM W. El• BELLIAN, MAR.'S]; OF TSB 'RoYAr, WAND:IRIAN. 115 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MEN'S & BOYS' BOATERS. • . . • - • 1;744 PLAIN anil FANCY BANDS. A VERY CHOICE ASSORTMENT. • CHILDREN'S STRAWS WITH CREAM, or NAVY BANDS. ' 1111417.04 I-4 SEE OUR I/11 HATS. 'l3 44. THEY ARE SPLENDID VALUE. 41111 S UNtWORTH BROTHERS 7, LYME z,TREET, WARRINGTON.

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY I 0, PAYMENTS 7 Enormous Stook. New a _44F*O. nd second.band. From , 'N.& ..7==,.,,.,• ri- 1 r paid. Illustrated PRIO toR i il LISIS POST VIBE !. ...... . • _- any address. THE 13HITISII CYCLE MANUFACTURIPC Co, (1901) Ltd , 43, Everten Rd. I-, erpoc-. French 23 Manchester St. Liverpool. (Established i 837.)

- CLEANSES TONE S H LIVER taisi!fl • -4+.4oetv4Atts ' d- ' CURES- CONSTIPATION DYSPEPSIA " Fer years I suffered from Indigestion and Wind Spans. Seigers Syrup restored my appetite. increased my strength, and cured both Wind Spasms and Indigestion,"—" Signed) MRS. k OSTER,I, Zobra-street, Lteitet,t road. Salford, Manchester, August 10th 1930.

schools, and taese, when c.nnolsted. will give accommodation for aoout 200 ad litional children. This is but a small matter in comparison with what will be required in Warrington within the next few years if a school board is to be averted With the exception of the schools in Town IHall Ward, which are in the centre of the town, all the schools are filled to ov3rfl wing, and scholars are coos' antly tiing refused a linission. The Church of England school managers have th • matter under consideration, and at a meeting held at the latter part of last year, a small commit, er was appointed to consider the cpies(ion, coilec information, and present a scheme to a joint meet- ing. Ihe committee consists of the Rev Morley Stev,nson, Rev Canon Willis, Rev E 11 Tarbuck, Mr J D Buckton, Mr CS Burgess, Mr A J Joley. It has been suggesled that it is desirable for the Committee to present a whole scheme, which will meet. the demands of Warrington for the next ten years. Such a scheme, it is thought, will involve an expenditure of over .ElO,OOO, and it is believed that a general appeal will have a better chance of success ihan if separate appeals are issued ler the parishes effected. The scheme under considera- tion inclu les an enlaroement of St Ann's School (alluded to in Mr Phelps' letter), a new school in St Peter's Parish for boys and girls; classrooms added to All Saints Mission room to form new schools ; a new inlauts school adjoin- ing St James scool, Latchlord ; a cla,sroom added to St Barnahas' School, and I urther accom mod ation in the Fairfield district. Ibis extensive scheme La,- not yet been laid before the pubic, but it is neces- sary that immediate steps should be taken if War rington wishes to be free from a School Board.

, There's nothing better than Starch for starching. You can't add anything to it that will really improve it. If it's good starch, pure starch, all the chemicals in the world won t make it better. Clothes last longer, retain their stiffness better, keep a whiter colour, when pure starch is used And Colman's Starch is an absolutely pure starch. 0 0 • A N STARCH Sold in x-lb., -lb., 3.1 -lb. and id. Boxes. See that Colman's name and the • Bull'3 Head are on the box.

'DOH SALE CHEAP, 8 Hone Power Vertical ENGINE 1 newly done up in all parte, equal to new all complete. P, WARING am) Co. Engineers ,Thomaa-street, Sheffield. - THE ANGLO AMERICA. At DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), 721 PRINCES ROAD. CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST LASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. OSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS PEER.

BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. L LIE'S WATCEIES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL BAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELLIE has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest Dosiibta honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

To WLE'S CH LORODYNE Renowned or COUGHS T E'S C OWL EILORODYNE Consumption. BROBOHITISs row LE'S CHLORODYNE Asthma. NFLUENZA. 1. ,v, 0 WLE'S CHLOE ODYNE D 1 SAPArci A . s TOWLES CHLORODYNE 4 dose for 22' ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAIER NO ()TUBE.

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS ! ! FOR VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARKEY AND MORRISON, GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALOGUES FREE BY POST. ALL REDS CARRIAGE PAID.

YOU ARE BEHIND THE TIMES IF YOU DoNT KNOW TriAT PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, HAVN BY PAR THE BEST AND LARGNST SELECTION OF BEDROOM. DRAWING, AND DININO- ROOM AND KITCHEN FURNITURE IN THE DISTRICT, INSPECTION CORDIALLY INVITED. 12 AND 14, WINWICK-STREEL vv ARRINGruN.

vr-^4l JOHN JO I A.YSON. ME POPULAR JEWELLER. lIORS IA.R.K ET- S CNN.; ET, WA.R RI N GTOI4 I'S NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs in GOLD AND SILVER " . JEW ELL ERY, PLATE, for the present season.

HAERDP BRIX% AND COMPANY' PEWTRURS AND Cc)3IPLETE BAR FITTENS. PATENT DEIPLESS BEEB-PUMPS AND SPIRIT IAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. MINS, TABLES. COUNTESS AND bEATINti• 22 BEIDOR-SOIIIHT MANCHESTER. eef Telephone 2887. Lista WANTED AGENTS, either whole or spare time, Investment Company, salary and cornmis3ion sble rnen.—Apply any evening !ter 7 0.:10,7k1 'l3} idusSm-etrett, nvp otringt4a,

1 SFERINE RESTORES A WORN MT NERVOUS SYSTEM TO HEALTHY VIGOLM.

Proprietors, ASHTON and PARSONS, Ltd., 17, Farringdon Road, London, E.C. Bottles, IRA, 2/9, and 4/6. Post free, 1/3, 3/-, and 4/9. Sold by all Chemists, Stores, &c. The 2/9 size contains nearly four times the size.

POSTAL I.FORHATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be po.t ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 1 a.m. —Newton-le-Willows '-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a m —Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Dillon. Penketh Presion Brook. Frodsham, ilelsby. Daresbury.and Moore am.—Lymn, rheiwall. qe.vetwch a.m. —Bowsey, Grappenhall. Heatlsy Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, ntretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10 0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 e. 111.— larrthester. Bolton, Oldham. Macclesfield. Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. .30 a m.—London, Southern an I South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and it. Helens 10,0 a.m. —Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, ait I the Isle Ma ii.m.—alanchester, Bolton, Oldham. North 'Vale i and Ireland. a m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England. Wigan. cotland, Liverpool, Prescot. Southport, Birkenhea,i, Ormskirk. St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Itunc,rn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Clhester, Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ornskirk, Bath, Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth. Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire, and Scotland 3 0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. Preston Brook, Stilton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwi,do and Sandbach 2.45 p.m. —Frodsham, Frodsharn Bridge, Helsby, Whines Penketh, Moore, Ituncorn, and Newchurch. Newton-le Willows, Manchester pin -Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge. Latchford. Padgate and Bewsey EA IILESIOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ..• ••• tifich-st„ Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Ho ire of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1 Sundays 7tolo a in. Box closes at 5.4 p.m. Cho Teleitraph Office is open on Week-lays from 7-30 a.m. to 81.. is ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m. 12-30, LIST OF DESPATCHES wing theffime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary MAILS, I Extra Postage. :id. Stain p _

PROP3SED NEW THEATRE FOR WARRINGTON. An Important Scheme. We have good ground, for st.ting that negotiations are in progress for acq•airing fr the Warrington Cor- poration the Feathers Hotel (now in course of erection in Bridge-street), and the land adjoining (including that in the rear) for the purpose of erecting a first class heatre. The scheme Is still in emfirvo, and no definite information can be obtained, hut we understand that the promoters are a London company prominently con- nected with tie dramatic or )fession and their desire is t , provide Warrington with a theatre which shall be •qual in appointment and reputation to any existing theatre in the adjoining cities of Manchest!r and Liver- pool. We learn that the erection of the hotel will be proceeded with, and accommodation will be provided to meet the requirements of 1113 various drat class com- panies widen will perform at the theatre. The adjoin- ing land will be the site for the proposed theatre, which we understand, will oost something like £30,000.

Q) • 11 P 1 NT BOTTLES • • • COLOR LESS • FRAGRANT NON POISONOUS ALSO POWDER ,SOAPS, EMBROCATION, &cf.

_ MERRY WEATHER'S .---q '''' --"-------H IGI4----- - CLASS CARDEN HOSE 63 LONG ACRE,LONDON. LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH GLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD.

Ashton-in-Makerlield,Rariestown, Oro!borne. Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Bl ickpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Ruxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool North Wales,Preston,St.lietens, Southport. and S „di Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Rarlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldbam, Stockport, And all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. AU Parts—General Night Mail. RECF.IvING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND W ALL Boa. IRE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS: • WEEK-Mrs. 10-15 a.m., 12-20 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Dalesa lc oaderful wsterproofer o 13 f 03TS 8: HAENEiS. Sof ' tdas and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. lug with blacking. . GOLD M.DAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST 0 • • . Tins zd. r 6. 4"146:D5. uin zak.,..,5,....,ad1ip5,..,f,,,,,t0/7,..1:5:

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that dischas go or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering ON death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dn. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had m dieal advice and been toldyour case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no season I should. Send al. once a Postal Order for Is. gd. to R. W. ALBERT, 73: Pel rringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain H remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, ousemaid's Knee,, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Bands. awl) 'unions, ;RegisteredCopyright.i

DR. DE. 'ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Ace witty eek-brated all over tho world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains In the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum .tiszo Weakness across the Loins, sandy or other Deposits, Btone In the Bladder, Discharges. and L./messes of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many eronotalnts, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain Impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bsars the Government stamp, wi.h the words, .O.IIkLTER Dl A ROO -3, LOgDON." thereon' by order of her Majesty's tfon. Coovniesionars. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 94. Si, all Medicine Ho ises. or pa.r, fres from Proprietors Wilford House, Holford-square, London • W.C.

1 Eliat::' 98 GOLD /to rEail JEI7LLL_I et y 4 w. ,_ ,h,s • L id raw iiii 0 ) ) „iiiiijor& frdr". Gold & Pearl Lace Pin, 10/- Fine Gold Chain Bracelet, .E 3 3s. ~ SELECTIONS , „ • -,..._.." Fine Gold Brooch, 21/- Fine Gold & Pearls, 37/- LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD, • ,•rilgs,lz --„, .1 1„, t ,1,1,1 , , ~, ---F-Lym Irm, NI4?--,:,,1ir - ...1.-;-- --: °j , P . i. r• - Brilliants and Ruby Pearls, 25/-• Brilliant, £lO Pearls & Rubies, 28/- Brilliants, £l2 108. or Sanphires, £9 BENSONS - . 4! • "..-;::,!‘47iff3:l',, , I r,i CLOCKS, M r arble, Omolu, Wood., etc., titt,,, .12.4 ~f,.... .„..,.,,..,.. A • • .ir.....\..,,:t.. ..-,. . . . for LINING DRAWING ROOM LIBRARY or HALL i I,*. '.:'.,..A.' ,'l,-T.-' , £2 to £lOO. ..--"P- ' , 4 is ,17 .'„.-•.- - Cocks for Church•s. Factories, or Public Pfl:'• 8 • 4-... T • is.z.— ..,,P.L ;.- -#::,r, Estimates for Buildings, free of charge. 4 I. ' l7—t t L a \- An inspection of the New Clock il• ~: . ',‘', ~ .c. 5. 5' 'ip c,, 1 , 0 isi ors 0 on 011• Show Rooms is specially invited. ..",t.N.:,,,:),, 1;. 4 ".. ' 3:!,;.'`:,i ........„.„" ;;•: .7119 I_l,, .74,,,„,„,,,,, ,( ..iii , , 4:. 11./v 17-alpeallrEsSoratllhde iwEoWriEdLieLrEcßasYhSoEr FN.To.FoR., pEtiEynatt lOatlart rGi.Spk.ot O. UW • '''"lo 04 ~,, 4 , ," ,;;;,,514,0 ,11, . OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN k.„.'llghtizi',o,:il,lllv,oli,li'l;.iPl. ).1, IN EXCHANGE. k . ,:,,,z0i1.4.;., 7 !,1041,,,qirili!;. ',lr ' ' 1111 ENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from - -;••'...•'•••.', .'",...44:ii0UA'('..',0'...; .IUP £2 to £OOO. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT t .''' i5:raz''...4••;,•,••'(•r••:11,,,,•[;:l A, ~ •44 l'''') ...k, RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE" ~ ~_ , • whith:l4llt'•6'' ''''' - '''' and CUTLERY, I'ost Free. .._. ~,„:...tte,,....,/•*••••• .' :VIT'.: j .4i7444:.: .. ~:w...,..4Pi11,,, 7 I i---4 Al' '•-•.i.'" '''' ,t-,..,,-.014, ~,,.. IN. BENSON, Ltd ~..„..L,T.,. 2,,,..,,,„,,_,,,,,,,, : -,,,,. 3 ey The Steam Factory, ----€o'32 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. Mahogany Brass Striking Clock, 9 NOTE• 0 r der System t em&o Pf Purchase,nrt ienlar Post s of .

Of! . "1111E1 ~ gallgiristilllilliral 1111 -89 4- '---)P 7.9 611 oni,....init AP 'I ro 111 „ itcolilillitlii Pti.-"%-t ' 04,, r 11111 int zgii i, ( I soil! 111 ill gi ( , ..tillis *1 101 II ill I' A ...) I 4.) till kl riti ii 1 111111 11111 1 ill lill 1 '4llll 111111 ill 111 Idol I I, 111111± 1 P 1 ' ' at 1 iilolll 1 11:1111!! lil I". 1 1 ! 1111110-li The "PALMER "is the fastest. 1 1 $111%,' lit 1 Ili. The " PALMER "is the most resilient. I 4 roil j I 1 The "PALMER" is the easiest to detach. ON PALMER HOLLOW RIM. ' t 1111 11l . #Ask'your Agent what he thinks of it, ' indl . II Ask the British Public. Ask your Neighbours. Their replies will convince you. go- The PALMER TYRE MANUAL., containing 1 Key Map and 11 Sectional Road Maps of the United Kingdom, free to all applicants to Palmer Tyre, Ltd., Dept. N 0.39 Birmingham. Ni. • 4

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple fowl. Take some good Compound such a:. , ‘ -- COCKL4S 5 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find l that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, btr COCKLE'S. PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.--Observer. C 1 CKLEs ~,,,,,, FREE FROM MERCURY ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. _,

CRICKET BATS " WICKETS Slogger' 6 lain) 35 73 Ash 1 KolY:"ki7l6" 76 , em 4 "Suggcess" 12/6 (p Ash Ferruled 30 Ash Solid Tops 5- Ash Revolving 619 1,1916, Iron Shod, 9d.set ertra tI r 111! Lancs, Witch. 176 'll (Patent) BALLS _ I BOunderie, 21,, en:lllms° ?I, ..w. suggcees 3,6, 01, Klynker 46 5, BATTING GLOVES witch O. LEG GUMS 11.\\ WICKET-KEEPING (4),V,V.76,881111p32;1:_,. GLOVES Semi-Skeleton. 5f3, 6'9 3 6. 416, 5 6, nn, 8 6.10 6 • 7,6, 8 9, 10 6. per pat% • \ . CRICKET SKIRTS Skeletnu* 8 6 Per Pair. I lit III) CRICKET Boug C,i' i'E . CRICKET BAGS Brown Leather. 6 6,7/6. 1,016. ‘'...e. 4/6, 6/6, 7/6. 10/6. 126. Whits Buck, 9,6 12,6, 161,6. 22/6, 27/6. FRANK , Su G G ,ou . LORD ST FRiE , LIVCRPt-I°L

00 beverage.o. ° clo 000 o o oAo ot hoocr o• u•g•hol yo oroe loi aobol e o 0 used in the household, field, or 8 (Do camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 8 o Coffee Essence. In small and large • bottles from all Grocers. , t • ia (io i • •

THE NEW FRENCH RUMMY. T ER A pirlm This successful and highly Va.\ popular remedy, as em- ploy .d in the Continental Hospitals b 3 Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpean. ad others, suraasses everything hlthertoemployed for impurity of the bhod. spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the pints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges piles gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism. gout. sleeplessness, nervous and physmat exhaus- tin. etc Therapion is prepared in three differedt forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to 415e6ses for which intended. Fun particulars scud stamped addressal envelope for psynphlet to MR. R. 3010130 X, 43, HuLN3RD-BQUACIE. LONDOA W.O

lowtre fill PENNYROYAL Ls & STEEL rii. I FOR FEMALES. qpIMELY connEcT JILL nuusuIILLRITIES, nEmovo eLr. own:notions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l4la& 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on re,•eipt 045 or 84 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE &Co., • Alanufacturets, Dryden Si., Nottingham. Ifrotar, of rmitatimit. injurious and trortMete

IPEtCNIVICATE A Healthy and Natural Development of the figure by wearing the • • p\ = PATENT • \ SIDE-SPRING pCORsET Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled fn Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, gine no undue p tes,ute, but yiel,l to tne movement: of the body, and tile aide inuiports are unbreakable. Modelled in different shape 4 to It various tile., of fig.., they yield a Lau3t grAcetul and rounded appeitrance. Prices, 3 11, 5/6, 611 and 10/6. Obtainable frnm the prinripal Drapers and Ladies' Ontfiilers, but if any dinieulty 111 ttroottring. write tor Lune Of zwarent agent. Insist On Aa'"ini"Me 7.8. Co,set—The Best IMPORTANT:—The wear of every J. B. corset Is absolutely guaranteed by the— SOLE IitAItUFACTURER Jr. s.BIG /KIEL . • • . - • GREAT ANGOATS ST., MANCHESTER;

MANLY METV Why snifer,from 'pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Brthaustion. and Wasting' Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows hlw every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STONIACH MNDICII NB or ErACOTRIOTTY Specimens of letters receined, ovarmtred genui ' I cannot find words to express ow u a am. I used to think I never would gee coral I wish I had seen your advertisement' at Ere% I should have saved many pounds F 54." • I nave carrl I out your Instructions, and am now per fectly well.-3 Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. 3 LEIGH. 92 and 93, ,l-reat Russell Street. Londors, W.C. Send Kt °net+ and be Cured 12 Years Continuous Soon

CYOLVC 9 ! IMMENRE EIARGI TIM Free Illustrited nit. 1.500 New and Second- ?, _ band Machines. 3014 to £5. 50) New mr4r( vtaohirsee. 19)1 make, from £2 .7s. 61. sjglgachine at whodsale prices. Ac c •Fisories. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—WahanoW Weston-super- 'dare

• e P Cycling, Running, and all Sporting Requisites ...,,..,e obtained of 0 G E9 G A , • ~. .., .. . ~..,-..,,.. . m 1 . .7„... ..2., 1- :.• 2l HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C. THE CHEAPEST, BEST, AND MOST LIBERAL HOUSE IN THE TRADE. Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue. Prompt attention given to all Country Girders. Orders over 10s. Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). - r TENNIS BALLS. .z:.• 41."." TENNIS RACKETS. The" cannit.ie." the Best Ball in the ..U'il.T . Market ; regulation size and weight . ''' \ , . .1 _ .4431 •i 1.1.,1' &Trees "Champion ".. „Per'irz. at !. , Slazenger's' Cliamrion " - , 1016 7 441. i Tbe "Referee The E. D. Black Tennis Racket, and ~ • guaranteed, 20/9 flamage's Poles and Nets complete • • gom ....,, Cedar Handle. fultalre. 3/11 i The Fish Tail.. 516 7-Ti-- The Gamage "Champion." 69; The "Referee" 91- BATTING GLOVES. 0 - The " Rol born," close strong .. .. .. - 11/6 White Leather' G ; men' ~.. Rubber, - , The "Demon" (Slatangersi ... .• .. - 11.10 . youth,,•, 3ja —-- - BATS. GAUNTLETS. . • i.: Thlt-Cane Handle„size 4, 2/6 i'stite &lint size 6 36 . fl tlileCNlTl'l-Viti:e,seni's3!6. ; size.. 4' 413.. ' 4!•11/11, 4q16 Chamoisob IfrottlirareZemn'esntil,i, °,,u0t.%,,. :: :: :73 Superior All-Cane, Men's.. .. • • ... 96. 116 -- Gainage's Yorkshire " Driver," wananted.. ..1418 CRICKET SHIRTS. • - Gamage's specially selected 'Referee:guaranteed 106 --- Nr; ' . - The "Gamage " Patent Doable Spliced Bat ~ 29/5An Wool White Flannel,- i CRICKET BALLS. 3111, 4111, 641 ' The Cluh nil Shirt. Whit,•,•• f i damage'f..4 Australian, Catgut sewn .. .. • • itt• ° M ..6 Pink, ne 2& 6 , Gainage's "Referee' 3-seam Match .. .. •. 46 , . Fine White Matalasse• •41 , • I Gramare's "Club" Match Ball. 3 seams - • • 316 ~ ti ' - Composition Balls, Youths', Ted. ; match, 51oz. 9d. .. ..„.. FLANNEL gerP , "Eclipse," match size, 16. Postage 3d. TROUSERV. it •,11 LEG GUARDS. ~ ,l Plain White, 5/11, 611, ' ti 30,001., ,li?,, fultlitin :insitizrrcdl:: ;oonattltlss:: Istriv; mm:11:: :: .... 517 L....................d Grey Phi inailArlig:4lll2. 1 , STUMPS. 'cll. 611, 9,1..., Poi",bed Ash, youths' 26 in., 16 ; 26 in. 11111 UMPIRE COATS. Super Brax•Eerrules,26in.,243; 2s in., 29 ; men's 3- White Duck, all sizes. e,ii: super quality . - 1011 Supergßur:l7 Tops, SteelSh..oea, y..outh.s,,Vizen's4. /11 69916 TENNIS OR CRICKET JACKETS. • Ditto. ditto,YwAße";-olving Topa • • .. .. /111 Plain Colours, C ,rded Edges • • • • • • 3111, 6.e. ,7. special Cido Colours, in Stripes, Dyed to Order. Estimates Free. _ . '... • . -V--4,,-.- 01. * i': 74': ; ' ii ' in' CRICKET OR TENNIS Brun I' . ~,„,,---9.4---,- IiET Elastic Web, Plain Colos and Stripes, 61 and 10jd. yg ~...7"..f./.llli -''',_,- •-----71,1 ''.;,,, ...71, CRICKET BOOTS ANC ~-,j. i;;:',0 ,- - =------L.--I i 7 -. . •-:h , ' - \ ,0 • t. TENNIS SI-10ES. 1p f__- , ~ ','--_,,,..!..•;,,',,V, '_ __ ..c.---: - 3A. r/ , :=7? ....j..7 1/4, -1...kE.,kT:,,,,;.ri;;;7,;..,.;./.-....,„„ /316. 31.- 1 'Alzr:-li--_—_.:.—_—__,........—__.,__, - 7- _ , ----t \A . ,_ "Referee" Tennis Shoe. Tan Calf or White Buckskin- - _ S.. 1216. 146, 166 ...: NETS. !Irk Brown or White Canvas S.lioes,,,wit with Back Nets _.• .. • • • • • • complete from 8.3 Plain or corzugated Rubber Soles, Double Wing Nets • • • • • • • - „ 179 The Count Y Council Herniation Net /wit h Ror,i) ~ 35;- frotu 26 ..-..•••••—•-..-. A. W. GAMAGE, Ltd., Holborn, London, E.C.

HOLLOWAY'S CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY: &Cs. • a IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Spzsalms, ELTaints, Scales, arta EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. liteufactured only at IS, New Oxford Street. London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vender&

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. 135 E C HAMS F'ILLS FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick ileadashe. Constipatlcn, Wind 9

BRITAIN'S BEST BICYCLE. I. eiltAllelee._ 40;$ trill V*9. • t/*- °•llit % • c .4,. . (3 DEPOTS : * -fp, EVERY IN ALL • 3 II 0 MACHLYS T I FULLY 111114 •la 1 AWNS. GUARANTEED it 81/ 1, AN„,.............."4„,e s'ir 4PC-- • sip; 0 t'• K. -teltesocoutfir" { 10 Guineas Cash STANDARDS - ... - °a 1 Guinea per Month IN 13 INSTALMENTS. 15 Guineas Cash SPECIALS - - - -j OR 134 Guineas per Month IN 19 INSTALMENTS. Catalogme and full information post free on application to— RUP-(117.-wMTWOR IH, Ltd. head Office, COVENTRY. LOCAL ACECIES :—Warrington Syndicate Ltd., 79 Bridge St., Warrington J. & S Churchill & Co., Cross Lau, Earlestown. R. Tebbutt Victoria Rd. Widnes J. S. MolEiVi& Co., 51 Duke St., St Helens Rudge Whitworth Ltd., ..ci Bold St . Liverpoel

r10•04160.4.04111110,046•6.421AC*110) Breakfast is often spoiled by i ithe poorness of the. Coffee. It • can be made any sirength by using gl. 1 SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee 0 0 Essence. 7- 0 / / • troooo.e.oee.c.e.oooc.ooo.ooo

_______________ I KEATINC'c'4, , POWDER • • .:A. ~k,y0:,,,,,,,,..,.,:-, 1 , 30,4::-.- 0 -,4F-Yta•-i2,..r.; . rtEAS DUGS. MOTft ' TEETLE's• 1 TINS, 3d, 6d., and is. THE NEW BELLOWS, 9d.

• Di 1/4. ffLT FrAn the 111,,4 0/ fhttertne Ate et../..• rt hi e ettrexl PERM kNENTIN tbr e'en" writ cure e Itileper when eret7 other refvfly had felled. Pries 43. I. gad 11g. Pagt Fria. Thought,. ef Testononlels. it Inr a Pr., Swap«, itt4te, and tat it. Write to--ffterertmer 1 W. NI Teni-i0X.r.... Pharmainuftesi Obar,lort. vs, Etoti.pc

lit WATCH & CHAIN FOR ON! DAY'S WORN . Bow and Girls con get a "MILKY 1,• PLATED WATCH, Also . CHAIN and ;- r• CHAIN for selling le dozen packages of .'. EA' Ill.illNE at Plrepence each. Send e jou ~,,- . by reter'nUrn'adil, Ana treth6w"L'Arnicarcl or l7lurintYs: ''''..... peat paid, And a Large premium hit. no money_ required. BL INE Co. Dgiportrroadt Fit 241, ofr.7 Road. Woat Norwood. awnaoo. ILL

SUFFERING PEOPLE CURED. OF INDIGESTION. HEARP WEAKNESS. WIND ;AN rim STOMACH. ANAEMIA. PO OE APPETITE. SLR PLEiSNESS. FULNESS AF PER EATING. HE ADAUHES. C I RONIC CONSTIPAPION. MI, Mill -IS BACKACHE IMPURE BLOOD. KIDNEY TROUBLE. FasSALE WEAKNESS. BY VRNO'S SEAWEED 1 GSM A genuine bank cheq in value 2 • 6i accompanies each 2s 9d bottle. If 1.7,11 S.s.weed Tonic faiis to cure 2s 6 will be paid b telt on each trittle without Nis or bother. The pr,priiiitors are so thoroughly convinced that Veno's Seaweed Tmic is the in ist successful tnedi- eine ever placed on the market that they are willing to stand by the result. THEY WOULD NO t' GUARANTEE TO RETURN YOUR iiIONEY IF THEY WERE NOT ABSOLUTELY CONFIDENT. It means a curs or no pay, an I remember, we do not use the words, relieved. °swilled, or satisfied, but strictly tbe word "cure." A. three months treatment with Vean's Seaweed tonic will produce a permanent lasting cure. It does not act upon the above named symptoms, but directly upon the causes which produce them. viz :—the Q 1 OTOSIACEI. LIVER, KIDNEYS & BLOOD. It is skilfully micla to act uj, these four great vital organs; when thee are healthy the above ss mptoms disappear. fh;s is the k-y to the success of Venn's Se-i- -w•ed T mic. posse-se i marvellous tonic and strength stung piwer. those who take it ca-not help but notice the vast improvern-nt which t.,11 s place in their health almost immediately. If in d iurn, try a small b.:ittlo at is 1-4 ; you will be deligh ed with the result. V ENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH X....AMU stops an ordinary cough in one nil.ht and cures chronic cough., bronchitis, astbms, kfluenza, and whooping cough rapidly. Its vast sup-rtority over the ordinary Cough mixtures, and the different emulsions cannot be 'iodinated. I: has saved thousands of lives after they have been turned out of hospitals. It is a new scientific remedy, endorsed and recommende.l by Medical Men. cau LION : When you ask for Vano's remedies gee u get th•-m avoid the hop where they try to sell you cheap inucure of their own, or palm off a substitute, they will chest sou in other things. SOLD EY 800 rs. Lvtll f ED, Warrington; PEAKE. E•oneown aid N .wton ; WES lON AND CO‘IPANY. Runcorn; WALLRRIDGE. chemist; JACKSON, chemist and drugenr. S, He •tna, and all chernt+ts

ELtCVtIO LIGEI LING Br H. 'NORD(' AND ILJOMPANY. 7:?, SsNIi!"..Y ST RE RT. WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC! LIGHTING A PICt&LITZ BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIII2 ATES GIVEN. R RINWICK 21. 131JTTBEHARKET-s3TRBRT wAnataciToN, HAS NE-OPENED AND WIGS TO TO ANIC THE Pußric Vfl,? P V VFW,'

SAVE A LIFO AND SEND Is. P.O. ANTI-ARSENICAL PILL?, CAWLMA CO" SHEFFIELD. _ _ THE GREAT REMEDY. 13:CA .140 /1 GOUT IP' I IA ILL FOR UOUT. IttIiJONIATISNtI SCIA LOMS&GO, The exeredatlng Pain is Aulakly reliei ed. Stare, Sal; effective. All Chemists and Bt3lee at lr. lid. and ZS per box

1 : otofrwa.ris jeedriestoo.f.:bsarktrlit litnhi,intn.reorlL:bniii: 1 : a. Twr e1e.34 ,11:p8t A FREE GIFT r...., .. Examiner" applying at the otEies 0* the OE9 lz Of Load ni Line Art society, Victoria Avenue; td. Blehopegate. London, 80. ; or fh,y "Olt be -......— IS: PHRNHUrIif) ENTIRBLY ,PEEI4 OE L:: 0111-11%4WIAVBINtoale7ftenc; ECe7leirrrio; ti:llL;elVVß'strVti:gatollt: otil'engr'amilßp.4.lll:ll. IgpoUnL. Pr"4"B

ee CURES when all other Remedies fail, IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEYINC ALL PAIN ANUTHROSSINC!AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. t ttens and Removes all hard callosities on soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you vow never regret it. Boxes, 111. of all Chemists. EETHAN & SOH, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

FOR FI nST-CL ASS PnIVATS DENTIsTnY. TEETH. AtTrointmente Ltmeoeseary. but may be arrange& Aft ,FEETE. TEETh. eoneralte.tione free.. Bach patient informed b.- forehand the post work required TEETH. Rola and olher fallings at moderato tlhargre. TEETH. An MX., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. v Hatia.dion am 'Palette by the cid Of nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gen° Weekly. Eaors. of the ,!ate J. H. PARKINSON { DENTIST MN Eulut MOSLEY-STREET aelepbc..- 31u. IYEADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENA ......,t3EORGE-sTREET MONHAI , 30 am. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY. 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m WA nniNoroN SANKEY-STREET WI4DNE,:o ‘Y, 2 to 5. 31, BRIDGE-STREET TIIURSDAY, 2 to 5. 18, AITIAMARKET-sTnEET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

DEAI Wxrdoiv—May 13th. at Watien-rtroet, adomon Witsouage3 67 years. CRADWI' R—May 15112, at Danam-lane„ Martha Ellen Med' wick. aged 54 years. WINTER -May 15, at Lytsgoes-lane, 1-I(ttrietds Mater' aged 60 years. JONES -Mac lEth, at lintitsfonl•road. Fred Jones, nett 21 years. BEIBINGTON—May 22,td, at Marm etrtlt. Emma BebbilsC ton, aged 10 years.

FRIARS GRWM, Warrington 071 'Nita Arpley Station. Aiso at :late Gsstkitugh..•' S. T. NV AED AND Co MONUMENTAL SCUL7I'OES, MAItBLE MASONS, &co makers a .11 Wads ot tjbnniany news, neat& Tenths Tablets, POO., Polite Ilen,latonealaoraaltAt Marble;anddtono. Designs hild liatirnates Proe. L3TIRTI cum:ca. AND RXISTING MONW&LINI.i $ Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOTIN WiL a' CO, Ot The Exantimr General Printing Works. 80v.614 street, and pudl.heUlv thorn a Vte earns lolaCe also at the fAe gamine, Offleos,Vtotorta.reio,wine 32, fieerve•sireet arr. Hgan nd raet-etr,n BAPLIVTOWN. Ill(bet:btu/Ay of Leisonster and also at WV" It:Rotolo ,Lia Ma Oman, of Oheette a KAI :4 101
