===== 0002601_18950119_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
[MORRIS'S TOW AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Sce. V4CTS. MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only, Cure for NEURALGIA , TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS, CHEMIST, ALEXAN URA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

TELEPHONE 666.

IL "T Now.

SPRING FLOWERS EVR • von —13:2- GARDEN, TOWN OR COUNTRY.

114BPIOR OF HOLLAND. CARRIAGE FREE.

8 To„ -- nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the 4itta beat sorte. the best bulb 3, and cheaper than auction sales or direct import from so-called -rAcNowers in Holland. Rainbow mixture of brilliant --4,1 til'Aci-„rs, 10s. per 100. is. 6d. per dozen. ;li S.—Regal named sorts for pots and T(3., —"ea, 35., 4R., 68., 95., per dozen. 100 in 17 L.lpia"letkis for :178. 6d. or 21s. 76„Itainbow mixture of bzight colours for b —B, &c.. 43. and 65. per 100 Splendid named CROCes"l° 30. to 85. per 100. 'arge-fl3wered sorts only, exquisite colon re, for beds. rimns, is. 6d. to 3e. per tio,po,loo ;125. 6d. to 255. per 1000. splendid selection of the very best, 15rDote and borders; from 6d. per dozen and CILL 2s. 6d. per 100 see list. S 4 SIBERICA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf, brilliant blne • ite far beds, Bm., 3s. Per ShownTle,°o: 265.. r 10gcluis ,Anl):mone..,Ranunculus, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies'Fressias, Iris, 'to. - Particulars please consnit our Illustrated List, post free.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ILgttT

P. KER, AND SONS, BULB IMPORTERS AND GROWERS, t&SNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

11 POOR MAN'S FRIEND. SXIN DISEASE& THIS INVALUABLE SXIN niszAsEs. poalrNeritt3l.BNciT. L. Rooruilßniasil,ympz- SX/x DisEAs__. is f unfailinganevery ‘ieerriTtity. for seowrtuzzles. SIXEsi nisEAs:s6. ger.uptions, Burns, Intlamed Byes, SXIX DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' S DI sE ALTERATIVE PILLS, AsEs XIX . For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in the cure of 81filNi DISEAspot that torm of skin disease whidh "'• shows itself in painful cracks in Si DISEASES. the skin and scaly diseases. Sold at Is. lid, 2s . 9d., by the Pro- prietors, Bridport.and by Chemists

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS. 11/RS. SMITHERS, Grano-daughter of the Widow I..Vjl_ Welch, eentinues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and inc. easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION .—To be careful that v hat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers who is the only person in possession of the ORIGI- NAL RECIPE. The genuine are wr pped in Blue Paper, and signed in tne autsid,e label by Mrs. Bmithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS AND SON, 157, Queen Victoria-et," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Bold in boxes at 28.9 d. each, by most Chemists.

1/atelq.

W. P. &__W. SKELTON,

. _ LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STRERT, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS,

CYCLE AGENTS. GOLP CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS. WICKETS, BALLS. LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. Ac. WIRE NETTING. FENC (NG WIRE. BASSINE ITES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OP ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNE.S, TRAVELLING %BUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES.

JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HOBSEMARKRT ST., WARRINGTON.

FE,161; bUil IP; WATER AND LLOY D SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTI.LORISED AGENTS FOR TELE WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY.

FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame tor these Watches as THE BES IT I MEEE EPEP SIN THE WORLD. Tney are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by incitaticn. Price unrivalled.

Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance Li 15 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 4 4 0

29, CHIJRCH-BTREET, LIVERPOOL.

QUNNY BANK LADIES' COLLEGE, WILMSLOW, 1, 7 CHESHIRB. Term begins JiNUART 21. Principal, Mrs. LOBBN HOFFER. Pupil teacher wanted. Premium.

QOUTHPORT COLLEGE.—Vacancies for a few Boarders; home comforts ; terms moderate.— Principal, JAMES Orfu. MA. Cantab.

ir ADE ES' SCHOOL-THE BOUNDARY, 191, PADGATE-LAN H. 'WARRINGTON. MISS SA.NSUM will RR-OPRN MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Tit-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST MUSICAL PAPER.

THE MUSICAL HERALD. JANUARY, 1895. TWOPENCE.

Sir George Grove: Character Sketch by a Friend. Mow to Produce Tone. Composer's Department. Prize Competition : Results and Announcement. Loniion Board Schiiml Concerts. Sketches of Great Conductors : Parry, Birnby, Bandegger, Manna Jienschel, and Mackenzie, New Portraits Mr. Gorge Oakly, Mus.. 8., and Mr. L. Venables. A Musical Invasion from America. Echoes of the Month. Part Song: Of a' the Airts. Charles Jessop. School Sight Singing Test. By Mr. A. R. Gaul. Music Competitions in London. Birmingham, Isle of Man. Plucked at Dublin : Amusing Cartoon representing Pro- fessor Prout plucking Handel on account of his plagiarisms. Questions Answered. Sixty musical inquiries freely replied to. Subjeats : Pianoforte. Voice, Harmony, Church Music, Examinations, Organ, Chanting, Solo Singing, Musical Degrees, Choir Training.

PUBLISHING QIICEs 8 & 9, WARWICK-LANE.

LONDON, 11,C.

LA-DIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY a LADY DOCTOR. Free, two stamps. MADAME A. B. LILY, COIStOII-6t , Bristol. Invaluable information and: blessing to womankind.

VVILDDING KiNGIS.—PUKK QUIN GOLD 22-CARIT WEDDING RINGS, LargestStook and nest value in the town or district. Sold by weight from Is. 6d. to &Os. AU sizes and shapes, including the Round and Eialf-Round always in stock. A haudsome present given to Aach pnrchaaer. Finger size cards post free. R. AND A. RUSTANCR, Tug 11,LUMECATED CLOCIC, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.l3.—Strietly Private Room for ntting, EST4RTASUSILIS§4.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONB BAG (Cow 16s. LADIES DRESS BASICHTS ........... 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL, From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 415, DALE STREET, 12 LORD SWEET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18950119_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S lirdtßAL BMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efectual HOOPING COUGH. cure vlthout internal

"OOPD;G: COUGH

Of all Cb mists price HOOPING COUGIi 48. per battle. Sole Whole. sale Agents : W. EDWA.RDS BRONGHITIS AND art , 157, Queen Victoria street, London. CROUP

HERBAL EMBROCATION.

A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALR REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, *which during an extensive practice, both at home and In the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of oBSTRUCTION and IRREOULARIIIICS. Send achiressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money mueeless Pills and so IrAlled Remedies. loc.. which, ist the majority of cases, are nothlna telt PUR- GATIVES. and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without haying the desired effeet. Letters to be addressed D. COLLINS,

othic House, 9, Erstbae Street ,

1 iverp (401

===== 0002601_18950119_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ILAIR'S GOUT AND ILDEUMATIC PILLS

_ BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT . PILLS. GOUT, LUM/3AGO and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT FILLS. The acute pain quickly relieve-1 BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT raLS. Effectual. Price 15. lid. and 2s. 94., per Sac.

KNOWN AS REV, JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- 1141XICAN CURS. CAN Pres,riotien, is the only guartipteed Remedy or all those who sniffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney, bladder, gray]. proata Le and kindred complairts, and hat stood the to tf or 20 ears. Send 'self-athiressed stamped enveicTe too Josiamx ildtm'rs' Remedy Co., 13loomebory 11l omsbury square. Lona, n. and get full particulars of this great Remedy gee of charge.

—.o4nPer,.

-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

is always best for a man to keep his temper. isto one else wants it. MANY a man who thinks himself ahead of the Limes is about as useless as a clock that runs too

East. A SHOEMAKERS TOAST—" May we have all the women in the country to shoe and all the men to BROKEN.—" I've had enough experience, and have concluded to stop betting_los. zoosiLand Ei-e- shillings you won't.. "I'll take

you!" A GENTLEMAN asked a minister: "When do you expect to see Deacon S. again ?" "Never, said the minister, solemnly. "The deacon is in heaven. BowErts says it is a wonder there is any truth- fulness in the world, when mankind begins life by lying in the cradle. IN" Corm—Presiding Judge: "You have crushed a gentleman with your bicycle." • De- fendant ; Quite true, Monsieur le President; but put yourself in .my place." Judge: " Wil- lingly ; but you, put yourself in his." liounay REVELLER "Look here, I say; Hanged if there ain't a'bla.ck hair in this. soup ! " Irate Landlady: "Well, I'm sure! I suppose I ain't bound to keep a carroty haired cook just to ' please you am I?" YOUNG WIFE (the week after the wedding) : "And now that supper is over, John, I don't mind you smoking your cigar in the house one bit, so sit down and enjoy it quietly and comfortably." " What ! " cried the Intsband, delightedly.' "You don't object to my smoking? Good I'll have to go to the club and let them all know what a kind, thoughtful angel of a wife I've got !" "AND how do your fowls lay, with the patent oil. stove in the hen-house?' "Oh, they like it immensely, and lay well. Why, when I looked in last night, the ducks were sitting round it telling tales.' IF you are well-to-do, associate with the well-to- do for they are not likely to borrow ; but, if you are pobr, keep on good terms with the poor, for they are more willing to lend. PLEASING THE TEACHLIL—Teacher " Whywas Solomon the wisest man in the world?" Boy: "He had so many wives tqadvise him." Teacher (a strong-minded female) : "Well, that is not the answer in the book, but Y°l4 may go ta" the head." Mits. NEWED: "rye brought three of these eggs back to change them." Grocer: "They are strictly fresh, ma'am." Mrs. Newed : "No doubt; but the shells are brown, while my new egg cups are blue." HENRY ERSKINE, succeeding Dundas as Lord-. Advocate, that good-humoured politician offered to lend him his embroidered official gown, as he istould not want it long. "No," said he in the same spirit. " I will not assume the abandoned habits of my predecessors." ENOLISIIMAN—" Pardon me, sir, but where do, you come from?" Paddy—" From County Cork." Englishman—" Then that accounts for your brogue." Paddy—" May I ax where you come 'from?" Englishman—" From Worcester, sir "-- proudly. Paddy—" Then that accounts for year moues." "WHAT have you decided to give Tom for his birthday ?" Mrs. Tom: "A nice collar and puff box. It will be so convenient to keep my batons, thread, and scissors in.'' Max shows his teeth and growls; but woman shows her, teeth and smiles, with far better chance of attaining her object. rAy'ON-WARDEN (to condemned criminal on morning of execution)—"l am to ask you if there is -any little thing you would fancy for your breakfast." Criminal—" Thanks. I would like a couple of peaches.' Prison-warden—" Peaches. I ,Why, we are in March." Criminal—never mind. I can wait," A GOOD EGGS-AMPLE. —School Board Teacher: "Can any one tell me what an average is?" Small Boy: "it's a thing a hen lays eggs on." Teacher: " Nonsense ? What are you talking about?" Smolt Boy • "I saw it in a book." Teacher (con- temptuously) ; "Show it, me, then." Small boy produces a book and points to a sentence running. "A hen lap on an average four eggs a week." • ADGUMENTUM AD FE.mITA3S2. —Old Brute: "There is but one way to get the best of a woman in an argument." Young Brute: "What is that?" Old Brute: "State your side, and then laugh so loud that she can't make herself heard." A BLuxera Am. Rousso —Wife (looking over bill) : "Do you remember my dear, how many trout you caught when tinning last Satin-dip?" ,Husband : "There were just twelve of 'em—all beauties ! Why ?" Wife: "The fishmonger has made a mistake; he only charges for half-a-dozen." THE AMERICAN CLIXATE.—Visitor : "What sort of weather did you have here this time last year?" Native. "Wall. really now, I don't just remember whether it was a drought or a flood." WANTED ITALY THRoWN lx.—Madame ParVem MOO : "I want a first-class ticket to Rome." Agent (representing the Tourists' International Company): "Yes, ma'am." Madame Parvenoo : "And I want it to include an excursion to Italy, do you understand ?" ABLE TO WALK.—A visitor in Dublin was asked if he wanted a car by the car-driver: "No," said he, "I am able to walk." "May yer honour long be able, but seldom willing !' was the re- joinder. DIDN'T WANT TO REMAIN SINGLE.—At a party, the other evening, a Miss Joy was present, and in the course of the evening some one used the quota- tion, "A thing of beauty is a joy for ever,' when she exclaimed," Oh, I'm glad I'm not a beauty, for .1 shouldn't like to be a Joy for ever." JUVENILE Wissnom.—Schoolmaster : "What are the teeth we get first called 2" Boy: "Milk teeth." Schoolmaster: "And those we get last? Boy : "False teeth." WHY HE LErr.—Fraugois (the new cook): "I was very sorry to leave my place, but then, you see, my master was an amateur photographer." "Who, what differeneo did that make?" "A grea.t deal. He used to take a photograph of each joint before it left the dining-room? MISS DE : "I don't See how you whistle through your fingers tltst way. I could never do it in the world." ISI.-. Goodheart (wishing to compliment her delicate little hand): "No, Miss de Pretty. If you should try it, your hand would slip into your mouth." ' "You will, of course, immediately join in the mess, Mr. De Jones." said Adjutant Brown to the new ensign on the day of his arrival. "You are very kind, sir," stammered De Jones, "but the last promise which I made to my father was to avoid getting into any mesa whatever." CAVORT AT LAST.—OId Mrs. Townbred, visiting a cricket match for the first time, asked her niece, who accompanied her, "why that man behind the wicket stops) ,fil the balls that the other man wanted to hit." Soon after the wicket-keeper caught the batsman out, and some of the pllsyers shouted out, " Caught ! "Ah! I am glad they've caught him at last,' sald the old lady, thinking it was the wicket-keeper they bad caught), "the sneak! That makes the ninth time I've seen him Stop the ball IP "Or COURSE SHE Cass."—At a country fête a conjurer was performing the old trick of producing eggs from a pocket-handkerchief, when he remarked to a boy in front—" I say, my boy, your mother can't get eggs without hens, can she?" "Of course she can,' wss the reply. "Why, how is that?" asked the conjurer. "She keeps ducks," replied the boy. , A -MERCIFUL JUDGE. "But, your honour," pleaded the prisoner, " the physician's evidence is to the effect that I cannot live to serve a sentence of five years." "Inasmuch as the jury has recom- mended you to the mercy of the court," responded his lordship, " and in view of the precarious condition of your health, therefore let it be known that I hereby reverse the sentence of five years, and make it one for life." BOTH BoYS.—Teacher : "Now, Willie, suppose you were to hand a playmate your last apple to take a portion, wouldn't you tell him to take the larger piece?" Willie "No mom !" "You wouldn't ? Why?" "Cos t'wouldn't be neces-

- 21 aarv. UNDERGOING AN OPEItAII,OS.—A Yorkshire vicar received the following notice regarding a marriage from a parishioner: • This is to give you notis that I and Miss Jemima Arabella Brearley is cumin' ta, your church on Saturday afternoon nes, to undergo the operation of matrimony at your hands. Please be prompt, as the cab is hired by the hour." The 4' operation" was performed in due Col2llle.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL " GHAT.

Since the day, during his last illness, when the late Mr. Spurgeon was mentioned by name in the pulpits of St. Paul's and West minster Abbey, no such honour has been paid to a great Nonconform- ist divine as that which was paid on Sunday morn- ing at the church of St. Paul's, Bath, by Dr. liennion, the Bishop of Bath and Wells. Preaching on the words " Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business f'Di.-Kennion quoted-With' prafal certain ot-Dv,Dates rvielitS, and added, ALI-ewe-more-te--Br:—Bal4e4i—tettehingev—thougth-er member of another 'communion, than to any other man livirg. , . Mr. Gladstone's last thoughts before leaving Hawarden were for St. Deniol's. ,Besides the tree- felling on Saturday, arid the baptism of his grand- child on Sunday, and all, the other prpceedings of which the newspapers', have utadeLthe public aw re, Mr:Gladstone spent some hours on those da s in marking and lamenting the deficiencies in th St. Deniol collection of sixteenth an seven- fee th century'_ historico-religious books; and at lea t onelong4etter wag written by hini to request a Iloman Catholic firm of publishers to fill the gaps, and to communicae with him, if possible; during ith day's stay he made in town on his way to the So th, --- • •:., , :

41.00-6,4 7-•

' is a strange fiict, but true, that although Mr do n Morley is one of our best-known historical an philosophical writers, and though he !lOW fills farl the second time the office of Chief Secretary for Ire and, it is only recently that a set of his books ha e been added to the library in Dublin Castle for th use of Government officials. ' including the Lo d Lieutenant ,and the Chief Secretary. . The nucleus of the library was the property originally of the Irish House of Lords, and was transferred to Duin Castle at the time of the Union. For many years Parliament has voted an annual grant to keep the library up to date by the addition of works of reference and the best books of current literature. • = . Ihe late Professor Seeley's " Ecce nomo," pub- Bs ed in 1868, occasioned as will be remembered; a hot controversy, to which the principal contributor waS Mr. Gladstone. In his criticism the latter, while not by any •means in entire agreement with Professor .Seeley, wrote that the . Look was" a powerful specimen of his handiwork," and went on as follows—" It is doubtless needful that popular th logy, whichelike everything else,tends to gettle don into mere-formulas, should Otis be shaken up from time to time, and measured and adjusted , by ts eternal standard : that we may • come at last neer to a sense bow truly the treasure is divine which is lodged unworthily in us poor 03(irtheA,4 vessels." , ------ f ~ 1 The story goes in Dublin that the Chief Secretary the Lord Lieutenant, and others, one eveiing, after dinner at the Castle, had a conversation in which refrence was made to a particular passage' in'Mr,' Mofrley'S- book on " Compromise " The- drift 'or. Menning of the passage was disputed, and Lord Ilciughton sent for -tothe-library ; but to the astonishment of his Excellency and everyone else present—save, pehaps, the author—the book -Was notto be , found there. What is more, not a single one of Mr. Morley's works was in the collec- tion: -It-seems th-at-t-trey-had-all-been-placed on-ttre- " Index Expurgatorius " of the permanent officials of the Castle. However, by order of the Lord Lieu- ' tenant the complete series has now been added. .

There are some startling statements Contained in an interview which a representative of the "Pall Mall Budget" has had with M. Himon, the author of " France Societe et Politique," a gentle- man of standing and authority, now living'in Lon- don. M. Hereon said:—" I can now give you a hint of a scandal very soon to burst forth that will make those affairs shrink into insignificance. The affair of Pertain' again. The 'Grand Francais 'is dead, and his son, Charles, de Lesseps, and M. Marius Fontenot are going td, speak ! They hive _suffered in silence a long time, because a threat was held over their heads that if they committed indiscretions of speech the Vieux Comte would be thrown into prison ! Now he is gone, and a verit- able social bomb will soon explode.''

The return of Ole Postmaster-General from Monte Carlo to attend the Cabinet Council gate the alarm- ists a" reason?' for their prophecies of dissolution and what not. But those who attach political im- portance to a journey taken—by the General for for the purpose of being present at a meet- ing of his colleagues are ;astoundingly ignorant of the character of Mr. Arnold Morley. If be had been in Constantinople be would 'have returned all the same if there had been time for that operation between the receipt of the summons and the meet- ing of the Cabinet. The Postmaster-General never misses anything—a division, a meeting of the Cabinet,or whatever itrmay be. He is a former chief Whip, and he has all the instincts of a disciplina- rian-- Be has been-lcuown to_leave a dinner patty at his own residence for the purpose of helping to' make a House at nine o'clock, though he knew well enough that there would be a count out a few minutes afterwards.

-

The name of Mr. Thomas Andrews, of Guildford whose death is just announced, was not. so widely known to the general public as was that of the naturalist Bnckland, but itt was known to every angler who took an enlightened "'interest in his sport and to every breeder of fish throughout the empire. Many of the Australasian streams have been stocked with salmon and other fish from the eggs which he cultivated and exported. He was the most extensive bfeeder of fish in England, and I perhaps even in the world. To him it was an en- thusiasm as well as a profitable business, and his beautiful fish farm, if I may so call his lovely end interesting ponds at Haslemere, were the most striking points of attraction on that famous com- mon. He was an importer of fish as well as an ex- porter, and his imports were more from his love of the occupation than for gain. Rare fishes from Tnd ia.Chin r, Buenos Ayres, and other distant places found their way to his pools. He published many papers on matters relating to his Ailing, and his bright, cheery presence will he missed by all interested in the occupation he followed. •

Since I am alluding to fishery matters, I observed that the latest form of league which has been pro- posed is a "Salmon League." It is a still younger idea than the Sportinv League. One of its objects is to enlist the co-operation of riparian owners and Proprietors and lessees of salmon waters in tracing the natural history of the salmon. The assistance of the catchers of the Ash will also be indispensable and it is thought that this can be secured by pay- ment of fees orrewards. Some valuable discoveries in the movements of the fish are expected to be made, hut the co-operation would require to be very wide if much is to result from it.

While the Radical party in the House will loyally support the policy propounded last year, they will not submit to anemic stricken shipbuild- ing scheme which would deprive the poorer classes of the cominnnity of all the benefits of last year's Budget. You will not meet a Radical in the National Liberal Club who does not frankly own that it would be as much as his seat was worth if he appealed to the Radicals of his constituency for their suffrages without being able to announce to them a substantial reduction in duty in some of their articles of daily consumption, such as tea or tobacco. A reduction on the duty of the latter would be appreciated by most working-men. The pettiest to.bacconist in London could give Sir William more light on the operation of the tobacco duty on the humblest classes of the consumers than any great firm in the kingdOm but, whether the abatement is on tobacco or tea or anything else,he will have to satisfy the widespread feeling that a large share of the improved financial nositien must he '(levoted to a remission of the indirect burdens which still weigh upon the-,poor. •

Lord Rosebery bas decided not to seek re-election 4:ts a member of the County Council. Some weeks ago his Lordship wrof sbrivately to the Progressive Committees in 'East Finsbui7, saying thst as at Tresent circumstanced it would not be possible for him again to ask their suffrages, and at to-day's .meeting of the Council this WAR confirmed. The 'intelligence was received with general regret. Already the Moderates are disavowing the pro- uramme issued the other day by the new Tory Municipal Society. One item of the programme was that work should be given to the unemployed during the minter months hut at the Council to- day the Moderates denounced the Progressives for incurring an expenditure of £l,OOO in doing this very thing. 41•11... m.•

MOXON'S URSERY BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARASITBS In the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMIRTS and the PROPRIETOR. J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 6d. and ls. per box. Poet Free 7i and le. reale mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
".,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TT-TT 7EXAMINER, SATURDAY JANUARY 19. 1895. LADIES' LETTER.

THE DOUBLE LIFE; On, THE ItAMPTON MYSTERY.

By the Author of " DARICWOOD."

LL , THE OLD LOVE RENEWED. Things base and vile, holding no guality, .- Love_cantranspose.to form and dignity, ' rl.lpAd SRAKESPEARE. ked improvement—as great as sudden—. -hicr taken place ilthelihySidiai -doodition-of Neg., --I ,w3nl, he who had played his part as Haskins.. ' On the morning of the day previonii to That on widch occurred Giralda's rescue from her latest-, Tirlson, ii,-,pleasant, picture' was presented at the ' cottage on the Burnt Downs. . . In the inner room, of the dwelling, on b: neat, ..wbite-draped'bed, NtigWyn was lying. His email was drawn up to one of the windows; so that he conk" look at will over the wide expanse of waving .. goi-se, and at the flocks -of sheep feeding upon • it. T* room was scrupulously neat and. clean. The medicine bottles were' carefully, put away from Bleat, and a few hardy April flowers were gathered into a blue pitcher and set upon' a wooden- shelf at . .

will Act° the WrTatig ne has done as tar as he can, and live a better life hereafter, or—" Yes, yes, Peggy!" interrupted Negwyn. "1 will reform. I will repair what wrongs I have done. I will work for you and be your servant. And will you forgive me, and take me back ? " ~. Peggy's honest face glowed with a great joy. Her rugged features were transfigured with the love that so long repressed now leaped up in a full tide toward her repentant lover. She had loved him, and waited for him eighteen years, and this moment recompensed her-for all- her anxieties, tears, and desolation. _She bent over. him, took hit hand in hers._ansl._ kissed him as shyly as a young girl might have done. . And then she drew back blttshing and embar- , reseed. Hers was not a demonstrative nature, and, thik was the first kiss she had given since 'Negwyn ta4 left her. ‘1 Oh, Peggy !" cried" her lover, not daring to a7pt his good fortune. "What does this mean ?" It intani,Giterge; that we begin now 'vi .w left off eighteen years ago," answered the 'wo an, in her calm, quiet voice, that soothed him an strengthened him like a bracing breeze. • "It m$ ti ns that-you Must hurry and get , well, that- "We maiv be married." Negwyn's delight was equalled only by his sa- toi ishment. That this good, self-reliant, honour- ab woman should be willing to, accept him as ie he husband, after all that had passed, seemed in- credible. He began to fear that he Ethenicl-wake- upisnd find it all a dreban. ' eggy brought a chair and sat beside his benl,4 holing his hand. They talked a while of the pail* and Negwyn had grown quite calm, when the !woman said: . ‘,‘ You begin to look strong and well, George. I thOak, with proper care, you could make a journey toAday." 1‘ A journey? You are not going to send me viclay 1" j‘ No, I shall go with you!" 4,` But where ?' he asked, wonderingly. 1‘ George," said the woman solemnly, " Provi- since has sent me back my lover alive and soon to iiwell. But there is a noble lady whose lover 0 supposed to be lost to her eighteen years ago, U who has carried all these years a heavy load of lef. You know who I mean—the Lady Beatrice mpton." r Yes, I know," said Negwyn uneasily. 1' All these years the Lady Beatrice has been ieretly a wife, secretly a mother. Her husband 3 poor Mr. Geoffrey TreVelyan, who dares not show head because of the charge of attempted murder -it him. He is hiding to-day, as he has been since the night on which he fled from Treve- c Park. You can clear his name, George, and . must do it. Not an hour must be lost. Mrs. impton told me that the marquis and Lord , lowe were in pursuit of him.' IThe Lady; trice is at Hamptonwold. You and I must set for Hamptonwold to-day." Eer clear eyes looked straight into the shrinking (era soul before her. Her 'manner, firm and ,tong, nerved him. He made no denial, no ,irestations, but resigned- himself quietly to her w 11. 'But how shall I explain, this long silence of yelars ?" he asked. "The Lady Beatrice and Mr. thloffrey will never forgive me.' Do right' George, and let the result take care of!itself," said the brave Peggy. "And now let us see how strong you are.— You must dress." She brought him his garments and helped him to p t them on. Then nhe bathed his face and ' fiide, combed out his hair and bear S; and as ted him into the easiest chair the house af- foided. --. i 7 r There! You look better 1" ehetaclaimed, look- ing at him with the conscious pride of proprietor- shy. "You will take your broth and some wine, and we Will then discuss this journey." She brought him the bowl of broth, and fed him with a spoon as if he hail been ca chilld. Then, hiving given him the wine, and witnessed a great ireprovement in him, she announced that he had strength enough to undertake the journey. "I suppose," ventured Negwyn, hesitatingly, . "that we couldn't wait till I get well 2". ," Wait! when his enerniet are in pursuit of Mr. Geoffrey; when the family is scattered, and the poor Lady Beatrice is suffering worse than you can suffer ?" cried Peggy, reproachfully.. "Why, George !" Negwyn apologized at once, expressing a desire to depart on the instant. Peggy, well pleased with his submission, went to the door and summoned her shepherd assistant, who. came running to meet her. "Take the donkey and ride over to Dalton, lad," she said, briskly, "and bring back a pair of the best horses and a large invalid carriage. Mr. Negwyn is going off on a long journey. Be quick, now, and don't let the grass grow under the donkey's feet. And don't haggle about the price of the horses, and be sure to get a skilful driver." Thus commissioned, the shepherd lad set off on his errand, and Peggy returned to her lover. It was nearly three hours before the carriage made its appearance, and during that period Peggy made her own travelling toilet, collected bottles of wine and beef-tea and pillows, and made every preparation for the comfort of the invalid. The carriage, however, came at last, the shepherd lad on the box with the driver, the donkey attached by a rope to the rear of the vehicle. Peggy placed her house and flock in the lad's charge, with many directions, and then proceeded to make a comfortable couch within the vehicle, piling blankets and pillows 'Thickly. The invalid was brought out by the coachman and the shepherd lad, and laid carefully on his new bed. His bottles of food and drink were packed in carefully among the folds of woollen, and Peggy locked her door, giving the key to her faithful young assistant, and entered the carriage, giving her destination to the driver, with many injunctions to drive alowly and carefully. And thus they set out on their important pil- grimage. The ride over the Burnt Downs, as careful as the driver might be, could not fail to cause Negwyn great physical pain, but he bore it bravely, finding strength and consolation in the firm clasp of Peggy's hands, and her frequent encouraging allu- sions to their future. Their progress was necessarily slow. They drove hour after hour, leaving the downs behind them, and entering upon pleasant country roads, where the motion of the carriage was comparatively easy to bear. Peggy bestowed constant attention upon her lover, giving him such food as he could bear, and frequently felt of his pulse, which to her secret alarm, beg -n to quicken. The journey was two-thirds done when the hot flush on Negwyn's face, and the burning heat of his skin, assured his nurse that he was threatened with a relapse into that fever from which he had already experienced so narrow an escape. Of course, further journeying would but aggravate these symptoms. Peggy was therefore compelled to halt at the first village at which they arrived after her discovery, and to put up at the inn. Negwyn was got to bed, a physician was Eent for, and the task of subduing the incipient fever was again entered upon. Peggy's heart fell at this de- lay, and anxieties for the Lady Beatrice mingled with those that assailed her on account of her lover. She felt a keen foreboding that the pursuit of Geoffrey Trevelyan was drawing to a close— that a crisis in his fate was near—and an awful fear rent her soul that the only thing that could benefit hlin—Negwyn'a evidence—would arrive too late.

the bed's for-it. • ' The doctor from. Dalton had just gone.. The sick man had watched him out of sight, and now' ' he turned restlessly on his Pillow, his gaze' seeking the outer room. He could heat' Willsey's r •1i ht step, a, she busied herself about her house- hold, , duties, and he mild 'see a portion of the neat kitchen which, with all her added cares, the solitary cottager had tot neglected. , i 7, .. • , •Re was about to call her, when he heard a step without the door, and beheld the shepherd lad at this threshold beckoning to Peggy, who obeyed hii summons, casting it quick 'glance 'at' the inner '. room. _i" He ig ,sleeping„ lad," he said, in ,that„shrill whisper which !sounds `so much plainer than 'irk tuidertone, and which Negwyn heard ' distinctly. " ptou've been the journey? Yqn,,;, did the , end ?" ' . " Yes, mistress," responded the lad, in a similar whisper, sending an' awed" glance. into the sick a: tnom. "I went third-class on the train to Pen,. coed yesterday, as yinf told me. I got hon.* last , night, and, first thing,-1 am defile te,tell you Cuthat I heard." l" Well," said Peggy, impatiently, "what news? tlthe Lady ,Beatrice, as I though ehq would. be, r. Hamptionwold ?" ' 'l.'7', ,„!,-)1, ,:,',, tjj„ : I" She was expected yesterday, mi ' itress " was the reply. "She will stay a week or two at least in the country." ' .. "That is all, lacl;4 es,pdk said .;'f-pprovingly. fi Heaven has sent everythingl6 . PeVat the right • time. There is a crown for your trouble. Now 4 off to look after the sheep." . , !Cutting short his gratektl-thanka and having seen him depart, Peggy resumed her task of pre- paring a broth for the sick man's dinner. ••• I Negwyn stirred uneasily, asking himself the, reason of Peggy's strange interest in the move- nients of the Lady Beatirce*HaMpton. Unable to - swer his own question, he gave utterance to a liw, restless moan. .- ~ • ~ 7 i In a moment:Peggy, was:at ,his side-, , spoothing like pillow., and holding his hands in a- firm and strengthening grasp. - She had changed much during the few days Neg- wyn had been her guest and fatienit: Reflade liacir grown softer and pleasanter. Her lips oftener ;-wore a smile, and something of her old, youthful look had come back to her brightening hey-honest eounteriaiice. '.A. k.net•ktbbonsAther thleat and Hi her hair showed that the desire to enhance' her few personal charms had also returned to her. - ' Negwyn looked up at her with a strange, fixed gaze. It was the first time he had dared to fully -meet her glances, ,Not a ,werd, relative,to the past had been exchanged ' between -them." is gaze.' had followed all, m movements whe,n she was .within sight from -the 'moment the fever.' had left': , him, and it was evident that he had, ,re,cognized her, but he had never spoken her name, nor uttered; •'a word ot recognition. .• "What did the doctor say,tp me this morning?" he asked, abruptly. .... "He says that you have been very near to death, but that prompt- medical carer and g.. • - nursing have brought you: Out of 'all ili..nger. ' .ur fever has been broken up. Your fractures have not been SO serious as was at first supposed. In short, ‘lyou canalt uP to-day. It will not be long before,: you can go back again to the place you came from." Negwyn looked around the pleasant little chamber with a sigh—looked up at the honest face of his hostess with a wistful gaze—and then his hand fluttered uprseeking-herown brown, hard hand, which still lay on his pillow. "Peggy I" he said, in a whisper. The woman started, and her lip quivered but she made no verbal answer. "Peggy !" he said again, pleadingly, all the sinister hardness and coarseness that had been the growth of years leaving his face before the force of a genuine and softening emotion. "You know me, Peggy—George Negwyn 1" ' I knew you from the first, George," replied Peggy, quietly, Withdrawing her hand. Negwyn's countenance fell. "You hate me, I suppose, Peggy?" he questioned, eagerly. , , No. I hate no one," she answered, coolly. Negwyn was silent a moment, studying her quiet unmoved face. Old memories were strug- gling within him. His old affection for her woke to renewed life. She seemed so calm and strong and self-reliant, and he was weak and yielding, and needed a support. He asked himself if it were likely that she would ever look kindly upon him again. "Peggy," he said again, abruptly, "we were promised lovers once, were we not 1" _ "Yes," answered Peggy. "I gave you my promise to marry you only a short time before you went away so secretly. You were ,long gone, George—eighteen years. Negwyn winced at this reminder of his base- ness. "You loved me then, Peggy—eighteen years ago," he said, in a trembling voice. "I went away because—because I could not meet your honest face. I was hired to go away. But all these years, Peggy, I have thought of you and loved you. Many a night in Australia I have lain awake thinking of you. Many's the time that the tears came with the thought of you. If I'd stuck to you, Peggy, I shouldn't have been where I am to-day." Peggy seemed moved at this appeal, but made no answer. "I was on my way to you when I got this hurt," continued Negwyn. " Wigby had told me where you lived, and that you wasn't married; and a yearning took the to see you once more. And you took me in, Peggy, and took care of me, and I owe icy life to You. . "I should have done as much for any one else," observed Peggy, looking intently out of the win- dow. "I suppose so," returned Negwyn, choking back a sob. "I know I can't be anything to you now, Peggy. No woman would forgive eighteen years' neglect. But, Peggy, the sight of you has brought back the old love stronger than ever. I must tell- you, even if you put me out for it. The sight of - you, so good and calm and honest, brings back the,,, days when I was more worthy of you—when I too was honest. You couldn't forgive me, could you, Peggy!" he concluded, humbly. "There's a great deal to forgive," observed Peggy, meditatively; but her brown cheek began to flush slowly, and the old love that had never died out in her heart began to stir strongly within her. "I know there is," assented Negwyn, with in- oreasinghilinility. "There is' too much—l don't suppose you can forgive me," and the tears dropped like rain from his eyes. Peggy's hand fluttered a little, as if she would have clasped his. She restrained the impulse, and

grit H4L

ag4inw evo lyin ydu eo Nal c f

stfonl

waited. - "You are good, and I am bad," continued Neg- wyn, in a broken voice. "You are rich and lam poor. But I have prospects, Peggy. Lord Adlowe has promised me a large sum of money." Peggy drew back, and said, harshly: "Don't boast of the wages of crime, George. I would not marry a man who had money which he bad come by dishonestly." Negwyn was momentarily abashed. "Would vou marry a ueor man, then?' he ones- tioned—" you with your snug house, and sheep walk, and flocks ? " "I would if I loved him." A dull, red flush crept into Negwyn's sallow cheeks. He looked up at her eagerly, yet humbly, not daring to hope. "Peggy, Peggy ?" he cried, sobbing, "could you love me? Oh, Peggy, won't you take me back, and make a nun of me ? "

la a _ Peggy stooped forward, hesitated, and then, driwing herself up, demanded: "What is it you want me to take back, George? A roan leho will forsake and repair his errors, who

Lerwick.

(To be continued).

.;o4'

'.f'::','--,:ij.:.:'.,-,..-•Z....:!A ;7.. •-•.•-...::.1',....;',.!.,,.;:i',.' '"--

Adia4t

A 'COOPERATIVE COLLIERY IN WEST

CUMBERLAND.

Mrs. Melrose, wife of the vicar of the parish, cut the first sod of • the shaft of a new colliery at Durham on Tuesday, which she christened Crossbow Colliery. Some months ago, when the Lonsdale pit was closed, the people of the large and populous village of Dearborn were left practically workless. The villagers attempted to float a company to continua working the coal deposits, and being supported financially by some sympathising men of business in the district, were successful. The, villa gem invested their savings in the venture, and th(ft local Go-operative Society advanced £1,000; and a 4 aim ast,every worker at the pit will be a shareholder', it will be practically a co-operative colliery.

, MEMBER OF SALVATION ARMY ATTACKED IN SMITHFIELD MARKET.

Few would care to attack Mr. E. C. Baer, who lives at 100. Upper-street Islington, singlehanded. He stands 6ft. sin. in stocking:ad feet, and as a faithful inernber of th Salvation Army his regular, temperate habits - give lim physical strength in all its perfection, and hie •occuliation in Smithfield, not a light one, gives daily , . prac ice for his wiry sinews and well expanded muscles: but the strong, as well as the weak, sometimes sucedrob , and no armour is proof against Bright's disease. lltig • simple, plain words clearly explain his wonderful expel' ' iencel, In a letter dated December 16,1894, he sari i--- " I was taken two years ago with a severe sore thtiat, -fffr-Which my dector treated me for four or five daVe- This was followed by severe sickness, which troubled me a.fortnight, during which time I could keep down no food, and hardly the medicine prescribed. I then . noticed a stiffness of the eyelids and a little swelling: this was quickly followed by swelling in my hands • and feet. I was-still able to be about, and inaraedi" , ately consulted a leading doctor in Islington, and he said,' Take a tram or a cab home, get into bed. and - apply fomentations and take hot baths, which failed however, to bring on the desired perspiration. A week - after dropsy was so bad my doctor tapped me over m 7 loins; and repeated the tapping the next day. Milk diet and the medicines prescribed were faithfully used for a • month, but no change for the better, and the doctor told my wife he had no hopes of curing me. I then called my Wife's doctor; still no improvement. Then I applied to Cbaring Cross Hospital, where I was refused admits' sion,lbut arranged to be adinitted in St. Bartholomew'Vug Hospital (where Bright's disease was diagnosed), and to 7-- have' ,the; first vacant bed, which was the following T ~ . , Mony a'. , " n Sandal', my employer, of Smithfield Market- la call and'said; ' I have brought you a bottle of War- nor' "Safe ''' Cure ; it cured my nephew of a similar' dise e; I wafit-yeu to try it. I can honestly saY the ery first doses brought -on a profuse pespitation that four monthernf previous treatment had taii,gd to do. From that time the albumen and dropsi & eal ell' log egan to , gradually disappear. My ettertgth re' tarried, and in a short time I was able to get about,and , after tatting' 17 bottles of Warner's " Safe " Cure all systems of my terrible ailment were entirely gone.- MIZ - cur a was not only complete but permanent, *this ava& "6 two years. ago, and I have followed my work, without a „, -- della illness sincelliat time. - "ell believe in, J honest teatime*, and that i‘sjoity fr giv this one. All who know me will believe me , hose who do not know me may be convinced by'sSalling upon me they desire, at Smithfield Market, where I ain,, , well known, or to Mr. Thomas Myham, 256, ' iimitlafielliCh' Market, who corroborates my statement." • •

wonTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is boon to sufferers and acts like magic in all casco of RNEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIVO JOINTS. Price is. 4th per bottle, carriage paid.—J.WooDElo" demist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

3,1 " TOBACCONISTS commencing" 111 d. guide (2`9 pages TOBACCONISTS' Co.-186. Euston-toad,London. Manager. MYERS Est. 1866.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH ilito_rn is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starent. linen, Sm., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not flnish our linen without rut "Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford I— "Dear lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-canfe. Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." 11 should be used in every house. Bold at ld., 3d., and fid.s most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. • CUTTC3LET. AI'aCkNITTI. PeoDrietor.-4dnt

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT' TRUSSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented. boon to wearers. h‘ving no spring at back. Single 75.05,1: Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches to 4' WOODEND. Chemist. 22. Pitt-street. Livernool.—Adyt.

RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CUREP,, The afflicted are respectfully notified that Mr. S. SHRIIMAN, Hernia Specialist, will continue ts practice at OLD and ONLY BRANCR Ortattsafts in MANCHZ9rRR. naW2l:. 26, KING-STREET (during the whole of the Tear 1895 he so long has had such LiiiPaitlLLliD SUCCESS in the file?"; ment of the MANY THOUSANDS who have applied to bin' relief and cure of rupture at 26, KING-STAR ET, MANCHWST.7. Lon.Zon address 64, Chancery-lane, where he atteooi ALTERNATE Weeks. Send stamp for his NEW Boa °l3 RUPTURE and other useful information, now FREE of CIL NoTE. —His only address in MINCHFSTER is 26 KING-3-0,7; which is convenient to all Railway Stations. Calf CAUTIoN I I CAUTION 11 1 Beware of untrue and iniskooor lug advertisements new appearing in Manchester and *We. newspapers. Do not be deceived. His old and only adale47, inManchester is 26, King-st., and remember tint ne et"' person bearing the name of SHUMAN has until just th e past few ays ever had any address whatever in Martel 37-; ter. S. J. SHERMAN is the only person bearing that monba who has had offices in Manchester for some years past, end,' is the actual and only person who has effected the a oulte"-,,t Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere throttitb°- Great Britain during that period.

6. All hope of coMfort in my home had died Until the MATCHLHSS CLH tNSHII SOAP I tried. •

TR E PLAGUE OF LIF

A "Little Cough," THR RUIN ON HEALTH:

A "Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: ~ A " Little Cough.",., d Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST LUNG AND Taw,' RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Eff Never Fails. IttPOSSESSES rug F 10..— a , LuNG to 80011111, RELIVI; "---.4k. Hast., which exists 111.--. RESTORER other preparation. Fon COUGHS -' LUNG COe; RESTORER Never Fails. It NEVER F AILS to INSTANT RELIEF. IJUIsIG RESTORER THR FIRST DOSE - FOP' IS A SOOTHING OH, vg -- "MR. SWIPES, I have just kicked your William LUNG LUDE TO THE CLIO' out of doore."—" "Well, Mr. Swingle, it's the RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP first bill you've footed this many a day." Calm and Refreshing. _. THE question has arison why Washington did LUNG -,..0 Si ~ N .„--r not choose the law for his profession. One of the R DOES NOT COr4 z ESTORER LAUDANI M. orig.,'" suggestions made on the subject is that his deziar- Never Fails MORPHIA. ation that he could not tell a lie settled the matter. L" a ArrLICANT FOR INSURANCE: .. No, sir, I nettner Fon WITOryiNaWO 0' drink, smoke, nor use bad language. I don'tgo to RESTORER the theatre or attend balls, and have no evil -li associates. lam at home always by ten o'clock; LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A am a Sunday-school teacher, and my morals are RESTORER Children like rfi• Never Falls' ONE ..1 above reproach. I never had a day's sickness in i oenl Bola my life. Agent: "That is an extra, very HALL'S D• 174.103• hazardous risk, young and man we can't take it.' LUNC,IR EST 0 RER PROVES ITS Applicant: " What ? ' Agent: "No. The good Registered ESTABLISHED 40 die young, you know I" GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEN° SCENE: Lodging-housci'; lodger has just called RELIEF. FAILS. FAtLS. in his landlady. Lodger : "I say, this is not the shoulder of mutton I left yesterday." Landlady; :EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNIFS RE---,,„,. Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Cr7Z",;-,1 "I assure you, sir, no one in this house has touched your meat; it is there as you left it." Lodger „. tesTt7fyMtO.thTerios. HILL.—" Dealt Sig, —I Boma ..,Pour MI gwreit bhenlefiltadvere ivgeiciefnro t:%th.,.evuesr., g (puzzled) : "Have you a cat in the house' RESTORER, slurry Landlady: "Yes, sir." Lodger: Oh, you have I my Dome—in two cases particularly its effects were r Well, madam, would you give that accomplished ions, having cured moat obstinate Coughs. I shall be . animal my compliments, and say that I have no to recommend it to all my friends." .itr'i'l objection to let her have a share of my roast so CAUTIOH.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle 01 11 09 . long as she uses her teeth like other cats, but thee LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to accept 614.1111+ I strongly object to her employing a knife and feria else. Upon the outside IR per of every genu' tile_.„lo.. IP tuture. ' appears my Trade Mark (the figure of Hors) and Siß" Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. .40 The new system of heating their passenger carriages Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. in—fultv by steam was inaugurated on Tuesday by the Lonuon ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there be anY dinP , , „,f . obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on reeelfw 'v, and North-Western Railway Company. for the amount. from THOS. HALL, 24, Quo° Three little brothers named Robertson have tern to,,,,,,,Tsywuklui KA drowned while sliding on the Toe of Brindister, near

aLUIIa illdroll 1)-

, . . . , li 4,. y , • . N 1 : , , l' i . it . , , # 1 1 1 i I ..'. 1 . . . , ; ) - 1

,t oet°' • t. Jwsi r s„. I. .ts g COLIPS't VS 13 to 01 DOSE JTHINO THB CHO. - 3 SLESP ad Refreshing. .0 •*4 NOT COLN JAM M. Orll/31' -• .PHIL. WHOCY.iNa ceKleits ACTS LIKB A CII—AItS. Children like it. ' )NH 131 800 r,..• 2 D• PROVES ITS VAISII3. v. ABS' BSTABLISHBD 40 -13 NEVER NEVE3 FAILS. FALLS. .131 t OF WITNIFS 1311 phan Home for Girls. Croy/101j sot —" DELIt SIR, —I am Pie LOG) it derived from the use of your qv Move given to soveral as particularly its effects were 111,2:1;11 et obstinate Coughs. I shall ne Pffl°— .1 my friends." • na you ask, ask for a Bottle of ttiA Et, don't he perauadad to accept a'S 'aside Mr •;rnir of every genuine _taie, 3 Mark (the figure of Horn) and Sir' dent imitations and innovations. nists and Stores everywhere. in 2s. 9d. Should there be any f 111 be sent carriage paid, on. o rece.P. - at, from THOS. HALL, 24, Queen Us KA

===== 0002601_18950119_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

MY DEAREST NELLIE, I am going to give you some more hints about etnWg dresses, which everyone wants just at this bfte of the year. The consciousness of wearing a pretty and becoming dress adds not a little to our enjoyment of dances and other Christmas gaieties. No doubt, the majority of us have made our last season's frocks do duty for pre-Christmas festivi- ties, and we are, therefore, now able to inveraB new and smart attirb to do justice to ourselv vlt the seas-a7Tirelafowing are eliarming dresses. 1 e first is a handsome dress of sapphire-blue lvetaen, trimmed with jet, the latter fcrming a inted corslet, and deep, open work square at the neck. A graceful little frock in apple-green nun's v iling, with two rows of pink satin ribbon edging • t o bottom of the full skirt, is another one. The sleeves to the elbow are very gracefully arranged, 1 a d a fold of pink crepe de Chine crosses the b dice, and is finished oil with a paste buckle and f 1 loop bows on the left side. must not forget a very handsome ball dress of s in. It is made of dead white satin covered th white crêpe line, ' the 'fall bodice being c rmingly.arranged. with a deep 'folded, band. of 7 e pink satin and skays of mush roses and fib- ) appearing on the shoulders.. : • 17

For a girl of from 14 to 16 years of age nothing could be more graceful than the evening bodice., I arb going to describe. It is made of nun's cloth, trimmed with swansdown, or feather ruching may be used. The bodice is a round waist shape, and is suitable to wear with any of the fashionable _ skirts. The foundation of the front is trimmed with an overparb pleated in V shape from the shoulder seam to the bust, and is completed from here with an overpart scalloped at the top and edged with swansdown, the back being also finished in a similar manner, and is fastened with buttons in the centre. The neck in front is out low V shape, and it is edged round with swansdown edging. The flowing sleeves to look well should be lined with sa.rcenet. They are bordered with swansdown, and are gathered into the under part of the armhole, an epaulette of swansdown meeting them on the shoulders. Pink gauze too, makes a suitable bodice blouse for even• ing wear.

A saw bonnet—the butterfly--Is fashioned in velvet and irridesoent beads. The shape is flat, oovered in royal blue mit oir velvet, with a double butterfly bow made of blue iridescent beads on either side. The sane idea may be successfully carried out in a Trieter colour by those who con. eider some of the present combinaticns of colours and materials too daring and original to indulge in. A suitable toque for ordinary wear is made of velvet and fur. The crown of mouse-brown velvet is slightly full, and contrasts prettily with the border of squirrel tails, one of which is twisted at the book to form an erect bow, with folds of velvet. IA hats this is rather a fashionable shape. It is of brown felt, with a pointed witch's crown somewhat low, with wings on either side of brown and gold, and a steel buckle clasping black bows at the front and back.

•A charming collar with yoke, for quiet evening wear, is of yellow chiffon. The sateen or silk yoke foundation is covered with a full round bertha gathered at the neck and lower edge, outlined with a double frill of chiffon, which is gathered with a small heading, then secured to the edge of yoke. A drawn collar is arranged over the plain founda- tion by a tuck being made in the material each side of the centre of front, whit& is drawn up to the size of foundation, then secured to it. Each end at the centre of back is finist.ed in the same manner, where it fastens with books and loops. A very ,pretty aollarette, seen in Regent-street the other day, was of butter-oolonred satin ribbon, about an inch and a half wide, made to hook at the back, under smart, stand-out bows, that showed in front. Al the two sides, under the ears the ribbon was set in double loops, like puffs, while in the middle was a paste buokle. Black satin ribbon is rnuoh used, made as just described, but with the addition of two rosettes of pretty-ooloured chiffon placed in front, with about three inches between them. A supply of these rosettes, in different tints, will enable the black collarette—which may or may nob hays& fall of lace added—to go with many different gowns. Yours lovingly, J

was I

OTTETS UNLABELLED STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause whatever. Invaluable for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps, from THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist. lIIIRTON-ON-TRFNm mention thisnaper Ml7Oll BETTER THAN STEEL AND PENNYROYAL

, ...,, .1,.f 4 `^-. ',-,, ~ • • ,ti -- . `,,,, - 4 i 0 i i ' ... L 1 r•-"-- ill ~ ii is:‘ ~- , :.--c' - • 4 \ 1. 1 c:r.,, _ _ ' V

. . - , . „A ,ii lex e‘ _ \ • ~. ~ . \ lig •-"V ) ) 1 - .I,lt* • ' X t \ _

7 fp. 4 \ii 171 ti, P i • rill\ ) "tu . #l.- .ml 6 1 ) • 4 , .c.,-v,,,g .. • I.‘ ittr

===== 0002601_18950119_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE IS WHA,T. WE GIVE TO READERS

OF THIS PAPER.

• You are interested in money making and no such opportunity for saving money has ever been presented to women who use knitting and fancy wools as that made to the readers of this paper by the Providence Mills Spinning Company. They are willing to send you some beautiful samples of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools for home knitting whicu may be kept by you. oTheir objet is to show you that for appearance, wear and price they cannot be surpassed. In these days of scarcity of cash it is interesting to know the way ta I buy the necessaries of life direct from the manufacturer and thereby save threepence or more in each shillings worth. We confidently recommend you to write to-day for patterns which will be sent free of charge by sending a post-card with your name and address upon it. Kindly note that letters shpuld be carefully addressed —Providence Mills Spinoing Co., C. Department, Brad- ford, Yorkshire. NB.—lf you would like they will also send you samples of their special dress fabrics as well as particu- lars of their wonderful underwear. In all cases the Dress Patterns must be returned.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
" GOTHENBURGISII."

WITH A DIFFERENCE. SG much has been heard from temperance reformers and politicians about the various methods of dealing with the drink question that Much interest will be felt in the action that is being taken in Aberdeen. The attention which has been given to the question of the public control of the liquor traffic in that town has resulted in the drawing up of a Bill which it is intended to submit to Parliament, if the general community will support the scheme. The intention of the promoters of the Bill is to obtain for the municipality the control of the liquor traffic in the town. The system differs largely from that which has been tried in Gothenburg. Briefly, at the end of five years from the passing of the Act the whole of the public-houses will be controllal by the municipality. During the five years no new licenses are to be granted except in favour of the municipality, which has the power to buy out existing licence-holders, and also to employ them as retailers. On to the scheme is grafted an ingenious system of local veto, whereby at the end of every five years a poll would be taken of the inhabitants. Two-thirds of those voting would decide whether the sale of drink was to be continued. Should the decision be against the further sale all the public- houses would be closed until the inhabitants had declared 13.7 their votes at one of the quinquennial ballots that they should be re-opened. The profits after deduct- ing cert Ain charges, are to be devoted to any objects which the Town Council may decide upon. It remains to be seen whether Parliament will sanction the Bill to carry out this scheme.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DESECRATION_ OF NATURE.

- - - - Although the Homocea Co. have had one of the greatestlschemes in rural advertising put before them, they have declined to entertain it on account of the widespread disgust existing in the minds of all who love their woods, dales, fields, streams, rocks and hills in the glory of their natural beauties, undefiled by the modern billposter. They (The Homocea Co.), are content with the legitimate channel of the Press, and by Pamphlets containing Testimonials. They can point to cures, -far more convincing than mere assertion. TESTIMONIAL FROM BISHOP TAYLOR. HIGH BARNET.

My dear old friend,—l distributed a variety of your remedies among afflicted natives, and among missionaries in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Coast of Guinea, Congo Country, and Angola, South of Congo, I have not been over those different and distant fields since, and have no definite information in regard to their curative power. I have Used FlomocEA and have proved its healing virtue both for severe bruises and flesh wounds, and Mgr, to kill the virus of mosquitoes and chiggoes (jiggers). Yours very truly (Bishop) 'Wm. TAYLOR. American Methodist Episcopal Mission

LORD CARRICK says HOMOCEA cured him of bleed- ing piles, when all else failed ; that he gave some to a labourer who was lamed by a stone falling upon him, whom it cured. A woman had a pain in the elbow and could not bend it for a year, and it cured her, and another used it for scurvy on her leg, and it was doing her good—ono letter closes from him with the word's ' "Its the most wonderful stuff that I ever came across.' Remember that HOMOCEA subdues inflammation and allays irritation almost as soon as applied for it "TOUCHES THE SPOT." All wholesale houses stock HOMOCEA. It can be obtained from Chemists and others at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s, from the wholesale agency, 21, Hamilt,n Square, Birkenhead. Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARHINGTON ; by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY. RUN- CORN; J. H. WESTON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN- CORN; S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET, ST. HELENS; and by E. BOOrH, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE, CREWE. (1)

===== 0002601_18950119_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIN

===== 0002601_18950119_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JANUARY.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WARRINOTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 825, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 5,35. 723. Sundays 10 15 a.m. &item and Hillhouse-7 12,8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 4 o,a 635 7 9 Sl:inlays 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)*30,a3 23,7 10, 9 50, 12 0, 1 50,3.58, 5 15, 630, 723, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 25,11 35. a Mou- days only. *Mondays excepted. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14, 932, 11 55, 1255, 3 20, 50, 85 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburn-2 40, 6 20. 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 614,847 102. Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 20, 545, 835, 9 55. 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 225 a 46, 6 14, 7 l'l, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 843.60. Bolton-5 45, 8 25,9 19.10 0, 10 40. 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, 7 17, 9 15 Sundays 8 43 a.m., 5 0. p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 20, 6 45, 9 55. 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 43. Sun- days 2 40, 3 35. Chester-* 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52, 3 17, 4 22. 5 11, 64, 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844, 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 6 20. 78, 915, 1020. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a 3 0, 83 23, 7 10, 8 23, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50. 238, 311, 515, 728, 1135. -Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 152. 3 17, 511.64, 7 42, 10 14, Eitindays 844, 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Barlestoa n-5 45, 710, 825. 835, 1043, 12 35, 1 15, 148, 5 35, 9 15, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 8 43, 60, 7 47, 45. *Saturdays only. Rdinburgh-2 40, 820, 985, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15, Sundays 2 40 a.m. 945 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Peulceth-7 33, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 2 5, 3 20. 612, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 42, 9 5, 1023, 12 15. 1 52, 3 17. 422, 5 11, 64 7 42,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. „Usrston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 756, 831, 95, 10 50., 12 0 ▪u•26. 4 0, 5 29, 610, 712,80. c 930, dlO2O, 11 39 Sun- 'ls 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays *114". cSaturdays excepted. lalasgow-2 40, 52!, 958, 11 40, 12 33, 240, 3 48, 10 2. oundays 2 40, 9 45. flolbome-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays 1.1117. 348. 5 35, 7 17, 915 1010. Sundays 843.60. e 11050 Green-7 12.7 56,8 31,9 5.a930,10 40,12 0,1 6,2 10,4 0, ,529. 610, 6 33. 87 9, 7 12, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 0, 11 25, 2 32, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only. bßuns S minutes later on Saturday cSaturdays excepted. „ Itlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 9, 7 55,.8 21, 70, 105. undays 8 56, 10 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, • 49. 12 36, 1 16, 238, 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. '-na,4s3's 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. ,- ,'''verPool (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35. 10 5, 12 7, n' 3 48, 55,6207 8, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 843, 328. ▪ 58, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. , 11j4.17er13°°1 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,13 0,10 14, 8 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 8,50, 95, 950, 10 24,10 24,10 35, 10 50, 11 50, 120, 12 50, 12 57, to, I so, 25, 250, 332, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 10, ;4..43. 6 50, 7 12,7 SC, 80,850,96, 9 18, 10 10 10 45, alllo, 11 18 -"lldaYs 4 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 1128, 2 20, 2 32, 7 5, 8 30, 9 39, 10 15, 10 33. aExcept Mondays. , London (L. &N.-W.)-a3 0, 8323. 735. 950, 1045, 120, ▪ 3 11, 815, 1135. Sundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135. 41.Oiys excepted. bMendays only. London (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 11 39. 1255, 320, 50, 11 53. ""tuadaYs 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. lifmnl-6 20, 7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 1049, 12 36.1 16, 2 38, • 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 18. eilaturdays only. From Arolev Station. a Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14.2 0, 421. 55, 7 17, 98, 10 20. Sundays 245 a.m., 50, 60, ' *‘, °Mondays only. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-°6 20 20, 7 65, 8 57, 9 55, 10,46, 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. u.„Dxls3's 846, 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. n "nanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 1055, 11 91, 11 55, 1285, 155, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, . 70, 755. 8 12, 8 55, 9 55, alo 0, all 10, 11 50. Sundays ' at6' 9 37, 10 12, 35, 3 17, 818, 718, 8 55, 9 22, 9 28, 95, •Surdays only. Xiddlewich-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 728. ' lloore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 6 35, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. ,J4eWton.4e-Willows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0, 40, 1214, 1235, 3 20, 348. 4 21, 5 35, 625, 717. 918, 9 4,510.10 20. Sundays 245.. 7 40. 8 43, 335, 80, 60, 7 47, • Inl'adgate-7 0, 7 55, 821, 1027, 1227, 2 17, 528, 7 0, 830. 8. Sundays 8 56, 1012, 3 50, 515, 9 28. /sreaton-2 40. 5 20, 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 5 4,. . 3 48,6 14 717 847 10 2. Sundays 240, 8 43, 3 35, 60, p „ , ,saunenrn_7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 2 5, 3 20. 5 12, 6 17, 8 0, ,„ Lev (for Penketh)-7 56, 9 5, 10 5, 10 46, 11 0, 12 0,1 5, 45. 2 53, 40, 5 29, a 6 10. 7 12, 80, a 9 30, 810 20,10 45. Sun- -4RB 90. 1125, 232, 918. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur, °7113z• (C.L.C.) 4.14 heflield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced 2.5)-8 55, 10 55, 12 27, 155,46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, 55 Helens-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 9' 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. 1 143tit,h5ort (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 15, 40, 53, 6 35, 79, 9 10. Sundays 9 40,2 5,8 50, -vaturdays only. 628 1151 Wall-6 20, 722.80, 9 0, 958, 10 49,12 36,1 16,2 38,4 11, cum' 613. 78. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 850, 38, 815. a Satur- *4424l3'• From Arpley Station. 2 .snes(Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 9 5, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 58, 40, 5 29, 6 10. 7 12, 88 0. 9 10, a 9 30, 810 15. Sun- pia. 90, 9 40, 2 32, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays Wid 320 nn," ( L. andlL-W-) -7 38, 825. 100, 1014, 11 48, 2 5, u.„' +2, 6 17, 8 0914, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 2 29:95,5-2 40, 5 23. 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55. 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 8 9 35, 614, 8 47. 10 2,10 10. Sundays 240, 843, • 0, 46 .

TO WARRINGTON FROM R &dun Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, n 43, 37, 436, 6 44, 829 643,15 7 53, 4 32. ~.,o,444tear and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16. 718, 8 24, 949. Sundays .42 26,822. 'l3lrmiligham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 60, 720, 90, 11 30, 12 15, 1. 5 50, 7 25, 1115. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. 6 Irsirrniaelarn (Midland)-65, 8 50, 9 59, 1130, 1 23, 2 40, 6 45, blO 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. bEsr- %Pi Itoiadays, skaskburn-8 30, 850, 1048,1 35, 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 755, 10 12. 1111Thaa3,4 8 0, 5 40, ga"'0113001 (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 955, 1035, 35, 7 10, ,t 6. Sundays 740. 1 35, 5 15,8 40 45n0l (Oentral)-8 0, 827, 8 55, 9 55. 1010, 20, 2 50, 1. SundaN s 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50, i,7ltotl-5 45, 8 0, 9.15. 10 35, 12 35, 2 20, 415, 813, 555, r Sundays 610. 920 p.m. silca llsle-12 5, 6 50, 8 40, 9 30, 1234, 140, 422, 5 38, 8 41. 125 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. sollester-2 0,7 25, 8 45, 940. 1012. 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 7so 3 45. 530, 635. 7 35, 835. Sundays 20, 630 am. a ,P,ollins Gr=en-6 39, 7 16. 8 42, 109. 12 36, 14, 1. 43, 2 10'. 5 28, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 11. 7 15. kfTe-2 3, 4 42, 60, 813. 920, 115. 1110, 150, 235. '5.8 5, 9 20. Sundays 23. 4 42, 7 10,2 40.4 0, 9 12. 7 asloury-8 16• 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 15. Sundays 3p7 37 p.m. erb37-8 15, 10 20, 1 10, 35, '3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 °oounday, 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept bdaya 1 1-44.1111.,,t.4a1-6 55, 7 30, 842, 924 109. 11 23, 11 52, 12 45, a 34 3 20. 58, 620. 553, 630, 833, 9 12, 120. Sundtys 02. 10 3, 4 0, 7 18, 7 23. burgh -10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10. 6 71121er's Ferry & Penketli-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 27 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 832. 2 57. 87. Eing`isharn-7 55, 9 3, 102, 11 27, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 657, 7 57 fcraYs 6 59. 7 16 p.m. 19 54 st4im (Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 6277 50,9 0, 9 50. 10 49, 1 12. 2 13, 420 4 56. 58. 556. '657, 93, 1121. Sun- lit! 10. 240,,17,442,651, 841. Q,,,gOW-1010, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. 4zoroe_o 44 826. 1022, 1228, 2 41, 535. 820, 91, zrou Sundays 940. 7 5. 18 5 at' 40, 8 3, 825,9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 154, 2 24, 4 55 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 837, 9 20, 3 31, 4 30, Irlarn

ii„..,,,„and Cadishead (Central)-6 53.7 33, 958, 12 55, 54, Sundays 10 59, 6 50, 8 35. 100. a 0 8 13. 840, 932 106, 11 17, 120. al 45. 2 13, 2•3722. 65 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942, 1127. Sundays 833, 33. aSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted. _ 130 • e,rpool (via Earlestown)—a2 60, 80. 920. 11 , ,6 38: 84, 4 30, 5 35, 75, 835. 105, "1115. Sundays 730, aMondays only. *Saturdays only. to "19,1e5-6 25:8 20, 95, 9 55, 1220. 130, 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 14. 10. 10 45. Sundays 7 45, 210 720. 10 45. 1135 .•.k.„°sl, (Central)-5 45, 6 10.7 30, 8 30, 8 40.8 43, 9 32, 10 30, 11 30. 11 55. 12 30, 12 35, 1 0. 130,150,20, 9 35, alO 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 80, 30, 30, 830, 930. aMondays and Saturdays only. 100 -1;"„rt (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15, 10 10, 2 10,4 10, 5 30, ,„..B"xiclays 10 0 a.m., 50, 100. 12 0. 12 O. SlZTlldland)-5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20, 4 0,, 5 0, a 9 15, LyniTur.,,aYs 3 15 120. a except Mondays _ 85-37. q-C, 2,, 83j, 923, 9 58. 11 9. 1 11, a 137, ;4. 2L2 25. 641 7 41, 933, 11 19. Sundays 825, 45, „ Only,6Saturdays excepted. to,,a3e 5---ienr,(l, -W )-6 0, '7O, 85, 9 40, 1125, I_s, 4"ro s'lo • •20 10 40. Sundays 80, 60. 10 40. Alsztel, 441ze. in 1, 12 35, 7203(L0rni07n5-r,o9ad),-7 15. 750. 9 25. " 9 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sunday 40. b Saturdays excepted. sallefiester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 1 20. 830, a 9 5. 930,._ 610 41. A 5 10 30,10 45, 11 30. 12 30, 12 45. 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4_.3.0, 8 ' . 6 38, 710. 830. 833.9 55, alo 59.11 O: 44Y5.1 slay , 15. 9 30. 10 40, 1 40, 202 5, 6 30, 8 16, a. _S 40. 21an Saturdays only. rtoomTewich-6 58 11 37. 2 42, 61. 7 1 0,9 6. 11 57. 3 20, 4 50, 657. Sundays 8 15,4 1 481 23. Ibz ,"'n-le-Willows —6 47 6 55. 7 30. 8 42, 924, 10 9. , 45, 1 6 cl 28 '1 30. 3 4 4 7. 4 58. 5 5. 5 49, 627, 730. 7 20, 119' 9 55, 118. 'Sundays' 830, 949, 1010, 355, 7 15, 1,54 5. cSaturdays Ihres .gat-7 51, 8.26 'lO9, 19. 517, 73 9 16. Sun- *. 5,, 11 20, 9 12. 4 -a2ll 8236, 550, 1047 9 35, 10 47 95 9 39, 1120, 1128, 241', Sundays' 2 11, 835. 3 15. 6 10, s aMonday *excepted. bMonday mornings only. 629 5 39, 9 19, 11 23, 12 2, 130, 256, 440, 540, 12 36 ev Our Penketto-6 51. 14 8 41. 927. 10 19. 11 24. 8 49138. 2 40, 3 44, 521. 5 40, 6 22, 726, 934. Sundays 7.9 15, 98 (C. 1.. C.) 4itti.:.‘“.eld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced 0. 20,455 6 ' Sundays 815. 55 pelens-6 25, 70, 8 2E, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 7 40, 05a. 4 46, 5 5, 9 5. *Saturdays only. 15, 6 10. 7 20. 90, 10 33, "1120. Sundays 5 2,6l;;VR,Pc'rt (Lord Street) 8 10, 9 0, 10 20. 11, 25, 10. 2 15, Qllll3 7 0,85 a 9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90, 25,80. aSatut- ' I,,ihvitll-8 9, 8 36, 9 28, 10 2, 11 13, 1 15, at 41, 29, 2 55, 2 29, 7605937. 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, - aSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted. 2 20, net' (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 859, 933.10 33.12 16,12 58,2 10, II 6.4 0, 5 0,5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6, Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59, 330. 3hes (Cheshire Lines) 8 30, 9 16. 109. 1112. 12 25, 1 27. 5 0 9 25, 4 25, 0 5 29' • 6 12 7 16, 7 56 925. Sundays 842, 136, 2. . s. . G 8 421.8, . 35. 613, 8 15, 931 1010, 11 23, 1215. w, It la. 8 10, 8 62, 10 30; •SuOdays 2 41, 9 30, 10 40.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL

INSTITUTE.

ANNUAL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

There was a fair attendance at the Museum Lecture Room, on Monday evening, when the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough) distributed the prizes and certificates , gained by the scholars of the Warrington Municipal Technical Institute Classes, during the past session. Mr. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., occupied the chair, and at the commencement said the numbers of students had increased,and the classes which failed last year had been successful in. the last examinations. He only regretted that the young people in the town did not take more advantage of the opportunity afforded them by the pro- vision of certain studies by the committee. He thought it would be little less than folly to continue paying for teachers unless there was a sufficient number of students, and he ventured to say that if there was a considerable number of students in the town who wished for any particular subject to be taught in the Institute, the committee were quite willing to consider any proposals with a view to meet the demand. With reference to the £6O scholarship given by the Lancashire County Council, he was glad to say that one of the School of Art students from Wigan—Mr. Millard—had been suc- cessful in winning it, being the fourth in the Warrington School of Art since the first offering of prizes. (Applause.) The students who had gone to Paris had done very well and he understood that Mr. Millard had also gone to Paris or would proceed there immediately. The SECRETARY (Mr. Madeley) in reading THE REPORT, said " In presenting a report on its third year's work. the Committee has again to record a material enlargement of its sphere of influence, and a satisfactory record of work done. A change in the regulations of the Educa- tion Department made it practicable for the Committee to undertake the management of the Evening Continua- tion School, which had been established by a voluntary committee in 1892, and the Technical Institute has now assunaed proportions which may be considered fairly complete, so far as organization is concerned. The total number of students who joined the schools during the session was 733, composed as follows :- 1885. 1893. 1892. Pchool of Ar+ • 157 . 160 School of Science CO atinuation School

733

Of these students, 12 were entrance sehgilars from the elementary day schools of the town, selected on the result of an examination held for the purpose, and 59 held scholarships granted by the Committee of the Institute on the result of the examinations at the end of the previous session. In addition, the fees of about 100 students were paid, wholly or in part, by the Warring- ton Co-operative Society. In all cases the assistance granted was conditional on regular attendance at the classes. For the instruction of this body of pupils some 92 classes were held weekly, under the charge of 30 teachers and assistants. The Committee-desires to re- cord the receipt from the Lancashire County Council of a special grant of £l5O for the purchase of apparatus, and from the Cheshire County Council the continuance of their capitation grant on Cheshire students attending the Institute. For 1893-4 the amount of this grant was £2B 10s. The sum of £2 2s. sd. was received from the former Committee of the Continuation School as a dona- tion towards a prize fund. The Committee is indebted to the Co-oberative Society for the loan of tables, and to Mr. F. W. Monks for his kindness in providing an oxy- hydrogen lantern for lectures on several occasions. The Committee desires also to record its satisfaction at the continued good service rendered by Air. Aylward, and the other teachers of the Institute.

SCHOOL OF ART. The number of students who entered the School of Art in 18934 was 157, being three 4ess than in the previous session. The attendance at the classes was good, the number keeping up a steady average all through the winter, and the result of good work appeared at the ex- aminations. The number of papers worked, and the passes gained both show an increase over each of the two previous years :- 1891. 1893. 1892. Papers wonted at Examinations 282 ... 247 ... 269 Pa,ses gained 152 ... 140 ... 125 Number of Students in School The number of students sending up advanced work to South Kensington for the National Competition was the same as last year,viz., 25,and the number of works sent up was greater, but the successes were not so numerous. Works by eleven students were accepted as part of the qualification for the higher certificates, and five were awarded" full marks," and prizes of the value of 103. each, viz.:—Richard Daintith, Albert E. Hislop, John Millard, Herbert Pierpoint, Stanley Pierpoint.—Albert E. Hissop and John Millard were also entitled to claim Free Studentships for the following session. Several students, having completed the course, and passed the several examinations required, have gained the higher certificates, which give qualification to teach under the Science and Art Department as follows: Elementary Drawing Certificate (Ist class), which is the qualification required to teach in Elementary Schools :—Katie Brundrett, E. M. Swanwick. Art Class Teachers' Certificate :—Helen Cooper, John Millard. As before. the Committee offered scholarships on the general results of the examination work. Eight elementary and five advanced scholarships were awarded to the following students, the value in each case being equal to the cost of Evening Instruction for a Session. Elementary Stage :—Minnie Burton, John Dolan, 'Nellie Fowler, Harry Hedgecock, Eva S. Lees, Kathleen M. Picton, Katherine A. Swan wick, Frank Warburton. Advanced Stage:—Albert E. Flislop, Frederick Pod-- more, Hilda L. Slater, Eleanor Spinks, Edith M. Swan wick. Several students entered the annual competition for scholarships and exhibitions in art, offered by the Lan- cashire County Council, and the following awards were gained :—County Exhibition : Herbert Pierpoint. County Scholarship (260 a year, renewable for three years), John Millard. Mr. Millard, following the example of his predecessors who have gained this valu- able prize, and having obtained the consent of the County Council, is now studying at Paris. Mr. Oswald Garside, who gained his County Scholarship last year, is also at Paris • pursuing his second year's course. Mr. Woodier, a scholar of 1892, is now in his third yea.r.and has mewed to London from Paris. and is working at the I National Art Training School at South Kensington. Mr. Dooley, who is also in his third year, is in Antwerp, having gained admission by competitive examination to the important Government School of Art there. The annual exhibition of students' work was held in the Museum a week after Easter, when a new departure was made by the inclusion of work by former stu- I dents of the school. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, AND CO7,I3IFIRCE. In the syllabus of the third session of the School of Science the changes were very slight. The only quite new subject introduced was music, class being suc- cessfully formed for the teaching of tlia theory of music and singing. A slaort course of lecture on analysis was delivered to the students of practical °chemistry ; and the arithmetic class was arranged sn as to give more prominence to technical arithmetic and mensuration. All the other classes of the previous session remained on the programme, with the exception of cookery, which

was transferred to the Continuation School. Two classes (Physics and Mathematics : Stage IL) were dis- continued for want of a sufficient number of entries. A class for Elementary Teachers of the County of Chester was provided, as before, at the request of the Cheshire County Council. The number of students ssho entered shows a decrease, although but a slight one.as compared with the previous year, the total being 379, as against 385, and 593 in the first session. The number of class entries was, however, rather larger, being 627, as against 604, and 598 in the first session, being distributed as follows :- 1893-4 1892-3 1891-2 Science Technical ana MnualClaSses Commercial Subjects Music

627 604

The decrease in the Commercial Classes is related to the increase in the Continuation School, where,to some extent, the same suhjects are taught. Ihe results at the examinations were fullv up jto those of last year. For the commercial examinations of the Union of Lanca- shire and Cheshire Institutes there was a greater num- ber of entries, and a larger proportion of passes, than last year. In the comnaerci rl examinations the number of papers worked was. 1894, 170 ; 1893, 108 ' • 1892, 186 ; number of passes, 1894, 88; 1893, 73 ; and 1892, 111, respec- tively. In the science examinations of the Science and Art Department the results were variable, the general effect being that in the advanced stage candidates did better, but in the elementary stage worse, than last year. Compared with a number of other schools in this dis- trict, our elementary candidates just reached the aver- age, whilst the advanced candidates were above it. The science examinations showed the number of papers worked as, 1894, 174 ; 1893. 168 ; number of passes, 1894, 71 ; and 1893, 82 respectively. Four members of the iron and steel class sat for the examination of the City and Guilds of London Institute, when three were successful in passing in the ordinary grade, one of whom (Henry Hope) was awarded the bronze medal of the Institute and the third prize (value 20s. given by the Ironmongers' Company. The om-c mittee has pleasure in recording the continued sucessc of this, which is so far the only class which it has been found practicable to establish in connection with any specially local industry. In the examination of City and Guilds of London In- stitute (Iron and Steel), the number of papers worked was, 1894, 4 ; 1893,3 ; number of passes, 1894, 3; and 1893, 3. Under the rules laid down by the committee each first class obtained at the examinations by a student of the School of Science entitles the holder to a scholar- ship, value ss. to 155.. for the elementary or advanced stage respectively. Sixty-two scholarships were in con- sequence awarded on the result of the examination being known. Summer Term.—A third term was pro- vided as before for the dressmaking class, and also far the Spanish and French classes. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. It arranging the syllabus of the Continuation School for the Session, several new subjects were added, with the view of providing more effectively for that one of the objects of the school, which consists in preparing students for the School of Science. The most important addition was a class in'the Elements of Chemistry, which was held in the lecture-room at the School of Science, and which was a very popular class. A class in Theoretical Mechanics was also provided, but it was announced as an afterthought in place of geo- graphy, for which there were no entries, and so its numbers remained small. Cookery was given as an or- dinary for girls, with only moderate success as regards entries, although, as usual with this subject, most of those who did join became very much interested in the work. The number of students who joined during the session was 197, as against 146 the previous year. To encourage regular attendance the Committee offered prizes of books of certain values, the selection being made by the scholars, each for himself, to all who made a certain number of attendances. Fifty pupils qualified for these prizes, which were presented to the successful candidates at the commencement of the present session by Mr. Thomas Morris, at the request of this Commit- tee. A number of the students entered for the Elemen- tary Examination of the Union of Lancashire and Che- shire Institutes,and on the results of these examinations Institute Scholarships were given as follows :—One Scholarship, value 10s., tenable at School of Science : Mary Carpenter. Ten Scholarships, value 7s. 6d., ten- able at Continuation School, with one class in School of Science: T. Longshaw, W. Parker, Susannah Penny, Sarah Horobin, Edith Gill, T. Gandy, U. Gandy, H. Greene, Florence M'Garty, J, Barton. Two Scholarships, value 55., tenable in Continuation School : Annie Bas- ketter, Ella London. On the conclusion of the Session, the report received from the Education Department on the work of the Continuation School was as follows "The school has been efficiently conducted, and given excellent preparation for pupils passing to the Techni- cal School ." At the same time the highest grant allowed was granted for all subjects taught in the School. The Science and Art Department which examines the draw- ing, classed the instruction as " Excellent," and also awarded the highest grant."

===== 0002601_18950119_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE SECRET OP HEALTH.'

===== 0002601_18950119_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LEVER BROTHERS, Lima, LIFEBUOY ROYAL DISINI REPORT.

Sunlight, neat Birkenhead, have received Ow nccompanying Renart on --,4p from Dr. Karl Enoch. Claemisch, Hyg ichns Inbritut, Harn%urg.

tivated germs or mi- crobes (Bacillus), in each case a certshi exact time being lowed for tile operation; and thus the cepac:.cy 01 this soap for destroy- ing the various live and growing germs ma, proved. TUE P.I3SULTS

The examination of the sample of Liiebuoy Royal Disinfectant Soap' furnished to me by Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, of Port Sunlight, Eng. land, gives the follow. Big results as to Its action as a disinfectant. Solutions of I, 2 and s per cent. of Lifebuoy Royal Disinfectant Soap In water were made. These so:utions were brought to bear on m a variety of clean cul. 4"6"01 2.—The operation of 'this soap on the Cholera Microbes was very remarkable, and showed this s.ap to be in the highest degree a disintectant. These were tal:en front person, who hal eied of Chef, -a In Hamburg, and showed a result as follows: - a per cent. mhture, Cholera Microbes were dead within 13 calatitzs. With the s per cent. same were dead within s minutes.' 3.—The Diphtheria Microbes were_hilied after 2 hours with the s per cent. solution. 4.—The per cent. solution was tried on fresh Carbuncle germs, end the rcsuit,showed the Microbe life- was entirely extinct after 4 hours*. From the foregoing experiments It will be seen that the Lifebuoy Royal Disinftctant So*, • a powerful disinfectant and exterminator of the various germs and of disease. (Signed) KARL. ENOCH.' Vann:- tiwiert. Inst.,-,Fletritourp;

were as fellows:—

t.—Th o,'tr'te I'.

phoici .V.icruue.., !LI 5

AN ANTISEPTIC: da c,^rt- solectlen, tra DISINFECVJTL dca.l ithn 2hour;.

k ited, Port o iFECTANT SOAP frm .. 1.... r vitt W Pa t - •cA'" :- uh;

..g.iji2r ,A.i C , OYAb , c7,73,,cf, . .t.-. r"----,-- ~..-0- sg.bvi--............ i.f,- e et.,:i•,‘.- c\..4. ti),-„,„ 41-1,---174%) 0 A ,i,c „,„ .:...,.4.;.4:,,,..7-4,4,-...,1,2, Jaw.„..-tm mu 41-_,....\,,,-,,c:

TISINFECT,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
I.IIE EXASIINEE, SATURDAY JANUARY 19 1895.

THE OLD BARRACKS..

..... At the conclusion of the report the Chairman ex- pressed his appreciation of the public spirit of the Mayor in purchasing the old barracks which had been used for some years as a part of the school for technical train- ing. -(Applause.) Whatever opinion may have ex- isted as to the value of the purchase, he believed it was a valuable acquisition to the town, and if anyone had the idea that it could be purchased for less money, they had better disabuse themselves of that idea as soon as possible. They now felt more settled than they had for some time, and he hoped that they might soon set about making the building more suitable for its uses. He had great pleasure in asking the Mayor to distribute the prizes. His WORSHIP thanked the Technical Schools Corn- mittee for the honour they had done him in having asked him to distribute the prizes. In his younger days they did not hear much about technical schools. He then presented the prizes, with a few commendatory words to each recipient. LIST OF PRIZES.

The following is the prize list : Walter Allen, Ist Advanced Practical Chemistry, Institute Scholarship, 10s. ; Edward Davies, let Advanced Practical Chemistry,Scholarship,los.; Wm. J. Ball, Elementary Pass Theoretical Chemistry, Ist Advanced Building Construction, Institute Scholarship 155., teachers' class prize (already presented) for Build- ing Construction.; Thomas P. Cargill, Elemetary Pass Theoretical Chemistry, Elementary Pass Practical Chemistry, Ist ordinary Iron and Steel, and qualifying subjects, Scholarship va1ue,153.; Caroline F.Humphreys, 2nd Advanced Physiology, Ist Advanced Hygiene, Institute Scholarship, 10s. (Advanced) ; Thomas D. Amos, Ist Advanced Practical Chemistry, 2nd Advanced Theoretical Chemistry, Institute Scholarship, 10s.; Advanced ; Henry Hope, Ist Ordinary Iron and Steel bronze medal of City and Guilds' Institute, 3rd prize, 20s. (Ordinary -Stage) given by Iron monger's Company, and Institute Scholarship ss. John Molyneux, Ist Honours Practical Chemistry, 2nd Advanced Theoretical Chemistry ; Sophia L. Hatton, 2nd

Elementary Light and Shade brawino., Ist Advanced Model Drawing; Hilda L. Slater, 2nd Elementary, 2nd Advanced Light and Shade, Ist Elementary, 2nd Advanced Model Drawing, 2nd Elementary, let Advanced Freehand, and Institute Scholarship (Advanced) ; Frederick Podmore, 2nd Elementary, Ist Advanced Light and Shade, Ist Advanced Model Draw- ing, and Institute Scholarship (Advanced) ; Katie Brun- drett, Ist Elementary Light and Shade, 2nd Elementary Perspective, and Elementary Drawing Certificate (Ist class) ; Eleanor Spinks, Excellent, Painting Still Life, Institute Scholarship (Advanced) ; Richard Daintith, Prize, 2nd Elementary Design; Herbert Pierpoint, Prize, 2nd Elementary Principles of Ornament ; Edith M. Swanwick, 2nd Advanced Light and Shade, let Advanced Freehand, let Advanced Model Drawing, Elementary Drawing Certificate (Ist Class), Institute Scholarship (Advanced) ; Helen Cooper, Ist Elementary Model Drawing, Ist Advanced Freehand, let Elementary Perspective, Art Class Teacher's Certificate, Advanced Institute Scholarship, and Elementary Drawing Certi- ficate (Ist Class) ; Stanley Pierpoint, 2nd Elementary Principles of Ornament, 2nd Drawing from Antique,2nd Painting in Monochrome, 2nd Architecture, let Drawing from Life, and Prize 103. National Competition ; Albert E. Hislop, Ist Advanced Model Drawing, 2nd Elemen- tary Principles of Ornament, Prize, Science and Art De- partment, Free Studentship Science and Art Depart- ment, £lO Exhibition Lancashire County Council, and Institute Scholarship (Advanced); John Millard, Ist Advanced Freehand, Ist Advanced Light and Shade, Ist Advanced Model Drawing, 2nd Elementary Principles of Ornament, 2nd Drawing from Antique, 2nd Advanced Design, Ist Elementary Perspective, Ist Painting Still Life, Ist Painting in Monochrome, Ist Architecture, Prize Book (National Competition) 103., Free Student, Art Class Teacher's Certificate, £6O Scholarship for three years (Lancashire County Council). Councilior SHAW-GREEN in proposing the best thanks of the meeting to the Mayor for his presence and distri- buting the prizes, said that the increase in the number of prizes fully justified the committee in taking over the School of Art. They had won four of the Scholarships given by the Lancashire County Council and they had been well helped by their chairman,who had at heart the welfare of the institute, and they had a very able secre- tary. The whole town, he thought, would be well satis- fied with what they had done, and the number of scholarships given showed that the committee were in earnest. _ _ .

Mr. C. S. BURGESS seconded the motion. Mr. MONKS endorsed all that had been said, and said it was always a matter of great pleasure to him to see the Mayor taking his full share of the intellectual work of the town as well as the municipal. They were also glad to see the Mayoress. The MAYOR suitably responded to the vote and in addition proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the eood work he had done in connection with the Technical School.—The hearty accordance of this last vote brought the proceedings to a fitting close. _

===== 0002601_18950119_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DARING BURGLARY AT SA.NKEY

BRIDGES.

BURGLARS IN A BEDROOM. A burglary of a daring nature was committed during the early hours of Monday, at Gatewharf Farm, Sankey Bridges, the house of Mr. Benjamin Grimshaw. There I were evidently two burglars at work, and their mode of operations showed that they were experienced hands. They obtained admittance by breaking a pane in the lower sash of the window of the back kitchen, and then pulled back the catch, and opened the top sash. The bottom sash had been secured by a patent catch, so that it was impossible to open that. After entering the kitchen the burglars proceeded to the pantry which they ransacked,and took a few coppers, a loaf, 61bs. of meat, and some sausages. They then evidently proceeded to the sitting-room of Mr. R. B. Matthews, the chairman of Little Sankey Parish Council, and made an examina- tion of every drawer and also Mr. Matthews' clothes, creating great confusion. They did not snowed in find- ing any money, but they took possession of a silver watch belonging to Mr. Matthews. Mr. Grimshaw's bedroom was also visited by one of the burglars, but Mrs. Grimshaw hearing the " click" which the door made on being opened 'looked round, and saw the man just about to rifle the clothes of Mr. Grimshaw, which contained a gold watch valued £3O and also £8 153. 3d. in cash. She screamed and woke her husband who at once gave chase, but the burglars had left the doors open to allow of their speedy exit,and on going through banged the doors after them, which prevented Mr. Grimshaw from catching them, and they thus escaped. Mr. Grimshaw and Mr. Matthews at once went for the police, who were soon on the spot. Upon examining the house, Mrs. Grimshaw's writing desk and a silver flask belonging to Mr. Matthews, valued £4. were found ready for taking away but the burglars ha not had time to take them. The dog was also found a- sleep in an outhouse,and it had evidently been drugged Later on in the day, a valuable silk muffler was also discovered to be missing, and it is probable that this was used to pack the missing provisions in. A few coppers were found during Monday by P.S. Devlin, and Mr. Edmunds, news agent, which appeared to have been lost by the burglars, and also a sherry bottle which had been broken owing to one of them falling over a barrow in his flight. The footsteps of the men were traced in the snow to the river, but here all traces were lost in the grass. The burglar who entered Mr. Grimshaw's bedroom was very distinctly seen by Mrs. Grimshaw owing to a paraffin stove being lighted at the time, and she says that she would be able to identify him again.

FOUR INQUESTS AT WARRINGTON.

BURNING FATALTIES AND FATAL FALLS.

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held inquests' at the Parade room en Wednesday morning, on the bodies of Annie Bibby, six years of age, 132, School Brow, and Thomas Jackson, four years, 97 Cartwright-st., War- rington. both of whom had died on the 12th inst., at the Infirmary, from burning injuries. In the first case Mrs.Bibby,wife of Joseph Bibby,plas- terer, 132, School Brow, commenced the evidence by stating that the deceased Annie Bibby, was her daugh- ter, and six years old. On Saturday the 12'h inst., de- ceased left her home about five minutes to 10 a.m. and went to witness's sister's house. Half-an-hour later witness received word that her daughter had got burnt. Witness went to her sister's house and on seeing her daughter, fell unconscious, and did not see the deceased again until at the Infirmary, when deceased, though conscious, could net explain how the accident; hap- pened.—Alice Backhouse, sister of last witness, and re- , siding at 24, Manchester-road, said on Saturday morn- ing, deceased came to her house at 10 a.m., and went upstairs with two of witness's children. The room they had gone to contained a large fire. Shortly after, ahe heard the children scream, and running upstairs she saw deceased in flames and told her little boy to wrap his coat round deceased. Returning far assistance, witness fell downstairs. She got up and told a man who was passing that a child was on fire up-stairs and he ran into the room and put the fire on deceased's clothes, out. Witness's daughter said that deceased had got a chip out of the fire and in doing so, her clothes caught fire.---James Threadgold, said that on Saturday morning he was passing last witness's house when he was called in, and rendered assistanee by wrapping a carpet round the deceased and extinguishedi the flames. The child was then taken to the Infirmary. I —Miss Isherwood, nurse at the Warrington Infirmary, ' deposed that deceased was admitted to the Infirmary, on Saturday morning about 11 o'clock, suffering from severe burns on the neck, arms and body. There was no hope of recovery from the first, and deceased died about four o'clock in the afternoon. A verdict was returned of" Accidental death." Martha Jackson, wife of Thomas Jackson, bricksetter, 97. Cartwright-street, Warrington, and mother of deceased, Th - --as Jackson, was the first witness in the second case. Deceased was four years old and on Saturday the 12th,inst.,she was upstairs dressing herself when deceased went down into the kitchen before her. A moment later she heard him scream and running down found him in flames. He was eonscious and said that he was leaning over the fire to get some cinders when his shirt caught fire. The next door neighbour came in and assisted in freeing deceased of his clothes. Deceased was taken to the Infirmary.--Elizabeth Hill, neighbour of last witness, corrobbrated, and said that she herself took the ,deceased to the Infirmary.—Miss Allen, nurse at the Infirmary, was present when deceased died there at a quarter to two in the afternoon. In this case also there was no chance of deceased's re- covery,and the burns were very severe about deceased's chest, arms, and face.—The same verdict of " Acci- dental death" was returned by the jury.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

CURLING Marcu.—On Saturday a curling match was played on the private lake at Beechwood between High Legh and Beechwood curlers. At the c,al of time Beechwood had won by 22 shots. An excellent luncheon was provided for all the players on the ice by Mr. G. L. Dewhurst. .

NEWFIELD INSTETIITE.—The weekly entertainment ' was held in the Newfield Institute on Saturday night. Mr. T. P. Norris presided, and there was a good at- tendance. The entertainnvnt was of an excellent character, and songs, mandoline and guitar solos, Stc., were given by the following :—Messrs. Myrtle and Parker, Mrs. Ridgway, and the Misses Cookson, Lane, Grundy, Swanwick, and Morris. " EiscuzLoa's VIEW OF NOME LIFE."—On Monday night, the Rev. J. Wagstaffe, Northwich, gave a highly interesting and racy 'lecture to the members of the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement society on a " Bachelor's view of home life." The lecturer's graphic description of various homes and their inmates WAS marked by humour. pathos, and strong practical commonsense. and was keenly enjoyed by the audience. Mr. James Dodds presided. Hearty votes of thanks to lecturer and chairman concluded a thoroughly enjoyable evening. BEGGING AT Bnoom EDGE.—At the Lymm Police Court on Tuesday morning, before Mr. A. watkin, Michael Jordon, a tramp, was charged with begging at Broo m Edge on the previous afternoon. P.C. Sandbach proved the case, and Sergeant Garner stated the man had been begging at several houses in the district. He was a egular " bird of the road."—He was sent to gaol for even days. „

===== 0002601_18950119_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

The Mayor opened the proceedings of the Town- Council on Tuesday evening last week,with the an- nouncement that he had received two corn munica tions—one from Mrs.Voisey acknowledging the vote ojcondolence passed at the previous meeting upon the death of her husband, and the other from the Warrington Property Owners Association. He did not state the nature of the communication from the singularly modest and retiring Property Owne Association, but suggested that the docume rs should be handed over—shall we say for inter- ment ?—to the General Purposes Committee, and this was assented to nem. con The minutes of the Watch Committee were.passed without incident, except that Councillor Beaman remarked upon the dangers of unlighted milk carts in the streets at night.

The Chairman r he Finance Committee, Coun- cillor Shaw Green, gave some interesting informa- tion relating t financial matters in moving the adoption of the committee's minutes. The commit- tee is about to take advantage of the " cheap " money that is now in the market by paying off the mnnicipal mortgages which are bearing a higher rate of interest than three per cent.' and replacing them by others on a lower scale of in- terest. The committee, it seems, has other pro- jets in hand for reforming the finance of the borough but—one thing at a time. Councillor Smethurst did not like the proposal to annually increase the salaries of the collectors, till a maximum sum was reached and he sarcastically argued that this was not the way pri- vate employers dealt with their servants, though the Mayor intormed him that it was the method adopted in most large concerns. The minutes of the Committee were approved.

ThelStreet Improvement and Lighting Commit tee are taking steps towards making new bye-laws for the regulatiOn of building and street-making, and Councillor Bennett took advantage of the opportunity to 'put in a plea for wider streets. He spoke a shade disre- spectfully of ,Warrington streets,characterising some of them as more like rabbit-warrens than streets. Councillor Bennett anticipates a glowing future for Warrington—when the Ship Canal gets thoroughly going and the docks are made. He thinks that Warringtonians are hardly living up to their pros- pects, for while they censure their ancestors for making narrow roadways. they commit the same blunder themselves. A street sixty feet wide is Councillor Bennett's ideal.

The Health Committee are also, on the recom- mendation of the Local Government Board, about to amend their bye-laws for the purpose of improv- ing the sanitation of the town,and the amendments I will apparently have special reference to milk dealers. In moving the adoption of this com- mittee's minutes Aid. Sutton imparted the'agree- , able information that Warrington is just now in an unusually heathy state. The death-rate has lately I been lower than ever before in the present century. The infant mortality had also been lower than at any time during th 3 last thirty or forty years, while on the other hand the birth-rate was high. On the subject of an inquiry into the question of a public abattoir, Alderman Sutton assured the Council that nothing would be done towards estab- lishing an abattoir without the sanction of the Council. Councillor Roberts thought the Corpora- tion, and particularly the Health and Sanitary Works Committee, were to be congratulated upon the results of many years labour as seen in the improved health of the town. In fact, he suggested • that Warrington might before long be figuring as a residential borough, a suggestion which caused some little amusement. Councillor Bennett urged that while the subject of revised bye-laws was under consideration the provision of open spaces in different parts of the borough should not be lost sight of. As for the abattoir, he believed ' the butchers were opposed to it, and their wishes should not be ignored.

In moving the minutes of the Sanitary Commit- tee, Councillor Monks commented upon the defec- tive manner in which some of the machinery at Longford had been constructed, and Councillor Heaton, when submitting the business of the Pav- ing and Sewerage Committee, claimed that that committee in looking after the paving of hack pas- sages and streets had had something to do with the improved health of the borough. The proposal of the Town Hall Committee to increase the grant to the bands from £2O to ..£5O a year seemed to meet with the approval of the Council, espe- cially after the Mayor had intimated that in the coming summer the bands would not confine their performances to the Park, but also play in the open spaces of the town. There was some talk upon the report of the Committee that the stables at. the Town Hall could not be con- verted into suitable offices, but no conclusions were come to.

The main business of the meeting was then reached, namely, the recommendation of the Markets Committee to purchase the old milita barracks near Bank Quay Station for the proposes of a cattle market. Alderman Black- h urst, on behalf of the Committee, set the ball roll- ing by enumerating the advantages of the purchase. A formidable opposition was soon developed, Coun- cillor Cannell leading the way. The Councillor was alarmed at the spread of municipal socialism in Warrington. The Corporation had been acquiring property all round the town and yet here was a pro- posal to buy another substantial chunk. Councillor Heaton and Alderman Francomb followed on the same side, the latter stating that he understood the barracks had been already purchased on behalf of the Corporation. The Mayor here interposed that he had purchased the property and if the Corpora- tion would not take it he was quite willing to keep it. Councillor Skelton quoted figures to show that the barracks as a cattle market could not possibly pay its way, while Councillor Plumpton hold that the purchase would be a very good bargain indeed. Alderman Hutchinson displayed unusual oratorical powers in opposing the scheme. He enlarged upon the general unsuitability of the barracks for the purposes it Was intended to put them to—upon the defective sewerage of that part of the town, the insanitary construction of the barracks cottages, and he displayed more than a parental solicitude for the welfare of scholars who attend People's College and Trinity Schools, whose health and limbs he declared would be jeopardised by the removal of the cattle fair. It was a long harangue and rather surprised the Council. It can hardly be said that the Alderman was fluent or particularly eloquent, but it must be admitted that he did dis- play a kind of dogged pertinacity and an invincible determination to get to the very end. It was now quite clear that there was a strong opposition to the making of the barracks into a cattle market, and Councillor Roberts suggested that the barracks should be bought as proposed but that the question of utilising it for a cattle market should be left over , for further consideration. This was agreed to by Alderman Blackhurst, and on a vote being taken the proposal was carried by fifteen votes to thir- teen. The Council has, therefore, decided to pur- chase the barracks, but has not yet sanctioned its use as a cattle market.

The rest of the business wag quickly disposed of. Councillor Roberts mentioned that the opinion of Mr. Pembroke Stephens. Q C., had strengthened the hands of the Rivers Committee in its dealing with the Ship Canal Company. In regard to the Fire Engine Committee, Alderman Hutchinson denied that it was necessary for a person who rang the fire bell to nigh tothe fire engine station and sign a document before the fire engine would turn out— at least so far as fires in the borough "were con- cerned. As far as our country cousins are concerned they have to sign 8. paper to make themselves liable for expenses before the brigade will go to their assistance.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MRS. BLOOMER.

Mrs. Amelia J. Bloumer, the advocate of thei Bloomer costnme. died on the last day of the old fear at Council Bluffs, lowa, at the age of seventy-seven. The costume which went by her name was first worn by Mrs. Bloomer in 1849. It resembled male attire.hei no' an onen-fronted jacket and loose trousers, the latter wide, like those of the Turk, but gathered in at the ankles. The Bloomer dress was adontecl by a few women in the West-end of London in 1851, but, though recommended by ROMP American ladies in popular lectures, it was soon totally discontinued.

BR WISE Ix 'ilia! Sufferers from Gr.yet, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Fist*, Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladder Rtone, Sciatica, Rheumatism an4l Gout will find a positive Owe in liolrovd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. 1-d. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HoLunrP's Medical Gall, Checkheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If. Ton cannot get them write to the'Pr'prietor and a boxmiltte, , sent next post.—Ads, •'• • ••• 4

===== 0002601_18950119_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AT

===== 0002601_18950119_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRINGTON.

The debate which was opened by members of the I.L.P. Warrington branch,at the Debating Society on Wednesday, last week, proved to be a most interesting one. The I.L.P. was present in full force, and speedily made their presence known by iloudly cheering their own side, and I am sorry to say, by hissing at the other side. This was a breach of "debating etiquette" which was naturally warmly censured. Mr. Gee, who introduced the subject, has evidently, got the whole subject at his finger ends, and he only appeared to be at a loss to keep his remarks within the bounds ot the prescribed time. Probably the best speech on the side of the I.L.P. was that of Mr. Ball, who should develop into a good speaker. Mr. Brouchemite was a shade too wild for serious consideration. When he accuses every rich man of being either a thief or the son of a thief—well, he gets "off-side," to use a footballer's expression. The I.L.P.'rs did not, my by means, have it all their own way, as effective speeches on the other side were made by Messrs. Horton, Gandy, Ains- worth and Hall.

Lovers of scenery and pretty views could not do better than take a walk through the country while the frost lasts, and some very pretty effects from frozen foliage will be observed. In all directions, huge trees, bushes, &c., will be seen drooping grace- fully under the accumulated weight of hoar-frost. Iron railings have increased almost ,twice in thick- ness, while the telegraph wires resemble " taut " ropes more than anything else. Though the days are dull, amateur photographers will do well to walk abroad and take a few choice snapshots of the glistening foliage, before the opportunity is gone.

The Board of Guardians were not long in decid- ing on Wednesday last week, who were to be their chairman, and vice- chairmen, for they elected the old officers in too. As another election of :officers willbe necessary in April, it was, indeed, scarcely worth while to make a change for that short time. Conse- quently the feeling that Messrs. W. Houghton, Davies and Pilling, should be re-elected, was per- fectly unanimous. Mrs. Clay received a hearty I welcome when she entered the Board room, where she was introduced to the members by Mr.Dignum. She made her " maiden" speech on the question of appointing a ladies' committee, and—this ques- tion, being the occasion of the first division or the Board—she was on the winning side.•

The recent elections have caused a great change in the personnel of the Board, and several of the new members give prothise of speedily coining to the front. The Rev. J. H. Riddette will be in no way a silent member, but Mr. Jacob Billinge who with Mr. Riddette, hails from Haydock. quite astonished the Board with his oratory. 11r. Bil- linge has a very denunciatory style of speaking. He , has a plentiful supply of adjectivest,and he accom- panies them with plenty of gesticulation, and gives all:the emphasis of a voice which would fill the new Public Hall with ease, let alone the small Board-room at the Workhouse. Mr. Billinge will make his mark on the Board of Guardians, and I am glad of this because he is on the progressive side.

The negotiations between the Warrington Cor- poration and the Manchester Ship Canal areinow in an advanced state, although for obvious reasons,the re ;ults are not given to the world at large. I hear that on Monday afternoon, the Ship Canal directors and the Rivers Committee will meet at the Town Hall to discuss the matter. It is to be hoped that the Rivers Committee will obtain some substantial concessions from the Company. Could they not pursuade the Company to commence the docks forthwith?

I am glad to hear that there is a prospect of work for a large number of people in one of the large works of the town. I understand that an order for cable has lately been received, which will probably last for two years. This is good news indeed, and it is to be hoped that it is only the first of good numbers of similar orders. Most of the large works in the town have not, I believe, been very busy for some time past, and a few large orders would be a very acceptable New Year's gift.

NIERLIN.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHELFORD RAILWAY DISASTER

RESUMED INQUEST.

Mr. Yates, the coroner for East Cheshire, resumed on Friday his inquiry into the circumstances of the disaster which occurred on the L. and N.-W. Railway at Chelford, on December 22nd, by which 13 persons were killed and many injured. Major Marindin, the Board of Trade inspector, sat as assessor,the officials of the company watched the proceedings, and the relatives of deceased were legally represented. John Hyde, stationmaster at Chelford, said he accepted the responsibility for shunting operations. Au empt) waggon was thrown into the up line four-foot as tha express approached. It was a o ,ugh night. He was fully cognizant of the rule applying to shunting.—The Coroner having summed up, the jury returned a verdict of " Accidendal death," and recommended that the com- pany should arrange for shunting to cease when ex- presses were due.

STOP )NE MOMENT. X

"Oh dear, Doctor. that van you recommend for my Children's Coughs sad Cods?" TEL

ffi r UDOR Vll ILLIANIS"

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure fur disorders of the Chest Throat, and Longs. It never fails to gi's instant relief and does not contain Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia.

ECONOMISE,' YOUR HEALTII. HEALTH IS Ilia FIRST WEALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation, wall are especially e,:posed to the ever varying climate or Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME Don't tamper with Danger h.lt go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF RONEY.

IT Is INVALUIBLE for W.-Cc-chested men, delicate , women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis. Asthma. Tightness of the , Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitls and Whooping C Jughs. It cures LI: One Shilling when Pounds - have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT

If you have a Cough, try it; IZ you have a Cold, try It ; it you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces wlrmt:i arl comfort to the ' chest, and gives refreshing sleep when yuuh we lost nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PRECAUTIONS AGAINST THE FREEZ- ING OF WATER PIPES.

It is only moderately well-built houses warmed by ordinary hearth fires it is not easy to maintain a tem- derate of more than ten degrees Fahr. higher than that of the external air, and as more than ten degrees of frost have best' registered upon the screen there is fear of frost entering the dwelling. The following sugges- tions have been issued to prevent the disagreeable oc- currence of water pipes :—L During the frosty weather burn a gas jet in the cistern-room and bathroom in the night (and if the frost is very severe, during the day also), closing up the fireplace, door, window, and all crevices. 1. Draw a little water off occa- sionally from each of the taps, in order to see if the water runs. 3. So long as the hot water will run, keep a good fire in the kitchen and make it up last thing every evening so as to keep it in all night. 4. If the hot water will not run, leave all the taps open (tempor- arily). See that there is very little fire in the kitchen grate, and get a plumber to thaw the pipes ; this, if at- tended to, may prevent a bur. s.—lf the pipes get frozen up and cannot be thawed, there will be no danger in keeping a very small fire in the kitchen, taking care to place apiece ot iron at the back of the grate to block up the boiler hole ; this is better than putting the fire out, as the slight heat prevents the boiler from getting frozen up. 6. If the bath taps in either cistern should be frozen up, thaw them with boiling water, breaking the ice in the cistern, if any. 7. If a burst occur, be- fore sending for a plumber turn the stop-tap off, and open all the taps.

TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE Atli for IV take T 0 WLE'SCHLOkODYNE I EDIATE'LIr ' OWLESC IcILORO DYNE RELIEVES , To WLE'SCHLORODYNE COUGHS, Tow-LET HL°R°DYNEBRONICsm. TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE ‘.,,,Nstimprzo2G: OWLE'SCHLOROpYNE THM di TO WLE'SOHLORODYNE DIA-EzzacA. T 0 WLE'SCHLORO DYNE SPASMS, 131 el. per Bottle:'. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INTERESTING CHAPTER OF

WARRINGTON HISTORY.

All old Warringtonians will appreciate and he interested in the following report, which carries us back a period if 50 years, and the subject dealt with below wi no doubt be remembered by many. On Sunday evening last week the members of the Golborne-st.Baptist Chapel were convened to attend a special church meeting,the object of which was to receive at the bands of Mr. B. Few, deacon, and Mr. Fernley, secretary, a magnificent service of com- munion plate, which they, on behalf of the church, had received from Mrs. Morris, Southport, niece of the late Mr. J. B. Edelsten, and from whose exe- cutors the church at Golborne-st. purchased their property some 20 years ago, and in wboseposses- sion the plate had been. The service, which con- sists of five pieces, and is a valuable and handsOme- one, has been, by the kindness of Mrs. Morris, put into thorough repair and renovated as when new. Its chief value .is in its associations, for it is the same service which was used by The church wor- shipping in the same building in the earlier part of its history, having been bought and presented by the late Mrs. Edelsten to the church meeting there in 1852, under the ministry of the Rev. Mr. Hart- land. The building, which was built in the year 1811. has had a somewhat chequered career,and has been in turn the meeting places of several different denominations,passed, about the year 1851,into the hands of the late Mr. J. B. Edelsten, from.whose executors it was purchased by the church now occupying it in the year 1876. At the time the Baptists took possession of the building Mrs. 'Weis- ten. who has recently passed away, expressed a desire that at some future time the service migilt again be brought into use in the old "Salem" chapel, and in accordance with her desire, after a lapse of at least 40 years, the communion plate was . Again brought into use on Sunday evening last. Naturally, the plate was • an object of _admiration, id:if:Utmost, Len-light be said, of veneration.

7,.!P0r the pot quarter ot a century ' there as been a omtinuous flow of letters bearing testimony to th. truly wonderful cures effected by CLARK'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD NfIXTURR, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema,-Bad Legs, Skin and Blold Diseo6eB Pimples, and Sores of any kind. are solicited to give it al4lll to test its value. Sold everywhere.. at 2s. 9d per b ottle I Beware of worthless imitations end subslPutes.—Adrt. (6)

I

4, A

~ ' c -

";?'

Ebt " Crammer " •Oertrt

—.—.-- ' -------....---- PlOSP2.2l.6L'Arlibiers. aoniing under th, following heads are inserted in ALL the I above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scaie given below. SITIJA.TioNB WANTED, JAPARTNENNTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSEIPS WAS ED, APARTMENTISWANTED, MONEY WANTED. SPECIFIC ARTIcLEs FOR SALE BY PRIVATE C)NTEACT. MISCELLANEOUS WWI'S, HOUSES AND °TRIES PREMISES TO YE LET OE SOLD. One Three Six -• Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os ed ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 2'7 .... Os 9d ... Is 1,:k1 ... 3s Od . 36 ls Od ... 2s 6d ... 45 Od 4b ....... ls 3d ... 3s Id ... Ss Od 64 The above charges are for PP.EPAyMENT Only. No Adver- thement inserted on cre,Mt under 28. per insertion. __..--.—.-------

me berl3artt4, Szt.

---- GBNERAL Sercan,, go-d, WANTED, good v-ferences required.-3, Regent-road, Water-street end, Manches- ter.

---- WANTitH, re ,p,•et,bta,a, GENERAL aged- 20 to 26, years ; wastung.—n, Drammond-road. Hoylake,

Cheshlie. WAY/ED cituation as Crtl.oo,d, ace 22 ; eau ride and 4 drive.—Apply 00R7IELD, 10. Shule Crow, Keswick, Cumberland,

• WANTED by yrung lady, engagement as GOVERNESS to young children ; m 41310.-11., 25, Broad-st , Lyon, Norfolk. 'WAN EEO, strang heattily Girl as NIJESE-1-10USE- V MAID, must have go d. chAracter.—Wicalt, 57, Wood View, Manningham, Bradford.

NvANTED, HOUSEKEEPFdi • (working) middle age, house of business, two se vauts kept, two cows kept. Apply Mr. WADLOW., Stmton,

QUPS MOH. GENERAL WANTED, good character. In dis- penAale, small fnruilv, nurse kept,.—"LnovaoD: Lanca.ter-road. Birk' ale, ,outhport.

Sti Ll At WA sl2 is Youtig Mari, as Groom under Coachman, or single-handed ; willing to be uaeful in Winelicombe. bouse.—T. Munn, noel,

WANTED for widow lady. cook, kitehenmaid might suit, £2O ; nurse. hot/gems. es, general—' ' Broad-street. Handley. Established 1853. ---- -- - T ADIES requiring superior SEHNANTS .should apply.— -Li Miss HUDSON'S registry, Irlam-street, Warrington. , cooks and housemaid waitresses waiting.engagements. -- -----_ " IMPORTANT TO LADD S. -Disengsged Cooks, House- .' maids, Nurses, Sewingmaids, Generals. servants, Imme- diately suited, stamp for particulars.—Cr.xxnah BEGISIRY, ' Wrexham.

TIISBNGAGRD COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, An d WAIT- Aißss S, good Generals, Esrmaids,, not., been out before, small salsry.—Nliss ET.I_NS, 21, Stretfad-road, Mancheqter. ____---- uousE-enßLou It kIAID a.NT kll, nurse-housemaid kept ; good references indispensable ; age not under twentv.two.—Address, stating wages, Airs. Aucunn SMITH, The Teasowes, Ilammelwich, Lichfield.

M"TesGpeiCtargblen: Swr d/ncro:t,h,..Hroavultkirs wa t 'as Wanitiressa ono who hs been House said Waitress .not objected to if sompetant —Apply between 4 ad G any day. 7—WANTED. SITUATION as Lady Hov.sekeeper, Com- panion. or Chaperone; lady or gentletna•l's house- hold ; domesticated ; expermuced ; six year's clerical reter- eences. VERA, Ileatheeld Albert-road. Southr.ort.

GOOD GBNERAL ShItVANT WANT.ViD. where three servants are kept, ; good wages to experienced person ; good r..: erences ihtthvensable ; age not 'under 30.—Ad- ,dres5, 'Qrs. ARCHER J MITE', The Tcalsow es, Hanpnelwich, Lichfield.

GENSRAL SERVANT SVA.NTIM. Wag comfort- able horn; good reerenc-_.s ; Church af England Com- municant preferred, Would wait a fortuigi t tor a suitable person. age not m .Ire than V.. —Apply' Itrs. .BELT9N, 104, Shalc, speare-St.. Sautbpor .

, .katifJ4jtA JL 11 ILSAS 1 S'131119:11.)1S, 10, Ripe-St., Liverpool. listab. 1878.—For reliable, Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or t elegraahool. lePbene

===== 0002601_18950119_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18950119_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
:READ ON.

NOW CO3DIENDED By PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When yni lire distressed by a miserable cold, nose bungej up, threat sore. limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsorn of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date: it triOales into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to pu-chase sonot thing else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from.; all parts of the World.

:READ OF FURTHER./ SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHICIOF YOUR CONSIDERATION.

SIR.—My wife desires rue to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam .31 rfoney his proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eigkit children). As soon as la cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cold' disappears. Before using the Ihlsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very' little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is noon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, CAL., Headmaster Severn Turin March 16th, 1892.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON STILL FLTRTHER.7

A Carliff Chemist says :--I have larger sales for Tudo William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Cure; That's the opinion of all chemists. PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July. 1892. DEAR SIR,—I must write to say that your Tudor Will'..ms Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had In the house. My hiv David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't sleep at night lor it, ant neither could anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. A few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold bv all Chemists arid Stores all over he World Is. lid, 2s 9d, awl 4s 6d betties. Sample bottles sent post paid for Is 31, 3s, and ss, froni. the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE. WALES.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBA Cli SYST

INCANDESCENT GAS LIG tIT. WELSBACH SYSTEM. INCANDESCENT GAS LIG LIT. WELSBA.C.II SYSTEM,

SAVES 50 PER, CENT. IN GAS.

14VES

PER CENT. IN GAS.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

SIX VALID REASONS POE ITS ADOPTION. 1: It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. It can be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. The light is clean, cool, steady, and brilliant. 5. It does away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple. and economical.

THE MOST PERFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELELITRIC LIGHT. AT ONE-EIGHTH THE COST..

Prices and full part cabin on application to the following Agents: WARRINGTON : CAI:DWELLS, LIMITED, 60. Horsemarketestreet, EARLESTOWN: Mrs. E. NEEDHAM. ST. lIELENS: R. G. DROOL Woiverl. unpton House. lIUNC3RN: 11. BRANCH, 109, Greenway Road. WIDNES: H. BRANCH. Central Hotel.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Thatline full of clothes Is perfectly clean, DiA.ICHLENS CLEANSKft'S bee a used, that is easily seen.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CADBURYS' C 0001.—" A suitable food &like for building up the growing body, and for repairing the waste which is incidental to all processes of life."—" Health."

===== 0002601_18950119_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
c.fiThiY.-EFFECTS OF

ELECTRICITY

A curious case has just been recorded in which an electric current was found to be generated. by a plate of anificial teeth. A patient consulted his doctor on account of u severe pain in his tongue. But the sufferer was assured that there was nothing the matter, lie then paid a visit tojiis dentist, who informed him that his teeth s‘ere perfectly , sound. Being, however, dissatisfied, he called upon an electrician whom he knew, and asked if it were possible that he could have any electricity in his mouth. On examining the teeth his friend found that two metals were used to fix them to a corn-. position plate. To theae metals wires were then attached and connected to a galvanometer. Then the teeth were replaced in the patient's mouth and the metals moistened with saliva. No sooner was- this done than the galvatfometer showed quite a large current from so small a source—enough, lt is stated, to cause ulceration and severe pain when long continued upon so sensitive an organ as the tongue. The plate was Covered with an insulating varnish, and thenceforward all the trouble ceased.. .

===== 0002601_18950119_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-..-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel].

AGRITIS WANTICD to push first-elmo Ylfwgtattery„ Oils. Litorsi Commiesiou.—Box 31, Post Ceie, Liverpool.

AGENTS WANTED. —VVatches, Clocks, Jewellery,Knives, Spoous, suustrieo, sAMBROOK, Aercleen.st., -Shaft ald..

WANTREL,S4ilfercre from Lumbego or Dropsy to send 14 s:ampa for certain cure. J. Asuwoicru, Euxton, Cjiorls

NATANTFIEJ...4sIoosi SECOND-HAN() PIANQ. State par- Cetera's sad tOwest price for cash NI., E,carais..sr °Meg, Warrington.

IVANT Li D ere charge of child about 3, or would adopt ; state te.wmc. - Mrs. BUVrIdatV7OI:TH, Boutley lia,l, Elton, Barry. --v.- . —_____-------------- A.OUNG MAN IWAN'CED, £46 per quarter. paid weekly, spleutl4t opening ; opecirnens tree.—Adoress Compo Works. Farrtworth, Bolton, La, es.

DOOKS. B)oks, gt.sic. WANTLID, 0-HAND, -U1 town or countrty.—J. 2d.ILLER, 181, (*reit Jack son- Manciaermer.

WANTRD, Steam. r.ml Hand-loom WHAVER.S to keep away from Wa•rington &Irina a Dispute oaking to a Seduotlon offered eßirom 50 to 83 per cent.—

- TOBAOCONISTS commencing. 111 d. Guide (259 pages) 3.4.—TOBACCONISTS. Co.. 186, le.ustdn-road. London. .Shop-titters tor all traces.—Mannger, Hr. Arrns, Est. 18,36.

- I ‘UUCOINIT nd tiles., eouimsuctug snoutd el or send for our Price U. Competition deft M.—Gm-1313E11.0'8, Paradise-fit. Liverpool. Betablished 1850.

_—_- 1-411)1304.TIONAL.—firapeetors of Weights and Measures. JUA C.; mg,iittes cowshed 4.:11. Board of Traoe examination . Write I,llBlllsteit Academy., Cullege-street, Rotherham. . —...._ _ . lir ANTED SITU AT U lON as FARM HAL i a .taker *ccustome.l to roseldnery ; references ; age 33. Wife salling to asstst.—AMeress B 22, Clreenbank Avenue, Ilseard, ttjr-eialAre. — WANTUD,a,thoroughty itBACTICAL MAN ea Foreman; io Jake management .of Steam Loom Weaving De- pa rtment.—A,pply by letterto N. GREENING AND SoNs,Lrl., .Crown-st. Works, Warrington. __

orf,;a_re7

_ LIBER AL ,VTAGIIS far work.spare hours, either sex. No sendir,g,rqoney before st.artiz.g workers wanted every- Where. Stsznped z.ddressed e,velope for repIy.—GMBEET XITQUUS, 6, Westwood-t., P.c4arborough.

TIOREIGN STA MPS.—Colleetcos WANTED to send for our JU approval Seiectione. Several thousand varieties. Good specimens cheap. Collections bought. ference or deposit required. —B‘ißlicks; TAMP CO., IL Chapel-walks, Liverpool.

7A.NTI4D.-,TO purchase or exchange Houstheld F URN I- TUE,I3 of every desert in large or 6'12411 quan. ties ; pianos, sewing awl wrlnging machines. Best price '.iv en. Prom pt ema,. —A.pply Jonr.A. furniture dealer, rker-etreetoßarlestown.

j EFT OFF CLOTMES bought, be price for parcels for- IA warded, it not approved, goods returned.—JAMES Goa- KAN, [remand Secoadnd Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deausgate, Manchester. QBCOND-HAND DRIbS SUL rs, Miiiory, Theatrical,Band 0 -Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.--3AMEB Goa- few and Acoond-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328. and 346, Deaasrate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits new at a third cost price. _

===== 0002601_18950119_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
,43e— riwstiv

LAI WAN f 11, ..Se,,rerAries or iiiendly boc.elles, 11_ Trane Societies, Managers, Foremen and others to sell direct from manilfactivers, salary and commission, security required. Genuine increased income. —Apply with particu- lars, W S.. ilzaminer " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
fftatrurump.

I

~.. , 44 .„- ,v

AIATRIMONY,— An amiOle, relined and preFossessing widow (37) with considerable capital and of independ- ent means, who has seen but little bociety for some yea rs, Is desirous of an early marriage with a professlonal.or com- mercial gentleman (baclielor or widower) who would appre- .clAe a losing and intelligent ii4elp-mate.—Addreas Mrs. La,vies,street, Berkeley-square, London. W.

capartment, jurniOtb llottges, szr.

SOUTHPORT. - Superior Apartments; Drawing room ; one or two bedrooms. Inclusive moderate terms.—Mrs. BRISTOWE 33. As ondalo-roKel. off Promenade.

FURS! LADIES. FURS! You can Purchase Single Articles of Fur at Wholesale Price, -all the first fashion ; also Sealskin Jackets an other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUF,ACTORY, Office and Showroom: 21, LEVER-STREHT, (Opi..otit : the Royal I c firmarr, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments He-Fashioned, and all other Furs, Repairs, Ile-Dyeing, Cleaning. &e.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON-. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGH. Made by the Simple Ao.titlon of Bolling Water.

At a CAst wit..in the roacb of all. 11. LITTLE ETI.NEOPS-ST.I MAYFAIR, W

Eibv&torit, Cgg4, srt.

CANARIE4. TWO HANDSOME BIRDS and Cage only 7s. Violin wanted cheap.—W. EDMUNDS, 159, Elm- road, Kingston, Surrey.

DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail.—HALL. 53. Paradise-street. Li vernool.

_ WELHAM'S ASTHMA CURB never fails to cure canaries, See you get Welborn's. Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

CANAHISS, Canaries. in all varieties for breeding or song. Before purchasing send for price and particulars. Grand stock at THIRKETTLE'S, naturalist, Grapes Hill, Norwich.

Lhed 1860.

•li'• •

===== 0002601_18950119_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
give Mari

Atipping gottres.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTRAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATIAIDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA. every WEDNESDAY.—Fare

GUION I..!NE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

EADE'S GOUT 051; RHEUMATIC PILLS IN A FEW HOURS THE' GAVE ME RELIEF.

EADEII PILLS. West street, Firgrove, " Hoch:late, December 14:11, 1889. EADIV PILLS. " Dear fsir.—l have had the Gout in my big toe or six years on EADE'S pus. and off in spite of the numero n liniments and pills I bought. A length my brother advised me to try your pills. So I sea or a small bottle, Is. lid, and am pleased to say nothing ver did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF, and in four days I could wear my hoot and -go to business. GOUT The second bottle mademe a 11 right, nor has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM want snheavnerreebemwrni telniodutt p all I ill , OUT —Yours truly. "A. GRAD WICK. -I) HE UMA TIBM " Mr. G.Eade."

LADE GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade. 72, Goewell-road. London. 31. C.; and Bold by all Chennsts. In Bottles. is. lid. and ts. 9d EADE'B GOUT & 11,11EUMATIC 131144

THE EXA VINER. SATURDAY JANUARY 19. 1895.

ES be Let.

rIIO 1;13T. —House off Bowsey-road (3 bedrooms), rent 4s. 6d. 1 —Apply Ashton and Woods. Sohcitors, Horsemarket-st,. Warrington.

Q ITT ING ROOM and BEDROOM TO LET for one or two k, Gentlemen, terms moderate.-25, Froghall-iane, War- rington.

QOUTHPORT.—Comfortable Apartments for Ladies for ae2ouohemeot, reasonable.—Mrs. SPENCEB. 13, Union-street.

9-10 LET.— GOOD LOUti-UP SHOP in Horaemarket- street ; rent moderate.— Apply WILLIA.II Rounias, 19, Bridge-street, Warrington.

HOUSBS TO 1314 Yleasastly situated opposite Ship Canal Locks, Latchford, reduced rent.—S. J. SYAISBHAFT, Grappenhsll.

Autumn), slt., WIOW.

QPLENIRD BENCH LATHE, hack gear, slide rest, 2iln. 13 centres. chucks, £2 10s., carriage pid, worth IA 108.— M ITCIIELL, Tatsfield, surrey.

PsDULLEY PATTI:R:Is, up to four feet diameter, turned and , bored, loose arms, ekeap. Address Box 150, " Examiner "afßee, Warrington.

3nlN. BAND SAW, 9, 12. 151 n. Surface Planes, 15, 12in. V Combined Hand and Power Feed Planers, and several Circular Saw Beuchee.—W. WILD, Dean-lane, Newton Heath.

FURS. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BAT HOUSE FURRIERS,

/23, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Mr. SPIRO, having been mast fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerablv below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING and ItHMODEL- LING of

LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS into the most perfect styles. at very moderate prices. Our STOCK is now complete with thw newest and most Fashion- able FURS br the coming winter Sealskin Jackets and Capes. Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, Sannks,

NOTE THE ADDIZESS : 123, OXFORD ST BEET AU/ SAINTS',

MANCLIESTUR.

-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NieW

===== 0002601_18950119_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
UscdUantow3.

riSIERS for Sale, suitable for Bashet and Crate malting.— / Address Mr. Minus, Beiesworth, Tattenhall, Chester.

EXCELLENT WASH FOR THH HAIR; how to promote the growth of hair, inexpensive, 7 stamps each L-5 Castle-cottage, Epsom.

RBCIPES.—Starch enamel for glazing linen like china, easily made. no chemicals, 6 stamps. Curry, 56 Cathrine-terrace, Llanelly.

MO RHEUMATIC SUFFERERS.—A valuable prescription is offered, postal order, Is. Id.—Letsters only to E. DORAN. 13, Olive-st., Liverpool.

STAMMERING Cured. An v p.rson afflicted thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, White Bridge Cottage, Newton- le-Willows, personally or by letter.

PROMO MI:ST[7III3,IOr Male or remale,ln bottles 28.6 d. A. 7 and 45.; cure guaranteed —Joaas, 51, Butter- market-street, Warrington.

DLAIJD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify D complexion ; gress, post free 18.--INMAN and Co., Edinburgh. EXTRAORDINARY VALUE.—PuII dress length beautiful black or blue serge, sg. 11d., can iage paid.—BainFonn Weemorx Co., 276, Sw.-n Arcade. Bradford

RATM Books, Coins, War and Commemorative Medals, Paintings, Drawings, Engravings, Curios. WANTED. COLLECTOR," Fernsisie Villa, Burnaby-St.. Chelsea.

MADAME IDA ELLIS, Kent-road, Blaskpool, describes the character, talents, and failings of any person from their handwriting or photo. Fee. Is.

F' UURNISIIING and UNDERTAKING BUSINESS. Watering place, fine premises, old established. low price. Sale or partnership.—Coumgm, Ramsey, Isle of Man.

A WARDED FIRSTPRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide _ll Jubilee Exhibition. 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House In London. for English and Foreign Picture Fr..me and Room Monldings—all the newest designs. Two milFon feet always in stOck. Veneered and fancy wcod mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every descriptinn. olcogrnpbs, &c. Further reduction In prices. Wholesale carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. MOHELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Kalsbitry," Loudon. Stock list NA prices of glass monthly, free.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORX

4EXAMINE ft " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BLIC&BY STYlifil• WALEINGION.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
&MO bp *Watt Ertatp,

IF we may judge from some of the Mr. John Burns 'accounts, Mr. JOHN BURNS, the in America. very Radical member of Parlia- ment for Battersea, has had a flattering re- ception on the other aide of the Atlantic, from the workmen at all events. He has done five weeks lecturing and travelling for the Labour Federation of America, and his experiences have been varied. At one mining community in the Rocky Mountains, some nine thousand feet above sea level, a children's snow tournament was organised in his honour, but on the other hand the selected chairman of one of his meetings at Chicago hesitated to preside, because he was afraid "there might be some shooting." Mr. BURNS had been speaking out strongly against municipal corruption,and language of this kind did not suit the " boodlers " of Chicago, who are, it appears, quite unscrupulous enough to resort to " shooting " or any other violent methods to accomplish their ends. However, the shooting did not come off, and the member for Battersea I was allowed to leave Chicago with a whole I skin, even after describing it as " a pocket edi- tion of hell." Mr. BURNS naturally, considering his antecedents and his mission, looked at the United States mainly from a workman's point of view, and he did not find them an industrial Paradise, in spite of the Protection which has been vaunted so much. There are slums in some of the large towns which are worse than any that can be seen in England, and the Italian quarter in Chicago is a "horror unspeakable," the streets and alleys reeking with garbage and Elth,which lie in heaps from November to April. The locomotive engineers are the princes of American labour) and they can earn from £1 to £7 a week. But the American artisan has to work harder and longer hours than the English one, and he has fewer holidays. With regard to bricklayers, Mr. BURNS says that at New York and Chicago he found them "laying nearly twice as many bricks as a London workman. Indeed, as one foreman said to me, they work too hard. They may get two shillings an hour, but that does not as a rule last more than six or seven months—a whole year's labour is crammed into that period. The pressure is tremendous." Mr. BURNS adds, "skilled men, like compositors, who are very well paid,are begin- ning to be affected by machinery, and one of the immediate problems of that industry-is for the men to adapt themselves to the new state of things. Then you should remember that house rent is twenty to fifty per cent, higher in the States than here, and that company rents—that is to say, rents paid to the coporation which owns the men's labour—and ,the truck system eats deep into the wage fund." The conditions of unskilled labour are evidently worse in America than in England. The labourers have to compete for em- ployment with Italians, Hungarians, Bohemians, and even Chinese, the standard of living of whom is far beneath that of the Englishman or native; born American. Miners are in the same category as unskilled labourers, and Mr. BURNS found foreigners engaged in exhausting labour in the coke region for three shillings a day. "The mor- tality amongst this class is horrifying, and throws a ghastly light on municipal corruption. The death-rate in one block of tenement buildings holding 5,000 people in New York in 1893 was 346 per annum, that is to say, 63 per 1,000." The member for Battersea is decidedly of opinion that men's lives are used up faster in the American industrial system than in our own. The street cars and railways slaughter the people at some- thing like a wholesale rate, and he makes the as- tounding statement that at the level crossings of Chicago railways, as many people are slain as are in England killed all over our railways including passengers and workers. There are, however, two institutions which the Americans lavish expendi- ture upon—the prisons and the schools. The Christmas dinner at Columbia Penitentiary con- sisted of roast turkey,mince pie, beef, oranges an -I apples, bread and potatoes. The prisoners elect their own governing officers; they live and sleep largely in common and they play cards or chess or read newspapers at their will. On the subject of the schools Mr. BURNS grew enthusiastic. The American grudges nothing for his schools. There is no starving or stinting of education. The teachers are well paid, hold a good social position, and have a large moral influence. In fact, in no country in the world is education so well cared for—surely a hopeful feature in the social life of the Great Republic.

S

THE subject of "unearned Mere- Unearned Increments. ment " was dealt with in an inter- esting fashion at the beginning of the week by Mr. HALDANE, Q.C., M.P. Mr. HAL- DANE referred in his speech more particu- larly to the case of London, but the ° subject itself is not one of local imper-' tance only. The unearned increment on the„ value of land is reaped by landowners in every " centre of population and industry. London, of course, offers the most startling object lesson because it has a larger population than is con- 4.4 tamed in any other city on the face of the earth. , The facts and figures adduced by Mr. HALDANH were de3ply impressive in their way. The land upon which London stands would, he said, if let at its agricultural value barely be worth £16,000 a year. Bat at the present time the rent paid for that land, apart altogether from the houses and buildings which have been Arected upon it,amounts to no less a sum than £16,000,000 How has this annual value been multiplied thousandfold? It has not certainly been added by the landlords although they are enjoying the benefits of it. Nor can it be said, that the value has been given by any one section of the population. It was due, as Mr. Haldane pointed ont,to the simple growth of the population The people of London as a whole are the creators% of all these millions of annual value which are diverted into the private pockets of the ground: landlords. And the increase of value is going - on at a rapid rate. Every year that passes sees another 300,000; added be' the rent-rolls of the owners of the land. Mr. HALDANE might well contend that it is high time that this enriching of a comparatively few, privileged individuals at the expense of the whole community should come to an end. He does not, propose that the unearned increments of the past should be taken from the ground landlords, but het. doessuggest that future increases should be turned,4 into the public coffers. A similar proposal watt. made many years ago by JOHN Sruaar MILL, and had it been adopted at that time all the progres- sive English towns and cities would now have been in a happy position. Probably, in many cases they would have been drawing from ground values alone a largerincome than they are now receiving from the whole of their rates. The rates of, London amount, for instance, to between' seven and eight millions a year, and this amount which would be completely covered by twenty. years growth of the metropolitan land value. Other cities and towns in which population is increasing would be similarly benefited by the reform advo- ' cated by Mr. HALDANE. With every increase in population there is an increase in ground values, and as it is the population which creates these additional values there can be no argument, ne• the ground of equity, against the appropriation of the "unearned increments" of the future for the common benefit.

THE Vicen of Runcorn, CA-sroX The Educa- tion Controversy WOOD, like many other clergy- m3n of the Church of England,has a weakness for the role of critic of School BoardS:, and School Boardeducation. But, af tor all, his-- AI indictment is not a very formidable one. In fact,. , it all depends upon the point of view one takes,. whether his remarks at a congregational tea meeting on Monday. may not be taken as an eulogy of School:Boards or as a condemnation of of voluntary schools. He practically admitted that the education given at Board schools is - hotter than that given at voluntary schools, but he [claims that the voluntary education is the cheaper. Well, probably there are few advocates of School Boards who will care to argue that point. A good thing is worth paying for, and education is certainly no exception to the rule. Whether we look at the matter from an individual 1 or a national point of view the starving of the schools in which the great bulk of the children of the country receive all their education is the very unwisest of economies. If the standard of educa- ' tion in the voluntary schools in Runcorn, orlanr where else, falls distinctly below that of the, Board schools, there is no better evidence needed - that voluntaryism is a drag on the educational machine for which there is not much to be said. , Perhaps this explains the " very small response" to the appeals for support of the free schools a which Canon WOOD complains.

WARRINGTON HIGHWAY BOARD.

-- THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE BOROUGH.. The usual quarterly meeting of the above Board was held in the Board Room, Bewswy-street on Virednee day afternoon. There were present : Captain T. 2• Withingtort chairman,William Royston, J. Millington, P. J. Bate, J. Ker[oot, R. T. Lowe, J. Houghton, R. qr- mred. J. Grounds, and R. Owen junr., H. B. White (clerk), E. A. White, (assistant clerk) and J. ThouWlo` (surveyor).

THE PROPOSED ASSISTANT SURVEYOR. A letter was read from the Surveyor stating that be did not ask for an additiomal £45 tor himself but for an assistant. He would be glad if the Board would agree to the matter.—On the motion of Mr. Owen, seconded by Mr. J. Houghton it was agreed that an increase of £45 be granted to the Surveyor, who was to find 0 .vn assietant. THE REPAIR OF MAIN ROADS. The CLERK read a lettor from Mr. Schofield district surveyor of main roads, which stated that the Maio Roads Committee of the Lancashire Ceelolti Council, would shortly hold a meeting to consider the ' plans for the repair of main roads during the year 1895; ' 6, and asking the Board to furnish a detailed estimate° i the monies which the Board proposed to expend in their . district, and any extraordinary work which was likely to require attention. Mr. Thompson in his reply efi closed plans, section, and estimate of the propoloe ' improvements at Haltox's Bridge, on the Widnes The Board had, he said, also agreed to do any fencing and walling in connection with the improvement sub' ' jzct to the County Council Committee, providing the necessary monies for carrying out the remainder of the ~,. ' work as per plan, section, and estimate. He bad el; I ranged with Captain Hughes' agent to exchange tbs , 1 part of the old read, bordered blue on the plans for 01 ' parts bordered pink. The committee would notice thee. he bad provided for a stone yard, which would be: great convenience. If there had been any difficulty wr. getting grants for all the jobs it would be mach better to drop acme of the smaller ones for the present, ratbe.. than the one for Halton's Bridge improvement, eSPeel,. , ally as the improvement was so much needed for satety of 111/i public, and any failure to proceed n'iT would cause great disappointment to the inhat'l; e 1 tants of Great Sankey and l'enketh and 1 . ' etaira fact to every user of the read. Tl'e totals were :—L" f e roads and extra work, £3,836 10s. ; improvement ° . Widnes-road, Halton's Bridge, £1,293 9s. 10d ; widening' . footpath and draining near Baree's Bridge on the Liceerti I. pool-road, £5O 15s. 41.—The Board had also arrang„ for the purchase, provisioually.with Mr. Tunst all, of te7 : land bordered yellow in the plane, for the sum of e the Board agreeing, to do the fencing. e i :PROPOSED EXTENSION OF TUB BoRouGII. The Yellowing letter was read from the i Town Clerk Warrington, and dated December 27th, 1894.--", ridete, e Sir,—As you are aware the Corporation have aPPbe the Local Governinmt hoard for a provisional order •rc, - the extension of the Borough boundary and it poeed, hy such extension to include the Parish of l'ltbe el tert " Sankey. A local inquiry will, no doubt,he he held by Local Government Board and with the ohj t expense of all parties at such inquiry the CorPeing e lion desire to meet your Board for the purpose of lae to '' hefere them their proposals and if possible to coni!-this an amicable arrangement. Will you therefore lax. ect matter before your Board and let me know when luatloo b , convenient for your Board to receive a dePuLeya." averiTe rope from the Corporation.—Yours truly, J. LYON —The Board ultimately decided that there was n° Plore ability of any arrangement being come to as theY Little opeosed to the transfer of parishis, especially Sankey. 'Dale concluded t'ee bulincss.

II

- p

• • • , , • 11 .• , 1 tst •:' 4* •

$1

===== 0002601_18950119_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
'RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A RrNCORNIAN ACCIDENTALLY SHOT. On Tuesday morning a young man named Wm. Pendlebury, residiag at 17, Clarence-st., Runcorn, Sustained serious injuries whilst shooting birds at Woolston, caused, it is supposed, through the acci- dental discharging of his gun. He was removed to the Warrington Infirmary for treatment. COLLIER'S BREAD is the best money can buy.--Advt. 1311148it°138 DONATION BY MR. BRUNNER, M.P. Iti. response to an appeal by the Rev. Benjamin Zaugh on behalf of the National Society for the rrevention of Cruelty to Children, Mr. J. T. Brun- !ler, M.P., has forwarded to Mrs. Watts, the secre- tary of the Northwich branch, a cheque for £5OO to be applied to the funds of the institution. diCOLLIER'S BLACE BLENDED TEA, 21d. per quarter lb,— blot ELLESMERE-STREET CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY, RUNCORN. A• meeting in connection with this society was kield on Tuesday night, when the Rev. J. Stafford resided. An admirable paper was read by Mr. F. Uarkes nn "Decision." Tie election of officers for the Society was afterwards proceeded with. The s, v• J. Stafford was re-elected president ; Mr. Wm. ▪ virlds Vice-president. Mr. H.E. Gandy, treasurer; 15s Stubbs, secretary ; and Mr. Newell, corre- 'Wading secretary. The various committees were xleaeiri ei:;Fßp ointed. AsPII•ILESE 'IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10d, per lb. 6T. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. (.0 There was a largely attende I meeting of this —ass °ll lTSunday afternoon, when Mr. B. Kniveton t:lesid ed. Au admirable address was delivered by e Rev. Chas. Norman, of Swindon, formerly of uncortl. The solos rendered were as follows The Star of Bethlehem," Miss Jones ; "Calvary," /1r• Morris • d The Sanctuary," Miss Ainsworth. „„ an 13:Iv • Cooke and Mr. Rowley contributed a couple s duets on piano and organ, and also accompanied Co!.. these ' instruments during the service. LLIERS is. BUTTER is the gem in the market.—Advt. coLtasat 4dvt, e sell everything for the smallest possible profits 8-heit views, was given by Mr. Blakeley, of anenAcobabs. Mr. T. Handley J.P., was in the chair le.'" in his few opening remarks introduced the ticturer to the audience. The lecture was descrip- A°f a t f miles on the continent of te asserlcaour o_ 15,000 and embracsd sights, natural and artificial, Ks`,°4B the whole breadth of North America from the 4"antic to the North Pacific Ocean. The fact that 10„r' Dlakeley had actually. accomplished this s sta thne..y greatly enhanced the interest of the lecture de,' he remembered many amusing little irici- ba-Ass, telling both for and against himself, which Occurred. The lecturer's most telling vein of atJ„ti amour was greatly appreciated by is hearers. 'nil close of the meeting votes of thanks were ifanimously pasaed by Mr. Blakeley and Mr. aselldleY, also to Mr. Turton of Frodsham and his s„ftstant Mr. Harold Davies, for their manipulation netobe lantern. tsfs_ttraa's sell the best quality goods at lowest possible TSB WEATHER AT RUNCORN. A se cote vere south-easterly gale prevailed in Run- ifisl„nn Saturday, and continued throughout the in"t• There was a heavy downfall of snow, and It i3,?rue places the drifts were a considerable depth. sn;terfered with railway traffic, as shown by the (herd mail being several hours late, delaying the BnnyserY of letters on Sunday morning During enn'aY and Monday a large number of men were aitged clearing away the snow. On Sunday- rain tell, and the thaw continued on the trafring day. In consequence of the thaw, the s 'go, nu the Bridgewater canal, although some • at i Conti mPeded, has been carried on. Had the frost thsoss'nued a large number of men would have been of b"n out of employment in that and other lines gsiness, sst "I:INCHING OF A BARGE AT RUNCORN. thr 51311!°°n on Friday, a barge constructed specially lana sIP Canal traffic at Runcorn was successfully the nn'Td at the temporary ship building yard, at f laun —":lPed Quay Runcorn. It is similar to one eet n nearly three months ago, being about 100 , Istg-ng• 21 feet wide, and Bft. depth of hold. It ear tit nu s principle that will enable it to carry a 4ing°„Z a some 230 tons, its draught being only sft. With irese barges are constructed in accordance Riaes designs of Mr. F. Wiswall, the local en- the fr 9 aud the work has been superintended by Bitereman of the Spriuch Works, Mr. J. Dykes. 11 Thel:3llZWlcliC MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. Societ uotet meeting of the second session ot:this Wick •1V1T.W45 held on Wednesday evening in Bruns- ' Dieleetsuidreneesleyan schoolroom, Runcorn, under the Yof Mr.Simister. Mr. J. D. Jones read a Thins. asoPPlied by Messrs. G. Newnes and Com- °l London, on "Authors and their work.', a Ii lecture was profusly illustrated by the aid of WerTsellßbt lantern. Portraits of notable authors Ils,:i.B"Own on the screen. The lanternist was eajnyab't Pickthall. At the conclusion of a most Ware evening'e entertainment, votes of thanks J. b. yamsed to Messrs. Newnes and Company, Mr. .9! I "ssee. and Mr. Pickthall, on the proposition btayee'. n' • Millington, seconded by Mr. George On hot sly aturdayRIINCORN VOLUNTEERS. evening the return billiard match Playee:n the Runcorn and Chester Volunteers was 4Ulted ;at the club of the latter at Chester, and re- altere Sn• n Win for the home team. Considerable tOrn, PC"IS have been made at the Drill Hall, R un- 1. the Convenience of the members of the pc ales . The billiard room has been doubled 7essres' es," two 75-guinea tables purchased from ueen 'rule and Son, Limited. One of them has theree'rected, and those members who have played With ;,.11 have expressed their entire satisfaction show's. The other one has been placed in the Pnraten*rs°°,,tn of the :manufacturers for a match at played between the noted players 'ettßo,':nd Roberts. When that is finished it will —7ed to Runcorn and fitted up at the club. a$ tnss„ AN AMERICA.N TOUR. 01'',,';`1,11R in connection with Bethesda Literary 'ventr,s'a, ChM, Runcorn, was held on Tuesday 414,-,-sWs„hen a lecture, profusely illustrated by kt /coo SHOP TILL ROBBERY AT RUNCORN. 'lll°l-1 before NI Thomas andie orn Police r. 7214, Yt on Friday, John William Clough, William to 21an,_d Thomas Smith, whose ages range from th ista„til,ailing from Manchester, were charged ERert'o"ng 2s. 3d., the monies of Joseph Tickle, anPetinten-atreet, Runcorn, on the previous day. en ,rnsdeut Atherton explained that about 2s!aciahep 4,3 go osday Mrs. Tickle had occasion to leave into the kitchen. The till contained refs', '.and a fe IX4d Diqg to w coppers. She heard a noise, and the shop found the prisoner Smith, nnoth f Ove, er youth one apparently lean- _used, ss the counter. They appeared con- asked if she sold cigarettes. Fearing s III)g sb "ad been taken out of the sh ag. At ooeked there, but did not miss any- flied the till,' -r daughter's suggestion she exam- loe"time tih eed found the money gone. In the delved theuru YOutfis had left the shop. She fol- thtßined •Into Waterloo-road, and had them heenln,, into 'I t'itne arrival of P.C. L9O, who took as"ed, it Custody.bei•Clough was afterwards appre- ss tthat the ,Itgatated that he was keeping watch, ills' !tn. The'sraiths were seen to hand something aaln, tat s been i•Y admitted the offence, as well as sven,,,!hsis eh' trouble before. In order to ascer- thra °•--Esid arters he asked for a remand for a ' the sup eince having been given to justify stearxial;‘,e,nd.enta request was granted. silses g INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. o „ hYci entertainment at the Seamen's 414', 'led, A °n Tuesday evening, was well 144 'e 'was Programme of vccal and instrumental 8 given fest 'Joie, and , • Mr. James Shaw performed a istr. sob), air. John Foulkes contributed piano- , ISO `l,• s?,°nßs were given by Mr John Shaw, rearci'!eY. Shallcross, Mr. B. Allen and Mr. The Isng, rthd ik"iltield gave a humorous Lancashire felt "rneesidi —r• Roper and Mr. Eckersley recited. teb,isnarongs were presided over by Mr. Shaw tea.„`',Olteachs—Ofi Wednesday eveninz the Sunday shei'vs in nor', choir, workers, and the two first eicir annum .tri9ction with the Sunday school, had In „, whsn ea meeting. After tea a inseting was Nettrae es,ahe missionary (Mr. Shaw) presided. wii;'ed to of a few remarks he said he was bi '1 the Mis :4ve 60 Many worg n ers nonected „inti os , thets the s, • 'they had been u great he Ip to valaskrtst, '.d he hoped they would continue taisr,srs is'ule services in the future. Severe 1 „snots 1,," connection with the working of the r,eseri ere di, test • cussed. Daring the evening two toads ons, sone' , • nsiegi• Ms, 11. • sting of two tea services were friessnn pse„„ ni• Shaw', one of the workers at the ljun,"B, on behalf of the teachers and sta -Qy Nebo:, the tett service, to Mrs. Hurst, ii ~`" teacher, on the occasion of her mar- • scribed ~' arner Owen received a similar present, shaaswB, of soAncrh hhy Members of the choir and first 414 taacle th Was a member. Mrs. Richard ably e presentation. Both recipients .‘la Rifts. thankeda those who had subscribed towards Azi ty.:, nous games were afterwards indulged "mber of Bongs Were also rendered.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. F. J. NortmAN,_J.P,

We are pleased to state that Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., of Lyndhurst, Higher Runcorn, who has been for some days suffering from an imflamed throat, is now recovering from what might have been a most serious illeess. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN. The annual meeting of the trustees of this chapel was held on'Tuesday evening, when it was resolved to take off the roof, reslate it, and further to gener- ally repair and clean the building. The total cost is estimated at about £l5O. THE SHIPPING TRADE AT RUNCORN.

During the week,the shipping trade at Runcorn has showed great activity. There has been a.mark- ed increase in the number of vesse:s arriving at Runcorn docks, and many others have been char- tered for Runcorn, and expected to arrive within the next few days. It is to be hoped that this may be the beginning of brisker times at Runcorn docks. —No further tidings have been heard of the Betsy Nichols, in charge of Captain Roberts, of Runcorn, or the Louisa, in charge of his son, Captain F. Roberts.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FRRRY.

The necessity for the early re-opening of Runcorn Ferry was under discussion at the meeting of the Parliamentary and General Purposes Committee of the Urban Council on Thursday. The newly- appointed chairman of the committee (Mr.P.Speak- man, J.P., C.C.) presided. It was considered that pressure should be brought to bear on the London and North-Western Railway Company, and the Manchester Ship Canal Company, to have this desired end brought about at the earliest possible date. A committee consisting of Messrs. Speak- man, Imison, and Lightburn was appointed to con- fer with the Widnes Corporation, if deemed neces- sary, on the matter. THE NEW TRADES HALL AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday a meeting of the Parliamentary and General Purposes Committee of the Runcorn Urban Council was held, when the draft of the Trust deed of the above-mentioned hall, was under considera- tion. A digest of the deed was given by the Law Clerk (Mr. F. A. Lake), who said it would be advis- able that a committee should be appointed to confer with Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., and the repre- sentatives and the trades societies. The following were appointed, a committee: Mr. P. Speakman (chairman of the committee), Mr. E. Imison (chair- man of the council), Mr. Lightburn, Mr. Williams and Mr. James Kirkham. • Sr. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. A service of song entitled " Nan," was rendered on Wednesday evening in the above-named church, under the auspices of the Band of Hope. There was a very full choir, the members of which entered heartily into the parts assigned to them. Mr. Mat- thew Thomas was the conductor, and Mr. Pritchard presided at the harmonium. There was a large attendance, and the performance was greatly ap- preciated, the audience being deeply impressed by the striking moral lessons conveyed by the service of song. The pastor of the church, the Rev. J. Pal- ford Williams, gave the conne•Jtive readings. The workers of St. John's Band of Hope deserve every.l encouragement in the succesOul work they are do- I ' ing in this department of Christian activity. TEACHERS' SOIRE E AT GB ERNWAY-R0 AD BOARD

Saloom. On Friday evening, the teachers in connection with the Runcorn Board Schools spent a social evening together. Music and games were indulged in, and suitable refreshments were provided. A most enjoyable evening was spent. HALF-Ilona TALSi IN THE LIBRARY.

As wiiit; s;;E: from an advertisement in another column, Mr. Wm. Handley.chairman of the Library Committee, will next Friday evening, deliver a half-hour lecture on "James Brindley, engineer of Duke's Canal." RuNconN CYCLE CLUE. . .

At Wilson's Hotel on Wednesday evenirg.7, the annual general meeting of the members of this club was held. Mr. Percy Wright presided and there was a good attendance. Mr. R. Moore, secretary, submitted a report showing that the season had been a success. He alluded to the races which had taken place in connection with the club, and also to the cycle parade promoted by them which en- abled them to assist the funds of the Lifeboat In- stitution and the Runcorn Nurse Fund. The elec- tion of officers resulted as follows : president Mr. S. Taylor, J.P.; secretary Mr. R. Moore; assistant secretary, Mr. W. H. Mack; treasurer, Mr. Crawford ; captain of Saturday's runs' Mr. James H. Taylor; sub-captain, Mr. Lawson; Captain of Wednesday's runs, Mr. G. Whenyates ; sub-captain, Mr. W Rushden. Messrs. Withington, Hill, 11, Briscow, Hendley, Johnson, P. Wright, Wiswall and Nield were appointed for the committee. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH BAND OF HOPE:

A meeting of this Band of Hope was held on Tuesday evening, in the National schoolroom, Church-street. The proceedings were conducted by the Rev. J. Holden. A miscellaneous programme was submitted and greatly appreciated by the children. . _

===== 0002601_18950119_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. - -

The Runcorn Branch of the Women's Temperance Society held their annual meeting on Monday even- ing, in Brunswick school. The proceedings com- menced with a tea of which 35 partook, the tables being presided over by Mrs. H. Morris and Mrs. T. Bowyer. At the subsequent business meeting Mrs. R. Morris occupied the chair. Miss Littler, the secretary, read the report, which showed that dur- ing the past year the society had held three public meetings, while Mrs. _Metcalfe, of Burnley, had successfully carried on a week's mission under the auspices of the society. Forty pledges had been taken during the year, and it was believed that much good had been accomplished. The treasurer's report, submitted by Mrs. Simkin, showed a balance of £4 after meetings all the expenses, which had been heavier than usual. Both reports were adopted, and the electi3n of officers was proceeded with. Mrs. It. Morris was elected president, and this lady acknowledged the honour in a graceful and appropriate speech. The other appointments were, treasurer, Mrs. T. Cooke ; secretaries, Mrs. R. Harrop and Mrs. John Temper- Icy; committee, Mesdames Bisbrown, Bramhall, Brackenbury. J. D. Jones, Leathwood, G. Marshall, Leach, A. Millinizer, Posnett, Reynolds, Richardson, Simkin, Wilton,Heatherington,and Stafford; Misses Dobson, Littler, and Norman. Arrangements were made for holding the annual public meeting in February.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TITF, DISTRESS AT RUNCORN.

Active efforts are being made to cope with the distress in the town. In addition to the tickets for food distributed by the local committee, who it may be mentioned gave orders to the value of over £B9 last week, several other agencies have been commenced. Owing to distress among boat- people, caused by the frost, a soup kitchen was opened at the Seamen's Mission on Friday, at noon. and was continued until Tuesday. About 600 people were supplied with soup of excellent qua- lity. The promoters of the scheme were Mr. R. Abel, Mr. Crosby (top locks), and Mr. Jonathan Iforsfleld, who was assisted by several friends The work was organised by Mr. Shaw, missionary. On Saturday, through the generosity of Mr. S. Yar- wood and Mr. J. Jones, of the North Western lintel, 60 people above 70 years of age were the recipients of a parcel of tea and sugar. Of those who re- ceived the gifts one had attained the age of 91 years, eleven were over 80, and the rest have lived above the allotted span of life. The total ages came to over 4,520. On Monday morning, and each morning during the past week, over 100 school children at the National Schools, Church-st., have been, through the kindness of several gentlemen, provided daily with free breakfasts, consisting of cocoa and bread and marmalade,and treacle. Several , of the children have, in addition, received boots and clothing. The Bev. Canon wood, assisted by the head teachers and otners, have carried out the work. Mr. A. li. Norman has provided over 160 persons with col.—The weekly meeting of the Relief Committee was held on Thursday evening at the Town Hall, when tickets for relief to the amount of about £9O were distributed. The follow- ing additional subscriptions were reported :—Lord Ellesmere and the Bridgewater Trustees, £lO ; Mr. G, W. II ayeA, £lO ; Mr. W. Hayes jun., £lO ; Mr. G. Lewis, £2 25.; Mr. G. W. Weston, .£1 is.; Mr. W. Lloyd Davies, £1 ls.; Mr. WE. Leigh and workmen, its. The United Alkali Campany have decided to increase their donation of £5 to £lO for the next four weeks. !gr. Morrison writing on behalf of the Comp4ny stated that there was no immediate pro- bability of the works getting into full swing again,, adding that the workmen 571.10u1d be recommended to seek employment elsewhere. At Weston, the Rev. W. N. Stables is daily providing dinner for the poor children of the village. The building, which is to serve as a reading room, is being utilized for the purpose, and nearly 100 children have been accommodated each day. 31r. T. T. Sill,the manager of the chemical works, has also a soup kitchen in operation for tile unemploy ed.

. '

===== 0002601_18950119_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX4NIINEIt SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1895. WARRINGTON.

A STREET INCIDENT.

. '•;i

On Saturday in the neighbourhood of Schools brow, a horse and trap, belonging to Mr. Chantry, confectioner, Sankey-st. and Ilorsemarket-st., had been temporarily left by the driver in Battersby- lane, when the animal was frightened by some children. It at once began to gallop, and turning suddenly into Crossley-sr., knocked off the wheels of the conveyance against the wall. An old woman who happened to he near was knocked down, it is supposed by the re-bounding of one of the wheels from the wall. Broken as the trap was, the horse dragged it through Cockhedge and School-brow, until it was ultimately stopped by some workmen near a stonemason's yard. The woman referred to was subsequently attended by Dr. Peacocke, but was found to have sustained very little injury. LAncEsi TAILOR-MADE JACKETS. in Brown. Tan, and Black Fit and Fsshion guiranteed.--BvAsia., 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.—Advt.

BIITTERII4,REET-ST. MISSION HILL. An excellent entertainment was given in tt e Mission Hall, Buttermarket-st., on Saturday night, in aid of the funds of the mission,by Mr. W. Whit- taker, assisted by other friends. The entertainment consisted of songs, solos, and selections on the con- certina (with farm yard and various other imita- tions), and was much appreciated. Mrs. Ayers rendered in a touching manner, " Sell no more drink to my father,:' as well as other pieces, and Mr. Henry Ileald was also , successful in his songs. Mr. R. Storey presided. A number of persons hav- ing signed the pledge and the usual vote of thanks having been accorded the meeting terminated. On Sunday evening a gospel temperance meeting was held, under the presidency of Mr. James Rigby, when addresses were delivered by Messrs. J. W. Tanner, J. Drury and Riley, the latter an old friend of the mission who has just returned from America. On Monday evening a band of hope meeting was held, conducted by Mr. Horrocks. SPECIAL LINE OF LADIES' FUR-TOPPED LINED GLOVES, 18.111 d. per pair.—Evalis', 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.— , Advt.

WARRINGTON BRANCH SOCIAL DEMOCRATIC FEDERATION.

The first meeting of the above branch was held on Monday, at the S.D.F. Hall, Friars'-gate, when the election of officers took place. The President- elect, Comrade IVilliam Cosgroves, in his presiden- tial address, said they intended to conduct a most vigorous progaganda this summer. He contended that Social Democracy was the only factor that would emancipate the wage-earner from the wage- slavery of to-day. The political parties, whose principles are economically played out, had, he con- tended, never lifted a finger in the. interest of labour, but both parties had done all they possibly could to stem the tide of historical progress and social development. The following were appointed as the executive:—President, Comrade William Cosgroves ; secretary, Comrade A. Brouchemite ; treasurer, Comrade William Codling ; committee : Comrades Wm. Gee, Arthur Chaplin, Wm. Lester, Charles Marlow, Wm. Drewett,_and John Ratcliff.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

I was pleased to notice the alacrity shown by our local officials in having the snow, which fell so heavily throughout Saturday night, removed from the streets. Quite a large number of "unemployed " alen were engaged on Sunday morning to do the work, and they quickly made a passage through the snow, to the great convenience of pedestrian. Thi was in striking contrast to the rather dilatory manner of dealing with it during the previous week, which I commented upon in the last issue of this paper. In justice to those responsible for the. work, their prompt attention to the matter on this last occasion now deserves noting. The men were again engaged on the work on Monday, but if the statement which I hear, be true, that the men are paid at the handsome rate of 2s. per day for re- moving the snow, lam rather inclin. d to think that advantage is being taken of the men's poverty.

Praiseworthy efforts to mitigate the distress which unfortunately is so prevalent in the town, are being made. In addition to the distribution of relief tickets for food,an endeavour is being made to provide tree breakfasts at the Parish schools for the school children. On Monday, over 100 children were provided with a substantial break- fast, and this has been repeated each morning dur- ing the week. Shoes have also been provided for some of the children. This has proved au effective way of getting the children to school,some of whom would most likely have otherwise stayed away. A soup kitchen was also opened for the benefit of boat-people and their children on Friday last at the Seamen's Institute, and was continued until Tues- day. Through the generosity of Mr. S. Yarwood and Mr. J. Jones, of the North-Western Hotel, sixty people above 70 nears of age were on Saturday pre- sented with a parcel of tea and sugar. This reminds me that the Old People's Treat has not been pro- vided this year as usual, but surely the committee who have previously arranged the treat will not allow it to fall through, as the need of it is perhaps more generally felt at the present time than ever before.

The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood at the Runcorn Parish congregational tea meeting on Monday, in referring to the distress in the town, stated that large fortunes had been made in Runcorn, and that some of the people who had made them were now living away from the town. Ile thought if they were made aware of the distress, they would, had they any regard for the place where they had made their money, contribute towards the distress fund. Perhaps some of them will take the hint and send a donatian for the assistance of those who have as- sisted then to make their fortunes, but who may now be on the verge of starvation.

In the same address alluded to, our Rev. Canon took opportunity to preach the blessedness of voluntary schools. If his hearers were in any way dissatisfied wit) the quality of the address which be delivered for their delectation, they were fully compensated in quantity for he "held forth" for at least forty minutes. His chief argument for the continuance of voluntary schools was that of the saving of the rates. But the question arises are not the Board schools with the additional expendi- ture ? The Vicar admits that the teachers in Board schools are Letter paid than those in voluntary schools, and that therefore the school Board are able to command the best teachers. There is not the slightest doubt that the improved condition in the lot of day school teachers is directly attribut- able to Board schools, and further, that the chil- dren attending Board schools in many places, re- ceive a better education than was give' in middle class schools some time ago, and perhaps under far healthier conditions. Few will deny that the Church of England has done much in educatlng the masses, but denominational education is almost spent out, and is now struggling for life. There are even members of the Church of England who would pre- fer oeculos to sacerdotal education in schools, and this latter element is ti• evidtnce in some of the voluntary schools of to-day.

The Ven. Archdeacon Blakeney, who gained such a hold on the working classes in Sheffeld, and!who was buried on Tuesday at Ecclesall, Sheffield, was a brother-in-law of Mrs. Preston, wife of the Rev. Dr. Preston, vicar of of Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn. He was also one of the trustees of Holy Trinity Church. Prior to going to Sheffield in 1877, the deceased gentleman,was vicar of St. Paul's church. Claughton, Cheshire. tie had attained the age of 70 years.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

A GOLDEN-WEDDING PRESENT.—At the meeting of the Weston Bible Mutual Improvement Class on Mon- day evening, Mr. Somerville ( secretary), in moving a resolution congratulating the president of the class, Mr. John Ford, and Mrs. Ford, on the attainment of their golden wedding on the 31st ult., said the members could not allow such an event to pass without placing on record how much they valued and appreciated the services of Mr. Ford in connection with the class. The success of the class was attributable to a great extent to the interest he took in it, and the valuable advice and assistance •he so willingly rendered. Mr. Basle- burst seconded the proposition, and in doing so said he was very pleased indeed to note that Mr. Ford had at- tained so interesting an event in him life, and hoped that he and Mrs. Ford would yet be spared for many years tolconae. The resolution was supported by Messrs. Kirkham, Dodd and Spruce, and enthusiastically carried. The secretary then called upon Miss Edith Smith as the youngest member of the class to present Mr. Ford with the two following books : Thompson's " Land and the Book " and Canon Farrar's" Life of St. Paul," which were ziven in remembrance of the occa- sion. Miss Smith, in making the prstentation, asked the acceptance of the books as a token of their affection, regard, and esteem. In reply, Mr. Ford said that he was very glad indeed to hear that his efforts on behalf of the class were so much appreciated by the members.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHA.M.

FRODSMAII PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.—The first meeting of this newly-elected committee was held on Saturday evening, when Mr. H. E. Meyweed occupied the chair. The chief business was to receive applications for the post of engine tenter and general overlooker Of the Frodsham water scheme. The clerk (Mr. Ashton) pro- duced and read fourteen applications, when after a I.ng discussion it was decided that all the Frodsham appli- cants should attend at the next meeting with any addi- tional applicants who might desire to be appointed. The present applicants were Messrs. C. Scott, E. Sutton, A. Wilson' W. Garner H. Clays, T. Rogers, E. O. Wal- ker, and B. Antwiss. It was decided that the person engaged should have the qualification of a plumber. DISTRESS IN TES TILLAIIIPL—At the Town Hall, Frod sham, on Saturday, a meeting was held to considered what steps should be taken to relieve those in distress through unemployment. Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., was appointed chairman. He stated that from informa- tion he had received, there were numerous cases of dis- tress in Frodskam and locality owing to various reasons. Tne stoppage of the Alkali Works and the Ship Canal Works had had something to d• with the matter.—Mr. Charles E. Linaker stated that a number of people called upon him the previous day for relief, and lie had given orders varing frcin 9d. to Es. 6d. in some thirty cases, the total number representing these families being 131.1 Be had no idea previDusly the: there were so many men out of employment, and, such being the case, he felt obliged to convene the present meeting, in order to take ' steps to provide a fund if considered advisable.—Messrs. T. Riley, W. Shore, T. A. Rigby, H. E. Hey wood, and T. Esrlam, and the Revs. H. B. Blogg and It. Renton also were of opinion that leorne action should be taken.—On the proposition of Mr. Linaker, seconded by Mr. Hey- wood, it was resolved that a committee he elected, whereupon the Revs. H. B. Blogg and R. Renton,Messrs. W. H. Pickering, C. E. Linaker, T. Lewis, T. Earlain, C. Reynolds, W. E. Shore, W. Youd, W. Burroughs, T. A. Rigby, H. E. Heywood, J. M. Williams, and T. Riley, with Mrs. Renton,Mr. S. C. E. Linaker.and Miss Ashley, I were elected. Mr. W. B. Frith was elected treasurer, and Mr. S. Sharp secretary. A number of gentlemen then undertook to contribute for five weeks if paces-

sary. BAcHaLons' BALL.—In the Town Hall, Frodsham, on Tuesday evening, a bachelors' hall was held, when over 80 were present. Elaborate decorations had been made to the ballroom by Messrs. Hitcher' and Squire,of Liver- pool. Gorgeous Japanese decorations had been hung, which were interspersed with liime mirrors. Numerous fairy lamps of various hues were also dispiayecl, making a most brilliant spectacle. Mr. C. H. liilibert, of Frodshain, with his quadrille band, was in attendance, and gave every satisfaction. rEA MEETING.—The annual Church Mothers' tea aid entertainment were held in the Endowed School, Over- ton, on Wednesday evening. Nearly 300 peop'e sat down to the bountiful tea provided. Afterwards,a most enjovable meeting was held, presided over by the Rev. H. B. Blogg, M.A. Several well rendered songs and instrumental soles, &c., were contributed by various fricrid3.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

The annual distribution of prizes to the scholars attending the Wesleyan Sunday School, embraced in the round 0 class, which includes those who have been late or absent on any single occasion during the year, took place on Sunday afternoon in the chapel. Toe Rev. J. Bartley presided,and he was accompanied in the rostrum by Messrs. Cohen of Park-road, F. Clare, W. Pearson, G.. Clarke, W. Clare, and P. Parr secretary.—Besides the children there was a largo attendance of parents and others interested. After formally opening the meeting with singing and prayer, Mr. Parr, the secretary, read the annual school report, as follows " In taking a retrospect of the year 1894, we do not feel that sense of satisfaction at the result ot our work as it has been our wont in former years, due no doubt in a very large degree to the unsettled state we were in during ;July. August and September, owing to the alterations to the school premises ; in fact we are not yet quite settled down, and it is questionable whether we ever shall be until we have premises of our own. Yet, speaking generally, we have much c,1113P for thankfulness and even rejoicing. Our Heavenly Father has been very kind and merciful to us, not one of our workers have been taken away by death, and we are to day, excepting one or two who have resigned, the same band of workers as last year. We are also thankful to our friends and supporters for their kindly interest and help during the past Tear. We deeply appreciate their thoughtful- ness, and rely with implicit confidence upon the like for the year 1895. Our school is divided into 3 sections, viz., senior, junior, and infants, and again subdivided into 32 classes. Teachers and officers on the books 74, of which 39 are required each Sunday. Scholars on the books 475, last year 415, increase 60. Average attend- ance, morning : Teachers 68 per cent., scholars 32 per cent. Afternoon : Teachers 85 per cent., scholars 60 per cent. Teachers, members of society 40; scholars, including those in junior classes 84. With reference to the attendance, he was sorry it was not as good as in former years. They would notice the difference between the afternoon and morning attendance: The attend- ance in the morning was causing them very serious thought, especially amongst the major portion of tho school. There seemed to be an idea that the school was not for them in the morning, but he wculd ask them to disabuse their minds of this, and turn up as well in the morning as they did in the afternoon. The Juvenile Missionary Society has this year far exceeded cur highest expectations, due very largely to the untirine energy of its secretary, Mrs. G. Warburton. The 70 , collectors have gathered together in pence and half- pence the noble sum of over £55 towards our Home and Foreign Missions, and we shall now stand second in the circuit. The Band of Hope and Temperance Society have been very active, holding fortnightly and'monthly meetings, with an average attendance of 182. These meetings are very attractive, mad we promise on behalf of the committee that even still more attrac- tive and instructive programmes will be arranged if the friends will attend, and we would especially urge our young people to make an effort. The Round 0 Cia,93 has not been taken up by the scholars so eagerly as in former years. Perhaps it is owing to our being a little more strict in observing the details of this system. Yet the books on the table though not quite so numer- ous are in quality equal, if not superior, to those of former years, and, taken as a whole, speak well as regards the class of readinr; of our scholars, each recipi- ent having chosen his or her own prize. In addition to the Round 0 prizes we have this year to present three others to the best reciters in a competition which took place the first Sunday in September last. Seven scholars took part viz. : 1 out of the senior school, and 6 from the junior. The successful competitors were, senior school, Frank Emerton, junior school, let Janet Picket, End John W.Gilmour. The financial statement showed, receipts, including a balance of £l7. is. 6d. from last years £79 us. 9d. and expendi- ture £65 is. 51, leaving a balance of £l4 10. 4d. During the year a few of our scholars have been taken from us by death, and we would take this opportunity of tendering to the parents and friensls thus bereaved, our deepest sympathy and assurance of our prayers." Mr. Cohen of Park-road then gave an interesting address, directed principally to the teachers. - . . .

. . The Rev. J. Bartley in making the distribution of nearly 100 volumes, said he felt it a very great honour to have been asked to distribute the prizes. He knew most of the books to be given, and he could say that they ought to be gratified at the selection. There was nothing shoddy. . . .

During the afternoon a couple of sacred solos were sung by Miss Lily Barr, and Miss Ethel Collinge.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR).

I should think the most inveterate grumblers have during the latter end of last week, and the beginning of this week, had quite sufficient variety in regard to the atmospherical conditions to satisfy their peculiar tastes. Frost, snow, and rain we have had in plenty, and just as enthusiastic skaters were beginning to enjoy the pleasure of the ex- hilarating exercise afforded by a good sheet of ice, the demon thaw suddenly put in an appearance, and dispelled the anticipations of a Rood time. Newton lake was frozen over, and on Saturday a arge number of people, despite the strong wind which prevailed, disported themselves upon its urface, which was in splendid condition. On Sunday, however, the thaw set in and by Monday the ice was covered with water. In spite of this, a skating match was held on the ice, but the crowds of people who were spectators, had the good sense to rigidly confine themselves to the banks, leaving the ice free to the two contestants. Had the people been foolhardy enough to venture on the ice, I am, afraid we abould have had a case or two for th coroner.

Not to be outdone by its neighbour at Newt on ' Earlestown has instituted a cycling club, but,mind you, it is to be of a highly respectable character. Its rules which have been drawn up, are quite a study, and the most particular could ind nothing nom to cavil at. The memterehip of the club in not to exceed 20,and so far as the enrollment has iaroceeded, the intentions of the originators have peen upheld. Of course, this is not the first effort bthat has been made to get up such a club, but judging from the standing of the supporters in this case, the present effort should be a i.uccessful one. I have only one objection to it, and that is its evidently expensive character. I am net gifted with a great share of this world's goods, and what little I have, must be carefully guarded. However enthusiastic I may be as a cyclist, I am not pre- pared to go the length mapped out by the officials of the club. Occasionally, a run would come as a pleasant relaxation, but I am afraid there are but few cyclists in Earlestown who will care to indulge in the weekly social rune, on the scale suggested at present.

The introduction of working-men, OR the District Council, does not seem to be working as smoothly at If aydock, as one would wish, and I fancy the chairman, who was chairman of the late happy Board, ends his position not ex- ' actly an enviable one. At the first meeting he was given to understand that there was a good deal of courtesy in re-electing him as chairman, but that there was to be no monopoly in the business. Of course that was superfluous, because the election of chairman rests with the members of the Council. At the second meeting, which was a special one, a contentious member, enjoyed himself by making the chairman as uncomfortable as he possibly could, delighting in extending his remarks, when asked by the chairman to be brief. In fact, he point- blank refused to come to the end of his harangue, although the chairman intimated that be liad another important *engagement. It was not until he threatened to vacate the chair, that the windy councillor condescended to come :to a conclusion. This is how they do thing. at Elnydock, and judg- ing from the composition of the Council, we expect some lively doings in that quarter.

Whatever are the ratepayers of Earlestown think- ing about? They must be asleep,or they don't care two straws what becomes of the tows.ship. They hive allowed a majority of Councillors to be electsid who are favourable to one end of the township,snd who,if one may believe all that he hears, will before long, land us in a position which will cause U 8 to dig deep into our pockets. At Newton they are managing things rather differently. There is a healthy Ratepayers' Committee in existence, and they are in possession of a number of wires, which they are pulling with a vengeance. They meet in secret cooclave, and hatch plans. tor the welfare (?i of the township. The result of these gatherings will be seen at the meetings of the Council, but if the ratepayers ol Earlestown wish to check any high-handed measures, they must be up and doing else they will without a doubt, ere long find them selves subservient to the handful of ratepayers at Newton, and this after years of upward toil.

4,NIMAIS ANi? FISH STUFFED, and 3J mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or r ire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Store Boxes, Nets. for Butterfly and Egg Dolleetors, —B. COON lara/101a and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Llverpoo'. Establiched 20 pars.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TAXPLA.RY AT LATCHFORD.

The us;iti;eseiFy session of the Bonehill Branch Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Templars was held in the Temperance Hall Latchford en Mon- day evening, under the presidency of Bro.L.Ellison, Chief Templar. Arrangements were made for a visit to the Earlestown Lodge. As Bro. F. Lloyd had promised to give an essay, there was an excellent attendance, the subject being " The Drink Traffic and the Work of. the Temperance Party at Home and Abroad." After the reading of the paper,Sister A. Ellison moved a vote of thanks to the essayist for his most instructive and interesting essay. Sister F. M. Pletcher seconded the proposition. The following brethren supported :—A. Ford, J. Bosicow, H. Richardson, B. Few, W. Pearson, A. Swarbrick, 11. Fletcher, J. Ditchfield, and the Chairman, each expressing their appreciation of the essay. Bro. F. Lloyd suitably responded. The meeting closed by singing and prayer. SPECIAL LINE of LIMES' Fun-TOPPEP LINED GLOVES le. DO. per pair.—liviNs% 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.— Advt.

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S ANNUAL CONSERVA- . TIvE BALL. There were about 230 present at the above men- tioned ball which was held at the Conservative Club on Monday evening. The music was supplied by Mr. Percy Randall's baud, and the pro- gramme consisted of 25 dances. Alderman Wright and Councillor Smetburst ably officiated as mastees of the ceremonies. Among those present were the Mayor and Mayoress (Councillor and Mrs. James Fairclough), Alderman Wright, C3nacillors Smet- hurst, Shillcock, Shaw, and Lee ; Mr. John White, J.P., Mr. S. Reynolds, the Misses Reynolds, Hiss E. Gretton-Cope, Mr. Densham, Mr. Logan, Mr. John Roberts (chairman of the Ball Committee), Mr. Thomas Mason (lion treasurer), Mr. R. 11. Daintith (hon sosretary), Mr. Alfred Sutton, Mr. W. Sutton, Mr. Shawcross, Mr. llewitt,Mr. F. Bailey Mr. Grace, Mr. Wethermau and Miss Milner . The supper re- flected considerable credit on the caterers, Mr. and Mrs. Watkins, the manager and manageress of the club. The duties of hon.lsecretary and hon. treasurer were ably discharged respectively by Messrs. Daintith and Mason, to whom the success of the ball is in a great measure due._ •

LA.DIFS TATLOR-MADE:JACKETS,VII:iIrOWU..Tan, and Black Fit and Fashion guaranteed.—RvANs', 17, Sankey-stre Warrington.—Advt. ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE commences on SATUR- DAY. JANUARY 27.—BVANS'. 17, Sankey-street, Warring- ton.—.Advt.

A WARRINGTON BAILIFF Our WITTED. On Monday afternoon a Warrington debtor named Nevins, who had been committed to Walton Gaol. for thirty-six 'days, effected his escape from his bailiff custodian in a simple but efficacious manner. Ile was entrusted to a new bailiff,in whose company he travelled quietly by train towards his destina- tion. Shortly after leaving the train the prisoner halted in front of a public-house door, and, with a look of relief on his face, said to the bailiff, " Oh, just wait outside here, and I'll go in ana fetch out the money in a minute." The bailiff, taken off his guard, let his min go, and waited patiently about until he would appear. Instead of getting the money out, Nevins got himself out as speedily as possible, but by a different door, , whereby he made good his escape. Needless to say the bailiff was very much mortified upon finding that he bad been so well deceived. TIM PROPOSED LADIES' VISITING COMMITTEE AT

THE WORKHOUSE. The sub-committee, which was formed by the Guardians to select suitable ladies for a Ladies' Visiting Committee to the Workhouse, and which consisted of Messrs. W. Houghton (chairman). 8. Davies and George Pilling (vice-chairmen), Mr. W. Hickman, Mrs. Clay, the Clerk (Hr. J. C. Sutton), and Mrs. Ward (matron, met at the Clerk's office an Monday. The first question discussed was the number of ladies who should form the committee. Five were proposed, then six, and also seven. Ultimately six was carried, The second question to decide was as to who should be nominated,wheu the following names were mentioned : The Mayoress (Mrs. J. Fairclough), Mrs. Yonge, Mrs. Carleton,Mrs. J. Harrison, Mrs.J. A. Bdelsten, Mrs. Pigot, Mrs. Francomb, Mrs. For, and Miss B. Dutton, with Mrs. clay, guardian. It was after- wards resolved to write to each of these ladies, to ascertain whether they would accept office. If they all agreed to act on the committee, there is every probability that the whole nine will be elected. The sub-committee will meet again on Monday. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINHN hemmed ind marked, free of share.—J. and. W. DUTTON, Sankey-t.. Warrington.—Advt.

ALL HOUSWHOLD LINER, hemmed and marked, free of eharge.-7. and W. Durrox. Sankey-at.. Warringtou.—Advt. SECOND ANNITHRiaRT OF TRH P.S.A. AT TEM Y.M.C.A.. The largest audience, since the commencement ot these meetings, assembled on the 2nd anniver- sary on Sunday last, when the room was crowded 'and included a goodly number of the fair sex. Mr. Wm. Owen, who presided, expressed his pleasure at the rapid progress which was being made by this P.S.A., and believed that in progress alone was real' happiness possible, either in the case of individuals or communities, lie very much regretted that the inclement weather was responsible for the absence of Miss Dutton. Mr. Owen concluded his address by wishing all present a happy new year. Mr. Roylance, of Moore, gave an interesting address, marked by strong conviction.end interspersed with flashes of humour. Mr. Kent (president) also briefly addressed the meeting. Mr. Simpson's ren- dering of the two solos, "The Ifoly City." and "The Good Shepherd," was a rich musical treat, und the audience gave him an enthusiastic reception. Mr. E. Lunt read the annual report, from which it ap- peared that at the commencement of 1894 the register recorded 53 names, and at its close 101; ; but from various causes the number had been re- duced to 95. The average attendance for the year was— members .56. non-members 13 total 50; as against 49 for the previous year. Tne finances were in a satisfactory condition, and upwards of 200 hocks had been presented to the members. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Hickman accompanied Mr. Simpson upon the piano with his accustomed ability. New members were enrolled.. ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE commences on SATUR- DAY, JANUARY 27.— EVAN,,, 17,iaukey-etr, et, Warring-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
cnia-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL QUArtTER SESSIONS CASES:

At the Liverpo-ol Quarter Sessions which were opened at Liverpool on Tuesday. Alexander Brad- ley (27), a labourer, pleaded guilty to having, at Warrington, on December 14th, feloniously stolen two boot., the property of Samuel Hamer. He was sent to goal for one month. William George Jen- kins (31), joiner, was found not guilty with having at Newton, on December 10th, stolen a silver Geneva watch, a metal case, and four half-crowns, the property of John Bridge.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
. . PAINFUL SCENE IN CHURCII-STREET.

A painful and exciting incident occurred in Church-street on Tuesday afternoon, during the progress of the funeral of a baby from a residence in that thoroughfare. A party of mourners had just seated themselves inside the coach when the horse attached to it took fright. It ran at great speed up Manchester-road in the direction of the Cemetery, and all efforts to stop it proved fruitless until it had reached Robson-street where it ran into the parapet,aud the vehicle upset,and the mourners and coffin thrown were out. Beyond a temporary shock however, they escaped uninjured, and the party afterwards walked to the Cemetery.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FORMATION OF A GIRLS' FRIENDLY SOCIETY.

On Monday evening a branch of the Girls' Friendly Society was formed in connection with the Parish Church, when a meeting was held in the Fairfield schools. The Rector (the Rey. F. W. Willis) presided, and there was a good attendance. Mrs. Bowlby, organising secretary, of London, gave an address explanatory of the objects of the society At the close a vote of thanks was accorded her on the motion of the Rey. A. A. Markham, seconded by Mrs. Dewhurst. n RATH SIDE SCHOOL.

The usual Poiiulat:eriiWafri-riTent7in connection with the above schools was given on Saturday even- ing last. The chair was taken by Councillor James Smethurst, who spoke of the good these social gatherings were doing, and felt sure that they had only to be better known to have crowded audiences. The programme as follcws was very well rendered and gave great pleasure to a fairly goed attend- ance :—Pianoforte duet. Rev. H. and Mrs. Pigot ; song," In the Chimney Corner," Miss Oxley ; song, 6` True till Death," Mr. IV. Davies ; duet, flute and piano, Rev. H. and Mrs. Pigot ; song, " Mary of Argyle," Mr. Hornby, jun. ;-song, " Three beggars," Rev. A. H. Townsend ; pianoforte solo, Mr. A. Picton ; song, "Widow Malone," Miss A. Oxley: song, " The Ocean Wave," Mr: W. Davies ; song, "The Fiddlers," Rev. A. H. Townsend ; song, "In Happy Moments," Mr. Hornby, jun.; pianoforte solo, " Home Sweet Home," Mr. A. Picton. The usual votes of thanks having been given,the enter- tainment was closed by singing " God save the Queen."

:SEWING MACHINES, land £2 18s. 6c1.:2- Treadle ;24 4s. wish I 1 hindsome walnut coven—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 13 Sankey-. Warringtm.—ride. SATURDAY NIGHT POPITLATC,CONCRRTS. Mr. Thomas Longland presided at the weekly concert which was held at the Co-operative Hall on Saturday evening. A capital programme was sub- mitted, commencing with a quartette, " Robin o', Dair," by the Latchford quartette party, consisting of Messrs. Robert Grounds, Fred Brownlow, W. !Starkey, and H. Atkinson. It proved an excellent beginning for the evening, and earned for the vocalists an encore, to which they responded. They also gave " The hardy Norseman," with equal suc- cess, and in response to an enthusiastic encore, "Johnny Slimoker." Mr. Nathan Cook was awarded warm applause for his songs " The Slave Ship " and " A Warrior Bold." Mr. George Whit- field contributed a humorous Lancashire recitation, "A new way of dressing game," provoking much laughter, being encored he gave "A wife's first lesson? Miss Nellie Armstrong was successful in her rendering of her songs, " Caller Herrin'," and " Jack o' Hazeldean," for which she was heartily applauded. Miss Mary Bennett, of Padgate, sang very sweetly " Merry Bird," and "To-morrow will do," and well earned the applause accorded her. Mr. Whittaker conduced much to the evening's enjoyment by his contributions on the concertina, for which he was accorded two encores. Mr. W. Whittle who was the humorist of the evening sang several cosier songs by which he brought out the boisterous enthusiasm of the younger members of the audience, who recalled hint several times. Mr. Finch and Miss Toft accompanied the other artistes. 21s.—Fifty-three articles, Sheffield Cutlery, and Plate. Knives, Forks and Spoons—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge- t reet.—Advt.

RECITAL_ AT BOLL-STRIIET WESLEYAN CHURCH.

Miss Florence Bourne gave a grand recital at Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Monday even- ing, when there was a good attendance. The pro- gramme. was interspersed with musical selections by the Masters Agate of Manchester, whose exposi- tions on the piano and violin were of a very high order, and were warmly appreciated. Miss Bourne's programme was of a very varied character, and she kept up the interest of her auditory from beginning to end. Her first recital was " The forsaken Merman," by Matthew Arnold which she gave in a very appropriate manner. "The chariot race," from "Ben Hur," was next riven in a very realistic style and this was followed by "The dancing ghost," by, Egan Mew, which was written expressly for Miss iFlorence Bourne. Her selections from Shakespeare's ' Merchant of Venice," were given with great his- trionic skill, and the next piece, " Tom's little star," created much amusement, both by the matter and the manner of the recital. A selection from Tenny- son's popular piece," Guinevere," followed, and an American piece, " Matinal reflections," tickled the risibilities of the audience. The programme was brought to a close by " The Orphant Annie," by Riley, in which Miss Bourne imitated the voice of an old woman with great success. Miss Bourne possesses a voice of great flexibility and has all the power of an actor, so that she was able to present every piece to the audience, to the greatest advan- tage. The musical pieces given by the Bros. Agate included violin solo, airs from " Faust," violin 8010, "Carnival of Venice," pianoforte solo, "Alice, where Art Thou ?"

===== 0002601_18950119_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS' SUPPER AT RUNCORN

The annual supper in connection with the Loya• Wright's Pride Past Grands' Lodge. of Runcorn, was held on Thursday evening at the New Inn. There was a represents tiv. sttendance. The post financial pro- ceedings rosou iid ed over by Past Grand Joseph Pritzhard, and toe vice-chair was occupied by P.P.G.M. Burrows, C.S. of the district. A number of toasts were proposed. " Success to the Manchester Unity of Odd- follows" was proposed by the vice-chairman, who coooletl with the toast the name of the chairman. He said he had been an Oddfellow for 20 years and had passed through many of the positions in the district. He became more and more convinced of the soundness of their order, and its ability to fulfil the obligations and contracts entered into with those initiated. Their Unity took the lead of friendly sr•cieties, and there vras not a shadow of a doubt that by joining it the members' were made better citizens.

In responding, Bro. John Pritchard said he was ever ready and ever willing to help forward the great mighty and noble institution—the Mancnester Unity of Oidfellews of which they were waits]. It had implanted and fostered in the minds of its members that true spirit i of self-reliance and self-dependence, which was the basis of their order. To such an extent had the claims of friendly societies taken possession of the people of the United Kingdom that they found,whereas in France only one person in 78, and in Belgium only one in 64 were as- sociated with them, in this country the proportion wa s one in nine. When they came to look at the fact that so large a number of workingmen had spontaneously organised themselves into voluntary associations for support in times of sickness and distress, they must admit that they had a tremendousinfluence for good on the well-being of the nation at large. The speaker pro- ceeded to sp.ak of the history of friendly societies from the year 1613, when a number of Scotchmen formed the " Scottish Box," to the present time, and stated that it was not until the year 1793 that they were recognised by the Government. An Act was then passed for the protection of their funds by allowing them to invest their savings in Government securities. Allud- ing to the Manchester Unity of Odrlfellows, he said it was established in the year 1312. Tile society now held the foremost position among the friendly societies of the land. Their membership was 722,723, and the ac- cumulated capital £8.420,452 43. 6d., or about £ll 13;. per member. In 1893 the amount paid for sick benell; was £662,736 193. 2d., and the funeral tx.riefits £140,297 13s. 91. The bare statement of those figures showed that the power produced by friendly societies . could not fail to have a very important influence upon the well-being and-liberties of the people of this countrç. lie trusied the members would continue their efforts in securing the further prosperity of their Order. He then prooosed the toast "Success to the Past Grand Lodge." P.P.G.M. Wright responded, and mentioned that the pact grand lodge was simply an auxiliary lodge, and the benefits received from it were additional irom the respective societies of which they were members. He stated that thrA lo tee under whose auspices they were net was i in 1837, and Sirtee then £230 had heen paid doe sick, and £35 tor funerals, and the total expenses including the skims spimt on their annual re-unions came to £402 12s. 91. f heir membership was 46, and the total worth of the Lodge £5l 133. 2. or £l_2s. Bid. per member.

The rematncler of the evening was spent in a convivial' manner.

santrti4tintitts nct Classifttb.

ANNUAL CLE A R ANCE SALE. ROBERT DOBSON

RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCES THAT HIS ANNUAL. CLEARANCE SALE WILL COMMENCE ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, JANUARY 23RD. In consequence of the large accumulations of Stock in all Departments SPECIAL REDUCTIONS have been made, and the Goads will be exceptionally cheap.

7, 11, & 13 BRIDGE STREET,

NVAREE.‘7GTON.

GENERA,. RR:WANT WANPRO, about 13. able to mach. 115, Rose-street, Urmston. Manchest-r.

WANTED, ft good GenQral SERVANT.—Queens Hotel, Tyldealey.

THE MARERFIELD PLOUGHING MATCH will be held (ether permit! ing). on TIMBSDAY. the 31st JANUARY. 1895, at Haydoek 1".,0rk, about a tulle trans Newton-le-Willows Station. Bills and particulars can be obtained on application to Newton-le-Willows.

A. FROST, Secretary.

OOKS and HOUSBMAID-WAIThESSES Wanted, also 20 Generals with good characters, may have situations free of charge.— 91, Washway-road, Brook lands.

lITANTRD, good steady GENERAL SERVANT, for V V LiPublio; must be well reconnnended.-111rs. SHAW, Union Arms, Tyldesley.

10S. PEI:. WEEK easily earned in spAre time, either Lex. sample and instrurtions 7 btamos ; genuine.— P.C:KER, Bungay.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; wash, iron; good references,-4, Lime Grove, Longsight, Manchester.

11:11011313AL SEitVANT,—A Wetnan, about 30 years of age; two in family ; pod wages will be given to a " trustworthy person haying good references.—A.pply /ars. IHOWORTII. 12, Adelaide-terrace, Biacl; burn.

OPERA GLAiSES, splondi.l pair for Sale. highly finished, only 2s. 6d. worth 15s. J. IVLESTEH 121 eraveu-street,

WANTED n good strong GENERAL,rnust be abl. to wash. good references required.—Apply Mrs,ParEa DavrEs, 3 Elijah Terrace, Banks-road, Garston, near Liverpool.

AItTIFICIAL TEETH (old) WANTED, value return Post All communications under cover.--Mr, CommaNr.l33, Clapham Park-road. London.

VTANTBD, sufferers fear' Tic, Toothaebe, Neuralgia, to send six stamps f certain cure.—Address W, White- lock-st., Leeds.

AT RS. ROBIHITS. 40, Arrowsmith-terrace, Bolton. has experienced LADY'S MAID Wanting Situation ia good family, good Dressmaker, Hairaresser, aad Packer. All classes of Respectable Servants Wanted at once.

DISENGAGED. Parlour-malds, Housemaids. Cooks, Lienerals, Butlers, Hotel Servants.—Dion's REGISTRY, Trench, Wellington, tihropshlre.

PHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (pod free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisites • new and second-hand; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exchanged. PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. 71, Oxford-street, Manchester (All S ihts).

WANTED, all classes of Experienced SERVANTS. for good situations in hotel and private ; ladies suited daily with good servants at IdasoN's, Cumberland Registry, Millom. Stamped envelope for reply.

EDUCATIONAL.—A Printed List of the best Boys' and Girls' Schools, with full particulars, sent free on application to the .Northern Scholastic Asbociation, Grosvenor Chambers, Deantgate, ,lanchester. Families mad Principals et tchools requiring Governesses, Assistant Mast, rent 'Tutors,'are requested to send a state- ment of their requirements to the Northern Scholastic Assad- ation, Grosvenor Chambers, Mat.thester, where are regis- tered the names of many high-class Tutors and Governesses now seeking engagements.

WYCLIFFE CRURCIL BEWSEY-STREET, WALMINGTON.

ANNUAL TEA MEETING, JAN VARY 24TH, 1896. TICKETS 9d. EACH, CHILDREN 61. MISS BE SSIE D LYTTON, AND Mr. H. U. ASHTON Will Recite.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA ON' THE TABLES a 7 o'clook.

WARR IN UTON WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION.

The first meeting of the newly-formed Warrington Wesleyan Circuit Sunday School Uni.n was held at Bold-st. Wesleyan schoolroom, on Wednesday evening. Previous to the meeting, about 60 persons sat down to a substantial tea. After the tea, a number of reports of the various Sunday schools in the circuit which had been visited by appointed visitors, were read by the Rev. G. D. Mason, and showed that the majority of the schools w:•re in a very flourishing conditi,,n. A short discussion ensued, in which varicus points raised in the reports were discussed. The time, however, was too short for a proper discussion to take place,and the Union would do well to spend another night solely for this purpose.

After this preliminary meeting, a public meeting wan held, to hear an address from the Rev. Robert Culley, of London general secretary of the Wesleyan Sanday School Union. The chair was occupied by Councillor Shaw-Green. who expressed his pleasure at seeing so many present who had taken so much interest in Sunday school work. He was sure that they would receive much information and encour- agemerst from Mr. Culley's address. The Rev. ROBEZT CUL= then gave an address up- on "Discipline, and its possible improvement." At the conunencement of his address, Mr. Culley laid great stress upon the teaching of the catechism in the Sunday school. The Roman Catholics, the members of the Es— tablished Church, and the Presbyterians were very strict in teaching the catechism, and he thought that In that respect, the Methodists would do well to copy them.. Coming to the subjects of Sunday schools, he said that the weakest place in their armour as Sunday school teachers was the discipline of the school. They were very strong in numbers, hut he must confess, niey were not very strong in discipline. There was no institution in the country which exerted such a wholesome influent:* as the Sunday school, and therefore he thought that this ought not to be. He would make a fair suggestion, and give a few causes why this state of things occurred. In Sunday school it was iinpossible to have absolute quietude, but still the opening exercise should be con- ducted with perfect decorum. They could get this if they were determined to keep it. When the scbolare were dismissed to the classrooms, there should not be a smote of confusion. There should also be abso- lute stillness during the singing of the closing hymn,and address, and the elder scholars sh mild also be in the school. As to the causes of disorder, he might say that there was not the same power behind a Sunday school teacher as there was behind a day school teacher. A day school teacher had the stick (laughter), and there was also the law of the land behind him. The Sunday school teacher had not this power behind him. Dual control in the schools was also frequently a cause of ' disorder. It sometimes happened that there were several superintendents, whose mode of govern- ment varied. This caused the scholars to be unsettled, and thus contributed to the disorder. Too rapid moving up of scholars had much to do with it. He thought that the scholars should be under one teacher much longer than they were at some schools. Weak teachi,.; also contributed to Poor order. An in- teresting teacher always had a good class. Indiscrimin- ate giving of rewards also weAtened the authority of the teachers. No scholar should receive a prize for good attendance, if his conduct should been The- closing address of schools should not used as the practice of inexperienced boys, •it the ,1 speaker should be an interesting one. To ker, order, the teachers should be at school a few moments before time, to get order at the commencement ef the schoolr The scholars should each have a hymn-book, , and thus take part in the opening hymn. The superintenden. should not be afraid to Call out the name of a bad scholar, and cliques should always be broken up at once. The teachers should also visit the scholars them- selves. Ih conclusion, he did not think that the scholars.. would stop away from school if good discipline was kept, but that they would have an increased.respeet for it.

fhe meeting was brought to a cloce by the ucual votaa of tanks, and the pronouncing of the tvnedietion.

Accord inff tn the latest reports, there are in the world 140,334 milea of .uh-marine telegraph cable. Of this total the various Governments own 14,480 miles of cable and 21,550 miles of wire : the balance is owned by private companies. Here is an analysis of what is alleged to be the typical American face :—The prominent nose, the sloping fore- head, the fairly large mouth, the full eyes, and the pre- domineoce of the oval type are the natural characteris- tics of an aggressive, ta.lented, and shrewd people, agreeable in manners, but keenly alive to the main chance. It is a composite face, made up of qualities taken from Puritan, English, Scotch, and German sources.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

WEOLITAN BAND OP BOPP .—The second entertain- ment of the season was fziven on Friday evening. rile chair was taken by Mr. Walter Rowe, who was supplrted by the Rev. J. H. Tite. In snite of the very severe weather there was a good attendance. The usual varied and interesting programme of songs, readings, recita- tions &c., was gone through, and a good collection taken at the close.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO DEFEA.7 OUR ENEMIES

Everything that tends to weaken our constitution an render it liable to disease is an enemy of mankind, and everything that tends to withstand the attacks of these enemies and to restore health and strength to the human system is a true friend. Among the most prominent and most dreadful, like so many generals in the attacking orces of the great enemy of mankind—death—may be mentioned the following :—lndieestion, liver complaint, nervous disorders, and chest affections, while the differ- ent symptoms by which these diseases manifest them- selves may be regarded as so many sub-officers in the ranks of the enemy. When any one of these attacks us we may be certain that some of the others are close at band. The stomach, liver, lungs, nerves, and blood, are portions of the body that the enemy is very prone to assail, and if he succeeds in maintaining his position for any length of time in any one of them, and is not quickly expelled, he soon extends his pernicious domin- ions to other parts of the body. When the stomach is dis- ordered, we may be certain that the enemy in some form or other has gained a foothold there, and if the food he not properly digested, the blood does not receive a suffi- ciency of the vital particulars necessary to diffuse through all puts of the system in order to afford proper nourishment to the body. In our climate, affections of the chest are very prevalent in the form of colds, coughs bronchitis, asthma. &e. By the insidious attacks of these various enemies of man, thousands are annually laid low and brought to a premature grave. This need not be the case. The enemies can be defeated and ousted. Make a determined stand against their attacks. Seek the aid of true and tried friends to eject them when they have taken possession of any part of the body. The best friend in such cases, and the one most certain to assist you in repelling the enemy under any of the above guises is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It is a natural remedy, being entirely vegetable, each dose con- taining a suitable quantity of Quinine, together with the active principles of the following well-known medi- cinal herbs :—Sarsaparilla. Gentian, Burdock, Saffron, Lavender, and Dandelion, combined in most happy pro- portions, and concentrated in a pure state, as well as being scientifically prepared to be suitable to all ages, and at all seasons of the year. Above all see that you get the right article, with the name GWILYIH EVANS' QUININE BITTERS on Stamp, Label, and Bottle. Refuse all imitations, and insist upon haying NOTHING BUT GWILIDI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices : Bottles, 23. 9d. ; double size, 4s. 63. Sample bottles. is. lid. To be had of all Chemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO LL A NELLY. SOUuU WALES.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TIIE MA.GISTRA.TES.

A DWELLING-11013SE TEEFT. At the Borough Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. J. Burgess (chairman) and Dr.T.Starkey Smith, William and Elizabeth Beddow, man and wife, were both charged with stealing from the dwelling-house of Thomas Bates, on the Bth December, a blanket value Bs. and from the same place on the 29th December another blanket of the same value, and on Wednesday the 9th January a sheet value 45., all goods the property of Thomas Bates.—Chief Constable Hunt said the com- plainants lived at 195 Longford-street. The male de- fendant was a farm labourer and had a family of two children. They had lodged at complainant's house for seven weeks and on Thursday morning, the 10th inst. Mrs. Bates' suspicions were aroused. and going to the , bedroom usually occupied by defendants, found ' that two blankets and a sheet (produced) were missing. The defendants were asked about the articles and ad- I raided the theft. They were given a certain time to bring them back, and failing to do so, the matter was reported to D.S. Monaghan. On Friday night the 11th inst,P.C. Corbett, arrested the male defendant at com- plainant's residence. On being searched, 64.7 d. in cash and three pawn tickets relating to the articles stolen, which had been pledged at Morton's in Whawick-steeet, were found. The female defendant was also apprehended and brought down to the polies station. Both were charged and replied, "I am guilty." They had offered to pay for the goods but they were then too late, and they seemed very repentant. A conviction was recorded against de- fendants who were then discharged. "TEE TALE OF A AL the Borough Court, on Thursday, before Mr. S. Chandlev and other magistrates, Eliz I Smith, a Police Court character, was charged with stealing from the backyard of William Monks, 61 Sankey-street, a barrel value is. on Wednesday afternoon.—Mr. Hunt, chief constable, said the complainant, Mr. William Monks, was a grocer in Sankey-St., and on Wednesday afternoon Detective-Sergeant Monaghan met the defendant in Mersey-st. carrying the tub. Knowing her character he stopped her and asked where she had got it. Defendant replied that she had found the tub at Stockton Heath, afterwards adding " Wildersnool-road." Monaghan, Suspecting that all was not right took defendant into custody, and at the Police Station she admitted taking the tub from a yard off Sinkev-street, where, on inquiries being made, it was found to be missing. A representative of complainant identified the barrel but did not wish to press the esse.—The Chairman observed that this was defendant's 60th apnearance, she having been upon an average five or six times every year for the-last ten, hut as she appeared repentent she was sent to gaol for 14 days' only.

day morning, the property of Mrs. Massey.—Mr. Hunt, stated that on Wednesday morning the defendant came to Mrs. Massey's stall a nd asked for a pound of onions. He was served by a little girl, Annie Knight, who went I for change and while doing so Mrs. Massey noticed de- fondant " pooketing " onions as quiekly as he could. She went up to him and seized hold of him, while her I daughter, Mrs. Birch, took the onions from his pocket. I Defendant was given ino the custody of a passing con- stable. Corrob )rative evidence was given by Mrs. Massey, Mrs. Birch, Annie Knight, and the constable, and defendant was fined 10i. and costs or 14 days. FOUND IN POSSESSION.—Frances Ellis was charged with being found in possession of a lady's jacket and not being able to give a satisfactory account of It. It was stated that defendant was suspected of having stalen the jacket from the market. A remand until Saturday was given in order to make inquiries when the market people returned.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATIIRDAY.—Before Mr. T. J. Gdlespie (chairman), Mr. T. H. Pearson, Mr. R. Stone, and Colonel J. L.

Wood. SHOCKING NEGLECT OF FARlLY.—Elizabeth Travis was charged with neglecting her family on October Ist in a manner likely to cause them grievous bodily harm. Mr. J. W. Knowles appeared on behalf of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. He stated that the defendant had been summoned to attend a previous court, but she had absconded. In the mean- time she had been arrested at Warrington on the charge of drunkenness and had just served a term of two months. He (Mr. Knowles) asked for a severe penalty to be inflicted as from the evidence which would be adduced, the bench would see that there had been gross ! neglect practised by the defendant.—Inspector McAteer' N.S.P.C.C. stated that on October Ist, he visited the house of the defendant, 75, Church-street, Golborne, in I company with P.C. Simpson. They found the defendant and her children—Peter, 10 years; Patrick, eight years; Mary, six years; James, four years; Bridget, two years; and Elizabeth, six weeks—in the kitchen, in a most deplorable condition, without foscl or fire. He exam- ined the children, and found them in a most filthy con- dition. The shirt which Peter wore, appeared never to have been washed. All the children were covered with body lice, and on moving the clothing, some of the lice actually dropped to the floor. The beds and furniture were also in a wretched condition, and there were scarcely any bedclothes. The smell in the house was al- most unendurable. On the 13th October witness again visited the house, and then found the woman almost helplessly drunk. The children were in the same condi- tion as on the first visit. Upon remonstrating with the defendant she lifted up a chair, and smashed it before their eyes. The defendant had not been brought before the bench earlier, because she had absconded when she received a summons. She was subsequently brought before the Widnes magistrates for some offence, and she then stated she had travelled all over South and North Wales, and Cheshire,'and had been without employment for nine months, which was not true. The magistrates discharged the woman on condition that she would go home. The same night she went to Warrington with her children and became drunk. She commenced beat- ing and kicking Peter in Buttermarket-st. Seeing who she was, witness gave her in charge,and the next morn- ing she was brought before Mr. Garnett, at the War- rington Police Court on the charge of drunkenness. Mr. Garnett on giving the decision of the Bench in the case, said that the prisoner must go to gaol for two months, but had it not been that she was wanted at Newtnn,they would have given her six months.—Dr. Part, Golborne gave corroborative evidence, and said that the condi- tion of the children was worse, if anything, than the Inspector had stated. The children were nourished,but that was through the kindness of Father Bird,lwho took them food, and washed them.—Mr. Gillespie said that the case was painful and disgusting, and the tench would order the prisoner to go to gaol for three months, which was the highest term they could inflict. CLarat AGAINST A FRIENDLY SOCIETY.—James Dear- den, collier, made a claim against the British General Friendly Society, for the premium upon the policy of Annie Ilazelden, who had died in November. Mr. J. P. Mearns, solicitor, St. Helens, represented the plaintiff and the Society was represented by the general secretary, Mr. Turnbull, of Birmingham. Mr. Mearns, in opening the case said that the present 'case was one which the plaintiff lied the privilege of taking either to the County ' Court, or the court of Summary Jurisdiction. and it was sometimes more convenient that the plaintiff should adopt the latter course. James Dearden was a collier, residing at Woodland Terrace, Haydock. He was per- suaded to join the Society above mentioned, and loin- sure his sister, Annie Hazelden, for £l2 18s.. at 61. per week. The policy was issued in June, 1893. The pre- miums were regularly paid until Mrs. Flazelden died in Nov. 1894. Dearden had then paid £1 Si. He then claimed the policy, but the local Secretary came to his house and said that the Society were not prepared to pay the policy at once, but would give him £1 on account. Dearden replied that he would only receive £1 on accsiunt on condition that the balance was paid to him. Dearden could not read nor write, and he then put a cross to a document which he understood was a receipt for the £1 on account. The document was not read over to him. A short time afterwards he was in- formed by Mr. Price Lewis that the Society refuse to pay any more. Dearden then consulted him (Mr. Mearns), and proceedinge were at once instituted.— Dearden then gave evidence in support of Mr. Mearn's statement. In reply to Mr. Turnbull the pliintiff said that he was not aware that Mrs. Hazelden was ouffering from gastric catarrh at the time the policy was taken out. No (lector came to examine her.—Esidence to show that Dearden only signed the receipt for £1 on the condition that he received the balance,was given by Mrs. Dresden, and a son-in-law, and stepson.—Mr. Turnbull said that the society's case was that Mrs, Hazelden was represented to thetsociety as being in a sound state of health when the policy was taken out, She was also stated to be free from any of the diseases which are enumerated upon a form issued by the society. It was not the custom to send a doctor for Small insurances. After the policy had been taken out, the premiums were paid more or less regularly lentil Mrs. Flazelden's death, but upon the certificate of death being examined it was disccvered that the deceased had been suffering from gastric catarrh for three years. This was not an I insidious disease, but a very painful one, 'and plaintiff must have been aware of it when he took out the policy. When this was discovered, the society offered to pay defendant £l' which would he a loss of 3d. to the society after deducting the cost of collection. Price Lewis and Job Whitehouse two servants of the society would state that the document which plaintiff signed was read over to him before he signed it, and there- fore that he was aware of what he was signing.—Evid- ence to this effect was given by the two above mentioned eentlemin.—The bench decided in favour of the plaintiff with COOS. DRUNKENNESS —The following were summoned for drunkenness : Bernard' Williams, and James Connor, Hisodock. fined 2s. 6d. and costs ; John Heaton, Hay- dock, ss. and costs. RUNCORN IPETTY SESSIONS. SATTY RD AY. —Before Mr. Thomas Handley'. THEFT OF A COAT.—John Delaney. suepo Old to have come from Liverpool, was charged with stealing on ths previous day, an overcoat. value 275. 61, the property of William Henry Lightfoot, pawnbroker, High-street, Runcorn. Superintendent Atherton said it was supposed, that the prisoner was passing through Runcorn on the previous day, when he took the overcoat from the shop door of the complainant. He was detected in the rob- bery, and was pursued and caught. He stated that he had been living in lodging-houses at Livernool.—Mr. Percival Unsworth, assistant at his father's clothier's shop, High-st., stated that at four o'clock on Friday afternoon, whilst standing at the door. he saw the pri- soner pass with the overcoat produced under his arm. He thought it was the property of Mr. Lightfnot, anl gave information to them.—Therraa Brown, assistant at Mr. Lightfoot's shop, identified the coat as Mr. Lightfoot's property. He followed after the prisoner and gave him into custody.—The prisoner was re- manded until Friday. MONDAY—Before Sir Richard M. Brooke and Mr. S. Taylor. STEALING HIS FATHER'S GOODS.—John Henry Ratcliffe, 20 years of age, pleaded guilty to having stolen on the Ist December, a silver watch, gold chain, and some articles of clothing, the property of John Ratcliffe.—The eumplainant stated that he wag a labourer, residing at 23, Cavendish-street, Runcorn, and the prisoner was hie son, who lived with him prior to December let. About that time he went acing, and witness missed a silver watch, gold chain, s. ceat, two waistcoats and two pairs of trousers. Prisoner did not eprek to him on leaving, and he last worked for the Ship Canal Company. He identified the articles produced as his property.—Thos. Brown, assistant at Mr. Lightfoot's, said the prisoner pledged the watch and chain produced, on the Ist Dec., and witness gave him £4 for them.—Edward Palmer, assistant at Mr. Dodd'a pawnbroker's shop, Princess-5t., gave evidence as to the prisoner pledging the clothes produced at Mr. Dodd's shop, on December let. Prisoner said hie father had sent him. He was advanced 16s. on the clothes.—P.o Gregory spoke as to apprehending the prisoner at mid-night on the 11th inst. On being charged with the theft, he replied, " That is it, that is right."—Mr. Ratcliffe said he did not wish to press the case against his son.—The Chairman : Well you have brought him here —The Superintendent said there was nothing of a similar character against the prisoner. He had been to Nottingham with the money, and had got into trouble there.—The maaistrates imposed a fine of £1 including costs, or in default 14 days' imprison- ment. TREFT OF Coat.—Two children named Catherine Glover, and Henry Lyons were summoned for stealing 1241b5 of coal, the property of the Manchester Ship Canal Company.—Mr. Garratt, storekeeper for the Canal Company at the Old Qnay, Runcorn, stated that on Friday afternoon, in consequence of a large quantity of coal having been stolen from the Old Quay, he came to the police station for the assistance of the police. The coal produced was similar to that used by the Canal Company, and was worth about one shilling.—R.C. Gregory deposed that on Friday evening he went to the Old Quay,and met the two defendants in company with four little children, carrying coal. The defendants carried a sack of coal each, and tbe other children were

A

:

e :

===== 0002601_18950119_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN° tt, CASES.

.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FRlDAY.—Before Councillor William Pierpoint chair- man), Dr.Grornall and Councillor H.Roberts. A WARRINGTON DESERTER—john McAuley, was charged with being a deserter since December 30th from the South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford Barracks. P.C. Newey deposed to arresting the defend- ant on Thursday night, DefeEdant was ordered to lae handed over to the military authorities. A YOUTHFUL THlEF.—Samuel Fiddler (11), 118, Pier- point-street,was charged with stealing from the dagger's shop of John Birchall, 77, Catherine-street, on Wednes- day night, a pair of clogs value 2s. 3d. his property. The evidence showed that of Wednesday night, Mrs. Birchall was sitting in her house when she heard a noise in the shop, and going there found the defendant with a pair of clogs under his arm. She spoke to him, hut he ran away and on complainant following, he dropped the clogs. P.C. Clough proved apprehend- ing the defendant. The latter whu hag been guilty of theft before was sent to a reformatory for five years. CHILD NEGLECT.—" Two LOVELY BLACK EYES." Yesterday at the Borough Police Court, before Coon- cillor Wm. Pierpoint (chairman), Councillor H. Roberts and Dr. Gornall, Catherine Cruise, Lee-street, Prescot, was charged with neglecting her four children, in a manner likely to injure their health. Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.O , said that defendant was the wife of Thomas Cruise, labourer, Prescot, and she is the mother of four children, John 9 years, Thomas 7, Peter 2, and Alice 3 weeks. It appeared that tile defendant left Prescot, on Monday morning and came to) Warrington, where she stayed for the night at Daly's lodging-house, Scotland- road, and in the morning she left at 8.30. In conse- quence of a complaint by two ladies, the inspector went in search of the defendant and found her in Winwick- road. The children were on the other side of the road, begging at the shops, and then crossing and handing defendant the money. When the inspector got near her he observed that she had "two lovely black eyes." She asked him for two coppers and said "I have a large family and my husband is dead." Witness questioned defendant but did not get much information from her. She was afterwards seen in Horsemarket-street, begging and in drink. The morning following, the inspector took her in charge and handed her over to P.C. Barlow. Defendant was taken to the workhouse and while there she turned round to the inspector and used some very filthy language to Aim. She was then brought down to the police station. The youngest child was in a very dirty condition and none of the others appeared to have been washed for some time.—P.C. Delahay and P.C. Barlow corroborated the inspector's statement.—The Chairman in condemning the defendant's disgraceful condition, said he thought the best place for her would be the workhouse, but for her offences against the law she was sent to gaol for one month's hard labour, and the children to the Warrington workhouse. MoNDAY.—Before the Mayor (Councillor James Fair dough, chairman), Alderman Harrison, Mr. J. W. Hayward, and Mr. F. Monks. OcCastotiar. LlCENSE.—Councillor Shillcock applied for an occasional license to sell intoeicatins, liquors from 8 p.m. to 3 p.m. on the occasion of the Workingmen's Ball at the Conservative Club on Monday night. The application was granted. FIGHTING IN THE STREET.—CIvirIeS WilmhUrSt and Frank Swanton were charged w4th committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Buttermarket-9t., on the sth January. P.C.'s D‘lacock and Foster proved the case. Wilmhtirst's defence was that Swanton insulted his young; lady," and also struck him. He had himself only acted in self-defence. The Bench discharged Wilm- hurst, and fined Swanton 51. ILL-TREATING A FlOaSE.—Thomas B tyley was charged with working a horse whilst in an, unfit state on the Ist January, and Joseph Owen with causing the same to be worked. Beth detendants pleaded guilty, and after Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A., had proved the case, Owen was fined 53. including costs, and the boy Bayley was discharged. TITESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and Dr. T. Starkey Smith. IRREGULAR ATEENDANCE AT SCROOL.—The school at- tendance prosecutions were resumed after the winter holidays, and the following persons were summoned for the irregularity of their children at school James Sloane, Crossley-st.. fined 2; 63. ; Daniel Poole, Wake- field-st., 55. ; Walter Lunn, 5;. ; and Wm. Bloomfield. Glass House Row, ai. 6d. Mr. Riley conducted the pro- secutions. THtrasnay.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (chairman), the Mayor, and Alderman Sutton. Ano-runu MARKET STALL THEFT —James Burnes was charged with stealing from the market stall of Mrs. Massey four pounds of onions, value 41, on Wednes-

•

===== 0002601_18950119_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1895.

each ha possession of a cob of coal. On seeing witness they dropped the coal, and ran away. He followed the defendants into Grindrod-square. On charging them with the offence the female defendant replied " We hadn't got any coal in the house, and I went and fetched a little." The lad, Lcons, said he took a lump, but had never taken any before.—Mr. Garratt said the Canal Company were not anxious to press the case, but they wished it to be a warning to others. On Thursday, over a ton of coal was taken away. The defendants were dismissed with a caution. HE FAILED TO APPEAR.—Jatnes Littlemore, tailor,was summoned by his wife, residing in Greenway-road Runcorn, for arrears due for the maintenance of his family as levied by the magistrates. The defendant did not appear.—The 'assistant-Clerk said that the case was adjourned about a fortnight ago in order that the de- fendant might endeavour to come to some arrangement with his wife. He was bound over in his own recogniz- ances of £5 to appear there that morning.—The com- plainant said he had never offered to pay her anything, and he had sold his goods and gone away.—The magis- trates declared the recognizances estreated, and another warrant was issued for the defendant,'F; apprehension.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PErrY SESSIONS. WBDNESDAY.—Before Major Pick mere (chairman), and Mr. J. Crosfield. A SLEEPY DRIVER.—John Rimtner, Rixton, was fine 2s. 61 and costs, for being asleep while in charge of a horse and lurry in Rixton. DRUNK. AND DIORDERLY.—For drunkenness George Walsby, Croft, was fined ss. and costs ; Peter Moss, Sankey, ss. and costs. No NAME ON CART.—James Simcock was charged with using his cart in Manchester-road, Woolston, on January 4th, without having his name painted upon it. Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins who represented the defendant, pleaded guilty, and explained that the cart was on sale and was only used temporarily, and, therefore, Mr. Simcock had put the name in chalk on the cart. Of course this was wrong, but it was done in ignorance of the law, and the defendant was prepared to pay costs. The magistrates agreed upon this offer. ALLEGED POLLUTION OF SEWERS.—Charles Holland,' Richard Graham, and Messrs. Kelly Bros., all of Rixton, were charged with not ceasing to turn sewage into the drains, in Bank-st., Rixton, on October 13th, 1391, Mr. A. G. Steel, barrister, Liverpool defended.—Frank Ker- foot, nuisance inspector for the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council, said that the proceedings were taken under Sections 95 and 96 of the Public Health Ant. On October 13th, a notice was served upon the defendant to abate a nuisance caused by the drainage of their houses being turned into a drain which was formerly a water course. The watercourse a short distance further down entered upon land in the occupation of market gardeners, who had to wash their vegetables for the market in it. Not only that, but it was also used for drinking purposes for cattle,and their milk has been so bad that it had to be thrown away. The drains of the water closets of the house of Messrs. Kelly Bros., also drained into the water coume, and during last summer it had been most offensive.—Mr. A. G. Steel said that he did not disputa the facts of the case at all, so that he did not think it necesrary to go into details. According to cases which had been de- cided, it was laid down that a sewer had a very wide meaning, and that if a watercourse received the drains of several houses it became thereby a sewer By the proceedings which were taken that morning, the War- ringtun Sanitary Authority were endeavouring to get out of the obligation which was imposed upon them by the Public Health Act. They were responsible for the drainage of their district, and it was they who ought to lay down proper sewers. They had also, by Act of Parliament, full control over the sewer in question, as that Act referred to, vested all existing sewers in them. He also contended that after the sewage had left the houses, the occupants were not in the least responsible for any nuisance is might cause—. Mr. Keifoot said that the houses were built before the passing of the Public Health Act, and therefore the Sanitary Authority had then no control of the construction.—Mr. W. Owen, sur- veyor to the Warrington Rural District Council, also addressed the Bench. He said that had the houses been , built at the present day, they would not have been passed. If a drainage scheme were adopted to include those houses, it would entail a eost of £2,000 upon the Authority. The houses were not in a neighbourhood with an increasing popula- tion. Dr. Sephton, medical officer to the Authority, said that here was great danger of fever from the state af the drains, and he could not answer for the consequences if it were allowed to remain Cesspools might be formed, and the sevroge could be used up in many ways.—Mr.Steel said that this did not do away with his contention that the defendants were not responsible. In fact, Dr. Sephton was making a strong case against the Sanitary Authority, who were responsible.—The magistrates dismissed the case. VAGRANCY.—James Whittle was sent to gaol for 14 days for sleeping in a hut belonging to Lewis Brookes, Woolston, on January 15, and having no visible means of subsistence. The evidence showed that the prisoner had broken a window in order to get into the hut, where he was found asleep.

"ONCE UPON A TIME."

Ah ! what memories, hopes, sad-fated, Scene-shifts in Life's pantomime— With this phrase associated : Once upon a time" ! See yon old man, shrunken, weary, Toddling on in saddest plight, Bent, his form, his eyes are bleary— What a piteous sight ! Time was when he trode so sprightly— Straight, robust in manhood's prime—. Wild fandangoes danced he lightly, " Once upon a time." There's old Purstiff, anxious, dumpy, Now Love's follies doth taboo— Shuts his daughters up, so grumpy. Lest young men,them woe. Ah ! the nights he spent love-trysting, Full of Love's delights sublime ; Oft on " stolen kisses" feasting, " Once upon a time !" There's the old maid," strict " as could be, Urging st*rongly as she can, On young lasses that they should be— Ware of "wicked man." Who could think she loved with rapture, Wrote a lot of amorous rhyme, Arts and wiles used " man " to capture, "Once upon a time" ! We, in mid-age, find Life's progress Dull, monotonous, and drear, Hope's fair goddess an old ogress, Joy's outcome—a tear. Ah ! how bright Life's dome shone o'er 113 ; What grand fairs- heights we'd climb; Love. ambition, fame before us—, " Once upon a time " ! enmitiPs, divorces. Much that lead to strife and grime— Love and Friendship had for sources, "Once upon a time."

AD&DI NEWSBNSE.

Warringtcn, January, 1895.

STOCKTO-i`T HEATH.

PARISH COUNCIL MERTIN3.—On Monday evening a special meeting of the Appleton Parish Council was held at Stockton Heath, for the purpose of considering the proposed extension of the borough boundary to the Ship Canal. Mr. Davenport presided, and there ere also prasent Messrs. Wm. Richardson. Ashton Haves, F. Pearson, John Hedgcock, Thomas Hampson, William Coppock, Hugh Darbvshlre, John Whitlow, John Derby- shire. Henry Eyes, Rabert Roughsedge, and John Elli- son (assistant overs'eer). At the last meeting Mr. Pear- son moved a resolution to the effect that the extension of the borough boundary to the Ship Canal be strongly opposed by the Council. This was seconded by Mr. Whitlow and carried unanimously. The feeling of the Council was still strongly against any extension of the borough in the direction of Stockton Heath, but as the Town Clerk had written asking for an interview on the subject on behalf of the Corporation, it was res,lved that Messrs. Davenport, Knowles, Eyes, John Whitlow, Itiar9h, and Richardson form a deputation to meet the Town Clerk to hear the terms the Corporation proposed to offer the Council.

It appears from the report of ths British Sou th Afrie Company, which was posted to shareholders on Wednes day night,that the cost of the Matabele war to the Corn pany was -2113, 183.

7°,1.= Arrj p Tr, # T

===== 0002601_18950119_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MIRACLE AT A RECTORY. !mg! STRANGE OCCURRENCE IN SUFFO K.

Three or four months back we told (says the "Essex Telegraph ") the story of the miraculous cure of a young woman of Great Bentley, whose friends had despaired of her life. A second case, which a represen- tative of the " Essex Telegraph " investigated more re- cently, confirms what was reported en that occasion. A new and wonderfully simple every-day remedy has been found, different and apart from ordinary medi- cine, and remarkably efficacious in very diverse diseases. The "Telegraph" reporter called at Brant- ham Rectory, and saw Mrs. Emily Youngs, who at once confirmed certain rumours of her extraordinary re- covery which had provoked the reporter's visit. "Thank God," said she, "I can work and sleep now, and if there are any who suffer as I did, I shall only be too glad to tell them how to get relief." " In the beginning of 1894," Mrs. Youngs continued, "I was attacked with rheumatic pains in the arm, se severe that it became practically useless. I could not, work; I could not sleep ; I could not raise my hand to my head, and had to get assistance in dressing. I tried embrocations, but got no relief, and then I had the advantage of careful attention from a skilled doctor, and went to Ipswich for treatment, but came back no better, and feeling quite unable to carry out my housekeeping duties, I made arrangements to relinquish them. Just then I read in one of the local papers of a wonderful cure effected by the aid of Dr. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and resolved to give them a trial. After taking one box I was:much better. I bought a second box, and by the time I had got half way through its contents I was quite well. My arm had completely recovered, and I was also feeling better in health generally, than I had done for many months. The cure was complete, and I think Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a splendid medicine. I am able now to work, and to carry out my household duties with pleasure. There are many poor soffering creatures who ought to know that they can find relief in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a perfect blood and nerve restdrer, and an unfailing cure for rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locornotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, prostration,&c. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while, in the cases of men, they effect a radical cure in all cases arising from , mental worry, overwork, or excesses of whatever

nature. The Pills are sold by all chemists,or may be had direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Holborn- viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are never sold loose ; the wooden box must be in a pink wrapper bearing the i full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANKING COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK LIMITED.

ANNUAL REPORT. The following report of the Directors of Parr's Bank- ing Company and the Alliance Bank Limited, will be submitted to the Proprietors at the 30th annual ordinary general meeting of the Comnany, to be held at the Cannon-at. Hotel, London, E.C., on Thursday, the 24th of January :—" The Directors, in submitting to the shareholders the balance sheet a the Bank at 31st Dec., 1894, certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects of the business continue to be in every way satisfactory. Including £34,628 3s. 10d. brought forward at the 30th June, 1894, the net balance of profits, after providing amply for all bad and doubt- ful debts, and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent. is £135,031 95. 3d., from this sum the directors recom- mend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 19 per per cent, per annum, free of income tax, for the quarter ended 31st December. 1894, to be payable on Ist Feb., 1895, £47,500. Dividend at the same rate f.-,T the quar- ter ending 31st March, 1895, to be payable on Ist May, 1895, to the shareholders whose names shall be on the register on 18th April, £47,500—£95,000 ;—to Bank' premises account, £5,000—£100.000 ; leaving balance to be carried to next account, £35,031 9s. 3d. During the past six months the directors have acquired the old established business of Messrs. Croxon, Jones and Co. (Old Bank), Limited, Oswestry. Mr. F. G. Buller Swete one of the Directors of that Company has con- sented' to act as local director. A suls-branch has been established at Standish, near Wigan. The directors who retire at this time by rotation are Mr. A. J. Fraser, Mr. N. if. Eckerslay, Hon. W. St. J. F. Brodrick, M.P., Mr. William Dunn, M.P., Mr. H. B. Muir, Rt. Hon. Lord Playfair, K.C.8., and Mr. H. C. Ross, all of whom are eligible, and are recommended for re-election. The auditors, Messrs. Turquand, Youngs,l3ishop and Clarke, London, and Messrs. Stead Taylor and Stead Liverpool, also retire, and offer themselves for re-election,"

===== 0002601_18950119_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY

COMMITTEE.

-- The first meeting of the newly-formed Free Library Committee at Runcorn was held on Tuesday evening in the Board-room. There were present : Messrs. William Handley. S. Pope, T. Riley. and J. D. Jones (librarian). THE CHAIRMANSHIP AND VICE-CHAIRMANSHIP. Mr. S. Pope moved that Mr. William Handley be ap- pointed the chairman of the committee. Mr. Riley seconded the nroposition which was carried unani- mously.—Mr. Grice was appointed vice-chairman. It was decided that the time of meeting should be altered from 8 o'clock to 8.15 p.m. THE BOOK SELECTION COMMITTEE. It was resolved that all the members of the Free Library Committee should cempose the abolie-named meeting as heretofore.

FINANCE. The financial statement- submitted showed that the receipts amounted to £35 N. 43. as follows :—Balance in hand, £34 54. 6d. ; fines, lie. ; tickets, Ils. Bd. ; and catalogues, is. 2d. The payments were—salaries, £5 ; new books, £6 ss. ; magazines and newspapers, £8 6s. sd. ; fittings, £6 O. 6d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £9 17s. sd. OFFER BY MR. BRUNNIIR, M.P. A letter was read from Mr. Sutton, bookseller, Deans- gate, Manchester, intimating that Mr. Brunner, M.P., had instructed him to forward at his expense a copy of Orturod's "History of Cheshire," if the Library Committee were not in possession of a copy. The Librarian stated that the committee had the book in the library. It was decided to thank Mr. Brunner for his offer.

THE HALF-HOLM TALKS. The Librarian was instructed to thank, on behalf of the committee. Mr. Wilding and Mr. Ogle for their lectures, and also the Chairman at the half-hour talks in the library on books and their authors. It was stated that the lectures had proved useful in introducing cer- tain books to readers. THE MONTHLY STATEMENT. The Librarian's statement showed that the total num- ber of books issued during the month of December was 1833 in the lending department. and 49 in the reference department,making a total of 1882. This was an'increase of three in the lending derrirtibent, and a decrease of eight in the reference department as compared with the corresponding menth of the previous year. The books issued in the lending department were as follows : Theology 28, philosophy 14, science 74, history 137, poetry 16, fiction 1381, miscellaneous 183. The follow- ing gifts were reported : By Mr. John Simpson " Memoirs of Libraries " 2 vols.; and Miall's British Churches and the British people. By Mr. Walton Milling- ton, Tebh's " Recrudescence of leprosy and its causa- tion." Bradford Free Library report.

A baby stores away energy in fat. A child or an adult stores up energy in solid flesh. Scott's Emulsion develops this energy in young and old alike. It gives strength, over- comes excessive waste, and ensures healthy digestion and assimilation of food. (3)

,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH TEA MEETING.

THE VICAR ON BOARD SCHOOLS. Runcorn Parish ghurch congregational tea party was held in the National Infants School on Monday evening. There was a large attendance at tea, the tables being presided over by the following ladies :—Mrs. Wood, Miss White, Misses Smith, Mrs. Sutton, Miss Bate, Misses , Timmins, Mrs. Gregory, Mrs. James Littler, lilies John- son, Mrs. Abel, Mrs. W. Jones, Mrs. Collier, Mrs. J. S. Davies, Mrs. McLennan, Mrs. Holden, Mrs. Hamilton, Mrs. Crosby, Mrs. A. Salkeld, Mrs. Briscow, Mrs. W. B. Kay and Mrs. Anderton. After tea, the room was prepared for the entertain- ment, at which the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, M.A. (vicar), presided. A programme of vocal and instru- mental music was submitted and greatly appreciated by the audience. Misses Comerford and Simkin and Messrs. Littler and Branch formed a quartette party, and well rendered several pieces during the evening. Solos were sung by Miss May Clare, Miss Simkin, Miss Comerford, Mr. Branch, Mr. Pownall, Mr. H. Clare, and Mr. Wilkinson. Mr. F. L. Scott contributed a humorous song, and duets were given by Messrs. Littler and Branch, and Misses Clare and Simkin. Mr. Cyril Chantler quite delighted the audience with his recital of 'Captain Norris," and in response to vociferousapPlause gave another recitation, entitled, " How Rubinstein played the piano." Mr. R. Birkett Musgrove. organist at Frodsham Parish Church, was the accompanist dur-

lug the evening. During an interval, the Rev. Canon Wood delivered an address. At the outset he referred to several changes which had taken place during the year. At the begin- ning of the year they were all exceedingly sorry to lose Mr. Montgomery, whose place had been taken by Mr. Firth, and they would all agree with him that it would have been difficult to get anyone more accept- able. There was another change about to take place. They were about to lose Mr. Holden, and although they were sorry that he was leaving them, yet they were very glad that he had been promoted to be vicar of Antrobus. (Applause.) Mr. Holders had been amongst them almost seven years. He was not going until after Easter, when he would have completed seven—the perfect number—of years amongst them. tie did not think Mr. Holden had made himself one enemy,but was sure he had madetimany friends. He was unablo to tell them who was going to take Mr. Hal- den's place as he did not know. There had been a great many changes in their schools. The speaker then referred to the promotion of Mr. Lindsey, Mr. D. S. Garner, Mr. Rhodes, and Miss Highfield,who had been engaged in their day schools. They had now a number of new teachers, who, he was sure, would keep the re- putation as high as ever. It had been to him a source of the greatest pleasure and satisfaction to be able to feel that an addition to their schools had been made. He thought it was three or four years ago since he ven- tured to indicate to them that an enlargement to their schools was necessary. It was then met with a great deal of incredulity, but when H.M. Inspector came down he told them that their schools were too crowded, and that they could not take as large a number of chil- dren in future. The res :It was the enlarge n ent of the schools, and the rooms would be ready for the reception of girls in a few days. They had spent from £450 to £5OO in making the alterations. He felt perfectly con- fident that the voluntary school system was going to re- main much longer than some people thought it would do. He had no desire of reflecting on the Runcorn School Board,the Board schools,or Board school teachers. or anything connected with the Runcorn Board. He had the greatest respect for the headmaster of the Runcorn Board schools. He was glad to 'say that the Board did their work with the greatest economy possible, consistent with efficiency. But he wished to call their attention to the fact that the Board schools had got the rate. Having rates, which were almost bottomless purses to dip into, the School Boar.l were able to give the best education. They offer, I larger salaries to the teachers than could be ' offer.-1 by the voluntary schools, and were thus able to draw from the free schools the best teachers. He did not t lame the teachers, but when they had taken them away, people sang out in the newspapers how much bett-r Board schools were than voluntary schools. They were told that their voluntary schools only earned a government grant of 18s. id. per child, whereas the Board schools had got 18s. 11d. But what was the difference paid in salaries ? Well, in voluntary schools the salaries paid averaged a little more than £1 83. per child, whereas the Board schools paid £1 175., so that they spent 93. extra in salaries, and at the examination they earned Ild. or 10d. But there were some people who had a perfect mania for upsetting the voluntary schools and putting Board schools in their places. They thought they could make the education of children much better all the world over by Board schools. If they were all Board schools then it would be only one Board bidding against another for the best teachers. .fhere was this curious little point—if the voluntary schools were given up there would be tremendous ex- pense for building. He supposed he might use the illus- tration they had in the town. Their Wesleyan friends, for good reasons or for bad, had made up their minds that they would not maintain their voluntary schools. The consequence was that the Board was at its wits end to provide a new school. The cost to build a school averaged about £l2 for the accommodation of one child, but he did not suppose the lioncorn Board would spend more than £lO per child. But if they spent that much it would mean that £7,000 would be taken out of that unhappy town to supply the place of the Wesleyan school, to say nothing of the additional expenses afterwards. He wondered whether any reasonable person could wish that to be repeated. He hoped they would grasp the situation fully. The care of the church people for the religious education of the children was saving the public a great deal of money. Every person who paid rates, whether they compounded them or not, would if those schools were closed, have a very considerable addition made to the rates. When they came before them, as they did once a year,for the support of their free schools, he con- fessed that he had been surprised to find such a very small response made. But they had been able to carry out their alterations at that school, and they had also got the money. He was not going to tell them where they got the money from, but there was one gentleman he wanted to thank publicly and that wee Mr. Edwin Imison who had helped him greatly in the work. The speaker then referred to the local authority charging them additional rates for the school, which he con- sidered was not fair play. It would he a good thing if the Authority would let that school and other free voluntary schools be free from rating. They eould de so if they wished, but if they did not, he was quite persuaded that there would be an Act passed by the lAgislature which would prevent them rating voluntary schools. Alluding to the distress in the town, the speaker said that from what he could learn from a pro- minent gentleman in the town, one of the Runcorn works had still got on hand the whole of a ceriain kind of their product which was made last year, and had not been able to dispose of any of it. He was afraid the town had to look forward to a difficult time,but he was I very glad that some people had beefi good enough to help those in need. They were able to distribute some- thing like £9O last week, but £9O would not Igo far when they had to assist hundreds of I people. He was sorry to , say that the most they could do at pr ,sent was to give a man and his wife and say six children, about seven shillings a week. Now was the time for men who were able to give money, to give it. Some of the child- ren came to ECIIOOI without any breakfast, and some without shoes to their feet. On one morning there were 113 children in the school who wanted some breakfast. The Chairman then spoke of the efforts being made to provide free breakfasts at the school. There were very many gentlemen connected with the town who did not live in Rlirlenftl, and perhaps were not aware of the distress.. Large fortunes had been made in Runcorn, and if those people had any regard for the place where they had made their money, they might help the people in distress at the present time. In addition to provid- ing fond,..they ought to be able to add. a certain quan- titr of coal. (Applause.; In eonclusion, the Vicar al- luded to the recent elections, stating that he now occu- pied a very proud position, having been elected chair- man of the Weston Parish Council, and a member of the Runcoon Board of Guardians.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
• STARTLING INCIDENT AT A MEETING.

The Duke of Argyll attended a great Liberal Unionist ' gathering in Glasgow on Tuesday night, and after he had spoken for twenty minntes, and was describing the different kinds of Prime Ministers Great Britain had had in the past, he was seen tc change colour, his voice sank away to a whisper, and he fell with his head upon the deQk and then reeled into the arms of Lord Kelvin. There was intense excitement in the building, the duke's mouth being tight and his eyes closed. All of a sudden he awoke as if he had been dreaming,and stared around, , not seeming to realize where he was. After being at- tended to, he regained consciousness, and a motion of sympathy with him having been unanimwsly carried, the meeting dissolved.

Sir William Harcourt, replyitur to a resolution passed by the Welsh Temperance association on the urgency of the Direct Veto Bills save his utmost mairti one will be employed to forward the cause which both he and the assrciation have at heart.

_-UTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the.teeth'and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT; 2s. 61

BEV-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE 'ER PILLS,

;wall Pill. mall Dose. nall ?rice. ,rty Ia

Purely Vege- table.

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. Chemists, is. lid.

,

LIV. SM, Small eAR Sma) ITTLE Foy IV . s

===== 0002601_18950119_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
e

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

6 6 IT'S WORTH A THOUSAND A. EAR

WARRINGTON ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Warrington Anglers' As- sociation was held on Tuesday evening at the old Masonic rooms, Sankey-st., when the chair was occu- pied by the president, Mr. J. Mawsen, and he was also supported on the platform by Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), W. H. J. Jenkins, and P. Knight (sec.) Before the business of the meeting commenoed, Mr. Knight read a letter from Mr. E. M. Crosfield, J.P.,who apologised for not being present that evening on ac- cotmt of a long standing engagement. He offered to stock:the River Gowy with Loch Leven trout,and asked the members' opinion upon the matter. Mr. JENKINS then explained that Mr. Mawson was very unwell and that he would not be able to say muoh to them that night. With reference to Mr. Crosfield's letter, he might explain that Mr. Mawson had resolved to retire from the position of president which he had occupied so long, and the committee had thereupon de- termined to recommend the name of Mr. E. M. Crosfield as his successor. Mr. Crosfield had promised to accept the position, and among other things he was prepared to stock the River Gewy, which the Society had obtained the fishing rights of,with Loch Leven trout. (Applause.) SECRETARY'S REPORT. Mr. P. Knionr,in presenting the annual report of the association, said that the past year had been a fairly successful one. Although the membership had decreased from 249 in 1893 to 193 for the past year, the income showed an improvement through the payment by hon. members of the higher scale of fees, and by private donations. They had concluded arrangements with the Earl of Shrewsbury and Talbot for the fishing in the River Gowy, and an agreement had been signed by which they had secured the whole of fishing rights on the Trafford estate at a yearly rental of £2O. They had not a very good report of the Lymm water except that a fair number of well-fed pike had been taken, the largest of which over 6ilbs., took the prize for the bast specimen. They regretted to report a very serime financial loss in connection with the exhibitien of fist and fishing; tackle held in the Gymnasium in June last. There was an excellent lot of exhibits, but for some reason it was not supported by anglers and friends, and it resulted in a loss of over £B. Two angling contests had been held during the year, one at Beeston Castle on August 23rd, and at North wich on August 25th. Owing to climatic conditions, there were only 17 competitors at the former, but there were 57 in the second. Eighteen prizes were given to the value. of £9 is. They had received a letter from the secretary of the Provincial Anglers' Association to the effect that the London and North-Western railway had granted the privilege of c'leap tickets to three stations, which was followed five on the Great Western rail- way, and four on the, Cambrian, making twelve as fol- lows :—Hartford, Minshull Vernon, Beeston Ca.stle,Dun- ham Hill, Rossett, Cefn, Llangollen, Corwen, Llanymy- nech, Four Crosses, Pooi Quay, and Buttington, at t'm rate of about single fare and a quarter for the double journey. There were also 20 branches of the Provincial Association, at any of which places the members on tour could book to any of the 143 stations to which the places had access, oa production of travelling cards. Warrington branch had now the right of being repre- sented on the Provincial Association. There was much to be done during the ensuing season, and with the ad- vantages of cheap travelling, better prospects of angl- ing in Association waters, &c., they hoped to enlist the support of all anglers and friends in the district.—The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Eusost, seconded by Mr. PORTER. Mr. KNIGHT also read the financial statement, which showed that the year commenced with a balance of £3 189. 3d.* The income during the year had been £52 15s. Bd., and the expenditure £5O 25., leaving a balance in favour of the society of £2 13s. 6d.—Tha report was adopted on the motion of Mr. BANCROFT, seconded by Mr. W. Y. LAWTON. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Mr. J. MAWSON, who had been president of the Society for Some years. decided to retire, and on the motion of Mr. Jenkins, seconded by Councillor Baird, Mr. E. M Crosfield, J.P., was re-elected president for the ensuing year. On the motion of Mr. W. Y. Lawton, seconded by Mr. Bancroft, the following gentlemen were appointed vice-presidents : Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle, W. H. J. Jen- kins, J. L. Tunstall, Spencer Wallhead,E, Milner, Major Ridgyvay,Councillors Heaton and Greening. E. Caldwell, W. Skelton,A. Lister Kaye, J. Mawson, T. Mottram,W. A. Proud. W. Podmore, S. Hartshorne, R. Hamblin, W. Taylor, R. Hendry, W. Bolton, W. Wood, and Rev. T. Pym The following gentlemen were elected as a commit- tee : Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle, W. H. J. Jenkins, J. Mawson. T. J. Emson, C. Hesitater, A. Cooke, H. Kent, J. Bancroft, R. Hendry, E. P.)rter, W. Bodle, J. Bailey, and W. Wood. Mr. Peter Knight was re-elected secretary, on the motion of Mr.J.Lyon-Whittle,seconded by Mr.Wood,and supported by Mr. A. Cooke. Mr. W. Bolton was re-elected treasurer, on the motion of Mr. Jenkins. seconded by Mr. J. Roberts. Mr. Peter Knight was appointed delegate, and Mr. Jenkins deputy,to the annual Imeeting of the Provincial Anglers' Association, held at Birmingham. At the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Mawson for his services as president, on the motion of Mr. Bodle, seconded by Mr. Hoop.

, . toir, ,

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE "94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12., 1889. " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelingS. but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges hai done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of " Tracheotomy " (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could PO5" Bibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and Mini, has been softened, and I have been able to get rid of it without oifficulty.—l am. air, yours truly', J• HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES.

r The abovemeaks for itself. From strict inquiry it el3lsrr,s that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only nwans of relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense.

WEIGHT IN GOLD.

- • -- - - -- Under date Sept. 8, "Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since . have been dead but for your Lozenges -they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a , splendid cough remedy they are." Keathag's Lozenges are sold in tins is. lid. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS,IIOARSENESS,and T1111"3, •

TO LADIES THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was overed by a married Lady during her trarels in the Far East, who has never known it to fail in remaving the worst eases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extraordinary preparation, which is almost instafltant? ous in its effect. Ladies *ill avoid much expense, illness. Worry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BAtt NGTON, 4, Featherstone-buildings. London. W.C.

..,.....

la. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sexy and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. excess excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwortb-road. .)• London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN ' BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lbcl., Per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ' case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND 1 PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years' attached to a Fem de Hospital, is enabled to PO.; TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESULT in a re; hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITa may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to • CIALIST RAND. W.C.

T 5. RA Z OD is made fromtbe best Set )field STEEP and ground by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and 0 not approved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any resp,,ctable Ironmonger. or Cutler at

- - 31ackI1ANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory H A.NDLE in Case 5/6. Pair ef Black handle in a fiat Case 9/-. Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6.

or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6. P.O. and cheques, SLATER BROS., Sheffield.

Sole Proirietoi

1 t r • ' 'ft '?. I .....iR., = , • .11S. , Far forst , after 'ARM titans' ,Ilness, remedy , rs. BAN . , I. -...--------., ~ 3 '. ILLS. 33 stamps), • ./r either sex, ter, stornacb. s, purify the safety, alt,e' Ast valuable at . ae Pill or Met falworth-road, SEATED COEN IR, Is. Ibd., Per however bad the AIDER , AND ..:OZENCIES . .. FEB. . (FREE). ~ I dified) many Year: ' ' ii, is enabled to POS1" " (RED RESULT in a r_c.w. ng the lEREGULABIIx , , else has failed. stamped addressed , to . . LIST ID. W.C. - T ul5. RA Z 0 It RIL IP , j STEED best Shef- A ' field 3rkmen. It is warranted and 0 will be exchanged. table Ironmonger or Cutler at ANDLE in Case 3/6. I ANDLE in Case 5/6. ck handle in a fiat Case 9/-. :5, handle in a flat Case 13/6. 3(3 from the Manufacturers. Izor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6, LATER BROS., Sheffield. -------- 'S GRAVEL PILLS' Ire for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the i y, iWind and Water Complaints ses of the Kidneys, Bladder, Pa" ILL Ary Organs. Stone, Meet. Strieture ,ica Rheumatism. &c. The Effect Vag Me 'Box is Marvellous. Price 1/4 I PILLP" . poo , 2/9 pr Box. Agents :-I-till & Co. .ttermarkeCo., t-st.,Fairhurbt & Co. Horse- ' F1',..0., arket-at.. J. R. Young, Sankey-it., I r.-- a.-st., W4rring. on: or free by post from TitE 3,41, Scotland-road, Liverpool. : ERFECT CURE s'itt:Lr.'22lZ - x weakness, loss df flesh and vital power, rest- Is deep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailment; ng from early or later-day errors. Address:- . tars. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield. - N 86Y TpHoEs f 4/1 CASE, WILL CURE YOU. ....w.-...,...„.-,..•..-k..--. AGENTS —MESSRS HOVBNDEN, 61. CIT' -ROAD. : who will POUSHING—A PLEASURE i WILL NOT STEPHENbuiI 0% ta ti's FINGER 54) , ~- 'MARK. s. •/,-...!: t II 011 EAM . 3 a • ",, -.'.1.../1, , 'N.,,,,-..i: 1::-^. ~ , •.,, ' ' "421 ' • ... ~.-,.,,,,,,fie ~-45.-t.7,-,,,,-. • " .- -,, --, -- -,ii.,: - 'c h 1..:::•f:.:.::' • •";:Vf.-..5.P.44:1'. ' .• _ ,of *-...• • • . i 7 14,1:4;4. --_;_c'T _ - -4('-''-.--:-.7: ng'l-*P;- ,;!f'-: ..?;,'•.' r ' o.;-%-,o; a ----/••• ~-:!" ''''.` ---=- --- --- '-'----=--,',-,tise '''.-1" ROF—n / o ..,.---z—_- -.4:470"1,4010114.41011004L1', ..,' ' T, '''%.4-,-WM4fir'iiri,:%?...4,14,3,27 Sold by chemists, Grocers, and Iron n2°11011.1 Sole Proprietors, STENlUMM________l)- of the - --- - ~ . on the Ar Baird, ident for CONCREVE'S onded by appointed H. J. Jen- BALSAMIC ELIXIB• doer, Major E. Caldwell, The Grand Old Remedy for Mottram,W. Chest Diseases. Hamblin, W. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR 1225.) and ev. . 1 This splendid medicine should be in every h005,0e- ict R T On the appearance of the as a commit- First Symptoms of a Cold en J. Jenkins, J. a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR wlll, in I,inetcjor Cooke, H. Kent, out of twenty cases, carry it off before' it beccme_s settle is., Bodle, J. Bailey, merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION °V tota, FLUENZA take it,-as well as when the well-marked sYlss of secretary, on the appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WlClrease. 3 by Mr.Wood,and tiz!ee,L y E NGS,aA ug and other direful effects of this alarmi,4„ey HE PE, of Derby, in a recent let :cr to ;Jr. t-..„ says: " Your medicine always jhuts Inv lun 's rifa,, ,urer, on the motion drove out Me terrible INFLUENZA last 2lay.". Roberts. IN CASES OF arid ,4 delegate, and Mr. Coughs, Recent or Chrari lc, ting of the Provincial Bronchial Affectiorers aingham. Persevere with this medicine, and you can 11dly fail to get nearty vote of thanks Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to dis..PFetc, the AS services as president, In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especl.flY esto aced, ASTHMA-ALSO BRONCHITIS-onded by Mr. Hoop. ONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the„lncase of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to t". 000. 3 FATALITY AT of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. Con4reve's loose Also note that this medicine should be kept in tb,e For OEN. by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEARERD. HOARSENESS it is'invaluable, and .HEST. Splendid for the VoiCe, tit, all roner, held an inquest at and a weathers.PßE7AlltrlvkNOL cOltivrAg6qieDa,Ory Vednesday morning relative PLEASANT taken on a small lump' or two of SUP,' in t''e . ;0 years and six months old, of a lozenge. of sl' of Joseph Nichols Johnson! of CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be h 461, ,sod .:orn.-Mary Johnson, mother Medicine Vendors in bottles at ts. x 3,0., 25. gd., 4s. nusband was a chemical works family bottles at .55. and 'as. about 6.20 in the evening, she -, ' '''''',`' .•' ' , '-' AA'f, ,• fiAi4•oll.4.totiS•*' ' odo shopping, leaving the de- DR. MACKAY .2 MAtIVELLOUS FE.MALE-10 one year and six months old, in h FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREOD4 ~ s a good fire in the kitchen wen TIES stands unrivedled. The most stubborn 0,%, ' ,s from ten to fifteen minutes less cases yield to this extra !Unary Med,cine in 81 40'5 she found deceased in her next Immense sale throughout th w3rid. Thousaeds or ~ an me, suffering from burns. Dr. cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instruntirover een sent for, and he attended de- Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, unde aat 4,60 p.m. on Sunday. Deceased for ss. 6d. 3 had burnt him, but did not tell her DR. MACKAY 104 HIGH HOLBOR, -Loam' , , N She was of opinion that the deceased Beware of Dishonest Imitators. a 0 40.11dillg too near' to the fire, and his in ignited. There was no one in the 9' .ne except the two children.-Luke AGENTs he lived next door to the last An easy way To,- c-n-,00 14 ING Venn -i--'-' &0., .turday' night about 6.20, witness and ,med Nally heard screams and ran into WANTED a and found the deceased in flames. cstrutivsg foNrYtACLi brio'pitroosf. \yaw A the clothes off the child. He could not HENSON'S ,ccident happened.-Michael Kelly corro- Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good, 001131%rp115 eiccs• , eidence of the last witness, stating that Reliable Articles at Moderate P T,-01,1" itered his hand whilst stripping the gar- Liberal. Particulars Poet Free. J. W. .1-..„.0. , deceased.-Dr."McKenzie said be wos sent 62 .k, 64, LIIDGATE HILL, LONDON, le deceased child on Saturday. He found it corn severe burns from the head to the middle - ______------li,f also on the back He attended the ri NAY its death on Sunday afternoon. It died ONE CASE OF ARMY AND ,ate ties and shock.-The Coroner said he did not re was any blame attached to the mother fcr , MEDICINES contains suffici( ienntterato7- be children. There wag some commendation Contagious Diseases of acc tain class. . I se neighbours for the way they tried to save I external), Price 4s. 6.1. Single Bottles ot , r of the child, especially to the man who got his 2s. 95. Only of HOPF, Operative CheraiStvic urnt in extinguishing the flanies.-A"veteliet of ...._....................._._...................ethuen),,332, Deansgal,, Matichastar. ,dental death " wee returned. • - ------- --- ---- -----_—___ ..-

10 it IS ;F-1

P E 295, ST , 01111111irlin"91111111119;111114Sol.' 4 011111111144111111

I

WitM

, 1111- , kiN,..___.,.....

===== 0002601_18950119_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKING BURNING VA.TALITY AT

It 0 NCORN.

TEIE INQUEST.

- - Mr. J. E. Woraley, coroner, held an inquest at Runcorn Police Station on Wednesday morning relative to the death of a child, three years and six months old. named Peter Johnson, son of Joseph Nichols Johnson, of 6. Back King-street, Runcorn.—Mary Johnson, mother of the deceased, said her husband was a chemical works labourer. On gaturday, about 6.20 in the evening, she went out of the house to do shopping, leaving the de- ceased and his brother, one year and six months old, in the kitchen. There was a good fire in the kitchen when she left them. She was from ten to fifteen minutes away. On her return he found deceased in her next door neighbour's house, suffering from burns. Dr. McKenzie had then been sent for, and he attended de- ceased until his death at 4.0 p.m. on Sunday. Deceaed told her that the fire had burnt him, but did not tell her how it happened. She was of opinion that the deceased must have been standing too Near' to the fire, and his clothes thus become ignited. There was no one in the house at the time except the two children.—Luke McDonald said he lived next door to the last witness. On Saturday night about 6.20, witness and another: man named Kelly heard screams and ran into Johnson's house and found the deceased in flames. Kelly stripped the clothes off the child. He could not say how the accident happened.—Michael Kelly corro- borated the evidence of the last witness, stating that he badly blistered his hand whilst stripping the gar- ments off the deceased.—Dr.'iMcKenzie said be wos sent for to see the deceased child on Saturday. He found it suffering from severe burns from the head to the middle of the chest, and also on the back. He attended the child until its death on Sunday afternoon. It died from injuries and shock.—The Coroner said he did not think there was any blame attached to the mother fcr leaving the children. There wag some commendation due to the neighbours for the way they tried to save the life of the child, especially to the man who got his hand burnt in extinguishing the illanlee.-I."yetclict of "Accidental death" wee returned.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ROUBLES.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
PENOING

L, AND GATE DEPARTMENT. well-known System of STRAINED 86 IRON FENCES now in use over i:nle Thousands of Miles at home uod Abroad, et "eint," continually Improved upon to meet tiehded requirements, and complete informs,- °7l is supplied on application.

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBIKSITUATIOK DOG KENNELS, &c.

IiAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

GATES, T 0 NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Raiisions, Villas &c. 'STRONG FIELD GATES, '`)R FARMS, ORCHARDS, ece.

HURDLES I NETTING

AN I) „---- AND - NEE GUARDS. WIRE WORK,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
G. R. HiL.Jp '1'1'!I • 72"" r • . r , . • .1111 ' 1 • .

...,4CII‘I7.PIICIVT—TC)T_TE; IRON FENCINGr r.t4d with F. M. & Co's Self-Lookiqg Jon.

LONDON OFFICE: 17' VICTORIA St., Westminster.

, wilDmak-

===== 0002601_18950119_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FATNESS

FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. -"I Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are a safe and pleßsant cure ; sent free from observation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. marvellous means of reducing excessive and improving the complexion."—B. AMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford

===== 0002601_18950119_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
" t 41111ral 4 "I 11 0 444 e 1I 1 0

amt‘

'adwari

===== 0002601_18950119_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
. •!..,-;-- '.._. ,21— . ''' ' ' '' - 1' ~. WAvArtralt**44, ' 1.19,*11.2%. A 7 , .sreeM,',',444 A '''-''',;,'..-',4;,''''' , ''' ' '.4-,:5.1',"4,'' ~ ~' ,i,'.", 4 ' ~..''4 ,„, - A'.4 2., .. ~,, ~...,,,i,?,1,,,i,,, • . . . 441 'fil.• . ~,...... . .x . 1 .. . ' ~ - ,e.w..,41cp • - .- , ',,,,;',.. ..i.tt ~,./. ,;:fm, , i. ii t., A , . _ . ,- , ~,,,. .;:, ~ , e i Ll-4' to . . .c,k, w vz.,slfrgrO,"*-• L 4,:•-; ',, ~,,,4i, 4 . . ..

universly admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness, and Swelling after '44.41ea15, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Slew), Frightful Dreams, and 1 Nervous and Trembling Sensations, Sze. The first dose will give Yelief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be 4ekliowledged to be

===== 0002601_18950119_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
. ' ': , '''.- ' ''' ' :', s . . , .........,

With full directions,

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED

STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, and Persian Bedsteads completa,

To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge any other Wire Mattress to stand this Test It But is it ever re- quired of a Mattress 2hat it should carry one ton' Certainly ' not. Hitherto the _ .nt against the use of ire Mattresses has been that they stretched after a time, hieh was true. We give this severe test to prove that urs will not stretch. If they do within 5 Oaf s -wewill replace with new ones. • To be had from • THOMAS surroN, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co Limited WARRINGTON.

With French •• 3c.lo3s—Freach. 41;1110111110111, fI 111 1111110:- , t, wirr

4", 14 , I I I k. fat C/ Street London.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH k. GUINEA BOXI

4 For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There .40 medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they Will soon restore Females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. Por a weak stomach,impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the thtilan machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, „ is physical energy of the human frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated lIEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHA ti 'S COUGH PILLS.

Cold Winter comes on with a Frown." and persons suffering from Coughs and kindred troubles should relieve their minds of the idea that nothing will relieve them unless it be in the a lozenge, or taken as a liquid. Let them try Beecham s Cough Pills, and they will never regret it, These Pills are made from a formula differing entirely from that which guides the a‘ia nufaeture of Beecham's Pills (yellow label) but like them Will be found reliable. on the first symptons of a Cold or Chill a timely dose of Beecham's Cough Pills will invariably ward off I dangerous features. For years many families have used no other Winter Medicine, Every householder and traveller should avail themselves of this good, safe and simple, remedy for in general, Asthma, Bronchial Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, &e. Each box bears a GREEN label.

I

I

I

I

1

FOR

FOR

FOR FOR

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Vivulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, ees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and 0o-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, Ac. Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a trial.

pAP ER RULE D TO ANY PATTERN

-- SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, Bce.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE "LEVIATHAN" PLACARD

Single Sheet, sft. 3in. by 31t. Sin. 'SUE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A DIONSTRR PLACARD may be formed by joining a *Pn.mber of the LEVIATHAN " SHEETS.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. _MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. PAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which tbey wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets ac. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c.

A SPECIALTY. LARGE TYPE

FOR THE MOST sTnixING

POSTEIt

Produced in the Count

JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, • PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRIN TING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, • PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES CON VERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES SOIREES. PROGRAMMES CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FETES. &c.

SPECIALITY:

ENVELOPES FROM 2. PEP. 11000.

BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL. lIINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, FEINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., THE

'EXAMINER! STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BBWRIT STREET, WA/IRINOTON

MR. COUNCILLOR PERCY DAVIES AND THE WATCH COMMITTEE. Sir,—Referring to one of your "editorials," which appeared in your last Saturday's issue, I may say, I at- tended the meeting of the Town Council on the Bth instant, at considerable inconvenience to myself, in the hope that Mr. Davies would have been present, and that I should therefore have had an opportunity of telling him, that the allegation he made at the provious meet ing of the Counail, against the Watch Committee for having "stopped the proceedings against a certain 'respectable inhabitant,' charged with committing a l serious offence seainst the law, for which a poor person would have been severely punished," was entirelyuntrue. The fact being, that ne proceedings of any kind, were ever taken at all, against the individual in question! , therefore I cannot see hcw the Watch Committee could , have" stopped proceedings" which had never been taken (perhaps Mr. Davies can explain this enigma?) But Mr. Davies accentuated his charge by offering to give "Chapter and versa" in support of it. I fully intended to have told Mi. Davies, what I tell him now, that there was nvt a scintillation of truth in the absurd statement made. It would have been such an easy matter for him to have ascertained the whole truth, either by appealing to the Chief Constable, Mr. Hunt, or to the much abused " Watch Committee," and that, I naturally thought Mr Davies would have done, aid, finding that he had been misled, have made the " Amende honorable " to the ' Watch Committee for his rash and unfounded state- ment. I cannot of course believe, that Mr. Davies - mid nave invented it, nor can I believe that he r o wil- lingly have given pain to innocent peraons(whi a has done), by reviving that, which, whether tly or wrongly compromised, should have been Lt • ried "to the tomb of all the Capulets," but afraid Mr. Davies did not take the least trouble to cm himself of the true fazts of the case, before g via ins own ver- sion currency, and why he did not do so,i a one of those anomalies of " poor human nature," which (in the lan- guage of the late Lord Dundreary) " no fella can understand," hut if he had taken that prudent course, he would have found that neither Mr. Hunt, the Chief Constable, nor the Watch Clmsnittee, had ever received any official information whatever, until at least a week after the event had taken place, and then only by way of rumour from irresponsible persons, which Mr. Hunt found from inquiry to be wholly unreliable, for he could not obtain one single witness to come forward in support. I therefore now challenge Mr. Percy Davies to do what he voluntarily offered to do, at the Council meeting of I the 4th December, viz., to give" chapter and verse" in proof of his assertion, and if he can't do so, then I sub- mit, he is in honour bound to admit it, in a suitable apology to the Watch Committee for his ill advised and damaging statement. I have been myself chairman,and deputy chairman of the Watch Committee, for a good number of years, and lam not disnosed to sit still under such a serious and scandalous imputation, as that to which Mr. Davies has given tongue, and I say further, that if the Watch Committee could have acted in the way described by him it would have proved itself utterly unworthy to govern and control the police force, or any longer to merit the confide.ce of the public. The dan- ger of coming to hasty and one-sided conclusions,should be guarded against, by disclaiming any pretension to infallibility of statement in detail, or we may awake to the unpleasant facts, of wading through a " morass," in which we are ooly too likely to lose ourselves, in groping after a " Will-o'-th'-Wisp."—l am, sir, yours faithfully, JOSEPH HARRISON,

boasts that the main body of the seed remains un- changed " although the germ had quickened." Why did Mr. Peers supply his plant with sugar ? Because it had nothing to live on, for he had robbed the plant of its natural food, by taking away the main body of the seed which would have become sugar had it been left within the influence of the plant. Do farmers use sugar in the cultivation of wheat ? I have never heard of such a thing. Yet wheat would not grow without it Dow then is sugar supplied ? By the action of growth which converts the starch of the seed to sugar. Thus we see that the plant first takes away the life ' of the seed and then devours its material. Mr. Peers made a fuss over a part of my last letter which said " that if the seed did not die what would happen? Why, it would continue to throw out new plants." Ile in ridicule asks, whoever beard ot seed continuing to throw out"new plants? And lin my turn ask, whoever heard of a seed which did not die. Never- I theless there is a plant called couch grass (Triticum.' repens), which is a regular plague to farmers and gardeners. It has a long running root under the ground which behaves just like a never dying seed may be sup- posed to behave, for it continues to throw up new plants by,which its vigour is increased. Sow a piece of this an inch long, and if unmolested it will soon occupy a field. A Mr. Flallett, at Brighton, made some experiments ' some years since with wheat, in which he succeeded in raising eighty stalks from one crown of roots, formed from a single grain. One of the ears measured /3/ inches long and yielded! 123 grains. Now,when I read this I wanted to know what sort of an embryo didthese eighty stalks spring from ? I have always looked upon seed as possessing a potentiality rather than a bodily form—a Possibility that possessed the powers to realize itself. In conclusion, Mr. Peers' experiment is " infelicitous," slit r of instruction, and entirely misleading, deceiving n f elf and others. But lest he should think that I amt .king unjustly, I will spread the precious thing ou ft. s.amination. Get a cmn of wheat and cut out the germ erd place it on a damp cloth, and it will soon be giu the business of life, and, if supplied with sugar and some other non-living substances properly, it will grow to maturity. Please note—the main body of the corn seed is not in the experiment. If it had been in the ex- periment and survived, then it would have been clearly demonstrated that all I have written was fallacious, but as it was kept out for a purpose, and its absence bad to be made gocd by the use of sugar, it is a standing con- tradiction of Mr. Peers' theory, and makes all that I have said worthy of consideration. Let all who are in- terested in this subject get a few grains of wheat and sow them in the garden, or,failing a garden, some flower pots will do ; put two grains in a pot and when the plants have grown six inches high pull them up and then you will quickly see the condition of the seed as to its being alive or dead. The knowledge gained by this experiment admits of no doubt. The result if published would form a very good supplement to this discussion. —1 am, sir, yours truly, FELIX SUMMERS.

-- THE WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY AND THE I.L.P. Sir,—Allow me a little space in your paper to make a few remarks on this subject. First, in your report last week you state the subject of debate was" The policy of the 1.L.P." It was advertised as " A Debate on Merrie England to be introduced by a member of the 1.L.P." As a matter of fact, Mr:Gee who introduced the subject never mentioned any socialistic: political party whatever and the fault of wandering from the subject rested with the subsequent speakers and the chairman for allowing them to do so. The I.L.P. is pre- pared at any time to debate and uphold its policy, but that was not the subject under discussiou. The real subject was Socialism as enunciated by " Nuaquana " in his book. In your notes by Merlin it is stated, "The I.L.P. was present in full force and speedily made their presence known by loudly cheering their own side and I am sorry to say, by hissing at the other side." By the way I notice Mr. Hall spoke in a similar manner. This, I take it implies that the majority present were I.L. Peers,and that it was they who interrupted. Now Sir, there were about thirty members of the I.L.P. there ' out of an audience numbering possibly a hundred and the first interruptions came from men who do not belong to our party, and in one case came from a member of the Debating Society itself. Most of the aulience not being accustomed to public speaking were not able to reply in the proper manner, and considering the provocation received from Mr. 'Torten were quite justified in their vigorous dissent. His speech contained what I consider direct insults to any body of workingmen and his manner was most offensive and dogmatic. In contrast to him Mr. Hall spoke some straight things, and it is worthy of note, was not interrupted once, because of his reasonable and argumentative manner. The debate was over too wide an area and it would be better to contract the subject a little on the next occasion which takes place I believe in February. Let me add, I write this at the wish and with the consent of the Executive of the Party.—l am, yours sincerely, J. PODMORE, jun., hon. sec.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

VOLUNTEER SMOKING CONCERT AT NEWTON. On Wednesday evening a smoking concert in connec tion with the Newton detachment of the ethV.B.K.L.R.- was held in the orderly room, Newton. Sergeant, Instructcr Bird prei,ided, and there was a large attend-- ance of volunteers. A lengthy programme of songs and recitations was gone through by various members of the company, and a very pleasant evening was Sr eat .

GOOD TESIPLARY. The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge of Good Templars held its weekly session on Tuesday evening in the Co-operative Hall. Bro. A. Morris, C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance of members and visitors. One candidate was admitted to membership and several proposed arrangements were made for the forthcoming visit of Latchford Lodge on Tuesday evening next. The Programme for the evening was then gone into, sing- ing and readings being rendered by several of the mem- bers. The meeting was brought r,o a close in the usual way. WIIDDEN DEATH OP A WHERLWRIGET. A wheelwright named Shone, residing at 23, Warrington-road,Widnes,and who was well-known in Widnes and Runcorn, died suddenly on Sunday night. The deceased was partaking of supper when he suddenly lurched forward, and before as- sistance could lie rendered, he expired. He had not enjoyed good health for some time previously. For the past six weeks he had been employed by Mr. Thomas Dutton, of Burtonwood. SUDDEN DEATE AT EARLESTOWN. Thomas Wharten, green grocer, of 14, Queen-st., Earlestown, died very suddenly at his residence on Mon- day afternoon. The deceased who was 75 years of age, was breaking wood in the back yard, and going into the hcuse, complained to his wife that he had a pain in his left side and arm, and sat down in his chair, and his wife sent for Dr. Handyside and Mr. Peake, ckemist,but before medical aid arrived, he died, the medical opinion being that death was due to failure of the heart's action. Two years ago deceased suffered from epileptic fits. Success oF Locsr. STUDENTS.

Information has come to hand that Arthur J. Latham of tiaydock, has passed the minor examination of the Pharmaceutical Society, of Great Britain, at Edinburgh, early this month. H. J. Matthews passed the qualify- ing examination of the Pharmaceutical Society, and re- ceived ldi license to practice in Ireland. Richard Crossley has passed the examination nf the Royal College of Sur- geons,Eogland,and Royal College of Ph, sicians,;London. All the above commenced their training with Mr. Peake, chemist, Earlestown, and their successes must be gratifying to that gentleman. SILTING MATCH AT NRWTON.

Notwithstanding the thaw which set in on Sunday, a skating match took place on Newton lake on Monday afternoon, the ice being covered with water. The con- testants were Bate, ef Leigh, and Litherland of Sefton, the stakes being £25 a side. A very large number of People journeyed from Leigh and the neighbouring vil- lagea, and at the time advertised for the race, a respect- aisle crowd lined the banks of the lake. The course was 300 yards from scratch, Bate getting a flying start. Litherland made a desperate effort to overtake him, but when he appeared to be overhauling Bate, he unfortu- nately fell, and Bate sailed in an easy winner. GOOD TIMPLARS.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire. And Sold by all Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes 9d., is, 10., and 2s, 9d, each. THE is. 11d. BOX COTAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a a I,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tie

eff et,

1 a

===== 0002601_18950119_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
L, , i. , d e 6 ,1 /

===== 0002601_18950119_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(I"tgnS xr„.. -% •

===== 0002601_18950119_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11

===== 0002601_18950119_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
2/63/6

Fet 13 o itie SLOUGH- ,

ENGLAND •

===== 0002601_18950119_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
igPRAIN:RHEIJNIATIV.CUTaBRLTIOES:

------•-'-'.---

===== 0002601_18950119_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI [AIDA Y JANUARY 19 1895,

. , 250 PAGES R NET, 1 TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL,& STEEL PILLS for T 0 R IA L , N 0 F I CThe Pictorial Tutor - TA • • PoRTE JJ Descriptive Prospectus being published at Net sent Post Free on application Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Ilusle." Office. The most re- markable &cheapest book ever published. The 1 Pianoforte simplified. lwai POST (un Music Size). Contains 70 Illustrations and over .50 Songs. . -I_ Females, quickly correct all irregularit es, remove all obstructions and relieve the distressing symptoms so preys I lent with the sex. Boxes 13. 10. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sentanywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stampsjby the maker, R Dances, Carols, Anthems T. TOWLE. Chemist,Nettinghait. Etnybook or musieseller under 5s 20. Ludgate Hill. Loudon, EC. FREE and Hymn Tunes. -----------i- i

===== 0002601_18950119_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7

===== 0002601_18950119_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TELE WARRINGTON EXA.MINER., vkwsEy sTsrp..x.

PRLNTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL.

JORN ALTER AND CO PROPRIETORS 0 v THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Wawa COMPRISE 71111 E Warrington 4, Mitl-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the paper comprises many populous maaufacturing towns and villages, and a large agriculttual tract. THEEarlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton, Golborne, and Haydock Rep,rter, published Friday i afternoon. The district is n the heart of the Lancashire coal

field. rrHES. Helens Examsner and Preseot Weekly News,l pu bushed Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- rrom, &c. HE Buneorn Examiner, published Friday after- / noon. lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and Offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THETViclnss Lxaminer, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming au important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in ll the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the Columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Bach Examiner, in fadition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. V7ANTEDS, } La TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS, 1./D.. ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ..................... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 2'7 ..................... Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. . 36 ..................... ls. Od. ... 2s. 63. ... 4s. Od. 45 ..................... is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 55. 04. , .64 ..................... Is. 6d.. ••• 3s. 8,1. ... 6e. Od. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR ranvions TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APanTIIIENIS WANT:, :1, DOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LVT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED ,BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for annt?_tiiiLiflde2:s2:______

PRINTING! PRINTING!

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the production of Good Work -of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth" are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at " the

===== 0002601_18950119_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
tettero to tin Vittor.

Latchford, 11th Jan., 1895.

THE SEED QUESTION AND MR. PEERS' EXPERIMENT. .

Sir,—lt has been truly said that everybody has a special quality that stands out in front of all his other qualities, and is in a great measure the source of his in- dividuality. Our friend Mr. Peers' prominencv is invec- tive, and the edge of his satire is very keen. I was just thinking that had nature put him down as a lady wpat a bonny fish-wife she would have -made—a sort of orna- mental terror at Billingsgate. I am truly glad that my unhippy flounderings moved him to merriment and laughter. There is nothing that will please a weak intelleet so soon as irregular action. Dangle says that a good hearty laugh was dirt cheap at £lOO. Besides, Ido not know that this is not the first laugh that has ever been recorded at Penketh. lle might have sent me a couple of geese just as a small consideration for benefit received. I fear he never thought of it. besides he may be laughing yet. "One never knows." Or, he may be busy cutting up wheat— damping cloths and getting in a stock of sugar in pre-. paration for the ensuing harvest. Oh ! dear, what will the farmers say ? Mr. Peers has been talking about " light and more light on the seed question." Yet very few rays from him, come this way and the emanations from the" demonstration" are gone out into outer dark- ness, yet he wauld have us believe in his superiority. Then let him keep his gibes at Pl'llkPth and in their place put some little information. There are one or two points I want to clear up. First, his conceptions of the seed are erroneous. He says that the seed is composed of "a living part and a dead part." If we dissect a corn of wheat, these are exactly what we shall find. But, there is a some thing beyond our ken and that is the mysterious union of the two. 'This must not be broken ; if so, the Feed looses its nature and it ceases to he seed. Yet Mr. Peers tells us that he has done it successfully, which he has no right to say, because he had to substitute sugar for the part he surreptitiously removed. Nature has her own seed, her own land, and her own sowers ; by the wind, by birds, flies, aye• and by almost everything, seed is sown. When we see a little seed with its sails set scudding before the wind it is needless for Mr. Peers to run after it with a pinch of sugar as a offering,for every seed that requires sugar carries its own sugar maker. Seed then is indissoluble ; nature has made it so, and who shall say it nay. When Mr. Peers drinks water does he call it hydrogen and oxygen ? Certainly not, " if those two are put together in a certain proportion, and an electric spark is passed through them, they disappear and a quantity of wator, equal to weight in the sum of their weights, appears in their place " (Huxley). Be it observed these gases do not form water, it is the union that does the business. :eiature regards seed as units not as plurals. Mr. Peers in dividing the seed travelled a long way from nature. There is another part of this question expressed by Mr. Peers in these words: " Alas! for the dogma, of tile dying of the dead." This dogma did not come from me. In all that I have witten, I have been very care- ful not to write anything that wow ld lead to such an illogical conclusion, for I hold with Mr. Peers that it is the merest word' mongering to say that "when the living germ feeds up- on the non-living nutriment stored for its use, this non- living matter dies." To this I heartily subscribe. The next question is, when then or how does the seed die? Answer when it loses its life ! How is this brought about ? This is the way of it. 'lt is very well known that the young plants do not stay in the seed but grows nut of it, straight away carrying the life with it, just as in the case of an egg when the chick leaves it, there re- mains an empty shell. Before the seed is sown nature regards it as one, one small parcel of great possibilities lying dormant within its shelhpassive and inert. After sowing, all these are changed for energy, great strength and new forms—a new body successfully begun with the ruins of the old one. When these are exhausted the plant will be strong enough to make its own materials and to use them. Mr. Peers denies that the body of the seed is all used up in forming the foundation of the plant. lie says "it is all fiction ; facts say no !" We find that he put away the main body of the seed whilst the other part germinated on a damp cloth. And he -

FURS, SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FURS A of every description CLEANKD or RB-DYBD and °ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rm,s &c ---I3 COOKE. ManuCactnring Furrier, 11, Upper Newing tongsndj 21, Pemba v-street,gLiverpool. ;Established 2

SIR E. LEADER WILLIAMS AND TFIE CANAL. A HOPEFUL FORECAST. Sir E. Leader Williams, the engineer of the Manches- ter Ship Canal. on Siturday night delivered his in- augural address as President of the Manchester Associa- tion of Engineers at a meeting of the members at the Grand Hotel. In the course of his paper he said that owing to the sewage of Manchester' Salford, and all the other towns on the Rivers Irwell and Mersey and their tributaries being allowed to flow into the rivers without purification the state of the water in the canal had be- come very bad. Salford had now completed a system of intercepting sewers, and was about to purify the sewage at works connected at Mode Wheel. Sewage works are now being constructed by Manchester, and as the turnings of crude sewage into rivers or streams was contrary to the law as well as injurious to health, the other towns above Manchester must take imm- diate steps to prevent their sewage polluting the canal. Some of them had now got this neces- sary work in hand. His statement that steamers would be able to navigate day or night had proved correct even when vessels had not on beard the electric light, as there were electric lights at the docks and locks. He at first estimated ten hours as the time steamers would take to traverse the canal. That time was seldom taken, the passage generally being from seven to eight hours, passenger steamers even takinc, considerably less time Messrs. Burns' steamers work- ing' between Manchester ane Glasgow had averaged on 236 passages made during the year 1894 only 6 hours 33 minutes-117 passage: being made at night. He could see no reason why Lancashire, so famed for its machine shops, its boiler makers, and its artisans,could not establish on the banks of the Ship Canal works which should be able to compete with other districts for shipbuilding. Speaking on the prospect of the future, he pointed out that the result of the first year's work- ing had been to prove the efficient working of the canal and he had not lost faith in its future. It could not reasonably be expected that, amid the severe competi- tion that had to be encountered, even the energetic man- agement now dealing with traffic matters could all at once force from hostile or lukewarm traders the business which, nevertheless, must ultimately cOme to the canal, because no large waterway leading to a great manufac- • turing district could fail ultimately to obtain the traffic due to the advantages it could offer. STAII CLING COLLISION ON TuE CANAL NEAR, RUNCORN. Between nine and ten o'clock on Thursday morning the steamer Avalon, from Manchester, when proceeding along the Ship Canal towards Weston Point, collided with one of the dredging barges. The barge was laden with huge buckets Containing mud,and was in charge of two men named Charles Parry and Amos Atherton, of Runcorn. After being struck by the steamer the barge immediately capsized, throwing the men into the water, and sending the buckets with their contents to the bot- tom of the canal. With difficulty the men were rescued from their perilous position, but they are not much the worse for their mishap. There was no interference with traffic on the canal. Divers were soon afterwards set to work for the recovery of the buckets. THE POLLUTION OF HIE CANAL. ACTION AGAINS r SALFORD CORPORATION. The long-threatened action by the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee against the Corporation of Salford for pouring sewage matter into the Ship Canal came on for hearieg in the Salford County Court on Thursday, before his Humour Judge Parry. Os behalf of the Joint Com- mittee it is sought to make out that although it appeared at one time that the Salford Corporation were disposed to do everything possible in the Way of purifying the effluent from their sewage works at Mode Wheel, they now occupied a very backward position in the matter, as they were only using the process of precipitation by lime,which is regarded as an entirely inefficient system unless it is acco mpanitd by filtration. The defence of the Corporation has not yet been stated, but it appears to he that all practicable and available means are being used to purify the effinent. A large number of wit- nesses are being called on beth sides. ANOTHER COLLIERY DISASTER.

GREAT LOSS OF LIFE. Although great progress was made with the relief operations at the Audley colliery on Wednesday, none of the entombed men have yet been rescued alive. In- deed, as the night wore on heavy falls and obstructious were discovered, which, it is feared, may postpone the discovery of the men for another twelve hours. Elope for those in the Bit. seam is wholly abandoned. It is known that they'are even now under water. Two dad bodies were discovered during 'Tuesday night and on Wednesday. An official list of those still in the pit puts the number at either seventy-five or seventy-eight. Of these thirty-five are married men and fifteen are lads. Fortunately all are members of the North Staffordshire Miners' Relief Fund. At midnight the men had been entombed sixty-six hours. At the Audley Colliery on Thursday, the search for the missing men was continued, but without any success. In the atternoon, owing to the presence of obstructions in the roadways, hope of rescuing any of the men alive was finally abandoned. The Coroner's inquest was opened on Thursday and adjourned.

The us ial weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of tiood Tempters was held in the Co-operative Halton Monday eeening. Bro. Joseph Anderton, P.C., presided, and there was a large attendance of members. Two cardidates were admitted for membership, and several proposed. I report of No. 1 Convention was given by Bro. E. Newman C.T. and adopted. The pro- gramme of the evening was "Impromptu speeches," Bro. G. Clarke being responsible. A selection of appro. priate speeches had been provided, and they were well treated by the various naembers who gave addresses. EARLESTOWN DISTRICT SCHOOL. Mr. and Mrs. Brown, head master and mistress or the above school, gave their annual party to the teachers and a number of friends on Friday evening, in the schoolroom, Excellent arrangements had been made by the host ana hostess for the comfort of the guests, who numbered 45, and a most enjoyable time was spent. The schoolroom was decorated for the occasion, and pre- sente 1 a cheerful appearance. A full programme of dances was gone through, and at intervals several songs were given by members of the party. Mr. Peplow sup- plied the music,and as usual gave the greatest satisfac- tion in the selection he made, while Mr. R. Smith made aa efficient M.O. This gathering is always highly appreciated, and farms a pleasant break in the dull routine of school life. VIADUCT WORKS OFFICE STAFF DINNER. The fifth annual dinner of the office staff connected with the London and North-Western Company's Wagon Work at Eartestown, took place on Saturday evening I at the Bee Hotel, Liverpool. The officials, together with several ef the forem en, left Earlestown for Liver- I pool by the 1.34 train, and the afternoon was passed in various ways. Dinner was served soon after six o'clock, and was thoroughly enjoyed,the catering being in every I way efficient. After the good things had been disposed 1, of a social evening was spent, Mr. T. Ormand presiding,' and Mr. C. W. Emmett occupying the vice chair. The toasts of the " Queen," "The London and North- Western Railway Company Superintendent and Assis- tant," " The Foremen," " The Visitors," and " The Office," were proposed, and suitably responded to. Songs, Asc., were given during the evening by Messrs. E. Swann, C. H. Lea, C. W. Emmett, J. Swann, J. Finch, and H. Tarbuck, a very harmonious evening being brought to a close shortly before eleven o'clock. BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD. The usual monthly meeting of the above Board was held in the classroom of the Board Schools, Burtonwood, on Thursday evening, when there were present Mr. Jas. Warburton (chairman), Mr. Andrew Jackson (vice- chairibran),Rev.A.M. Mitchell and ELGawthorpe (school master), Mr. F. Wright (attendance officer), and Mr. Wm. Webster (clerk). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed and the correspond- ence of the month considered. The Treasurer's book was examined and the sums of £llO for rate and £l9 15s. fee grant were ordered to be debited in the cash hook. The attendance was discussed and the Clerk I was ordered to procure certain forms for the attendance ' officer's use. The Clerk was directed to purchase a lamp for the schoolroom. It was resolved not to meet , again until the 7th of March, and a cheque for I current salaries having been signed the Board rose at 8.30 p.m. SONS OF TEMPERANCE. On Wednesday evening the usual meeting of the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets of Temperance was held in the Co-operative Hall, Eirlestown. Ern. W. Gibbs, W.A., preside,d. After opening, five new naem bees were initiated into the Order, 45 were present. The Worthy Patron reported that he had visited the Earl of Shaftsbury Section, St. Helens, and that they had doubled tho numbers in three months. Ihe Britain's Need Division ,met in the same room at eight o'clock. Bro. S Foden, W.T., presided. After the opening and other business was disposed of a very profitable and pleasant evening was spent, the subject being " Impromptu speeches." Bro. John Pickett was responsible. No member was allowed to speak more than five minutes, questions were written on slips of paper and placed in a hat. Each member drew one out, such as " Wily am I a teetotaller ?" " Does the bible sanction the use of intoxicating drink ?" " Are pithlicans suitable persons for poor-law guardians ?' " Ought all preachers of the gospel to be teetotalers." At the close of all questions discussions followed, and a very profitable meeting was closed. CHRISTIAN MEETING ROOM, EARLESTOWN. An excellent paper was given at the Improvement 'Class on Tuesday evening by Mr. A. Holdsworth, on " Music in wership, its place and power in the church." Mr. B. Harrison presided, and the attendance was good. The essayist showed how the music was appre- ciated amongst the ancient Egyptians,Assyrians,Greeks, Etruscans, Romans, Hindoog, and Chinese in their various forms of worship ; but his main purpose was to show the uses of music in the church from a New 'estament standpoint. Be said it might be freely as- serted that music in worship affects not God, but our- selves. The power of music, its subtle influence, its pathos,its exhilarating inelody,its transcendent adapti- bility to every passing wave of emotion ever felt in the human breast, all combine to render it a vehicle for in- tercommunion between man and his maker. It often happened—which was much to be deplored—that in- stead of being usi d to ennoble and uplift, to softentand subdue, to chasten and inspire, it was used merely to attract. In the hands of a godless and worldly minded choir it often ministered to vanity and pride, it usurped the place of true devotion and created a demand for an altogether less ennobling style of sanctuary music, which acta and reacts upon both congregation and choir until it a tiling did not " go well," the most sub- lime thoughts poet ever penned, counted for nothing. A ' most lively and useful discussion, which, was taken up ' by many of the members, brought the meeting to a close. In these times of agri-ultural depression when S n •erowing, is such a losing game the farmer will un- doubtedly turn his attention to the breeding and rearine; of live stock, and if judiciously managed with tie ad of recent discoveries and investigation it is bound to be p ofitable. The prccess of cheese and butter tusking, is greatly improves upon, and there is not the loss in the infant stage of youeg animals that was once the case, nor loss or injury through difficult parturition, colic, chills, or accioents since the introduction of Day Son and Hewitt's calving and lambing chests, which hould be in every farmstead. They seem to bear the tamp, if not of the infallible, the nearest approach to that medical science has yet reached.

7-7

===== 0002601_18950119_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM NER, SATURPAY, JANUARY 19 1895

===== 0002601_18950119_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD MEDAL DIE PLTIC TEAS.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Sill? CANAL.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL. IRICIEBTERS should acquire the "Pocket Diary and Companion issued by the well-known Sports Manu- factures, George Bussey I Co., Peckham, London. All the Information Cricketers require is found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket. Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d., postage id. If you are not satisfied U. G. B. Si Co. will return the price. The weather on Saturday was again of a severe character, and consequently football was Out of the question. Warrington were due at Rochdale to play the St. Clement's club, but the match was cancelled in con- sequence of the frost, as also was the match between the A teams. Every match in the Warrington district as also cancelled, and the first match since this year came in has yet to be played.

The frost has had a rare innings indeed, to the great delight of the skaters, and skate makers and sellers,who have been doing a " roaring " trade lately. However, the frost has gone away, for a time at any rate, and the old fashioned muddy weather has come again. This is not a very weleome change, for no one likes to go tramping through the sloppy streets, and having their nether extremities covered with mud. The frost re- returned yesterday, but not to a very great extent.

Muddy weather, however, does not interfere with football matches to the same extent as frost, and there is, therefore, every probability that the match with Salford will take place. A renewed acquaintance with the lately suspended club will therefore be made. The "A "team will have a stiff fight with Salford " A" at Warrington, and will have to put their best foot first to , come out victorious.

To meet the Salford team at Salford, the following team has been selected to do duty for Warrington : Full back, J. Boscow ; three-quarters, Barber, Moores, Fleesom, and Berton; half backs, Bate and Nevins; forwards. Turner Jolley, Dakm, Taylor, Houghton, Savage, Bailey, and Barrett.

Affairs in the Football Association League are becom- ing interesting an there will be a rare fight for the championship between Sunderland, Aston Villa, and Everton, and it would be very difficult to pick the winner out of these three There are circumstances which favour all three. Aston Villa, for instance, have four matches to play at home, and only two away, but as they are at present in a relatively worse position than either If verton or Sunderland, they will have to trust to good fortune a little, and hope that some of the other chips in the League wi/l do them a good turn by beating the above mentioned clubs.

Sunderland have only three matches to play at home, against six away, se that if they are to regain the cham- pionship, they will have to fight hard. Everton have five matches at hone and four matches away, but among their • 'away" engagements are numbered Sunderland and Aston Villa, where they are almost cer- tain of a downtall. Therefore considering the chances of the three clubs, it is a difficult problem to pick out the club which has really the best chance.

The bottom three are even still more difficult to ch oose, but they will most probably be Stoke, Derby Co. and Wolverhampton Wanderers. The " Wolves 'at present have a pretty respectable positi on upon the League table, but this is only apparent when the fact is mentioned that they have only ene match left at horse. As they have not won one match away, and only drawn one, it is not very probable that they will have many more victories this season. In fact judging the matter in this light they hold the very worse position on the table.

In the second League, Bury was almost a certainty for the position of champions,and Grimsby Town and New- ton Beath are apparently going strong for the secoad and third positions. Notts County,and Darwin however may have something to say on the *latter yet. Bury has very slight cause to fear for they have obtained such a commanding lead.

Leaving the Association league, and coming to the Lancashire Rugby League, I see that the two leaders, Oldham and Tyldesley meet to-day, and a splendid fight may be looked forward to. The Tyldesley men are very confident of winning the match, and there is no doubt but that Oldham have a task before them. The Tyldesley forwards should in fast win the match for the " Bongers." The other match in the competition is that between Broughton Rangers and Rochdale Hornets, and , s well contested game should result.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and Salford also meet,but as Salford have bees expunged frem the League, the match will only be classed as an ordinary one. The interest in the League has indeed almost evaporated,owing to the three clubs, Leigh, Wigan, and Salford being put outside its pale this season. There cannot be very much enthu- slate when only seven clubs are engaged. Indeed, ten is rather a small number, and there ought at least to be twelve clubs in. It would be a good plan next season, for the committee of the League to reinstate the expelled clubs, and also take in the two clubs of the second division who have gained the highest number of points in the s c md division without having to fight for it. 01 course the other two divisions could be likewise lc er asea.

In the Lancashire Amateur Cup Competition the old Amp efordians have scratched to Warrington in the first romid,and Warrington consequently entered the second rousti unopposed.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PENIZETH.

OLD FOLK'S TREIT.—The 9th annual treat for the old folks of Penketh and surrounding districts was held on Monday night last in the Conservative Club. The state of the roads was very bad, but this did not keep the old p-ople away from the long expected treat. Over 70 people sat down to a very substantial tea, which was under the superintendence of Mesdames Routledge, Longshaw, Pownall, J. Routledge and the Misses M. and C. Foster. After the old people had partaken of a hearty tea, the stage was cleared, and Mr. J. C. Rout- lodge, took the chair. At the commencement of the proceedings Mr. Routledge remarked how pleased he was to see such n o,oedly gathering present, and hoped that they would enjoy themselves to the utmost. He spoke very feelingly of the death of their friend and 'supporter Mr. R. Da riiman. Mr. Lee was then called on for a song " Fat I,:r 0 Flynn " which was given in excellent style. Miss Leatherbarrow of Widnes then sang " This and That " very prettily, and was Followed by Mr. Harry Mainley with " The 7th Royal Fusiliers." Mr. W. Picton gave the company a rare treat with his two accordion solos " Ye Banks arid Brass," and "The Last Rose of Sum- mer." " Annie Laurie," was very sweetly rendered by Miss Railton, and Mr. George Neil, of Widnes, was heartily encored for his amg, " Eight Hours a Day." Mr. Walters, without whom the meeting would seem strange, sang his time-honoured song, " What will be- come of boa." This was followed by a duet by Mr. J. Lee and Miss Leatherbarrow, "The Music Lesson." it musical sketch by the Brothers Foster, " The Upper Ten," received a loud encore. Miss Railton sang, " Gin a Body," and was followed by Mr. Neil with "The Lodger," who was loudly encored, establishing himself a prime favourite with the old folks. Mr. C. Brown accompanied the artibtes on the pianoforte. During the entertainment, refreshments were lavishly supplied at the tables, andj the men were given churchwardens and tobacco, and puffed away with great satisfaction. At the conclusion of the meeting a ilb. of tea was pre- sented to 'the women, and the men each received lox. of tobacco. The Committee of Management were : Messrs. J. C. Routledge (chairman), Jonas Foster (sec.), Mainley. Cross, Denton, Longshaw, Pownall, Walters, and J. Jackson. A 'bus was in waiting to carry home the long-distance visitors. The expense was borne by subscription. The committee are to be congratulated on the success of toe meeting, which, to quote Mr. J. C. Routledge, is " The best we've ever had. The meeting ended with the strains of "Auld Lang Sync" Cuonsa, SOCIETY.—On Monday evening the members of the above society recommenced their practices in the Wesleyan Schools, and are preparing for a concert which will be given in Easter week. Several new mem- bers were:enrolled. The society is in a flourishing con- dition. LORD RANDOLPEI CHURCHILL.

A HOPELASS )31.1LLETIN. Sir Russell Reynolds was yesterday afternoon called in to consult with the other doctors concerning the condition of Lord Randolph Churchill, with the result that the following bulletin signed by four medical men was issued :—" Lord Randolph Churchill is in an ad- vanced stsge of general paralysis, and although his heart's action is a little improved to-day any change for the better in his condition can be expected to be only slight and temporary."

It is stated that the Goverment has promised to in- troduce the amended Friendly Societies Bill as a Govern- ment measure during the ensuing session of Parlia- ment. , ,

BABIES ON FIRE, HAMS BURNING UP, with itching and burning eczemas and other torturing, dis- figuring skin and scalp diseases. None but mothers realise how these little ones suffer when their tender skins are literally on fire. To know that a single appli- cation of the CIITICUEA REMEDIES will, in the great majority of cases, afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, n d point to a permanent and economical (because most speedy) cure, and not to use them with- out a moment's delay is to fail in your duty. Think of the years of suffering entailed by such neglect, years not only of physical, but of mental suffering by reason of personal disfigurement, added to bodily torture. Cures made in infancy and childhood are speedy, economical, and permanent. •

6-45 a.m.

/7-0 a.m. Next day

When Parliament is in session, says " Pearson's Weekly," Mr. Jol.m Morley usually attends high mass at the Brompton Oratory every Sunday morning. He enjoys sacred music above everything,and listens closely to the sermons of the Catholic priests.

, ,w1,i44.z,z,.<,,....,.:::=,,i7.:.°'''

GEORGE HENRY LEE &

BASNETT STREET

LIVERPOOL,

Are now , Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF . _ _

FANCY ARTICLES, SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIag.

AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOORS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS

Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREBTIIII 9

SpPeial.

G. H. and Co.'s Is. 30. Box of Christmas and New' Year Cards, Containing 5") Cards and Envelopes. The best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, original value 10s. By Post qd. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Userul Compendium for the Household, containing HWY. Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides o mass of Useful Information for the Home. Po" 'nee Is. 6d.

UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, CiIINTS. TIES, and SCARVES. SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUB MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, &0., For Presents.

GEORGE HENRY. LEE & Co.,

• BASNETT STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

An application was made gat Newmarket Petty 8,02 sions on Tuesday, am behalf of the Anti-Gambling League, against the stewards of the Jockey Cl' b keeping open rings on Newmarket Heath for The purP°''' of betting, and for permitting betting to be carried .0v: The Bench granted a summons, also summonses again" several of the book-makers, the cases to be heard 011 the 12th February.

Thin, emaciated persons tlnd In Scat's Emulsion, the fo, that gives them new life. Scott's Emulsion enriches Du' blood, creates solid flesh. and strengthens the whole systenbli It is a preparation of highest merit, and is ettiorsed by_t whole medical world, so there is no mystery about it. V/ ! it. (3)

, PO' 3. What the spelled hands are caused by I am surprised, get MATCHLESS ,CLEANSSII once, I pray.

witSg° a Warrington.—Printed and Published by Solll4 at The Examiner General Printing Works, and Published Published also at The Examiner Offices. WIDNRS ; High-street, RITXCORN 32, Ororr and a 3, Market-street, I ILLRLY.BIOI/0 ' 19 1895.

7 •

I

I ::

• -"?.:•••• . •

• v 11 , k , , , 410 I 41 Agnes .9. Derrif 3.otin agtori,Sionlei .1q ut nob Jay,. 2t 31 'n,rdg t°::ll7si ornalos°::::; te:lo.e CARDS of LATEST PATTOO, Hog OA nil inspect BaTnPle% 011, Also Posters, Wimil we 3 3,a• Newest type en • S. G-REEN, 30ROLIGH PRTISS, .-STEBET, WARRINGTON. cg%o a' Aed and Published by Sosta •• A - her General Printing Werke, Bey also at The Examiner Otilees, 4.igh-Street, RITTWORN ; 32, Oeor 33, Market-street, I HARLYSTOVO -

'

===== 0002601_18950119_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
P"' ' "4 .... 0..' . ..,'....,;......,,...1(i1.,

.:4„, , _'..!:17',.7',:-: :.,,,,,t i'‘';+l'.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 a.m.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 am. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1-53 Ran

1-50 p.m.

1-0 pan.

L-25 p.m.

L-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m.

3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

Newton-le-Willows Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook Frodsham , Helsby, Daresbury

, . and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall . Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton,

- and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchford Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South W,ales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales,

and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland, 8c Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton

'Preston, North Lancashire, West

Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Cnester, Wrexham, Llandudno, &

• Shrevisbury Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, &I

Sheffield Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and

Moore

Town Delivery Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lymm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens _ _

liTiK,rd and Hulme

Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan,Manchest Peterborough, and East Lineol shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cun berlapd, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despe,ch. All Parts London, Midlands, 8.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

I No extra fee

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 4-40 p.m. Ditto.

INo extra fe

10-45 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage. 5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 „

===== 0002601_18950119_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

===== 0002601_18950119_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ECEIVING HOUSE— I .Earlestown

SUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne LoWton StAbshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statios (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st Golborne Leh Street. „ Lowt on Chapel Lowton Corn moo (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

===== 0002601_18950119_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 in,

===== 0002601_18950119_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.ni. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9.25 am. and 5-55 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. 'These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 ,a9L7 p.m.

8 a.m. and 4-30 pini:

5, 10 am,, 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 pan• 9-30 am. and? p.m.. 6-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLL WS:— By Postm

cai).. I

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 ~ 11-30 „

1 r 11-45 .. ). 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-15 3-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra id. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 am

===== 0002601_18950119_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950119_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m

d-55 a,m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18950119_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Nii. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950119_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
II LF - H 015 R TALKS IN RUNCORN LIBRARY.— flfth lecture will be given on Friday, January Zblli, by MR. WILLIAM HANDLEY, on " James Brindley, Ntneer of the Duke's Canal." Chair to be taken at 8 o'clock Wiswall, Esq., C.E.

enESUIRE COUNTY COUNCIL—SCFIOLAR- ,_ SHIPS IN AGRICLILTTJRE AND HORTICULTURE. ▪ &forms of application for these SCHOLARSHIPS may now oe obtained from the undersigned. R. P. WARD, Organising Secretary. Crewe.

. i MUSICAL WARRINGTON SOCIETY. PRAcTIcEi win bl RESUMED on TUESDAY NEXT, 4&Nu hl. 22ND, at 7-30 p.m., in the Trinity Schoolroom. 1113 SIC : S ohr's ' List Judgm •nt„" Scc. dz. Copies of :41trovebeensoecivrrt Mr. PEARSON'S. Bold-street. etary wit be glad to r Inhere for either chorus or orchestra. Z 2, 80ld-street. W. eive the names o tra. f new B. ATKIN, Hon. Sec.

41.41t.8 BANKING COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK, LIMITED. NOTICE is hereby given that the THIRTIETH . en._ ANNUAL ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING of this r..."`"PatlY will be held at the C kNNON-STREET HOTEL, i il.rNDOrt, DC. on THURSDAY, the 24Th DAY of ' I .„.TIUARY, 1895:at 1 o'clock for the purpose ef declaring Zlividends lobe payable on the Ist Fei.ruary and let May atri,)ll3 Directors and Auditors, and conducting the Ordin- masiness of the Company. , 4 .11 e Transfer Books will be closed from Thursday, the 17th , 147,44 a to Thursday, the 7th February, both days i i•slashit. By Order . .TOTIN DUN, General Manager. i5..........._141Th010mew-lane. London, E.C,. 11th Jan.. 1895.

tit w ARRINGTON SLATE CO., LID DIDTmo —.WIC AND PENERYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, 01311ENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR TER BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR 9 ' 11 ACRERS, WHITLEY A CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, 1 1 te,s, . Help OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. Axpley, ornitios : SL ATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Mean-st la Arpley, a Tel. Address, reet, Runcornl. d aretunn. ' Arpley, Warrington. --- 110 J

• CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, Elaine EARLESTOWN. --Rim STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. 1111WSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. it good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

_ Gold, IIGUEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver,ffi bente'larnonas Sheeb4 and Rieetro Plate, Antiques, de• "CR Letters attended to.- C. H. HAYHURST srris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

Ar,N.c N G and CALISTHENICS. .—MISS r, 43eir —"ANAGH will recommence her CLASSES at 63. Wa rin ton IIItaINNERS on MONDAY, bvtal, 14TR, at 7r-30 gp p.m.. Terms 12s. 6d. ?er quarter an.'".2,9ED OA FRIDAY; JANUARY 18TH, at 8 p.m., 10s. 6d. nl-street Children and Adult Beginners on SATURDAY. 41tetin—' 4177. at 2-30 p.m., 10s. 6d. per quarter. Families rood with. ~..168E LESSONS in all the fashionable round dances, welt u6r,se of 7 lessons. Three Private Lessons in the Zi,g. • I,llayi Select PRIVATE CLASS is forming for Adults le,,fLper quarter. Also a Scent Afternoon CLASS for rft .nd child e only, 12s. Ed. per quarter. Schools and rani, rx attended.

lIUSSEY'S ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE, EVERY ARTICLE REDUCED. ALL PRICES MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. JEWELLERY, FANCY DRAPERY, HIGH-CLASS LEATHER GOODS AND FOREIGN NOVELTIES, 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER TUE UMBRELLA.)

ANNUAL STOCKTAKING SALE OF ALL WINTER STOCK IN MEN'S OVERCOATS ALL NEW SHAPES. YOUTH'S OVERCOATS ALL NEW SHAPES. BOY'S OVERCOATS ALL NEW SHAPES. AND ALL SURPLUS STOCK OF GENT'S TROUSERS, AND ODD VESTS, ex. REDUCTIONS FROM 4/- TO IOF IN THE R• ALL THE GOODS are our own make, from which will be found some Real Bargains. SALE FOR 28 DAYS. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 101 I lORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

MARROWFAT PEAS. RICE MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL. OAT OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UNDECORTICATED COTTON CAKE. SAMPLES AND PRICES FROM RICHARD ATKINSON & 00., 11, DRURY-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. rN URE D AGAINST 33T THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1.000,000. ESTABLI9NED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. 11. RIGBEY, Central Station St. Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Sandbaoh Mr. R. FI NLOW.Hooke,ry Bridge

E OFFICE, (FIRE SUN INSURANCE SUB plenumlN 1893.—P295,854,440. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. It. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Bdward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street. Masers. Voisey and Worthingtion,2l King-street Mr. K. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

THE LEADING GLOVER. EVENING SILK GLOVES, In Every Shade, 20 inches -/91, 27 inches 1/0i per pair. DOUBLE MILANESE SILK GLOVES, 24 inckes 1/14, 28 Inches 2/6i per pair. EVENING SUEDE GLOVES, In Every Shade, 14 butt. Length Mousguetaire 2/6i, 18 butt. Length 3/6i per pair. EVENING GLACE' KID GLOVES, Endless Variety, 14 butt. Length 3/111, 18 butt. Length 5/6 per pair. PATENT SEAMLESS GLOVES, 3/11i per pair. LADIES' LACE THREAD HOSE, To Match Above, 1/0. LADIES' LACE PLATED SPUN HOSE, All Shades, 1/14 per pair. CHILDREN'S GLOVES AND HOSIERY: In Every Make and Shade. GAUZE, FEATHER, AND SILK FAND! In Great Variety for Ladies and Children. HENRY MILES, 25 & 25A. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J. AND W.. DUTTON, 16 & 18, SANKEY STREET WARRINGTON. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. RENDERED NECESSARY THROUGH CON M- PLATED ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIO `% TO THEIR PREMISES, IS NOW BEING HELD and will be continued until the end of the Month. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF 50 PAGES FREE ON APPLICATION.

pQUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Ji-L T. EitiGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; aonsulting hours 10 till b. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street. Lon- 'on-road. Manchester.

ASTHMA! ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THE. LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDOS-ROW, CANNON-Sr. LONDON, B.C. .Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, &c. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL DIH L Eli, 25., by post 28.10, THE LEWIS ASTHMA A.ND HAYFEVER POW- DER. per tin 3s. 6d., by post .3s. 9d. THE. LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR Is.,by post Is. ljel. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR, for Cbronid Cases, 7s. 6d., complete. •• GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle, post Is lid

W. B EATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

QILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. • Conditions regulated by law. R.H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNI3KOKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. ROME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST .I_4 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 153.-13. BAKER, Proprietor.

SOUTXPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HY DR o.—Ph ysician Dr. BARNARD°. Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildingsin Southport, centeally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ;near Parks. Piers, Trams, and Golf Links; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage, Cialvanimp.—Terms moderate.—Preprielior, 3, Boocoex.

rr HE LOUVRE FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, PROPRIETORS. 115, AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. The Largest, Cheapest, and Best Assorted Stock of New and Second-hand Furniture in Lancashire. INSPECTION EARNESTLY INVITED. THOSE ABOUT To MARRY, And those who contemplate adding to their present Stock of Furniture are specially invited to pay an early visit to the Manchester Louvre (opposite All Saints' Church). No one will be pressed to buy, and our Salesmen have instruc. tions to show the public through our Spacious and Elegant Showrooms without importunity. Every facility is offered to intending purchasers. All goods are delivered free in our own carts and vans or securely packed for transit by Rail, Carriage Paid. Every article is tested before leaving the premises, and,. If necessary, skilled workmen will be sent out to plan carpets, and fit the house up. Estimates given for the complete furnishing of a House from £2O to £l,OOO in value. Advice gratis on the choice and selection of EVERY REQUISITE FOR COTTAGE OR MANSION. Parties visiting the Manchester Louvre should enter the Oxford-street, Rusholme. r Withington car at Pistadilly, and ask the conductor to stop at the MANCHESTER LOUVRE, where they will be astonished to flad such spacious and elegantly appointed Showrooms, surpassing anything out- side of London. Do not forget that we now hold THE MOST COMPLETE COLLECTION OF FURNITURE EVER OFFERED AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ITS ORIGINAL COST. Absolutely unapproachable for Eleganet, Comfort, Dura- bility, and Cheapness-. This week's list of bargains c uiL cs some very choice Specimens of Good and Substantial Furniture, and the fur- nishing public would do well to inspect these goods before deciding elsewhere. BARGAIN No. I.—Complete House of Furniture, consists of hall, sitting-room, bedroom, and kitchen, all complete, for 18 guineas. Write for particulars. BARGAIN No. 2.—Complete House of Fdruiture, all high- glass goods, consisting of dining-room,, sitting-room, two bedrooms, hall and landing and kitchen, all complete; delivered free for £3O, worth £5O. BARGAIN No, 3.—Drawing-room Suite, in rich Utrecht velvet, solid frames, consisting of large Ilse couch, lady's and gent't easy chairs, andlisix• small chairs; well worth 15 guineas;, our price £7 15s. BARGAIN No. 4.—Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe, flit. wide, with three separate compartments. hangings. shelves, drawers, As., large bevelled plate in centre dour, equal to new, by good maker only. £l6 16s. BARGAIN No. s.—Substantial Dining-room Suite in real skins (second-hand), solid frames, oomprising the usual nine pieces. A bargain at 12 guineas. BARGAIN No, 6.—Very Pretty Drawing-room Suite, in Chippendale mahogany frames,, upholstered in handsome old taidistry,,iorntaining settee. pair of easy chairs, and four small chairs; a bargain at £91.55. BARGAIN No,.7.—Very massive Dining-room Suite, in solid walnut, upholstered in real morocco, hair stuffed, (guaranteed), consisting of large size lounge, pair of luxu- rious easy chairs, and six standard small chairs, all padded backs, and fully eastored cost when new £45; our price repolished and delivered £25 10s. BARGAIN No. B.—Magnificent High-clans Solid Walnnt Bedroom Suite (seeond-land), ,made by #lll and Stewart, Glasgow. The wardrobe,,which I. nearly 6ft. wide, is a rare specimen of the cabinet-maker's art. Fitted with large bevelled plate in side door and with drawers, cupboards on the other side. Thodressing tittle is fitted with large mirror and reflexing side- mirrors, and all plush lined. The wash- stand, with handsome rouge Royal marble slab, with glass back. The pedestal to match, three chairs upholstered in plush to match aud double towel airer. This suite has only been in use for a short time, and will be sold at half its original cost, Repolished and delivered free for 60 guineas. BARGAIN No. 9—Solid Walnut Bedroom Sul te, consisting of 'lit. Wardrobe with bevel plate or centre door and large drawer below ; pair large size Toilet Tables, Pedestal, three Cane Chairs, and Towel Airer. Our price £l2 12s. BARGAIN No. 10..—Very massive Brass Persian Bedstead, all square pillars and tudlog, slightly soiled, cost when new, £24. ; our price, £l6 10s. 100 in stNek from £1 ss. Call and inspect. BARGAINS No, 11 to 15,—Great quantity of Hair-seating Furniture and Enamelled Bedroom Furniture, well worth Inspection. NOTICE.—As It is sometimes inconvenient to pay all the cash down when Furniahing, we make arrangements where- by a portion of ; the account may be paid for, by weekly or monthly payments, to; suit the parchasers. Our charge for this minvenience Is II per cent, added to the amount that is unpaid, and not on the full amount, as is usually charged by other firms, thereby saving you the percentage on the amount you pay down. GOLDSTONE AND SONS. 115, AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, (Opposite All Saints' Church), MANCHESTER. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE ANY DISTANCE.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, Au., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

H• ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over MO Pattertib kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD 'RAMS MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed 'return fare on £lO orders and above.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S :HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking, ought to be. This c,art never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System, a new name for the hal. quitous Hire System. To furnish a house tm`the Hire System, alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, such as not to remove the mark on the furniture, :Ft to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mercenaries to inspect the furniture, To pay the instal- ments regularly, audit oneis missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2'; worth of furniture. but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and stick to the £l9 ;aid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such asrpermission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they rosy treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in time, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require asslatanze go to Mr. W. If. Worsley, " The Pantheon," GaythOrne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you with consideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr.' Worsley las several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O. £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s. credit, with Cabinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses. I.c. Heavy Dining-room Suite, comnlete, in Mahogany, uphol- steep t in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll 10'k with Side Board, Dining Table, Overmantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug. Magnificent Bedroom Suite : Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand, Three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Cultains, Mat- tress, &c., all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain t—Complete House of Furniture mainly second-hand, for £2O cash ; £22 if liy deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, coach, two easy chairs and four single ch tin, dining table, mahogany adeboard. Persian c trpet and hearthrug, brass tender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and fireirons, hearthrug, oilcloth, &e. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress. Shetland wool overlay, bolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, brass rods, &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, ;brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots. £25, £3O, £25, £4O, and £5O, equally cheap ; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, altchmaged if not approved. „WOMLEY'S "TILE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, MANCHEINTER. Hours of businses 9 a.m. to? p.m

LORD BROS'. IS THE /SALE OF SALES. FOR PARTICULARS OF GOODS T HALF-PRICE. SEE HANDBILLS. Two minutes' walk from Market Gate down Bridge-street WILL SAVE YOU MANY A POUND AT LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

V. BENSON'S DRESS AND DRAPERY SALE commences JANUARY 14. 11, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING er CONTRACTORS' WORK EsTIMATED FOR.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL' AND CBL BRAT RD LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and swollen Udders. For Sore 'Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 64 .3e. 64., and Is. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re I Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Lever and Quarter 11l (Price 33.64. per dozen • liwes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cares Prostrated Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scone or Diarrhea and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price Is. 94. per bottle, 20s. per d,,zen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhma and Influenert. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Itifiammatory Coils and Lung Disorders. Price 3s, 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING- AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 35, and £1 10e. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and poet free. -- ROYAL ANIMAL ILEDICINB MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISII, &c, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should loe given early In the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLIS ON, Beswlck, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

9'H[4: MISSES RIM MEE, 23, WILSON PATTEN- a, ST., WARRINGTON SCHOOL DUTIES RESUMED (DV.) JANUARY 221 m, 1895. Fees, Lists of Passes, Testi- monials, etc.. on application.

• SOUTIIPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S• VERY SUCLESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) tor a few Boarders. Prospectus. Sm., on application to Head Master, NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. SHE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JANUARY 15Ta., 1895. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, JANUARY 1414, At 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, REWATER. I N.B.—Boarding house now open under the sanotion of the I Governor.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL The next TERM will begin on TUBSDAI,, JANUARY 22ND, 1895. Preparatory Form for boys under 12 years a age. Fee, £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the Head Master.

ASHIONS. THIRTIETH ANNUAL SALE AT JAMES LOWE'S., 13, 15, 17, AND 19 OLDHAM-SfREET, AND 3, 5 AND 7 BACK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, NOW TAKING PLACE. CATALOGUIIS FREE BY BOST.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every,Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN .A.ND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES. Inuit WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel ' kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. I N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM; 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS. ac. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. ROYLW S 1 Burning the New Smokeless Fuel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Chsecnal and gas irons STOVES.j entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 58 I Thousands selllq. Supplied on. appzoval. SHOWROOMS. I 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram ofdee) PATENTS. I DALHAMEINGINEKRING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-stre,t. Oxford-street.

STAMP COLLECTOR.E. Try our PACKET OP STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price is. id. by post. Wholesale and Retsil Lists Free,. Large Sto k of Rarities on hand, We Buy Old Foreign Stamps, loose or in booke, on envelopes or other wise. Old Stamped Envelopes Bought. THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO., 21 VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT jAMSON 'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STRXET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND,RTBRYTHING.

Publirationo.

_ “T_TOW TO ENSURE REALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions an Instructions for the cure of 41 kinds of Debility post free, two stamps,—Address Dr. BATIFTS.S, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnebury, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stooks and Shares is fully ex- plained In Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Dusk sent poet free. Full of valuable•information. Address GEORGE EVANS and. (Oa.. Stockbrokers, 211, Qmpen Victoria-at.. London, B.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC NOR 1895. - Contains Hints to Farrnera and Gardeners; Birthday In- formation for every day.of. the rear; the Fate of Cr.; Child born during 1895. When to Buy, Sell, Court, Merry, Set Fowls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts, Ask FavGrs, Hire Servants, Deal with, Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove arc., ac. Weather & general Predictions; Farming a otliet Tables ac.,, ac. 116 pages, Prices 6d. post tree 7d. Foulsham A C0.,.4, Pilgrim St., Ludgate Hill,, N.C., LOWE ad LArrnwATE, Warrington and all Stationers.,

IMPORTANT NOTICE.—WANTED every an to see the Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages.. Free 1•y post. Any address In envelope,—Wrlte H. HoWU.L Secretary, 4, Pltssallsn-square, Sheffield.

14. REE TO ATEN. When you are tired of taking nauaeous and mysterictas „prescriptions rind compounds, which da you nogop_d, but culy `ruin your digestive organs, write to =timid I will sem:Lyon a book which describes a Quicx AND CERTAIN terra or lost strength, wasting weakruns. Itc., from whalever CAUSO arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC ITY. Sent in ensolope on recetA of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH, 92-93. Great Ruraell-atreet, London. W.C.

GED DES'S DANDELION C OFFER Tbe best mid cbeapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canino, 5d., 104., and I s. 8d each. whoesala il•avT.vm& Sme W•Arrinptcin.

A French statistician says that the number of men I and women in France is mere nearly equal than in any other country in the world. The Egyptian bestowed great labour on their tombs and little on their homes., 'They regarded the latter as mere temptrary abodes, but the former they looked on ieeternal habitations. i. . Sarah Bernhardt' a bed is nearly fifteen feet broad,and when the fascinating Sarah is indisposed and receives her intimate friends reposing on a couch, she looks like a red7plumaged bird floating :on a great sea of white ' DrAtie 4irrttlics6;jhili— fiaticerso44, k-,,T4 ign,--land-is--a- dental- --missionary.. She -is - the datighter of the Rev. A. E. Taylor, a Methodist minister at Martinville,eehniylvanii, and has goneqo, lAfrica as a missionary and dentist. At birth a nekro child, is of a reddish, nut-brown colour; which turns to`a slaty-gray in the first Week bf the child's existence, and the black 'contour is not developed for a period varying from one to' three years. • '. Bread crumbs cleanse silk gowns. All traces of mud can easily be removed from black clotises by rubbing the spot ,with a raw. . potato cut in half. ' , In washing windaws wash the wood-work and sashes first then then with clear, clean water wash the glass, and the Werk is much lessened. A:marriage' has been declared void by an Australian out. because the wife had deceived her husband by stating that she was fifteen years younger than she, really was. . Plt a little spermaceti, lard, or kerosene in the boiled starph and borax in the cold, and your linen will be both Miff and glossy. - Ifiwindows must be cleansed in cold or freezing weather,'rub them with a rag dampened with alcohol. or kerdsene, instead of water, and polish with a clean dry cloth. , . . H t lemonade is One of the best remedies for a cold. One lemon, properly squeezed, cut in slices, put with sug r, and covered with half a pint of bailing water ; drinfr just before going to bed, -and do not 'expose' your- self on the following day. This remedy Will ward off an artack of the chills and fever if used promptly. .........____, , I - • , It is Well to Remember • That flannels should always' be washed by them- rielveS in it suds prepared for 'them'; oh no account to be r` bbed on the board'unless very dirty. T at the suds should be pleasantly warm to the hands not too hot, and no hot or cold water to be ,added while the flannels are in the tub. , 'Plat they should be rinsed in clean water of the same teMperature as the washing suds, and as many 'waters used as may be necessary to take all the *soap out, as the flannels will' never be soft with the soap left in them.. That they should never be blued. That they should he. pulled In shape before hang- ing; undershirts being hung from the shoulders. , That they should' never be hung out of doors in freez- ing weather, but quickly dried before, the fire, or het- i. 1 ,er,, over the register, and pressed as soon ,as dry ennlugh. 1 Tat _ Tt black woollen and cotton hose s . hould be mashed by hemselves (so as not to get lint on them), pulled in sha e; hung on the line from the toes, and then the drip-will go 'down, instead of .remaining in the toes and shrinking thent: ' ' . , ~ , . • Children's Teeth. ' . • Never make the raistake.of supposing that it will be "time enough" when the second teeth come in to teach the child how to •cleanse the teeth. This habit is not easily instilled later if not begun in early childhood. I know one young lady who first wielded a tooth-brush at the age of two years. She is about three and a-half now, cleanses her teeth herself, and they are as clean as her mother's, which is saying much. The father is a dentist, which may have something to do a ith the exceptional state of affairs. Teach the child to clean the teeth, and see that it is done theroughty night and morning. Even the temporary set should be preserved, if fok no other reason than because'sorne Of them will not be lOst until the t -smith year, and therefore must be retained among the new teeth. If they are decayed they will conta- minate the others, because decay is contagious, especi- ally in the same mouth. 'there are many kinds of stains ,which occur on teeth, none of which really injure the tooth itself with a single exception. Green stain is a dangerous foe to the enamel. Unlike other stains, it appears most frequently on the upper six front teeth. In appearance it is a greenish slime,resembling the scum seen on stagnant pools of water. ' If cleaned off the enamel is found chalky in colour and existence, and is readily chipped away so that a filling is nee led. What is the cause of this has not been actually demon- atrated. _

• n LABOUg DEPARTMENT REPORT. • • A The report of the Labour Department of the Board 01-- Tr* states that returns received from 67 trade union' with 'an aggregate ,membership of 367,796, shoved'Abej total number of unemployed Members at the • closn'el 1894 to be 28484, .or 7-7 s per cent, compared with per tent in the 32 trade unions mating returns 1101.' December, 1893. The cotton trade is stated to have•--- been f‘ snrnewhat unsettled," with both spinners and weavers only moderately employed. The percent,aeof I unemployed spinners was 2.8. Forty-four new disputeS ' were reported in December, against 56 in November. Particulars obtained relative to 38 of the disputes I.A showed that 5,838 persons were affected. Ten new and 22 old.disputes, affecting together upwards of 3,508 persons, were still going on at the end of December. ' t SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting, t: book which every woman would be glad to have Contains Important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid tts ' anxieties so distressing to the sex. Sent free secureli sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. APDRI ; Professor E. LASALLE, 17. Eastbourne Tenses Priddinkton, Loudon. W

Written by a Diplornee of a London Hospital. Co 7- of this Book will be sent to each user of LIFEBUOY SOAP who sends his or :ler nom* and address ucid I 2 LIFEBUOY SOAP Wrappers, postage or carriage paid, to LeVtii2 LIRO'f:IERS. Limited, Port Sunlight, near Birkenhead. • CONTENTS.—Th E ...ISSING BAG: A Complete Story—INTRODUCTION TO THE SECRET OF HEALTH '- 00100 TO HOME NURSING —.Gums TO NURSO4G IN INERCTxous ILLNENsES uR DUTY To OUR NE!Glotour:— CIioLVRA : How to Preveut it—firscrst CHAPTER—A WORD OP WARNING—SICK. DIET, AND F,ELING lifE SiCI: —I.3BRE UL HINTS FOS HEADS OF FAMILIES.

Books by LIFHHUOY SOAP Is a Carbolic Disinfectant Soap for use In the Pre. ventlon of Sickness and the Preservation of Health, and is guaranteed Popular Authors perfectly pure and free from any injurious chemicals. All purchasers of this soap can excnange the Wrappers, at the Dealer's from whom Given with they bay the soap, for BOOKS. Lifebuoy Soap.

rPO CONTRACTORS, FARMERS, and OT/lERS.—Two .1 powerful Cart HORSES, 16 and 16 2; -lso two :short- legged Cart MIRES, 15 3 and 16 hands, in foal to noted shire cart horse. Ages from five to eight years. All warranted quiet, good workers in all gears, and out of regular work. Reasonable trial and every satisfaction given to purohasers. Must be sold, owner no further use for them. Prices £lB to £3o.—Ricasans, 32, Swinley-lane. off Swiuley-road, Wigan- lane, Wigan.

AN SALE (1) A GRAND LITTER by the renowned Merry Coll big winners. ex a beautiful Finsbury Masher bitch, grand heads, and sure winners 20s. to 505. each, (2). A beautiful little bitch, with 2 grand bia, pups, by Merry Coll. contains the bluest blood; only £5. the pups atie worth the money, (3,) Pitapat, dam of winners, grand lead, heavy coat, a g in ; £6. (4.) Prom:sing b tch pup ex Pitapat; 20s. It required, a service to best s ad dog living can be had with bitches at reasonable fee. Above must be cleared, room re- quired.---Dewitson. Eidgeval, Brampton, Cnnaberland. BEAUTIFUL SINGING COcK CANARIES, trained by Nightingales, Woodlarks, Titlarks, have long trills and waterbubble, run 1.15., 123. 6d.. and 15s. each; 2 special Grand SCHOOLMASTERS 21s. each all warranted In full song, health and condition. Sent safe to any address on receipt of P. 0.0.; also a beauthul Grey PARROT, with red tail, talker, 405.; 5,000 pairs Foreign Birds in stock. Send for price list, state wants; also PerBiald Cats and Kittens, Pet Dogs of all kinds. All articles war- ranted first-cIass.—AUGUSTUEI ZACIIE, Merchant, Portland Aviaries and Pet Stores, 196, Great Portland-st., London W.

SORESHOULDERS, SORE BACRS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary cook free from 61, Turnmill-'itreet, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruins, broken knees. Cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Co:idy's (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. ITETBRINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases Df Horses, Dogs, &c. f rorn CONDY'S FLUID Worms, 61. Turnmill-street. Loncion.R C.

W lIITE STAR LINE ROYAL • MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Qtleellstown. EVERY W ED74E.D.A Y. *ADRIATIC Wed.. Jan. 23. EUTONIC... Wed , Jan. 30. Cotton not carrzed on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State .1-Loom amidships. Apply to ISMA,Y, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. E•C.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL • PARTS OF THE WORLD: -4,0"•& JOHN WALKER AND Co., DA* "EXAMINER ' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR WN MID LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- V) DAY, and tor BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

AD EL AID E, MELBOURNE ann SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. ik-r-Ew ZEALAND. TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN I LINES landing pas6engers en route at Tenerlffe Cann Town. and at Hobart. &O.

INTENDI NG EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AT.ITEALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LO W EST RATES at -in THE EAXAMINER," ()IfFICE, WARRINGTON. 'By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. .TOTIN WALKFR AND Co.. AGRVTS

inoittp. t2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced On Mgrtgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.-3. W. REAMER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5,182.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY, Is. IN THE se INTEREST. A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at ..Ca. his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply oa note of hand. Distanc3 no objeet.—.Uply personally or by letter to MANAGF.R, 28, Haydock-st„ Betrlrstawn (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. QTRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on 1.3 BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £IO,OOO now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACGGUN TAN T, 20, KENNEDY STREET. 'MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED IVO.

WIDN ES AND W ARRIN GTON. JOHN E. HOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES tvl FRIVATHLY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable tic oseholders, on their own security. ZONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR ROUSH. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR D-EBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enqui7F, on your simple written prenalse to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WORMS, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, anv, livening from 6ts T. Applications front RUNCORN anti District generally receive precisely the 611ffie attention.

MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with Jarge, Uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE MINIS OF £lO TO £l.OOO, To Responsible Persons, crr the Borrower.' SIMPLE WRITTEN YttoMISE 10 RU-PAT. • Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs. Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, Ac. at 5 per cent. Uepayments oby Easy Instalments. Capital Can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern. And not connected with any Lnan Office. IffABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO •APPLY. Full partmulars from— J. CAM P BELL, ESQ., • Manchester Chambers, 46a, Market Street, MANCHESTER.

• DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS DIE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS, iNFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE •CREST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepaeed from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterieus ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. R. Fox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE BADE. 72. GOSWELL-EOAD, LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tins 11 each. Post free from toe Proprietor on reeel,pt,of Stamps or r.matiki Order.

GEORGE JACKS() PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. :JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Dekeriptloll. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OP INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

A RARE CHANCE.-IJandsom4 _LA. Pair a ETCHINGS in grand Walnut and solid English Gilt Payments taken. Frames. Subjects..“ The Bp igof Coon," and "Robin Hood's Bay." Yorkshire, honestly worth 2 guineas. 21/- Our price

VERY Handsome Regulator CLOCK, in natural unpolished Payments taken. Walnut Case, quite new and usually 21 6 sold at 3 guineas. A bargain for J_ IS. D. QPECIAL 'VALUE in HEARTH k_7 RUGS. A fresh Stock just in. All prices from 2s. 11d. to 12s. fid. Payments taken. in all the latest patterns. Try one of our noted Rugs, 2 yards 4 inches 4/11 long by one yard wide, at -1-)Alth OPPORTUNITY, only for- felted this week. splendid Marble CLOCK, Enulish movement Payments taken. and warranted a good timekeeper; also pair of massive Bronze Figures standing 17 inches high in.sOlendid 1 condition, will take to clear 1.4.75. VD.

VORFEITED this week Gent's I: Silver patent centre sarsonds chronograph stop WARCH, fully Payments taken. jeweled, and in good going order. Warranted for three years. See 17/6 this for

WB have lett from Christmas Stock a few job lines ix LINOLEUMS. usual selling mice is. I.ld. per yard. must be cleared Paymentstaken. before sSeektaking. A genuine sacrifice for Is. Gd. a yard. Don't miss this.

SALE, !MANURE WORKS,Widnes, and Gas Work sand 1..5 Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HosAnsei, 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool. I3RITISH ARMY MARKETS, 28. each. Bit. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool ; or 20s. per doz. Sample post free. 2s. 6d. from H. J. Gessox, Government Contractor, Rye.

AN6'ACTITRERS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- -1.31_ mere, Velvets. Flannels, Sic.; 1011 as bundles; cheap ; price list free.—W. CLARK.SON, merchant. 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

DATCLIWOIiK.-50 pieces silk, satin, brocade, velvet, Is. Bd. or ls. 2d. ; print pieces (good parcel) Is. 7d, ; par cels for bazaar work and doll draping 3s. 6d.—ST.scsr- London-road , Southampton.

R HEUMATISM. RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATISM—Cure guaranteed by Prior's Mastic Liniment; try it.— STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London, N.W.

KNEP FROM DA.MP.—I HAVE some extra-strong white 6ft. 51WAca1 Ti3rPgje4° paid; eto Sißsir fouS'r times the 3ft. 2s. 6d. 61t. by the money.—From HENRY J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

ORSIIS' LOIN CLOTIIS.—Beet and strongest in the market-46n. long. 331 n. wide. waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post tree for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.-11. J. GASSDN, Bye.

1010.1. TC if ORK.-75 large, lovely Silks, ls. 3d. 60 coloured Velvet, is. 33. ; large uunrile Prints, is. 3rl All new. Carriage paid. Brocaded Silk liandkevehlefs gratis with 1 two parcels. JACKSON, Rook:a-buildings, Pendleton, Manchester.

LANCASHIRE GOLD WATCHES, equal in app. aranee to 11 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, ceutra-wonds. stop watches, 15s. 6d.; keyless hunters. 188. 6d. each. Good time- keepers. Money returnoßl if not approved.—Pustal orders to A. COLLINS. Station-road, Ainsdale, Lancashire.

_ILUNTING SPURS, finest pair,re,l silver, fashionable long straight necks, with beet straps. patent leather. Un- soiled, 46. 9d., worth 1 guinea pair nickel plated ones, with good straps, complete. pos; paid. 2.5• Sd. J. WARRILOW, Chippenham. •

Ai AMC LANTERNS, bLlDES.—(Special bargains) and .-01. Accessories, Phctograptifc Enlarking Lanterns, Stereo- scopes (end views, splendid oelleet ion) Microseopes &e. new and second-hand, very cheap. Manchester Photographic DeOt, 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints).

46 THR BOY'S OWN GUN" fires bullets, shot, or darts ; 1 sure killer of birds, rabbits ;no powder or license re- quired ; priao 2s. 3d.tach. Guns, Rifles, Nuts. Traps, Decoys and Shooting Requisites ; cstMegue Id. ; carriage paid.— Joan EGGLVSTON, Naturalist, Sunderland.

FOUND, a way to make Ono Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentlemen's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's press Suits on hire. 3s. to bs. per Lendon-road. Liverpool. TWIN LOWS, Fire and Thief-proof SAPS MARRS, has ON V BILLB Mlmer, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillip., and • others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

B' T)ILLIARDS.I BAGATELLE l—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is liElfft• MG BROS, LTu. 2,9, High-A., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Estab- lished U 162.

LIOUTH WEST MANITOBA.—For sale, splendid Farm about 500 aCres, Well watered for et( <A. price £l,OOO. lay terms pavnu-nt, or would exchange for small farm, freet,old, in baglancl —Address MAIIITOBAN. 137, Upper Parliament-street, LiverPoel,

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, tram 30s. ; Coat., ,10s. and 12s. Snits on hire, from Zs. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stosk.—Exwoon 164. London-road. Liverpool.

ORIN and S'2ORIESUTIC 11ISBASES Such as ECZEMA, SCURF, SYCOSIS (Rarber'e Itch), PIMPLISS and other eruptions cured by " RNGLAND'S OINTIVIHNT." Has cured cases of long standing after medical if en have failed. Per Box 944. By Foot Is. From B. ENGLAND, Lie- card. Liverpool.

IT 00K t LOOK t! LOOK 11l GREATEST BARGAINS ON EA itTli.-10 000 Waterproof Hoods an 4 Capes I Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 7s. 6d. eash, I will send it Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free, quite new, hut put Out of service. —Husrulr Jour( Gessois, Government Contractor, Eye.

TTILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said 11 by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as.they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers an.' others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be spe-dily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLB POISON. Price of either of above. ls, 24.. Is 6d..28. rost free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

" THAT'S WHAT I GMT FOR MY PAINS, as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with ej.IBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes Is. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d., post I, ee.—lautson's EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Caetle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETH,f COTTAGES, 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. WINWICK ROAD, Oliver-street, Good LODGING HOUSE, Bs. UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. BRIDGE STREET., Modern Built SHOP with excellent dwelling-house, £65. • BRIDGE STREET, Market Gate end, Lock-up SHOP, 84c. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

1110 BB SOLD OR LET. Old Established Grocery and J. Provision BUSTERS'S in centre of town ; immediate posses•ion : good trade in corn, hay, straw, and baking ; 20 years'.atanding ; Iti Itealth.-45, George-st , Blackpool.

RESIDENCE TO LET.--SB, Dewsey-st.; eapital Dwelling House; 4 bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, &c.; reduced rent.—Particu- oars, Trsos. CownaLL, Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- blrs, Warrington.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Griereon, and Co, Limited), Huime, Manchester, hare the Largest Assortment of WHEk'L and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are In a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwrigtt, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue ot wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 220.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LocomoTivn ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOp. Have in Stock raady for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 snd 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATIINT OFF ICS MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES I SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practiaal knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIES, CM., ik SON. F.1.P.A., 51.5. A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S. ASBESTOS WA.REHOUSE. HELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'i PATENT ASBESTOS PACED VALVES, BELL's AS BESTOi BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS, SHEIsTINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors In the Northern Counties : P. R. P U T Z, Sand 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTS, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STSEET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses: " Asbestos," Manchester : arid "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED Dr trIC.CRUPULOITS DEILEPP.

r UCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER .t PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &o. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Seam. or ()ENTENTE!) ()NLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London. Caraiff, Newport. and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL

Zfrprits, 13ag5tnette5, earriages, IBEX Tandem Safety. Convertible to single if required. Write for particulars. TtfiguAND, 41, St. aeorge's Avemue, Tufnell Park, London, N.

FREE! FREE! • Post Free to any Address SAFETIES! to A gents,Dralers and others. Wholesale List o.intaining 1.000 (One Thousand) Machines, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. 5.. per cent, cheaper than other makers or agents. Why pay more or fancy prices ? Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once tor the largest and 'most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling vans and no large profits. W R. WARRILOW, Cycle Works, Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLAMBR-STREET, LIVIHIPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates (or Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victoria., Waeonettes, and Ptertons, nov; for Sale or Hire.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNB. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNS is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy over dis- covered. eiIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for . Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. OHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k./ those too often fatal divases.—DiplitheriaSever,Croup, Ague. OHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysenbry. OHLORODYNE effectually cuts short a.ll attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. (I.III.ORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Censer, Toothache. Meningitis, &a. Prom Dr. B, 3. BOULTON and Co.. liorneastle. We have made pretty exteneive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an exeellent direct Seda- tive and Anti•spasmodtc. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It indiuma a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other Sedatives ; that it leay.s no empleseant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he reeaveri a despatch from her Majefity's Consul at Man- illa, to the , ffect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet, let December, 1264. pAUTION.-BEWAIIS oF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.— Vice Chancellor Sir W. FLOE WOOD stated that Dr. 3. COI LIS BkowNit was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn I o.—See Times, 13th July, 1664. Sold in bottles at Is. lid , 25 9d., end thi. 6d. None Is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CH LOR 0 DYN E " on Ihe Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. 801.11 MANITFACTURERB.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-at., Bloomsbury, London.

_ ITALIAN MARBLE SCULPTURE, MONDAY NEXT, AND- FOUR FOLLOWING DAYS. AT THE MART, 37, CORPORATION STREET, MANCHESTER, at II each day. Bv Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will gell by AUCTION 40 Cases of MAIM LH SCULPT UM consigned direct from Italy, for absolute sale. View mornings of sale.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, 1. Warrington . AUCTION Rooms—NO.l Rank Street AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass , Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Associ‘tion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1364.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CNAMBERS, SALIMOOM:— f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

ilfittstral instrturtents. GlllTARS.—Splendid Guitar, inlaid with ivory, machine head. &c., unscratehest, a superior instrument, honestly worth £6; price £el ; part useful exchange entertained.— HEWITSON, Ridgevale.Crampton, Cumberland.

SMITH, SONS, AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT • MAKERS. KIRKMAN BRNST KAPS. COLLARD GORS & KALLMANN BROADWOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECHSTEIN, Bar. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered free in Warrington and Di trict on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel. 2445.

ef. T EMPERLEY MUSIC SRL LIIR, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIR.II and on HI RR-PURCHASE.

B SIIA W. PIANOS. RENSHAW. PIA. HENSHAW. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHES' PEOPLE'S MODEL," seven octaves, full trichord, check action, panel front, iron frame. in veneered cases, £22 cash, or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 64. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 64. monthly, by all the leading makers. All Instruments sold by HENSHAW are fully war- ranted. 83, Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and iastrument. • RENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and I Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT HENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

DIANO SALB A T J. PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST., AD- .I WICK, MANCIIRSTBR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Pull-compass Semi-grand, by Broadwood .B 2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Fall-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood ft Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organ corn bined, a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, with mus-ic, cost £35 l5 0 several Organs by Belt, Storey and Clark, Briggeport and homes, from £2 15s. upwards.

Contrarts.

IfGROUGII OF WARRINGTON.:CASI3EPARTMENT. The GAS DEPARTMENT invite Tenders for the sup- ply cf Cast Columns mad Wrought and Cast Iron Girders. Tenders must be sent in by 12. Noon, on tits 25th inst., en- dorsed `• Tenders for Columns, .to." and addressed to tha Chairman of the Committee. For further particulars apply to Mr. W. S. Henpocx, Engineer to the Works. FR SDK. TAYLOR, Secretary. Gas Offices, 12th January, 1895.

EJLECTRO - MASSAGE (THOMAS' SYsTEM). - CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS:- 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' 2.111111 CD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELECTRO-HYDROPATHY, Ace. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; eighteen treatments.—CUßED. 4r. Liverpool, bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUßED. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, &a. ; twenty treatments.—MUCH IMPROVED. Mr. —, Warrington. n,ervoas exhaustion, varicocele; eigh- teen treattnents.—CUßED. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.— ALMOST CURIO.). Mr. —, Moot* varicocele, mental depression ; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, vericocele, nervous exhaustion, Btc. ; twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optios, nervous debility, sliwish liver ; sioirr IMSTORED, general health greatly improved—sixteen treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Full particulars on application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist, 22, Lord-street. Liverpool. ELECTRIOITY, as a 'Therapeutic Agent, when scientifically applied, acts as a STIMULANT, ANDATIVE, TONIC. --0 Tan NY PeSCIS ARE— IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP. INCREASE OF APPETITE; IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION, REGULATION OF BOWELS • . IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF OF NER- VOUSNESS AND MENTIAL DEPRESSION; INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. Mr. —, Birkenhead. nervous debility of long standing; six treatments—better in every way. Mr. —, Prenton. nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. —, Liverpool. nervous debility, sluggish liver. consti- pation, varioacele ; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Seacombe. extreme nervousness, constipation general debility ; fifteen treatments, OUItED. Mr. --, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ; twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. --, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous eicbaus- tion.loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments, FULLY RES I 012 ED. Mr. ' St. Michael's. nervous debility, climate constina- tion el years, standing, varicooelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above eases had been considered hopeleasly inourable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FRE& One Resident Patient bakes. R. H. THOMAS, SPEC/ILIST. 22. LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOYS AND GAMES. The Largest Seltetion of Toys in the ;City. Prices from le. so £.5. Hooking Horses. Dolls. Mail Carts. Swings. Pole Horses, Bassinettes, Le. All guaranteed English make. ALL THE LATEST PARLOUR GAMES is. EACH. BLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP 1T HANDY, GRANT'S MORELLA -Ty kiIIERRY BRANDY, Nave you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which is made from the famous Kent Morellos ? QUEEN'S QUALITY for general use, SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the open air. SOLD LIVRHYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off with inferior make THOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

GAS HEATING STOVES. OIL HEATING STOVES. COAL AND COKE STOVES. A GREAT VARIETY Suitable for OFFICES, WAREHOUSES, BEDROOMS, SITTING ROOMS, NURSERIES, &c. SAFETY TABLE AND TELESCOPIC OIL BEST PATTERNS LAMPS AND MAKERS Catalogues can be had from Local Gas Fitters, Plumbers and Ironmongers. BAXENDALES', MILLER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

TO be Sold by Private Treaty. a Valuable and Comprehensive Collection of OIL PAINTINGS and WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS of undoubted authenticity and highest merit. including. amongst others, choice examples by the following artists:— OIL PAINTINGS. T. Sidney Cooper, ILA., B. W. Leader, A.R.A. John Phillip, R.A., W. C. T. Dobson; BA., R. Ansdell, ILA., J. B. Burgess, BA.. Briton Riviere, NA., J. W. Oakes, A.R.A., Sir E. J. Poynter, HA., hr J. IL Millais, R.A., J. D. Watson, Burton Barber, Heywood Hardy, Laslett J. Putt, J. J. Tisset, Edwin Hayes, R.H.A., Eugene Verbceckhoven, Rd. Beavis, Ernest Crofts, A.R.A., E. M. Ward, RA., G. B. O'Neil, F. D. Hardy, Wm. Oliver, James Denby, Keeley Halswelle, R.S.A., James Stark, David Cox, Robert Tonge, Wm. Huggins, Wm. Linnell, &c., &c. WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS. Dirket Foster, R.W.S.. George A. Fripp, R.W.S., Copley Fielding, J. W. Whittek,r, Fred Taylor, R.W.S., Herman Tenkftte, John Varley, John Steeple, Samuel Palmer, R.W.S., F. W. Topham, George Barrett, Albert Moore, R.W.S., Clarence Whaite, P.R.C.A., George Cattermole, R.W.S., Ac., &c.. And a vast number of other FAMOUS Painters of equal merit, May be Viewen at the Art Galleries of Mr. John King. 83, Renshaw-street, Liverpool, between the hours of Ten a.m. and Six MM. Every picture strictly guaranteed to be the work of the artist whose name is appended thereto. Inspection Invited.

RUPTURE: ITS RELIEF' AND CURE. By J. A. SHERMAN, HERNIA SPECIALIST. Author and Inventor of the populur SHERMAN METHOD. Will Se in attendance at his Chambers, 19, Mount-street (opposite Central Station), Manchester and 19, West George-street (Victoria Hotel), Glasgow, ALTERNATE WEEKS. Write at once for his BOOK of Information and Endorse- ments, whish he sends POST FREE.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1895,

IN DIGESTION THE whole medical profession the world over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the stomach and kidneys. Hitherto the renie,lies prescribe 1 by the medical profession for Indigestion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogcler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion. It is the most wonderful medicine in exihtcnce, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 1,13 and 26, of all Chemists; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt Of 14 or 30 stamps by the Sole Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farringdou Road, London.

A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. Do you worry because you look so very pale, with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could re- store you to vigorous, happy life? If so, take Cock- burn's Tonic Blood Pills and atop worrying. They make cheel s like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all Chemists in boxes at is., 2s. 6d., and 45. 6d., or per post 2d.extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S DRUG STORE, Howard-St., Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn: Messrs. SPEAKMAN BROS. 7 High-street.Warrington OTS, Limited: GENERAL NEWS. A warrant has been issued against Mark Jopling, the secretary of the Auckland Rock Building Society, Bishop Auckland, the deficit in whose accounts is estimated at £l,OOO. A number of prominent American yachtsmen have de- cided to form a syndicate to build a new Herreshoff for the defence of the American Cup. At the Islington clerical meeting on Monday the Dean of Norwich (Dr. Lefroy) said that betting club raids. Divorce Court revelations, and the escapades of society generally showed that there were many moving in the higher racks of life who might be legitimately called home heathens.

"to look on the bright side of things "—said the wisest Doctor and the greatest Tea-drinker of the Eighteenth Century, You can make that thousand, too, if you try. Try it and yore will make this New Year '95 a really happy one for yourself and for your friends and neighbours. 'Twill cost you only a few pence every week. For there's nothing equal to a morning and evening brew of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA to make everything look brighter to you and yours. OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE sell our far-famed Packets, sealed and signed by us, and containing just the same qualities at just the same prices as at our Headquarters. The Masses drink many million cups of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA every day, and that's the best pos- sible proof that when you buy it you will get the best possible value for your money. PRICES: 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-. 2/4, and 2/8 a lb. BROOKE. BOND & CO., LIMITED. THS LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES- -17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER 29, /HARNEY STREET,

.43:142rd=tardbds These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam nk N . of Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections and cure in Sort 48 hours the same diseases without incon- venience. 4/6 of all Che. 41 D mists. Or post free. WILCOX & Co., 239, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W

GREAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION wguEZ.TYtoYey.tßemS'eldlyEfSoy fitTinatesbbongbit tip lidgae Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sight,Bladder, Gravel? Kidney, and Liver complaints. This Prescription is in the hands of a Minister who will befriend anyone suffering from these enervating diseases. It has CURED THOUSAMDS. Merely send self-addressed stamped envelope to the Rev. David Jones, Ray Villa, Lewes, when the prescrip. tion will be sent FREE OF' CHARGE. Name this Paper.

WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS* A sure cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the 11 GRAVEL Dropsy, ,Wind and Water Complaints PILL 9 GRAVEL Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, 14.14-'4 GRAVEL Urinary Organs, Stone, Meet. Stricture GRAVEL Sciatica Rheumatism, &c. The Effect EILTS GRAVEL of One 'Box is Har7ellous. Price 1/4 I 15',.1,1's GRAVEL and 2/9 wt.. Box. Agents & Co. I 11..,..7,9 GRAVEL I Buttermarket-st.,Fairhurst & Co. Horse- ' GRAVEL I market-st.. J. R. Young, Sankev-st., I rix, Boot,. Bridge-St.. W-aring. on; or free by post from TirE Pnoraivroxs, 41. Scotland-road, Liverpool A PERFECT CURE sPNETICAL422IXISR For weakness, loss df tiesh and vital power, rest- 11%,, ' less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailnientd arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- . Messrs. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield. 4/6 THE CASE, BY POST 4/9. tY11.1.. CURE YOU. AGENTS —MESSRS HOVBNDEN, 61. CITY -ROAD. : who will forward POUSHING—A PLEASURE WILL NOT STEPHENbON - FINGER -PRO: MARK. ' GREAMi. ON' -*" , /// bliChernists, Grocers, and Iron monfTeTtn.. e 'Irs,aTEPHENSON BROS., BRADFur"-- ,

NEEstagralsc.-- CONCREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIB• The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR 1626.) old. This splendid medicine should be in every h°ns-h On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Gold en a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR wlll, . in nin,lor ut of twenty cases, carry it off before it becc flies settle IN, merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION °F FLUENZA take it,--as well as when the well-marked sYnit'e of appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarmii., Rev. F. E. HEAPS, of Derby, in a recent let:cr to :,`.lr.to,ne—avati says: "You,- medicine always filets inc ZUM'.S tira, drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last 2Jay.' IN CASES OF rid Coughs, Recent or Chrarilc, Bronchial AfFectiorrs et tbe Persevere with this medicine, and you can h,,dly fail to g 1 Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to ciis.•flPear' ihe In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especiallY t° 261, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— O 009 NGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the. case of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. Con4reve's loose Also note that this medicine should be kept in the For by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. HOARSENESS it is'invaluable, and Splendid for the VoiCe, t and 15 a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to speakers going weathers. WARM AND COM FORTING AND.he PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in of a lozenge. d all CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be ha" a 6eLi Medicine Vendors in bottles at Is. x 3,0., 25. gd., 41• family bottles at Its, and in. '-• • • aa,tz Z`• DR. MACKAY 6 MAttVaLLOUS FIV&A.VeI (41116" vOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRRE-- TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn s!lx houro' less cases yield to this extra !Unary Medicine "sufferel, Immense sale throughout th w3rld. Thousands er,005 cured, Testimonials Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instrue;r over' Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent pOst free, un'e for ss. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, 111 Gil HOLBORN, l'clud°l'. Beware of Dishonest Imitators. AGENTS P. 09 An easy Nvo.y of ISC 1,1 T cO3Ol ING YOUR CLUBS foN,VtAbrio'CiPipf Fgeos,L wANTED BENSON'S a a, I' Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good, Scan rrerpa; Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Esoki, Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. 0. 62 (k, 64, LUDGATE HILL, L01\71)03.'1, ONE CASE OF ARMY AND MEDICINES contains sufficient , Contagious Diseases of a ce tain class, (internal f external), Price Si. 6.1. Single Bottles 0 2s. 9d. Only of HOP, Operative Cherd. Methuen),332, Derinsgal,, M'atichagter. : a

I

ESTABLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BAN-- Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed - DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. - TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on Minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £10.:. STOCRS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purenabed and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smalls= endeposit, and allows Interest mo nthly on 'each completed £ BIERBECK 'BUILDING SOCIETY 110 W TO PURCHASE A HOUSE , FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIERBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRICHECR ALMANACK, with full particulars, post ire FRANCIS RAVENSOROFT, Manager.

FRANCIS IWORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL.' Invite Inquiries and Referenco to their NEW CATALOGUE.

- .p w . y .41 iri .4 f.r., f 6 %.t.r , p kil rt 67. 0-4, ' .A GOOD FAM al, _ pal) i it.) ariE u L.. 4,..) j 3 W ' ITH 'a -prudent use, has saved many a life;' and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take tome good Compound such as , COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, . and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers Others might be used, but - . COCKLE'S PILLS, . as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. ~. FREE FROM MERCURY. . OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLi.... . I , i For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Bze. ___

r (.., ...).-' • "VP% Li• rIIVI.AN9S • E-05‘...----- • v • . ' t 7 EMBROCATION° „ j. .. 4.0 i•-• . „. "lm it As- -.. it'll -.-- -4..-o • verj u.sefui \ ~4. 1 • yfrl)%- Y. - •••••:`--1,..' •=ll I ~'.:‘ , RUTLAND '') i la,', / '' .. • '.... ..1 ---- Z, vitft S'• .7% 11/ % e • # . , . .....4"- ... . . k L .MX H . Belv o 1 r . 1,//i 0• 1,, 4 t :_z_f...- r.r./..---- 454; . ..—...—... ..),,.. .. ,•V't• •ilh j ' 11l 1 * I• 4 1 ." A p .-• '4; 7 -- 4.... ;A, / ------- , -.. . ' .-- ~ e 4'i •"g / - - /..-- / .4, ', A - •'. -•.. '' ' . , -4:p :_ ~ , • . -I'4 t , ' -", ~. 4,", . '''..s; . . .--"... i • t "c `1„, '4, A • • / :.q• :- " :.:'' "4". ( ,/ •-•- •. • • ../"S' 11 b. .• . •,, „..,-1 A ' .. -?' '. -.'"•-:. . . ../ .1' 1/1 . 1 1,2--r'-•-1.1 ••• : ' ''. . ' ,•'"•"/-, ,-;', ' /4,/ ..7" ... 40 ... .'?_'''- • • . : :''. ' : : 1 ' .., .-- i-• '.. . ' -. . I ..".45-;""'Z.:' .... ..--. '---:.:... --...... .... m„,....... , - _._...teh.c ....,, ....), '..... a. a .4.: ..... FoR . -.-, .4.... • '...e• 7-. z •''' : • - • - • y If

, } 1 RISH LINEN MBRI RISH LINEN RISH LINEN IRISH CAC ' POCIiET HANDKERCHIEFS , Guarandi i all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully emlbrbidered by the Xrish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. t ' IRIII4'LINEN COLLARS. , , RISH ;LINEN , t, Gents' 4-fold all Pure 2 "nen Collars 4/11 per dozen; Made special to pattern, 8/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Attings, 3/9, 4/95/9, and 6/9 each. FISH RISH LINEN NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/8 per dozen. .DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. , A •--IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2' yds. sqUare,„ 2/11 ear. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, qd. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND 1 :RISH LINEN RVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED, allP Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, tyle. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. MISH LINEN PATTER and sure NS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON 41 CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

A • PILLS• AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 7ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bce. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for • CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, seco.

9 ?fr ( 4 4 , A' SOOTHI G PO tDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST,WALWORTH, SURREV is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

I

trIVC,IC6I

6 4 THE FIRST DOSE RE. ,L. I EVES'`.7:4,4l,' ' I - is THE ONLY PERMANENT CURE FOR GO UT AN Itl RHEUMATISM '1 From JAMES ROBERTS, Esq., Surgeon, M.R.C.S., L.S.A. ' i MELTON MOVVBRAY, May *lt, 75W. .• •',- Dear Srrs'—/ shall feel obligeo d you will send me another supply of "ZODIL." t'il , ' !have found It very useful in several cases of Rheumatic Gout, and shall be glad to ' -1 cootrous to use tt. Yours truly, JAMES ROBERTS. Sold by all Chemists & Store./ i 9 & '/6. ~ AND FROM' ZODIL WORKS. NOTTOAHAM#S: -VAN D ~ /‘kt_ snv r3\?ii-P',lt-ct' • -f RtetkirtiiiMk4tup SOFFIrEI„,S°AP r 0:: 1 '+'.47-g• .4. ~. , st .-lci ~• v 1 ~ p Fil , , : . . • ; ...;t4lis ''—.-"7". . oi•mstrA.... x ...e....., .., _ -/ ..sPf—. ...i . ' -4174' 414 UUSEHO REVISNI-74111W4 ''-'7: \V levArr 4, OR 11(At S°co. 0 °NI V-?' For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. kial particulars on each Wrapper.

p

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' 841 PILLS is war- ll A D'.A. it E FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALEi.I •MIXTURE. ranted to cure all discharges from the urinary Organs 1 The most powerful and effective on (girth. For the most in'elther sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain,, obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price In the back. Gearanteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, I7s 641 (Strong.st lls bottle). Post free 6d extra. 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors HERBAL INSTITUTE, IA, HACKNEY-ROAD, throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps (facing Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.B. by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG , Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars ancl COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SON I 1 proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is not London, and all the Wholesale Houses, genuine, rind they can be seen at any time.

The 't ~..clicolioni. Noble 11i‘.., mali i Ilea . ie 1T STLINI E S . NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, , at less than Half Ordinary Prices. ..,....r ,A.,. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab; they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 1.4:10/43 each, packed in leather board box, and -Th 1'../ sent carriage paid for 9d, extra, and in the making of them there are el Over SOO Workers Employed. P• /II ,(•, • , The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the f . world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a /II: '\`. - o , if complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. Each _garment consists of improved wide Skirt slid new smartly ~ A. •\, --, shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed odd! that terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, ‘,ik /.. - and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming ..-ls 1611848 -A- LADY'S COMPLETEIO/8 COSTUME-FOR,_ fi,,,':, , . • 4) 4,,,a.44 ' - -....... . N. . ' The Present Design slants all previous ones in every ' . 'ti,' / ' , respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the make and to, ' finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the . already mavellons value of these Costumes, which have secured An ,e 1 #1."; enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised . world. hach Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. ti . 1 , \,\ extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round 0..1...4 the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order I/ ‘t. ,l', ll '.':-. • at a cost of 1/6 extra. h • , LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable / Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as r - ' . follows; Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/8 ; Costume 4/, V --- - . 11l Skirts..trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7/8; - '// Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 8/8. A , • Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra, -- Colours as above. -- KNOCKABOUT- FROCKS fort Oirisl76, Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot 1 Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 5.,g,., with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each.; L.h.a. Postage 41d. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt 4; in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEV!OT SERGE (RECD.) is a fabric of great durability and world-wide fame. It is 52 inches wide, ...) does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, 7/43 lleieela, Ruby, Grey, Omb, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/8. Sent carriage paid for ed. extra. .-- - 64r.- PATTERNS, also Illustrated. "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies and Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD., T hit! Ipliri eaerae tame , MANCHESTER.

THE GREAT REMEDY. G.ir Ar 4 . pimms FoR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

LADIES! , DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused or long standing, no nauseous pills, powders, mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine te take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free or charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London I;is DWIPT GOLD MEDAL I If RUMS: KNITTER )(Nit, Stockings ribbeclerplain S GLOVES and CLOTHING In WOOL, SILK. or COTTON. INSTIZUC- ,TIOS FREE. Lhts free per po..t. • • TRIUMPHANT AWARD or emus.- The only • WINNER in the WORLIo of 7 GOLD MEDALS audl9otber Honour.. HARRISON KNITTING MA' MINE Co. Ltd. Works r 48, 'Upper Brook St., KlLliebestor.

PIIEB.E ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS. DR. PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS ANr; RELIABLE. If you are troubled with indigestion, Wind, or Sher- nese, DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLAFTER, the most Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Shia Iche, Rheumatism. Lumbago, Sciatica; in it, the very worst Aches or Pains. IHEY ACT LIRE MAGIC. Ar- grateful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T 11E3ITLTE. TRY TIM WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for sid. by the Proprietors. LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS RUNCORN—Mr. 3. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. BAHLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICH—Mr. C. M. Blades, Chemist.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. mow MODERATE. H WREST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWV, TRAIN-ED NRSBS. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD.

SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. M 'MOO ANTS, WARRING FON.

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenn Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

With Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton. POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan. Hours of J Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open cn Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 245 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp,

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Wiuwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale,,, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham. Chester, (ewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland Mid Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales ,Preston.St.Helens. Southport. and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Mak erfield, Earlestown, Golborne. Lowton & Win wick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AN!) WALL LETTER 110 XEP ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS '

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earles- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm ..... Manchester, S.•tiast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- ' kirk, Widnes, Bc Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties ,k South Wales Preston, North Lancashb' 0. New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, Midi-did, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire.. Croft, Padgate. Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 5 - Eastern Counties

TEETH. TEETH. T"TH.:O4, rEETII. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the ILr,i, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. ~..!' 1 TEETH. publie may rest assured that these m _..„.„l.`fiel. ents are based on ABSOLUTE TEill ' tee of this f'6) TEETH. landntenTrhngappsatitehne b patients best gtharr.ral. pmaos. SON has one of Largest Dental Practio"l' TEETH. in England, the outcome of employ.% 1 1 the BEST LABOUR. using the 13-I°"The 1 TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging '— LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. ,1110 [ Any set made, or work done by him. not giving ABSOLUTE TEETH. SA.TISFACTION '" 1 JL very detail will be immediat.ly correi TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made e FEE CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions Insure the public's 08611- l faction and recommendation. exemplified 7 TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for PollelA; du log one year. only directly and indireem. -2- 1 TEETH. tmhernmdigaititotnheof voluntary persuasion i,nz r7ny 1wv,,r.,..,. or all of thee, patients' names and addreeere' T5..........11. for reference, will be given te any would-be 1 r ~,, patient personally applying for them. Thele. 1. rnETR. with thousands in the past, each rietrnr mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. r ' TEETH. Parkinson's success. nt 1 His unusually large dental establishrnee , . 1 TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients Itg te NOV DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOS /2 .a._ FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 0 , TEETH. and 2to 6. L ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTIO34B' TEETH. Ac., /is hitherto, by the aid of his own 107, LIQUID NITROWS OXIDE, of which e.g. . . ' TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists ne6,4. TEETH. 1 0,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, ' fore. In this speciality also the benefit of " experience. —. TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETII. Dentist by Examination. MANCRESTFit, a, moil:NY-v.IIW National Telephone, No. 1660.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREIET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mess, 2 to s.f?'tn. wARRING`(ON ON WEDNERDAYS, 3. S..nkey-street. • (Side ent ance, first floor) 2...t0 5 p.m• raINCOEN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. iluakes',Confectioner Bridge-al rest, from Ito 5. NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at 13, npoemarket-street' L" 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito 5 p.m.

MA RKE TS. WARRINGTON MARKET.--WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18,1 t FRUIT, VIiGi.:TARLB. POULTRY, BUTCHBRV.A" FISHMONGERS' TA.BLB. . d. s. d. s. d. is. d• a Beef, Hug. .V Th 0 sto 0 9 Melons each ... 0 6 °0 1 Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 Oranges, each 0 0 ---,, 3 Mutton ~0 6 --- 0 10 Celery ts' stick 0 2 ' 3 Veal „ ~ 0 0 Pori + „ „ - 0 1 Pork sides -n" cured - 0 Whole pigs„ ec 7 6-7 9 titicurniaers each 0 0 - ' 1 Geese ..0 0 --0 10 Catobagea each 0 2 g a pow's sr couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes r fls 0 6 Q -- Chickens Ducks ~6 0 u -- 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 -1- n 2 Rabbits o Hares, each -0 0 Asparagus tt 1000 0— 6 Pigeons „ Parridge brace 3 6-0 0 New potatoes „ 0 0 ....'d 0 Grouse „ Pheasants -8 0 Green Pens Vti 0 0 0 —0 Turkey 1 0 --1 2 Green Fprouts lb 0 3 n 0 Butter, fresh 0, 1 2 1 3 Dana, kidney tis 0 0— 6 0 Hen ecgs 7& 8 1 0- 0 0 Pomeg zanatf.,s...o 1-- n 6 Duck „ -0 0 Walnuts „ - ," 0 Apples I?, --. 0 3 Lemons „ ...... 0 1-0 ' ' 0 Onions „ Grapes „ Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 „ good 0 4 Greengages `lit. 0 0— 0 0 „ ordinary 3oo— o 0 Cherries .. ...... 00— 0 n Lo,ster lo tr. - 0 Stray. bPrries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Dlrri9qns „„00 0 0 Salmon ~ - g 6 Pitims „ 6 , Gooseberries „ 0 o—o 0 Flukoi „ Raspberries ~0 0— 0 0 Eels „ " . ... Black Currants 0 o—o 0 Soles .. „ _ 1 a Bed Currants 0 0— 0 0 Spariings Marrows each 0 o—o 0 Codfish , .. 0 6 Seakale s. it 0 0— 0 0 Mackerel each 0 •-' 0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 0— 0 0 Herring r dozen 1 0

BIRTH. v BOWYER —January 3. at 11, Upper Church-st.,orges.rio.toe, wife- of the late Joseph Bowyer, Cuedley 'Nye Widnes, of a so-s. MARRIAGES. h Vi4t- GRITNDY—HowARD—January sth. at the Parish Churc .spen rlngton, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, John Grundy 0 Howard. WsChurCjSbto,7 DAVIES—RoBERTS -January nth. at Wycliffe rington, by the Rey. John Tongs, Rev. J. Davies' to Nellie Roberts, Warrington. DEATHS. Ago" -- lICGRANE—January 3, at Collin-st., McGrane. aged 9 months. BERRY January 4, at Lairs-st. g Warrin John aged 4 months. ob CROSS -January 5. at Corporatlon-st..."V7'ararriringtltE:"°:'l3B:ll: Cross, aged 65 years. AS o°l Lim—January 5, at Rose and Crown-st., Warrlogtoll' Lee, aged 2 years. Or Smith. SMlTH—January 6, at Barry-et L tell f d Thorns's aged 65 years. „ gostio°ll BROBBlN—January 9. at Bissell•st., Warrlngto-, Brobbin, ged 77 Years. rattelie RlMMER—Jannary Bth, at her residence. 23. V7ll,3,?„riiner, ° street, Phcebe Wade, widow of Ed w ard Woodside, aged 74 years. (No cards). MEMORIAL CARDS Just received received a large Stock of LATEST MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect sautPle%op 10; printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Win" Ist Handbills, Bill Heads, Ac, Newest o'o an Machinery. JOHN S. I_TIMEN' THE BOROUGH PRESS, ~. • 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOr
