===== 0002601_18950316_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I Ana

inutatton.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M. PROFESSOR beetE or SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION on the naliah and Italian methods.—Terms, 10. BOLD-STREET, "RIR - ()TON,

• 14ADIEs, BOARDING SCHOOL, BROOKLYN, Oreenbank Drive, Sefton Park, Liverpool, Resident Alc.ll Governess. Proles ors. Weekly Boarders from

THRE GRAND SNIPS overnight, weekly Is. 6d. ; .1 grand results.—Send at once to S. JAMES, 15, Alma-st., West Hartlepool.

1.0 10.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
;LSBACII SYSTEM

P

reANDESCENT GAS LIGLIT. ynrat. WELSBACH S

INCAIV.DESCENT GAS LIGHT,_ wELSBAcH SYSIIOI.

AVEs 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

84"."8 50 PERCENT. IN GAS.

TUE MOS.!! PERFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EIGHTH THE COST. SIX VALID REASONS For its Adoption. 2. saves half your gas bill. a, It itites you treble the present light. 4. t T 13.1/1 be attached to existing gas fittings. 6. hellgh is clean, cool, steady, and brilliant. ,t does away with the impurities of gas. " Pleasant, simple, and economical.

xtriet from the Report of Prof. CARLTON LAI4IBRICT, M.A., F.R.A.S. "Th . efaNeriet• nelsbr Light' ffisetneaarsly osreaviennartyimgesasELs r I.3tigaer:a.!".ld Manorenatthian! fours times as efficient as an

Profeseor'MAXPULLER writes rtorhani Gardens, Oxford, Februaryilo, 1894. ing" fe,,Sor Max Muller has much pleasure in stat- enou Ands one Ineand. seem Burner gives quiregct—ught in his library where he formerly re- lew 'nuree burners, and if the pressure of gas wat Rive „15nspas well. In hi, drawing-room two burners ag tsPlendid light He has also an Incandesoent ilt;0 the hall, which is most satisfactory. His Wag R, `4Bt cltlarter. i , with these four burners n use, thou 2s. less than the same quarter last year, Rh the price of gas is higher."

FOR rtibUIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS, -°IIILS. OFFICES, and PUBLIC BUILDINGS. l'ri°es and lull particulars on application to the following Agents. WARRINGTON e4LI)VVRLLS, LIMITED, 60, Horsemarket-street. EARLESTOWAI a Mrs. E. NEEDHAM, ST. HELENS ; 31' 4. BROOK, Wolverhampton House. RUNCORN: R. BRANCH, 104, Oreenway-road. WIDNES a BRANCH, Cent FITS OR EPILEPSY. Iv GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. 1114,„,(4411 defernonstrate to the whole (world e." 47,r_to Considered how that ai Incurable C itt bseerm iTILEPYP, which ;L permanently cured oblipllt the chance of f,,ilure). Write with full hope and to the "Secretary." Burwood House, Burwpo‘,l, ,41.11„!,gliblYde Park, London lie will send you, " Orate. for cure, and advice on diet. URS. URS. FURS. illovilUDSON'S BAY HOUSE FURRIERS, —4°RO-STRBET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. .„,ttrg.4 titil:t°, having been meat fortunate in parchasing a fiTe, ,;31.-"Entllent ef skins considerably below the market "dettake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- SEALSKIN JACKETS iftrts44cBitnost Perfect i styles at ry rriin"oWcornm veewest and rnostYashion- tu. ete with tie moderate prices. Our for ter Sealskin Jackets and Lir and Sacrnniecintiowakist, Bears, Sables, Skunks,

Hotel.

IiOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXPORD ST BELT ALL SAINTS', MARRO WFAT PEAS, MEAL AND OAT KS.

INDIAN MEAL.

OATMEAL SEEDS. tk AMERICAN LINDSEED AND teORTICATED COTTON CAKES. LrYPTIAN UNDECORTICATED COTTON CAKE. 4441411"11711sgrD&PEN.Cl, DM& -LARE, LIVERPOOL ALWAYS, KEEP IT 'HANDY, QUINT'S MORELLA

CHERRY BRANDY, ,klas .rw,„443;•11 ever tasted this delicious liquenr. which is made 4112055 s sent Morellos? 8146terS2Arliall'S%UALItTY for foxr:ree7seert litre open air. Ask fo, tattivr ,StLD EIIIWYWII It • _t be eputßoffEwitle inferior make ("t1:14 •17D SOS, MAIDSTONE.

Contrat t.

TzLzeßcutz 668.

PLANT NOW. SPRING FLOWERS

EVERY GARDEN, TOWN OR COUNTRY.

THE PICK OF HOLLAND. CARRIAGE FREE.

STOCK nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the best sorts. the best bulbs, and cheaper than suction sales or direct import from so-called growers in Holland. HYACINTHS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant colours, 10s. per 100. is. 64. per dozen. HYACINTHS.—Regal named sorts for pots and glasses, 35., 4e., 65.. es., per dozen. 100 in /7 varieties for 17s. 64. or 21s. TULlPS.—Rainbow mixture of bright colours for beds, dtc.. Ss. and 6s. per 100 Splendid named sorts 3s. to Bs. per 140. CROCUS, large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours, for beds, ribbons, &c., Is. 64. to 3s. per 1001; las. 6d. to 255. per 1000. DAFFODILS, splendid selection of the very best, for pots and borders, from 64. per dozen and 2a.64. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIBERICA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf. brilliant blue, exquisite far beds, &c., 3s. per 103; 2s. p.r low SNOWDROPS, An. itionee,Ranunculus, Polyanttrus, Narcissus, Li ties, Fresslas, Iris, &c.

For full particulars please cous.lt our Illustrateii List, poet free.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS,

/IDLE IMPORTERS AND GROWERS, BASNETT-STREET. LIVERPOOL

"ZTATHOTNRAgIiT 351- .HE T. B. CARD WELL, - PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH,

reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made ter the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded ia produeing an English Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILYER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled In Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five yortris cart be had at

CARD WELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18 carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from CT 10s.

REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE,

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- _L TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO CANADA. CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LowisT RATES at 4-L, THE EAAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOUIST WALKER AND 00, AGENTS.

DR. FOX s COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR

COUGHS, c6iffs, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not eontain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safetp by old and young. D. COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE BADE, 1 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tins Is II each. Post free from bbe Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or .Pastal Order.

tymet,

it.em.

iys6,.—.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNB is admitt-d by the Profession to be the most wanderial aid valuable remedy ever die- furrered.

CHLORODYNE is the bet remedy known for Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. rIIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k_./ those too often fatal diseas,s.—Dlphtheria,Fever,Croup,

iHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific In cholera and Dysentry. CIHLORODYNE effectual cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria. Palpitation. ant Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the onl v palliative in Neural- ea. Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, ha.

_ From Dr. B, J. BOULTON and Co.. Horncastle. We have made pretty exten.9lYe use of Chlorodyne in out practiee lately, and look upon it aS an excellent direct Seda tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain cud irrita. Can in whatever organ, and front whatever cause. It induce, a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainatle by any °the, remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over al otherliedatiyes ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physician. that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man ilia, to the effect that Cholera bad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CRLORODiNE," —See Lancet, let December, 1864, OAUTION.—BEWARE UP PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor ttu• W. PAGE Wont) stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly. the inventor of I.•oELORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, wita deliberately untrue, whim he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles* Is. lid., 2s 9d., and 41. 6d. None ir genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BffOWINE': CHLORODYNII " on the Government Stamp, Overwhelm lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. BOLE MANUFAcTIJnEits.—T. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-et, Bloomsbury, London.

For instance Mr. Worsley has several Houstis OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O, £s.', £lOO, all at the lowest cash priee, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BARGAINS AT VirORSLEY'd.---DRAWING. ROOM SUITE complete, solid vralnut, cost £4O, price tbr quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s. credit. with Gibinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, ac. Heavy Dining-room Suite, comolete, in MahoganY, uphol- stered in Ottoman Cloth. cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll. 10s. with Side Boaro, Dining Table, Orermantle, and add Vase to match ; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug.

magnificent Bedroom L'ulta s Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre th..or, wings for hanging, Dressing Tab/e, Wash- stand. Three chairs and flail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Cuqains, Mat- tress, &c., all to rnatua. ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :--ComDlete House of Furniture mainly sec ind-hand, for £2O cash; £22 if ley deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs aad four single ch drs, dining table, mahogany s deboard, Persian 0 rpet and hearthrug, brass tender, brass tire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table fender and fireirons, hearthrtig• oileloth, Ice. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, tolster and two pillows, catvet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, brass rods, &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the lllo+ll, compact, convenient ,ntever offered. Other lots. £25, £3O. £35, £4O, and £5O, mcially cheap; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved.

WOIISLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTZIORN.

MANCHESTER. Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS, LADIES' Calf Goloshed Walking BOOTS and SHOES in all STYLE, and FITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S COURT SHOES. LADIES' and GIRLS' EVENING SHOES, LADIES' GAITERS In Black, Navy, Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11 Any Colour sent post frse, 1111. Guaranteed to Fit. Send Size of Boot. UNDER. THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.? GREY HAIRS TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. HAIR COMBINGS 1. rv-r oz. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, I 2s. I SCALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEhCE-STRE ET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT. 57, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and elate Glass Insurance Co.s. owest Current Rates, Prompt and Litosral Settlements.

R. CLAMP & SON,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1/ottlo.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMBES trout LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 168. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 95. 6d. 39, AND 41 DALE STREET. 12 LORD STREET, AND PARKEn STREET, LIVERPOOL.

V,OCEE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

- • _ HOOPING COUGH The celebrated erectual HOOPING COUGH cure without inter HOOFING COUGH medicine.

-- FTOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole Whole-

BRONCHITIS UOUP

- sale agents : W. EDWAIMS AND t.olf. 157, Queen Victoria :-treet, London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a mernh-r of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a RBMEDY, whioh during an extensive practice, both at home and 4 In the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most 013STINATR CANS of oBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITI F,S. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and meney on useless Pills and so ealled Remedies, &e., which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but PER- OATIVLS. and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS. ot hie Rouse, 9, link in e Street,

.. Tim WARRINGTON SLATE Ca. LD ' HINORIVLO AND PENRHYN SLATE MEROHANTE. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE lIUXION LIME FIRMS CO., L. AGENTS FOR . ACEERS. WHITLEY 8 CO., LD., EICKERSHAIV COLLIERIES. READ OPFICh : Arpley Station, Warrington. 1 COAL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 13. Arpiey, AriAey, Batik Quay TnLANdreso. Marion-street, Runoorn. Garston„ Arpiey. warrinouip. Mold dn.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and .„..9-RNERAL COMMISRION

AGINT,

39. GLADSTONE STithET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. 'ipe,ollll Arrangements, t.e. tor the Collection of wholesale ACCOUNTS.

If FERRNON and RATHS of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern rate Glass Insurance Co.

EDugs's DANi)BLION C OFF Es—

- The beet Rad cheeped ever offered to the Publto. nreloart and Elpsegiete, In Osnister fainnialiflOClo4l., end t, It esch.l4,-. t ty J. Grab= 6 doz. Wereheaten.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA AND GENERAL WEAKNESS.

18, PRESCOTT-STREET, OFF CLOWES-STREE'r, wElsr GORTON, MANCHESTER, DECEMBER 7m, 1894. DEAR Sra,—l beg to testify to the value of GWILYM EY&NS' QUININE BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I left my work—l commenced my illness by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was called in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I sufftred for over a week of the pains in my head, and the doctor's medicine did mono good, till at last the mistress of this house (I am in lodgings here) fell ill with the same symptoms of illness till her husband advised us to try a bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. lid. bottle, and I may tell you the first &se gave us relief. After this we got a 28. 9d. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I should have lost no work, and I owe my recovery to the bene- ficial virtues of your medicine, and I beg to tender te you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAGAR. GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, Scc., and are slow in recovering their accustomed strength and spirits. G W ILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or

_ Mercury. 2. It is a happy combination of Quinine with other

Medicines. 3. It is scientifically prepared. 4. It enjoys the confidence of eminent Medical Men. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by hundreds of testimonials from all parts of the world. oWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. bottles. Samples is. lid. size Wir See the name " Gwilym Evans" on stamp, label, and bottle. This is important, as there are numerous. imitations. PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS CO., LTD., LLANELLY, soura WALES.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THII, MAGISTRATES.

SENT

'an SON OF A LATE WARRINGTON ALDERMAN GAOL. At the Borough Police Court on Friday, before Alder- man Wright (chairman). Dr. Gornall, and Councillor H. Roberts, Richard Kean, 26, Leonard-st, and son of the lase Alderman Kean, was charged with having on *Thursday, March 7, assaulted and beaten his wife,Maria Rean.—Mrs. Kean, the complainant, a respectable look- ing person, stated that on Wednesday night defendant mane home about 12 o'clock, and on Thursday morning he oommenced to assault her. He broke the pictures in the house which were her property and not his. He had struck her daughter, and complainant had had no comfort with him for years. She had eight children and wished for a separation order.—Maud Kean, daughter of cormaainant Stated that the defendant kicked her mother on the arm and in trying to prevent him she was struck herself.— Defendant stated that his wife had emptied the contents of a teapot upon him and they had bad a scuffie.—P.C. Barlow said he apprehended the prisoner on Thursday evening about 5.30, and he was drunk then. Witness had also visited th 3 house of complainant and found all the pictures broken .—Defendant was nitimately sent to gaol for ene month's hard labour, and complainant was granted a separation order with ss. a week allowance, 'which she said she would be satisfied with. A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER UNDER SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, William Finch, 56, Pinner's Brow, was charged with having on the 3rd March been found on the enclosed premises of Messrs. Armitage and Rigby, Orford-street, for all unlawful purpose or with the intent to commit a felony.—Mr. Browne, solicitor, appeared to prosecute on behalf of Messrs. Armitage and Rigby and said that formerly the defendant was in the employ of the firm and left some years ago. Since Mr.llibbert had been the manager he had occasionally taken him on and since his discharge the man had persistently entered the premises of the works,over the railway and they were afraid something dangerous might occur. Some three weeks ago the manager met him on the premises and told him he would he locked up if he came again. Last Sunday, the watchman,Wileock, went to one of the boilers for the purpose of turning on steam and Ritmo the defendant on top of it. At the time there was 180 pounds steam pressure up and the man bad only to turn one tap to blow up the whole place The man was a nuisance and would persist in com- ing on the premises, and on another occasion he was caught there during a mealtime. Mr. Brovrne suggested that the defendant be bound over for judgment when called upon or remanded.—Alderman Harrison to defen- dant: Do you smoke? Defendant: Sometimes, but I don't carry matches.—Mr. Wilcock, fireman, in the employ of Messrs. Armitage and Rigby, said that at the time he found defendant on top of the boiler the latter said he had come to have a lie down. Witness had never found him interfering with the boilers at all. Defend- ant, bethought, came in over the railway.--11 r. Hibbert, the manager, after corroborating Mr. Browne, stated that he, on one occasion, met the defendant on the premises during a meal time and asked him what ha wanted. Defendant said that he wanted to see Wilcock, but witness had since found that Wilcock had nothing to do with the defendant and therefore the latter could not have wanted to see him. Witness had had complaints from the night-watchman about defendant and once the latter was found drying his clothes at the boiler as he had tumbled into a reservoir in getting over the wall.— ' Defendant owned to being on the premises, but denied that he was there to commit a felony or do any damage at all. When questioned as to how he got out of the reservoir which is sft. deep, defendant said he ought to be able to swim as he had been to the bottom many a time to open the pipes.—lle was remanded for a inonth and warned that if caught on the premises again he would be locked up.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FRlDLY,—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Conn- cillor Roberts and Dr. Gornall. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST • DRUNKEN MAN.—John Hunter, 30 King-st., was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Golborne-st.,at 9.15 on Thursday night,and also with assaulting Sarah Garvin, aged seven years, at the same time.—P.C. Hardy stated that he had received information from two wo- en that the defendant had been seen with the littk girl in question in Golborne-st., and on going thither, he found the defendant in a yard. Be there denied all knowledge of the girl. From in- quiries subsequently made, the officer found that the information he had received was correct.—The defend- ant was sent to gaol for fourteen cb.ys. CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—John Thomas Marsden, Pad- gate, was fined 3.0 i. including costs, on the charge of working a horse while in an unfit state on February 23. P.C. Bell and Inspector Luff proved the case. The horse, which was lame in both fore feet, was drawing a milk float, but was unfit for work. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor, Alderman Harrison, Messrs. F. Monks,and J. W. Hayward. UNLICENSED DOGS.—The following, persons were sum- marily dealt with for keeping dogs without a license : Frank Hares, Hollow Yard, Bank-st., labourer, 2s. 6d.; James Cottam, 75, Bewsey-road, carter, dismissed ; Thomas Stringer, 67, Bewsey-road, puddler, dismissed; Edward Hardman, 85, Bewsey-road, puddler, dis- missed ; John Birchall, 77, Pierplint-st. clogger, 55. ; Thomas Morris, 81, Pierpoint-st., shingler, dismissed; Arthur Wakefield, 112, Catherine-St., engine driver, dig- missed; Edward Wibberly, 183, Knutsford-road, milk dealer, dismissed ; Frederick Holmes, 24.7, Knutsford- road, labourer, dismissed ; William Kay, 125, Knutsford- road, grocer's assistant, dismissed ; Jonathan Weisby, 1, Miller-st., stonemason, dismissed; William Davies, 88, Knutsford-road, labourer, dismissed; William Shaw, 33, I Old Road, baker, dismissed ; Joseph Threddgold, 54, 1 Wilderspool Causeway, labotirer, dismissed ; Joseph Jackson. 30, Brick-st., furnace man' Ss.; Joseph Cross, 13, Sparling-st., wood turner, dismissed ; Thomas Stewart, 12, Admiral-St., labourer, dismissed ; Frank Broadhurst, 3, Dye Houses, Howley, tailor, ss. ; Joseph Eden, 29, Factory Lane, labourer, dismissed. DRUNIC AND DISORDERLY.—SaMIieI Aukland, stone- mason, 85, Wakefield-at., was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Guardian-st., on the sth March.—P.O. Corcoran proved the case and defendant was fined 33.6 d. A WARNING TO BOYS —Themas Knight, a youth, living at 2, Wa,kin-St., was charged with having on the Bth of March inst. in Warrington unlawfully discharged a cata- pult in the streets—P.C. Roper stated that at 8.15 on the day in question he saw the defendant discharge tiep stones across Win wick-road with a catapult. When questioned the boy gave the wrong address.—The Chief Constable thought if the magistrates inflicted a penalty of 40s. and costs it would have a deterrent effect, but he did not advise it in this case.—He was fined 4 6d. A 'Bus DRIVER FINED .—George Bromley, 87, Legh-st was charged with having on the 4th of March, be bein a licens,d driver, neglected to wear his badge 55 r quired by the bye-laws.—Tlie Bench, after impressin upon him the necessity of complying with the law i the matter, fined him 55. and costs (Us.) FIRING CHIMNEYS.—Annio Littlewood, 30, King-st.i, and William Watson, 17, ManchesteT-road, were each fined Is. for having their chinineys On 'fire oriltite and 4th of March respectively.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TtrESDAY.—Before Mr. Robert Garnett (in the chair), Mr. E. J. Guest and Dr. Gornall. ANOTHER ASSAULT ON THE POLICE.--WilliaM HE nry iForest, a naiddle-aged man, was charged with being an idle and disorderly person, and having been found begg- ng at eight o'clock tho previous night in Sankey-5t He was also charged with having assaulted Detective Monaghan and P.C. Roper while being brought to the Police Station.—Detective Monaghan stated that from information he received about eight o'clock the prdvious night, he went to Sankey-at., and saw the prisoner near to Messrs. Dutton's shop. There was also another man on the opposite side of the road. They were both drunk and begging. When anyone refused to give them any- thing they used bad language. On witness going to pri- soner he became very violent, and began to butt at him with his head. P.C. Roper came to his assistance. Pri- soner was very violent at the Police Station. He said he could do a bit of " purring." Witness thought he had come from Wigan. There were about eight of this class ot men in the town.—P.C. Roper gave corrobora- tive evidence.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 days +with hard labour. A DISORDERLY INMATE OF THE WORICHOUSE.—Edward Norman, an inmate of the Warrington Union Workhouse was charged with being drunk and disorderly at ten o'clock the previous night.—Prisoner pleaded guilty to being drunk.—Mr. Shearer prosecuted, and said the pri- soner bad been an inmate of the house for a long time. On the previous day he asked ts be allowed to go out and look for work. Permission Am granted. He did not return, howev,q., until ten o'clock,when he was very drunk. He obtained admission to the hall, and he was told that he must go into the receiving ward until next 'morning. He wanted his discharge, but was told that it was toe late to give himßiis discharge that night. He then became very disorderly, and a policeman was sent for and prisoner was locked up. Every time he was allowed to go out to look for work he returned in this condition.—Prisoner was committed to prison for 21

===== 0002601_18950316_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
days with bard labour.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. &aI:MD/LT.—Before Mr. 'F. J. Oillesr, (chairman). Mr. T. R. Pearson. Mr. R. VLone, Colonel J. L. Wool,z-nd

Mr. C. B. F. Borron. • A DISPUTE BETWEEN A LANDLADY AND FIER LODGER. —James Hughes was charged with assaulting Eliza Jane Ellam, 7 Golborne-street, Newton, on March lst.—Mr. H. J. Longton who prosecuted, said that the defendant had lodged with the complainant for some time but had left recently, at the time owing some money to his landlady. He went on the above date to fetch some things belonging to him, but she refused to let him go upstairs where his belongings were until he had paid her part of the money he owed her, some £3. The defend- I ant then became very abusive, and said he would go and take his clothes. The complainant, however, went to the bottom of the stairs, and refused to let him go up. The defendant then conwnenced to flourish his stick to frighten her,and in dieing so damaged a chest of drawers. fie also got hold of Mrs. Ellam by the shoulders, and knocked her head against the wall and otherwise abused her.—Evidence in support of Mr. Longton's statement was given by the complainant, and also Martha Ellam, her mother-in-law, who was present at the time the struggle took place.—Mr. R. Stuart,whe defended, said that the defendant was a lunatic attend- ant at Haydock Ledge, and would lose his situation if the present case were proved against him. He denied that there was any assault at all, but that there was simply a dispute respecting defendant's child, whom Mrs. Ellam wished to keep.—Evidence was given by Herbert Cliesters,the next door neighbour to Mrs.Ellam, in which he stated what he heard going on next door. He said that he could distinctly hear, through the wall, everything that was said. He denied that any assault took place.—The magistrates dismissed the case. SELLING DILUTED Rum Margaret Blundell, ' Newton, was charged with selling a pint ef rum which was 32 per cent, under proof, it only being allowed 25 per cent, under proof.—Detective Carleton said that he bought the rum at the defendant's house on February 14th, and then divided it, giving a portion to Mrs. Blun- dell, and submitting the remainder to the analyst. It was found to be 32 per cent, under proof.—William Frederick Park, a commercial traveller, said that he supplied Mrs. Blundell with the rum complained of. At the time she rece; ved it, fifteen months ago, it was only 22 per cent, under proof, and the difference between then and now must have been caused by evaporations. —Mr. Gillespie said that the bench considered that the rum had not been tampered with, but as it was under proof more than was allowed by law, they must inflict a penalty of 103. and costs. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—For drunkenness, James Bradwell, Golborne, was fined 23. 6d. and costs ; George Holland and John Jones, Haydock, 23. 6d. and costs. A NEGLIGENT DRIVER.—JaMeS Hope, Haydock, was fined 103. and costs for allowing his horse to stray away on February 28. P.C. Rawcliffe proved the case. AN ORSTRUCTIONIST.—Arthur Denn, Haydock, was fined 10s. and costs, for obstructing the free passage of Phipsley-lane, by allowing his pony to remain there from 4.35 to 5.10 on March 1. Doa OWNERt FlNED.—James Taylor, Golborne, was fined 3s. ed. upon this charge. ADULTERATED COFFEE.—James Fair, Haydock, was fined 10s. and costs tor selling to the prejudice of Super- intendent Brassington, on February Bth, a quarter of a pound of coffee not of the quality demanded by the purchaser. Mary O'Niel stated that she bouelit the coffee at the request of Superintendent Brassington:and then passed it to Sergeant Seat. The latter stated that the coffee contained 30 per cent, of chicory. The defen- dant said that he sold the coffee as it was supplied to him. tie never tampered with it at all. ADULTERATED GINOEII.—Mary Whitfield was charged with sellaig a quarter lb. of ginger, not of the quality demanded by the purchaser. Mary O'Niel gave similar evidence to the last case. Superintendent Brassington said that the ginger on being analysed contained 5 per cent. of spent ginger.—The defendant's son said that the ginger was sold just as it came from the wholesale dealers, and if any adulteration took place, it was before it came to the shop.—Mr. Gillespie said that the Bench could not do otherwise than fine the defendant 103. and costs, but they strongly devised him to sue the whole- sale dealers in the County Court.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDM—Before Mr. Thomas, Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. E. Imison.

NON-PAYMENT OE RATES.—A number of persons were summoned tor non-payment of rates. Orders were made for the amounts due to be paid within seven days. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for neglecting to send their children regularly to school. Mr. T. Bowyer, school attendance officer, prosecuted. William Marshall, Gilbert-street, Peter Stubbs, St.me-street, Jo.eph Basnett, High-street, John Bazley. Mill Brow, James Robinson, Surrey-street and John Preston, Gas-street. C2.-ELTE 'lO A floase.—Alexander Grice, Halton Lodge, Halton, farmer, was charged with having caused a horse to be worked tvlien unfit on February 27th and Arthur Giice was sum noned for workbag it when in an unfit state—Inspector Hicks stated that on ;ths 29th of last nnont., his attention was called to a grey gelding which had been put up at Wilson's Hotel stables. The horse see-ned he in great pain on the off-hind leg as it raised it or nine inches from the floor. When it was movtti abut, it limped and lv-pped. He examined the foot and saw that tho fetlock had been fi-ecl, and the disease oefaned of long standing.—PC. aVylio and P.C. Richardson gave evidence as to the lameness of the horse, stating that it was cruelty to Work the animal in the st it was when stopped. It was then drawing a milk cart.—Pispector Luff, R.S.P.C.A, spoke to visiting the defendan:s premises a few days afterwards, amid examining the horse. It was then unfit for work and winced continually with the pail:l.—For the defence the defendants called Mr. George Laneely, veterinary surgeon, Frod sham, who stated that on the 7th March he examined the horse in question. The animal had been fired and there was also a slight stiffness, which was owing to the contraction of the skin caused by the firing. But he did int consider the horse would be in pain when it was being worked. Ho would not have hesitated to work it if it had been his own horse. Each defendant was fined 53. and costs. A MAINTENANCE ORDER Quaeurn.—William Rushton, Subway-r)ad, Winnington, was summoned at the in- stance of his wife, Margaret Rushton, •for £7 12s. ar- rears, under an order made under the Married Women's Act, on June sth, 1893. Mr. Bancroft, solicitor, re- presented the defendant. The complainant having ad- mitted that there had been a renewal of co- habitation since the order was made Mr. Ban- croft applied for the discharge of the order, and quoted a case in point, showing that when co- habitation occurred after a separation, the order fell to the s,,rounci.—The magistrates discharged the order. Tali SEWED OF SEPARATED MlLK.—George and John Percival, Parkside Farm, Aston, were summoned to an- swer information laid by Albert Timmins, that on the 111th February they sold a pint of milk the state of which had been altered by being robbed of forts' per cent, of its crearn. Mr. F. A. Lake, solicitor, repre- sented the defendants. Mr. A. TirnmiS, inspector under the Food and Drugs Act, stated that on the 11th Feb- ruary, in company with his assistant Thomas Wright, he was in Alhert-st., Runcorn. He saw the defendant's cart and the man, Frederick Pearson, in charge of it, who was selling milk to a woman. Wit- ness went up to him and asked for a pint of new mils, to which he replied that it, was not new milk. He asked a woman who bad been served what she expected she was buyirig and she replied " milk." Pearson then told him that it was not that morning's milk, but witness told him that so long as it was pure it would do. He bought a pint for which he paid one penny. A portion of the milk sv:ts submitted to the county analyst, J: Carter 11-'l. who reported that it had been robbed of 40 per cent. Of i cream. The milk was sold in large quantities in Rd dcnrn and competed very unfairly with She vendors of pure milk. It was three parts skim milk and one part pure milk. The board which had new been fixed on the cart stated "cheap milk, guaranteed ten per cent. sotio„9."—Thorna3 Wright, assistant, corrobo. rated the last witness's statement.—Frederick Pearson gave evidence as to serving the inspector with the milk OD the 11th February. When he asked witness for it he told him that it was not new milk, it was cheap milk,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1895

2d. per quart. He also told him that it was Sunday's milk. Mr. Percival sent him a board to put on the cart the following morning, which stated that it was cheap milk. He also sold new milk, but he had none in his cart on the morning in question.—Mr. Lake said the de- fendants were not guilty if they disclosed the alteration made in the milk, to the purchaser. The first questien then was were any disclosures made by Pearson so the purchaser to the effect that the milk was not pure milk. In his evidence for the complainants he had stated that he had called attention to the fact that it was not pure milk. 'then the fact of selling the milk at one penny per pint was an indication that he was not selling an absolutely pure article. They did not dispute that the milk had had part of the cream abstracted. Mr. Perci- val had been ill and had not been able to exercise his I supervision, or the cart would not have been allowed to go out without having:the board on, announcing to the public that it was cheap milk. Charles Oakden stated that he went out with the milk cart prior to Mr. Pear- son doing so, and he always took the board with him.— Alice Shaw, 35, Lovrlasds-road,gave evidence as to hav- ing from the defendants. They had two kinds. She had noticed the board on the cart, and had bought both new and separated milk.—George Percival said he had three kinds of milk, pure, partially sepirated and skin' milk. The milk supplied to the inspector was partially separated milk and composed half separated and half pure milk. Skim milk was very inforior.—The Chairman (Mr. Norman) said the board was not on the cart on the day in question, and he would advise the defendants to have a board that would indicate to the public more clearly that they were buying separated milk. The defendants would be fined 103. and costs. PPOFANE LANGUAGE.—Margaret Rushton was fined 53. and costs for using profane languag,e in High-street on the 4th inst. P.C. Gregory and P.S. Gill proved the case. BEGGING BY CHILDREN.—EIIen Moran alias Oakes was summoned for having on the 3rd March at Runc.,rn, then having the custody of certain children viz. Eliza Ann, Margaret. Catherine, and Matilda, unlawfully did allow them to be in the public street for the purpose of begging, P.C. Richardson stated that he was in Regent-street on the date named when he saw the four children of the defendant begging. They stopped him and asked him for a copper. He went to the defendant's house at 2, Wilson's-row, and she told him that she had nothing to support the children with.—She was fined 53. and costs or 14 days imprisonment. She went to gaol and the children were taken to the workhouse. FOOTBALL IN THE STREETS.—John Calli.gan, Martin Calligan, John Garvey, Christopher Hagan, John Delaney, and Cornelius Buckley, whose ages ranged from 13 to 16, were all charged with playing at football in Brunswick-street on the 3rd inst. P.C. Williams proved the case, and each defendant was fined the costs. —William Price and Samuel Jones were similarly dealt with for playing at football in High-street. P.C. Wylie proved the charge.

denly punted over the line from almost half way. Bos- cow and Ashworth had a fine race side by side for pos- session, and the latter just managed to touch down. The goal kick by Midgeley proved a failure, and had no sooner been taken than the whistle blew for half time the Hornets then leading by a try to nil. Butterworth restarted the game, and the game was very even, each side attacking in turn. Warrington, however,gradually gained the mastery, and Burton was almost over after forcing his way through the Rochdale forwards. Butterworth tried to break away, but Boscow was too much for him. 'The game then proceeded with a very monotonous series of scrimmages and flying kicks, all in the home half, but score Warrington could not. The game was stopped, for a short time, owing to Heesom and Whiteman colliding, but the two players were able to proceed with the game afterwards. Immediately afterwards,Warrington had a narrow squeak. Midgelev, punting the ball, passed all the Warrington players, and. had almost regained possession under goal posts, when Moores racing at top speed, luckily and pluckily dropped on the ball just in the sick of time. This was about the best performance of the afternoon and Moores well deserved the applause he received. The remainder of the play was chiefly in the Hornets' favour, despite the desperate efforts of the visitors to equalise. Burton on one occasion just missed dropping a goal from half way. Heesom was also very dangerous on one occasion. The game was still a try to nil ha favour of the Hornets when the whistle blew, and the Hornets thus went up two in the league ladder. WARRINGTON " A " v. WIGAN "A.".—The Warring- ton"A" team visited Wigan on Saturday. The ground there was not in a condition for very good play as it was covered with thick greasy mud. 'The War- rington men kicked off and took the ball down the field but it was soon taken back close to the touch line by the Wigan team who were stopped just in time, and the performance was repeated at the Wigan touch line. Lawless kicked the ball down the field and Swift ob- tained possession and scored a try. The kick at goal was not successful. Half-time was then called and soon after resuming play, Bennett fell down with two or three other men on top of him, and on getting up it was found that his shoulder was put out. Warrington after this had to play one man short, but their oppon- ents gained no advantage through it. Carey got the ball and made a good run down the field, but being hard pressed he kicked the ball but it went too far over the full back's head and nothing was gained. A bout of good passing among some of the Warrington men gave Forster possession of the ball,and he scored a try. The kick for goal failed, and for a short time the play was kept in midfield, when the whistl - blew fur time, leav- ing ,l'arrington the victors by two tries to nil. Bennett was attended to on the ground by a doctor, who hap- pened to he present. The following were the teams : Warrington : Full back, Knight; three-quarters, Foster, Lawless, Moores, and Sankey ; half backs, Carey and Bennett ; forwards, Randalls, Swift, Andrews, Savage, Burrows. Makin, Sanders, and Barratt. Wigan : Fug back, Parr ; three-quarters, Curwen, Holden, Haselden and Rawlinson ; half backs,Gore and Ackers ; forwards, Turner, Peet, Bennison, Blackburn, Kearsley, Horrocks, Brown and Tefford.

WARRINGTON RANGERS V. LATCHFORD RANGERS. This match took place on the ground of the former on Saturday. In the first half Price scored for the homesters, who led at half time by one try to nil. In the second half the visitors played up better, and at the call of time the score was—Warriugten Rangers 4 tries (12 points) ; Latshford Rangers 1 goal (5 points),

===== 0002601_18950316_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY SCENE AT WAR-

RINGTON.

A scene of a most extraordinary, and for those not directly implicated a most laughable, nature was wit- nessed in Winwick-road and Dickenson-st., Warrington, on Wednesday. It appears, says the "Liverpool Daily Post," that a certain forgesnan had incurred the wrath of the neighbouring women on account of some alleged infelicity. Their wrath reached such a pitch that a score or so waylaid him on Wednesday afternoon on his return to the forge. Besides the women there were as many more children. Together there would be a crowd of some fifty persons. Some were armed with sticks, others with old tin cans, and one with a large tea tray. ; The object of their ire had apparently some hint of what was in store for him,for he took an unusual route to get to the forge. It was of no avail. His enemies ran him to earth in Win wick-road. Then the fun began. He ran and they ran, and as they ran they pelted him with floor, mud.and other refuse from the streets. Through Stamford-st, the strange cavalcade hurried past,women heralding the approach by beating tin cans and keeping up a continuous fusilade of banter at the object or their raillery, on which they likewise landed several hard knocks with tin cans and tea trays. This was kept up till the forge was reaclecl, and the man escaped from further molestation. Then the crowd turned its atten- tion to a di.dy who was also the object of their wrath, and marched in a compact body to Dickenson-street. Apparently they were not expected, as the leaders easily got into the house,the clamorous crowd remaining expectantly outside. They had not long to wait,for out the lady had to come, however unwillingly. The scenes csused the whole neighbourhood to be astir.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA.

It is not merely in our own little island that influenza is raging with imperial away, for both in Central and Northern Europe it is filling the hospitals and sickrooms, with the same disregard of social status that it is exhibiting in this Country. The districts along the shores of the Mediterranean, from the Pyrenees eastward, appear to be free of it ; but north of this line it is preva- lent ; even Switzerland, notwithstanding its peculiar geographical position and conformation, being a sufferer from the scourge. The informa- tion regarding the country distrilts of Germany, Austria, and France is not specific, but in the large towns of these countries the epidemic is general. We read of schools being closed, of the business of courts being suspended, and of garrisons being in- valided almost wholesale. From Switzerland, through Germany and Austria, along the shores of the Baltic, and into Russia itself, the epidemic has made its way, and not a single doctor in Europe seems to be able to throw the faintest light upon the causes of its progress. The scientific men can tell us nothing of its origin and dissemination; and the practical men can tell us nothing tor its cure except to go to bed and perspire.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA D RUN KA RDS.

A cry is being raised in America about the evil results ; of intemperance in tea-drinldaz. No longer (sacs the " New York Tribune ") may we speak of tea as the cup whigh cheers but not inebriates. It may, indeed, still cheer. It certainly does inebriate, with most deplorable effect, ranking as an intoxicant a good second to alcohol itself. To some, perhaps, the idea of a temperance crusade against the teapot will appear grotesque. Yet in all seriousnesstbaS very thing is urgently needed. According to statistics recently furnished to the'' Medi- cal News " by Dr. James Wood, of Brooklyn, of all the patients applying for treatment at the chief dispensary of that city, no less than 10 per cent, are tea-drunkards. They are not aware of the fact. No one asks to be cured of what we may eall teaomania. But the symptoms of their cases point unmistakably to over-indulgence in tea and that presumption, on inquiry, is confirmed by their confessions. They suffer fro.n headache, vertigo, in- somnia, palpitation of the heart, mental confusion, nightmare, nausea, hallucinations, morbid depression of spirits, and sometimes from suicidal impulses—surely a formidable list of symptoms. These patients are of both sexes and all ages, and confess drinking from a pint and a half to 15 pints of tea each day. Another interesting fact is that nearly one-third of them are of Irish birth. and it is safe to assume that of the nearly two-thirds of Amerioan birth a large proportion are of Irish parent- age. For in Ireland itself tea-poisoning has long been recognised as a widely prevalent evil contributing largely to the number of inmates of insane asylums ; and here, as most housekeepers know, the most inveterate and inordinate tea drinkers are the domestic servants of Irish origin. The evil of tea drink- ing is due, however, not only to the amount consumed, but also to the manner in which it is prepared. An unmeasured quantity of the leaves, says Dr. Wood, is thrown into the teapot, aria an unmeasured quantity of boiling water ad Jed. In any time from ten to 30 minutes this infusion is used. Then new leaves are thrown in with the old, which have been left to soak, aod more water is added, and so on. Sometimes leaves are thus kept soaking for a day or more. The result is , that the decoction is loaded, not only with them, but , with from 7to 17 per cent. ot tannin, and with other even more deleterious substances. This form of pre- paration is almost universal among kitchen servants, and among shop and factory girls, who also are great tea drinkers, and is too often practised among other people of small means, who do not wish to waste a single leaf so long as there is any "strength" in it. There is serious reason to believe that many cares of suicide and insanity are directly duo to tea poisoning, While the number of chronic invalids from the saroe cause in this city alone is to be reckoned .by thousands. It is high time for the evil te be recognised and checked.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

ORICKETERS should acquire the •• Pocket Diary and 44.-I Compassion" issued by the well-known Sports Manu- factures, George G. Bussey & Co., Peckham' London. All the information Cricketers require is found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d., postage Id. It you are not satisfied G. G. B. Sr Co. will return the price.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
HUG BY.

WARRINGTON V. WIGAN. The meeting of these two well-known Lancashire teams always arouses great interest in the towns concerned, as they have been keen rivals for a great number of years. Wigan have up t,) the present had a rather better record to boast of in their struggles with Warrington, but the games are always noted for the keen manner in which they are, fought. The first meeting of the clubs this season took place at Wigan, before the misdeeds of , Wigan were found out and before the club had to do 'time." Wigan were at that time confident that they would be the Lancashire champions,anci great was their chagin when they only made a draw of it with Warring- ton, this being their first check in the competition. How- ever Wigan's interest in the competition has greatly de- creased since then, but nevertheless a large number of their supporters came to Warrington on Saturday. The " gate" was one of the best of the season at Wilderspool as there were over 5,000 present. Mr. Williamson of Salford acted as referee, and the following is the list

of the players : Warrington : Boscow, full back; Barber, Burton, Heesom, and Massey, three quarters ; Bate and Hough- ton, half backs ; Turner Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Berry, Callaghan, Thorniley, and Bailey ; forwards Wigan Winstanley,full backs,Flowers,Jago,Walkden, and Roberts, three quarters ; Halliwell, and Mitchinson half backs ; Webster, Macnamara, Ainsworth, Rigby Prescott, Benson, Brown, and Derbyshire. Halliwell won the toss, and during the first half War- rington had to face a strong wind. Turner kicked off, and Jago securing, and dodging the Warrington inen,he almost passed Bascow the first minute. The full back however,just grassed him in time. From the subsequent scrimmage, Houghton, who it will be noticed played half back for Warrington for the first time, passed smartly to Barber, who, when looking dangerous was knocked into touch. Warrington further gained ground

by means of Bate and Massey, but the advantage was lost by offside play, and Flowers taking the free kick placed his side on the offensive, and Boscow had an anxious time of it. Several scrimmages took place on the home line, and from one Bate passed to Heesom. The latter's kick was charged down by Webster just on the line, hut Heesom and Burton just staved off the danger. The Warrington forwards then woke up considerably, and forced the Wiganers to beat a retreat. Another free kick was granted to them, but all the advantage was lost by Bailey being tackled off side, and play raged in midfield. Roberts mulled a return from Boscow miser- ably, and Thorniley, Dakin, and Taylor being to hand. they gained considerable ground, which was further supplemented by Burton, Jolley. and Turner, the latter's course being brought to an end by Mitchinson. The Wiganers again returned to the attack, and from a scrimmage under the posts,Halliwell passed to Walkden who unexpectedly dropped a neat goal, amid the loud plaudits of the Wigan section of the spectators. War- rington now played with renewed vigour, and despite the wind, they attacked strongly, Barber and Burton especially distinguishing themselves. The onslaught however, ended in nothing tangible, and the play fluctuated to the other end. Winstaaley made his mark in a very dangerous position, but did not take advantage cf it, kicking across the field, and placing his: forwards "on side," there was every prospect of another score being made, when Boscow stepped in and cleared his lines. Burton Low secured the ball, and by a fine run, took play to half-way, his final pass to Barber going wide. The play at this stage was of the most exciting char- acter, neither side having much advantage. Massey had now to lea re the field temporarily, owing to a slight injury, and Callaghan took his place at threequarter. He was soon tested, and repelled the Wiganers' attack in fine style. Wigan kept up pressure until half time, when they led by a dropped goal to nil. The game was restarted by Webster and Berry mulling the ball, Roberts was almost in, the first minute. The wind had now moderated considerably. Boscow having prevented disaster in the initial portion of the game, Barber, securei the ball and made a grand run to centre, where Fowers got possession. Burton, however refused to let him pat with it, and much amusement was caused by s race between the two in an oblique line across the field, Fowers in the direction of his goal line. Burton finally ran him into touch at the 25 flag. Bate I broke away ir an the line out, and with an almost clear field he preferred to pass to Massey who was promptly collared by Walkden and a capital chalice was lost. Houghton secured from the ensuing scrimmage, and kicking too far, a minor was conceded by Wigan. Turner's reply to the kick out again went over the line and another useless minor was conceded. Wigan now had a spell of attacking, but it was only temporary, and Boscow,Barber,Burton and Heesom sent them to the right-about, and up to the end of the game, Warrington were almost continually attacking. Scrim- mage after scrimmage took place on the line, but War- rington could score nothing but minors and hard lines. The rain now commenced to cotne down in torrents, and the last quarter of an hour's play was completely spoiled , by this means. The ground resembled a puddle,and the players could scarcely get a foodhold. The ball also became sodden. Good play was consequently out of the ' question, and although Warrington pinned their oppon- ents on the line, no score resulted. Heesom near the end , had a capital chance of dropping a goal or scoring a try for the ball was passed to him directly in front of the goal posts with no one to stop him. He tried the drop, and aloud shout arose when the ball appeared to have gone over the bar. The exultation came too soon, how- ever, for the ball sailed on one side, and only a minor came of it. This was Warrington's final chance of equal- ising, and soon afterwards the whistle blew, thus bring- ing., the game to an end with Wigan still leading by a dropped goal to nil. The game, until the rain earns on, was a most enjoyable one, from a spectator's point of view, as the play was of a very open character and rough play being conspicuous by its absence. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S v. PORT SUNLIGHT.—This return fixture took place on the Sunlight ground on Saturday, in miserable weather. Sunlight put the ball in motion, F. Hatnpson returned well to centre, and a rush by the Saints' forwards took play to the home lines. A smart round of passing started by Hampson, and taken part in by O'Brien and Rutter, called upon the homesters to defend, but they cleared, and a certain score was frustrated by Burrows. Eden accepted a pass nest the line and scored in the corner, which was not improved upon. At halt time Sunlight held the lead by one try to nil. After the opening exchanges the Saints pressed Sunlight on their lines. Sunlight cleared to centre, but were forced back, and a combined rush by the Saints' forwards resulted in Thomas scoring. Rough- ley landing a neat goal. Sunlight now had a turn, and the visitors' goal was menaced for a few minutes, but they could not force an opening. Another rush by the Saints' forwards saw O'Brien scoring under the posts, Roughley again doing the needful. Flay rested in the home territory up to the time when the whistle sounded, and St. Mary's were returned winners by two goals to Sunlight one try.

WARRINGTON v. ROCHDALE HORNETS. The return match between these two clubs was played at Rochdale on Tuesday. The match was originally fixed for January 26th, out had to be postponed on account of the frost. The weather on Tuesday was very dull, but fortunately 30 rain fell during the afternoon, as in that case, the Hornets ground would have been totally unfit to play upon. As it was, the blades of grass were very few and far between, and the field resembled a quagmire more than a tootball ground. However, the Warringtonians who journeyed to Rochdale were assured that it was splendid compared with the previous week. , If that be the case, the players must have indulged in mudlarking rather than football. There was not a very large number of spectators present—scarcely I,ooo—and with the exception o'f one or two youths, they were not very demonstrative. These youths expended their ex- huberant energy upon the boarding, which they kicked unmercifully. It would, however, be difficult to find a lot of spectators who used their lungs less than the " fellows from Rachda." They are a complete sontrast to the Wiganers for eximple. M. Schofield acted as referee in the match and the following were the players who represented the two clubs :—Warrington : Boscow, full back; Burton, fieesom, Moores and Evans, three-quarters; Bate and Houghton, half backs; Turner, Taylor, Callaghan, Bailey, Berry, Barrett, Saunders and Ttiorniley, forwards. Rochdale Hornets : Hill, full-back; Whiteman. Midgeley, Pigot and Uttley, three-quarters ; ()igen and Mason, half backs ' • Butterworth. Simpsen, Ashworth, P. Leach, A. Leach, Trevor, A. Pigot, and Mellerlew, forwards. It will be noticed thit Evans resumed his old position at three-quarters, for the first time since he was injured at the Stockport match He played very well during the opening stages of the match out a severe attack of influenza which he had suffered from a few weeks ago had left him rather weak, and he tired very much as the game progressed. Turnerkicked off and Uttley returned to half-way when the game was continued for a short time. At length Ashworth was awarded a free kick and following 'up well he sent the ball over the line but Boscow rushing up, managed to kick dead. Following the kick out, Bailey dribbled the ball to half-way, and another dribble, taken part in by Thorniley, Turner, Taylor and Callaghan 'gained further ground. Bate was now penalised for kicking out of scrimmage, and Midgeley taking a place kick, just missed landing a fine goal, the post being missed by a few inches, after this let off, Btirton was to the front with a fine dribble, and was knocked into touch when near the line. After ,a brief sport by the Hornets, Bate and Burton regained the lost ground, and considerable pressure was put on by Warrington. Nething tangible resulted, and the Hornets in their turn attacked but with alike barren result. Evans had hard lines in a drop at goal, only a minor resulting. It was only a minute now off half time, and everyone had made up their minds that the interval would arrive with a cltar sheet, when from a scrimmage, the ball was au&

===== 0002601_18950316_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AGAIN BEATEN BY HALIFAX.

Halifax, the Yorkshire cup holders visited the Irwell- lane enclosure, Runcorn, to play their return engage- ment on Saturday. Additional interest was centred in the match inasmuch as the home team have not yet been able to beat their opponents. When the two teams filed into the enclosure, it was found that they were composed as follows: Runcorn :—Houghton, full back; Gregory, Warder, West, and %V. Gayter, threequarter- backs ; Abrams and J. Faulkner, half backs; W. Faulk- ner, J. Langley, H. Farmer, F. Gayter, Lightfoot, Williams, Johnson and S. Walker, forwards. Halifax: —A. Chorley, full back; Firth, W. Chorley. Bottotnley, and 'Foothill, threequarter-backs ; Rigg and Arnold, half backs; Mellor, Wilson, Ripley, Dickenson, Knowles, Webster, Robertshaw, and Kitson, forwards. Houghton was successful in winning the toss, and elected to defend the east goal, which gave the Runcorn team the advan- tage of the wind. Webster commenced operations, Gregory making a good return, and quick following up by the home forwards enabled F. Gayter to charge Bot- tomley'a kick, causing the first pack to be formed in the Tykes' 25. Halifax were penalized, and Houghton took a free kick, but it came to naught, and Firth removed the danger to midfield. Beautiful passing between Abrams, J. Faulkner, Warder, West, and W. Gayter fol- lowed, the latter being held close to the line. On the ball becoming loose, it was kicked down the line, and an exciting race followed, Gregory smartly gathering the oval and rushing over. Warder took the place, but no goal accrued. From the drop out, more passing by the Runcornians followed, W. Faulkner, Warder, and Gre- gory participating in a movement which almost ended in the latter getting through, A. Chorley effecting a good tackle. They experienced the hardest of luck on two occasions. Exciting play now followed both teams play- ing; grandly. Firth got in several tricky runs,which caused the Runcornians to be pressed back until Abrams dribbled finely away from a scrimmage, and the venue was changed to the centre. Houghton was next en evid- ence with a judicious kick, and the visiting custodian was upset near his own line, through the quick follow- ing up of the borne forwards,and once more the visitors' citadel was subjected to a strong attack. The fine de- fensive play of Rigg, however, prevented disaster more than once. A free kick was granted to Runcorn for offside play by Arnold, and Warder, who took the shot, had the hardest of luck, the ball striking the uprights and rebounding the wrong side of the posts. Rigg raised the siege by snapping a Runcorn pass and got clear away, and a round of passing followed which seriously threatened the borne defence until W. Gayter stepped into the breach. The interval arrived with the score : Runcorn, one try ; Halifax, nil. W. Faulkner re-started and the opening was almost sensational, as Farmer rac- ing up, got possession, and passed to W. Gayter, who was only held just outside by Firth. Gradually Halifax eased the pressure, and fine kicking by their backs caused Houghton to be troubled. There was now little to choose between either team, and the game was of a ding-dong character, end to end visits following each other. After a lot of kicking, the ball was sent item the home line, and Johnson touched down but the referee ordered a five yards scrimmage and a quick pass from Rigg to Toothill enabled that player to drop a goal. From the restart the game underwent a great change, the Tykes who are old cup fighters, and having once got the lead, evidently from their tactics, meant to keep it, and they wasted a lot of time by kicking the ball out of play and keening it as tight as possible in the packs. As the game was approaching the close Runcorn made desper- ate efforts to rub off the odd point, and Abrams and W. Gayter were within an ace of scoring, the former mak- ing some grand attempts,whilst the for wards worked like Trojans, and at times fairly rushed the burly Yorkshire- men in some of the scrimmages, but it was all to no r ur- pose. ENID ax defended as desperately as Runcorn attacked. The game ended in a win for Halifax by one dropped goal (four points), to Runcorn, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_18950316_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

EARLESTOWN V. NORTH MEOLS LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE. —North Meals visited Earlestown to play off their first fixture in the Lancashire Alliance on Saturday after- noon. There was a very fair attendance of spectators. The visitors kicked ,Off down hill, and for a short time held a slight advantage, but Earlestown broke away and made a smart attack on the Meols goal. The defence, however, was 'pod, ..nd they were sent to the right about. Come loose play ensued which gave the visito.s an opening, but they l'Ailer i”.aprve on the advan- tage. Again Earleqown took up the attack, and some good passing in front of goal resulted in Alfred Clarke , notching the first point for the home team. Earlestown , now did all the pressing, and before half time was reached had added two more goals. On turning round the game resolved itself into a bombardment of the visitors' goal, but owing to the series of mistakes the Meals forwards were let in, and they succeeded in regis- tering their first and only goal. They, however, after- wards never got beyond the half way line, and the game ended in a win for Earlestown by 9 goals to 1.

To MeTHER9. —Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has Dees used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awnlres "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists, la. la. per bottle.—Advt.

A terrible lynching. affair is reported from Colorado. Nine PaHans a,,cused of murdering a sAloon keeper were taken from their custodians. and four of them, together with a boywho wa: driing them to gaol, were shot dead. Early on We.ties.lay morning a mob entered the gaol and killed two of the survivors.

The Executive of the Manufacturers' Federation in the hoot and shoe trade decided at a meeting on Wed- nesday to employ non-union men, conditionally upon their signing a declaration that they Co not belong to the union and will not during the strike contribute either to the union funds or to the support of the strike. A benefit society to which the employers will substanti- ally contribute and in which non-union men may participate, will be formed.

Scotts Rmulsion is not seerot compound. You know what you are getting when 1-or. buy it. It 1, far mote effec• tive than Plain Cod-liver Oil, because it is easy on Ills stomach and palatable. It gives real stweligth and fortifies the system against disease. (IL)

The first contingent of French trnops for Madagasca r left Paris on Wednesday amid loud cheers. •

A timber foreman named John Seviinua Foster mot a dreadful death in Barrow shipyard on Wednesday, a circular saw cut tiog almost through his body.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "OLD HOUSE IT HOME."

PROPOSED RE-BUILDING.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Thursday morning, before the Mayor (chairman), and Messrs. W. Pierpoint, J. Burgess, T. Birchall, J. H. Fleming, Col. Ridgway, and H. Roberts, NIL R. Davies, solicitor, appeared on behalf of Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co., and applied for the sanctioning of plans for the re-build- ing of the' Old House at Home," Friar's Green, which, he said, had been an old house ever since he could re- memember, and a public-house for about two or three years. It was a question of taking advantage of this opportunity of widening the turning from Friar's Gate into Friar's Green, and negotiations had proceeded for the purpose.of arranging if possible some plan for im- proving the corner. In the end Messrs. Greenall, Whit- ley and Co., who were the owners of the house, agreed for the purchase of the corner which was once covered with trees. The object had been instead of re-building the house upon the old site. Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co.,'would, to improve the corner, give a portion of this land and a portion of the land already licensed to. form part of the site. The point was, to give the street at the career 8 feet additional width. He said tho only building which would be effected by any possible nuis- ance in the matter was the Y.M.C.A., and Mr. Owen (the architect), had taken particular care that the liv- ing port of the house should be at the end where that Institution stood,and the business part of it at the other end, and he had taken great care not to interfere with any light that would come across the street, by making the new premises one storey high, so as to make as much light as possible in the warner and it was that building past which it was the in- tention of the Corporation to drive a new street across the old Bowling Green into Rylands-et. The Town Clerk : It is suggested. Mr. Davies : This would afford an opportunity by leaving plenty of room. The area is increased which the house would cover, but that was owing to the fact that part of the premises would only. be one storey high. He did not think any question would arise as to the fee'; -Is which the magistrates might have upon beerhouses. The Licensing Committee had no power over the house as it could be built on the present land without any interference from anyone. Mr. Owen would explain that there was give and take in the matter on each side. so as to effect the improvement, and he thought their Worships would see that every effort had been made to study the convenience of the eeig,rhbour- hood, and also to meet the wishes of the town. Mr. Davies then pointed out the different objects ma the plan and said the portion to be taken ever would increase the width of the street to 28 feet.and make the corner very convenient. Mr. Fleming : Is that extension to adjoin the house in Friars'-gate ? Mr. Owen: Yes, to come up to that point. The Town Clerk said the Corporation had agreed to purchase the land from Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., and it was suggested that they have a street frcm Rylands-st. to that point. Mr. Pierpoint said he understood that the land to be utilised as a street improvement was to be bought by the Corporation, and that Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. were giving nothing. The Town Clerk : Nothing. The Mayor would like to know what improvement upon the street would be effected. The Town Clerk It would widen the street Bft. Mr. Burgess: What does it taper down to. Mr. Owen: Five feet at one end and nothing at the other. The actual area thrown into the street is 33 square yards. Mr. Davies, in answer to Mr. Pierpoint, said the ques- tion had occurred to him that he must not represent as giving anything to the Corporation but at the same time the Company had had to pay out of their pockets what they would not have had to do if it had not been for allowing the Corporation that land, as part of it be- longed to the licensed premises. Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. were doing as much as they could and they wished the bench to understand that. Mr. Owen said the Corporation had fixed the 281 t. and the; had to work to it. It was stated that the old street was 21ft.wide and the new one would be 28ft. wide. The Bench then retired in consultation with the Magistrates' Clerk (Mr. H. B. White). Mr. Owen and Mr. Wynne Jones, and on their return the Mayor said that the decision was adjourned for a fortnight to give Mr. Wynne Jones time to confer with his colleagues.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON HIGHWAY BOARD.

A meeting of this Authority was held in Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, when the chair was occupied by Mr. James Houghton. There were also present, Messrs. Millington, H. Bate, and J. Bate, Ker- foot, Grounds, J. Clare, H. B. White (clerk), E. A. White (deputy-clerk), and Thompson (surveyor). HALTON'S BRIDGE IMPROVEMENT. _ .

The Suliv"o-a—r-ei;;;:t-ed- that the and Messrs. 11. Bate and Millington met at the above bridge ths previods day for the purpose of meeting Mr. J. T. Wood, and Mr. W. H. Arnott, two members of the Main Roads Committee, who had been invited to inspect the bridge. Neither gentlemen came however, but Mr. Arnett wrote stating his inability to attend, but offer- ing to place the views of the Board before the com- mittee. An offer had been made by the committee,which slightly altered the scheme, hut which would consider- ably reduce the cost.—lt was decided to accept the terms of the Main Reads Committee,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTENSION OF THE B0801:761i.

The CLERK read the folk 'in letter dated March 11 from the Local Government Board with reference to the proposed extension of the borough of Warrington: "Sir, —I am directed by the Local Government Board to state that they have under their consideration the represen- tation made by their inspector, Colonel Ducat, after his recent visit to Warrington, for the purpose of ascertain- ing and reporting to the Board the facts requisite to enable them to decide as to whether the representation of the Town Council in favour of the alteration of the boundary of the borough is one in regard to which a formal inquiry should be held, the Board have decided to direct a formal inquiry, to be held in the matter, and such inquiry will be opened at the Town Hall, Warring- ton, on Tuesday, April 2, at 10.30 a.m. I am to add that in making any arrangements that may be consi- dered desirable for the representation of their interests at the inquiry, the Warrington District Highway Board must understand that if it should be found imprac- ticable to conclude the inquiry in one day, it will be continued de die in diem, until its completion, and that the hours of the different sittings will be regulated by the inspector. C. A. CALTON."—It was decided to refer the letter to the Committee appointed to watch the Board's interest in the matter.

A. COMPLAINT FROM WINWICK. A letter was read from the Winwick Parish Council, calling the Board's attention to the state of Alder-lane, Winwick, and the footpath over Hall's fields, Orford, which were in a very bad condition.—The Board de- cided to repair the footpath and lane, subject to obtain- ing permission of the land owners.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH. OF DR. R. W. DALE

A USEFUL CAREER.

Dr. R. W. Dale, the eminent independent minister of Birmingham, died suddenly at his residence at about six on Wednesday evening. He had been ia a precarious condition for some days, suffering from complications affecting the kidneys and heart. Early yesterday a more favourable repert was made concerning him, and he appeared to have gained strength, promising a possible recovery for a short time. He died, however, quite suddenly from syncope. Dr. Dale (says " Men and Women of the Time ") was chairman of the Congregational Union of England and 1 Wales, 1868.69. For seven years he edited the " Con- gregationalist," and he is the author of " Discourses on Special Occasions," " Week-day Sermons," a " Life of the Rev. J. A. James," " Discourses on the Epistles to the Hebrews," "The Ten Commandments,' "The Ultimate Principle of Protestantism," "The Atonement : a series of lectures prepared at the request of the Con- gregational Union of England and Wales," which has been translated into French and German; "The Evangelical Revival," " Lectures on the Epistle to the Ephesians," , " A Manual of Congregational Principles," Laws of Christ for Common Liftl," " Impressions of Australia," and articles in the " British Quarterly, Nineteenth Cen- tury, Fortnightly, and Contemporary Review." He also edited a translation of " Reus on the Theology of the Apostolic Age." In 1877 he delivered, at Yale College, Connecticut, a series of lectures on " Preaching," being the first Englishman appointed to the Lyman Beecher Lectureship,and in the same year he receive' from Yale the degree of D.D. The lectures have since been pub- lished both in England and America. In 1883 he received from Glasgow the degree of L.L.D. He was formerly vice•chairman of the Birmingham School Board, and has been app9inted by the Senate of the University of London, governor of King-Ed ward Vl.'s School, Bir- mingham. In 1888 he was appointed a member of the Royal Commission on the Elementary Education Acts, and he signed the minority report. Dr. Dale took an active part in tho Nonconformist controversies and poli- tical movements. In the years following the introduc- tion of Mr. Gladstone's first Home Rule Bill, in 1886, he gave powerful support to the Unionist cause, and 1888 severed his connection with the Birmingham Liberal I Association.

Lard Salisbury and Mr. Balfour have arranged to eceive a deputation from the Miners' Federation of Great Britain on the subject of the Miners' Eight Hours Bin.

A large proportion of Scott's Hmulsion is taken by babies and growing children. If you have a thin, weak baby, or a child that shows emaciation, narrow chest and general weak- ness, you ought to give this great preparation a trial. You will surely see quick results. (11.)

===== 0002601_18950316_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEWIS REMEDIES.

-- The Editor of" Winter's Weekly " speaking of this remarkable cure for asthma says :—A friend of mine, who came to London from San Antonio, in Texas, a few weeks ago was completely prostrated • with asthma within ten days of arrival in England. For three days he was confined to his room and seemed to be really on the point of gasping out his life at any moment. I pro- cured one of the Lewis asthma exterminators and sent it to my afflicted friend with instructions how to Use . Within a quarter of an hour of the little spirit lawn,' which works it, being lighted, my friend was warmly wrapped up sitting beside the fire sipping a cup of tea and chatting and breathing as easily and comfortably as' I was. The wonder and astonishment expressed at tho. marvellous relief granted by the exterminator were equal on both sides. My friend was in ectasies, and in- sisted on taking the " Exterminator" back to Texas,: fearing that a winter's voyage across the Atlantic rei!gb.'. cause a relapse. It is said that seeing a thing glvee" absolute proof of truth. This case is proof-positive to me and it is, I consider, binding in Ins to oiVe tle bplle- fit of my experience to my reJders. 'Fite following is a. letter sent by a reader for publication :—I was Pleaghcip to See in your " WINTER'S WEEKLY" a notice of t " Lewis Nasal Itcrnedies." I have been a sufferer from asthma for years, last month during a very bad attack I tried the Lewis Asthma Powder and prepared wool, which completely relieved me, so much so that I have been free from asthma ever since, I think this ought to be made public in order that others who suffer may knoW of this very efficient remedy.—l am Madam, Yours faithfully, ONE WHO HAS SUFFERED.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Tis 48 fro v , be 11 f.OF .f r a ,t,,d

grout—. -, .rn,--1 It is warm approved when tried will be exchanged.

To be had of any respect able Ironmonger or Cutler Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/3. - Pair of Black hanale in a flat Cass 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Coe 13/6. Or poet free from the Manufacturers. , too A good Beehive Razor is supplied at I/2.1/6, 21- 0. and Cheques. SLATan BEd , Sheffield. TOWLE'S PENN YROY AL S.; Sfb- renall° A Females, quickly correct all irregularitieS, .0 nd pre , obstructions. a relieve the distressing sYngtcrlr lent with the six. Boxes 18. lid. and 2s, ---:078 sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stator a T. ToWLE, Chemist, Nottingh ,m.

„ 4, PeAherstoo..-h,ll ' . -4,,,,Z.:1,,„ -71kt,t • mad' -'-.. - ,„_____,(s •..,I, tli e flllll7l4%J'' • STY' -4. 'lnd by Sheffield work- -

===== 0002601_18950316_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
0" CASE OF ARMY ure MEDICINES contains sufficient to c Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal, tgor external), Price 4s. 6cl Single Bottles of W 715 2s. 2d. only H te of OPIT. , Operative fte Methuen).332, Deansgate, Manchester. .tariv .

===== 0002601_18950316_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
,Inoriqfget%*rt Olve

===== 0002601_18950316_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18950316_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WI 'B LRFUL

:1...1,44,, -7.-7-itiv,-.zJ- d. 0., ~..,,,„..,,,,,4.-..„.:;;;.t..,, ?:°.,A. .., . . I I, ".' ' . it'!i''. ::44,y,0t.: ~ '' •,* .....'4.7- I x,,,.., ; ri , • t ~.;,*, ',, ' • - :,;,4 ....• ", • /it ,;-- }.. ;7,4 s . • ~. ..,..,,. ~..... ..,.... ~,,,,tr.,., ~,.:,..... ~ • ..;7....,.. :r.,.','' 1!,',1! ' '* ' 4,101,,n1".'AP451'61,':',,;‘;'''. ,

4-te universiy admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness, and Swelling after alleals, Dizziness and DrowEiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and 4eL Nervous and Tre übling Sensations, Sze. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be 41lowledged to be

===== 0002601_18950316_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ORTH A GUI" EA BOX.

1: or Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There Ito °mu medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, •'lley Soon restore Females of all a:;,t3b to sound and robust health. This has been Proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. 1: or or a weak stomach,impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the th 41,1 machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health e 4 Whole physical energy of the human frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
' . aska.aVA 0.?;. M COUGH PILLS 4

for "UI Cold Winter comes on with a Frown." and persons suffering from Coughs and kindred troubles should relieve their minds of the idea that nothing will relieve them urless it be in the %ill 3f a lozenge, or taken as a liquid. Let them try Beecham's Cough Pills, and they will never regret it These pills are made from a formula differing entirely from that which guides the aitiPfacture of-Beecham's Pills (yellow label) but like them will be found reliable. On the first symptons of a Cold or Chill a timely dose of Beecham's Cough Pills will invariably ward off "ngerous features. For years many families have used no other Winter Medicine. 1. very householder and traveller should avail themselves of this good, safe, and simple remedy for 4018 in general, Asthma, '-'ronchial Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, &c. Each box bears a GREEN label.

PREPARED ONLY BY THOMAS BEECHAM And Sold by all Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes d. is. PA, and 2s. 9d each. THE is. Id. BOX CONTAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS.

St. Helens, Lancashire.

With full directions,

. . •

=

I

amwai...Atr

===== 0002601_18950316_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950316_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINE!?, SAI URDA V, MARCH 16, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
awa RREBMATIM cuTs BRuIsES:

~. w7rre Yt ~ '''Z.'• *,:k'.. .' k r: 14 rt 74 i , 1 . , . N .

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &c. The. Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c.

Manufactured only at. 78, NEW OXFORD STREET. LONDON.

"HERE'S YOUR HEALTH."

in BIZOOICH, BONDS' strong, rick Tea. Insidi- ous influenza is once again lying in wait in the land and nobody can afford to ignore it. The only way in which to ward off that weakening malady is to keep a cheery mind in a comfortable body, Fortunately BROOKE, BONDS' delici- ous Tea can do all that for you and yours and for only a few pence, too. ASK ANY OF OUR AGENTS who are everywhere, for a six-penny quarter- pound packet of our perfect Tea. It's put up and sealed and priced by us at our Bead-quarters, so you are sure to get the rigl t tea at the right • price, There's real comfort for your mind and body in that sixpenn'orth, aye, and possibly a longer life, also. So don't disdain that littls friend in need. Though little its good indeed. It's always close at hand and ever at your car- Vce.

An our other Teas aud prices suit all Peopl,p fl IA all purees:

1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 AND 2/8 A LB.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, 3OND, & Co., Ld.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSE'S, MANCHESTER, 291.7MAPEtICCETADISLLTRYET, }

'WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS. A sure cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS GRaVEL Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Stricture PILLS GRAVEL Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. The Effect PILLS GRAVEL lof One Box is. Marvellous. Price I/1i PILLS GRAVEL I and 2/9 per Box. Agents : —Hill & Co. I PILLS GRAVEL I Buttermarkec-st.,Fairhurst &Co., Horse- PILLS GRAVEL I market-st.. J. IL Young, Sankey-Bt., I PILLS Boots, Bridge-st., Warringion; or free by post from THE PROPRIETORS, 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

ONE BOX OF CLAUSES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gearanteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lineoln. Wholesale Agents; Ban CLaY & SON Loudon, and all the Wholesale Houses.

• DE. MACKAY'S mmtvELLous FEMALE Y MIMED VOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- i: TIES stand!, unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra inary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout th world. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover. for ss. 6d.

DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

,a tiny CAPSULES superior to Balsam Conaiba, Cubebs or Injections and cure in 48 hours the same diseases without Moon. venience. 4/6 of all Che- mists. Or post free. WILCOX a Co., IXFORD ST., LONDON, W

rinigingginel=l2 These T-41,4 are s, • A .34 47 I • •• 239,0)

===== 0002601_18950316_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
' • • • O.V / ' • x". • I 1111

PITLLS,

ve7 u:

RUTLAND 14.F.H Belvoir.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
DISORDERED LIVF,R,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
tShe " Oramintr " Otritt

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. ~ icing under the following heads are inserted in ALL th shove-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SIT CATI*NS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPq WAS . ED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONEY WANTED, iiPECITIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 6d ... is 3cl ... 2s Od 27 Os 9d ... Is led ... 3s Od 36 ls Od ... 2s 6d ... 4s Od 45 54 Toe shove charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tiaament inserted on Credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
rAanirsqtr gstrbantei, f.

WANTED a strong GIRL, about 15.—Anply 317, MAN- CHESTER-ROAD, DelltoD, near Man:theater. _ .

. . WANTED, SI UATION GROW& ran ride or drive, good reference.—Apply T. GAD9BY, Darkly Moor, Williston, Abbourfle.

WANTED a strong Iterpectab'e GIRL for Housework in genPra ; a good washer vreferred.—Apply at 1 .11Ial- BosE-rd., Bootle. _

TTOUS'SKREPER wANTHD, fot Bachelor Gentleman; excellent Si' nation ; good wages.—:-Mrs. PIPE. 50, Edgeware load, Hyde Park, London.

'WOKS, £-16 to £O; HOUSEMAID-WATTRBSSICS. 18;£ A.J Cook for wid .w lady; good MINERALS ; other's vantect.—PALMKß'B, Broad-A., Ha .I.y. threefr

-- WANTED, good GENERAL SREVANT, _in mill; must have reterences.-7. A:bert Terrace, Old Trafford, Manchester.

ba.A.CT RIMISTItY tor M ale ant Female Servili" SCHARLES, Artist in I adies' 11ir. Fancy Goods, for Bazaar Catering Scc.—l3 Legiii,treet, Warrington.

WANTWD. S mug Country GIRL as GENRIA.L, one able to milk prefer,ed; on- cow kept; only live in tamily ; Wesleyans. --Sm:TH, 10 Irwell Park, liccles, Mar,chester.

A Nice home for a fiE NE RAL SIMI/ANT, four in the ..t1 family ; wags £l2; also for another one ; wages £l5. —Mrs. Device, Select Registry. 54 Come-road. Burnlvy.

- -- --- WANTED. clesn. respectable GIRL, as General for dairy, abour 18 r 20, no outside wk, and no w Apply, by letter, to Mrs. NEWHOUSE, 32, Epworth-otreet, Liverpool.

WANTED resp.ctable strong YOUNG WOMAN to uwiertake duties of small house ; three in family ; washing sent out ; good wages.—Apply 28 ELLERSLIE-BOAD, Tuebrook, Liverpool.

SIONANT.- WANTED, guod General, age 20; no washing; good home and wag.* to reliable person. Reference requir,-d.-3irs. COUP, Winterhey-laue, Horwich, near Bolton. - WANTED a STRONG GRNERAL age 20 or over; able to wash and ,00k a lit le, comfortable hom,, reference required,—Mrs. KNOTT, 30 Lister-et., Stockport Road, I.lati- chester.

NVANTED at once, exp,rienced Hots!, COOK, strong GENISHAL and THASPLID-W UTHES i, Head slid Second LAUNDRY-MAID ; refe, ences required.—RoYAL HOTEL, Harrogate,

MR,. HOPPER, Rezistry Office. Burtonn -o-Trent, has a good Mother's tielp or sewing maßt, learnt the drees-naking ; also a Head Nurse, under Nurse, and House- maid, dit engaged.

ANANTED, SICIJA.TION as Housekeeper, experienced. nsiddle-sged, to ~.riest or single gentleman, where one or more servants are km t, good references, abstainer. M. M. ROBELANDS, 111JYTON, LIVERPOOL.

, snti YhMALB NUI7,SES INSIITUTION, 70, floe-Bt., Liverpool. —11 stab. 1878.—For reliable. Att2sll.ants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly bums, Massage, wooly or Aerzrauh. " Nurses." Livernool. TlephOne. 61C.

WANTRD, £2O to £35 NJ wages. Must be of god character, and competent. Booking Free. Practical School of Cookery and Coott9j REGISTRY. 263, Oxford Road, Manchester Wheoprktinof IhIEVS:2Eyrd \IT A NtoTsta widower, SITUATIONwhere s ervPa'snt of children ; good neediewomms ; domesticated; cheerful; Catholic; highest r -forences.—F.. 1 PORTLAND VlLLA.s,Spring Grove, Kingston-on-ThamNlles. IDLAND REGISTRY OFFICE. DERBY.--Patronised by nobility and gentry.—Wsnted Cooks, £2O to £4); Kitch -nmaids. Scullery-maid, Parlourmaids, Housemaids. Honse Parlourmaids. Laundrymaids, Under Nurses. All classes of Men Servants disengaged.

NVANTED SITUATION as Gardener, Head-working, 16,1 years' tt orou:.,h praltical experience in all branches of the profession ; aged 29, single ; tirst class recommenda- tions from pre ent and previous employers.—l.l. THOMPSON, --ickley Hall Gardens, Doncaster.

Frie

T AnY AGF,Yrs, CLl.iffE.S, TYPE WRITERS, BAH- IA MAIDS, DOMWiTiCS, LADY HELPS AND LADIES of every cilscription (married or single) wanted immediately to send Large (2d.) Zitamped Directed Envelope for partici, la a also Illu4rated MellCl Guid3. sent free.—DlE NEW S OCR DRUG COMPANY.—ReadIng.

partirttnt,3', -jurnilgb 300t15e5,&r.

on OUTHPORT.—Superior Apartments ; Drawing room ; k) or two bedroom 6. Inclusive moderate terms.—Mrs. BRISTOWE, 33. Avomlale-road. off Yromenado.

Co br ?Lt.

BANK STREET, OFFICnS, £5 a room.

IENKETII, CIOTIAGES, 2s, Bd. per week.

WVINIVICK ttOAD. Oliver-street, Guol LODGING HOUsE, re luced to 6s.

N lON STRERT, lALL WORKS in centre of town. Lbers

. Apply, ROBERT LOWE, htette Agent, Market Gate Cham Warrington. Telephone—No 65. -- T AND TO 13 LET. The best situated in the centre or it t'S arrington (oppobite Batik Park). for first-clas9 dwell- iro-houses, street made, ground rent low.

LxT, LABURNANI VILLAS, dui Ilawttlirn Villas Folly-lane.

HousE, Francds-terrace, Lovely-lane.

ABNI, Buildings, Land and Cottage it required, Folly- lane.

ILLA, Crosfield-street. opposite Bank Park.

110UbE. Gus. diau-atreet.

Apply, 23 FOLLY LANE, Warrington.

V 10 Liff.—Honse off Bews.y-road (3 bedrooms), rent 48.6 d. —Apply Ashton and Woods. Solicitors. Horsemarket-st,• WarrinrtOTl. . .

tivu T 1. t routing Latchford locks; bay %ludo lobbie i through and cheap rents.—S. J. tI•HAICESIIAFT, Grappenhall.

MO BB LET, good House, Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath ail modern coaveniences ; rent £2B pe” annum Apply ILDWIN BRADSHAW, chat ered ace ,untant, Market- s. re,t. Warrington.

RES PECTABLN SITTING ROOM and BEDROOM W&NTISD in Warrington for 2 or 3 weeks, by a young lady in businesa.--ntiplv tinting t,erma, which must be mod- crate. —Addressll, G , Examiner Office, Warrington.

fro BE VET with immediate possession, No 3, STANLICY ChRSENT, PR!, SCOT. id presect in tt e occupation of Ni^holas Roskell Keg containing 3 entertaining roOms, sbe Irrams, di esaing reom, bath room kn. Large garden at d Tennis Greund. A, ply to Dlr. Henry CROSS Solicitor, Prescot.

_ . _ EwTON-1.11-WILLOWS.—TO LET, from Ist June, semi- uetached VILLA; 7 minutes' walk from I, arlestown Station; 5 bedrOoms, 2 entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, washhouse and gardem. 'Rent £22.—Apply EDWIN BRAD- SHAW, Chartered Accountant, Market-st., Warringten.

- - TRW TON-Llf -W ILLOW S. To be SOLD " SUNNYSIDR," .1.1 semi-detached VILLA. Crow-lane. 7 minutes from Earlestown Station; 5 Bedrooms, 2 Eniertaining Rooms, Kitch,m, Scullery, outside Washhouse. and Garden.—Apply EDWIN BRADSHAW, Chartered Accountant, Market-street, Warrington.

BLACIE BULL HOTEL, Stanley-street, Bury. TO BE LIM the above First-class HOTEL situate in main thorough- fare ; fit up with every convenience for a first-class business. For rartioulars address the SECRETIRY, Crown Brewing Company, Limited, Bury.

eIHAIGLEY HALL FARM TO LET, containing abont one 1._,/ hundred and twenty acres of good meadow and pastuYe land, with dwelling-house and farm buildings well situated; shout four miles from Clitlieroe —Apply W. WLYSTANLeY, Chaigley Manor, C:itheroe.

EAGLIi iliafNT and STAFF:ORD TEBR.AeIi, ll'composed of four bedrooms, two sitting-rooms,kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also Sun nyside Stockton Heath. every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasant aspect ; rent £l9 10s. ; also good corner shop, Albert Terrace. Stockton iledh. with every accommodation; rent £19.-- Apply BOSTOCK . ild ers pool. Warrinkt . _ - RESIDItNCH.—TO 1.110 OR SOLD, desirable tamtly Residence, The Heights. Golborne, near Newton-le- Willow with three-stalled stable, loose box, two coachhouses, harness-room, garden well stocked with fruit trees; conserva- tory, fernery, vineries. peach house, plant house, boiler house, laundry. yards, Ac,; the house is substantially built and pleasmatly situated about i miles from Newton-le- Willows Station and lb minutes' wilk from Golborne and Lowton Statmns respectively ; contains large entrance hall, dining, drawing, breakfast, morning and billiard-rooms, 12 bedrooms, and two dressing-rooms. with bath-room, and lavatories, k uchot.s, batus, pantiy, fiont au" back co ars Le., also excellent swimming bath with all necessary fittings and appliances.—Apply to W. If. AANOTT, Lime House, inawtw, uea Newton-le-Willows.

":':,"*!..

,

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils, /A. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, POST OIPIC & Liverpool.

%ATANTRD,Stfferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 VT stamps for certain Cure. J. AgEwonta, Euxton,

Chorley.

YOUNG MAN WANTED. 355. per week and commission. Regular work, splendid opening.—Address comPo WORKS. Farnworth, B di on, Lancashire.

LIA 4 ITARY INSPECTOR'S EXAMINATIONS.—RaIiaIde 1.3 COACH. For fub particulars and tuition fees write, SA.NIT.ARY INSPECTOR, 178, Borough-road, Birkenhead.

WANTBD, 10,00 i SUNLIGHT and LIFEBUGY Soap Wrappers. Itd. dozen given C. TOILET, 18 Bel- grave Square, Belgrave-street, Birmingham.

f IOBACCONISTS and to commencing should call or send J. for our Price List. Competition defIed.—GOLDBERWS, Paradise-st. Liverpool. Bstablished 1850.

OBACCONISTS commencing. Guid ) (259 pages) I 3d.—ToslOcoNlsTs' Co., 186, Huston-mad. Loodon Shoo-fitters for a)1 trades.— Manager, HY. MYERS, at. 1866;

Eibe=tork, Su.

()heap Good bred PIGS. carriage paid,from healthy Bedrd- kJ shire Sties, from 14s. by R. D • GARRATT, Barton, Ampthill, Particulars sent.

FAOCI OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail —HALL. 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool

110HalA S' LOIN uLOTHS.—Best and strongest In the market-46in. long. 34in. wide, waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.—H. J. GASSON, Eye.

Cool Vouitrp, Sa.

PHEA•4ANTS' EGGS FOR SALE.- Fox price list with testimonials apply COWLEY Bilos., Game Farm, Mawd. aley, Ormskirk.

PUNCHING. SHEAItING MACH' NES, large quantity, all sizes ; Flying-out Presses.—Gwrus, Midland Works, Tra.Vis-street, Manchester.

11 UCK AND (2)0., Limited.

INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, ito. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Alm at 35. IrTne.c.t St,eet, Loudon. Carttiff, Newport. end Dublin, LEATHER WORKS, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Maitteti.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.44

===== 0002601_18950316_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE

Oisttliantous.

J ONES' FEMALE. PILLS, 'a safe remedy" in boxes Is. lid. each.—JONES, 51, Buttermarket-street.

RArliThElgtlel.dFolllbalta.keNtlynfoßb,ewtteitrlonfro pmark2ftc.otopeuct: Dur- ham.

I NFLUENZA.—Send Is. 3d. for late Sir Morell MeKenzie's 1 genuine YEESCRIPTION.—J. STEWART, North Dock, Swansea.

CIATAPULTS ! Extraordinarily powerful. Rabbits, Birds 1.../ easily killed. Satisfaction guaranteed, is.. is. 6d., 2s. 6d. post free.—GATE, Mutford Bridge, Lowestoft.

KAY character corroctly told from own hand- writing or photo. Fee i7d.--FRANK WOOD, Win- cheap Canterbury.

QTAMM BRING Cured. Any person affilct-td thus will do well to consult U. KIRBY% White Bridge Cottage. Newton- lc-Willows, personally or by letter. ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOOKING, 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool.

WYRITING EXTRAORDINARY! Bad writing rapidly improved by my Noted Postal System. Trial lesson, Is—Professor WATKINS, Speciali,t, Sydendam.

II IDE SALT—an excellent fertilizer for all kinds of grits arid arable lands price 13s. per ton (nett), in bags ; free on rails : cash with order. A trial solicited.—Apply THE BIRKENHEAD SALT Co., Birkenhead.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

';i

ro. '

' - (

===== 0002601_18950316_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
,

plan of sending a "recruiting ship" round the coast has been very successful, but as the recruits in this case are boys it will need a conaiderably longer period to make them efficient seamen.

IF we may judge from the cor- The Ship Canal. respondence in the Manchester

papers the Ship Canal Company are, in a financial sense, rapidly getting into a tight place. The correspondents are for the most part well-wishers of the Company, and they make ' numerous suggestions for its benefit. The only drawback to most of their schemes is that they are not practicable. By no method of financing does it seem possible out of funds in hand or that will be in hand when the time comes to provide for interest on the debenture stock. It is true that traffic is increasing at what some people re- gard as a satisfactory rate, but while that may be some consolation for those who can afford to wait, it will. do little towards satisfying the more immediate and urgent claims. The more closely do people scan the situation the more do they seem to be driven to the conclusion that the Manchester Corporation must again act the part of the good fairy. In the meantime it is ominously pointed out that by clause 13 of the Ship Canal Act, if there are arrears of either debenture interest or capital, or both, to the extent of £lO,OOO, a receiver may be appointed by the mortgagees. The troubles of the Canal Company are not confined to financial matters. The Company is, says one correspon- dent, hemmed in by a perfect network of diffi- culties in regard to maintaining a certain depth in the canal,"and in this connection the clauses cf the Act relating to Warrington are particularly quoted. If it fails to carry out the obligations it has entered into it will make itself liable to untold penaltios in one way or another, and it is perti- nently asked, where is the money to come from either to carry out the obligations or to pay the penalties in default. The same correspondent continues, "In the interest of the shareholders these dangers and difficulties must be faced. It is idle to live in a fool's paradise rejoicing over the increase of traffic, when any receipts there may be are in danger of going into the hands of a receiver or of being paid away in litigation and penalties. In the event of unsuccessful litigation and no funds, what will become of the property of the Company ?" The directors will evidently need all the business abilities and financial resources at their command to turn the awkward corner which is in front of them.

MR. BRYCE is the President of the Trade. Board of Trade and has excep

tional sources of information on commercial matters. The remarks which he made at a electing of members of Chambers of Commerce in London on Wednesday as to a probable speedy revival of trade are, therefore, of more than usual interest. Since 1846, he said, the periods of trade- depression had been in no instance longer than six years, and as the .present depression had lasted for about five years there would now prob- ably be a change for the better. He believed there were already visible signs of the much-desired reviv- al. The movements of finance had been distinctly brisker within the last few weeks,and although the trade returns for February were less than in the same month last year that was probably due to the exceptionally hard weather. The settlement of the American tariff question had also had a dis- tinctly beneficial effect, as the trade with the United States was distinctly reviving. On the whole, therefore, according to the President of the Board of Trade, the prospects of trade are encouraging and are rather light than dark.

Very few people can have missed noticing the obtrusive methods of cheap advertising adopted by the I.L.P. or its supporters. On almost every wall, fence, or boarding is to be seen scrawled in chalk the announcement that such and such per- son will speak somewhere, coupled with a cordial invitation to come and be instructed, or a stern in- junction to read such and such a paper. Turn where you will these very informal announce- ments stare you in the face. If there is any re- muneration attached to such a plan someone is making a "pile," but perhaps the I.L.P. men have becoms so eager to win support that each carries a piece of white chalk wherewith to make public his sentiments. Prom an advertising point of view the idea is not bad, but what say the pro- perty owners whose erections are so lavishly " ornamented" free of charge. Even a burglary, it seems, is not always an un- mixed evil. At least we think that this will be the opinion of Mr. B. B. Matthews, the model and genial chairman of the Little Bankey Parish Coun- cil. It will be remembered that the house at which Mr. Matthews resides was broken into a few weeks ago by a couple of men who were, however, alarmed in the midst of tneir operations, and hastily departee, carrying with them some port- able property. It now appears from " Pearson's. Weekly " that Mr. Matthews has put in a claim on the burglary insurance scheme of that paper, and has been awareled .£lO. At this rate some people would almost be disposed to describe a burglary as a " blessing in disguise."

' The subject of the borough extension has fre- quently been alluded to in these columns. Last week we expressed our pleasure that the townships of 1 Little Sankey and Latchford Without had consent- ed to be absorbed within the borough. The two other townships—Poulton-with-Fearnhead and Appleton—which are affected, have hitherto been strongly opposed to the:proposed extension in their direction, but it is believed that even here the op- position is becoming weaker, owing to the advan- tageous terms offered by the Corporation. It is probable that the strip of Poulton required, will be obtained without much difficulty, and in Appleton, it is stated that some of the largest ratepayers affected are agreeable to coming within the borough. Taking everything into consideration, all the omens are favourable for Warrington, and the good old t:own will probably be considerably larger in area in a few:months' time.

Since November, when the present Board of Guardians was elected, the fortnightly meetings have been much more protracted than they usually were previously. Meetings of half an hour were very frequent,and it was something very importan indeed which kept the Board together an hour. Of late, however, the meetings have averaged an hour or more, and therefore when on Wednesday the bu,iness was completed in twenty-five minutes, everyone was astonished. The members had given their tongues a rest, which is very commendable now and again.

It is astonishing to notice the hold, the P.S.A.'s and otner Sunday,afternoon meetings have obtained upon the Warrington people. Two years ago, the first P.,S.A. meeting was el d in Wycliffe Church, and at that time no one expected them to reach their present dimensions. In fact many people pro- phesied failure. instead of failure, however, they have been a brilliant success. Those who visited Wycliffe Church at the second anniversary of the P.S.A., witnessed t sight wottu going to see, The large church was crowded with

===== 0002601_18950316_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
EXANIINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1895.

ptales bp Zurtton.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
13aatrintonp.

MATltlMONY.—lntroductions arranged for all who wisla to marry.—For particulars send aix stamps to MaDam DE ANNIB, 80A. Deansgate, Manchester.

GEORGE HENRY ,L E & CO BASNETT STREET LIVER POOL,

Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF FANC ARTICLES. SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIES,

AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS.

Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS in • Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN S

===== 0002601_18950316_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Sp, mai.

G. H. and Co.'s Is. 31d. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 53 Cards and Envelopes. The best Box ever offere.i. High Class Cards, original value 10a. By Post 40. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary, Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a mass of Useful Information for the Home. Post Free is. 6d...

UMBRELLAS, GLOVES', GENTS' TIES, and

SCARVES. S!UILSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, &0., For Presents.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BISNETT STREET, LIVERPOOI4

,

THE Navy Estimates which were I The Navy. submitted to Parliament on Tuesday would have made the old economists "gasp and stare." That £18,000,000 should be spent upon the Navy in one year would have seemed incredible to them. Yet that is the amount of expenditure which is pro- vided for the coming year, and it is apart altoge- ther from a loan of £9,000,000 which is to be raised for special purposes of naval defence. The growth of the Navy estimates has, in recent years, been extremely rapid. Ten years ago they were £12,000,000, now they are, as we have said, .£18,000,000, a growth of exaCtly fifty per cent. Ten years the number of men asked for to man the fleet was 58,000, now it is 88,850. Ten years ago the tonnage of the fleet was 692,000, now it is 1,300,000. Yet, in spite cf this great and steady increase, it has probably rarely happened in pre- vious years that the Estimates have met with so little adverse criticism as on the present occasion. The Government appear to,lave satisfied not only an overwhelming majority of their own followers, but also the "captious critics" of the Opposition bench. As a matter of fact, it is universally agreed that the one thing which this country can not dispense with in the way of defensive armaments is a strong ifleet, that is to say, a fleet which, in number of ship and weight of metal, would, in case of emer- gency, be equal to the task of defending the coasts of this country and the world-wide commerce and ' possessions of the Empire. And, unfortunately, it does not rest with the British Government to , say finally when the Navy is sufficiently powerful to answer all the purposes for which it is main- tained. The pace is really set by foreign nations. Doubtless ten years ago when the expenditure was one-third less than it is now, the Navy was considered sufficiently powerful to hold its own against any possible foreign assault. But much has happened since then. Some countries, and particularly France, have been making constant and strenuous efforts to strengthen their forces at sea, and there are Frenchmen and French journals who have not hesitated to say that all this was done with a view to a possible conflict with England. Under these circum- stances, it is certain that no English Government, whether it be Liberal or Tory, will think of starv- ing or stinting the Navy. Where the mad race for increased armament will end it is impossible to say. There are people who maintain that the best hopes of peace is to be found in the constant improvement of warlike weapons, as these in the end will be made so destructive that war, and particularly an aggressive war, will become practi- cally impossible. On the same style of reasoning, it might appear that the only limit to the growth of expenditure on preparation for war will be found in the bankruptcy or financial exhaustion of the rival nations. Out of the loan of £9,000,000 which is to be raised some very extensive improvements are to be made at various harbours and naval stations. ' At Portland £700,000 will be spent in extending' the harbour and in making it impenetrable by torpedoes, and a similar sum will be spent at Gib- raltar. Large sums of money will be spent in , making a new harbour at Dover, and amongst the , foreign stations that will receive attention is that ,1 of Hong-Kong which, in view of Eastern compli- cations, might, of course, become of very great importance. One of the greatest difficulties which the Admiralty has to contend with is that of pro- viding sailors for the rapidly augmenting fleet. It appears that the inducements which are held out, are not sufficient to draw sailors away from the inert:wade marine. On the other hand, the,

. .

===== 0002601_18950316_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_18950316_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,Y

===== 0002601_18950316_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
men, and the swing with which they sang the vari- ous hymns was a real treat. The Rev. John Yonge was justly jubilant at the success of the venture. To emphasize the success which Sunday afternoon meetings have obtained,tt is interesting to mention that besides Wycliffe Church being crowded, there. was at the same time a crowded meeting at the Y.M.C.A., and a very large meeting at Bold-A. Wes- leyan Church.

Some Authorities are extremely slow in moving, but we think that the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee are a little slower than usual in a notice which they sent to the Warrington Rural District Council, and which was read at their last meet- ing. They gave notice that if the Council or any individual tipped snow into the river they would proceed against them, or him. If that notice had been sent in November or the beginning of -December, there would have been some sense in it, but to send it when the winter is practically over seems to be a waste of paper and ink, and a postage stamp. Perhaps, however, they are intending it for next year, and if that be so they can fairly claim to have" taken time by the forelock."

The estimates for the army and navy for the year 1895-6 are not of a character to fill the hearts of the members of the Peace Society with satisfaction. The estimated expenditure upon the army is £17,973,800—0n1y £22,100 less than last year, while the navy estimate is .C 18,701,000 an increase of .C 1,334,900. Thus on the two services a total amount of ..C36,674,800 is required, which is about one third the total expenditure of this country. No one cam view these figures with anything like satisfaction.. for they show that one third of the taxation of this country is spent, not for its development, but to • prepare for the brutal, inhuman scourge of war. The principles of the Peace Society whizh are after all, but the principles of the religion professed by the nations of Europe, are at a discount at the pre-- sent time, for instead of attempts at disarming the enormous armies of Europe, they are being con— stantly increased, and it is difficult to prophesy what the end will be. A great war seems to be the. only solution to the present situation, for the. bloated armaments are becoming intolerable- burdens upon the nations of Europe.

The speech which Lord Cross made at the Church Defence meeting at Warrington last week was of the "forcible-feeble" order. It contained plenty of strong epithets such as " monstrous lies,"- " fallacies," " utter untruths," " ridiculous proposi— tions," and so on, but in reality it was a weak and illogical deliverance. When, for instance, he declares that there is no such thing as a Welsh Church and that the Church in England and is Wales is "undivided and indivisible "does he mean that the Church in Wales can not be disestablished and disendowed except along with the Church ia England? If that be so be is hugely mistaken,and he will no doubt live to see how easily it can be done. So far as the promoters and supporters of the Welsh Disestablishment Bill are concerned it is. not very material whether the Welsh Church is called the Church of Wales or the Church in Wales. What they are concerned with is that the Welsh people through an overwhelming majority of their representatives in Parliament demand disestablish- ment and disendowment,and that there are other and in their opinion conclusive reasons in favour of this reform. And, again, is it not illogical of Lord Cross to assert in one and the same speech, first, that the Welsh Church is really part and parcel of the Church of England, and, second, to deny that it is an alien' church ? Does Lord Cross deny that there is such a, thing as Welsh natienality ? Everyone knows that church defenders do not stick at arguments which are utterly Inconsistent with the teaching of history,but we did not know that they treated with equal disdain the facts of geography and, ethnology.

Mr. Robert Pierpoint's speech at the same meet- ing was, as usual, of that flowery. character which sounds well but generally means nothing. Ile- " appealed to Nonconformists to unite witn the- Church," and " cause the world to exclaim as of old, 'Behold how these Christians love one another.'" It would be well if Mr. Pierpoint en- deavoured to persuade the Church to love the Non- conformists a little more. Times without number in Warrington have the Nonconformists invited the church to unite with them in various movements, but the church ministers have invariably refused , to co-operate. The Nonconformists are always willing to assist the churchmen in anything to ifl: prove the town, but a more exclusive body of gen- tlemen than the church parsons it would be diffi- cult to find. If all the churches are put on an equal footing in the eyes of the state, there would be much better chance of showing the world ',how , these Christians love ono another."

===== 0002601_18950316_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE CHURCH HISTORY LECTURE.,---The sixth lecture en English Church History WAS delivered in the Institute on' Monday evening. Mr. T. Jackson Lee presided, and announced tl,e siihject of the lecture to be the "Leading ‘,-nt in ts;,e anon," covering the period AD. 1535-1590. TI •lecur.r (Mr. H. J. Westbrook) said the yuccas to ui cJosidered in the present lecture were—the dissolution of the monasteries ; the translation of holy scripture ; the influence of Swims reformers under Edward VI. and the reaction against them under Mary ; concluding with the Elizabethan settlement. Each of these several points was dealt with in turn, some 55' excellent slides being exhibited by M. H. N. Houghton in illustration. One of the points mostly insisted upea was the continuity of Church organisation during the Tudor period. The dissolution of the monasteries did not mean the destruction of the English Church, for though monasticism from the earliest times had been cart it was not the vital part of the' Church's system. But the diocesan and parochial systems were the Church's very life blood,her arterial and nervous organisation, and as these were never interfered with in the Tudor times, the continuity of Church organisation was indisputable. The ordina- ries retained their jurisdiction, and administered the law as before. The bishops still sat in the House of. Lords, and by the same title as before. The Convoca- tions continued to sit concurrently with every Perlis- rnent as before. Bishops and parochial clergy retained their respective positions, performed their duties in the same churches,to the same congregations. Corruption were cut away, the usurped power of the Popes was successfully overthrown, but no new church was founded." f WALTON PARISH COUNCIL MEETING o .—A meeting - this Council was held on Saturday night. Mr. Monks rt' presided, and there were also present—Messrs. Ca wright, Richardson,Beswick, and Mounfield (clerk). T. 11. deputation appointed to wait upon the Town Clerk las" Thursday reported the result of their interview, It WO decided to accept the terms offered by the Corporationj and not to oppose the proposed extension of the boreag° of Warrington. HEATH OF A RESIDENT.—We regret to announce the death of Mrs. George Lowe, of Bstock-st., whieti o occurred last week. Mrs. Lowe was a total abstain The funeral took place at St. Thomas's Church, Stocktot! Heath, on Saturday, amid many manifestations 01 regret. The coffin, which was made of polished oak,u was supplied by Mr. Mounfield. Warrington, bore We er inscription. " Mar 7 Ann Lowe," born 30th Npverrib 1860, died sth March, 1895." The Rey.H. R. C. Vern ' conducted the funeral service. She leaves a widower and five children. 4

AN OLD WARBINGTONIAN. On Saturday evening, Mr. Thomas Crosier, an ' Warringtonian, died at Preston. Ile was horn Bank Quay in the year of the memorable battle 0 Waterloo, namely, 1815, and was therefore 80 year 9 of age. Mr. Crosier was well-known in WarringtoP' For a considerable number of years he assisted 10. e registration work connected with the Conservaa Live Association. in which capacity he renclere„t valuable service until he retired in i. 892 and we' to live with a married daughtor at Present.

--o.—_ . W° LAWN MOWEES.—GAELAND. Ironmonger, Warring and Earlestown. SEIVIN.4 Al scw N cs, Ilmd .e 2 139. ed. Treadle L 4 451ii1.5 handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 lin"' 4ankey-k, Warringt.t.n.-4dvt.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES CONGREGATIONAL Cernecrt. The Rev. E. Austin, of Marsh Gibbon, has accepted tr,he pastorate of the Congregational Church, SIRIM'S eas, Widnes, and will commence work there on April 14. ItATH OF A WELL-KNOWN WESLEYAN AT RUNCORM_,._ On Sunday, the remains of Mr. William Kay, o 37 f Bridge-street, Runcorn, were interred in the Cemetery. ,The deceased was 79 years of age and was brought to 4uticorn when an infant. He had resided at that address by his life. 139 was a staunch Wesleyan, and u 7 his quiet, unestentations, and genial disposition had Rained the respect of all parties in the town. The ,Ileeral service was conducted by the Rev. W. George, "ealeypee minister. Potece CASES. „rat Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday morning, before r• T. Handley (chairman), and Mr. E. unison, En 18015ith, a stranger in the town, who stated that she be- ' "ged to Birkenhead, and who carried a five-months da ug ter in her arms, was committed to prison for -lea days for being drunk and disorderly the previous dhipati..--John Williams, a seaman, 19 years of age, was relned en a charge of being drunk and disorderly in ercival-lane, at 11.30 on Monday night. l'aß SHIPMENTS OF SALT AT RUNCORN AND WESTON II • POINT. Shi unog February there was a marked decrefmase. in the vs.Pinents of salt from Runcorn and Weston at, but be accounted for by the severe frost which to 7 ezPerienced. From Runcorn there was shipp.d 806 ie.!! of white and rock salt, as compared with 2,415 tens gsile correspondine month of 1194, and from Weston touhit there was shipped of the same commodities 1,125 118. ea against 2,652 tons in February, 1894. Tee er WeseisyAN Home MISSIONS • ter "ev- T. Ogden Taylor, of Rock Ferry, will preach eptleaermons in St. Pawl's Wesleyan Church, Ru corn,on op eeua,Y, when collections will be taken at each u service rere"'„ualf of the W I an Home Missions. The annual ererZulg will be holds ein the same church on Thursday ()3ung when addresses wiil be delivered by the Rev. _ T. liken Taylor, and the Rev. Josiah Harris, of Irwei s t esion Salford. FORMATION OF A GYMNASIUM AT Rmscoae . 14dIneeting of the newly formed gymnasium club wasmere ap, en Monday evening at the Waterloo Hotel. occupied by good attendance and the chair wasoc cpas fol- low • Warder. The election of officers resulted. IlapB,'"-Treasurer, Mr. L. Coward;. secretary, PP: kslses ; committee, Messrs. A. Torrie, H. ee R. Richardson, and T. Davies. Practice. nights toed zed for Monday and Wednesday evenings. A epe„ number of members were enrolled, and it was erl'ea that each member should do his best to engthen the club. f Very b, Tee FERRY. People were aware of the re-opening of the l "ceu r Vepbt:',"ween Runcorn and Widnes on Monday,and con- „reY few have availed themselves of the conveni- get ioehe approach road has not yet been completed, rnin are engaged unon the work. The Ship Canal pe,,auy have provided a boat in charge of an official, terecen„leYing Passengers across the canal, and the altio and ITurth-Western Railway Company have tips fa poet for crossing the Mersey. The re-opening of Copeer„lT, for which both the Runcorn and Widnes ept4cte"B have agitated for, will no doubt be a % convent- leo° iaullytkre desirous of crossing the waterways, When burdened with heavy parcels. °TpI" OF THE RUNCORN BOOKSTALL MANAGER. Of Xj,•, Rbbrelewho for eight years has been in charge esT, W. H. Smith and Son's bookstall at Runcorn Iktid been promoted to a similar ce te position at Rhyl, e .e4lll have the town on the 23rd inst. He will be suc- heewnY Mr. C. Langford, who is at present at Aber- ,ttict CY• Messrs. Smith's business in Runcorn and dis- eirre_aei under Mr. Ebbrell's management, very largely of theesed, He associated himself with the local branch 48erete -arsev Mission to Seamen, for which he was -17, and he has gained a large circle of friends. SONS OP TEMPERANCE, RUNCORN. ?,1•1 Jeues Presided at the meeting of this order sa—aY evening. Special references were made to that b al"' Henderson leaving the town. It was stated apoi had been an active member of the order for pith Ye 4red Years, and had filled various positions of trust et a it to himself and satisfaction to the members. Vorep,aureher of years he had been an enthusiastic tlecti ara?r,z, the cadets, or the juvenile society, in con- tk r ee4e With the order. The following officers and hevia 88 eOoke in E terms of warm appreciation, Messrs. air, rox.ith, dward Kay, W. Bisbrown, T. Heesom, ~,laitiOg ernPerley and Thomas Cooke, and the fol- i-feeoberlii-„Tu„tien was carried unanimously: "That the leacer,„;"ne order deeply regret that Mr. Henderson ePhere 0'f.1"1.7,1, and wish him every success in his new ;lid he e"'",ur." Mr. Henderson suitably replied, and etelaed. "utud do his best to introduce the order in

4.t 11,, A PAUPER'S FREAK. Mr. p.lneern Police Court on Friday morning, before Who said Norman and Mr. E. Imison, a casual pauper *as o.l`l ho belonged to Walsall, named Charles Law, Borne prged with haying on Wednesday, destroyed. .13,./ tho°,:oirsitchlothes and a pair of boots whilst an inmate "Atm t,. 'Mae at Dutton. George Frederick Bachelor on wed that the defendant was admitted to the workhouse III; Illas Pulling_thio,outlers,oBl3.s,a n dtil whilste in ttdh leri there c ehse, and wilfully he als do etsotrreoyuepd ne did so in order to get new ones. The 4b;411.13rt.4tt8 conntitted him to prison for 21 days' hard

- k ._." r a L- Tee HISTORY OF THE STEAM ENGINom the mem- berk •; n Speakman delivered a lecture t S"eleet' the St. Michael's Social and ‘I utual 1 inprovement illeetitT:n tho abeve mentioned subject at. the J. Jameson weekly (1-reaniesdet,o l'llt4!tiaF evening' The Revtn A. attendance. -he i he chair. There was only a s steatt,ect_urer graphically described the generation of Ye _114,9a referred to its properties and development. efe ars.'i-e: An`4 with Hero's engine used for pumping. 120 D hna• ure Chri, he showed the improvements which w4,!riltduallY tat en place for using steam as a.me d e lecture was illustrated by means motive ve T embodied in the modern marine engine liroa.,,eti. eamaiiinght ews and diagrams, fully h and Mr. m of ill Dad the RSOB of th(f various parts of the machinery Speakman T. Wes ae and present steam engines. by th-.1.1t) iongne.the p 1/"wrsce°rded the lecturer and the lAantveortnetstef(t‘hlanks d reposition of the Chairman, seconed la 13e xj" NO, TRADES' HALL AT RUNCORN Parliamentary and General Prl tOYTtrdaY evening a deptltatiOn of trade soCieties in urD, waited upon the p „”ses co_ . • Peak mrnittee at the Town Hall, tilieuynceoxrnpl.eibMe,ri. thi, obUlan was in the chair. Mr. Ga the proposed trust ctec,,ttons of the trades' stated that thetrh ' Mr. Lake, law clesrokei,etrieenslited on behalf of !hthe..c an District Council. The Chairman at ,c)Ilcil was willing to acquiesce in any arrangement d the ''oner-a.a accentatto the trades' societies anobjection ~as tat'i,` the building The terms to which t turatl h„-:ea Were not those imposed by the Council bu '"•ulCt,l were reasonable by those who acted for argot, d,.lt 0 Council had no desire to interfere with e"thal,-;;;Putes, or to overawe the other 'members of the Poict4"`t'e, hut it was usual where trustees were P_ ,Tariars: that they should have a seat on the board aoi desi "118 n'slilent. If the societies thought the arrangement to sii r't rable+ and they could persuade Mr. Brunnrr doub 1-1 h,°,7,tat view, the Council would not insist upon It. Nadi p" t that if they met Mr. Brunner Ina v'RY Y tnahner, he would discuss the matter in a lair thel;l4riel it the Council could be useful to any of them, eahn,:lr'hers would be glad to act. A eneral hope was "lett 'ed that a satisfactory settlement would be Iliated. Mr. Gatlelhaving thanked the Chairman for the dttiarks and ePutation thenthe uouncil for the kind reception given. withdrew. A. HOLIDAY IN SWITZERLAND." IN?eted ra Z was the title of an admirableFlreicdtauyreevdebe: by A,. ,F,eenWaY-road Board Schools t'• M. Seeyd Synnersley,one cefnHer..Majesty's 1 tieia ners of schools. Mr. Kynnersley has for some ,r,_040 ea, annual] g. * I cture at the Greeenway 1 '134 °441w8acsh081°1011; naiethttliaat et he tettilloblie are appreciated by large audience which at*: I haveed the lecture on Friday ley evening. The .procos big iri generally been given a to the scholars' prize . fund,s c't fr ''' is° devot is ress prevalent in the town, It wa irk, ee hre.„ „aste the balance towards the maintenance Mese have been car- a.. ;I, on tor'aati:,_ .s to the scholars. heaci Meeitoririlte two months under the directioijoibfuMrar: Of th2his!res4, ...._yi master, and Miss A. M. ' ated in consequence children'ud .were inaugur. liv„, or. ap__ coming to school either without break- t ws‘nati. occ,Zr_ ,Rn. insufflcient meao.b The Rev. Canon st those present otbh.,,e,icitiair and aErn ,a . Messrs. H. Imgison, LP., F. J. 1. 40in., " t" I' '.h 1.• Handley, J.P., J. Pritchard, and others eld teachers and teachers of the school, -`) the] Introductory remarks, the Chairman referred that it ecturer's Previous Visits to the schools,remayting Iktle (th,,aa uunecessary to introduce him to the audience. ,7°ard "P(Alrer) fully approved, and he thought h. ? whiZetribers, and the public approved, of the purpose ~,,h,QY au. ,the proeeeds of the lecture were to be devoted. rtildr i., 'new the benefit of giving breakfasts to the '4 0 5 ' whe unf t t. I had 'not had good food tert4oreq,l„23,o obrf u theti e y bad weather and the that the ,_Want. of work and the promoters thought herinle • could be scarcely better devoted than to j'an. /i - children to begin' their lessons with a healthy eas the-"Lwas very d'l_.-it to werk with the brain un- '''Yotlf4 I.'"N" had shiiiiii( acient food. (Applause.)—Mr. inestrva.eY then proceeded with his lecture which was tl4es,re'eed by a splendid set of lime-light views shown on th:Posr ttl 1'7,1*. T. Bowyer. He described ril a. lucidi.- te-cal asiee"'el Places of interest, alluding to their his- and tbountmcia.tinns, and explained the different modes of vPith his"eerl"g in Switzerland. His remarks were si.piceV ture 13, 'lanai humour and he added interest to his .1 .t.s ') this"' ir;lanY personal'rensiniscences of his several vidsit o dth aautitul country. The lecture was listened .e :;attention throughout, and a most enjoiyeaebla otable hour was spent by all. leAettethreercean :Kin of t,,l' of thanks was accorded the the sitnii, 'lr. J. Pritchard, seconded by Mr. E. Irnisoona. ' PI_opt,:"IPIIITIcnt was passed to the chairman _ 0: :+l.. Kil4:l'..Z.Ly ded `.-T Ms. I.

"LA GRIPPE." Many persons in Runcorn and district are confined to their rooms suffering from influenza, although it is, stated that the malady is of a somewhat milder type than has been the case en previous occasions. Amongst local sufferers may be mentioned the Rev. Canon Mait- land Wood and the Rev. T. Brackenbury, Wesleyan sugeristendent. Beth gentlemen are said to be improving. A BIG CARGO AT RUNCORN. The barque Glitner with bone, ash from River Plate drawing 16it. 41n., arrived at the Runcorn docks on Monday with over 600 tons on board, and is considered to be the largest vessel that has come up toe tidal way to Runcorn tor many years. The tide was over 201 d. at Liverpool and about 17tt. at Runcorn. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. At the meeting of this Society on Wednesday evening Mr. J. Foyer read an interesting paper on "Advertis- ing." From a business point of view he strongly advo- cated advertising. A discussion afterwards ensued in which Messrs. W. Massey, J. D. Jones, W. Millington, and J. Smith took part. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Simister.

COLLISION ON THE SHIP CANAL AT RUNCORN. A serious collision occurred on Wednesday during a fog near Runcorn Bridge. The steamer Jenny was tied up in the Ship Canal, when another steamer forcibly collided with her, thus causing considerable damage. She had her timbers staved in, and the cabin was par- tially shattered. The Jenny is undergoing repairs at Runcorn.

DEATH OF AN OLD INHABITANT. Mrs. Alice Handley, 28, Church-st., Runcorn, died on Wednesday afternoon, after a prolonged illness, at the advanced age of 88 years. Her husband, who was a pork butcher, pre-deceased her 30 years ago, and the business has since been carried on by her at the address stated above, she having been at the shop for almost half a century. She retained her faculties up to the last,with the esception of defective sight. She was very well known in the town.

SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. An entertainment at this Institute on Tuesday even- ing was provideu by the Moseley Hill Temperance choir. The programme consisted of songs, piano solos, recita- tions, duets and choruses, which were creditably given. The Rev. J. H. Dawson, who had been instrumental in bringing the choir to Runcorn, contributed a reading and a song. Duets on auto-harp and violin were given by Messrs. Hartley and Wilson, and other contributors were Miss Wilson, Miss Chadwick, Mr. A. Orton Mr. Goulder, and Mr. Chadwick. A vote of thanks was tendered to the Rev. J. H. Dawson,and the choir, on the proposition of Mr. Shaw, seconded by Mr. W. Byfield. ST. JOHN'S AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION.—RUNCORN BlieNcw.

The result of the recentexamination in connection with the above association at Runcorn, by Dr. Morgan, of Liverpool, has just been received. The following candidates have passed the first examination :—John Atherton, George Bancroft, Thomas Baxley, H. Brad- shaw, T. Butler G. Dale, J. Ellis, Samuel Gregory, Thomas Haddock, Edward E.Hicks,William Leath wood, John L. Littlemore, Alfred E. Manning, William Quale, Peter Rawlinson, George H. Walton, Mark Williams, A. Wright, W. Wylie, Stonewall D. Matthews. The follow- ing passed the first re-examination :—Peter Booth, John Griffiths,Peter Hammersley,Richard Lee,Arthur Morris, J. Richardson, J. Ridgway, John M. 80-iworth, William Williams. Mr. David Smith passed the final examination, and is entitled to a medal. TEE DISTRESS IN RUNCORN.

Fewer applications are now being made to the local ward committees for relief than has been the ease tor some time past. The subscriptions to the fund, too, have fallen off considerably, the only additional sub- scription tube mentioned being one of £lO trom Messrs. lireenall, Whitley and Co., Limited. Free breakfasts to children are still being continued at the schools. The employees of the Runcorn Co-operative Society have during the distress, provided 6,000 people with dinners of soup and bread, and have distributed at Weston and Weston Point 100 four lb. loaves. They also intend to give 50 four lb. leaves to be distributed to those in dis- tress at Weston and Weston Point during the next three weeks. The employees have also contri- buted to the relief fund in the town the SUM of £4 103., and also £1 to Weston relief fund. RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

A meeting of this Beard was held at the cemetery offices en Wednesday afternoon, when Mr. E. Imisen, JP., occupied the chair. "rhere were also present : Dr. Gastaldi, Mr. S. Taylor, J. P., C.C., Mr. R. Mmis, and Mr. Salkeld (secretAry). The secretary's statement showed that the interments for the eleven months to February 25th were 277, as against 481 during the cor- responding period of last year, being a decrease of 204. The fees rece;ved for the eleven monzhs to February 25th, were £263 9s. 6d. as compared with £451 is. 2,1. decrease £lB7 lie. Bd. Accounts amounting to L2O 17s. were passed, and interest falling due on mortgages to the amount of £74 11s. 3d. was ordered to be paid. It was decided that notice be served upon the the over- seer to call a meeting for Thursday, 28th March. for the purpose of electing two auditors. An order was made upon the overseers for a precept of £l2O. TONIC FOL-FA CONCRRT AT RUNCORN. , There was not a very large attendance at the concert given by the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa prize choir in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday evening, and this , was a matter of regret as the proceeds were in aid of the distress fund. The concert nevertheless was of a high 'order, and Mr. Holford, the conductor of the choir , is to be congratulated upon the successful performance of the choir. The glees, part songs, and choruses were listened to with unalloyed pleasure, and the renderation of them was an exemplification of what is possible by the Tonic Sol-fa s“itern. The singing of the two part songs "The lullaby of life" (H. Leslie) and" Lochnagar" (J. Bell),are woi thy of special mention,this latter Scotch song, which was given by desire, being a capital finish to the concert. The soloists were Miss Cross (Winsfcrd), Mr. Berry and Mr. C. Leathwood, and all sang in such good style as to receive hearty receptions. Miss Cross's two songs were " Angels ever bright and fair" and " Watching Alone," and she gave an excellent rendition of both. Mr. Berry contributed a couple of recitatives and airs from Handel's " Messiah "and " Tephtha " to the first part of the programme, and his singing was in every way a succeqs. In the second part he sang " A dream of Spain" for which be was deservedly encored. Mr. C. Leathwood rendered the recitative "I feel the Daity within" and the air "Arts, arm ye brave" (Judas Maccabceus) which were well suited to his style, but he was not as successful in the selection of his last song "Molly Carew." Mr. William Cooke was the accom- panist. THE HALEWOOD RECTOR AND THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER.

11!'' 11( to Tb te tna en, hod, in,s• ItYri idiom tkest rnact torica With ure this C ci Dr 1

===== 0002601_18950316_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBEL ACTIONS SETTLED.

On Thursday, at the Liverpool Assizes, before Mr. Justice Lawrence and a spncial jury, the libel action of Smith v. Wareing come on for hearing. The plaintiff was the Rev. H. Gibson Smith, M.A., rector of Halewood, near Widnes, and the defendant was Jona Wareing, postmaster and grocer at Halewood. Mr. Bigham, Q.C. and Mr. M'Conkey were equnsel for the plaintiff, and defendant was represented by Mr. Pickford, Q.C. and Mr. A. G. Steel. Mr. Bigham stated that the libel complained of was contained in a leaflet which came into exist- ence about the time that the elections for the parish and district councils were taking place. Mr. Wareing interested himself a good deal in local poll- -1 tics,but took a different view from that of the Rector. Some time ago Mr. R. W. Brade was the master of the Church schools at Halewood, and his engagement was terminated, not for any misconduct or blame attaching to him, by the rector and Mr. R. B. Neilson, who were on the committee of management, the letter being writ- ten by the rector. On the 14th November last a hotpest supper was held at flalewood,and at that gathering Mr. Mather, solicitor, of Liverpool, made a speech in which he introduced some jocular observations as to the amicable way in which Halewood had been able to get rid of its Radical schoolmaster. The plaintiff was at that gathering, and if he had thought a slur had been intended upon Mr. Brade he would have put matters right, but he treated the matter simply as a joke. The speech however,was reported in a local paper, and a ecpv of it was sent by Mr. Wareing to Mr. Brade, who wrote the libel complained of, and sent it to two newspapers, only ome of which, however, published it. With that, of course, Mr. Wareing had nothing to do, but it had occurred to some people that it would be a good thing if the letter were printed in the form of a leaflet and distributed amongst the voters in the Progressive as against toe Moderate interest. A largo number of the leaf- lets were printed and sent to a ratepayers' meeting at Halewood. It was, however, resolved not to distribute them, but Mr. Wareing appeared to have taken some of them, sending a copy to Mr. Brade and another to a Mr. Thomas Rogers. There was no doubt according to law that defendant published the libel, and he thoeght the only question to be decided by the jury was as to what were proper damages to be awarded to the rector. Mr. Bighorn then read the lea&t, which commenced be referring to Mr. Mather's speech at the hotpot supper. The following are extracts from the leaflets :—" If tyranny is the watchword of the Tory candidate, he has warm supporters in that Christian teacher the rector,and R. B. Neilson.. . . . Welt, dirty actions, impudence, and arrogance may con- quer for a while, lout the time is near at hand when even the good Tories will open their eyes and mouths against such brainless acts of injustice which disgust all honest men. As it is the press are exposing such capricious dismissals of schoolmasters. Vhat do electors think of the Rev. H. G. Smith and Neilson (school managers fe-r- -%oath) who will sit down to gloat over applause for actions which deprive a man of his living, of his rights, of freedom? Ought electors to continue to place the trust of true education to such men, whose God is Toryism and Terrorism." Correopondence took place between the rector's solicitor and Mr. Wareinz's solicitor,but it was not until the 23rd January that Mr. Wareing's lawyer wrote saying that his client was prepared to offer the rector and Mr. Neilson a full and ample apology and retractation,and to pay the expenses of the action as be- tween solicitor and client. Ultimately the parties came to a settlement, after withdrawing and apologising. . Three of the libel actions sf a Eimilar nelture were also I amicably settled.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1895.

!particularly with the associate members to bring them into that close, living relationship with Jesus Christ. He referred to the marvellous results thaa had followed small beginnings in the field of religious work, and en- couraged the menabers to maintain the high spiritual aims of the movement. _

A consecration service was afterwards conducted by the Rev. William Grange, and a successful gathering concluded with the Mizpah benediction.

THE BOILER EXPLOSION AT ATHERTON'S QUAY.

ACTION FOR £234 DAMAGES AT THE COUNTY

COURT.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Floulkes, Peter Lowe, 2, Leinster-street, Runcorn, sued Richard Abel, flat owner, Runcorn, for £234, as compensation under the Employers Liability Bill, for the loss of his son by a boiler explosion on the steam flat "Amy," belonging to Mr. Abel, which took place in the River Mersey near Atherton's Quay,on September lA, 1894, the explosion being alleged to be owing to the negligence of Mr. Abel in employing a man named Senior, who was alleged to be incompetent, to examine the boiler. _ _ .

... .—..„ Mr. Jordan, barrister, Manchester, represented the plahatiff, and Mr. Collingwood Hope, barrister, Liver- pool, instructed by Mr. Fowler, of Messrs. Davies, Kirk- council, and Burgess represented the defendant. • Mr. Jordan in opening the case for the plaintiff said that the action was to recover damages under the Em- ployers' Liability Bill, by Peter Lowe, father of the yourig. man named Ralph Lowe, 23 years of age, who met his death on September 18, 1824, from an explosion of a boiler on a steam barge, called the "Amy," which was lying in the Mersey near Warrington. Ralph Lowe at the time of the explosion was engaged as engine man upon the barge by a man named Gibbons who was cap- tain of the barge, and employed by the defendant. It appeared from a conversation which took place with Mr. Hough, the cashier of Mr. Abel, that Gibbons was instructed by Mr. Abel to employ a man to take the post which resulted in Lowe's death. He only survived a short time after the explosion took place, as he was so severely injured. The negligence alleged to have taken place on the part of Mr. Abel, the defendant, was the employing of a man named Senior to make an examine- of the boiler in question, as Senior was a man not really qualified or capable of making such examination whatever. A Board of Trade inquiry had been made in Runcorn on the question and had brought out much information upon the subject. The boiler had had a varied experience, having been sunk in the river, and left for some time, and it had been repaired some three and a half years ago. He then employed Senior to look at the boiLr to report upon its coadition,, and report upon the repairs which were required to be made. Tne examination, according to the Board of Trade had been quite ineffectual, as he had not examined a patch in the combustion charnber,behind which the stay had corroded very much. The pressure accustomed to be used in tho boiler was 801tre., whereas the evidence of Mr. Shott. Board of Trade engineer, showed that it was not fit to bear more than 10lbs. Senior had given directions for slight repairs, and after these had been done, Mr. Abel used the boiler again. L'e (Mr. Jordon) contended that Mr. Abel ought to have made more inquiries as to the fitness of Mr. Senior to make the examination. Mr. Abel in hisstatement before the inquiry,said that he had no experience of boilers and, therefore, he had left the matter in the hands of Mr. Senior, but he had evidence which showed that Mr. Abel had owned a steam fiat pre- viously, and., therefore, had some slight knowledge as to what was required. The fact of the boiler having exploded owing to being 'defective was presumptive negligence which the defence would have to meet and disprove. George Shott, engineer and surveyor to the Board of Trade, eaid that he was appointed to make a prelimi- nary inquiry for the Beard of Trade into the cause of the explosion on September 19th. When he made his examination he found that the combustion chamber had given way at the central stay, and the adjacent stays had also given way, and the whole of the fire box was forceJ upwards, and the tubes were forced through the front tube plate, fracturing the plate through the weak- it line of tubes. The central ,tay had corroded vert ranch at the rivetted head, and had been covered LI a plate patch. The plate around the stay was also corroded to , a great extent. The explosion was caused through the ' central stay being corroded at its head, and also the plate around it being corroded, which caused the plate to give way at that part, the plate not being able to withstand the pressure which was in the boiler,and which was 501bs, at the time of the explosion. He should say that the boiler was not fit for any useful pressure at the time of the explosion. The corrosion could only be de- tected by removing the patch. If a person had been employed to examine the boiler thoroughly, the patch would have been removed. No one cauld have examined the boiler thoroughly without removing the patch. The patch did not appear to have been removed when it had been previously examined. There was nothing else which could have caused the explosion. By Mr. Hope : He was present at the Board of Trade inquiry. He did not remember anyone say that the boiler was made of exceptionally good iron. The tubes appeared to be new. He made no examination of the engine. One of the stays appeared to have been recently filled in. The boiler as a whole was in a fairly good condition with the exception of the combustion chamber Mr. Howard Smith at his judgment at the inquiry said that having regard to Mr. Senior's long traiuing and experience Mr. Abel was justified in employing him as he did. . .

Peter Lowe. the plaintiff, said he was a water- man. On Septqnber 18th, his son was working for Richard Abel as engine driver on the flat " Amy." He had been working fur Mr. Abel about six weeks previous to his death. He was earning at the time ,about 30s. per week, and it cost about 12i. per week for his board and lodgings.—Cross-examined: Ile had previoualy earn- ed from 234. to 30s. per week when emplayed on the SI ip Canal previous to working for Mr. Abel. Ile w.‘s no employed continuously on the Ship Canal. He estimated that he had lost 18s. per week by his son's death. His 6on never had more than 2s. ed. per week pocket

money. Thomas Gibbons, the captain of the eat" Amy," said that he engaged Ralph Lowe on August 11th. The boiler had been examined by Mr. Senior before Lowe , worked for him. The pressure for the boiler showed 60 lbs. five minutes before the explosion,. Mr. Abel paid witness his wages, and he paid Lowe. He had not been told by either Mr. Abel or hi a clerk to engage Lowe.—Cross-examined : He was free to engage wholn he liked. He made his own arrangement as to wages which were paid. The boiler had been tested alter having new tubes put in on April 16:h and 100 lbs. to the square inch had been applied for ten minutes, and had also Pried a trial trip up the Ship Canal. No com- plaints had been made by Lowe with regard to the boiler. George Bate, engine driver, Runcorn, employed by the Manchester Ship Canal Coy.,said that eight or nine yea; s ago he was on board a tug called Eelfast,as aa engineer. Mr. Abel was the owner. He bad sever lseen engaged by captains on tugs, but only on coasting vessels. When he went on a tug as an engineer the firm engaged him. Mr. Hope said that he submitted that he had no Das* in point of law to meet. lie negligence on the part of his client had been proved. According to the report of the inspector of the Board of Trade, Mr. Senior was pronounced to be quite capable to examine the boiler. His Floneur, however, reminded Mr. Hope that it also said that he was incapable of determining the pressure and had never heard of such expressions as " factors of safety." Mr. Hope said that Senior was an old boiler-maker. He would, however, reserve all further remarks until the end of the case. David Morgan, fitter, lately in the employ of the Ship . Canal Company, said that in April last year he saw the ! boiler of the steam flat " Amy." He tested it by hydraulic pressure to 10Olbe, for ten minutes. It stood the teat satisfactorily. A few days at erwards he and Mr.' Abel and a company went on the SWF) C nal for a trip. The boiler pressure was then 60ibs. 'mere was no symptom of anything being wrong during the trip. Thomas William Dar well, Runcorn, engine driver, said he joined the " Amy " when Mr. Abel purchased her, and was on her Fir nine months. He frequently used between 60 and 651bs. pressure, previous to one of the tubes leaking. Fie assishiel Senior to repair the boiler. He corroborated the last witoess with regard to , the testing of the boiler. Ile again used the same pres- sure as previously after the fie, was again Put out as fit for further work. He drove the engine until mix weeks before the explosion took place. He left because of a dispute, not beeau-e he thought the boat was unsafe.— Cross-examined : He had been engaged be Mr. Abel. It was through a complaint of his that the examination by Senior was made. He told Mr. Senior, who was out of work, that if he saw Mr. Abel he might get the job of repairing the boiler, and that was how Mr. Senior came to get the job. Henry Branch, Weston Point, marine engineer and boiler maker, said that lie had known Seeior for four years, Koh had employed him from time he time to repair boilers and ships !whs. Ile was a very good workman, and anything thaz he had done for withess, he had always done it to his satisfaction. He WHA. competent person to put in a new set of tubes, and to repair boi;ets, and also to inspect the boiler, as to their material durability, but not to 6 the working pressure. j He was quit,: competent h) poi it out any defect in tile plate or stay.—Crns.i-examined : He could not say [het Senior was a Illa II to be engaged to give his opinion it:, to the 'fitness of toilers for work. -He would not employ him as a scientific in:ln.—Re-examined : He considered that Mr. Abel was illStifiea in calling in Senior to ex- amine the boiler. The case was adjourned until next Thursday.

ALL MOUSEIIOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked free of obarv.—J. and W. DurroN. Sankey-st., Warrington.—Adv WRINGING MACHINES.—GAELLND, Ironmonger, Warrnon. ALL lior we-roLD LrNEN, hemmed and marked, free o charge.-4. and W. DurroN, Saukny-st., Warnugtou.—eldvt

===== 0002601_18950316_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR

MOVEMENT.

MEF:TINGS AT RUNCORN. In Greenway-road Primitive Methodist Chapel, Run- corn, on Wednesday, the first Christian Endeavour convention in Runcorn was held. It was in connection with the Warrington and district union of Young People's Societies of Christian Endeavour, and the meet- ings were well attended. In the afternoon a conference was held, which was preceded by a brief devotional meeting, conducted by the Revs. T. Bramell and J. Stafford. In the absence of the Rev. E. T. Reed, of Warrington, the chair was occupied by the Rev. D. W. , Roberts of Warrington, and he was supported on the platform by the Revs. J. E. Roberts M.A. (co-pastor with Dr. McLaren), T. Bramell, J. Stafford, W. George, and Messrs. A. Mounfield and W. Higginson (Warring- ton). The societies represented at the conference were the Greenway-road EndeavourSociety,St. John's Presby- terian, Halton-road Wesleyan, Ellesmere-street United Methodist, Bethesda Congregational, and Deacon-road Church, Widnes. The Chairman said he thought they had got some good workers in the Christian Endeavour Movement at Run- corn, and th:i societies there, so far as he could gather, were prospering. He brought the greetings of the Warrington societies and wished those at Runcorn many happy returns of the day. He trusted that the year to come would be still more successful, and that their spiritual power would be deepened and that they might do a great deal of good. Proceeding to speak of Christian Endeavour aims ho said it should be clearly borne in mind that the society was not a mutual im- provement society or a debating society. It was not a society for people to air their own opinions and throw them down people's throats. Their society was for the building up of Christian character and teaching its mem- bers how to work for the Master. (Hear, hear.) He then proceeded to speak on the three aims of the move- ment,d welling more particularly on their desire to deepen spiritual life and the training of persons for Christian service. 1 The Rev. J. E. Roberts, president of the Manchester and District inion of the Y.P.S.C.E., delivered an ad- dress on " The Christian Endeavour movement, its prin. ciples and methods." He said the first anniversary ' marked the advance of the movement in Runcorn, and I also showed that one of the mottoes which had been hung up, that they were going forward was true. He hoped that they would go on and prosper. They only wanted a chance of stating what the Christian En- deavour movement meant in order to convert every- body to an enthusiastic belief in its principles and methods. Their principles were really contained in their motto "For Christ and the Church." That was the es- sence of its principles. Its first principle was to win and get young people for Jesus Christ. That was the endeavour it constantly set before its members. It was an organised effort to keep the young people for the Lord Jesus Christ. If they were not there already, to get them,and to keep them true to the pledge that they had taken. It rested upon a spiritual principle,and had a spiritual aitn,and trusted to spiritual methods. It did not despise culture or physical vigour and prowess. The society worked in connection with the church. It could not be a power without the church. It lived with the church and for the church, to help it in its work and try to strengtken it in the efforts it was making in the neighbourhood to spread the principles of Christianity. The great difficulty they had in forming a national society of Christian Endeavour was that they wanted it to be recognised that each society was part of thechurch with which it was formed. A pait of the Endeavour pledge was that the members would make a daily habit of reading the bible and praying. In the weekly prayer meeting they all took some part, and everyone was to be brief and to the point. It was because Christian people had not been taught to give testimony, that the church was weaker. In the Congregational, Baptist, and other churches they had had nothing to take the place of class meetings which were held in cennection with the Methodist churches. But the Christian En- deavour Class helped them to be able to give some sort of testimony relating to their Christian life. At the consecration meeting which was held monthly the re- sponse of each member to the roll call was taken as a renewal of their vow made on becoming an active mem- ber of the society. Their motto and pledge were closely connected. 'the society sought for the active and loving sympathy of the minister and the officers of the church. Any number of committees would be formed, but the three essential were t—rhe look-out committee which introduced new members ; the prayer meeting committee which took charge of the weekly meeting ; and the social committee which was to break down that iceburg feeling so frequent in their churches (applause.) He looked upon the Christian Endeavour Society, and he was an active member of it, as one of the greatest helps to spiritual life, and as a most useful agency for young people in connection with the church. He cordially and lovingly commended the movement to the sympathy of all those ,who had not joined it. (Ap- plause.) The Chairman then spoke on " The Look Out Com- mittee." It was a committee of vital import- ance and which should have very careful consideration. It was the door, by which mem- bers entered the society and the monitor by whom they were admonished. If the committee was efficient the society would be a power for good. The duty of the members of the committee was to be ever on the watch, nothing should escape their attention. A conscientious member must ever b., on the look-out as one who must give account .;)f the important charge committed to his care. The members should be zealous and wise in the performance of their duties. It was bettor to have a few earnest Christian members than 50 half-hearted mem- bers. Mr. Arthur Mounfield, of Warrington, spoke on " The Prayer Meeting Committee " and said too much atten- tion could not be given to .the prayer meeting. It was the life of the society, the common centre, the gathering In which the members strove to gain clearer views of truth and duty, and to gather inspiration for their work. He then explained fully the duties of the prayer meeting committee. Mr. Higginson, of Warrington, next read a paper on the " Social Committee." He said that the movement was one that had comet° stay, and they had dose well in England in welcoming a movement fraught with so much good and which was calculated to do so much for their yong people who were rising to manhood and womanhood. How to retain their elder Sunday school scholars had been a very difficult question for a long time but he believed that the Christian Endeavour Society was a successful attempt to bridge the gap between the church and school. Short testimonies bearing on the work of the com- mittees were afterwards given. Subsequently, tea was provided in the schoolroom when the ladies who presided at the tables were Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Kilcross, Mrs. Page, Misses Horton, Hex- worth, Shingler, Baker, E. Stables, E. Wright, Lunt, Wilson and H. Wright. After tea, some time was spent in social re-union.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ENENING MEETING.

The church was filled at the evening meeting. The Rev. J. Pulford Williams occupied the chair. After de- votional exercise bv the Rev. J. Simpson, a short report was delivered by Mr. John Wilson. He stated that the Endeavour Society in connection with that church was farmed on February 15th, 1893. Their aim from the beginning waist° get young men and young women con- verted to God. The first business meeting was held on April 1.9:11, 1893, and the membership then stood at 19 active members and 9 associate members. During the first year of their existence,the divine spirit was poured upon them in a most marvellous manner: at one meet- ing eight young people were converted to God and con- Untied in the faith to this day. At the end of the first year there were 42 active members and 34 assoaiate members. Since then other churches had formed socie- ties. The Wesleyan Methodist, Congregational. United Methodist Free Church,Presbyterian Church, and Gospel Mission, had now each a society and were doing a good work amongst their young people. Their report to the Warrington Cenvention this year was 37 active mem- bers, 32 associates, and 8 honorary members. During the society's existence 14 members had joined the church. The church was engaged in mission work and in trying to spread the gospel about them. During the present winter the society had aided this work in various forms and on one occasion they gave a free tea to a large number of poor children. (Applause.) The Chairman said that the Christian Endeavour movement was started by Dr. Clarke, of America. It was marked by success, and its future if mea3ored by the past was one whose influence would not only he felt in this country and the colonies, but would permeate the whole globe. There were three principles that com- mended themselves, namely :—decisioc, service, and deep spirituality. Ttiesociesy was sure to advance be- cause it was a spiritual one. Mr. J. T. Partihgton, of Chester, spoke on "The Model Constitution," which he stated had been carefully thoueht out hy the promoters. it had gained the ad- miration of all grades of Christian men, and -was found to meet all possible wants in connection with the asso- ciations. Some had said that the movement was going to set up a separate church, but this was not the case. Mr. T. Barton Davies, hon. secretary of the Chester and District Union, delivered an address on "The Pledge." The essentia, feature of the Endeavour move- ment, the fundamental principles upon which the whole organisation was based—the pledge indeed was the foundation upon which the whole structure of Christian Endeavour with its wonderful machinery of Christian activity was reared. The real danger the society had to fear was not that the pledge was too severe, but that it might be regarded too lightly, arid the responsibilities it imposed upon the individual with too great laxity. (Applause.) The Rev. E. T. Reed, president of the Warrington District Association, delivered an address on " Our spiritual aims." He said the movement from the be- ginning to the end was a religious movement. The groat aim and object of the society was to bring those who did mot know Christ into a living and vital union with Him, and to deepen the spiritual' life of those who did know Him. The members of the so3iety had one of the erindest works committed to them that it was possible to have, and lie urged them to be real and earnest in seeking by individual contact with the members, and

===== 0002601_18950316_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

FRIDAY. CYPRUS A BAD BARGAIN.

The House of Commons went into Committee of Sup- ply on the Civil Sevice supplementary estimates on Friday afternoon. On a vote for public education in Wales, Mr. ACLAND said the increase of average atten- dance, though steady, had been rather slow. He had nu doubt that the Free Education Act had largely drawn additional children to the schools, and he thought also that education was beceming much more generally ap- preciated in the country. On the vote on account of Cyprus, Sir C. DILE& said the people of the island were very miserable, and their complaints were loud and constant. He had no proposal to mak,l, as to what course the Government ought to take, and should not move a reduction, but should simply say no to the vote. Sir W. FIARIPOURT said the "speculation irt Cyprus" had been most unhappy, but as the British Government had assumed the government of the island they must do their best with it. They would not, however, be justified in doing more for the island than they were doing at p•tssent. At the evening sitting Mr. PROVAND moved a resolu- tion declaring that no system of taxation could be equitable unless it included the direct assessment of the- enhanced value of land due to the increase of popula tion and wealth and the growth of towns. Mr. MOULTON seconded the motion. Mr. KNOWLES said the proposal asked the House to ignore the findings of :he Town Holdings Committee. Mr. SHAW-LEFEVRE said he could not admit the authority of the Town Holdings Commit- tee to be of any great value. He heartily supported the motion, and said the Government hart every sympathy with the case Mr. PROVAND had made. The motion was carried without a division. MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. H. GARDNER in reply to a question gave the figures relating to the existence of rabies in the past six yea's. He said that practically the whole of the increase in 1894 had been in Lancashire and Yorkshire, and the agricul- tural department was in constant communication with those counties as to the measures necessary to bring them into a more satisfactory condition. Mr. ASRUITH, replying to a question, said he agreed that it ought not to be possible to institute prosecutions in such cases as that of the Leeds Sunday lectures, and the Government would look favourably on any well-con- sidered proposal for rendering the law more rational and less open to abuse. Mr. U. GARDNER, in answer to a question, said it was true that the value of butter, cheese, and eggs imported last year from abroad was very nearly £23,000,000. He would be very glad to do anything he could to encourage ' the supply of these articles by home producers. Reports received by the Agricultural Department showed that the largely increased attention which had been given to , technical instruction had resulted in a distinct improve- ' ment in the quality of borne produce. On the order to go into Committee of Supply on the Navy Estimates Mr. ARNOLD-FORSTER moved—" Tha this House, before voting supplies for the maintenance of Her Majesty's naval establishments, seeks an assur- ance that the estimates submitted to it with that object by Her Majesty's Government are based upon consideration of the needs of possible war by sea and land, and upon the consideration of advice tendered in that behalf by the naval officer selected for the conduct of the naval operations in case of war." He said he desired to put a stop to those perpetual scares which were a danger to the country and a disgrace to our naval organization. Sir G. CHESNEY seconded the amendment. Sir E. REED said the proposal was im- practicable. Sir C. MUM, in supportiug the amend- ment, said the Elartington Committee went a long way in the direction of this proposal. Mr. ROBERTSON (on behalf of the Government) said that the estimates had been based on nothing but the consideration of the needs of possible w.ir by sea and land, and that under the present system the First Naval Lord had in his own possession Wails of preparation, organization, and mobilisation, all conceived ssith a view to the needs of a possible war and nothing else, while, moreover, there was in existence a Joint Defence Committee, on which sat the chief official advisers of the Government on naval and military matters. Mr. ARNOLD-FORSTER desired, after Mr. Ronarersox's speecii, to withdraw his amendment, but objection was taken to that course, and the amendment was negatived without a division.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY. THE NAVY ESTIMATES.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday, in reply to Sir E. HILL, Sir W. EIARCOURT said he could not see that there was any possibility of exempting credit drapers from the liability to take out hawkors' licenses. The House went into Committee of Supply, and on the vote of officers and men of the navy Mr. BOBERTSON submitted the Navy Estimates for the year. He stated that the actual expenditure under the Naval Defence Act had been £22,241,000, and that all the seventy ships included in the programme were now either actually on service or ready for it. In the present year the Govern- ment were asking for 88,850 men, and the total asked for new construction was £5,393,642. Amongst the new works proposod were the breakwater at Portland, which was to on,t £700,000, a new mole at Gibraltar, costing also £700,000,a torpedo proof harbour at Dover, and an extension of the yard at Hong Kong. The programm. of works previously sanctioned by Parliament repre- sented ahroit, £4,500,000, and the new sthemes an addi- tional £4,200,000, making nearly £9,000,000. which the Government proposed to meet by way of loan. Lord G. HAMILTON considered that the Admiralty had in the statement and estimates laid before the House given an earnest of their determination to do their duty. In the debate which followed [Hr. Fortwoon passed some criticisms on some of the Government proposals. The first vote was passed at midnight, and progress was reported'.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the Rouse of Commons on Wednesday, a new writ was ordered for Bristol (East) in the new room of the late Sir J. D, WEsTom Mr. Crilly moved the second reading of the Boards of Guardians (Ireland) (Constitution and Powers) Bill, ex- plaining that its first object was to assimilate the mode of electing boards of guardians in Ireland to that adnnted for England by the Ldcal Governsnent Act, 1894. Mr. rowan secanded, and Mr. DUNBAR BARTON opposed,as did also Colonel SALINDERSON in the Course of a speech in which he declared that the bill would quad- ruple expenditure. Colonel SAUNDERSON was called to order while quoting an Irish newspaper which described Mr. MORLEY as poFsessing the cruelty of Caligula with the unbridled vices of Fleliogabalus. Mr. Mott Lay said he believed it was beginning at the wrong end to intro- duce bills for the improvement of local government in Ireland ; but so long as Parliament insisted on keeping Irish legislature in its own hands, he should support all measures tending to popularise local government in Ire- land. Mr.Betsona intimated that he would not oppose the second reading, which was carried without a divi- sion. A debate on the motion to refer the bill to the Standing Committee on Law was adj.dirnod at half-past five. The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, Amendment Bill was read a second time, and a hill in- troduced by Mr. LLOYD MORGAN to amend the criminal law procedure in certain particulars was road a first time. Sir W. Lawsmkr gave notice to move the reduc- tion of the money vote to the Navy in Committee of Supply.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons, on Thursday, Mr. Coca- RANH obtained leave to move the adjournment of the House, in order to call attention to the Swaziland Con- vention, tie contended that the Swazis had a right to rely on the observance of the guarantee of independence given in 1881. Mr. Buxzos said he believed the best possible protection had been given to the Swazis by the convention of 1894. After some remarks by Sir J. GORST. Sir G. BADEN-POWELL, Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT, and Mr. BALFOUR, the motion was withdrawn. On the motion for going into Committee of Supply (Army R:thnatrs), Mr. HANDURY moved that the mili- tary appropriations in aid paid by India, in addition to other payments which he specified. were excessive and unjust to that country. Sir R. TF.MPLE concurred, and Mr. CAMPBP.LL-RANNERMAN maintained that We had be- haved generously to India. Mr. S. Smith said the ho- position of the cotton duties had suddenly awakened a number or Lancashire members to the bad financial con- dition of India. The charge for non-effective services was much worse than even the member for Preston Was aware. After considerable discussion, Mr. Hits-BURY'S amendment was negatived by 88 to 25.

WARRINGTON RAGGED SUNDAY SCHOOL AND Ai resro N.

On Saturday evening last the committee provided another enjoyable evening for the children. Mr. Downs kindly lent the slides, while Mr. George came forward with the use of his lantern. There was an increase of attendance on Sunday after- noon. The "pleasant" Sunday evening was a crnAnt, success. There was a good attendance of children and their parents and friends. Mr. Smith took the chair, and was assisted by Mr. Stuart. of Livnrnool, who delivered a most stirring address which was listened to with rapt attantion. The choir rendered solos and choruses during the even- ing. Mr. Shetland, assisted by the committee, hns been very husy during tile last; two weeks distri- buting clothing to needy rases, and also providing suppers for the children of the school. The com- mittee are anxious that those who take an interest in this acork shimild pay the School a visit, to see the grand work that is being accomplished under very trying and difficult circumstances. The choir of the school has suffered a great loss this week, one of its members and most promi*ing singers has been taken from them. The little singer met with an accident and was burned to death, and the choir which is composed of the poor children wish to pay their humble respect to one whom they loved. On Saturday night Mr. Wood will giv t a limelight I'LL= SDatllanapton t.,; Egypt.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA "LITERARY AND SOCIAL."

INTERESTING LECTURE BY MR. W. HANDLEY.

A meeting in connection with Bethesda Literary and Social Class was held in the Lecture Room, Runcorn, on Tuesday evening, when a paper was given by Mr. William Handley, entitled " An Afternoon's Ramble," or " Norton and its Priory." In his opening remarks Mr. Handley expressed his pleasure at being enabled to show the practical sympathy with the werk of the class, which reminded him of the first Mutual Improvement Society of the town which claimed for its birthplace the room in Bethesda now known as the Organ Gallery, and many of whose members had since been known as pulpit and platform speakers. Referring to the innate curios- ity which leads men to travel about the earth in search of curiosities, regardless of the fact that some of the finest often lie close to home, Mr. Handley drew the at- tention of his hearers to the fact that within a short walking distance from Runcorn stands the famous Norton Priory, which was abundantly festooned with historical associations of the greatest interest. The now peaceful looking building surrounded by its leafy woods had echoed to the tumult of war and the tread of soldiery, and had also been the quiet haven of good and pious monks whose holy lives were spent within its pre- cincts. The history of the priory and its neighbourhood was mostly ecclesiastical and dated from the Saxon Heptarchy, when, it was recorded, Queen Ethelfleda founded an institution on the site of what is now Run- corn Parish Church. It was probable that from here the monks removed to Norton and established the priory which was richly endowed with lands, but at what date was somewhat uncertain though the remains stamped it as being Early Norman. Of the monks riot much was known, except that they practised the Chris- tian virtues and were the lawyers, sick-visitors, and teachers of the locality. Their patron saint was St. Christopher, the legends referring to whom pourtrayed him as the special saint controlling stormy seas and dangerous fords, and whose statue was still extant at the Priory. In 1423 the Priory became an Abbey and had its own Abbot. During the reign of henry VIII the king looked upen the religious houses of the country as being dangerous to himself and people and therefore determined to put an end to them. Then began a work of spoliation by the Commissioners ap- pointed by the Crown. The monks after strong resist- ance were driven from their happy, home at Norton and thus ended the ecclesiastical hist ,ry of the "Priory." About the year 1545 the house passed into the hands o: the Brooke family in whose possession it had remained ever since, and only upon one occasion, during the Civil War, had its tranquillity been disturbed. The present structure was built in 1780. A " Chester Chronicle "of 1839 recorded the fact than in 1839 Mr. and Mrs. Glad- stone spent their honeymoon at the Priory. In 1865 Sir Richard Brooke, discovered the old Norman doorway in an almost perfect condition and also the " God's Acre " of the Priory where the monks and abbots of long centuries ago had been laid to rest and round which with reverent hands he placed a fence. At the close of the meeting the Rev. J. Simpson on behalf of the class cordially thanked Mr. Handley for the treat he had provided for the delectation of his hearers, in reply to which Mr. Handley said it had given him great pleasure both to prepare and read the paper and if only he had managed to awaken a spark of inter- est in the antiquarian relics of the neighbourhood he would be amply repaid.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
lIECSBY.

FIRE AT PROSPECT VILLA.—A fire occurred at the residence of Mr. John Prica, Prospect Villa. Helsby, between six and ten o'clock on Tuesday evening. The occupants of the house were absent at the time, and the outbreak is attributed to a picture in the drawing room, having fallen and upset a lamp, which was smashed to atoms. A great deal af furniture was burnt.. On their return home they found that the fire, which was strictly confined to the drawing room, was almost sut, it having, fortunately, burned itself out. The loss is covered by insurance.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRA.VINU DOCK QUESTION AT RUNCORN.

THE CANAL COMPANY'S REPLY.

Mr. Whitworth, secretary of the Manchester Ship Canal Company has submitted for the consideration of the Runcorn Urban District Council, the pro- posals of the directors of the company relative to the graving dock question at Runcorn. These have not been officially made public, but we believe we I are correct in stating that with one exception, the I proposals are practically in agreement with the counter-proposals of the Rancorn Urban Council. The exception is with regard to the agreement at present existing as to the construction by the Canal Company of a graving dock. Tnis the company wish to shelve altogether whereas the Council pro- posal to waive it for five years. The proposals of the company are in effect that they will provide two ship repairing yards in the vicinity of Old Quay, one being where that of Messrs. Brundritt's existed, and the other on the site used by .Nlessrs. Speakman. These will be thoroughly equipped with steam appliaaces, &c., and certain charges will be made for their use. The slipways will be capable of accommodating vessels of about 150 feet in length. These will be in addition to the exist- ing graving dock near the bonded warehouse. The lay-by accommodation is to be extended to the extent of 650 feet, with a depth of 24 feet of water alongside. Connected with this will he a coal tip for the purpose of loading large vessels. The Com- pany will further erect the bridge over the Bridge- water Canal,at a point near the ( rane in Balton-road, the material for which has already been purchased by the District Council. It is also understood that the Company have promised that the repairing of their craft shall be done in this neighbourhood. These terms were considered at a special m.eeting of the Parliamentary and General Purposes Com- mittee of the Runcorn Council on Monday evening, at the Town Hall, Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P„ C.C., ; occupied the chair. There was a large attendance I of members, but the proceedings were, of course, of I a private nature. After the proposals of the com- pany had been read, a long discussion took place, the meeting being of a protracted character. 'several members objected to the entire waiving of the agreement as to the provision of a graving dock by the company, and as no definite decision ' could be come to, the meeting was adjourned for al week.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

SAD DROWNING CASEL—TIIR INQUEST.—At the Weaver Heel, Weston, on Tuesday morning, Mr. J. E. Warsley held an inquest touching the death of John Tyrer, a hoildermaker, 11, West View-terrace, Preston, whose body was picked out of the Ship Canal near Ellesmere Fort on Saturday. Mr. H. F. Neale,solicitor, Liverpool, watched the proceedings on behalf of the relatives, and Mr. Edward Williamson, of Messrs. Miller and William- son, Liverpool, appeared on behalf of the Manchester Ship Canal Pontoon Company.—William Tvrer identified the bode, stating that the deceased was his brother,arld he was 45 years of age. It was nine months since he ' last Raw him.—John Atherton, captain of the steam packet express,belnnging to the Salt Union, and residing at Winsford, stated that he was in charge of his boat in the Ship Canal on Saturday. When at Stanley Point, near Ellesmere Port, the screw of his boat brought up the body of the deceased. He took it on board and con- veyed it te Weston.—William S. Norman, manager of the pontoon at Ellesmere Port said that the deceased worked for the company about twelve months, He was a Ship plater. Witness was informed that the de- ceased was missing on th^ 19th December. Thee found his cap on one of the fenders of the pontoon. That was on a poasilie route coming ashore from his work. De_ I ceased had been working on a vessel in the pontoon. In : ng home from the vessel the deceased would go across a gangway on to the span of the pontoon, down the span and then across a jettc to the shore. He did not think there was any danger in crossing. The same mode ot crossing had been in use for over twelve months. There had been no accident at the pontoon be- fore. Thirty-six men and boys were employed on the pontoon. On the night of the accident it was blowing hurricane squalls. The men left off work at seven o'c'ock. Deceased WAR missed immediately and search was made for him. They came to the conclusion that he must be in the water, and grappling was commenced. He was of the opinion that the deceased must have got on the span. The pantoon was lit lin Ile accounted for the accident by the hurricane which prevailed on the night en which the deceased was drowned—p. C. Flammersley stated that on Saturday night the body was given into his charge by thc witness Atherton. Some of the clothing had been tern by the screw, othorwiss the body was clothed. The deceased's watch had stopped at 7.2. The face was almost smashed in.—A verdict of " Found drowned " was returned.

ANOTHER BODY FOUND IN THE SHIP CANAL. At b. 30 on Thursday morninp. the body of John Wood- house. 54 years of age. belonging to Ellesmere Port. and who was captain of the dredger Barry was found float- ing in the Manchester Ship Canal. The deceased was last seen alive on the 29:h of Deceintrr, when he left the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point. The night was very boisterous, and it is supposed that he fell into the canal when returning to the dredger which was lying in the Ship Canal, near Runcorn. Dredging operations have been carried on about the place where the Barry was moored, hot nothing was seen of the body until Thurs day morning when the attention of John Sullivan, mate of the dredger Irk, was directed by one of the men to a body floating near the port bow. 'They, lashed a rime around the body, and it was taken to so nuthol:: the Weaver Hotel, where it awaits as kquest.

abbtrtistintlits not elaAslfitti. WHITS WYANDOTTE EGGS, 2a. doz.—ALBERT HoL- royd, Upper Clough, Linthwalte, Huddersfield.

WANT—E-1), good MINERAL SKRVANT.—AppIy at 65, SMITHDoWN-110AD, Liverpool.

(AMC HUNDRED good second-hand and new ENGINES in N../ stock •' also Boilers, Tools, and other Plant, itc.i send for Catalogue. PI:LOMAS MITCHELL, Derby-street, B dton. TT --

ARDAWAy AND TOi'FING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Price list published twice daily durin% the season, contain- ing Intest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address.— LINCOLNSHIneI HANDICAP, GRAND NATIONAL, DERBY. Ac., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD. NO REPRESENTATIVES.

eI_ARDENES (Married). Seeks SITUATION ; experieneed in vines, fruit, flowers, and vegetables.—Apply, K. CHESHIRE. Wrockwardine, Wellington, Salop.

WANTED Situation as COACIIMAN,or Groom-Coachman, by experienced Married Man' aged 39 ; leaving thr gh death ; long and good characters from present and past ernployersi—J. MAIWASON, Highfield flail, Northop, Ylintshire.

‘V ANTSD. Situation as GROOM or helper. light weight, age 19. Good reference.—Apply G. HALLIDEN, Davenport Stables, near Bridnorth.

VURSE-MOUSEMAID and COOK-GENERAL wanted -for end of March ; must 1 e steady, trustworthy, and have good character ; two children.—Applv, stating wages and re- ferewes, to Kim MorraT, Rpriughead Huse, Keighley.

ENERAL SERVANT and young GIRL to assist,both must kfi have good ehxracter and be acaustuned to children.— Apply May. REID, 46 Lansdowne-read, near Withingtoa Station, Manchester.

NATANITD, GIRL as GENERAL; good character.—Apply to-day or to-morrow.—Tohicconsv, 14, Victoria Road, Plymow h Grove, Manchester.

ILK, 15f ILK, WANTED, Dairy of Milk.—Apply -I- MANAGER, 61. Kendriek-et., Seaforth. near Liverpool.

WANTED, Situation as GROOM by a young man age 19; knows his duties, light weight,leaving through death; good Character, R. Tnrimas, • Mill Cottages, Oakenholt, Flint.

EGGS FO HATCHING, Prize-strain White Leghorns, R Grand Winter layers, 3s. 6i. dozen.—Miss COOPER, Bishop's Farm, Oldberrow, Henley-in-Arden.

GGARDNNER (Head), age 31. di gentleman will be pleased to recommend J. L. Hammond to any lady or gentle- man requiring the services •I a thoroughly practical man ; six years excellent character.—Address J. L. Hamstottri,Holrn Hill. West Kirby, Cheshire.

EGISTRY OFFICE for Servants, Mrs. KENT, Main-it., 110 Frodsham. Warrington. Wanted Immediately several Cook-Generals, also an experienced Cook and Housemaid- Waitress. wages £l4 to £2O.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SliIP CANAL.

NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING AT SALITORTI . The barque Asia, with a cargo of logs from Mobile, arrived at Saltport at the beginning of the week. Part of the cargo is being sent to Warrington to be stored, whilst the rema.iuing will go on to Manchester. On Tuesday afternoon, three man in the employ of the Man- chester Ship Canal Co., at Saltport, were engaged in packing up drifting logs of timber, and wwre endeavour- ing to pull some away from opposite the tidal opening with the aid of a small boat. When within twenty yards from) the weir the oar broke. The tide at the time was running with great force, and the boat with its occupants was hurled against the wailings of the gan- trey which run over the weir. The men, immediately the boat struck, leaped out and succeeded in reaching the top of the gantrey in safety,but the timber was car- ried into the river,and the boat was overturned and also carried out. Beyond a slight shock the men were little the worse for the adventure.—A young man named Sweetman, mate of a flat belonging to the Manchester Ship Canal Co., also had a narrow escape from drown- ing at Saltport. He was removing a log of timber when his crowbar slipped and he fell overboard into the water. The tug Florida happened to be near at hand, and he was rescued not much the worse for the immersion.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRIN G TON.

FUNERAL OF A WARRINGTON PLUMBER. The funeral of the late Mr. Matthew Chorley,who had carried on the business of a plumber and glazier in Warrington for a considerable number of years, and who died at 133. Knutsford-road, Latchford, on Wednesday, after a long illness from bronchitis, took place in the Cemetery on Saturday forenoon. The service was read by the Rev. F. Slater, vicar of St. James' Church, Latchford. The mourners were Messrs. William Chorley and Thomas Chorley (sons) ; Mrs. Lythgoe, Mrs. Hayes, Mrs. Rimmer (daughters) ; Messrs. Lyth,goe, Hayes, and Rimmer; Matthew Chorley (grandson), William Chorley (grandson); Mrs. William Chorley, Mrs. Thomas Chorley, and Mrs. Heesome. The Gilbert Greenall Lodge of Freemasons, of which the deceased was a member, was represented. The funeral arrange- ments were satisfactorily carried out by Mr. Nor- bury, of Scotland-road. SCHOOL CONCERT.

A concert was given in St. P—et-e-r's school on Mon- day evening, in aid of the prize fund of the Men's Bible Class,of which .Mr.H.Taylor is conductor. There was a very large audience,who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the programme given by the following ladies and gentlemen :—The Misses Gill, May Jones, and B. Chantry gave violin and pianoforte solos in ex- cellent style. The vocalists were Messrs. Pearson, Reddish, J. Holbrook. H. Taylor, and Masters ! Sumner and Dickenson. Misses Armstrong and Pemberton and Miss L. Evans also sang and played exceedingly well. Mr. Whittaker was well received for his favourite concertina solo, and Professor Acton mystified the audience with his clever sleight- of-hand tricks. Mr. J. Roberts ably presided, sup- ported by Mr. E. Norman, A hearty vote of thanks to all who had taken part, closed a very happy evening.

BAPTIST MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. A paper on "Disestablishmeat" was read at a meeting of the Baptist Mutual Improvement Society, held in the schoolroom, Golborne-street, on Friday evening week. There was a good muster of members, and the chair was occupied by Mr. R. Miller. The essayist was the Rev. D. W. Roberts, who traced the rise and progress of the Established Church, and then proc,,eded to deal with the Church in Wales. He contended that the Church was an alien Church, that it was not attended by the Welsh people, and that its maintenance was an oppressive tia upon the poor Welsh farmers. An interesting discussion arose, the topic chiefly dealt with being that of disendowment. Several of the members did not se the justice of taking the endowments from the Church, but it was pointed out that the endow- ments were given for the benefit of the whole nation, fry! as the Church could no longer be e lrded as a national institution there could be pr rinnustic. in diverting its endowments too'' .•r uses. The following took part in the discussior !esQrs. J. A. Heywood, S. Rickers, W. Hickma . S. Green, W. Patrick, and the Chairman. es of thanks concluded the proceeding. THE PROPOSED CENTRAL POOR-LAW OF.VICES. The sub-committee appointed by the Board c f Guardians, namely Messrs. A. J. Jolley, George Pill- ing, Samuel Davies and William Hickman, o find a suitable site for the proposed central poor-law offices, met at the office of the Clerk to the Board (Mr. James C. Sutton), on Tuesday afternoon. There were also present the Town Clerk and Borough Sur- veyor. It may be remembered that the place sug- gested was Bank House, Sankey-st., with the land at the rear, which many membersof the Board con- sider most suitable. A discussion between the representatives of the Corporation and the Guar- dians took place, and the, site was afterwards in- spected. The sub-committee will report the result of their interview at a future meeting of the Board, and it is believed that if suitable terms can be agreed upon there is every possibility of commo- dious premises, which will include pay stations, i being provided n the near future tor poor-law purposes. The provision of such premises has been frequently discussed at meetings of the Board, and their erection on the site named would supply a long felt want.

SATURDAY NIGUT POPULAR CONCERTS. On Saturday evenine. the fourteenth concert of the season was given in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-et., the room being crowded. Mr. F. R. Roberts, M.A., L.L.8., presided. The programme commenced with a song, 0 Bonny Mary of Argyle," hy Mr. P. L. Riclnirdson, his voice being heard to advantage, and his rendition of the song earned for him a very warm encore, in response to which he sang "My Pretty Jane." He also sang ° Anchor's Weighed," for which be was encored, when he gave "Sleep, my lore, sleep." Mrs. Ather- ton sang "Calvary "and " Dolly's Revenge," and was heartily applauded. Mist Jeans was very happy in her songs" Needles and Pins "and " Cows are in the Clover," on each occasion being warmly ap- plauded. Mr. George Whitfield contributed two Lancashirerecitations, " Abreem o Flup's Courtin and weddin ' " and " The respectable mon," which which provoked much laughter. Mr. James Haynes was the humorist of the evening. He is very popular at these concerts, by his drollery, fun and wit, and he brought out the boisterous element of both old and voung,being recalled three times. Miss S. Hamilton Bradbury and Miss Ilryzcs were Liu)

;1-.0

===== 0002601_18950316_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Docron "Now, Johnny, put out your tongue, and let me see it." Johnny: "Well, I'd rather not. I've been walloped often enough for making faces at you behind your back." THE following appears in a small provincial paper: "The bridegroom's present to the bride was a handsome diamond brooch, besides many other beautiful things in cut-glass.'' "No, my son it is not always polite to tell a man what you think of him. It is safer to tell it to somebody else, and is just as effective in most

instances." FIN-Ism:No TOUCHES.—Snob: "I should like you to paint a few additional wrinkles on my fore- head." Artist: "Why ?" Snob: "To give a

more thoughtful expression to the face." NOT TO BE TRUSTED.—Judge: "You were alone in committing the robbery?" Delinquent : " Yes, your worship; you see, when you've got a mate YOU never, know whether he is honest or not." TOPER'S LOGIC.—" Am I to have another glass, or not? My head says 'No'; my stomach says Yes.' But my head is the more sensible of the two, and the more sensible party always gives in.

Ergo, I'll have another." - - "MAMMA, dear," said Janet, "at what time in the day was I born !" "At 2 o'clock in the morning." "And what time was I born?" asked Jack. "Not until 8 o'clock." "Ah 1" cried Janet," "my birthday's longer than yours." BARBER: You're getting frightfully bald sir." Customer (savagely) : "Well, I don't see how that concerns you. Barber: "Excuse me, sir, but it does. You soon won't have any hair left

to cut, and then I shall lose a customer.''' MA: "Did you say, Jimmy, that Uncle Joe took you to the circus to-day ?'' Jimmy: "Yes." Ma: 'Well, now, tell me: what was the most surprising thing you saw there ?" Jimmy : "Our cook coming in with the butchers's man.' "I THINK I will take a holiday the nest three weeks," remarked the secretary and treasurer of a private company to the chairman thereof. "But you returned from one only two weeks ago." " True ; that was my holiday as secretary; I wish to go now as treasurer." WHIPPED CREAM.—" Oh! the charming little dear !" exclaimed a gentleman addressing a lady acquaintance, who was taking a walk with her young hopeful, aged eight. "Is he not ?" said the lady. "Besides, he is very good; in fact, he may be said to be the cream of little boys." "That's why I am whipped so often !" interposed the young urchin, pouting his lips. A STERN INJUNCTION.—Judge : "As it has been clearly shown that you are not identical with the person charged with the robbery, the Court declares that you are acquitted. There has been an unfortunate mistake, but be careful for the future, mind! Next time you won't get off so easily." THE HEAD Boss.—Father: "Now, Fritzchen, wouldn't you like to be a captain and order people about like uncle does ?" Fritzchen (ruminating) : "Oh, no. I think I know what I should like." Father: " Well?" Fritzchen: "I'd rather be mamma, and make you and uncle and everybody do as I wanted them."

MANAGER ; "I am greatly disappointed in your acting, sir. You have completely ruined my new play by your cold and wooden performance in the love scenes? Leading Man (angrily) : "Then why in thunder do you have a leading lady who eats onions ?" PLAINTIBT and defendant in an _action-at-law

- _ have been compared to two men ducking their heads in a bucket, and daring each other to remain longest under water. A SMALL damsel of twelve, who disliked boys, wrote an essay upon them in which she said: "If I had my way, half the boys in the world would he girls and the other half would be dolls." Yoram LADY (to young man) : "I see by the newspapers that monkeys are dying of influenza." Young Man (thoughtlessly) : "yes, and it came mighty nigh killing me." FairrrEE : "What makes you so extravagant with my money ?" Son: "Because I didn't think you would like to:spend it yourself after working so hard for it." IT MAKES A DIFFERENCF..—" HOW much did you say this was ?" " Three-and-six." "That's a big price, isn't it?" "Oh, no, I assure you; the drugs are very costly." "But lam a druggist myself." "Oh, you are? Well—of course—tonr- ,pence ! " • PRISONER.: "Yes, your Worship, it is true that I was intoxicated last night; but I can explain all :if your honour will give me a little time," His Worship: "Ten days." MISS ETHEL (confidentially) : "Do you know, Clara, that I had two offers of marriage last week ?" Miss Clara (with enthusiasm) : Oh, lam •delighted, dear! Then the report is really, true that your uncle left you his money ?" AN UNKIND HUSBAND.—Mrs. Jenks: "Do you know, I always look best in calicoes ?" Mrs. • Thorpe: " Who told you so?" Mrs. Jenks: "My husband." COMMENDABLE DECEPTION. Mrs. Grymes : "Why did you tell Johnny that it would make his moustache grow to wear a piece of court-plaster op his lip ?" Grymes : "He can't whistle while testing the matter." "I LIKE to see a man think a good deal of his home," said old Mrs. Jason "but when he stays out al , l night to brag about happy a home he has, I think he is carrying his affection a little too far." AN ASTUTE MAN.—" How does Tankins manage to keep up his extravagant mode of living ?" "He has credit." "How did he get it?" "By pre- tending to be worried almost to death over the income-tax." "Well," said Jack, "what's the use of being 'Urn before it's time to get up?" THAT JEWEL OF A GIRL. —Mrs. Barkington (from the depths of the pantry) : " Delila what have you done with that salad I made yesterday ?" Delila (the new girl) : "Sure, mum, I threw it out; it had turned sour." BEGIN AT HOME. Mrs. Suffrage: "It's woman's highest mission to correct the crying evils of the time." Mr. Suffrage (mildly) : "Then hadn't you better spank those twins and put them to bed before they yell the roof off ?" "YES, sir, 'every heart knoweth its own bitter- ness.' There's G-- who just passed us; did you notice his melancholy look?" "I did. Has he had some great grief ? ' "He has. He bought on the instalment plan a handsome present for a lady to whom he was engaged. She jilted him a week ago, and he has still two instalments to pay on the present. If that isn't a great grief I don't know what is I" A NEIGHBOURLY HINT.—Mrs. Suburb: "Why in the world don't you grease that lawn-mower of yours ?" Neighbour's Hired Man : " The missals told me not to till you had your planer tuned." Too LATE !—The other day X--, the Bohemian, on receiving some money from a rich uncle took it into his head to square off some of his most pressing debts. He first called at his tailor's and heard that the poor man had just died. His widow, all in tears, desired to know the visitor's errand. "I have come to pay mx bill," he simply replied. "Ah !" sobbed out the widow, "if my poor husband had only lived till this morning, the shock might have bronght him round." COULDN'T ADVISE HEIL—She threw herself into a chair, and wept miserably. "1 don't know " She wrung her hands in desperation. "—whether to g•-) I,tek to m•inina or k-k-kill myself." The man with the large neck put his feet on the table, and smiled. "My dear, he observed, "I really would not like to advise you on so c:ose a question of preference." SOMEBODY ELSE. —Kathleen had been put out to service, and Mrs. Berry liked the rosy face of the young Irish girl. One day Kathleen was sent on an errand to town. She was longer than usual, and Mrs. Berry stood in the Torch as she came through the field. Kathleen was happy, and Mrs. Berry observed: " Why, Kathleen, what a rosy, happy face to-day! You look as if the dew had 'issed you." Kathleen dropped her eyes and murmured: " Indade, mum, but that wasn't his .name." "You are accused of having committed forgeries all over the country under the names •-bf Scholz, Miller, Meyers, et,.., and none of these names is yours by rigut," said the judge to the prisoner. Prisoner: "Why, judge, you do not suppose that I would allow my own holiest name to be used in connection wit'. e: Leh swindling transactions, do you ? "

===== 0002601_18950316_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
labxwAN cuia

I(NO ,VN AS RFN, JOSEPTI HOLM.F.S' MEXI- CAN Prz,s3r,lptien. the liemedy or all thosev ho sliffer trot the vveakiieesl. exhatioteti L.; and k ilOrial complaints, and ha?, ,t( • Ara. :Semi self-actdrelsed stea,2F.: If 01". M s' TilTi•omsl,l,ry eo of c10r,v),7

. prosta teti (..• too J•)-.-rH • Blerr • ',ury

===== 0002601_18950316_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

The approaching retirement of the Speaker ante- dates the period at which it was understood he would lay down the office he has filled for ten years with so much dignity and success. It would be erroneous to say that his task in the chair has been more difficult than that of his immediate predeces- sor,for his predecessor had to preserve order during the long and bitter struggles of the Irish members for the recognition of their principles, when they were still a small but compact band of Ishmaels waging nightly war against Beitish administration. If the sessions have of late years been longer, the hours during which the House has sat daily have, under the new rules, been much shorter; and, in- stead of what was the nightly practice under his predecessor of the House breaking up at three,four, , or five o'clock in the morning,it is seldom now that 'it sits till one. But Mr, Peel has had the arduous task of putting the new rules in operation and of administering them. The old courtly courtesies of debate have disappeared. The tone of the House is not only changed but lowered, and be has had to rule it with a firm and sometimes with a high hand. He has filled the chair in a manter to make his tenure of the Speakership historical,and he will re- tire from his position with the respect of every political party in the House.

If it is a merit for an ex-Chancellor of the Exche- quer to die poor, Lord Randolph Churchill may tairly be said to deserve that praise. No doubt, in leaving personalty to the gross value of seventy-five thousand nine hundred and seventy-one pounds he proves himself to be a richer man than rumour lately made him. But he has not, by his official position, added to his wealth. The sum his father left to him was nearly as large as that which he devises to Lady Randolph for life, to his children afterwards, and, in the event of their death, to ths Blenheim Estate, from which some have thought his father should not, under all the circumstances, have withheld it.

Lord Randolph Churchill was supposed by his admirers to have inherited the mantle of Lord Beaconsfield. Ile has come strangely near to his master in the amount of his gross personalty. Lord Beaconsfield's was proved at seventy-six thousand six hundred and eighty-seven pounds; but the debts to be deducted were exceptionally large—larger than Lord Randolph's are likely to be—some thir- teen thousand pounds. Lord BRaconstield also might be said to die a poor ex-Cbancellor of the Exchequer; for, though his patrimony, was com- paratively trifling (Isaac Disraeli's personalv was twelve thousand pounds), he had a large legacy from Mrs. Brydges Willyams, had larger cheques than the "Daily Graphic's" from Longmans for " Lothair and Endymion," and a large bequest from his wife.

A specimen of the white or square-mouthed rhinoceros (rhinoceros rims), now a practically ex- tinct mammal, has just arrived in LDndon, and is being modelled by Mr. Rowland Ward. It was shot in Zululand by Mr. C. R. Varndell. In Gordon Cumming's time the animal was common.; but the natives of south-east Africa (owing to the excep- tional quality ot the meat) have slaughtered it in large numbers, and the white man, in his unceas- ing rush for gold, Las helped still further to exter- minate it. It is a gigantic pachyderm, second only in size to the elephant.

Mr. Carvell Williams has been most unkrtunate with the Burials Bill. By putting down a motion to refer the Bill to the Standing Committee on Law he has put himself in the hands of his Litterest op- ponents. He was able to get this order discharged, but he cannot, unfortunately, by the standing orders of the House, as far as I can gather, replace his bill in the ordinary pr,sition of a bill standing for the Committee stage except by a special motion. When Mr. Williams attempted to make this motion it was promptly objected to. It is not unlikely that there may he no way out of this dilemma. One result is to deprive Mr. Williams of the right of pre- cedence for the Committee stage of this bill on Wednesdays after Whitsuntide.

Speculation has arisen in scams quarters as to whether Lord Queensberry will be entitled to plead the privileges of the peerage in the prosecution against him at the instance of Mr. Oscar Wilde. Lord Queensberry is not charged with an offence which constitutes felony, but with one which con- stitutes a misdemeanour. This being so, his pri- vilege of peerage will not apply. Had the offence with which he is charged amounted to felony, he would have been entitled to claim trial before his fellow peers. As Parliament is in session the Lord Chancellor would have had to preside, and the case would be decided by the verdict of the majority of the peers. This verdict would not be given, as in the case of an ordinary jury, through the mouth of a foreman, but each peer would declare his decision upon his honour and in presence of the open court, The judgments of "guilty" and 'not guilty "would be collected, reckoned up, and the numbers an- nounced as in &parliamentary division in the tipper House. All this, however, will be unnecessary, as Lord Queensberry's offence comes under the humbler class of misdemeanour. The proceedings will go on as in the case of the humblest commoner, unless, indeed, his Lordship chooses to wear his hat in court, which as a peer he is entitled to do. It is 54 years since a peer was raied for felony, an inter- val long enough to give such a trial nowadays the , character of a new sensation.

The London County Council on Tuesday com- pletely eclipsed the meeting of Parliament in in- terest. The Moderates might have had one of the three chairmen, but they would not take him by way of compromise, and they got none. They brought forward the Duke of Norfolk as a rival candidate to Mr. Arthur Arnold for the office .of chairman, and were beaten, as they knew they would be, by the votes of the non-retiring alder- , men—who are all Progressives. They made a stand also for the vice-chairmanship, and lost; and after an ineffectual attempt to postpone the election of the deputy-chairman, they divided the council on this office also, and were defeated. A compromise Was come 10 with reference to the filling up of the seats of the nine retiring aldermen, whereby each party elected four and the ninth was elecled by common arrangement.

Mr, Worth, the dressmaker, who died on Monday night, was one of the world's great men. His sway was accepted wherever a French dress was worn; although he was a Lincolnshire man. Ile made for all the Courts of Europe, and for the most thickly- gilded ladies of the United States. He cleared on an average eleven thousand pounds by supplying dresses to a certain Fifth Avenue lady. When money was plentiful in the United States, the al- ways interesting Paris correspondent of the "Daily News" tells us, every dress he furnished Co a Royal lady to be worn at a Biwkingbam Palace Drawing Room of the Queen brought telegram orders from all parts of the States where be had customers.who left him their measure of corsages that fitted them exactly.

Worth " suggestionised," and went on a track of his own. On days on which there were to be Court dinners or other functions, ladies who had oriered gowns for them came to him to be dressed. First come, first served ; but there was a wait- ing room with choice refreshments—a very necessary arrangement, for a fair customer might have to wait seven or eight hours. As he liked to mould the figure, be detested padd- ing. Re was a despot, and these who submitted to his despotism paid heavily for it. A plain black silk gown, worth, in regard to the cost of stuff, seven or eight pounds, would cost at Worth's forty pounds, but it was admirably cut, and had style. In five years, 80 rapidly did his business grow, he had six hundred workmen. 1; d had eight hundred and seventy when he died. lie had to buy the whole of the establishment in Rue de In Paix, and then another equally large house in a less leading street for his workroom. There was no better employer than Mr. Worth. He paid liberal wages all round, and was kind and even generous to those in his em- ployment who fell ill. He went direct to the menu- lecturers for all his stuffs.

CARTER'S LITTLE I wow r 7. LIVER PILLS.

. TEETH daily On the tooth few dsups ot 7ONT,

Cure Sallow t_ Sick Heal

Cleanses the teeth-and spaces oen them aanothing else Bonnd and pearly white , rosy lips, and fragrant ;h 9`ln'a 2a. 42.

and cure cgay,

-,`" aki, Small Does. • , Ise Small NIL ailiifthinipFUL v,...1'4., Ar . • ;i LI all Price. brush a feN ~' ej . ITTLE Forty ie a SOZODt ;,..1.10 tVER viaL A '[LS rarelyVege- tke pleseantest dentifrice , world. L........... table. , , Torpid Liver, Bile, bet. Complexion, and will. Wadies promptly : teeth, , them co fig to stly brcatl. ... ... .... .4. 41,-4 L.Jib I.Dr 5L).Z.'...:1.)GL:7..

===== 0002601_18950316_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 16. 1895.

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

I am awfully glad to tell you that blouses are going to be worn as much this spring as ever, and ft is not too early to begin to get ready for the brighp days which must be coming. Large patterned wool capon is likely to be the favourite material until thinner fabrics can be worn. A pretty and useful blouse for dull days is of coarse harkpatterned °ripen in a warm, but not too bright, shade of red, the small pointed yoke being of satin of the eamo colour covered with thick black lace, and edged with a close box•pleated ruche of inch-wide black satin ribbon. The belt is of widzr ribbon with a large jet buckle, the Gaiibaldi sleeves are finithed with ribbon, and a band of the same passes sound the throat and is tied at the back in a smart bow with outstanding loops. This blouse might be worn with a skirt of any black material from serge to silk,

Another very pretty costume is made of rifle. green cheviot serge, the skirt and cleat strapped and stitched, and finished with buttons to match. The coat will look best with a separate and pro. perly fitting wabtcoat, made of warm lining, with fronts and collar of the serge, just like a man's waiscoat. I know some people think it saves trouble to simulate the waistcoat by joining it into the side seams of the coat, but this plan is really far more treablesome and seldom successful. The stiff shirt front may be either wiAto or pale pink, with a pink tie, and the smart little toque has a 'white satin crown, covered with jetted net, and a folded brim of rote pink vriTet, caught with a tiny jet or crystal buckle in irons, and finished with a jet ornament. Odd piecee of satin or brocade come in bcaut;fully for crowns, end may be embroidered with the j,t if preferred- Ihis 'Li Vll3 of the very daintiest toques I have seen, and I meet describe it to you. The full crown verse of marigold velvet, embrotdered with small jet paillettes, and the brim of black velvet with a jet buckle in front, two little black tips curling softly over the crown lib the side, and a large cater, or rather spray, of dark violets aid leaves resting on the hair at the back. T e violets harmenised well with the velvet and the dress, which was of a pansy shade; but if a blue dress is worn the violets must be relinquished. Black silk holds its own, and appears on nearly every chapeau, while bright rosapink vies with the übiquitous violets for populazity. I have seen a geed many roses about, but they are Dot spree- Priate to the season, but the moderate sized °hoax rosettes are much prettier. Fashions are just now dreadfully slack, and Isbell lime to wait till the spring things come in before I can give you sny idese es to bail.

For a little girl of six to 10 t i 3 is a simple little frock, Just a simple little sku out in two parts, lined throughout and trimmed •,,,;th a band of silk or velvet. To this is sewn the ro.) ld bodice, which has the material arranged foil over the lining in front, the book being quite plain and fastening with buttons. The neck is fizished with a collar of silk, and a sash of the same Is tied round the waist.

Do you know a dish called npricob fancies? It Is very easily made hut wry delicious. Place in a glass dish six or ?nor:, email round sponge cakes, nicely moisten them with the syrup from apricots preserved whole, diluted with a little sherry; on the top of each c:ica place a preserved apricot, and over the whole spread an icing, prepared from proper icing sugar mlxod with the white of an egg ; this will set tirat, and h a great attraction to little people. Pieserved fruit, is exo3llent for this dish.

Yours lovingly. JENNxn.

About seven and a-half millions of tons of coal are annually consumed in London. Eight hundred and thirty-eight pairs of corsets for men were raade by one firm in England last year. Wives are bought and sold in China. Twenty years ago the average price was five pounds. Now it is fifty pounds, and parents, realising that there is a fortune in a family of daughters, strangle fewer of their female children at birth.

In Vienna a ssrvant girl is not permitted to climb on the window-sill to clean windows without a safety-belt and rope attached to it which fastens to the building, so that in case she should slip or lose her balance she is sus- pended in safety, and can be drawn back into the window.

Noticing a friend's windows the other day, how bright and clean they were, I most anxiously inquired how they had been cleaned, as mine had been lett two weeks owing to the frost. She said, " I use a rag dipped in paraffin oil—nothing else ; and,what is better, the windows are never frozen after." This I have since found to be perfectly correct. The jumping-jack is by no means an invention of to-day, for the early Egyptian children had it among their playthings. In the Leyden Museum there is a capital little figure of a man working away, even as a currier or a baker. There is a sloping block nefore him. You pull the string and the figure moves, the hands keeping on the slope of the block. Mr. Story, the sculptor, who began life as a lawyer, tells a good anecdote which illustrates the fact that the emphasis which punctuates has as much to do with de- termining the sense of a sentence as the meaning of the words. Once, when he was called upen to defend a woman accused of murdering her husband, he adduced as one of the proofs of her innocence the fact of her having att&ded him on his death-bed, and saying to him, when he was dying, "Good-bye, George !" The counsel for the prosecution declared that ought rather to be taken as a proof of her guilt, and that the words she had ußed were, "Good, by George !" The frowsy old feather bed of our infancy has so com- pletely, gone out of favour that it is hardly, necessary to place one more stone on the cairn of abuse already raised over it by doctors and nurses. If the springs are not adopted, a couple of thick mattresses one of horsehair and one of wool, will stake as soft a Led as anyone need wish for. Never place abed against the wall of,a new house. , The damp i& certain to come out sooner or later. If the room is draughty, utilise screens, which are far more healthier than the out-of-date curtains. They form, besides, an excellent shield from the .light in sum- mer, and always add to the artistic appearance.

How to Find Sleep. America is always finding out new ways of doing old things. How to get sleep is a question which has had many answers, from washing one's band to picturing sheep jumping over a hedge, but an American doctor fairly opens our eyes by his recipe for closing them, and falling into the arms of Morpheus. He asserts that the would-be sleeper was simply to lessen the supply of oxygen to the lungs. This produces slight asphyxia, the heart and the circulation become calmer, the brain loses the exciting pewer which has worried it and kept it active, and sleep follows as a matter of course. How can we limit the supply of oxygen,/ In two or three ways. We can throw the bed clothes over our heads and breathe confined air. It is true that is is not a good to take this carbonic acid into the system, but we do not , long remain covered up. We instinctively throw off the cover when we are asleep. The same object can be ob- tained by burying our faces in the pillows. The author of this method points to the dog and cat in support of the correctness of his statement—" How do these animals prepare for sleep ? " he asks. " They turn round Pnce or twice, then settle down with their noses buried in their furry coats. Imitate them." The method is decidedly original, but does it not belong to the kill or cure treatment ?

How, the German Emperor was Married : Singular Statements. .

The brilliant writer-7--;:-AU-icdotal Europe" gives the following piquant particulars of aril episode in the life of the present Kaiser. He says that a clause in the new law against the Socialists, which renders it illegal to discuss marriage from the subversive point of view, has raised a hornets' nest about the Emperor's ears. " Candidly speaking, one cannot but say,' Serves him right ! ' With such a mother and two such grand- mothers as his, he ought to have considered twice before hampering women in their crusade against the domes- tic tyranny of the German autocrat by courtesy called a husband.' We will leave Queen Victoria out of the debate, inasmuch!as her influence ever her grandson was never directly exercised until he had reached a man's estate, but we are not prepared to be equally re- ticent with regard to his mother's and parental grand- mother's influence. But for these two true and good women, Emperor Wilhelm might not be alive to-day ; his fate might have been that of Rudolph of Hapsburg; in other words, be might have become the victim of some abominable intrigue, which if it had not ended in midnight assassination,would haveleft him unfit to com- plete the noble task bequeathed to him by his grandfather and father. For there was a time when the young Prince was very near falling into the trap laid for him by an adventuress; there was a time when he bounded into his father's room and announced his intention of foregoing his prospective inheritance—the imperial crown—of re- tiring into private life, and of marrying an opera-singer. If my memory does not play me false, her name was Carlotta Groesi. The father sat absolutely thunder- struck ; not so the mother. In spite of the lateness of the hour, she simply put on her bonnet and cloak, and five minutes later she was seated by the side of her father-in-law, who had already retired to bed, and told him everything. Next morniug Prince Wilhelm was shown an album containing a dozen portraits of German Prin- cesses, and given half-an-hour to make choice of a wife. It is said that he refused, and told his mother that she could choose for him. The Crown Princess took her son at his word, with what result all the world knows : the chose a sensible,domesticated German Princess. one who was not likely to protest much against the young Prince's somewhat autocratic disposition, who has made him an excellent wife, through whom Germany is perfectly secure with regard to succession. The Empress of Ger- many is perhaps not an ideal woman,but she was chosen by a woman who had never know the galling yulte of of matrimony as it is understood by Germans in general. For that alone, the German Emperor should not curtail discussion of the marriage tie on the part of the en- lightened women in his empire."

~.‘,., ,i • , ; ,c.'<' ''*-4 1',,,.:.• ..,, %\4" c j '":•''. •sq ,' 44'7,7,..!•;;5,%. ev, 4 4 ',,i! ‘.. • f; -, t?,4\',\\ • \ka i• tAr 4, ~.. \ \ ,V, ": a 1, ,i,,,:ule-,A,,. „4 , I'i' ~ .; 0,!„,..A.>, .4 t.),6. ''..e'...;--,,,. -, • -; rc•V ' . ,'..".. ", gr , •. - , ig, ' ' ''' '''.4' ''' •'''''' ' ' NI II /', ; .1 ' • ''''; • # / //II q"' ' / I 14 . //11,V I/1 / , (.', 1 ' - ,'''' • V., 41 . 1 „ I" ..: •••,: , • Z / ,/ •

S,. •si_cl.7,:','' ~,,,„,„ ~.' i• 'ii:.*-7.'/%'7":??.1:14/ 41y ~:.,„4: iii-ri0,22.,,,,,-z.e;sr3/4..-_,1:".."0 4 „,,,,,, „ ~,„„:„.„:„, <„, ~,,,...„,„ , ~..,....„..,, , ~, -..._ ••,-;C-,,,A-:,, %*,:' ‘;`l•.‘?.. 1: *St; ~.....7 4," 0,713-, -,-_---1,-,:r•„5-, .O.T, :i, ~, ‘ • 4.'344 1, - 4,,.•-e,y ....„--; .•,--___.--,- , - , ~*".''''''';,•-.. .------LR4'.'''l-------'---' --------- - ;W. leg' :l•-•-

! / . / ' I\l <,•, 1... , " , IA .....: II i (0 I/II ~.t...., 44$ (\\ ~.!--, -4• i! ,'

===== 0002601_18950316_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNEMPLOYED.

The Parliamentary Committee on the Unemployed met on Monday to consider the draft interim report prepared by the Chairman (Mr. Campbell-Bannerman). The re- port referred to the evidence already placed before the Committee with respect to London, stated that the Corn- .nittee did not feel qualified at this stage of the proceed- ings to make any specific recnomendations. and sug- gested that the Committee should continue its invest iga. tions. A number of amendments was proposed, includ ing a motion for the rejection of the report, but ultim atelv it was agreed to without any material alteration

and Lumbago.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR;

Br LAURA JEAN LIMEY,

Author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," "Floribere Lover," etc., etc.

• CHAPTER IX. A PINE LOOKING COUPLE. Doris, almost fainting from excitement, stood fairly rooted to the pavement while the phaeton whirled past.

A lady and gentleman walking directly in front of her turned and. looked admiringly after the

natty ecluipage and its handsome occupant& "A remarkably fine-looking couple," she heard the gentleman remark. And in answer to the lady's question if he knew them he replied: "'there are very few New Yorkers who do not.

She is the 'daugler of a wealthy gentleman who lives somewhere in the suburbs. She's only a school-girl as yet. Home just now on a vacation from boarding•school, understand., Her com- . . .

panion is Banker Thornton's sou. I had it from his own lips yesterday that the rumour floating about is perfectly true. He is soon to marry Miss

Courtney."

Without pausing to hear another word, Doris turned like one who had been dealt a sudden death.-

blow, and fled pr:cipitately down the street. There was a small park at the end of it, which she entered, and flinging herself down on one of the benches, sobbed as though her heart would break. Then she dashed the tears from her eyes, and laughed aloud, and the sound of that wild laughter startled her.

"He is soon to Mary Miql Courtney 1 That is what the gentleman said 1" she cried, putting the shining hair back from her flushed, tear-stained face. For one little minute I almost believed it,

It is utterly impossible, absurd Why, he could not marry her, for he is married to me. No one else could claim him. No one else has a right by his side." .

She wondered if she should have called out to him. All her pride rose up and answered, "No I"

"What do other wives do when their husbands forsake them?" she muttered, below her breath.

"I have heard of such things, but I never quite believed a husband who took the trouble to marry a young girl would heartlessly, deliberately desert her. I never dreamed that would be my fate. I never thought what those wives did. Oh! if I had a mother to go ta— a sister to sympathise with me. It is more bitter than death to be all alone in the cold, cruel world."

Sitting there, listening to the falling, splashing water of the fountain, the thought occurred to her again as to what she should do—where she should go. She could not sit in the park much longer— already the policeman patroling the grounds was commencing to eye her sharply. She might walk through the crowded streets until night set in—but where could she go after that? She was quite too dazed to think. Slowly she arose and moved toward the entrance gate.

For long hours Doris paced the streets of New York until the dusk began to'gather and the great electric lights were lighted. At length the strength of her limbs seemed to fail her: glancing up, she found herself standing before the entrance of the same park in which she had sat that morning. She tried to reach the bench by the fountain. She took one step within the enclosure; then, with a little faint cry, she threw up her hands and fell, face downward, on the gravel walk in a dead faint. In a moment the same policeman who had watched her so furtively that morning hurried to her side. "Poor child," he muttered, "so young and so fair. lam sure she is a stranger in New York. It would be a deed of mercy to take her home with me and let Ellen attend to her." And without further ado Doris was conveyed across the way to the patrolman's humble home. When Doris opened her eyes she found herself lying on a chintz covered settee, and a kind, motherly face bending over her, and the look of puzzled wonder deepened in Doris's pansy blue eyes. • "You fainted, my dear at the park gate, and my husband brought you here," explained the little woman. "You have been here all night. Your friends will be greatly worried over you, I fear." "Friends I" repeated Doris, drearily. "I have no friends here ; not one." "Where are you stopping ?" asked the patrol- man's wife, gently. "lam a stranger in the city; I just came here," answered Doris. "Did you come to New York to find work, poor child ?" asked the womn. Doris raised her eyes to the plain, kindly face. " I—l have had a great trouble," she said—" so great that it has blotted everything else out of my mind. I quite forgot to think out the great problem of life—what lam to do." "Pool- child,!" sighed the woman, "you have had a great trouble, and you so young. You can't be much over seventeen, I'm sure." , "Just a few months past,' said Doris, wearily. "I have a daughter, my dear, so much like you, fair of face, with shining golden hair. She has married and gone away out West, far away from us, and you touch my heart because you are like her." "Married 1" repeated Doris, bitterly. , loved her why did you let her marry?—" The patrolman's wife laughed a cheerful little ' laugh. "Why did she marry, my dear? Why, because she loved her husband. Heaven intended them for each other, or they would not have wed." "Does Heaven always intend the two who marry for' each other?' asked Doris, breathlessly. "To be sure, my dear," replied the woman, wondering at the question. "But supposing, by any chance, people find out they have made a mistake in marriage—that they have married the wrong person—what do they do then ?" Do, my dear?" replied the good woman in wonder. "How do you mean ?" "How do they remedy the mistake?" ,Doris asked. "Do many men desert their wives I"

"If you

• "Oh, dear, no," was the quick reply. " Once married, married for ever. There. is iso_belp for

such a mistake. If people are dissatisfied after marriage they rarely complain. They sensibly make the best of it." Doris turned her white face to the wall. " Oh, my God r she thought, in the bitterness of her own thoughts, "I cannot understand the problem of my own life. If he meant to marry me, why did he desert me ?" That was the burden of her passionate cry. Doris drank the cup of tea that was brought her, but she could take no food.

"1 am sorry," she said ; "you are very kind to me, hut I cannot eat. Let me thank you before I go." "Are you going out to try to find work, my dear ?" asked the good woman, wistfully. " Yes,' said Doris, bravely. " Then I should advise you to buy a thick veil for yourself the first thing you did. I say it only in kindness. Beauty like yours is a dangerous and fatal gift often to a young*girl. You will remem- ber my words when you are older. They will come hack to you many a time through life. I would advise you to get a veil at once to hide such a face as that from the gaze of men: A pretty face °ilea hrings misery when its owner is unprotected and innocent, as you appear to be." A few minutes later Doris was out in the crowded street again At the first draper's shop she passed Doris went in o purchase a veil. A gentleman, tall, dark, and handsome, stood at the counter, looking over an assortment of kid gloves. He glanced up as Doris entered, and the glove he held dropped to the show-case. . "What an.exquisite face !" he muttered, glanc- ing furtively at the lovely face fair and dainty as a flower, crowned in its sheen of curling golden hair, the great, childish, pansy-blue eyes, and the lovely rosebud mouth. "I would like to look at some veiling," said Doris, timidly approaching the counter. "We do not keep veiling here," responded the clerk, mentally wondering why young girls with such pretty faces could be induced to wear a veil at any price. "You'll probably get what you want at Kellogg and King's." "I do not know where that is," said Doris. "I —l—am a stranger. I have just come to New York." As she spoke, as though attracted by a magnet, Doris glanced up, and encountered the fixed gaze of a pair of burning dark eyes. • Blushing crimson, she knew not why, Doris dropped the sweeping lashes over her eyes, turned hurriedly, and left the

"No doubt she has come to New York to look for work," said the clerk, turning to his other cus- tomer. "It's a sad pity young girls will come to this over-crowded city. It's a shame to see such a pretty little creature adrift on the world." Making some casual reply to the clerk, the gentlemanly, handsome young man walked out of the shop, quickening his pace as he reached the pavement, hurrying after the retreating little figure up the street, Doris had pnrchased the veil, and only the long, golden curls were visible and the prettiest dimpled chin imaginable. "I must buy a paper and look it over," thought Doris. And acting upon the thought', she bought a paper, and the first line that met her eye was the advertise- ment of an agency that furnished employment to

women.

Doris made her way there without delay. There was a lady superintendefit in attendance, who looked curiously at the fair young face as Doris paid her fee. • "Your name?" she said, posing the pen in her white fingers. , "Miss Thorne," Doris replied. And it almost seemed to Doi is other lips than her own must im.ve 'framed that answer when she , looked back at that memorable scene in the bitter, tragic after years which followed. She gave her age as seventeen, adding, earnestly, she should like to get a position as governess, if she could.

"That is very young," returned the lady. "A governess of seventeen stands but a poor chance. Of course you have good references?" she added. "No," replied Doris, in a low voice. "I am an utter stranger to the city." The gentlemanly stranger had entered the agency, standing unobserved behind Doris while this con- versation was going on, and now _he retreated to the door.

"No reference'!" said the manageress, raising her eyeb:ows. "Surely you must know someone who can vouch for your respectability. Requiring a reference is customary,' she explained, seeing Doris draw back with wounded pride and blush to the roots °Hier lovely, golden hair. "I can give none,' she answered, simply. "Then I am obliged to return your fee and take your name from our books," :returned the lady. And faint and dizzy, Doris walked out of the agency. As she reached the pavement, her eyes blinded: by tears, some one touched her arm, and, glancing! up, Doris found the dark-eyed stranger she had, met in the draper's shop bowing low before her.

CHAPTER X.

PRAYER ANSWERED.

Dome drew back a little startled. The hand- some' dark-eyed stranger she had first encoun- tered in the draper's shop was standing before her, bowing most lA, undly, as she stepped out of tae emplvyment agency, discouraged and sick at heart _ _ . _ _

_ " I beg your pardon, Miss,' he said, respectfully lifting his hat. "I was standing in the doorway of the agency a moment since, and could not help hearing all that passed between the manageress and yourself. lam in search of some trustworthy young lady to fill a position recently and un- expectedly vacated. You are in search of a situation; suppose you try the one I have to offer."

Poor at% Doris stood dumb and transfixed with joy before him. Surely God must have heard the prayer that had just pile up to heaven to direct her to some way by which she could earn her daily bread.

It never occurred to her guileless, unsophisti- cated heart to mistrust him. She implicitly be- lieved God had sent him in answer to her prayer. That this was simply an excuse to speak to her she 'had never once dreamed. She had not come to that knowledge of the world which teaches that men's lips often speak one thing and their hearts another. _

She never suspected there was anything unusual in this procedure, or that the handsome stranger would not have asked the, same question of any other young girl whom he chanced to meet on the steps of the employment bureau. Doris clasped her tiny white hands suppli- catingly before her as she replied, with trembling eagerness, straight from the depths of her heart : "I think God must have sent you to me, sir, for I was just praying that I might find some posi- tion at once. I—l do not know very much—but I should try, oh! BO hard to please you, sir, if you would only trust me with the position. I am so glad you met me instead of some one else. I did not know which way to turn. lam a stranger In gew York." "Any one could readily see that," he answered, with a light laugh, that somehow jarred harshly upon Doris. "What is the position, sir?" she asked, timidly. ".els clerk in a retail goods store up town," he answered. • "Remain just where you are until I summon a cab," he said, turning away. "I won't be long." He had barely stepped to the edge of the pave. ment ere the manageress of the agency, with a white, anxious face, called to Doris. "My child," she said, leaning over her desk, "would you mind telling me what that gentleman was saying to you? My motive for asking you you shall know hereafter." In a few brief words Doris related the conversa- tion verbatim. _ .

" I thought as much," replied the manageress, her face dark with anger. Would to Heaven we could find a law to punish such wretches. That man is well-known; a greater rascal does not walk the streets of New York. Young girls should never speak to strangers," she went on, as she gazed at the lovely young face. "Many a trap is set for the feet of the innocent and unwary in gx-lb, wicked city like New York. You niust leave here at once," she said, thoughtfully, "before he comes back, and remember—l give you my best advice when I say, flee from that man as though he were accursed. He is not a man for you to know or trust. I almost ask it as a prayer—for your sake, mind." "I will," replied Doris, sobbing out her grati- tude. "I think I will break from our general rule, in this one instance, and help you to a situation, child."

As she spoke she hurriedly wrote down the addresses of three or four ladies whose names were on her books, in want of a governess for children. "I sincerely hope you will be successful with some one of these,' she said, handing the card to Doris.

moment later, dazed and bewildered, Doris found herself on the street again. She had scarcely proceeded half a block ore she found herself face to face with the handsome stranger again. • "Where now, my pretty .one ? Where are you going, I say ? " he asked, laying a detaining hand on her arm. "You did not wait for me to return." For one moment Doris's heart almost ceased beating as she gazed up into the dark, angry face, lit up by the bold black eyes that were regarding her so intently. "I—l have changed my mind," she said, desperately, as she shook off the touch of that white hand from her arm; "I do not want the position." Some one has been putting nonsense into your head 1" he exclaimed, angrily. "1 won't be trifled with in this way. Come 1" "Sir 1" cried Doris, hatlghtily, "how dare you speak so to me? lam young, but I am no coward, sir 1" she retorted, spiritedly. "You cannot compel me, and you have no right to urge me to accept a situation I do not wish. Let go my arm instantly and lot me pass !" she panted. "Dear me 1" he cried, "what a little whirl- wind I By George, now, whenever a man tells me women lose their beauty when they are thoroughly angry, thap man and I will have a subject to argue

• ' On. In a flash Doris flew past him, hurrying down the thoroughfare panting and excited. The thril- ling event which had just transpired had at least taught her a severe lesson; she must have nothing to say to strangers. "There seems to be so little faith that can be placed in any one in this world," she sobbed, drawing her veil closer over her tear-stained face. Doris read the three names on the card. "I will go to the one whose name is on the list first. No doubt that is nearest." She had some difficulty in making oat the right car which she was to take; but at length she reached Mrs. Longworth's elegant mansion on Fifth avenue. She might well 'open her eyes in wonder at the magnificence displayed in this luxuriant home. "Applying for position of governess? Ah, yes v:,e're liab 0n,3 thi3 moriking L 0.," sad tbe

===== 0002601_18950316_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MOXON'S NURSERY BOON

(Du equalled for DESTROYING NITS. and PA RAS In the HUDIAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. MOXON, 262, PARK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. M. end le. per Lox. Pot Free 73/4, and It. Cr.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ;J. H. WES'I'ON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET. ST. HELENE', ;Mewi. liETfl AND LEEDDAM ; and by E. LOOTLI, b, Laamß CuLvoL.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
4, That lino full ofclothea la perfectly clean, MATC LEANS CLEANSHR'S been:used, that is easily seea•

CADBURYS' COCOA.—" A suitable food alike for building up the growing body, and for repairing the waste which is incidental to all pt'ocesses of life."—" Health."

RUPTURDS. TRUSSUS. WOODEND'S PATBNT TiiiISSHS, the Y nost comfortable truss ever invented. A boon to wearers, hiring no spring at back. Singl 7s. 6d• Double 12s. Carriage paid. bend size in inched to J. WOODEND. Chemist. 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool.—ildrt.

A JA X CYCIA S ! Marvelloas LI Prices. One year's guarantee. Write for our 1895 illustrated list t. new and second-hand Pneunlat,i° ...I Cushion SAVIIITIES and 01 2YeLIiS, post fre Eisy torin itllTltli CYCLE IIIeACCITECKG CO. Liverpool.

TH E PLAGUE orLIF

A "Little Cough." THE hUIN OF HEALTH :

A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH : A " Little Cough.",. ni Which may be CURED 410 W by the IMMEDIATE Uo" - }JAWS INFLUENZA LUNG I.,IESTORER FOR INFL _I-1, Registered AND ALL CHEST .il LUNG AND THROAI. RESTORER COMPLAINTS. nit Never Fails. It POSSESSES VIE POW— A LUNG to SOOIKE, RELLEVIG SI'lli; HEAL, which exists in RESTORER other preparation. LUNG Fon COUGHS on COOS'

RESTORER IX ,ver Falls. It NEVER FAILS to Wl° LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING Dr LUNG LUDR TO THE CET RESTORER INDUCE SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. ..,, LUNG DOES NOT CONTAO RESTORER LAUDANUM, OPltltd. or Never Fails MORPHIA. 'LUNG Fon WHO' 'PING RESTORER Cu cluri" LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A OA-u—kitli. TIE &STORER childryn like it. 11) Never Falls ONE 131 10111' HALL'S 2D. LUNUT) ESTO P.M? PROVES ITS VALDE. 1-t Registere<l ESTABLISHED 40 OARS' GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home tor Girls, CroYu°-,i to To Mr. Taos. HaLr..—" DEAR SLR, —I am FIeasAINCI testify to the great benefit derived from the use of yo.ur "a in RESTORER, which I lbws Riven to several childro _vl. my Home—in two cases particularly its effects Were ar_l9o lons, having cured most obstinate Coughs. I ehall ne to recommend it to all my friends."

Taal CAUTION. —When you ask, ask fora Bottle of ,Ato LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to crept anY'' tie a oat else. Upon the outside wrapuer of every genuine stare appears my Trade Mark (the figure of HOPE) and Sift - Beware of fraudulent Imitations and innovations. nettle.' Sold by Chernlits and Stores everywhere, lrl.„—„ivirld lkd. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any dirne„'" obtain-inv. It will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of r or I,to, 1.`1) ) ),

Lua(.

, , mo Italy .—Be o,:Everton-road,

; 07, r.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rolli 45,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLISION ON THE HIGHWAY IN

LATCHFO RD.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES AT THE COUNTY COURT. At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, last week before his Honour, Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, John Tickle, green rocer, Frederick-st., Latchford, sued John Hamblett foe£so,for injuries alleged to have been receiv- ed by a collision in Latchford, between the horses and traps of the respective litigants. Mr.Collingwood Hope, barrister' Liverpool, instructed by Mr. Percy Davies, appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, and Mr. Arthur Browne defended. Mr. Hope in opening the case, said that the case was brought to recover damages for injuries sustained by a collision between the horse and cart of plaintiff and de- fendant, and which, he contended, was caused by the negligence of the defendant. Qn the morning of Novem- ber 9th, the plaintiff was crossing over the swing bridge going towards Grappenhall in his market cart, in which Was his ordinary produce. While crossing the bridge, 011 his proper side, he was run into by a horse and cart, Which was bolting. Nobody was in charge of the horse, and the result of the collision was that the wheels be- came locked, the off wheel was smashed at the axle, and the off shaft was also smashed. Both horses were thrown to the ground, and the plaintiff sustained very Serious injuries, owing to being thrown on to his bend ,bieh was severely cut. His face was also severely cut, " right elbow was dislocated, and he was rendered Partially unconscious. Be had lost considerable profits , since, owing to having to neglect his business in conse- quence of his injuries. There was no claim made for damage to the cart because the defendant had paid for repairs himself. Sometime before the collision took place a Witness he would call, named Warburton, saw the Plaintiff going, with the cart which afterwards collided With defendant's cart, towards the Ship Canal yard. Another witness named Robins saw the defendant and lais men in the Ship Canal yard, Thelwall, engaged puli- ng up some rails at some distance from his horse and cart • Soon afterwards both Warburton and Robins noticed the hurse come out of the yard and bolt along 9" road. After the collision had taken place, the de- ;ancient paid for the repair of the cart, and also promised PaY the doctor's bill for the injuries which the plain- bad received. Dr. Ronald was called in, and upon ,bat gentleman giving, up his practice, Dr. Starkey Smith 241 attended plaintiff,but defendant now refused to pay ..."48 (lector's bill. It was at first thought that plaintiff "" Permanently iajured,but the latest report was more favourable. • John Tickle, the plaintiff, then gave evidence in corro- "oration of Mr. Hope's statement. He said that he could lal°t say exactly what his turn over for the week was, as e kept no books, but he would estimate it to be £2 per Week. Starkey Smith said that he had attended the taintiff since the end of January. On examining plain- Witness found that he had two wounds on the top of al head, another wound on the left jaw, he had also !"eceived some injury on the right elbow. Plaintiff had t°sr a great deal of hair, and this would be caused by the eifeeident. He would probably be able to follow his Il?PloYment in a week or two, but after such a severe ilablnrY, there was always danger of brain disease ensu- ha• On February 25, witness met in consultation with .48. McCarthy and Joseph, and they examined the Plaintiff, and they all agreed with what he had above described. Alfred Robins, mechanical engineer on the Ship Canal, paia that he saw the defendant's horse and cart in the i_nal Yard between eleven and twelve b'clock on the day questien. Soon after passing he heard someone shout- 'g Whoa ! Whoa I and saw 'the horse and cart dart ;ugh the gateway, along the road. 'chard Warburton deposed to attempting to stop the hone tho • After the collision defendant asked witness if he a 'l.lglit that he (defendant) would be liable for the hneldent. Witne,s replied that if it had been his horse, tleaewis°ll4l have thought 80. Defendant told witness that aa-d"°l'se had been in the stable for two or three days was very fresh. ca.7elnue.l Ball, engine driver, and Thomas Holland also b,Mevidence in suoport of the plaintiffs case. r.. Browne for the defence submitted that there was iti'vealdence of negligence on the part of the defendant beeen by the plaintiff or his witnesses. A claim had h., !I naade by the plaintiff for permanent injuries, and JtMr. a Browne) had asked for particulars of the per- cTo..f!entcn injuries, but had got no answer. The plaintiff's B.J„r in the court said that he did not think there was Permanent injury, and that in a week or two the actintiff would be able to follow his employment. The to n°„4. was therefore reduced from one of very serious, defe7,of a minor nature. The horse belonging to the hies:want was 22 years old, and was in possession of 1,!•,1%lewall and Barker previous to defendant getting beia„"cuad belted once before the defendant got it, it defen'',:righteued by a train passing over a bridge. The Solarant's version of the affair was that he went with sleen,,,,lnen to the Ship Canal yard to pull up some look"'s• A man was left along with the watchman to &tea after the horse. After being there a short time, a horst: er going past, blew its siren, which made the the h Swerve round. The man, Johnson, in charge o thnrse got hold of the reins, but was knocked down Matt? end of the shaft. Defendant absolutely denied see, ne Promised to pay Dr. Ronald whom he had never gone tc'r sPeken to before in his life. If the plaintiff had the a,. flee defendant about his injuries, there was not a,04,31.ihte5t doubt that defendant would have paid the titra r 8 bill, but when he received a letter from plain.' ke..,.ssoliciter, he determined to fight the case on its • n • ""Pfl and Dr. McCarthy each disagreed with Dr. I the v.lbsi 8. opon that serious after effects might ensue to jon_tiff consequent upon the occident. tO the° Jackson and James Johnson each gave evidence .1 wthebebnoresZheatvtig that Johnson was standing about a foot off been left in charge of it,before it bolted. vateamer b bolted, in consequence of the siren of the • w elng sounded, Johnsen seized hold of the horse, tio as kaceic lege then ed to the ground by the shafts, and the . Further e"t away. llngton, a vldence was given by Isaac Smith, John Far- taTlis Ho lad the defendant. lre all flour, in summing up, said that a person should steaal. Precautions when he left his horse in a yard. The Rea th`rs on the Ship Canal frequently blew their whistles, erefore he teasoa„, could not hold that Johnson had taken Illstead sbl he care of the horse by standing a foot away, give Jac] holding it by its bridle. He must therefore glnent for the plaintiff for £37. r°wfla gave notice of appeal.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
e NECESSA.RY ATTRIBUTES OF A.

_ IN-AA-CORRESPONDENT.

The • BY ONE OF THEM. dee' 'deal it war-correspondent, Mr. Archibald Forbees. , rjew_l'e ls rivi.h humorous exaggeration, should be o se 111 ' with the sweet angelic temper of a woman,bne. atit4l,44.hle as if he were a candidate canvassing a co ktlci eney for their votes, and at the same time be big be h!IRIY enough to impress the conviction that it would Sh " e7:14c1h19 unwise to take any liberty with him. He tble tn'Tow any number of languages, and should be a hundred miles a day, and go without food 8 eeP f Write or a week, and be able at the end of itio Pkte ~I"nd hand for a foreign telegraph clerk at the 1ikve",..,..a colum an hour for six hours. "He should dilty e'ule supremest disregard for hostile fire, when real Pos4r a.llB upon him to expose Ir. r.Alf to it—wanton ex- hie eis folly of the worst kind and simple treachery to w,ell, for he necessarily ceases to be of ser- tvphierPtrurPeltrile4f°l" a casualty befall him. But at once for his nation, which rests on his shoulders in the tPulrence ot foreigner, ha ve age and that his paper may r. age of his observant faculties, unp thatractions, he should be as calm when shells beeornursfti .ig rouc,:' hire as if :il IP were watching is iB' Rene rie" having -a tooth extracted. He must have itg co ne instinct for the place and day ot an impend- must Itefri 1nf,4,. at ;he be able to scent the coming battl e blettlea,;-', and permit no obstacle to hinder him " H from m shouldß,, ,f to it in time to be a spectator of it. o others :.', able to distinguish victory and defeat when t the the field of strife seems mere confusion, and ere col:4'4lod has ceased, to be able to turn his back.onril, ~.611 th 13 of his own judgment as to its issue, a 90.1. ride e kresee.leoerbeer Isot bearer of the momentous tidtt - Says that a war-correspondent runB th far_generally. speaking, than fall to the lot of 013'eraa,t7:erage soldier, " For in great and prolonged tile br "he Points mac " the troops who have borne are z, übt of the hardost fightinr, in yesterday's battle 1 renl,,en t, 24 I 's4 to-dav's battle ii fresher soldiers, dii.d .tiati 4,4:4thated to the reserve: But there can be no posr- ietent , ere w serve for the war correspondent, l' is fore, tb 'Odoing his duty." It is not surprising, there- refill, 4zr.r, the pe rr rcentae of casualties among war-cor- bleW.rldents is greater-than among time actual fighting tiler, ~win tht Snvian carnpairtn of 1876. we learn that i:welve correspondents ~f various nationali- the field and went under fire, and of these twent ,:ri.. .tilled s.nct four wounded, and out of about %otrlltr. p7ede in tiA3 Soudan—to quote . from a statement by 4,it,rio Villiers, the War Artist who so frequently ,'"illeae,";!'e4 Mr.Forbe3—"Six were killed ,one died from oareew"c9o were slightly woundal, and others had thirst.„ eBeaPes from shooting, drowning, and dying of

46- p WRAT C -Al';' CUTICIIIIA. DO FOR CIIILDII9 ? in t° Yttiing tnat is cleansing, purifying, and beaii,iy.. ttl! 1. th" tatin, scalp, and hair of infants and children, teriti.Tmtytt, , , ..• ISEDIEDIES will dn. They afford instant in th! V ertnit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, cure The ' Inost torturing of Achim: and burning ecz, ina.. they clear tho skin of the most disfiguring ren( tlear the hair of dandruff, scales, and crusts, . ando. of humours. fuieurse the hair. They purify the blo,A of simple, sb(:r,ut theet i' alyi hereditary humours. tn.- • tiSPlres confidence. They are ,thrsvo.BlurtYetihyinpgurea, and soZdove used from the moment of birth.. .They , are f the iit '.'eonomical, and unfailing. Parents, thlrlg j t at etirne of suffering often entailed by lack, of early _ erheilciliTent• Begin now. Cures made in infancy and ood are almost invariably permanent.

THE INFLUENZA SCOURGE.

NEWS AND HINTS. HOW TO FACE THE EPIDEMIC.

The Epidemic of Influeaza is not yet at an end : and the after-effects of this terrible disease are still felt by numerous sufferers. Indeed, severe as inflidenza is in its attack, the after-symptoms are perhaps even mora insidiously dangsrous, and it behoves all who have suffered from the dreaded epidemic to safeguard them- selves against its later consequences.

The Scarborough Mercury describes an event of local interest, which bears out this opinion. A reporter of the great newspapermamed interviewed a Mr. Thomas Harland of 10, Arncliffe-terraip,' Glaisdale, Yorkshire, who had been rendered incapable of work by Influenza duriug a previous epidemic. INtr. II arland said, in reply to questions, " My illness began a year ago last Christ- mas with a severe attack of Influenza. Afterwards I began rapidly to get weakar ; I could not sleep at nights, my appetite failed, and although I did not take to my bed, yet I could scarcely support my own weight. I tried all sort of doctoring.' I was a month in the Scarborough Sea Bathing Infirmary ; then I went to Harrogate, and the doctor told ma that I was suffering from anemia, or bloodlessness, in consequence of In- fluenza, which affects the nerves and causes great general weakness. I returned home still very weak,and utterly unable to be of any use. Just at this tune, how- ever,;my son saw an accent inn one of the papers of a woman who had suffered from Influenza like inyself,and who told a reporter what marvellous effect Dr. Williams , Pink Pills for Pale People had had upon her. I determin- ed to try them. I could not tell that I had received any relief from the first 13)x, although I was told I was looking b2tte,!; bat Lyfo" I hAfl taken a second box I found myself rapidly improving. I was able to sleep better, my nerves were stronger, and my appetite much better. New, after my fifth box, I am quite strong again, and I strongly recommend them to all who suffer."

In all cases of Influenza and after effects, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have a miraculous efficacy. They are recog- nised as one of the greatest modern medicines,a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, and an unfailing cure for rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, prostration, Asc. They restore pale and sallow complex- ions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex ; while in the cases of men they effect a radical cure in all cases arisingfrom Imental worry, overwork, or excess. Those Pills are sold by all chemists, or post free from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Eiolborn-via- -11 duct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 133. i/d. IDr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold loose, and substitutes in this form are useless and fraudulent. The wooden box must be in a pink wrapper with full xante, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

ANTI-VACCINATRIN MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

A meeting promoted by the Anti-Vaccination Society, was held in the Co-operative Ball, Sankey-st., Warring- ton on Monday evening. There was a crowded audience, and the chair was occupied by Mr. F. Monks, J.P., CC. The speaker for the evening was Lieutenant General Phelps,of Birmingham, who chose as his subject " Vaccination at work." The address was illustrated by limelight views, the lantern manipulator being Mr. Wilkinson.

• The CHAIRMAN, in opening the meeting observed that although he was in the chair that evening it must not be concluded that he was an anti-vaccinist. He looked at the question very much in this way, that Parlfament in its wisdom had passed a law for the regulation of this matter, and personally he obeyed that law. He did not object to vaccination, and consciously he had no grounds upon which to base any objection; but he recognized that there were always two sides to a ques- tion, and that in the question before them there was a great deal to be said on both sides. (Applause.) General Phelps would tell them, no doubt, that vaceina- tion did not do that which it professed to do. Heresy had a perfect right to exist ; it existed in matters of theology, and why should it not exist in medical science ? In this country we were all free to hold our own opinion so long as we were all sincere in seeking after truth. (Applause.) In conclusion, the Chairman intimated that General Phelps would answer any written question, but it must be understood that the meeting was not one open for public discussion. The promoters had organized it for the health of the town, and it was optional for the other side to hold one to advocate their views. Then, after the meeting had been held, and if any discussion occurred, the society with which General Phelps was associated (the Birmingham Anti-Variole League for the suppression of compulsory vaccination and the sub- stitution of sanitation for cow-pox) would be quite willing to take their full share in that discussion. (Ap- plause.) Lieutenant General PHELPS then proceeded with his lecture. He describe(' vaccination as one of the great fallacies which the present generation of medical men had fallen into. It was quite a mistake to think that medical men were incapaele of error. It was not long since they denounced mesmerism. Now they had adopted it under the brand new name of hypnotism,and wished to make it the special privilege of medical gentle- men to use it. Was the idea of vaccination which meant giving disease to prevent disease, a scientific one ? He said it was not. Unfortunately at the present time, the medical world had an unconscious bias which affected all that it recorded during a small-pox epide- mic. In Birmingham be found great diffi- culty in getting the addresses of those persons who, it was stated, had died unvaccinated. He was glad to say, however, that Dr. Gernan, of Warrington, had recorded almost all the names and addresses of such persons, and he hoped that they would be investi- gated. rho lecturer here gave several examples of cases which had been entered as unvaccinated in Bir- mingham, and yet when investigated proved to have been vaccinated. The cause of the doctor's mistake was the absence of marks. The absence of marks was en- tirely deceptive, for in persons with peculiar kinds of skin, the marks disappeared after a time. The lecturer at this point threw on the screen a large number of photographs of diseased animals, and also oh children whose bodies were covered with filthy scabs and ulcers, alleged to have been caused by vac- cination. The pictures were certainly of a kind which no person of sensitive feeling could look at. He con- tended that in places such as Leicester and Keighley, where the vaccination law was practically in abeyance, the death rate bad largely decreased, and he showed diagrams to prove that vaccination failed to arrest smallpox. In Warrington thee- were still behind other towns in sanitary matters. Ho had read Dr. Gornall's report, in which some valuable suggestions were made. There were some people who thought themselves very clever in keeping down the rates, but if they kept them down at the expense of sanitation and cleanliness they spent a pound for every shilling they saved. de con- tended that it was better sanitation,and not vaccination which caused smallpox to decrease. The English Parliament had in a moment of mistaken confi- dence,passed the vaccination law, whereby parents who refused to allow their children to be vaccinated were liable to fines or imprisonment. That was un-English. they in Warrington were wise, they would at once term an anti-Vaccination Society and obtain the power for parents to have their children treated as they pleased. The parents were responsible for their child- ren's development, and they should therefore have the right to say whether the poison should be introduced into their children's system or not. By doing so, they would be saving the lives of their children just as they were doing successfully at Leicester. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN then asked if any one would like to put any questions to the lecturer. Two persons handed written questions, but neither were of public impor- tance. Mr. Jotter PEERS said that he had great pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He was sure that they had increased their knowledge upon the subject of vaccination. The diagrams they had seen that night bad been very distressing. They were most unpleasant, and he hoped that they would do something towards making them more icclined te keep their telood pure. The Motion was 'seernaded, and the Chairman before putting it to the meeting said that he thought that, as i far as his knowledge of Warrington went,it was quite in accord with the general opinion. They had had to pay a heavy rate in putting down disease, but it was satis- factory to he able to say that it was not without suc- cess. When he was first appointed to the Sanitary Committee of the Town Council, the death rate was over 33 per cent., and he was glad to say that during the years he was on that committAi—and he bore will- ing testimony to the work of Mr. John Burgess,although he had had as much to say against that gentleman as anybody—that they never hid a stronger or more reso- lute advecete of the measures for increased sanitation than Mr. John Burgess. The motion was carried unanimously, and the lecturer briefly replied, speaking in commendatory terms of the report of Dr. Gorna.ll and also of Ws sug- gestions for the t erment of the borough. He said, however, that no ai,letint of lilth and dirt in teNe town, was as dangerous as dieease and dirt which P 713 intro- duced into the bleed. (Hear, hear and applause.) Dr. J. GUEST GORNALL said that there was another side to the vaccination criotion,an.l ho intended shortly to lecture upon the subject. He hoped that tinge present would come again, and listen as patiently tn him as to Lieutenant-General Phelpo. (Bear, hear and applause.) The meeticg then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EKAMIN.I4,R, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1895.

REVOLTING CASE OF CHILD NEGLECT

AT WARRINGTON.

PARENTS SENT TO PRISON.

On Friday morning last week at the Borough Police Court, before Alderman Wright and other maeistrates, John and Sarah Ann Fid- dler, 188, Pierpoint-st., were charged with having on the sth of March, and on diversdates during the last six months, unlawfully neglected their child Annie Fidd ler, in a manner likely to injure her health. Defendants pleaded not guilty. Mr. Percy Davies, solicitor,prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C.' and said that he thought the Bench would agree with him that if any case deserved punishment this did. When it was considered that the times were hard for deserving poor, these people came before them presumably as poor people, but he had to disclose to them that the man had lace!' in receipt of some 253. per week to keep his home, consisting of himself, wife and four children. At the present time there were only two children living in the house, as the eldest is on the " Clio " and the second in an industrial school and the children have gone to those institutions through the neglect of the defendants. It was a fact that the defendants had been up at court previously for neglect and in the present case such a scene of squalor had never been seen in Warrington before. The woman was well-known as a drunken woman and she had allow- ed the child which had been severely scalded about the lower part of its body and legs to be in the house for 17 days without its being attended to, and the child ran a very great danger of death from its injuries. He thought their worships,when they heard the circumstances, would agree with him that it was a very bad case and he was instructed to press it most strongly as the defendants could have no possible feeling for their children. Inspector McAteer said he went in company with Sergeant Taylor to defendant's residence at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of Tuesday, and when he got inside, after some delay, he found the father and mother upstairs. There was nothing ir.the shape of furniture there but a small bed, and the rooms were filthy in the extreme. Below there was no furniture but a table, and not a chair in the house. The child was lying on the bed, and when witness examined it, it was naked except for a dirty chemise, and there was no other clothes to put on. It was suffering from burns or scalds on the abdo- men and the thighs, and legs from the knee downwards. He asked the mother when the child was hurt, and she said "last Saturday afternoon week was about 11 o'clock in the morning." She had not called in any doc- tor as she did not think it necessary. The male defen- dant said his wife had done all she could for the child. Witness insisted on the child being removed to the In- firmary, which was done in an old dirty sheet. The woman, however, would not allow her child to stop there, and he was instructed to press the case. Since he had COMP to Warrington, 12 months ago, he had re- peatedly called at defendant's house, and on every occa- sion he had cautioned them about their responsibility. Four or five times when he called the door had been closed when he w.derstood the woman was in. P.S. Taylor stated that when he accompanied the last witness he had P.C. Roper with him,and they arrived at the house of defendants about 2.15 and were knocking until nearly three o'clock. They made inquiries and were told that the child was lying there very badly burnt, and he then determined to get in some way. Going round to the back Roper lifted him up and leaning through a window he managed to unbolt the door, and they went in. The win- dows were broken and also the doors. He did not think there was a proper door in the house. He agreed with last witness in his particulars, and added that the closet I tub was in the house, increasing the state of filth. Dr.Langdale, house surgeon at the Infirmary,described the injuries of the child as it appeared when brought to him on Tuesday. With reference to itslving at home 17 days he thought it ran a risk of death from neglect, and it was the duty of the parents to have procured medical assistance. It would have also been better for the woman to have allowed the child to remain at the Infirmary. _ _

Mr. IL Taylor, Police Court missionary, knew the de- fendants,and said the man worked hard,but the woman he could say nothing for. Mr. Isherwood, landlord of the house, said that it was one of 14, and on the lot in the last four years he had spent £4oo,and two years ago he had had a new inside put in the image of the defendants. Mr. D. Tinnion said that the male defendant had worked for him for some years and he had always found him a steady and hard-working man. He had never seen him the worse for drink and he earned on an average 235. a week. Witness had known defendant send home all his money on Saturday and while he was in full work his wife had gone regularly to the soup kitchen. Eventually, the Chairman of the bench thought the least they could do was to commit the woman for one months' hard labour, but so far as the father was concerned they would let him *ff with 14 days hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
COLERIDGE'S ELOQUENCE.

"I was going," says Charles Lamb, " from my house at Enfield to the India Houseone morning, when I mat Coleridge on his way.to pay ma a visit. Ele was brim- ful of some new idea, and—in spite of telling him that time was precious—he drew me within the door of an unoccupied garden by the roadside,and there, sheltered from observation by a hedge of evergreens, he took me by the button of my coat, and, closing his eyes, com- menced an eloquent discourse., waving his right hand gently as the musical words flowed in an unbroken stream from his lips. I listened entranced ; but the striking of a church clock recalled me to a sense of duty. I saw it was of no use to attempt to break away, so, taking advantage of his absorption in his subject. and with my penknife quietly severing the button from my coat, I decamped. An hour afterwards, in passing the same garden on rny way home, I heard Coleridge's voice; and, on looking in, there he was, with closed eyes, the button in his fingers, and the right hand gracefully waving just as when I left him. He had never missed me !—" The World of Wit and Humour."

===== 0002601_18950316_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MORT POLIOEHEN'S NERVOUSNESS.

"I don't know whether you are aware of the reason why policemen have, as a body, so strong an antipathy to wearing the silent hoots which it was at one time proposed should be worn by all-night duty men ?" said a police surgeon. " The reason is that the officers can scarcely hear their own footl ails, and this increases to a most considerable extend the nervousness which scores of men on night duty periodically suffer from. The long silence of the night, toe constant state of being on the alert, or ot endeavouring to keep so—these have a most trying effect cu the nerves (it even the strongest men, especially when the duty is in elnlet suburban neighbour- hoods. some of the men have, under such circum- stances, described the effect of silent boots as simply maddening," though the, utility of these boots is gener- ally admitted. If a man on night duty have, a predis- position to be neivons, he is soon unfit for duty, and I have had great powerful-looking young men under my charge who have said that every shadow and every unaccountable sound have reached their nerves. It seems strange that men who have been walking about all night should suffer from insomnia.. but amongst young hands who have been on night duty it is common when the time of rest comes. Rut the satirical saving that policemen • like noisy boots because the latter keep them awake,' has some scientific troth in it after all.— " Cassell's Saturday Journal."

===== 0002601_18950316_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S

WEAK BACKS are re-

rieved and generally cured by the use of

PLASTERS. They sustain the part where applied, and are warming, soothing, comforting in the highest degree. Use for Bron- chitis, Lumbago, Rheuma- tism, and wherever and whenever pain is felt.

Of all Chemists from 111 i to 2216 each

*4 il'fl f - 40- tif 6`7715' / / ,f...... 40 r , 4 poi, , 1 - iiii•4...,,,,,,,i1 i .iii lori Afh . .. , ,, / ~. ~ A , . , . t , , 0 ‘,. # t, I 44 / 'lf .4 4 . 4. if is 11 :0 4 4.0. --,.t. ::- Z.--t •-t •::::' -4" -t ..."--' ..- :

===== 0002601_18950316_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

Everybody—at least everybody who was at all interested in the matter—was agreed that the meet-. jug of the Town Council would be over in twenty minutes on Tuesday night, last week or at least, just to allow an outside es- timate for emergencies, it was thought that half-an-hour would be ample time in which to transact all the business on the agenda paper. Yet in making these calculations one important factor had been left out of account. It had been for- gotten that the Town Council is now a much more effective talking machine than it used to be. Within the last two or three years its debating capacity has been strengthened—or shall we say lengthened? The younger members on the whole show a decided tendency to monopolise at least a fair share of the discussions, while in one or two instances older hands who were at one time pretty consistent members of the silent brigade have become unex- pectedly loquacious. The result is that when a de- bate is once started there is no lack of ability to keep it going, and therefore it is never safe to pro- phesy with regard to the length of the meetings unless you know.

The opening proceedings on Tuesday last week seemed to augur a quick despatch of business. The Mayor had no communications to lay before the meeting—not even one from the Ratepayers' Association—and the only preliminary announcements were formal intimations of the election of auditors and county councillors. The minutes of several of the commit- tees were then • rapidly disposed of, the only inter- ruption being when the Health Committee's pro- posal to close a large number of insanitary houses came under notice. Councillor Shaw Green suggested that when the notices of the insanitary condition of their houses were sent to owners there should also be an intimation of what repairs were necessary to put the houses into habitable condition. Alderman Harrison sympathised with these senti- ments, as to his "amazement and disappointment " some of his own property was included in the scheduled houses although he had spent some £6OO in eighteen months upon the fifty-three houses he owned in Warrington. The Council did not, how- ever, lend a sympathetic ear to these complaints of distressed property-owners, and Alderman Bolton rather bluntly informed Alderman "Jamison that members of the Council should not deal with busi- ness in which they were pecuniarily interested.

The debate of the evening really sprang out of the proposal of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Com- mittee to pull down the remainder of the old park wall in Sankey-street and to put in a new en- trance at the Crosfield-street corner. The debate, though it was hardly expected,answered a very use- ful purpose as it, brought out a good deal of addi- tional information with regard to the costs of the Sankey-street improvements. The proposal to pro- ceed with the additional improveraents at once had a decidedly mixed reception. The whole of the Council seemed agreed upon the point that the re- mainder of the whole wall would have to be re- moved sooner or later, but several members were strongly of opinion that this was a piece of work that might wait till something more pressing had been dealt with. Councillor Shaw-Green, as Chair- man of the Finance Committee and therefore in a certain sense the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the Council was strongly of opinion that it would be a mistake to increase the rate of this year and next by a half-penny in the pound for this improve- meat. seeing that there were so many other impor- tant improvements which would have to be under- taken. Councillor Roberts made the very reason- able request that they should have the full estimate of the cost of the improvement before they em- barked upon it,especially as they had already found from experience that the estimate of the cost of removing the other part of the wall had been greatly exceeded. The estimate that was now sub- mitted amounted to .£6450, but what about the mak- ing of the street and the re-arranging of the garden behind the new fence? Would all this not really bring up the expenditure to something like double the £650 ? A. partial answer to these questions was given later on in the meeting,when it waS admitted that another £3OO would have to be spent upon street making, bringing the total of estimated ex- penditure up to £950. It was further brought out by what was described ass kind of cross examina- tion, that while the original estimate for making the improvement in front of the Town Hall was put down at £550, the total cost had so far mounted up to £869, and,said Councillor Roberts in enumer- ating these figures " the job is not finished yet." rhe Paving and Sewerage Committee was also as- sailed for having spent .£3OO on the Sankey-street improvement without the express sanction of the Council, and the strong assault took shape in an amendment to refer back the minute of the Town Hall Committee, which was moved by Councillor Pierpomt. In moving his amendment, Mr. Pierpoint contended that there were several other matters which more urgently needed the attention of the Corporation than the Sankey-st. improvement, one of these being the provision of better accommodation for the Council itself in the Town Hall. On a vote being taken,' however, the amendment was defeated by fifteen votes to ten.

The only other subject on which any debate took place was that of the relations of the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company, and here Councillor Roberts as chairman of the Rivers' Committee had a Perfectly unanimous Council behind him. He re- ferred to the varied criticism to which the Com- mittee had been subjected. 4t bad been declared on the one hand that they were treating the Canal Company in an inconsiderate fashion, and on the other they had been accused of giving away the interests of the town to the Company. He thought that between these two extremes, the Committee might fairly conclude that they were doing the right thing. He assured the Council that nothing would be done by the committee without the knowledge and sanction of those concerned. He added the suggestion that the Corporation was getting to very close quarters with the Canal Company, and that definite action would probably be taken in a short time. Councillor R. T. Fairclough warmly repudiated the charge that the Corporation had tried to " squeeze" the Canal Company ,and mentioned several instances in which they had dealt very leniently with the Company. Alderman Harrison strongly supported the Rivers' Committee, and Councillor Beaman seemed to be of opinion that as the Corporation got little credit for their past favours to the Canal Company they might as well go in for their full " pound of flesh." Altogether it was apparent that on the matters in dispute with the Ship Canal Company the Council is of one mind.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE IS WHAT WE GIVE TO READERS

OF THIS PAPER.

You are interested in money making and no such opportunity for making money has ever been presented to women who use kniting, and fancy wools as that made to the readers of this paper by the Providence Mills Spinning Company. They are willing to send you Borne beautiful samples of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools for home knitting whicu may be kept bo you. Their, object is to show you that for appearance, wear and price they cannot be surpassed. In these days of scarcity of cash it is interesting to know the way to buy the necessaries of life direct from the manufacturer and thereby save threepence or more in each shillings worth. We confidently recommend yau to write to-day for patterns which will be sent free of charge by sending a post-card with your name and address upon it. Kindly note that letters should be carefully addressed —Providence Mills Spinaing Co., C. Department, Brad- ford, Yorkshire. NB.—lf you would like they will also send you samples of their special dress fabrics as well as particu- lars of their wonderful underwear. In all cases . the Dress Patterns must be returned.

The Rev. C. Rickards, chaplain of the Princetown, Devonshire, Convict Prison, found a hurglnr in his house on Sunday night, and was compelled to fire at him in self-defence. rho burglar was hit in the arnii, and it was found necessary to amputate the limb. - •

In the Court of Queen's Bench on Monday a young lady named Metcalfe, the plaintiff in L breach of promise case, accepted £2,000 as damaces and a sum of -£350 towards her costs. The defendant, Mr. Gardner, in consenting to judgment against him for those sums, acknowledged that there had been nothing, in the lady's behaviour to justify him in breaking his promise to marry her.

WHAT WOMEN OUGHT TO KNOW, Do you worry lsecause you look so very pale,:witiz lips almost white and feel as though nothing, could restore you to vigorous happy life? If so, take Cockburn's Tonic Blood Pills and stop worrying. Thy make cheeks like roses and delicate ladies strong'. 0; all chemists in boxes at 61., rin3 44. 63., or per post 2d. extra dixect from the makers, COCKBIIRN'A 1/0170 STORE, Howard-sr., Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn : Messrs. SpFAXMAN BROS.. 7, High-s., Warrington BOOTS, Limited.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED SERIOUS ASSAULT AT WARRINGTON. ALLEGED TAMPERING WITH WIT- NESSES.

TERMINATION OF THE PROCEEDINGS.

There was a large number of people outside the War- rington Borough Police Court on Tuesday morning,when the alleged serious assault case of Broadhurst and Allen, which has so often been adjourned, was fixed to come off. At the commencement of the proceedings there were on the bench Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), Dr. Gor- nail and Mr. E.J.Guest,and Williamßroadhurst,General- st., was charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Albert Edward Allen on Saturday, the 2nd of February. Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (the Town Clerk) said that the police withdrew from the case. Mr. Percy Davies appeared to prosecute on behalf of the family of Allen. Mr. Arthur Browne defended.

In opening the case Mr. Davies referred to a statement which had appeared in the newspapers and which was made by a responsible person, to wit, the Chief Con- stable who had asked for a remand at the commence- ment, and objected to bail being allowed as one of the chief witnesses had been tampered with in an improper manner. That statemeut came to the knowledge of the friends and relatives of the injured man' wh• at that andtime wat lying very seriously injured, and had been un- conscious until Tuesday morning. _ . _ .

Some discussion then arose between Mr. Davies and the Town Clerk with reference to the latter having, Mr. Davies said, attempted to obtain compensation for Allen or mitigate the charge into one of assault. Mr. Davies applied for a reinitiation of the case alto- gether and asked Allen if he charged Broadhuret with inflicting grievous bodily harm upon him. Allen : leg, sir. . .

Mr. Davies' continuing, said in fairness to himself, he should say that he had had a letter from the Town Clerk handing him the brief in the case and he protested against such conduct on tho part of the Town Clerk or any one else. He defied Mr. Whittle to deny that he [ went to Mr. Browne's office in order that a settlement might be come to. Mr. Browne denied that and said it was an absolute falsehood to say that an attempt had been made to settle the case by Mr. Whittle. Inspector Spinks, he said, came on Saturday morning with Mr. Whittle to tell him that the case was coming on. He saw Mr. Whittle first on Friday and the latter then said "are your people prepared to make any offer to the man." There was no attempt to settle the matter by a com- promise in any shape or form. Dr. G ornall : That was the initiative in the matter of a compromise. Mr. Davies : Exactly so ; I demand the letter to be read.

Mr. Whittle said Mr. Davies was making statements which were absolutely untrue. He had spoken to Mr. Browne about compensation on behalf of the family of the injured man as it was the usual thing to de, and that it would have earns weight with the. magistrates.

Mr. Davies : It was a raost -improper thing- for the Town Clerk to do.

The Town Clerk : I was appearing for the prosecutor and not for Mr. Davies or his clients.

Mr. Davies said that Mrs. Lawton, the sister of the injured man, had said that her brother had suffered a great deal of sickness t4rough the assault, and was prepared to come to court on Friday last week, and in fact Was dressed to come out for the first time when a policeman came and said the case was put off. She came to him on the Saturday morning and he ad- vised her to see the Town Clerk about it and she had done so. The Town Clerk, he said, had black- guarded her and treated her with discourtesy. He was sorry that there was such feeling, and in proceeding with the case he only wanted their worships to listen to the evidence and nothing else, and , if they thought it was a case of grievous bodily harm be did not want anything more than justice and fair play. He should like first of all that the witnesses leave the court as he had proof that they had been tampered with. The witnesses on both sides accordingly retired.

Mr. Browne then said with reference to the witnesses of whom he had five, if the charge was going to be per- sisted in he was not going to call any at all, and if the bench heard the evidence they would see that there was no case of inflicting grievous bodily harm at all. Mr. Davie,: You have:no right te say that at all Mr. Browne. He added that if their worships would listen very carefully to the evidence and take into considera- tion the character of both the prosecutor and defendant he would be satisfied. He was not going to say one word against the character of the defendant. They had both worked at Messrs. Rylands' Bros. and on the 2nd of February the prosecutor went, in the afternoon, to a publichouse called the " Gardeners' Arms" kept by a Mrs. Cook and was there some considerable time. He had some beer but knew perfectly well what he was doing, and when coming home by himself near the Brick-street end of Crossley-street he met the defen- dant, William Broadhurst. Lie knew him as his mate and simply said " How-do Skills'," (defendant's nick- name). The latter replied " How-do Nipper "and the prosecutor asked him if he would have a drink and they then went together to the " Ropemakers' Arms" in Crossley-street, and the prosecutor paid for defendant .4 drink there, but having occasion to go into the yard, on his return he was informed that defendant had left and prosecutor went on his way borne again. At the bottom of Crossley-street near the " Glassmakers Arms" prose- cutor met defendant and not knowing that he was of- fended with him said "Hello I what are you doing here," and defendant said " you are a nice b—fellew "and charged prosecutor with drinking his beer, further threatening to knock his neck out. At this juncture a man called out and asked them not "feight" and prose- cutor said " No we are not going to quarrel." This was about 6 o'clock and he then asked the defendant to come into Russell's publichouse to hate another drink, but ' the latter said he would not and thereupon butted Allen ' with his head in the mouth,with the remark " You want having a drink." Prrsecutor then fell with his head against the window-sill and thence on the ground and ' while down the defendant thumped him in the face twice. Prosecutor said " Hold on Skilly ; give us a chance ; let us get up " but the latter would not let him get up. He then became unconscious. From the date cf the assault he had only been out for the first time, that day. Mr. Davies said that Mrs. Harrison,a witness gave her evidence to P.C. Phillips and said that she was near Russell's beerhouse when she saw Allen and another man somewhat taller,fighting as described. She did not see Allen strike Broadhurst. She said to the latter "Don't hurt him ; you have given him enough." When he was on the floor she shouted " Murder "and Broad- hurst ran away leaving Allen on the footpath. She had also said that she saw Broadhurst kick Allen while he was on the ground. She ran after the defendant up Crossley- street but lost sight of him. Some men then came out of the public-house,and picked Allen up and he seemed quite dead. Mrs. Harrison in her statement had also seen the lardlord of the " Manx Arms" and in consequence of what he said she saw the defendant's father. She was asked to go to Mr. Browne's office. She was one that had been tampered with, said Mr. Davies, and he had been through her evidence that morning and before She answered a question she said " I saw no kicks." Mr. Davies read over the depositions of Mary Among another witness, which 'vas very similar to the last, except that she went to the injured man and saw that his head was bleeding. There was also blood on the ground. There was ro on the footpath, it was the blow that caused prosecutor to fall. Mr. Davies also read over the evidence of Anua Rushton and John Corlett which was mostly corroborative. In conclusion, Mr. Davies said that far some time Allen was hovering between life and death and it was not known what the cluirg.e was likely to be. The relatives of the prosecutor sent for Dr. McCarthy, who came at ',nee sr,nt for s mlnister, and also for his fri,nds and relatives, because of the condition of the man. Dr. McCarthy, he said, had also informed the police that the prosecutor's skull was fractured and described the wounds. The doctor had said the one on the skull was produced by a kick, and the relatives were surprised at Court on the day of the first remand to hear Mr. Browne say that the doctor had whispered to him that there were no signs of kicking about Allen. Thinking that there was something wrong they came to him (Mr. Davies) for wsistanee. Not only had Harrison been tam- pered with, bat the doctor's is vidence had undergone a marvellous change, as he afterwards said that the ' wounds were not kicks. He, Mr. Davies, then suggested to the relatives of Allen that they should go to a prac- donor who was well known in Warrington—Dr. Smith, and he thought they could not have a better man. Mr. Davies added that the doctor's evidence w4uld show that the wound on the head could not have been caused except by a kick, unless the man had fallen from a height on to the top of his head. The calling in of a second doctor, Mr. Davies said, had been objected to by the Town Clerk, but he thought if the statements he had made were true there was strong evidence that grevious bodily harm nad been inflicted. The evidence of the witnesses was then heard, Dr. Wein thy being the first to be called.. . . .

Dr. Ith;Carthi said be was called into prosecutor's house between six and seven o'clock on the evening of the 2nd Feb. Allen was unconscious when he got there and the doctor made an examination, fie found that he had a contusion of both Ups and was cut on the left side of the lower lip,a lacerated wound from three-quarters to half an inch long on the left side cf the lowerlip which penetrated the lip. On his noso there was no external injury, but it was turned to one side. There was 3 COGl- tusion on the scalo in thecentre of which was a lacerated ' wound about haif an inch long and not penetrat- ing the whala thickness of the skull ; this was above and a little behind the right temple. It was his opinion Olathe bass of the man's skull was fractured, which caused the unconsciousness. II thought the man had no chance of recoverv,and in consequence of finding him in that condition he su.gested the sending for a minister. Ho had no recollection of seeing that night PC. Phillips. He was of the opinion that the wound in the mouth was clused by ft butt, but he declined to say how the wounds on the Scalp were caused. It could have been caused by falling against the window sill and

\ .

might possibly have been caused by a kick. He became conscious on Tuesday morning. Witness attended pro- secutor as often as he thought necessary. He was pre- sent when Dr. Smith saw prosecutor.—Cross-examined by Mr. Browne the doctor said that • the wounds he saw were not caused by kicking. Dr. Smith saw Allen 15 days after the accident, and he was then convales- cent. Dr. T. Starkey Smith said that on Monday,the 18th of February he attended Albert Edward Allen with Dr. McCarthy-, and went at the desire of the sisters of the injured: mau, and he agreed with Dr. McCarthy, except that in addition to the wound on the top of the head there was fracture of the base of the skull which was caused by a kick or direct violence from the top of the ' head causing fracture of the skull. Concerning the' wound on the mouth, he agreed with Dr. McCarthy,but thought be had omitted to mention the bleeding of the nose, which would follow a fracture of the skull. ' Catherine Harrison, 22, Battersby-lane, who appeared to be reluctant to give evidence, said she remembered the Saturday night about five weeks ago she was near Russell's beerhouse, the " Glassmakers' Arms," and saw Allen about six o'clock. She heard the blow struck, and turned round and the defendant was " laving on " to Allen,who fell against the window stone and hurt his head. The other man ran away, and witness ran after him. Previously she said to defendant. " Don't kill him.' "Oh, there will be a murder." She did not see the con- dition of Allen as she was so uneasy. . . . .

Mary Amons, 95, Lyttigoes-lane, on the night in question was near Russell's beer-house at the corner of Crossley-street, and saw two men quarreling and saw Broadhurst strike Allen with his fist in the stomach and in conseqenee he fell to the floor. Witness heard the bump on the ground ; she was only about three yards away and corroborated as to tho conduct of Mrs. Harrison. She went to the prosecutor who was bleeding from the mouth and nose. She never saw Allen strike Broadhurst at all. She gave information to the police the same night and afterwards went to Mr. Browne's office with Broadhurst. She saw no kicking and went home with Allen and stayed till 9 o'clock. John Corlett, 10 years of age, son of George Corletts 68. Rriek-street, on the 2nd February was near Russell's beer-house at the corner of Crossley-street, and saw de- fendant and prosecutor there. Be saw the defendant knock Allen's head against the window-sill.and he fell on the floor from a shove. When he was on the floor he saw Broadhurst thump -Allen and kick him somewhere about the face. Mrs. Harrison he heard shout as stated and Broadhurst then ran down Crosslerstreet. Be also never saw Allen do anything to Broadhurst.—Under cross-examination by Mr. Browne he said that some of the young women said the man had been kicked but he himself had not seen it.

Anna Rushton (11 years of age) 49, Hopwood-street, after stating the same time and place said she saw the taller ot the two men there (Broadhurst) knock Allen down and also knock his head against the window-sill. She did not see Breadburst strike Allen when on the ground. Albert Edward Allen, the prosecutor, who appeared with his nose slightly turned, said he was a labourer en- gaged at Messrs. Rvlands' and resided with his sister at 5 Derby-street, and on Saturday the 2nd of February he went to the '• Gardeners' Arms," and when he got to Brick-street at the corner of Crossley.street about four o'clock he met Broadhurst and spoke to him as Mr. Davies previously stated. At the "Gardeners' Arms" the landlady would not admit them saying they had had enough. At the " Ropemakers Arms" he went through the proceedings described and further corrcborated his solicitor. Witness in describing the assault said that defendant caught hold of is jacket and butted him in the face. When he was on the floor defendant struck him in the face. He did not know how he got the wound on the head. Defendant would not let him get up when he asked. Witness had had no quarrel with Broadhurst before.—Cross-examined by Mr. Browne he said they had been chums all their lives. He admitted having a drink or two before dinner and also that he and a young man had had some words in Mrs. Cook's public-house. He denied going to the " Manx Arms" and asking Broadhurst to help him in a fight. Prosecutor also de- nied seizing Broadhurst by the scarf at the throat and attempting to strangle him, but admitted being drunk at the time and being refused admission to the " ,Rope- makers' Arms." The prisoner's friends had supplied him with beef and fresh eggs since the occurrence, and he said that he wished the defendant no harm. He would be satisfied with compensation. It was by hies degire that Mr. Davies prosecuted. Mr. Browne said Mr. Whittle came to see him because he thought there was no case. Mr. Davies said Mr. Whittle had no right to say any- thing about the case till be heard it. Inspector Spinks said that he first heard of the matter on the Saturday night and in company with D.S. Monag- han saw Broadhurst and told him that they had come to make enquiries as there was a man seriously injured and it was alleged that he was mixed up with it more or less. Broadhurst said "No, I have not seen Allen or spoken to him since Friday. I have heard that the two men that did it went towards the barracks." Witness called again at 11.25 on Sunday night, and defendant said "What do you want now," and witness replied, " We have come for you this time." Witness told detenoant the condi- tion of prosecutor and defendant expressed a wish to see Allen; but he could not. He was afterwards charged with doing grievous bodily harm with intent to murder Allen and he replied to witness "I went to Mrs. Cook's and she refused me, and then we went to Rawlinsou's in Crossley-street. We had two pints, one each, and whilst we were in, Allen drunk another man's beer but paid for him a gill afterwards. I was taking him home afterwards when he commenced his monkey. I fait him as he was choking me. The reason I didn't tell you at first was because I did'nt think Allen was as bad as he is." Inspector Spinks said delendant was a very decent young man and had a comfortable home and a respect- able wife. He told the defendant that he would net leave a stone unturned to clear the matter from the first.

Mr. Browne said that friends would club together and offered £5 compensation. Mr. Davies lam pleased to hear it.

Mr. Garnett, the only magistrate left after a three hours' sitting, said he did not think there was any prima facie case. There was, he said, no doubt that Broad- hurst had had a very narrow escape. If it had turned out in death there would have been evidence found to take the case to the Assizes. He hoped it would be a lesson to both of them for life and advised them to take the pledge. The case was then dismissed, the parties to make their own terms. . .

Mr. Whittle said that Mr. Davies in openimg the case said he (Mr. Whittle) had attempted to stop the proceed- ings. He had, in fact, consulted the magistrates' clerk in the matter and he also thought there was no case and on going over the evidence he came to the same conclu- sion. Inspector Spinks coming to see him on Saturday morning he went to see Mr. White (the magistrates' clerk). They thought compensation was necessary and he went to Mr. Browne's office to see if his client would be prepared to pay compensation. With reference to ' blackguarding the woman he never blackguardect any- body, but only spoke seriously to her. It was not necessary to have two solicitors or two medical men in the prosecution. Mr. Davies in answer to what Mr. Whittle had said was never called on to explain about the matter until he heard it was in Court, and it was brought about by the remarks of the Chief Constable which he thought were properly made, after what had taken place that day. T 11,3 statements signed by the witnesses were entirely different from those given in the box. He Old the Town Clerk that the family wanted him to prosecute and he had allowed other solicitor + to prosecdte, and when the Town Clerk had been beholden to him in the way he had, he thought he was the last man to refuse. He was satisfied that the witnesses had been "got at" and he said it advisedly. Broadhurst attempted a crime which was certainly more than a common assault. Mr. Hunt (the chief constable) said he had sat there all the morning but did not want to have anything to say in the matter, except that on Saturday night, the 2nd of February, a report reached him with regard to the case and at his instruction steps were taken to get information. On Monday morning he came to hear direct that one of the chief witnesses had been tampered with, without any doubt whatever, and he had opposed bail being allowed on the strength of chat. That day there was a remand granted for three days, and at the end of that time a remand for a fortnight was granted, and alter that another remaod. He had heard of the kindness of the friends for the defendant towards the prosecutor,and as the time went on he aw every chance of the charge being reduced and something like mone- tary compensation offered. He was not surprised at what had taken place in that Court that morning.

The Court as then cleared, and on reaching the street it was seen that the interest in the ease had in- creased for the people 11211.1 am-et. could be numbered by hundreds. -

BE WISB 1N Tlaih, Sufferers from Gr vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism an 4 Cout will find a positive Core in Holrov,i's Gravel Phis. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. lid,. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaton, Yorks. Dori% be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be at next post.—Adr.

An address to Mr. Gladstone, in which he is referred to as a " true-hearted Christi in aid great Englishman, who has extended from a distant country the hand of clemency and humanity" is hoing ext-nsively signed by Armenians throughout the Caucasus. An address is also being signed for presentation to Mr. Stevenson, M.P.

The Executive Council of the United Textile Factory WorkPro' Association at a meeting held on Tueaday in this city considered the pruvtsions of the new Factory Bill of the Government. It was agreed that the mirisure was one which, it pasiied, would be at much benefit t textile operatives.

Everybody wonders bow the Pearson Pottery Compsny Hanley, Can sell 100 pieces of crockery for one guinea (21 Is). Get a post card at °tn.,. and send for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes &c.., de. Ilyerytody pleasur.,Piy surprised. All for one guinea. If you wish to sayeononey, wr.te to the I'llO2BON POTTF.filt CO., Hanley. for ka:t t,:olars.—AdLt,

• ! ! X STOP UNE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Doctor. what will you recommend for my Childreo's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY.

Fr UDoR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for rat disorders of ths Chrst Throat. 'tad Lungs. It never falls to givr instant rrlied mad does- not contsiu Laadanum, Opium, or Morphis.

ECONOUISH YOUR HEALTH. kIE.I:,T TS TH FIUST.6WBALT.H. -

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation,!an,4 are especially ev.posed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BB WISH IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger bat go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

BALSAM OF HONEY.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PATENT

IT IS I NVALUA.BLB for weak-chested men, delioat women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It eu-es Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Tightuess of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping C ughs. jr, cures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT If von have a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try It; it you have Bmnchitis, try it. It loosen= the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warim.li arl comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you h Are lost nights o: rest,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RE AD ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When y• m are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bonged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general te?liar. of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it. There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up. to date : it triOkles into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT' BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase sonn-thing else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and tske on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Ddly. Thousands of Testimont as to hand from al!. parts of the World.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
:READ OF FURTHER.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTTIYIOF YOUR CONSIDERATION.

SIR-My wife desires me to say that your Tudor William!, Balsam of Honey his proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as .a cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at onoe administered, and his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action oi the Balsam is marvellous, and the little, ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTR El J. 13HHTT, Headmaster Severn Turin March 16th, 1E92.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON STILL FURTHER.

A Carliff Chemist says :—I have larger sales for Tudo William's BAlsam of Honey than any other Cowl, Cure, That's the opinion of all chemists.

PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OP IT ALL OVER THR WORLD.

Dowla's, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July. 1892. DEAR MUM" write to say that your Tudor Williams. Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My boy David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, coutdn's sleep at night for it, atri neither could anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. A few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONRS, Esq., High Constable.

Sold by all ChemZsts LIII Store 3 all over he World I Is. lid, 2s 9d, tnO4s 6d bottles. Samplebott Assent post 3,a1cl for Is 3d 3s, and ss, from the Inventor. D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, 11.D.5.L.,

MEDICAL IIkLL, ABERDARE. WALES

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS To Cure Eczema, Skin imssirannu Eruption;, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Wa1131914. Bad Legs and Sores, use Clj"%V ICK'S SKIN OINTMENT and BLOOD - TABLET'S. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION Either Ointment or Tablets, Is. lid., from all Chemist;; post free Is. 33.. from MARTIN. Chemist, Southampton. Agents BOOTS. Cash Chemists, Warrington. SPEAKMAN Z 7. Bridge-et., Runcorn. RUPTURE CURED.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUPTURE CURED.

RUPTURE CURED The afflicted are respectfully notified that Mr. S. J. SHERMAN. Hernia Spe -MA. will continue t practice at his OLD and ONLY BRANCHCHAMBEE9 in MANCHESTER. 26, KING-STRLET (during the whole of the year 1896 , where he so long has had such LNPARALLED SUCCESS in the treat- ment of the MANY THouse.NDS who nave applied to him for relief and cure of rupture at 26, KING-STREET, MANCHESTER. London address 64. Chancery-lane, where he attends ALTERNATE Weeks. Send 7d. tor his NEW 800 on RUPTURE end other useful information, now Post FREE 7d. NOTE. —His only address in MANCHKSTER is 26 KING-STREET, which is convenient to al, Railway Stations. Cattums Ifi CAUTION!! ! CAUTION Ii ! Beware a untrue and mislead- ing advertisements now appearing in Manchester and other newspapers. Do no• bi deceived. His old and only address inManchester is 26, King-st., and remember Let no other person bearing the nuns of SHERMAN has until just within. th e past few aye ever had any address whatever in Manches- ter. S. J. SHERMAN is the only person bearing that name who has Ltd offices in Manchester tor some years past, and he is the actual and only person who has effected the wonderful Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere throughout Great Britain during that period.

T 0 WLESC HLORODYNE A. k Tor anti tate. uu other. T 0 WLE'SCHLORODYNE IMXDIArnt riIOWLE'SniILORODYNE Rzumin _ _ _

TO WLE'SCHLORODYNE COUGHS, ToWLE'SCHLORODYNE 11(F147/.374* BRONCHITIS. TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE con x. TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE ASTHMA, ToWLE'SCHLORODYNE DIA-2211Caa• TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE SPASMS' kg. isict. per Bottle.. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

" TOBACCONE.I,I cc•rnrnencing " hid. g,Ticle (259 pages) 3d TOBACCONISTN. CO.-166, lioiston-zoad,London. manager, 117. NI7EnI Lit. IeGG.

THE LATEST PIVITO of Mr. GL LDSTONE is bring GIVEN AWAY with Mr. W. IL Lucy' life of the great Statesmen just published at the popular price of 1/ la Messrs. 4111.. n.. itallee- mtu S.ries to be otrtaine I of all booksellers bound in cloth, OlL—Advt.

"AS A SAT% PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE" for Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Wood Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, " It is c-rtalnly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testim mials Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless mitations and substitutes.—.ldct. (3)

5. AU k,pe or comfort In my home had died Until the :'.I.A.TCHLBSS CLEANSER SOAP I tried.

voyat ,s,s say Oriteilav " 6TAbiell UL0,.6 uursivalled for Irs s beautiful Ontsh to et.trehed I.ller, tal her cold or lloilleg water starch. Mr. Corn- wl..r6 wtfo will not Anis): ,lor linen withotit. koor "61am:it irorri Mrs. —, tiratitord "Dear mit,— I am pleased to Inform van that I have tried inany so-called Starch Olakma and 17AillisLes, but and none equal to yours." It (Mould be tarai in cvery house. Suld at Id.. Sd... and 64.1-, luost'statCh ale-i. not in stock will prom'', 't i. CRlTCatila. Rloki.om.PrOPrittAt.-4dvt.

WORTH KNOWIN'i..—WOOOMNIFS FAMOUS NINM OILS. is * boon to entrerers and IoCtS like magic in all oases of RTINT.IMATISM, SPRAINS. BRUISES. and STIFF JOINTS. Prile la. 4d. r.or bottle, wriage pald.--J.WooDEND. Chmist.22. Pitt-street. liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
°

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleaaant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try thorn a. 14 prove Lheir value tor yourselves.

Sold everywhere in packets, Is. 10. and 2s. 91., or post ire 14 or 34 stamps, J, PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, .:,LINCHESTER•(Iate Chorltou-roll

•

-HERE ARE PLASTERS,:AND PLASTERS

P INAR's

AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind or Sick- ness, DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAWS PINE PLAFTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affections. Back Ache, Side tche, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatic,: in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. 111EY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Gratdul, Comforting. Stimniating, AND LitACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM.

Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. BEST AND CHEAPEST CEIEST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for 90. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICH—Mr. A. E. Lewty. Chemist.

CONSUMPTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to sufferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be per- manently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Write with full confidence to Mr. WILLIAMS. 11, Bureood Place, Norfolk Crescent. London. He will send you full particulars free of all Charge.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
iLttters to fin etittor.

CHURCH HISTORY AT STOCKTON HEATH. Sir,—ln these progressive days,when Disestablishment is looming large on the horizon of futurity, it is of course to be expected that church " defenders " should make strenuous efforts to avert the impending catastrophe. But this surely does not warrant their trading upon popular ignorance of ecclesiastical history, to the extent of deliberately stating that which is historically false. A more flagrant perversion of histery never was penned or uttered, than Mr. Westbrook's assertion that, during the reign of the Conqueror, the Bishop of Rome had no jurisdiction in this realm. If the Pope had no juriscPc- tion in England between the years 1066 and 1087, what could Lanfranc, the first Norman Archbishop of Canter- bury, have meant by speaking thus in 1072: "Is it not ingrained in the consciences of all Christians that in respect to St. Peter's successors no less than to himself they • must tremble at their threats and yield joyful acclamation to their lofty graciousness when they indulge; in all ecclesiastical matters then, at last, a dispensation is valid, when it has been approved by the judgment of the suc- cessors of Blessed Peter." The council at which the fore- going was said was held in Winton by command of Pope Alexander, and had for its object the settlement of a dis- pute which had arisen between the Archbishops of Can- terbury and York cenceruingithe primacy claimed by the former over the latter. The question was decided,on the strength of former Papal decrees, in favour of Canter- bury,and the results of this conciliar enquiry were duly communicated to the reigning Pontiff. And yet there are writers and lecturers in these fin-de•sikle days, who do nO scruple to assert that during the reign of William I. the Pope had no jurisdiction in Eugland ! That asser- tion is far from being made good by the Conqueror's re- fusal to do homage to the Bishop of ROLLA. By Papal Supremacy is meant the Pope's pre-eminent authority in viritual matters. To acknowledge and submit to this Vile king never refused. The authority to which he de- clined to bow was of an entirely different order. It must be remembered that the Roman Pontiff, besides being head of the Church was a temporal ruler,the most power- ful ef hislagelAs a temporal ruler the Norman duke re- garded hin2,when he refused to do homage for his newly acquired kingdom. He never denied that the Pope was spiritually supreme, and it is this spiritual supremacy which is an essential feature of the Catholic system, and recognition of which,coupled with submission te it ccnstitutes communion with the Roman See. England participated in this communion throug- ‘. out the reign of the Conqueror, as well as before and after.—Obediently yours,

===== 0002601_18950316_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AUG. J. HILTON.

31, Arthur-road, North Brixton, London, S.W. larch sth, 1895.

ESTABLISHED AND ENDOWED.

- Sir,—Lord Cross reminded the assembly at the Church Defence meeting on Monday evening that he was brought up as a lawyer. In following the profession of an advocate his Lordship resorted to the advocate's device of telling just as much fact as would assist his case, and studiously suppressing everything that would tell against him. Thus, while Lord Cross may be said to have spoken the truth, he did not tell " the whole truth and nothing but the truth." He said " the church existed before there was a Parliament,and therefore the Church never was established." Now whilst there is an modicum ot truth in this statement talren as a whole, it is a monstrous perversion of the truth ,as it is entirely at variance with historical fact. The church grew up with ether portions of the constitution which may be said never to have been estanlished.and ultimately it became part and parcel of the constitution itself, though the the clergy never fully became the servants of the state as the officers of other portions of the constitution became. Parliament adopted the religion of the church as the national religion, that is, Parliament established the Church of England and made provision for its maintenence by granting tithes to the church. Royal and other influential personages granted lands to the church which in former times derived its income from the following sources :—Rent of lands, fines on renewals of leases of church estates, glebe and augmentatioa lands,tithes iow eonverted into a rent charge,surplice fees, pew rents, and other incon- siderable sources. The church, however, became such a great landowner (and it should be said that these lands were freed from charges of every kind) that Parliament positively became afraid of its power, and in the end, turned the monks adrift and disendowed the church. Even at the time of the Reformation,the church possessed one-fifth of the soil of the kingdom, and at the present day it obtains its finances from land, *ad tithe rent charges. When the feud with the Pope was at an end, and the Church of England became Protestant, legal provision was made in the days of Elizabeth for the maintenance of the national religions and Parliament has ever since taken a fatherly interest in the church, which it thus established and endowed, When Queen Anne was on the throne, the woeful condi- tion of the poor clergy was represented to her with such *loving effect that she made over to the church some 270,000 which had formerly been annually paid to the Pope, and which, since the monarch had become the head of the Church, had flowed into the Queen's Trea- sury. To this large endowment, Parliament voted several substantial additions, until at length, over a unillic.n pounds sterling helped to swell the sum total of what is known as Queen Anne's Bounty. Thus we see how the church has obtained its endowments, and what connection it has with the State. To say, as Churchmen do, that the Stabs does not aid the ehurch is untrue. Parliament has always exercised its right to deal with the Church,and is at perfect liberty to do so now.—Yours, kc.

A STUDENT•

CHURCH AND STATE. Sir,—The upholders of the connection between Church and State afire.' that with the exception of £2,600.000 voted by Parliament, all the property the E,tabhshed Church now enjoys has been given to the Church by generous but mysterious "pious ancestors," and that with this property the State has no concern. This is an utter fallacy. That the Church has been,and is,subject to the control of the State, is proved by numerous Statutes. is an establishment she never had any prop- erty in her own right. She has held, and now holds her possessions from the State,and from the State alone. She has been, and is, subject.' to the rulings of the State, and not to ally "pious ancestors' " will. Kings, Dulls, and Commons in the days of Edward VI. turned out Ro- man Catholicism,as the State paid ecclesiastical system. Queens, Lords, and Commons brought it in again in the days of Queen Mary. Queen Elizabeth re-instated Pro- testant episcopacy, and, later, Parliament unceremoni- ously ousted it and established Presbyterianism. Charles 11. restored episcopacy, and the Protestant Episcopal Church obtained the endowments again. But these en- dowments were aot hers any more than they belonmi to Presbyterians, her immediate predecessors. They belonged to the State as the State, and, had the Commonwealth lasted a little longer, there is no saying but what a fresbyterian Church of England might have been at the present moment the State Church, and the episcopal Protestant Church of England a very secondary form of religious worship ! Would that have been agreeable to the Church and State defenders? The establishment of the Church of England for the third ime was nothing more than an accident. That Miura as an establishment, is capable of being unmade by the same power that created her. To say the State has provided only £2,600,000 for the Church,is to talk nonsense. To prove thislan examination must be made into the State"sops'lhat have fallen to the lot of the clergy in the rnetropolis,who have been and are a highly favoured race of ecclesiastics. Ninety-seven churches in the metropolis by an Act in the 37th reign of Henry VIII. received in 121 years, by the levying of a rate of 25.9 d. in the £ on rentals out of the perple the sum of £8.215,900. That Church is not State paid. Oh, no. I will give you an instance in Warrington. St. Paul's Church, in Bewsey-st., Warrington, was conse- crated in 1631 Of this church the Rev. 3. D. Massing- ham was appointed' incumbent in 1863. This rev gentle- Inan in Holy Trinity schools, Over Darwen, on the Ist rebruary, 1876, denied the allegation that the clergy

were State paid. He was paid apart from the State,and if anyone could show him that he received State pay,he would divide it with him. The "pious ancestor "did not defray the cost of the building of St. Paul's. The structure cost £5,489, and in August, 1831, a grant of £4,239 of State money was made,and here they go spout log up and down denying the fact. These are facts that cannot be denied. fly all means let us disestablish the Church and put all churchls and chapels on an equal footing. Let us have religious equality by all means.— Thanking you in anticipation, yours truly, J. N... CLAYTON. 54, Padgate-lane, Warrington.

CHURCH HISTORY AT STOCKTON HEATH.— " THE CASE OF MAGNA CHARTA." Sir,—Oae among the multitude of "arguments," used by the "Church defending "party, in. these criti- cal times, is that the "Church of England" was de- clared free, in the Great Charter of Liberties. There happens to be put forth by these advocates of the Church in danger, two different versions of this pas- sage in the Charter. When they are contending against the Catholics they say that the passage meant freedom from Papal domination; but when they are I on the Church preserving stump, they tell us it meant freedom from the State. They always forget one vital truth in this consideration of Magna Charts. The Church of England spoken of by the Charter was not the crea- ture of the State which goes by that name to-day. It was a part of that great historic Catholic Church which acknowledged the supremacy of Peter and his successors in the See of Rome. It was in full communion, not only with the See of Rome, but it held the same identi- cal doctrines as were held by the whole of united Chris- tendom. The constitutional law of the land declared that the Pope had jurisdiction over all in spirituals, and that the crown had none. But that was said of the true Catholic Church and not of the " Church created by the State" The freedom conceded by the Charter was the freedom which the true Catholic Church of England demanded, viz., first, freedom of election ; secondly, freedom from secular jurisdiction ; thirdly, freedom of appeal to the Roman See in all ecclesiastical matters : freedom from those" arbitrary customs," against which Lanfranc, St. Anselm, and St. Thomas A Becket fought so strenuously. Be it always remembered that King John, on behalf of the Crown, was made to sign the Charter in great measure by the agency o f Stephen Langton, a cardinal of the Roman Church ! Where now is the freedom of the " English Church ?" Is freedom of election secured to the so called English Church ? Does the church elect her own bishops ? No, decidedly no ! The State is complete master over the law-Church of England, and whilst it deals out with one band a Lefroy to Norwich, it presents with the other hand a Sheepshanks to that See. The freedom of election in the State church is a legal fiction—the Dean and Chapter dare not refuse the no ninee of the Crown, so that the freedom promised in the Charter does not exist in the establishment. The ' evidence of Bracton, Chief Justice of England, exposes the fallacy of the whole church defence position,without the necessity of discussing the merits of every dispute over ecclesiastical matters during a period of some five hundred years. How people can go up and down the country, as do [these "Church defending" gentry, asserting that they represent the old Catholic Church mentioned in the great charter, is incomprehensible! They claim the endow- ments which belonged to this old Church of England, on the strength that they belong to that same old church, but Bractou says the Pope is over all in spirituals! There is one piece of evidence which is enough to drive them for ever from their false position on this subject, and that evidence is the oath taken by the prelates of the old Church of England, contrasted with the oath taken by the prelates of the new Church of England, at their con- secration. I will ask you to print them side by side, so that your readers will be able to judge for themselves, of the truth of church defence! Oath of ancient Oath of Anglican Archbishops. Prelates. "I, Robert, Archbishop "I, A. 8., Doctor in I of Canterbury, from this Divinity, now elected, hour forward, will be faith- confirmed,and consecrated tul and obedient to St. Bishop of . . . do hereby Peter, to the Holy Aposto- declare that your Majesty lic ioman Church, to my • is the only supreme gover- Lord Pope Celestine, and his nor of this realm in spiri- successors, canonically sue- tual and ecclesiastical ceeding. I will Bovine my things. . . . . I ack- order, give aid to defend and nowledge that I hold the to maintain against every said bishopric, as well as man the primacy of the the spirttualittes and Roman Church and the temporalities thereof,only royalty of St. Peter. . . I from your Majesty," &c. will visit the thresholds of the Apostles every three years, either in person m• by my deputy, unless I be absolved by Apostolic dis- pensation. . . . . So help me God and these holy Gospels." Wilkins: 11. p. 199. Collier: Vol. I. p. 636. Oath taken also by Arch- bishop Ceolneth, A.D. 830. Oh continuity! thy natne is gammon.—Yours, &c., HIST° R ICUS.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM; IS IT ROBBERY?

Being a constant reader of your paper, and reading the letters on the above subject, and daring to differ in opinion from the great autocrat,Tony Lumpkin, I make bold to pen a few theughts,for the perusal of your intelli- gent readers,not in the least expecting to broaden Tony Lumpkin's views on human life and its social surround- ings. Now, sir, touching the phrase, " nationalisation of land "T. L. says, using his own words " now, it is quite true—undeniably correct—to say that over and over again the land we love and live upon has been stolen—wrested by violence—from its previous posses- sors." These are Tony's own words, not the glib sav- ings of a " mad Socialist," but the wise words of the great Tony Lumpkin, and herein is where I must agree with the Great I Am. This being a fact, I would like to ask how long does it take—what length of time must elapse, to make stolen goods—honourable and honest commercial commodities ? How long does it take for what was wrong to grow into a right ? It what rate per annum do invalid claims become valid ? If a title gets perfect in a thousand years, how much more than perfect in two thousand years ? Coming to the point, there are two propositions before us—one is private ownership, the, other is land for Lilo people. T. L. admits the fact that private ownership has been brought about by robisery and violence, and because the Socialists &aim that this is so, and desire the people to take it back, and use it gaily for the benefit of the State, 'Pony Lumpkia dares forsooth quote scripture in condemnation of their desire, saying "Cursed is the man who removeth his neighbour's land- mark, and how deeply and doubly damned must he be who not only removes tho marks but the land also." Why, Tony, you curse your own idols, for it is the land- lords who have not only taken the marks but the land also. It is very evident, sir, from T. L.'s position and reasoning that private ownership in land is quite equit- able and just. What then is the result ? The following problem is the net outcome: If one portion of the earth's surface may justly bee.ome the possession of an individ- ual, and may be held by him for his sole us, and benefit as a thing to which he has an mrclusive right, then other portions of the earth's surface may be so held, and eventually the whole of the earth may be so, and our planet may thus lapse altogether into private hands. And mark the dilemma to which this leads. Supposing the entire globe to be thus inclosed, it follows that if the landlords have a valid right to its surface, all who are not landowners have ne right at all to live thereon ; hence such can exist on the earth by sufferance only, they are all trespassers, save by the permission of the lords of the soil. Nay, should the landlords think fit to deny them a resting place, these landless men might equitably be expelled from the earth altogether. It is manifest then, that an exclusive possession of the soil necessitates an infringement of the law of equal free dom, for men who cannot live and move and have their being without the leave of others, cannot be equally free with those others. Passing from the consideration of the possible to that of the actual, we find yet further reason to deny the rectitude of property in land. It can never be pre- tended that the existing titles to such property are legitimate. Violence, fraud, the prerogative of force, the claims of superior cunning—these are the original deeds, written with the sword rather than with the pen, not lawyers but soldiers. Blows were given for payment, and for seals blood was used in preference to wax. Just a word in conclusion, Mr. Editor. Ido not want a battle of words with Tony Lumpkin, but I am open for a hard,moraLand logical discussion, not throwing of mud and slime and shouting names. The hope that a clearer insight may be gained into the great problem of poverty in our midst, is the desire of yours respectfully, ROSEBUD.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 16 1895

===== 0002601_18950316_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM MEANS THE WORLD FOR TI

WORKERS.

" Honi snit qui mal y petie."

Sir,—After very carefully wading through what pur- ports to be a letter from Tony Lumpkin in your last iseue,l most say that I found in it a deal of coarse abuse without a single word of sound argument adduced. I do not propose to resort to Billingsgate language and mud-throwing, but I am open to argue every point of the Social Democratic Federation programme through the Press or on the platform with and against all corners, Tony Lumpkin included. Individualism has had an innings.has been tried and found wanting. Even Tony Lumpkin, I presume,would confess that all is not well with the present state of affairs the world over. A remedy to the existing evils is what is wanted, and the socialikic programme if carried out would cure all and every social evil now existing. Why not every honest man in these realms try and help all he can to save the country from the utter ruin and anarchy it is running to ? I wish to cut it short to-day,and as I have no time to write much, I will simplrgive you some instances of

nroven facts of robbery perpetrated in out ' midst in the light of day. The first is an extract from " Justice," Saturday, March 2nd : " The cotton duties in India passed the House of Com- mons by an overwhelming majority after an ab.urd scare had been got up by the Liberal papers that the , Government was in danger! We shall ere long have the most serious reasons to consider the economic con- dition of India. As the writer of this note has pointed out for the last eighteen years, the bankruptcy of our great dependency is inevitable. It is now close at hand. More than that, it would have been proclaimed last year if a loan of £10,000,000 in gold had not been contracted in England, to pay interest, home charges, etc. For our part the sooner forced repudiation comes the better we shall be pleased. The continuance of the present system which drains the very life-blood out of British India for the sole benefit of interest receivers, officials and ex-officials at home is nothing short of imfamous. A general revolt of the natives in euch circumstances would not only be justifiable but highly laudable. The worst of it is all of the men who have been at the head of the Indian Treasury know, and have admitted, in their confidential reports that this awful drain of over £2,000,000 a year reckoned in gold, and now about £50,000,000 reckoned in silver, means and must mean the utter ruin of the country. But they keep silence and pocket their possessions at home. In the face of the catastrophe impending the cotton duties business is a silly affair." Second, la 4 week's" Truth," brought out a very gross abuse about Lord Dudley's mining rights. By an act obtained by one of his ancestors over a hundred years ago, the Earl has the right of mining over the whole of rensett chase near Boreslev Hill, without liability for damage to property on the surface. The result is that in district after district, houses have been ruined ; and just lately between thirty and forty people in Quarry Banks have received notice to quit their houses pending mining operations, which are bound to bring about their I collapse. "' Those houses be it observed do not belong to Lord Daley, In many instances they are the free- hold property of the actual occupiers and represent the savings of a life-time. Not one ot these poor free-holders, hewever, is entitled to a penny compensation." Third, at the last sitting of the Camberwell 'Vestry the agenda paper contained a statment by Dr. F. L. Teed,the Dublin analyst,to the effect that 28 samples of milk t Ikea in the last quarter, 13 or 45-4 per cent, were adulter- ated. The same authority states in the last annual re- port that the people of Camberwell pay £lOO,OOO per annum far water in their milk, and ascribes the high rate of infant mortality to low nutrition consequent upon the infants being fed with it. The matter was re- ferred to the Sanitary Committee. All these dishonest proceedings are being carried on all round by the" thrifty 'individualists "and Tony ap- proves of the system and is afraid of a change. All we Socialists ask for is " Dieu at notre Droit."—Yours :raternally,

A. BROUCHEMITE.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CYCLINIII. The natural impatience of the members of the War- rington Cycling Club to vnake a start in the season's runs is likely to be allayed to-day, when a run has been arranged for,to Crouton. The fulfilment of the arrange- ment, of course, depends upon the weather, but if the God of rain is in the ascendancy the committee have made arrangements for the members to go by 'bus. For the forthcoming season inter-club runs have been arranged with the Manchester Wheelers and Ramblers, Sale C.C., Widnes C.C., and Longsight B.C. The Good Friday run is to Rawarden, though a number of cyclists will probably go en tour in North Wales,where the favourite resorts are Llangollen, Berwyn, Barmouth and Dolgelly. From the commencement of the season the only thing necessary for the full enjoyment of a 1 successful summer's programme is fine weather, and if hopes and wishes have any influence that is ensored.

FOOTBALL. The Warrington football team has not covered itself with glory during the present week. Successive defeats in four days by Wigan and Rochdale Hornets are not very encouraging. It is getting very disheartening to have to report week after week these defeats, all the more so when it is considered that Warrington have al- most invariably as much of the game as their oppon- ents. Lack of finish is the factor which contributes to this result. Could the players combine better And seize chances of scoring, a different tale would be told. The defence is all right, and it is only the attacking power which is wanted. I

--- Since the present year came in Warrington has not won a match, but none of these defeats have been run- away one, which proves the assertion that the defence is good. The heaviest defeat was by Rochdale St. Clements, who won by a goal and a try to nil, but tkis result was largely due to the inclusion of Bowen. The other matches played this year were Salford who won by the goal kick, Wigan, who won by a dropped goal, and Rochdale Hornets, who won by a try. Such narrow defeats as these make them all the more tantalising.

It was admitted on all sides that the match with Wigan on Saturday, was one of the best ever seen between the two clubs. There was an almost total absence of that feeling which tends to spoil the game. Matches with Wigan are usually expected to be a long wearisome series of scrimmages, but the game on Satur- day was as open as anyone could wish. Wigan were very fortunate in winning the toss, for they had a very strong wind behind them in the first half, but which moderated greatly in the second half. Notwith- standing the assistance of the wind, all Wigan could do was to drop a goal, which, however, was sufficient to win them the game. In the second half, in addition to losing the help of the wind, the rain commenced to some down in torrents, and therefore good play was out of the question, and the ganse became nothing but a scramble. It was almost an impossibility to get away with the ball, so that Warrington failed to equalise.

Boscow kept up his form at the match, and saved his side repeatedly. Among the three-quarters, Barber and Burton put in some capital work, and had cruel luck several times. Ileesonn was not equal to his usual form, and how he missed dropping a goal in the second half and thus saving the match, is a mystery. Massey did not come up to expectations. He had too •nuch difficulty in getting away but once started he required some stopping. Bate and Houghton were quite equal to Lialliwell and Mitchinson, while there was not much to choose between forivards,Wigan being slightly the better. Takee all round, it cannot be denied that four points about represents Wigan's superiority, but had Warring- ton won the toss, it is probable that the boot would have been on the other leg.

Warrington had a capital chance of bagging two points at the expense of Rochdale Hornets on Tuesday,as that teain is at present in difficulties owing to loss of players. Intead of gaining the points, however, the Hornets got them instead, and now Warrington have only Broughton Rangers below them in the league table. They are however relatively in a better position than either Swinton or Rochdale Hornets, ,considering the number of matches played.

A draw would more fairly have represented the match at Rochdale, for the teams were vere eve„-ily matched. The solitary try gained by the Hornets was.: ibtained less than a minute before the whistle blew for half time. The ground was in a very bad condition, and was altogether against good play. Had Barber played howefer, it is very possible that the game would have resulted other- wise than it did, for there were many chances on the wing he usually plays, in which a quick runner could ' have dashed in easily. The department in which War- rington were inferior to the Hornets, was the forward, a department which in former years was their strong point, but now that the old players are dropping out, it is ex ceedingly difficult to fill their places.

The result of the League competition up to the present date is shown in the following table. Per. Apt. Pid. Won. Lost. Den. G.T. 111.T.Pts. Tyldesley Oldham 7 . 4 3 . 0 . 7 14... 2 7... 8 St. Helens 7 . 4 3 . • . 6 7... 2 6... 8 Swinton Rochdale Hornets Warrington Broughton Bangers Leigh (on September 19), Salford (October 16), and Wigan (November 13),having been suspendel I for professionalism, williaot take may part in the competition this season.

The A team reversed the result of the previous match with Wigan. When the Wigan juniors came to War- rington, they went back in a joyous mood, having been victorious over the team which used to be the best A team in Lancashire. Warrington were able to treat the Wigan Ato the same dish on Saturday, when they visited Wigan. In these two matches, the rather rare occurrence has taken place, of each team being victori- ous on its opponents' ground.

The drawing for the fourth round in the Warrington Association Cup Competition took place on Monday night. the result beiug as follows :—Sutton Victoria v. Parr Victoria, St. Elphin's v. Warrington, Parr or Run- corn v. Newton-le-Willows or Earlestown Victoria, Barnton Rovers V. Barnton Albion. The following re- ferees were appointed :—Sutton Vics. v. Parr Vies, Mr. Naylor ; St. Elphin's v. Warrington, Mr. Catterall ; Parr or Runcorn v. Newton or Etrslestown Vies., Mr. Appleton ; Barnton Rovors v. Barnton Albion, Mr. Lewis. The time for the kick-off was fixed at 3.30.

SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treedle £4 4s. with handsoms walnut cAlver.—J. and W. Mirror., 16 and 18. Sankev-'t.. Warrington —Advt SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s.with handsome walnut cover.-3. and W. DtTrrON, 16 and 18 San key-at... Warrington.—Adrt. CYCLI3B,—GARLAND, Bole Agent, Bridge-st., Warring- ton. ALL Honsintorm Lreirit hemmed and marked, free ellargd.-4. and W. DUTTON, Sankay-st.. Warrington.—

===== 0002601_18950316_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

JUVENILE TEMPLARY.

The usual weekly session of the Earlestown Gleam of Sunshine Juvenile Temple was held in , the C9-operative Hall, on Tuesday evening. There was a good muster of Juveniles, about 140 being present. An address was given by Bro. A. Morris, S.J.T., which was very interesting and instructive. Bro. W. Smith, the Chief Templar, was responsible for the programme, which was very interesting throughout, songs, recitations and readings being I given by various Brothers and Sisters.

G.T. (EBENEZER LODGE). Ti.e usuu.l weekly session of the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Tuesday evening. The lodge was called to order at eight o'clock by Bro. J. Taylor, CT. One candi- date was proposed for membership. The programme of the evening was "Auction Night," the following taking part :—Sisters Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Woods,Mrs. Hall, Mrs. Foster; Bros. W. J. Taylor, T. Wharton, W. Brown, and J. Dickson. Songs, &0., were given by Bros. Roberts, Crowther, J. Taylor, and others. The programme was very interesting and successful both fivancially and otherwise. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

===== 0002601_18950316_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITTEE.

The first meeting of this committee since the formation of the District Council, was held at the Viaduct Institute, Earlestown, on Thursday, last week. The representatives of the Institute, on the committee are Messrs. J. W. and C. W. Emmett-, W. Crawford, and W. Davies,and for the District Coun- cil, Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, F. J. Wood, and W. Thompson. The business was of a purely routine character. !sir. J.W.Emmect was elected chairman and treasurer. Mr. F. Ormand was appointed sec- retary to the committee, and Mr. J. 11. Graham class secretary.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAILY.

The weekly session ot the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, on Monday evening. Bro. J. Miller, C.T., presided, and there was a gotad attendance of mem- bers. All the officers present wore the new regalia, which gave them a smart appearance. Three can- didates were admitted to membership. The block and gavel which was presented to the Convention on Saturday, was handed in by Sister Willis. A re- port of the Convention was given by Bro. E. New- man, and adopted. It was stated that the next meeting of the Convention would be held at Earles- -town, and a business committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. An interesting paper on" Tea," was read by Bro. Miller, and a discussion followed, several of the members taking part. Thanks were afterwards tendered the essay- ist for his paper.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE:

On Wednesday evening the weal fortnightly meeting of the Samuel Morley Section of cadets was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown. Bro. Gibbs, W.A., presided. After opening, and other business, readings were given by Bros. Pearson and Pickett,. At 8 o'clock the Britain's Need Division met in the same room, Bro. H. Jenkins, W.A., pre- sided in place of the Worthy Patriarch, who was prevented through sickness from being present. The Secretary in a few remarks on the good of the Order briefly showed the advantages of the Order and the security of its funds,the better benefits the members have than other societies, and he stated that the Sons of Temperance was the safest and best Sick Society in the district, and advised all young men to join a growing Society. A short en- tertainment was afterwards given by various mem- bers consisting of reading and recitations. EARLEBTOWN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. On Thursday evening the final tea in connection with the sewing meetings held for the purpose of preparing articles for the recent sale of work, took place in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom. There were about 35 present to tea, after which a meeting was held tor the purpose of presenting the financial statement of tbe bazaar, held on the 21st, 22nd, 23rd and 28th February. The Rev. E. R. Davies presided, and called upon Mr. Thomas Ormanti to 'submit the statement, which was as follows :-Receipts prior to sale of work: To revving meeting teas, April, 1892, to March, 1895, £42 10s. 8-0.; goods sold, £8 Os. 5d.; final tea, 17s. 6d.; t0ta1,£.51185.8d. Expenditure; voted to special fund of trustees, £l6 10s. ; sewing machine and repairs, £1 9s. •, box for goods, 4.; materials, £22 3s. 3d.•, total £4O 6s. 30., leaving a balance in bank of £ll 2s. 4.1 d. Receipts from sale of work : No. 1 stall, Mesdames Dobson, R. Sproston, E. J. George, Tomlinson, Bagnall, Watson, and Miss Newtoa, £37 9s. 71. ; No. 2 stall, Mesdames Ormand,Sargen- son, W. Austin, jun., J.Austin,Rawlings, Crompton, and Dring, £37 15s. id.; No. 3 stall, young ladies, £l4 10s. 41..; No. 4 stall, young men, £l3 12s. 6d. ; No. 5 stall, refreshments, £lO 13s. Btl. ; No. 6 stall, flowers, £3 16s. id.; No. 7 stall, toys and bran tub, £5 1 ls. 80.; goods sold since,9s.llo.; entertainments, £1 61.: galvanic battery, 168.7 d.; curiosities, 58. 7d.; advertisements on programme, £1 12s. 6d. ; tickets, £ll 17s. ;E. T. Evans' donation, £2 2s. ; Rev. E. R. Davies, .£1 103.; total. £143 Bs. 1. ; ex- penditure, .£8 18s. ; balance, £134 10s. 110., which with the amount of £ll 24. 40. balance from the teas, makes a grand total of £145 13s. 4d. in reduc- tion of the chapel debt. The Rev. E. R. Davies said the result he was sure would exceed their most sanguine expectations. They must have been sanguine individuals indeed if they expected any- thing like that amount. He expected .ClOO, but never thought they would realise so much as they had. (near, hear.) DEATH OF Nina. E. LOMAS, WARGRAVE.

It is with regret that we have this week to record the death of Mrs. Elizabeth Lomas, of Wargrave- road, Earlestown, wife of Mr. Robert Lomas, who for over 23 years held the appointment of deacon at the Congregational Church, Newton. The death occurred in the presence of her relatives on Monday morning last, after an illness of not more than six days. She had previously suffered from an attack of influenza, from which it was thought she had reco% ered, brit a relapse supervening, inflammation and pleurisy set in, unfortunately with fatal issues, at the age of 64 years. The deceased lady, who was held in great respect by her neighbours and acquaintances was the eldest daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Roberts of Ruthin, North Wales, who was one of the first detachment of workmen who came to Earlestown when the L. and N.-W.Co., took over the Viaduct Wagon Works. She was ene of the oldest residents in the town, having resided there something like 42 or 43 years. She had been a member of the mother's meeting held in Earles- town under the presidency of Mrs. Evans, of Hay- dock, for upwards of 20 years and was held in much esteem by her fellow members. She was also a member of the Congregational church for 35 years, and for many years was a useful worker in connec- tion with the church. Her loss will be greatly felt, not only by her husband, hut by the whole of her large circle of relatives. She was a woman of very even temperament, and the respect in which she was held was shown by the large number of floral wreaths which were placed on the coffin. The ,funeral took place on Thursday afternoon at the Congregational Church, Newton, the officiating minister being the Rev. James Allatt. A short and impressive service was conducted at the house by Mr. Allatt, and besides the immediate relatives of the deceased, the mem- bers a the mother's meeting attended to pay a last tribute of respect to the mentory of the deceased. The coffin was of polished oak, with solid brass mountings, and engraved plate bearing the inscrip- tion "Elizabeth Lomas, died March 11; 1895, aged 64 years." A large artificial wreath was sent by the deceased's husband and Mr. and Mrs. P. Roberts; other wreaths were sent by Mr. and Mrs. John Roberts, Misses Roberts (Manchester), Mrs. A. Roberts (Goole), Mr. and Mrs. Duncalf, Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson, Mr. and Mrs. Gilmour (Golborne), Mr. and Mrs. J. U. Walton, Mr. and Mrs. C. 11. Bod- mer, Dr. Patterson, and Mrs. Pritchard. The funeral arrangements were most efficiently carried out by Messrs. Evans and McClure of Earlestown.9l STRANGE CONDUCT OF A DRUNIZN MAN. A peculiar find was made by a Runcorn green- grocer named Mr. William Ackerley. early on Wed- nesday morning, when proceeding to his father's farm at Astmere, When nearing the bridge cross- ing the Bridgewater Canal at this village he saw a heap of clothing which on examination he found to consist of a pair of trousers, pair of shoes, cardigan jacket, pair of stockings and a scarf. He took pos- session of them and on returning to Runcorn,handed them over to the police. It was at once concluded that the owner of the clothing must have com- mitted suicide, but on investigation being made it was ascertained that it was a drunken freak. The person to whom the clothes belonged had partially undressed himself in t'le roadway, thinking himself at home. He fell asleep on same mossy bank hard ' by,and when he awakened he was unable to find his clothing. As may be imagined he had a very un- comfortable and nneviable walk,in his scanty attire to his house in the neighbonrhood of Clarence Ter- race, Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY.

(BY Mn. H. WHITEA.M.) If I venture to say a few words reflecting upon the wisdom of the advanced Radicals in forming a _ _ .

new party, I hope to be pardoned. It is surely clear to such that no mere geographical lines can be drawn in the world that the political or sociolo- . _ . .

gical idealist has fondly sketched in his imagina- tive brain. In plain English I want no one to say "Mind your own business Harry and we will mind ours." For myself I have seen for some years that the Labour Party is one, a simple unit. No matter what colour, sr what _nationality the competitive

system has forced us all into one camp. The great pity is, we cannot see this and act accordingly. Let me be understood here. While believing that

the Labour Party was never more severely p—ushed than it is to-day, 1 believe the same also applies to those whom we are in the habit of looking upon as capitalists, or, in other words, let us say our em-

ployers. The ordinary trade unionist preaches combina- tion and nothing but combination. He feels to have quite a heap of saintship about him when he gives forth the somewhat misleading phrase, " De- ience not Defiance." If he does once now and again see a glimmering of light and fancy it may be worth while to look into the ethics that are

supposed to be leading us on to a higher life, it will certaintly be as the tail end supporter of a party that has no real sympathy with trade union- ism, a party that has seen the utter inadequacy of meeting new conditions with old and obsolete methods.

Reform is now the watchword throughout the civilized world. It is seen that we are only wasting our time fignting capital with strikes and the like worn-out weapons. The law of evolution must teach us how to seize hold of the means it carries with it from age to age for the eradication of any disease afflicting the body politic. Capital is itself engaged in a death struggle. The small tradesman and the small manufacturer are being gradually, yet surely crushed out. A householder can now trade with one business firm. Everything he needs no matter what it may be—food, raiment or mental pabulum, may be had at the lowest cost, and yield- ing the smallest profit to the head, or heads, of the firm, yet enable them to grow rich. Two features stand out prominent, and cause the thinking man some trouble of mind. These are the centreing of the wealth of the world in the hands of a few, and the ever increasing amount of misery, dire misery. We might fairly add to these glaring features of every day life, that increasing amount of crime that has its source in the fertile and well educated brain of the intelligent man. Nothing has struck me so much during the past twenty years as the steady increase of crime among the class whom we of the proletariat are in the habit of looking up to as our pastors and masters. Is it a fact indeed that the prophecy has come out true, and that we are, nothing but educated devils ? The leading criminal cases, as reported in the daily press, are, in every description of court, those that are bred in the homes of the rich, and the oftces of those struggling to become so. The poor have no respect for the law nor the judge who administers it. They know the one is merely used by the other simply to keep we poor wretches in order. Yet all are not bad, we have not entirely gone, warp and woof to the devil, No, and the fact of this may be seen in the many efforts now being put forth to better the condition of things. Day by day we gain some little experience, and try, over a talk with our fellows, to give it practical effect. Out of this springs some new movement. A few cranks meet in some corner of Tooley-street, and at once declare that we, "the people of England have determined to down with everything." Some of us are tryisig to substitute universalism for individualism believing it to be the only ground principle. Possibly we are making a mistake in trying to alter the conditions of life, before alter- ing the morale of the man. Some of us are not satis- fied to go along any longer with the party that has had many watch words. Out of the word reform has sprung quite a numerous and illustrious pro- geny, not, the least of which has been the one which the readers of the " Examiner " have been proud to march under, and that is the word " Organize." Yes, we have known that we were right, knowing that, we have been anxious to press forward, throwing out, to right, and to left, the word that carried with it magical results "Organise." With this talis- man ever before us, we have forced the timid Whig to quit sitting on the rail. The weak-kneed Libe- ral has had to stand aside or suffer being snuffed out, while the good old Tory has stood aghast at the dizzy leap in the dark a Dizzy could force him to take. This, and the history only to be found in a good library, has been done with the aid of or- ganisation. I think were I in Warrington now I should not be a member of the Independent La- bour Party. As a Socialist I should stay in the ranks of the Liberal Party trying to influence it. In trying to build up the party and press forward my views in it I think I should be doing good work. I was for years intimately acquainted in the dear old town with good Socialist, who always refused to work or vote with the Liberal Party,saying it was a waste of time. He seemed quite oblivious to the fact that he was wasting time with a vengeance by enabling a Tory to get the seat. I have myself come to see how undesirable it is for little knots of workingmen to sever themselves from a class of men who by training and opportunity are better fitted to think out and cope with the deadly enemy now stalking amongst us. Of course, I refer simply to misery. Could we see elearly the way to stop the growth of large cities,and cultivate a contented peasantry we should be doing something, at all events. Are we mentally equipped for such work? I think not. In the report of January 12th of the policy of the ILL'. as given by Mr. Gee at the Warrington De- bating Society, I find that gentleman saying, "He wished the workingmen of the country to throw off the curse of thrift." Now, I don't think Mr. Gee meant to say anything of the kind or, if he did, he certainly meant to say more. The opposite to thrift he would certainly not commend, or, if he did, he would be no acquisition in a socialist community. There is some little difference between thrift, and that grasping selfishness which is always crying out "there is no room on the top." The man who is satiAed to cheer his fellows on with the encour- hug words," Look after yourself and the devil take the hindmost " is,l think,the man Mr. Gee referred to, and he certainly wants looking after. Working- men, os a body, are not cursed with thrift. The curse goes rather the other way. And yet it is not true, not by any means,that the wealthy among us, are so as a result of thrift. Let any reader of this look around among his rich and well-to-do neigh- bours, and see how many are so in consequence of thrift. It is a well known fact that the power to exploit his fellowmen, to seize opportunity to have a cranium full of good business bumps, are the secrets that now lead a man to fortune. A man may be well posted in all the ologies, have the his- tory of the world at his fingers end, and be in fact a walking library, yet, lacking business qualities, he will run a close race with the Workhouse. We see all this, end naturally ask why it should be so no fault can be found with the man full of business resources, nor yet with the man lacking them. What we find fault with is the system that makes one man miserably wealthy and keeps the other corruptibly poor. Generally speaking thef working-man has little opportunity for thrfft. I married he has enough to do to keep those about him decent and respectable. His little luxuries may consist of a visit now and again to the theatre or buying his weekly allowance of " bacca," or an occasional glass of beer. Of course our friend, Mr. Hall, would reject all this as so much waste, yet the fact remains that a man may boa good citizen and yet be guilty of all this wastefulness. For myself, I might all my life have abjured the theatre, beer and "bocce, and yet all my thrift would have evaporated at sight of a good second-hand book store. If this did not use up the good results of thrift, a visit to the dry goods store certainly would, and I should have been well repaid in the beaming faces I should find at home when unpacking the little present of new hat or new frock. We are not all built alike. It is not fitting that we should be, and yet we may be the comple- ment of each other. A bricklayer may build a nice house. The cabinet maker may furnish it well. The artist may decorate it, and the literary man may build, furnish and decorate the man in the truest sense and fit him for the home. Can anyone say why any one of these workmen should hold his head up higher or be richer than the other? Cer- tainly not. Of course I am not dealing with the drunken spendthrift. Ile belongs to no class. Nor am I taking into account the man who, from birth to death, has been arrayed in fine linen, yet never produced anything, or made the world richer for his presence in it, nobleman though he may be called. To get back to the LL.P. it seems to me that I quite understand the motive underlying the move-

ment. A feeling of dissatisfaction is spreading among the people. It is just the same here in I America. There are two great parties, the Re- publicans and the Democrats. With neither party I are reformers satisfied, and straightway they set about building up another party, as a consequence, the whole of the political field is covered with weaklings that cut ne show at election times. I ast acknowledge that they do a deal of educa- tional work, but this could be done more effectu- ally within the lines of either party, where the machinery, and conveniences arising out of wealth, and business methods already exist. Is it neces- sary to form a new party in Warrington, keep- ing in view the strength of the Tory party ? I think not, or if so, it must result in leaving timid Liberals as a prey to the Conservatives, and a waste of time in building up that new party. We may feel dissatisfied at the pace we go at, but it is the sheerest folly to seek out caves in which we may bellow our dissatisfaction. The Conservative party years ago, had an experience of this kind, so also had the Liberal party, and the Irish party are to- day damming Home Rule by making themselves resemble John Bright's terrier dog. Wherever this famous dog may be, we want to see and hear tim distinctly, and this can only be done when he stands well to the front in the party to which he naturally belongs. The speaker whom I have already quoted,further said "Look at society to-day and compare these countries where the capitalistic system was properly developed with those where the development had not been so advanced, and they would find far more poverty in the former countries." I have read this passage over several times, and must confess my utter inability to understand it, or, if understand- ing it to reconcile it with the current history of the nations of the world. Will Mr. Gee kindly explain ? It would seem as if our good friend thinks these are , countries where the capitalistic system is " pro- perly "developed, and in this country we find far more poverty than in the country "when the ' development had not been so advanced." In L no country on the face of this earth can • it be said that capital is properly devel- oped, our friend should inform us as to mean- ing the words " Capital," " properly," and " deve- loped" carry with them. Mr. Hunter Watts has recently told the members of the S.D F. that " socialists cared little about law and order." Possibly the gentleman meant to say that it was the want of law and order, so painfully apparent in the world, that the socialist was striv- ing for. Another snialist and an M.P. said recently that he wanted fifty men in each of the large cities to agree on a given day to enter a shop, and supply himself with what he needed most, and this policy pursued for a week, would advance,Mr. Keir liardie thought, " the social revolution." All this wild talk will do the socialists no good. We must re- cognise the fact that as the world has not been built up in a day, so it cannot with safety be overthrown in a day. We must accept the natural law which is quite patent to the observer, as the seed in dying gives out new life, so that the dying capitalistic system will, ere its death struggle comes, give us the germs of a system that will make life worth

living. - I was pleased to read in the "Examiner" of January 19th the leader treating upon John Burn's visit to the States. He was pretty plain spoken while here, and managed to ruffle the feathers of the American Eagle. An effort was made to scream him down, and with some success. Thrifty and skilful workman as honest John is, he would find it next to impossible to find rest for the sole of his foot in this " sweet land of liberty." The thrifty capitalist, the man who stands by the time- honoured saying—" Can I not do as I like with my own," makes it uncommon hot for the labour leader, especially if he happens to be poor, or a member of a weak union. My friends will all know by this, that my family and I are all back in San Francisco, what I think of the city and its great and all absorbing labour question I will reserve for a future letter. I wish particularly to draw attention to my present address, as letters and papers reach me only after considerablo trouble to the P.O. Always note the address as I am liable to move ally day :-807, Page-street.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK.

GALLANT Rascup.--At the St. Fielens Police Court, on Monday,the Mayor (Councillor Martin),who prrsided on the Bench, presented to Canstable Edward Gresty, of Bla.ckbrook, Haydock, a tostimenial from the Royal Humane Society, London, for his efforts in restoring to life a woman named Ellen Wilcock, wife of Mark Wil- cock, of Down-green, Ashton, who, on the 28th Dec., attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself into the canal at Blackbrook. Chief Constable Wood stated the facts of the case. The Mayor, in making the pre- sentation to Constable Gresty spoke of the benefits of the instruction given by the St. John Ambulance Society, which had been the means of saving many lives. The testimonial was inscribed on vellum., and signed by the Duke of Argyll as president. Chiof Constable Wood after- wards presented another testitnouial to P.C. Dillon.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHER-WARRINGTON.

SERVICES FOR THE PEOPLE.

There was a large attendance at the People's Service held in the Bold-st. Wesleyan Church on Sunday after- noon. The Rev. G. D. Mason, who conducted the meet- ing, referred to his recent accident and said that during his temporary confinement he had been fercibly reminded of the truth that blessings were scarcely appreciated till lost. The most unfortunate beings might find much in life to be thankful for, and he urged them to cultivate I the spirit of gratitude to God for the innumerable mer- cies with which he had crowned every life. Mr. W. J. Ashton, who gave the address, referred to the folly of man in failing to appreciate the good things God had provided, and raised the question why men, convinced of the superiority of the religious life over the irreligious, paused at the threshold of its privi- leges and hesitated to accept its blessings. He proceeded to show that the objections to religion arose from a mis- conception of its nature, and a false representation of its operations,stating that the religious life was not an irksome but a bright sunny experience that the incon- sistencies of professors ware not chargeable to religion but to the absence of it, and that Jesus Christ was true and had declared that His poke was easy and His bur- den light. He said the sinner was a slave, and that the religious life was a life of liberty that they and only they whom Christ had freed were free ir2Hoed. He spoke of these people who satisfied themselves with the assurance that they were as good as others,and would fare as well as most folk. They were responsible to God, he said, not as communities, but as individuals, and that they must fare better than most folk,for it would be of little avail for them to attempt to conceal their defects behind another person's vices. Several selections of music were remarkably well rendered by the orchestra, and "There is a green hill" was sung in an excellent manner by Mr. Levi Richardson.

===== 0002601_18950316_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TORY LEADERS AND THE EIGHT

HOURS BILL.

DEPUTATION FROM THE MINERS' FEDERATION. The Marquis of Salisbury and Mr. Balfour received on Thursday afternoon, at the reaidence of the former, in Arlington-st., a deputation from the :Miners' Federation who were headed by Mr. Pickard, M.P., and Mr. S.

Woods. M.P. Mr. Pickard said tbe Miners' Eight Hours Bill, which they advocated, was not a party measure and many Conservative miners, especially in Lancashire, thought the Conservative leaders should have an opportunity of pronsuncing upon it. In Parliamentary elections the miners voted for those candidates who expressed them- selves strongly in favour of the Miners' Eight Hours Bill, and in Parliament the measure had friends on both sides. _

Mr. Aspinwall followed, and stated that thousands of Conservative miners in Lancashire strongly favoured the bill. He repudiated the idea that the passing of the bill would at all materially interfere with the cost of production or the course of trade in the country. After Mr. Haslam, Derbyshire, had also spoken. Mr. Balfour replied that as this was not a question of party polities it could not be dealt with by the party organisation, and he had no title to speak for his own party upon it. There were certain difficulties connected . with the subject which had always prevented him from supporting the Eight Hours Bill in the House of Commons. Its Om- pulsory enactment would dislocate the whole Eptem in Northumberland and Durham, where the shifts of work- Zng coal were different from other parts of the country. Such a dislocation would be prejudicial to all concerned in the industry, He was strongly in favour of dimin- ished hours of work so far as that increased the effi- ciency of the worker, but the present movement was ex- pected by some of its friends to go further than that. Whilst his mind was open to every argument,there were weighty difficulties which prevented him promising them his support. Lord Salisbury, who also briefly replied, discouraged a suggestion of Mr. Pickard that the measure might be introduced in the Upper House. The House of Commons was more capable of dealing in the first instance with such a measure, and the action of the Peers must depend largely upon the extent and nature of the support the bill received there, and the character of the arguments pleaded for it.

TETH

TEETH.

T TENIII. , TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the Prl°;- UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. TEETH. public may rest assured that these _ste„,"",,i ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRU"-•'"* and perhaps the bestguarantee f this ° TEETH. intending • 0 PARK patients is that J. IL PAR . ..„ SON has one of Largest Dental Praetor,: .11 'TEETH. in England, the outcome of empleY4 the BEST LABOUR, using the TEETHBerha I- MATERIALS obtainable, and charging "7 ! . LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Oct fEETU. Any set made, or work done by him. ,6 not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION TE ETU ' ..,. every detail will be immediately co,reC . or an ENTIRE NEW SET made NEES t4i TCHARGE. These conditions Insure the publes Ps?' faction and recommendation. exemplified 1 'rEETH. 21 sets having been inierted for pale?, du.ing one year only directly and indirec"'„, through the voluntary persuasion and --; 'ICEETII. mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. TEETH. orfor allr eof ef ret I::: "'WI ti ik be gnt s ' i rv'ae t e any vi mn e s and a ddcrue. ...11-e."°" patient personally applying for them. TEETII. with thousands in the paLt, each mending their friends, speak volumes for •cr' ' TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishre4. TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOM2 FREE CONSULTATIONS Dail from 910 TEETH. and 2to 6. - Y, ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACW-st TEETH. ace., as hitherto, by the aid of his own re, LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which ;iv. TEETFI. new liquifies for sale to dentists eri. 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have. tnlis 1. TEETH fore, in this speciality also the benefit oi • experience. - TEETH. TEETH.

EXORS PARKINSON, 19 Dentist by Examination, MEINCHI4:ST!, :4, 40, q 0 SI, NY-STH WO: National Tblephone, No. 1660.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STRERT. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 P, wARRING't ON ON SVIMNP.S DAYS. 3, S .nkey-etreet. (Side ent 'lnce, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughea',Conieetl°

Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICTI. on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarketretreet' or 11 to 12 a.m.. and Ito 5 p.m. AI

6. What these spoiled hands are caused by Washing- lit I am surprised. get MATCHLESS CLEANSER sof once, I pray.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKET.-WEDNESDAY. Feb. 13 F 1 FRUIT, VEGUTABLE U . POLTRY, BUTCHERS'.A' FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d, 8. d. e. d. '' r Beef, Brig. .'U' lb 0 sto 0 9 Melons each ... ,) 6 --- g I Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 Oranges, each 0 o—6 1 Mutton „ -0 10 Celery ir stick 0 2-- , Veal „ „ Pork .. ~ -0 8 Abricot3 each 0 0 01; Pork Sklß , cured - 6 #, Whole pigs,, so 8 0-8 6 Cucumbers eachl 0 0 1 Geese „ -0 10 Calshages each 0 2 Powis r couple 4 6-5 6 Tomatoes to' 0$ n 6 0 6 Chickens - 6 0 Filberts lb - 0 0 Ducks „ - 0 i . Rarkits - 0 0- Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus PlOOO 0 'II 0 Pigeons „ . ..... 1 0-0 0 Potatoes r load 10 0 Grouse . ge,b...rac. .... 0-6-00 00 m Neirohproo,m potatoes,, pes„ttoi 061 : Pheasants ... 0 0-8 0 Green Peas 11., e., 0 0-o 0 Turkey -1 2 Green t,prouts in 0 3 a 0 Butter, fresh tb 1 2 -.-. I Beans,kidney in 1 Hen eggs ...1 21 0-0 0 Pomeg:anates...o 1-- 0 e Duck ~0 0-0 0 Walnuts „ 0 0 --- 0 0 Apples Its Onions „ -0 2 Cheese 0 0-- 5 Grapes,, - 3 6 P t oine - 6 0 bg Pi neApple each 26 3 0 „ good C 6 0: ao 4 Greengages rit o o—o 0 ~ ordinary. _3OO : 0 ' Cherries , ...... 00- 0 0 Lobster r., ft Strawbertles „ 0 0-0 0 Turbot ~1 6 0 . _ 0 Damsons ~ ~0 0- 0 0 Salmon ~0 0 0 6 Plums „ 0 0- 0 0 Whitings Gooseberries,, 0 0-0 0 Flukes ~ 0 Raspberries ~0 0- 0 0 Eels ~ ~ Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles . ~1 8- "1 6 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sp:tidings - 0 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish ~ - 6 - 0 Seakale V n-10 0- 0 0 Mackerel ' each 0 3 0 0 Rhubarb bob 0 0-0 0 Herring tir dozen 1 0 --.

MEMORIAL CARDS I. oENtoill Just received a large Stock of LATNST MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect salnPl76,iosv printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Watict Handbills, Bill Heads, Ac. Newest tyPe Machinery, JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGH PRBSS, 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

uts, • Warrington.—Printed and Published by 3085,ViLier#1 at The Examiner General Printing and Published Published also at The Examiner Offloo. .W"""119 Higli-a unc treet. Rolut `T 32. Oen'r'' #"er's ^ad. a 3. lierket,-street, Illawascruigg•-- 16 1895.

tE

a,

.......

(

h re Ot

th in ,

.., •.I.l] i ..;„ .', 1 , 4, 1 , , 1 , , i I, ',.' ?.. ,:• , , ~..) ,ti , 1 ' I . . , , , , • i i . ~. , , , 't i. , ilo3 • , wAtit-jtrete -... by_JTll4s. Bowie! .ros uv• tiA'' • • . 71, . / 1 • , , .• •

===== 0002601_18950316_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN HOIE MISSIONS on SUNDAY MARCH 17th,1896, TWO SERMONS. WILL BE PREACHED IN St. Paul's Chapel, Runcorn, by the REV. T. OGD EN TAXLOR,of Rock Ferry: Services Morning 10-30,E vening 6-0. THE ANNUAL MEETING will be held on THURSDAY MARCH 21st, Addresses ,N ill be delivered by REV. T. OGDEN TAYLOR, and the REV. JOSIAH HARRIS, of the Irwell Street Mission, Salford. Chair to be taken at 7 o'clock. Collections at each Service on behalf of Home yissions. PRESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—The COUNTY COUNCIL OFFERS FOR COMPETITION TEN mAIRY SCHOLARS:I'PS TO FEMALES tenable at the 1/„.„`"RY INSTITUTE, WORLESTON, and commencing IsT NEXT. Applications to be forwarded to me not Later than March 20th. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary, Crewe.

EMMANUEL CHURCH MISSION, Warringtbn, ......_ Begins. Saturday next. March 23rd. R. H. PEARSON AND CO., 43. BRIDGE-STREET, Bet ~ EARLE STOWN, - -"Pectfully to intimate that they will commeace Busin.se, ON FRIDAY NEXT; MARCH 22ND. 1895. At the above Ilstaolishment, for the supplying of '"ILIROS, ORGANS. MUSIC, VIOLINS, FITTINGS, STRINGS, &co Pe by prompz. atteut on to merit a share of public Flat patronage. " and Organs on the One, Two and Three Years' System. Ootn„_ Music Orden per Return of Post. %dent Piano and 0 gan Tuners and Repairers employed. urchestras and Musicians of any number supplied for Slag Concerts, Private Parties, Cinderellas, m Tunings or by Yearly Contract. Instruments Exchanged. Concert Plans and all Estimates free. J. 11 PEPLOW, MANAGER.

(71-- 001ITHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Master—Mr. j. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. 4 IiduRECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. It cation thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near St Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. lAL TERMS (Inclusive) for a few Boarders. 853., on application to Head Master. AEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, January lb.

I/IANORESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. , Ilia_ PEE £4, 48. PER TERM. : katZEET TERM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17TE, Pa= Examination the same day at 9 a.m. .at TIICES, Forms of Application, lm., may be had tkie Ethcol. Nal. OWEN W. COX, RECEIVER. 1:i.0,, The is a Boarding House under the sanction of ' ....,_ .etliilrs ----.......... ----- ' rie4NLIESCENT GAS LIGHT.

HUSSEY'S INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY FOR EVENING WEAR. Best quality imitation and real iDiamonds in Gold Settings, Bracelet., Necklets, hair Ornaments, Rings, and more than 3,000 Brooches to select from. Fancy Goods in endless variety, warm Skirts, Blouses, &c. Lace Collars, Bows, Ties, Fri Hinge. ITUSSEY'S, 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. P' OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

JpUPTL'RES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. ib T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- 'm-road, Manchester. LIOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND L... 7 INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £l. 2s. 3d. £5O. „ 20s. „ Pt £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. ~ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

ITIGIIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, ShalelA and Eleetro Plate, Antiques, DentAlGold, Ste. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

ANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GRAERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

rrO JOINEIRS,&e.—The RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL are prepared to receive TENDERS for the furnishing of a TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. A copy of the Specification and Quantities and also form of Tender can be obtained from the Assistant Surveyor at his office on and after Wednesday, the 20th instant, on the payment of the sum of 2s. 6cl. Tenders to be addressed to the Chairman of the Tech- nical Instruction Committee, and endorsed "Tender for Furnishing," and delivered to the undersigned not later than Thursday, the 28th instant. The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender, The Tenders will be sub-divided and the Council reserve to themselves the power to accept all or any of the Tenders. E. MARSHALL, Secretary. Town Hall, Runcorn, 14th March, 11195. ARMY CONTRACTS.--TENDERS for the SUP- PLY of FORAGE and PAILLASSE STRAW, for the period of six months, from Ist May. 1;95 at the various stations inthe North Western District, will be received at the undermentioned office, until 12 o'clock noon, on WED- NESDAY the 3rd APRIL, 1895. Forms of Tender, with list of Stations, can be obtained on application to the Assistant Adjutant General. Dead Quarter Office, Chester 11th March, 1895.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. PERSONS desirous of TENDERING for the ERECTION of FARM BUILDINGS at the COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM. UPTON, CHESTER, can inspect the Drawings and Specifications, and obtain bills of quantities an I forms of tender, on payment of (£1) one pound (which will be repaid on the receipt of a bora-fide Tender) at this Office, on and sfter MONDAY, 11th instant, between 9.30 a.m. and 4 p.m. (Saturday till 1 p.m.) Sealed Tenders, endorsed "Farm Buildings," to be sent to me at this Office, on or before SATURDAY, 23rd inst. The Committee of Visitors de not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. STANIZOPB BULL, County Surveyor. County Surveyor's Office. 40, Bridge-street Row (West). Chester, 7th March, 1895.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. TO CARTERS, FARMERS, & TEAM OWNERS. PERSONS desirousof TENDERING for CART- ING MACADAM sad other Materials for the Main Roads for the year ending 31st March, 1396. can obtain Forms of Tender and particulars of Material to be carted, at this Office, on and after Mondny, the I.Bth inst., between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., and On Saturday between 10 a,m. and 1 p.m. Tenders, to ibe enclrsed " Tender for carting," to be delivered at this Office ou or before Saturday, the 30. h in- stant. The Main Roads Committee of the County Council do not bind themselves to accent the lowest or any Tender. STANHOPE BULL, County Surveyor, County Surveyor's Offioe, 40, 13 idge-street Row (West), Chester. llth Morch, 1895.

RUNCORN UNION FEMALE NIGHT NURSE. The Guardians require a night Nurse for the Work- house Hospital at Dutton. Applicants must be between 25 and 40 years of age, and must be single women or widows without children depec dent upon them. They must have received a training in General Nursing and be qualified to undertake Midwifery cities The person appointed will be required to take night or day duty at the discretion of the Medical Officer and the Matron. She will be required to perform the duties of the office of Nurse as :prescribed by the Local Government Board and generally to observe all orders and directions of the Medical Officer, and it net be willing to assist in the General management of the House under the control of the Master and Matron. Salary 50 per annum with supper and breakfast in the House but no lodging or day accommodation will be provided except on an exchange of duties with the Day Nurse when day accommodation and dinner and tea in lieu of supper and breakfast will be provided. Applications in the handwriting of the Candidates, stating age. present And past position aud Hospital experience, accompanied by copies of testimonials of recent date (not ex- ceeding three in number) te be sent to me on or before the 26th instant. Further particulars may be known on applica- tion to the Matron in the Workhouse. The appointment will be made on the 2ad April 1895, and selected Candidates will receive notice to attend on that day, and third class return fare will be paid. By Order. JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn 14th March 1F95. a

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

SPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES SPECIALLY MADE FROM. 4/8. IF between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused, and the lettAs run into one a 'other, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBURN AND SON, 17, JAMES-STREET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station) ARE THE OLD OPTICIANS IN LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

FRISCH, SCIIIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WAICH COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BESP TiMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 15 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto Gold, from 4 4 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1885. Estimates given. WI. J. SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS, REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAM-LANE, WARRINGTON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from £lO and upwards BREAKAGES arising from frost promptly attended to. SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULCERS. 0 I L RAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT, (Caostnosr, England.) NEURALGIA, &c. BOTTLES, 80., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. • Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J, 11. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

TT OOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, CHEAP, and by some of the beet makers in England. ENORMOUS STOOK. Joiners', Ship Carnenters',Engincers', Painters', Plumbers', Gloaters', Plasterers', Shoemak rte. Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-DILL. LIVERPOOL.

JON. LUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. • ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. GOAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

ASTHMA! .ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THE LEWIS IiEMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-S". LONDON, E.C. Wonderful Cures Effected. Bend at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, ac. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL IN}{ 'LEE, 25., by post 23.11 d, THE LEWIS ASTHMA AN D HAYNEVER POW- DER, per tin 3s. 6d., by post 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR, ls.,by post Is. lid. THE LEWIS ASI2IIMA EXTERMINATOR, for Chronl; Cases, 7s. 6d., complete. " GHLASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. post Is lid

ANNIE TONKS, 1, LORD-STRRST, RUNCORN. HOUSE, SIGN AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH I • DECORATOR, GLAZIER, PAPER HANGER, am. Orders for town and reuntry punctuallyattended to.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE tor FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel)

CIGARS I CIGARS t CIGARS. THE BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. PARVEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now In a position to offer them at the exceedingly low price of 18s. per 100 or samples San be had at 5 for Is. TUE SHOICERIBS, 58, HORSEMARKET-ST., in YE OLD FOX INN, UTTERIIAILKET-STREET, WARRINGIION. BRSIVICIC. Proprietor.

- - - 1 MORRIS'S TOW AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, IB bl ronobie. ke. MORIUS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS' 4 I The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TCrOTTIACIID. -- . MORRIS. CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD. MANCHESTER, 1 and all Dealers.

26, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) MancLester MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidenc,, of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown an Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. - Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSiVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticnte and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTHare made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled P,inless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids,toHtalth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD., Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE ever.,, FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchesiter.

J. M. BEACON, 38, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MACK S HOP BITTERS AND OLD STYLE GINGER BEER. Family trade specially, catered for.

Sill\ T INSURANCE 1701ir ICE, FOUNDED Sum lI‘SUBED IA 189344E385,854,440. Feral! partienlars apply to the 4114:wing Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. d. R.Piekmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woeds. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street. Messrs. Voisey and Wortkington,2l King-strelit Mr. R. 1.4‘90. Market Gate Cliambers

F LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 1.1 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 155.—E. BALER, Proprietor.

LortpoN. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE Dt1.1,, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare en £lO orders and above.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late emlent physician, will be pleased to forward full par iculars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) ot a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This RemPrly causes No Pain. ;Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Utreet, London, N.W. A Pobitive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by aprointment.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS. HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, I.TENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS. GLOVES. sce. WIRE NETTING. FENC tNG WIRE.-11A.SSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING. CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING IRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, ICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW 130, BR I DGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

Obipping Botitts.

\ WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. Ifr.k LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *ADRIATIC Wed.. Mar.2o. *TEUTONIC... Wed . Mar. 27. Cotton not carried on Passenger Jteaviers. Second Cabin will be carried on tile voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, And unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to leriAg, haws, and Co., 34, Leadenball-etreet, London. H. 0.. ind 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: • t"'-' JOHN WALKER AND CO., .•EXAMINBIt • OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IHNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- U DAY, and tor BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

AMERICAN LIRE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADHLPHIA, every WEDNRSDAY.—Fare RE.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe Cape Town. and at Hobart, Ate.

LORD BROS'. IS THE SALE OF SALES. FOR PARTICULARS OF GOODS AT HALF-PRICE. SEE HANDBILLS. Two minutes' walk from Market Gate down Bridge-street WILL SAVE YOU MANY A POUND AT LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

LAWN MOWER REPAIRS. This is the most opportune season for repairs to be made, so that all who have mowers needing repair should send them ither thrmgh their ironmonger or seedsman, or direct to THOS. GREEN & SON, LIMITED, LEEDS, or QURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.B. P.S.—We repair all kinds of machines, for both:the trade and others. ALL SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at liberd cash discount by their Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

WINNERS OF TBE ADVERTISESIENT COM- PETITION. Tar PRIZE £3, Mr. WOOD, 40 GEORGE-ST., WEST STOCKPORT. Mr POLLITT,VENTURE-ST.,BOLTON. 2ND PRIZ 13 21 each { • Mr.SPENCE R. CATEITON-ST., BURY. 3RD PRIZE £l, Mr. BIRTWELL, 53 WHITEFIELD-ST., BRADFORD. 4/11 PRIZE £1 for the most suggestions, Mr. CARTER, 40 NELSON-ST., BURY Cheques for the above amounts have been sent to the Winners by J. MEADOWCROPT A CO., Stanley Mills, Bury.

THOMAS HAMER, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

T. & WT. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL' AND CELBRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and cwollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d ,3s. 61.. and 7s. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re ¶ Water, and Yellows, For Chills. Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 111 (Price 38.6 d. per dozen ,Ewes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Ewes. • Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appeti'e, Price Is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per dozen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhea and Influenai. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving, For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price Is. 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete a 3s, and C. 16e. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON. W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early n the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrineham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

rl EADE'S Ur-OUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADE'S DILLS. 107. Jubilee-terrace, Wolverhampton road, Emmrs plus. Walsall. Nov. 22nd. 1893. EADE'S lus, fo Dear Sir,—l write to thank you for the very great amount of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for sour grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GOUT I am extremely thankful. as I can still keep at my work. I shall use RHEumATIsm moreen eaw- widely vknornwank.' your Pills GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours tali hf ully, RHEUMATISM E. GUEST. "Mr. G. Bade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Ooswell-road, London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 23.9 d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

TEETH. TEETH. ,FEETII. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD The TEETH. public may rest assured that tb,-se state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, ~-, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to • TEETsd. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one ot the Largest Dental nactices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainab'e, and charging the Lo4\ 'EsT POSSIBLE PRICE TEETH. not nyset mAaßilsebozuwAr work SATISFACTIONd b ,a and giving TEETII. every detail will be immediately corrected, or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients during one year only directly and Indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary p-rsuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any ..._. or all of these patients' names and addresses TEETH. for reference„ will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These. TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson a success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to -a- FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, T -a- EETH. Ac., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made ..1. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he ' TEETH. now liquefies for sale to dentists, nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETH. experience. TEETH. EXORS op Z. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 64 MOSLEY-STREET (NationalT±Lepbone. No. 1661. LIVERPOOL. 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. Mees, 2to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNEbDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side entranc,, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSIPAYS, at Mrs. Hughes', Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. EtOETHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, tar 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. _lei

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

issiABLIo.HED IBSS. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS, CEMENT. AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS, Ac. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

NO SMOKK, NO CHIAINIEY, NU DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. ROYLE'S Burning the New Smokeless Fuel. See the latest 10-tore you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES. 4 entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s 1 Thousands selling. Supplied on agmoval. SHOWHOOMS, 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHAM ENGINSRRING WORKS, Great Bridgewater-street, Oxford-street,

Anoint inotruntento. „ __— (IAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN, new; fine rich tone splendid pitch pine case.—AT Ex. YOUNG and SONF organ builders, Eidon-street, Manche,ter.

A MERICAN 01111 AN, ooniaissing 4 sets ot reeds, 11 stops, octave couplers, and knee swells, handsome walnut case, mirror top, just new. accept £l2 10s. cash, and send on approval,--j. HIBBS, 8, City-road, Higher Openshaw, Man- chester.

SMITI-1, SONS, AND CWIPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST K APS. COLLARD GOES & KALLMANN BROAD WOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BtiCHSTEIN, &e. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 7, ear's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered free in Warringt and Di trlet on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel.

It ki SHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. MANCHESTER. •• PEOPLE'S MODEL,' I seven octaves, lull trichord, check action, panel front, iron frame, in veneertd ctses, £22 cash. or H may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. rnouthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 108. 6d. monthly, by all th. leading makers. All E instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- rantei. 83, Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken in exchange. N AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely • finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till S paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. H HENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency, He does not want both money and instrument. A IRENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT IHENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- W. TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. - RENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

'DIAN° sALE AT J. PARRY'S, 2:. DOWNING-ST ARC- WICK, MANCIIRSTRR. 30 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broad wood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frarne Piano, by Stoddart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. I y Broadwood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ. 9 sets. 18 stm,A, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano Sc Organ combined, a grand i,,trurnent, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, Avith music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Brisgeßert and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

WILLIAM SBAW, JUNR., "EXAMINER OFFICE." WATERLOO BUILDINGS, OP LOCKS, RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMEZZT DEALER, STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR RUSHWORTIPs LIVERPOOL, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLASGOW. SPECIAL ACCORDEONS, ORGANETTES, MOUTH ORGANS, ETC. All the Best Quality Instrun nLs at Lowest Prices. Repairs of Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment S'

t.) INIIIGESTLN HE whole medical profession the world over ia engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which wiil cure ludigesticn, Constipation, and DyspepsLi. St at cos show that nearly half the deaths in ch.‘ed countries are caused by disOtSOS of the stool,ctl and kidneys. Hitherto the reme 'des preeciibel by the medical profession for Indig,stMti have Leen of little value, hot the C. A. Vogeier Curative Compound does cure ln.ligcstieth It i 3 the mast wonderful medicioc ic ezti,tente, tt few doses gives relief-a few bottles cure the roo., chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 11% and :IC, of all Chemists ; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 10 stamps by the Sole Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeier Co., 42. Farring,tion E Road, London."

f . CONGREVE'S ) BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR rgz6.) This splendid medicine should be in every honsebeli' On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen eut of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled 0f . merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF 1_...14 FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the wellmarked sy_mP,tn, appear; also take it forth. SUBSEQUENT WEAKN Eo" - the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarmiog disease. Rev. F. E. HEAP/4, of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congrevee says: "Your medicine alwaye puts my longs rithi• ' drove out the terrale INFLUENZA last May." • IN CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and • Bronchial Affections the Persevere with this medicine, and you can hardly fail to get Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. ~„, In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially ;bed, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— ONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the mend' of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the as!' of LADY G. BROMLEY(No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book,' Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house' by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. Fcr HOARSENESS it Winvaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, ;,, 0 and as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to speakers going OU.L •••0 y weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VE' PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the of a lozenge. • f la CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be bad 0 d Medicine Vendors in bottles at is. 134c1., as. 9d, 45. dd., nn family bottles at xis. and 224. ' • •.• .- I. , ' ,A, ;P,,,, .:', ;$3•l %%VON Ool.' At 44.13•FE'' _____....../- POLISHING—A PLEASUI-?,b WILL NOT fin, 'ln' r.C/4 FiISOP FIN 6 E. 2. ...) .4... MARK. 0 :........,,. ~..7,,,.: Ftj ft N1'11)131E: 0 li EArev qt, .. —..., 4,....1,,,, ,!,,.; . - -1W04." .., :;ZA• ' .\''.. ••• -• •• .3,,,,,-•,,,,,, ~,,4,... ~.,.,-, , '.-‘-',. ....-.:.::::: • -, 'tf,,-,-..** •-•,,,' `-ii• '',,,,,.,-,,.7,:', ' '":".::'. 1:.., 074 M. '' ':*'' -5---....1., •:::r1..1'. ' , :•%"*" ".4,,5,t,:7,r ~---_--`,--..- - -em----4-;*-7,,;F: - ~ / ....--' , , ._,—• ^-, .: x.,,,' 77:7,-,s, ~ki-,4i.. i:4l ---=' • 411111MIsl 'OIIIPWX4M• Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Iro? Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BHA. ---- Of TO WEAK MEN :-uff.-ring from the effeetStnet Youthful Errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakoes.l%';lll Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, D stases, ‘tc. vraboe send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full Per.tlerort. for home cure. Free t f charge. A splendid Medical. 04. should be read by every man who is nervous and debilito'".„l, —Address Messrs. WILK,NSON and CO., Medical o Sheffield. Established 1130. Advice Free. caoe' WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is ils. 6d. the Can be obtained direct. ____------ _ OW= GOLD XEDAL MR2OI KT . .. .„., , ... : • ._____ , KNIT BltoeT kingsribbeEanoP ,11111 r" GLOVES and CLOTHING S'OS. , WOOL, BILK, or COTTON. INSTIL° , , . . TIONS FREE. I.Lts kne per po.t- _ ody ' ..., .;,rlitTticrit . ANT AWARD at PARIS. v Tht t the WORLD of 7 GOLD t&L 19 other Honours. HARIIISON KNITTING MACHINE CO. Work.; 48, Upper FATNESS PA I' PEOPLE MADE Till:Loe , LDr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE rim, groin safe and pleasant cure ; sent free ii. 6. observation on receipt of P.O. for„„,sie k A marvellous means of reducing fat and improving the compleXionAlfota CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, v TfIE GREAT REMEDY. I T 1,1121 A IRS H 4.110 1, e Mr tikt UT 2,.. ~,.....-''----- ir zi xd s 00 FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, Lig li The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sti,,Ts. 93' and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. 10.• a l'' per box. ...., si Ivo-. SAW 00 telg 0 se elt 74, ---11-C141413 • F4%A ' -------------V .-.. , Too° Frit° 00 tio.' , _ -- ----- - TO LADIES I (116 /14S Pr THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICIr4B ~ . the ore, overed by a married Lady during her travels Ditile`7,ter East, who has never known it to fail in removing .ve„ ;., RaS(2B of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, etlie ,ntii:e., all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resnstarlOos, of this extraordinary preparation, winch is aimosb , e oleo. OU3 in its effect. Ladles will avoid much eXPen9 l'srel° 3 th,fr.. OA Wot ry.and cruel bitter disappointment by having_ at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d. -- NDTON ,iltlimr.. London W.°• ig 5 d ,d list 2)6 ---41 _w—p-rbbSofe ,1! 1.1 ref ,sreaot 'all; 1110r.f 1 I ........---- - • ,

FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE TEO' Dr.CAMENON't4 OBESITINE PILL' %rot .7.) safe And rleasant cure ; sent free p. observation on refelpt of P.O. 0%0011 40044,0: A marvellous means of reducing ..e5 fat and improving the complexlen4fot - CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions,

eet k I

LADIES! Eta f°U DR. LIDINGTON'S 14.15 W MEDICAL DISCOV—d 004 married or single women is positively the safest 8.11„,, successful method known for removing all Irregillsr4,,,,, Obstructions no matter how caused or long statiaitileleli, namemiti pills, powders, mixtures or any o stomsen ruedizine to take. Failure impossibletherder lie, treatment. Suffsrers may obtain particulArs fee? by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London. ‘,ll_ AD AME FAMOUS MIXTURE. the The most powerful and effective on earth. ,or Obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate' 7s 6cl (Strongest lls bottle). Post free Ed extra. HERBAL iNsTiruTE, l, HACKNF,Y-11312^ (racing Shoreditch Church), LONDON. 14:"Ziars I Send at once stamped directed envelope for oarttf ig proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial te" genuine.r.nd they can be seen at any time.

ESI'ABLI3IIED 1851 BIRK B ECK BANK. TWSouthampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. Loneloc., O-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed 4-, POSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on lturn monthly balances, when not drawn below £10.:. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purenased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT Or the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smalls= 'tclePosit,aud allows Interest monthly on each completed BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY tiOw TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECR FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. 14111{33MR ALMANAC:Ii, with full particulars, poet Ire FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT, Manager

_ FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and lioference to i!i&A NEY CATALOGUE,

"NCI - AND GATE DEPARTMENT. _ dr.BerCo•'S Well-known System of STRAINED hrue—' & IRON FENCES now in use over b.plousands of Miles at Home and Abigeaed, exteTicillg continually Improved upon to tio„ ed requirements, and complete Won— " supplied on application. 11A, /A NGs I'OR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUB LI C SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. 0 wr ILAVIENTAL HIGH-CLASS ,„ GAY 8, tW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, ror Parks, Ransions, Villas &C. STRONG FIELD GATES, FARMS, ORCHARDS, Stc. HURDLES NETTING 4.11 D AND TREE GUARDS ,WIRE WORK, 4cAzairrirz-r.l-400-(70 IRON FENCING. Fitted With F. M. & Co's. Self-Looking Joints -17 .I.IONDONOFFICE : UT RIA bt., Westminster.

The .4.11.c01mt 14-01 sale lialtuGuiliea'- COSTUMES. v NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, 14.(:: rl ) 1 ,t • . r . less than Half Ordinary Prices. • These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, .A. -. 14P.:-., • Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab; they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 31.4:31/41S each, packed in leather board box, and sent carriage paid to,. 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are Over SOO Workers Employed. it ,f:, c, The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the I) i 1, world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly ~..1/- iii \II \ -, shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the „. ~ \, II ' 1 skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, •_. , „,„ A„ / :;.,_, , , ,: i and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row . of line silk cord, the whole thus forming , A LADY'S COMPLETEI 1 . , . • ._ ..,,,,. i , , A COSTUME -, FOR - I' 1 / • .„,,.... --.., ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in ~i 4,17 gi;', i , respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the ma,, and .fi',"' ! I finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the # /. / e; already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An /, /• , enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised 'yt \•:•\.,. world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. '' •I 1 V extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round 4/ I.' ',',:i ' the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order ' i i '. at a cost of 1/6 extra. 4."' I' ',O - LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable • . Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as ;' / . _ ' follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/6 ; Costume Ag. % \\ ' - --- ." 01 Skirts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7/6; '. ' 44 /( ' ‘ Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 9/6. :I\\\ • , Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. , Colours as above. • - KrtIOCKA OUT FROCKS for Girislirom F I Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 Serge, with sai.dle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices :-- Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each. ach. Postage did. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (RECD.) ifsamaefabilcisoflf24rienacthedsurwalliyy and world-wide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, R Pl 7/ Reseda, Ruby, Grey, Arab, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. PATTERNS, also Illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies sr d Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. ,•,, JOHN NOBLE, LTD, he Warehouse, -1 T 11, Piccadilly,• MANCHESTER.

THE BEST SOAP FOR SPRING CLEANINGI ~t ~.-.1),.. , .... :71 egaß. HARDWATER. .t.Rs rgti-1, 'III r -‘ I WfIT '''s ." ‘, --4--S.":114 wilT fill- 0111111:P' ' r c, , , , ~.. ,---,-, ~ , , ~ ~, ~, 4 t ''.; A L Ea") CL EA N ' :1.1 M !,§, :, . 04,v• ' _ A li, , THE SOAP FOR CEST SALELL ' T cis ix\\‘`4l' TRinPatift *ot lib ABL. co HOT WATER. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. . A 120 Z. , , fI, 2114. „ afd. „

A 4, 9 , " to, flø tl/474,) • 0 H I G POWDERS, rcii)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STD MAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

1 ~ PURE IRISH LL., 4, ,, IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS , Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, , 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4.,,d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLTCE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR SUM Al E R AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHLINEN aalnldPsutrye Woolepl.leaUsnessuarpy ai,fssfedor fLoardSietsr,enogrtGhe,nDttr Wear. IRISH LINEN , IRISH TWEED, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

, • r., 9 •........<OO k\.4, . e-) 0 gol Q, LLim A N $ -P::----- _ ~.4- EMBROCATION.' ---.;-.7,--,-. 4' '7' '''..\•_,411!1.)- -z.:— .. .. " IThinit it , -- fiT4 -L.:- "•• #ell. -•— ~/,_.n -• •.: •er.'4.,-,,, ',.--/Af. , . -,.. ;,:- ~1,... • ..- te' ~,, , 5 flz,..- --------- ')A 'I ). 'l, - '',) '• .- / .4I• ' • - sit---c A - . 2:! 'f4 -- . kr/ , ~ '4'4, - - ' ' `,.-4.4" • ' .*, . .k4.,..-. -6 .`.'. 9ii ' , -i I ~,-,7 •. - , 1 • ' 41, c: ". i • ./2‘, -- /4-.... l ;I: ( ~,,, .---- - . --,7*.....544-, %.,,• .4, ./ -4,f, .., •\- -... .• d .' . ? . ~, „,„, ,( ,t. • , ..., .. 4 4,, 44,, -t- .\.... ..., • ii., . , ~ ....t..,,r,-- ~ . ,'..4.!• '‘'. - ..,,'' - ti -4, :4e, :: " . '•-•'-'24::. (1. ../ -- -4 . • 1/: 2/.. *4 .....V . V.!-''-'• . -1* • "•_._,--'•-• - - "4--.... ...::.4.1;;;; .../ .„016-4. ~;-, ,:.--r„ _._,-- .---• •1•..' _,-- . ••-• ••,•-,,-, *:.•:-•. ; ‘ii,4 ,-; '7--,-, ' •---=' :.- - , - ---c"; ' -:-- ____- '' .. , I._ h •-,-:-.57-f,.. - --'" - • ------ / 4..) -- - 4,' , 1--;_ V, . -:--- r4:7 ~.:t..a ..-I'. • G.- ' ..,,,-----------;,4 ___, .; • -r --. .:: (Cit.'"-: -.- 9 " , SLCUCH . FoR ENc.LAND. _ ,

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE WiEST3 W ITII a prudent us.J, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. COCK L E 3 9 FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILI ,IV US OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P L • 4 L, SD For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITv, INDTGESTICY`:, Lc.

ADDLERY, HARNESSPAd For Home, Colonial, and other Markets—CAß HARNESS, complete set,E3 6s. 6d.; GIG HARNESS, full size, £3 .35.; Cob size, £2 165., Pony Size, £2 10s.; DONKEY HARNESS, Li WS. HEAVY CART HARNESS, £2 13$. 6d.; Demi hogskin RIDING SADDLES, Complete, II Ss. All sent on approval. Illustrated price lists post free, on Application to JAADINS, Nottingbank.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. I trq Ai 7:7 tr.*4l it. I' *ILL S 'A 1/49 I fOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

WEAK STOMACH. IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

and FEMALE AILMENTS. ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION Boxr, In Boxes, is. 14., and 2s. 9.1. h directions. The Is. 111. Box et. in 55 Ti . PREPARED ONLY BY 111 E PEOPB11: TOR-- THOMAS BEEMIAM,.St. olensl Lancam ... • BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THIS TEETH—PERFUMES TiPf BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all DrugOste, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. lid. and 28. 9d. per box (by post for IS or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, . and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. after excess in elting or drinking, and are tht most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Her curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH,II.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR Olt FOWLER'S CELEBRA.TED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however Lad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. old by all Patent Medicine Vendors

IirANTED, CARE of INFANT; would adopt If healthy; state own terms.—W., 14, )lm road, Walton, ,Liver- pool.

ENT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price tor parcels or- LA warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- WAIN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate. Manchester, ORTGAGB SECURITIES WANTED at once, in any district for £24,000, at 31 per cent: Quick com- pletions and low legal charges.—HEßßEßT GARNER, 61. Lord- street, Liverpool.

HAttnWARE, FURNITURE, BAiSINETTES. CYCLES, WRINGERS, PIPES, WATCHES, JEWELLERY AGENTS WANTED. Buyer's Guide free, write HENRY MAT,Birmiugham.

DRADBURT & CO., LTD. Sewing Machine Makers, 33, Winwick-st., Warrington, req.tire a good canvasser ; salary and Commiseion.—Apply to MANAGER, any morning between nine and ten o'clock. WANTHD,—To purchase or exchange Household FUHNI- T Y TUBE of every de-crlption. in large or small quanti- ties ; sewing and wringing machines. Best voices given' Prompt cash.—Apply JONES, furniture dealer, Market-st., Earlestowa.

Q&COND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrioal,Band Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JAMF.B GOB- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 328. 328, and 346, D.ansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen'a misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price. •

lIOUSE aid ESTATE CARPENTER seeks RE-ENGAGE- MENT single-banded or otherwise. Good at repairs, remodelling stables &e., very handy man for gentleman's estate doing painting. glarng, and any j,bbing work, good reterences, disengaged in a few weeks. —X.L., 128, Bow El- ST , MAIDSTON E.

WANTED EXPERIENCED SALEaWOMAN and ASSIS- TANT (in DRAPERY TRADE preferred) for a b such of the Scotch Wool and Hosiery Stores. which will shortly be opened in Warrbigton Apply by letter with copies of testimonials, to '• MANAGER Scotch Wool and Hosieiy Store, 41 Blackfriars-st., Manchester.

XTESICO-SUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane V Blikter for Horses in the world ;no blemish ;no tying the heads, no rest ne..ded ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free ; price 2s. 6d. or 55., ot Chemists, or post free. —GREGORY. Veterinarian, Bristol.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary look free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees. cracks d heels. grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Cundy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbe off. Prices, ( oz. Is. : 20 oz Is. of all Chemists. XTETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases 3f Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDIed Fturn 'ORKS. 61. Turnroili-street. LondomE C.

COOK has few LOGS from his splendid Silver Wyandottes, 4s. per dozen carriage paid.—SKEL- TON MANOR, MARSTON. BEDFORD. , DLACK MINORCA. EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters Noted, Layers and Prise Strain, also splendid Orpingtons only 2s. 6d. dozen. packed.--JosEPa EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., Harlestown.

TAI(IG-B.—Am booking ordt rs for eggs from my grand pen L./ of Pekins, including drake winner tir,t at Dairy. Price 7s. 6d. B zaar Certificate. LEVESON GOWER, College, Cirencester.

(AN SALE.—RGG3 (Prize Strains), Plymouth Rocks, Orpingtons, Black Mincitcas, and bilver Wyandotte. 2s. 6d. per dozen ; also Cockerels, Minorcas and Wyandotts, ss. each.—J. G. PowNeu.. Great Sankey,near Warrington. GGB, Eve from black minorcas (noted strain) winners „ at Birmingham. Br sto% Bideford, Newnham, Newport, ellh,gtm numerous others, 6s. dozen two dozen 10s., unfertiles replaced .—WEN, Strangford, Cievedon, Somerset.

AT PDSIONDSON. Crank Poultry Yard (Established 1 1894 thanks his cast mers for their liberal support in the past, and by nin fi hir 19 to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. CI stomers will confer a favour by inspecting his Stocs before buying Eggs elsewhere, Plymouth Ricks, Black Minorcas. Langshans. [loin-lams, Dark Brahmas, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-tied), Brown Leg- horns, White Le2horna, Golden Pencilled Hamburgirs, Buff Co limns, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6th per sittingof 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, and White Wyandottes, Black Minoeras, Single and Rose-Combed Orpingtons. Light Brahmas, 4s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game 6s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carnage ptid. Cata- logues cos free. yard ()nen on holidays Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

iiiarbtnerp, tni Oalt, BLAST-FANS (new) for one fire for 15s. from maker. HAIGH, Otley-road, Skipton, Yorkshire.

Air A ell INERY.—Ten Stands, and 20 pair of Rollers from JL 3} to 7 inches long, for making boiled sugar sweets ; no reasonable offer refused.—Apply 3, Bridge-street, Bun- Cons.

TN STOCK Ifydrauli Prsrs, Hams from 4 to 14 inches, Pumps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, etc.—WlLLum KNOTT, Fairfield street, Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are us a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue or wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. - -

pATII,NT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha more tnan 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactares. "Self-ht;p to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS VAREGOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT A-13tiSTOS PACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESToS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' KINGS, SHEI.TINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine, Direct from the Sole Vendors in the N ortbern Counties : F. R. P TZ, ' Sand 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CUR'PHEY, AND CO.. 2. STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Tel,Tram Addresses: " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool, BEWARE OP WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

GEORGE JA PAWNBHOKH B, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITR 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON, Dealer In WATCHES, JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Detcription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

rrHE follom hag articles of JEWBL- -1 LEHI'. were forfeited this week. Payments taken. Ladies very neat Gold WATCH, plats movement and jewelled in S. 4 pair extra. A bargain for

T ADIES' Gem RING, set with 3 XI opals and two diamonds of Payments taken. yery fine lustre and brilliancy, in neat 15 carat setting. A splendid S. offer for

ri ENT'S very Handsome solid 9 Payments taken. CI carat ALBERT. very pretty design, forfeited by special contract. £3 15s. See this for '

VVVERY Handsome China CENTRE- PIECE cf two Figures. very Payments taken. rich design and prettily guilded, our price, including shades and 12E. D. stands only Don't miss this. •

TIORFBITBD pair cf Antique Bronze JUGS. very richly Payments taken. abased, and standing quite 18in high, • an opportunity not to be missed, 11S. 6D. for

WE have a large stock of Flock Beds for sale, prices ranging 6s. 11d. to I7s. 6 blocks are war- ranted clean and free from dust. Payments taken. All wool flocks in bags of SCI. each frem 4s. Ild. to 108. 6d. ; Bedticks from Is. 4d. to 10s. 6d. • M..ttresses, large size, ss. Ild, a pair.

WELHAM'S ASTHMA CURB never falls to cure canaries, See you get Welham's. Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

BRITISH ARMY BLANKETS, 28. each. Bft. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool ; or 20s per doz. sample post free, 2s. 6d. from H. J. °MOWN, Government Contractor, Rye.

EPITAPHS, Courtship, Valentines. etc., send 7 stamps for Original Poem on any subject you want. Ten Years experience.—A. CECIL. 27,i York-street. Granby-et , Leicester.

RHEUMATISM. itfiICUMATISM, RHEUMATISM .—Cure guarantred by Prior's Magic Liniment; try it.— STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London, N.W.

OTICE —Great Clearance SALE of Musk Paraffin. Dry 1/1 Soaps. 13s. 6d per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from Muiness ; rare chalice; cwts. sent.-11cEsuGHT, Fleetwood.

LOHSINE, new white Cream for polishing all kinds of Metal. For free samnle anybody may 13,4nd stamped addressed envelo9e to LOHSINE DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted. TNFLUFNZA.-A SURE CURE, in Certain Preventative. The prescription will be sent, gratis to anyone who en- closes a directed envelope stamped.—Address the Bev. J. E. WOODICIV. Vicarage, Ormskirk.

DUES ! PILES All outward Piles cured in two or three days wills BODDY 8 PATENT OINTMENT; Testimonials from all parts; only one trial solicited.—Apply W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks, Boxes by post Is.

IiEP FROM DAMP.—I HAVE some extra-strong white WATEkPROOP SHEETS, 6ft. by 3ft. 2s, 6d, 6ft by 6tt. 55., carriage paid; cost four times the money.—From HENRY J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

T ANNED NETTING for nreservinit fruit trees, flower 1 beds, Sze., from frost and blight, 35 square 'cards for is. Sent any width on approval. C irriage paid on all orders over 58.—H.J. GassosT, fish merchant, Rye, Sussex. pHOTOGRAPHY mane easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house in the trade ; goods bought and exchanged.—PnOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxfard-street, Manchester (All Saints).

FOUND, a way to make One Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderlul Stock of Gentle,. en's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on hire, 3s. to 66. per dsy • —BLwooD, 164, London-road. Liverpool. TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON t.P SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

BILLIARDS I BAGATELLE I—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is HENN ID BROS., LTD., 29. Hieh-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and ushion samples, post tree. Estab- lished 1b62.

qlO CHEMISTS and DEUGGISTS.—Eusiness FOR SALE, In present hands 28 years proprietor retiring, well fitted shop, seven-roomed house, ren' st tsii and fixrures £lsi, or valuation, no goodwill.—Api,._ I', 1 . WtISON, West-Street, Boston. Lincs.

DRESS SUFIS, 20e. excellelo Few tspecial Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 12a. Suit, on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Icisfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—liimoon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

Daud DEALFJ6, wanting a cheap fine, write at once for ltllb sample bundle of VELFE MEN FENTS, lengths } yard to ft, yard., is. 3d. per lb. Cash! • Usual price, 2s. 31.; 3 ton lot, must be clearad quick IMention paper.—tllLAM and Co., Fent and Job Merchants, 15, York-place, Leeds.

QICIN and ScORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA, SCURF. SYCOSIS (Parber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT." Has cured cases of long standing after medical rr en have failed. Per Box 9fd By Post Is. From IL ENGLAND, Lis- card, Liverpool.

OOK LOOK I! LOOK GREATEST BARGAINS ON HAI,TH, —10.003 Waterproot Hoods and Capes I Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 7s 6d. each, I will send a Hood and Cape tor 24 stamps, post free, quite new, but put out of service. —HENRY JOHN Gassos, Government Contractor, Rye.

_ _ ROSES, &c.—Good strong young trees, named varieties. irom 4s. 6d. to es per dozen; Carnations, choice varieties, hardy garden plants in great variety, strong privet for hedges, 63. 100; forest trees, Rhododeadrons. de. ; decora- tive plants, Sce.. cut flowers Sm., at wholesale prices. Catalogue of GEORGE ANDREWS, Padgate Nurseries,Warring- ton ; five minutes from Cemetery.

BELFORD'S " TURPINA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA, SWOLLEN LIMBS, or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my " Turpina," it will speedily and radically cure you. Instant relief alter first application. Splendid testi- monials In bottles at Is. 11.. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each, or post free 3d. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps.—JAMES BEL- FORD, 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON, W.

K.UMW by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rate dead. hundreds of testimonials from farmers an& others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. is. 24.. Is 6d.,25. 6d..65., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Reds. Sold by Chemists.

"VW ARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1837, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—Te PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two mill on feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, ,ko. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6,i, stamps. MonELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-at,, Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock ists snd prices of glass monthly, free.

Telephone: N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, A.CCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ). AUCTION BOOMS—No. 1 Rank Street Warrington . AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass. Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock I nsurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boller Insumnce Company, Limited. Established 1861.

TEIOSIAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

T ADIES AND GENTLEMEN SUCCESSFULLY INTRO- DUCED. Private and genuine.—Arldress in confid- ence, six stamps, MADAME DE Aims, 121, Great Jackson-st.. Manchester.

_ EVERSIONS.—£I2,OOO to advance ono Mortgage of Reversions and Interest under Wills at reasonable rates of interest or will purehase for cash.—HERBERT GARNER, 61, Lord-street, Liverpool.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at hid disposal is open to advance Loons daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance na object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-st., Harkstown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. tror prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

THE ECONOMIC BANK (LO.) 57* OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, B.C. Accounts opened with sums of RI and upwards. 2* PER CENT. interest allowed on deposits front date of dPposit, repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT, on minimum quarterly balance of current accounts. Cheques can be drawn for sums under RI. All funds invested in first-class seatisable securities. No loans, discounts, or overdrafts No charge for keeping accounts. Particulars free, SAMITEL GVANEY MA,SSET, Managing Trustee.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. NIL JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVA.NCEb FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable lit useholders, on their own security. siONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONET TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquu:N, on your simple written prcroise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from St 11. Applications from RUNCORN and Districk generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £l.OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Porrovrer' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE 'lO RE-PAY. Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs, Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c., at 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capital can remain at Interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, Arid not connected with any Loan Offioe. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full partmulars from— J. CAM PBELL, EQ., Manchester Chambers, 461, Market Street, MANCHESTER.

Ettprlo, tia.ss.stnettes, earriages, . . wAD F.LEY CYCLES are up to date. well known as thorough reliable mounts, price with Dunlop Welch Tyres and gear case £lO. Lists Free. WALE & CO.. Smeth- wi •k, Birmingham. 1 ) ANELAGH CYCLES are of the Highest Quality at 1\ Lowest Prices; good Agents wanted in every town and village where not represented; new fists now ready.— HANELAGH CYCLE CO., Leamington and Coventry.

CYCLES—Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered, priees to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; Cushions, from 355. ; and Pneumatics. from £4 10s. ; exceptional bargains ; sole agent for the Celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability ; popular prices , all kinds of machines exchanged.—PARTINGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deansgate, M nchester, and 114. Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpool.

FREE I FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES! SAFETIES SAFETIES Important to A gents,Dralers and others. Wholesale List containing 1000 (One Thousand) Machlnes, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. S. per cent. cheaper than other makers or agents. Why pay more or fancy prices ? Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once for the largest and most complete list in the cycle tr de. Sterling va ue and no large profits W IL SVAIIIIIIOW, Cytte Works, Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare. I_l OUPER AND 611,1110 N 6 COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victorias, Wagonettes, and Phretons. now for Sale or Hire.

Vublitations. 44110 vi TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of .11 kinds of Debility : post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnstairy, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Zook sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address G-EORGE Evans and Co,, Stockbrokers, 24. Queen Victoria-st., London, B.C.

IMPORTANT NOTIOR.—WANTRD every mart to see the 1_ Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free I.y post. Any address in envelope.—Write 16. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, PitzAllan-square, Sheffield.

14. REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds. which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cave tor lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC, ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mereury, are Invaluable to all who suffer 1 from BILIOUS and LITER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NE 4TOUB DEPRESSION IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APP/ITITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, SW. DR. SCOTTS p,L LS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT Manionvit oave we equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stortlach. They give is healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. I )R, SCOTT'S PILLS, eh( uld be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th. ir charge as hy paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proptiet or, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

FLEMING, REID AND CO., THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK. WILL SHORTLY OPEN A BRANCH OF TEE SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 17, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale' of their CELEBRATED KNITTING WOOLS, KNITTED HOSIERY, AND SHAUSWATER DRESS FABRICS. Direct from THE GREENOCK MILLS. OVER 70 BRANCHES throughout England and Scotland.

ALL LETTERS TO BE AD DRESSED TO EXAMINER OFFICE WARRUtiTON. TE " EX AMINEI:" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE WARRINGTON AND NI 1 D-CH ESHIRE " RXAMINICIt," published every Saturday morning. THE EARL ESTO WN AND NEWTON •‘ EX- AMINER," published every Friday afterno THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon, THE RUNCORN " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERF,IIMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above mentioned Papers for ONE CHAROII, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE By PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANT. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISVS TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Threo Six Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

Tlll4] EXAMINER. SATURDAY, MARCH 16 1895.

A mathematician has discovered that a bicyclist can travel fifteen miles over a good road on his wheel with less exertion then be can walk three miles.

Hotnocea Touches the SPOT for Rheumatism

' 1 I.! i •C'''.4,• ,' • ACV , / i% '6 / ' ii, ,Il tk .; he W 44474, Af,' r-VPll':7 ' . f-, ~ ,e• 1, , -- • - .... '<mil . , :2,4' 4; 4 !!)11 4:74 ON, ..V.--'s',l e", 4 %--..-31,,,41,' `'''''•-5< '': Wr IT is simply marvellous how I quickly Homocea, if thoroughly rubbed in, stops the excruciating pains which accompanies these disorders, for Homocea instantly Touches the Spot. Homocea has thoroughly established 1 its reputation as a pain reliever. It 1 is not only an embrocation, but it is a household preparation of great ) merit, and whether in Earache, Toothache, Sprains, or Strains, it has only to be used to he fully appre- ciated. In Cuts and Burns the pain )is stopped and healing sets in at , once. Sold by all chemists, is. i 3d. I and 2s. 9d. per box.

footman. "You wilt step this way to my lady's boudoir." Doris followed him through the hall, with its crimson velvet carpets and handsome chairs up the broad staircase, where the flowers and statues gave the place an aspect of fairyland. She saw before her a long, broad corridor where hung some superb pictures. The man drew aside a heavy velvet curtain, and she was in Mrs. Long - worth's boudoir, in the presence of that lady her- self. ".Miss Brandon, who wishes to apply for the governets's position," announced the footman. Doris stepped timidly forward, her face flushing under the sharp scrutiny 'of the keen, cold grey eyes bent upon her. "Really," said Mrs. Longworth, indicating seat with a haughty wave of her jewelled hand. "Can it be possible you are applying for my situa- tion ? ' Doris modestly answered: "Yes, madame." "You are so young to teach my child—scarcely more than a child yourself." "I am seventeen," replied Doris, in a low, sweet voice. "What are your accomplishments, young lady? I suppose you have a thorough knowledge of the languages, music, drawing, etc. I should like to hear you read. Ah, here is a French novel, and in French. This will do." - Doris took up the book, and her clear, well- modulated accents rather pleased the lady. "I have but one child—a little daughter," she said; "and as she is destined to be more than ordinarily plain-looking, I should like her to be clever and accomplished. Will you read me a little Italian? Then you may sit down at the piano and play a few bars of something." And Doris read again, the sweet, soft Italian falling like clear notes from her lips. Doris confessed to not being very well accomplished in music. "That will do. And now about the remunera- tion expected. Taking into consideration the fact that I shall have to pay expensive masters for the branches in which you are deficient, I thought of offering you one hundred dollars a year." Less—much less—than she paid to the humblest aervant in her house. The cook would have laughed at such a sum; the housemaids have in- dignantly refused it; the footmen have considered themselves insulted at such an offer; but Doris, ignorant of all this, thought it a magnificent awn, indeed. "A hundred dollars a year !" she repeated. Mrs. Longworth, whose conscience was not quite dead, thought she was reproaching her. "We would begin with that," she said. "If I found my child improved under your care, I would increase it. Can you come to me soon?" "At once, it you would like," replied Doris, gratefully. "There remains only one thing, and that is references. Of course, having come from the bureau, you have good ones." "I have none," replied Doris, simply. "I have no one to whom I could refer." "In that case," replied Mrs. Longworth, "please consider the interview ended;, and I shall not fail to express my indignation to the manager of the bureau for having dared to send me a person who had no reference to offer. Good morning." And with a cold bow, she turned to her book, as though to intimate she had nothing further to say. There was a burning flush on Doris's face as she passed out of the elegant mansion. must not lose heart," she said to herself. "I will try Mrs. Heath next." Again Doris found herself mounting the steps of a magnificent mansion in the fashionable portion of the city. Mrs. Heath looked up in wonder at the fair young girl ushered into her presence. Briefly Doris ' stated her errand. "I may as well state, in the first place, that I have no references to offer," thought Doris; and she acted on The impulse of the moment. • "In that case it is a pity you troubled yourself by coming here," Mrs. Heath said curtly. "You will not suit me." Doris crushed back the tears in her blue 'eyes, and sought the third address on the list. "Yes, Mrs. Dorchester is at home, Miss," said the servant, ushering Doris into a superb drawing room. "Be seated. It seemed to Dorris she must have been seated in the drawing-room quite half an hour, waiting patiently, when suddenly she heard footsteps and the rustle of a silken robe. The next moment the door opened, and an elegantly dressed lady swept into the room. She started violently as her eyes fell upon Doris's face. (To be continued). 7,ROW i HIS TO SOME WOMAN. I will sr nd a valuable. instructive, and highly Interesting book which eve-y woman would' be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice sod tells both mairied and single bow to keep healthy and avoid tbe anxieties so distres›ing to the sex. Sent tree, securely sesled, for one stamp to cover postage. AnDasss Professor E. LASALLE. 17, Eastbourne Terrace Paddinxton, London. W

FURTHER PRPOF that CONSITMPTION and ASTHMA OS always relieved by DR. LOCOCR'S PULMnNIC WAFERS. Ur: Pearce, 11.P.5.„ 217, Athol Street, Liverpool, writes lady state lto no that Dr. Locock's Pulmonic Wafers were the only thing that gave ease to her daughter, suffering fro m ns Consumption. This is only one case out of any 1 eoeli . mention." D In. Lococa's WAFERS instantly relieve BO' '^ rapidity cure Asthma, Consumption, Bronchitis, Co esgh°'• Colds, Shortness of Breath. Phlegm, Pains in the Chest. Rheumatism. arvi taste pleasantly. Sold at Is. ltd Ss. 9," - 4s. 6d. and lls, per box by all Druggists.— 4 Chtt . (2).,

WEEKLY REPORT ON TEE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 2nd March 1895. During the week, which was the 9th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 3B 33 Latchford 3 2 Total 4l 35 The excess of births over deaths was 6. The death rate from all causes was equal to 61-8 per 1,000, against 213 the average of the previous four weeks, and agains6,. 19.6 the corresponding week of last year. The death - rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 111 per 1,000, against 1.3 the average rate of the fouy previous weeks, and against 5 5 the corresponding of 1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 55 up. 33 9 4 2 1 12 5 2 1 1 35 The deaths included-2 from Enteric tt fever, 1 fro. puepurral fever, 1 from intluenz I and lung disease, 1 from alooliolismus, 1 from cancer. 1 from droPsY, 1 from old age, 10 from lung disease, 6 from brain disease 1 from heart disease, 2 from kidney disease, 4 from do The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 4 cafe 1 enteric fever, 1 case; Total number of patients in hos" pital 2nd March, 29. Meteorology.—The mean temperature was 364 Fah.t and therefore 6.4 dogs. higher than the preceding week' The maximum temperature 45 F.. was recorded on the Ist inst., and the minimum temperature 28 F., on the 27th inst. The rainfall measured .25 inch. The general direction was N., the reading of the anemometer denoting 1100 miles. weeK JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Offic(r of Health. WARRINGFTON AND DISTRICT TRACHREB ASSOCIATION. A meeting of this association was held on Safer% day morning, in the Heath-side Boys' School. Mr A. Cann (president) occupied the chair, and the attendance was numerous. A paper on " Superan- nuation " was read by Mr. A. Wilcox, hon., treasurer. This evoked a discussion, which wag hearity joined in by several members. SUb sequently a committee was formed to interview the candidates for Parliamentary elections to pres, apon them the necessity of supporting the teac- hers claims in the House of Commons.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE, HIGHEST REFERENCES' MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWN f_; TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD

MARRIAGE 1.`., Plharrl; GILL—COOK.—March 4th, at the Par 1t ton, by the Rev. P. W. Willis, Arthu Herbert Harriet Cooke. Cbss' r''n. CALLON—SIINDERLAND.—March 7th, at the Parish 108, to Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, James Cal Annie Sunderland. 001 WYCH—DODD. -March 7th, at the Parish Church. ton, by by the Rey. G. B. Thurston,Samuel Wycb, Dodd. DEATHS. • _ 0,3000 Smnir.—Febrnary 27th, at 72, Priestly-street, l'rl's Peter Burton Smith, aged 56 years. SnantEnn—March 2nd. at WarbOrtort-streCt, solo, Joseph Skepherd. aged 47 years. SMlTH—March 2nB,at Badgate-lane,Warrington,Bl" peasbeth aged 67 years. GRACE—March 3rd. at Grove-et., WarringOn' °' roGwr Na cAeL.La—g ex: a4r cyhe 5a tr he . , GARRITY—March 4th. at D'll t W i gt4n 'Bridget 1-A ~ arr n . lobil rity, aged 65 years. at Roblnson's-eourt, n, Warrieg° Ole° Pownall, aged 3 '7th. NzwTow—March 7th. at Thynne-et., Warringt". Newton, aged 46 years.

I

1

Ti 1 CI Pi Ai e,

I

1Z 1.4 at c, kg
