===== 0002601_18950831_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
• NO RUGISTBRND FOR 55 TRANSatISSiON ABROAD.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRI NOT() N MUSICAL SOCIETY. iamb lup„, ..ARSAIS (BAND AND CHORUS) WILL BE TitruMED on TUE.,DAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 3rd, in tine iSITY SCHOOLS at 7.30 W. E ATKIN, Bon, Secretary.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
vy 4ItRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. taibri 2 41.14 - a'nung. Modelling, Life-classes, etc. Elemen- -.4vaacedlrork in all departments.

%abut SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. keitzt,ne,r3atit4evectiehea,nißesuildsltnalmConpreciteißoninaroghai:i! 410,11:te:Y* Mewtalrgy, Organic Chemistry, Physiology, QOdlron and Steel, Tanning, Dressmaking. COMMERCIAL LASSES. Nettict_.Shrrthand, Arithmetic, Book-keeping, Corn- ",Pundence, French, Spanish, German, Music. 1., CONTINUATION SCHOOL. spulttor toZtaiincl, 3,0 asses in F.nglish Composition, Arithmetic, Drawing. Elementary Science, beeediework, ete 64 %big 2.2 close_ on Tuesday, re-open on Monday, September 16th. a 13.71 jhutesoi;szr,imsatember 3rd. For fees, 3.c., see CHARLES MAD ELEY, L'lbt Secretary.

4"611ra, Bold-street.

W. C lIFST ER, 132, BRIDGE-STR''.ET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND ALL RINDS OF FANCY GOODS. °YAL LONDON FRIENDLY SOCIETY. -7-quence RSTABLISHED 1861. of the great development and success of laNhc'eletY's operations in Warrington and the Neiglib.wir- e Directors have secured a lung lease-of the premises the !I/CRY-STREET It ARM NO'l ON , and the buNtness t,itb district w'll 4111.. y. 189. -a carried on at that address after this date, °Mee Hours, 9to 5. Saturdays, 9, to 1. T. H. ASHCROFT. District Superintendent OLD 4 ettyt ARANC ALE OF CYCLES. --CTI°R OF HIGH-CLASS MACHINES TO BE 'Ttiery,„,„ SOLID REGARDLESS OF COST. Raleighs," " Sparkbrooks," " Trents," lurp'..llYiell Wheels," " New Rapids," Ac., BE CLEARED. NO REASONABLE 1 OFFER REFUSED. .4%. CALL AND INSPECT FOR YOUESELVES. tra should not fall to avail themselves of the exceP A.,tienal Bargains we are now offering. MACHINES GUARANTEED. uta or Ulric Purchase. Prices from £7 7s. 4°414 GRIFFITHS CYCLE CORPORATION, • LIMITED, • ' .STLIC-sTIIRR r, LIVERPOOL. • 35 REVOLI7 PION IN THE 35 . WATCH TRADE. 1)4, B. CARDWELL, RACTICAL WATCHMAKER, , I%i DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Use Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English I*bILVER LEVER WATCH, 'no, VA works and curftte in time, at a cost ef e1tR11,7,414,. 3' Persons will be surprised that a genuine ltb/9akver can be made for the price, bet T. B. tave..7„RLL has succeeded in producing an English .D",/1461:4,• The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER "te v".".eZewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for ean be had at AJARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. liallian.Nere Door to nenta al Police Station. , .18-earat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. I W. rEMPERLEY music sEL ER, 'OFILA.ND'S ROAD RUNCORN. -qtiitto —`3, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. 41:Z4114 Reunirs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. 48ereents made for First-Class Orchestral .rwc Rand and Pianiets. ‘lB en HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE. hEN'S GREAT SALE VANUFACT MUIR'S E7X)CK OF 4sll:lEivrFl3 LATEST NOVELTIES IN Nab MAIL CARTS "'d ale Am) FOLLOWING DAYS. DRANSGATE, ISIANCHRSThR II OtINTR?SPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL.—The Oa siisstom will begin on TUESDAY. el ez6ri Rntranrie Scholarships of the com . ''he4t)t'lrgis are awarded annually, and numerous prizes 1244, 'RPen for copetltion by students of the 'vat ~,atithb 411 '4'l6 °f Patients treated in the wards during last t,thett Thl t nt re open to students without denrsn'O'f resiit appointments are pro; tcl and lodging. I;;iiadee, o:Mnodates 60 students. under the super- t•lVell4ollw=ind'es the fall curriculum required bob 0t,2141),. iTltnetanti. einu Athletic Ground is easily accessible. 14:471;Dratt It information for thuae about to eater the Pr,B4en will be forwarded on application. [Pls. Le f„,,s4Pectus of the School, containing full particu- .:aritkeerfie 01 study advised, regulations of the '‘inY, personally or by letter, to the DEAN, LOi.don-bridge

StINT INgURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED aux, 1710. 41611RxDIN 1894.—£393,622,400. INaprticulare ap ly ta the following Agents : "N ........ r R Pick mere & Son, Bridge-St. , dw W. Woods. Commercial Me Chambers. 55. Horsemarket-strect• .sre. Voieey and Worthington,2lKing•street Ur. R. Lowe, market Gate Chambers

ILK 11J4MBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3. GLORIA Iron; 3s. y Eizeep.airs."PTUClA, =ger, 669, Bridge Street, Warrington. UPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 1. BGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure oI Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss 4nd Surgical lapploince Works, 7 & 9. sarosivenor-street , Lon- km-moici. Manchester.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. KNUTSEORD PARLIAMEN- TARY DIVISION. trlai sTR ST ;ON OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS, COUNTY ELECTORS AND PAROUHIAL ELECTORS,IB9S. NTOTICE I'4 HEREBY GIVEN THAT CLEM6NT ELPHINSPONE LLOYD, ESQUIRE, having been appointed one of the Barristers to REVISE THE LISTS OF IiILECTOKi in Parliamentary elections, within the North Wales Circuit, veal ma' e a 'Circuit and hold Courts for Re- vising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors, County Electors end Parochiss. Elect() a, and also of the separate List of Per- sons entitled to be elected *embers of the County Council of the County ot ithester, though not entitled to be on the County Eleetors' Roll of the said County, for the KNUTS- FORD DIVISION et' the COUNTY OF CHESTER, at the everat timNii and paces following. that fate say— For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. Dislty Po ling District—Disley, Lyme Handley. and Newton. Whaley Bridge Polling District—Kettles- bultne. Ta all, and Y ardelty-cum-Whaley. On Friday, the 13th day of September next, at 11-20 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the National .school, Disley. For the several Pariihes in the tollowing Polling Distri:t. vat. Poy ton-with-Woith Polling District—Poynton- with-Worth and Woodford. On Friday, the 13th day of Seto emler ntxt, at 2 SS o'cicck in the Afternoon, at the

News boom, Pot n' on. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. : Bollington Paing Distriet—Bollington, Kerridge, and Pott brissley. bainow Polling Distriet—Maccles- Reid Fore.t, and naleow. On Saturday, the 14th day of . September next, at 11.45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at toe Suuday schnil, Bo lingt ,n. For the several Parial.es in the following Polling Districts, viz.: Adlington Polling Distriet—Adlington and Newton. Prestbory Polling District Butley, Fallibroome, Mottram St. Andrew, Prestbury, Tytherington, and Upton. On bat urday, the 14th day of September next, at 3 o'olock in the Afternoon, at the Black Boy Inn, Pres. bury. For the sevei al Parishes in the following Polling District, ▪ : Wilmslow Polling DiStrict—Bollinfee, Styal. and Wilmslow. On Monday, the 16th day oi September next, at 11 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Drill Hall, Wilmal w. For the several Parishes in the following Polling District, viz. s Alderlev Polling Dittrict—Alderley Edge, Alderlev Nether, A'derlev Over,.Choriey, and Warford tireat. On Monday, the 16th day of September next. at 3 o'clock in the Afternoon at the Public Hall, Alderley Edge. For the several Parishes in the folloning Polling District, viz : Sidiii• gton Polling District—Capesthorne, Chelford, Marton, Siditington.Bnelson. Somerford.Booths. W itlsing- ton Low, rand Withington Old. On Tuesday, the 17th day of September next, at 11.15 o'clocl in the Forenoon, at the Nati, nal :school. biddington. For the several Pan-sheet and parts of Parishes in the following Polling District, vlz:—Holmes Chapel Polling District— Brereton-cum-Smethwick, Byley, that part of the Parish formsrly known as By,ey-cun-Yatehouse; Church mime, Cot.un CrAP Age. •Davetiport, Kermincharn. Leese, Somerford. that part of the parish formerly known as Somerfor cum.:Radnor ; Sproston, that part of the Parish forrnerty known as Mooresbarrow-cum-Pai ; Sprostain, that ~art ot the Parish formerly known as S, rston, esswettenham and Twemlow. On Tusday the rt,t, day of -September next at 215 o'c'ock• in the After- noon. at the Assembly Room, Holmes Chapel. For the stveral Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. :—Aish, on-bpßudworth Polling District—Ashton- by-Budwort h, Crowley and Pickmere. Knutstord Polling I iist rict —Beaten, Knutsford, Mere, 011erton, Tahley Infsrior, Tabley Superior. Tatton and Toft. kobberlei. Polling Dial rict—Marthall-eum-Warford • and 'l`Mobberl y. Over Peover Polling Diarist —Blackden, cum-Barnshaw, ant Peover Superior. On Wednesday, the ibth day of September next, at 10 30 o'clock in toe orenook, at the Sessions Rouse, Kntitsford. For the ss vend Parishes and part of a Parish in the following Polling District', . viz. : Aliostock Polling District--Alto- stock, Peover Interior, and Peover ether. Appleton Poll" g D,strict--Appi N eton with Hull and Stretton. Lost ock Gr lb m Polling District—Lach Dennis, Losteck Gralirm. PI imley, Hudheath, and Whateroft, that part of the Parish formerly known as bhipbrook, onWednesday, the 18th day in September next, at 320 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Working Men's Club, Lostock Gralam. For ths several Parizhes in the following Polling District, viz.: Grapnenhall Polling Distrlet—Grappenhall, La ch- ford an- Latchfor Without, on Thursday, the 19th day of September next, at 11,15 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Large Room, Gras peuh,ll. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz.: Daresbury Polling District—Acton Grange, Dares- bury. Hatton..Kekewick. Moore, Newton-by-Daresbury, Preston-Ah-ilill, Walton Inferior and Walton Superior, _

. - - Whitl y Poling District—Antrobus, Seven Oaks, Whitley Inferior and Whitley t-uperior. And ferall and every the Parishes, 'Townships, and places (if any) within the sAt linutforal Division of the County Pt Uhe,ter, For which Courts to Revise the Parliamen ory Electors' Lists, County Electors' Lists, and Paro,hial Ele?tors' Lists. therein hove not hereinbefore been ap- pointed on Friday the 2 th day of September neat, at 11.45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Magistrates' Court

House, Daresbury. At the Courts for such of the above-mentioned Parishes as are situate within the Borough of Warrtngton, the Barris- ter will, u der the above Notice, revise the Ownership Lists only for such Parishes. Alt Overse. rs and other Persons whose attendance may be neeessasy,.are he eby required to attend the said Courts at th sever 1 times and pla, es aforesaid, at which the Lists of their respective Pc/A ishts are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to prosuce In Court the kate Books of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates marle.ami allowed during the period between the sth day of January, 1894, ad the 15th day of July, 1895, and to bring with them copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and 01 jectronityri other Papers they have received, concerning the Regi ion of Parliamentary Elect:us for the Knutinord ird County and Parochial Electors of the said Comity ..of Chester. .R EG I NALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Ch.tter.2lst August. 1.395.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. NORTHWICH PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. 'REGHTRA kIoN OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS. CIiUNTY ELECT° VS AND PAROCHIAL ELECTORS, 1895. MOTIChI IS HEREBY GIVEN that DAVID ill AR( HE VAUGHAN COLT WILLIAMS. ESQUIRE, having been appointed one of the Barristers to REVISE THE LIST:: OF ELLLTORS in Parliamentary Elections, within the North Wales Circuit, will make a Circuit and hold Ccorts tor Revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors, County lectors, anti Parochial EleAors, and also of the Separate List of Persons entitled to .be elected Members of the County Council of.the County Of Chester, though not entitled tO be on the 0 tunty Electors' Boil of the said County. for the NORTHWICH DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHESTER, at the seve-altanes and places following, that late say : For the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the follow- ing Polling Districts, viz :—Barnton Polling District Ander' on. Barnton. Bartington, Cogshall, Comberbach, Little L. Igri and Marbury. Davenham Polling Distr.ct— Davenham Baton Leftwich, Moulton. Whatcroft : that part formerly known as the Parish ot What trott. Mars. ton Polittg Distr.ct--,Budworth Greet, Marston, and Winvb m. Northwich I(Castle) Polling Thstrict— tiara. f out, and Northwich • that part formerly the Urban part of Hartfot d. and the Parish of Castle Northwich. North- wich (Leftwich) Polling District—NothvricH: that part formerly the Urban pact of Leftwich and Pariah of North- wi. b Northwich (Wince.) Polling District—Northwich : that part formerly the Parish of Witton-oum-Twam- broom s. Weaverlitm Polling District—Acton and Weaverham cum-111.ton. Winnington Polling District— Northwicu : that part formerly the Urban port of winn- ington : that pa. l formerly the I.7,ban part of Winning- ton ; irmingtOn : that part formerly the Rural part of wt.mington ,; Winnington : that port former y known as Wailerscote. On Monday, the 16th day of September next, at 10.45 o'clock in the Forenoon ; on Tuesday, the 17c Ii day of September next, at 10.45 o'clock in Forenoon; and on Wednesday, the 181 h day of Septemper next, at 10.450 clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 o'clock in the Evening on the sameday,at the Magistrates'Court kLouse,

Northwich. _ For the several Parishes and Darts of Parishes in the follow ing P Iling Districts, viz : Aston-by-Sutton Po ling District-Aston Grange, Aston-by-Sutton with Middle- ton Orange, Dutton. and Sutton. Halton Polling Dis- trict-Halton Norton, and Stockham. Runcorn North Poling District-That part of Runcorn called uneorn Notth. Runcorn South Polling District-That part of Runcorn called linworn South. Weston Polling Dia- tact CI fton and Weston, on Friday. the 20th day of September next, at 10.45 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 &aloe, in the evening on the same day, and on Satur- day, the 21st day 0! September next. at 10.45 o'clock in ' tie Forenoon, at the Magistrates' Court House, Runcorn. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, vie. : Winsford (Over) P,,lling District-over. Winsford (Wharton) Polling District-VVharton, on Monday, the 231 d day of 6eptember next, at 11.30 o'clock in the Fore- no .n, and at 6 o'clock in the livexing on the Same day, at l he h ree Uhurch Scho de, High Street, Wincord. For the several Paristra and parts of Parishes ita the follow; ing Polling District, viz. :-.Middlewieh Poling Dis-f' tart -Rostock : Byley .: that past formerly known as Croxton and Ravenscrolt ; Clive, Kinderton t that watt formerly known as Kinderton-cum-Hulme ; Middiewich and Stanthorne Ana for all and every the Parishes. Townships end Places (if any) within the said Northwich Division of the County of Chester. for whieh Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electcrs' Lists. County,Erec-.1 tors' Lists and Parochial Electors' Lists th,reirt have not hereinbefore been appointed. On Tuesday, th-'241.h day of September next, at 12 o'clock noon, at the TOtyn Hall, Middlewieh. , All Overseers and other Persons whose attenclanCe nifty be . neeessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at , the several times and Piae..El aforesaid, at which the Lists , of their respective parishes ar- hereby appointed '1 o b, revised, and all Overseers are required .to p mines in Court the • Rate Rooks of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates made and al- towed du, log the peilod between the sth dav of January,lB94, aild the 15th day of July, 1895; and to bring with them doll ei of their Lists, and all Notites of :Claims and objeo- time. tied other Papers, they have received. 'c,a.ice..ning the fienist.ation of Parliamentery Electors tor the Northwich .Divisima and County arid Porochial gieccor; of the said j?Otti,s)/, Chester. , ..11FIGIKALLI; POTTS, ioutar, ow Autus'Cltetil 89k'05. fthe!Cheshiee.County Council. ' :I"*s'oti bani RN 4.1 z,,, ." a .) . . - . ~.4:.;!: ;:,.

zi

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible, Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI MONIALS, and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGHST Remedy Sold, and in no single case has it ever failed—even in the most longstanding, intricate, and lingering cases. Post free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure ss. (five shillings),—Mrs, W. E MACKENZIE, Trafford House, • O. Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Ideation paper.

I

•

, '

: : •

I

===== 0002601_18950831_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18950831_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
• 'WHITE MSATILARsTEALmINEitEs. ROYAL •LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown, KVRRY WYDSTADAY. Cbtton not ea*.rted on Passenger Steamers. "MAJESI IC Wed.. dept. 4. 1 GERMANIC Wed.. Sept. 11. Second Cabin win be carried on toe voyage marked thus', Steerage passage at low rates. Including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAT, LIME, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-strtet, Loudon. LO., and 10, Water-ttreet, Lirervool.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Robipping Rotitts.

‘..2;

g§bipping Potitto.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

ADELAI DE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

WHY DO MEN SUFFER from Weakness, Despondency, Nervousness, Nervous D..biltty, Los. of strength, Youthful Imprudence, Lost Manhood. ac., when they can write to a friend (who has given the matter a life- long study) and be cured? Simple self-treatment.—linc:o,e stamped envelope to W. H. BROWN, Req.. 14 Cheeham Road, Brighton, who will send sufferers prescription free. (Name this paper.)

===== 0002601_18950831_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIOB ONB FUNNY

fliontp.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Riatrunonp.

MATRIMONY.—Gentleman, aged 46, principal in large business firm (is about to ratite). having made a sub- stantial fortune, desires corn epondene,e with an edattated, amiable, and affectionate lady (spinster or widow) with a view to marriage. Ample provision will he made. Strict secrecy.—Addrees. Mr. Wkm.fe, 101, Davies-eteeet, Berkeley- ' square, London, W.

ET Fon{ Is. 70 per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per Anumu 18.9 d. per Quarter credit.

CANT.

AND LABOI

CLOTH ING

STORES,

124, BRIDGE-STREET

WARRINGT(Li.

HIGH-CLASS ~TAILORING

AT POPULAR PRICES.

QUALITY.:STYLB AND FIT GUARANTBED.

SUITSqq i... ZTO MEASURE FROM tytn,

RICHARD DRETHERTON UN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMES'S-STREET, !WARRINGTON. PRIME DEEP, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORK, Ac., I..ways on band. from 5/td. to lid. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

GRAY AND DAVISON, ORGA.N BUILDERS. (ESTABLISHED 1750). LONDON, LIVERPOOL AND CHESTER. Builders of Organs in St. George's Chapel Royal Wind tor, Leeds Town Hall, Bolton Town Hall, Porternoutn Town Hall, Crystal Palace, and upwards of 11,000 repre- sentative organs in all parts of the world. LIVERPOOL BRANCH: 30, UPPER STANHOPE-STREET.

J.- Al 0s s, 6 FAMILY BOTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STRERT, AND 61, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

_ PRIME ENGLISH BEEP, MUTTON, VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promply attended to And delivered when required.

LO aratton.

_ ALTRINCHAII HIGli SCllooL.—Boarders re- ceived. Fees moderate. Prospectus at request.

SCHOOL for GIRLS. 36, Monkgate, York. Principals .. Misses Camidge ; terrns moderate ; pupils prepared for all local examinations.

ODERN SCHOOL, ECCL S.—Re-opens Septa M- -111 ber 2nd. For terms apply at school. Boarders recelved.—A. A. B. GOODALL, M.A.

ISS SANSOM'S SCHOOL re-opens Monday, August 26th. Terms moderate and inelusive.-191. FADGATE-LANE. Warrington.

'THE MISSES RIMMER, 23, WILSON (PATTEN 1 STREET, Warrington. Term will commence (D.V.) September 17th. Fees, Tcalmoniale, Lists of Passes, &c., on application.

MIDDLE CLASS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, Lonism VILLA, FROGRALL-LANE, WARRINGTON, Principal : MRS. JOHNSTO.s.E. Next Term commences Tuesday August 27th. Prospectus on application,

OLLY BANK SCHOOL, Tetlow-lane. Cheet- A. ham mu. Manehester.—A Sound COMMERCIAL EDUCATION, with Comfortable Home for Doarue.s.—F r prospectuses, apply to the Principal, Mr. J. H. SIMPSON.

-- HEALTH RESORT —University man of great experience In Education, about to remove to larger premises, will receive two or three additional boarders at twe thirds the usual fees. For prospectus, address "Doctor," Examiner Office. Warrington.

PREPARATORY SCHOOL, BATH. —The removal of the elder pupils. who have distinguished themselves at two public examinations this year, leaves vacancies at the convent for young gentlemen from 4 to twelve years of age. Particulars, Nev. MoritEE. the Convent, Bet'. MIDDLE CLASS SCHOOL FOR BOYS, Lon_ VILLA, PROGIIALL•LANE, WARRINGTON, Principal : I Mr. HENRY H. JOHNCT NE. Next Term commences, Tuesday August 27th. Prospectus on application. Yupile received for Evening Tuition.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- este and backward boys. Healthiest place in England. No Medical visit last ten years. Admission any time. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AUSTIN.

MR. J. J. LYTEIGOE, LICENTIATE L C Organist and Choirmaster St. Paul's Church. TEACHER of PIANOP,HITE. ORGAN. and THEORY. Candidates prepared for Musical Examinations. Many Past Successes. 7, WINMARLE iGH-STR HET, WARRINGTON

APPOINTMENTS UNDER GOVERNMENT.— Maks (14-30); Females (15-20) ; Preparation by corres- pondenceand oral classes. Most successful system. Recent successes, First place May Excise and 19 paBbes ; first place female clerkships and 4 passes, 35 boy clerkships &C. and pros- peettii free. G. B. BREHM', 67 Chancery-lane. London. C. S. Competitor Id. weekly.

f "TESCENT COLLEGE, YORK.—lligh - class ‘,/ Modern School for Girls; education thorough. Fees. very moderate. Delicate girls especially cared for. Health and oomfort studied in all the domestic arrangements. Pupils prepared for the CambAdge Locals, Trinity College, lad College of Premptors, in the ordinary school outline. Principal—Miss C. A. MILLER.

THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. TWELVE KING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tult,on fees. Four v luabl Exhibitions (£6O) to the niverslties. Boarding fee from £36 to £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2, £l6 per annum. Full prospe tus from the Rev. the HEAD MASTER. NEXT TEEM BEGINS SEPTERBRI4 19m, 1895.

QTORRS HALL, INGLETON, YORKS. This Establishment is beautifully situated in a brasing and healthy locality. The arrangements of the house afford every convenience that can contribute to health. comfort, and instruction. High-class Educition with individual care. Excellent results at examinations, as testified by the numer- ous certificates gained ev,ry year. Resident English and Foreign Governesses, also Visiting Professers, Principals—The Misses BROWN. Next Teim. Sept. 19th.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.

HEAD,MASTER:— Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus. Ac., on application.

WARRIN G TON GRA M MAR SCHOOL. The next TERM will begin on IUESDAY SEPTEMBER 17th. FEES :—SENIOR DIVISION £l2 pe: annum, aumon DIVISION £9 per annum. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from eiltt to twe:vo yam-a of age. FEE : --£6 per annum. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Vublitations.

"HOW TO ENSURE U.EALTII."—A medicai work giving Prescriptions ani Instructions for the cure of .11 kinds of Debility post free, two stsuips.—Address Dr. BIRNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, Loudon. N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safern, beet and quicke:,.! way to make money by Stocks and Shares h fully ex. phoned in Thirteenth annual edition ofExplauatOry Book sent post free. Full of valuatle information.

Adams GEORGE EVANS tald C0.,t3 WOO, r oker e , 24, Queen Victoria-et.. London, B.C.

• FuEE.To )dhm

When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious I Pr seariptions and corn pound s, which do yon no good, but only ' ruin your digestive organs, write to rue and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasthw weakness, Ao„ from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINIL NO ELNCTRIC- ITY. Sent in enyolope on receipt of two stamps for Postage A. J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-ctreet, London. W.C.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MAN is a sign-post :he can point out the right way for others, but he can't go himself. Much : "Sure, toimes is moighty har-r-ud. There's bin no wur-r-.uk at the mill for a mont'." Pat: "Why don't yez go on shtrike ?" A GREAT deal has been said as to the slowness of the turtle's movements, but al we can say is, he generally arrives in time for soup. THE JUDGE : "What is your age, madam ?" Fair Respondent : " Your lordship, I leave that to the mercy of the Court." There are occasions when a man feels that a real good sneeze would do him more good than a big legacy. • JUDGE GUFFEY " What passed between yourself and the complainant?" O'Brien: "I think, sor, half a dozen bricks and a piece of pavin'-stone." WILLY'S RUSE.—Willy : I heard papa sty that sugar is very fattening, mamma." Mainins. : "That is true, Willy." " Willy: " Then, mamma, wont you give me a couple of lumps for the greyhound ? " His SUSPICIONS WERE CONFIMIED.—A. : "I've forgotten more than you ever knew." B.: "I thought you'd met with some such misfortune as that." GOOD GROUNDS FOR PROPHECY.—Van Sharp: "I hear Gussie Hardluck is very ill. How is lie getting on, doctor?" Dr. Pillbox : "I don't think he will live a month." Van Sharp: "Who is attending him?" Dr. Pillbox (with some hesita- tion) : "I am." WHERE THE COST COMES IN.—Friend : "Is -yachting an 'expensive amusement?" Miss De style: " Awfully !" "I should not think those little sail-boats would cost very much." "Oh, the boats are cheap enough! It's the clothes." LITTLE JOHNNY KNEW.—Sunday School teacher: "Children, do you know the house that is open to all—to the poor, the rich, and sad and happy ;to man and woman •to the old and young? Do you know the house imean?" Little Johnny: " Yeth, ma'am, I know." Sunday School Teacher: Well, Johnny, what house is it ? " Little Johnny: "The police-station. SILENCE is only golden when you cannot think of a good answer. Every singer in a quartet can give three good reasons why the organisation isn't absolutely perfect. EXTRACT FROM A CELEBRATED DENTIST'S ALBUM.—"It has been stated that man in a savage state never suffers tooth ache. lam rather inclined to think that a man with a tooth-ache is in a savage state." A SIX•YEAR-OLD little fellow was forced to wear a shirt three sizes too large for him. After strutting around a little while, he burst out with: "Ma, I feel awful lonesome in this shirt!" EASY You Hisr.—Superientendent : "Do you think you could fill the position of timekeeper in our boiler factory? The noise is very trying for one not used to it." Applicant (contemptuously): "Hump! I used to be the janitor of a publio school." A GIRL forced by her parents into a disagreeable match with an old man, whom she detested, when the clergyman came to that part of the service where the bride is asked if she consents to take the bridegroom for her husband, said, with great simplicity :—" Oh, dear, no, sir ; but you are the first person who has asked my opinion about the matter." A Lac-hums was dilating upon the strength of the magnet, defying anyone to show or name any- thing surpassing its powers. A hearer demurred, and instanced a young lady, who used to attract Lim thirtecn miles every Sunday. HIS SISTER'S SUITOR: "Here, Ralph, is a six• pence; now tell me what your sister says about me." Ralph: "Gimme another one, and I won't tell you what she says about you." VERY UNPOPULAR.—" I wonder what makes Higby so unpopular?" "I give it up, but it is a fact. Why, that man is so disliked that he can't even get a bite when he goes fishing." HE: "It was rather strange that you should have clear weather throughout the voyage." She: "Not at all. I was told that the captain swept ° the sky with his telescope the firA thing every morning." JOBMASTER : "I'm afraid, sir, I must ask you to pay in advance for the hire of the horse." Amateur Rider : " What's that or? Are you afraid that I shall come back withoft the horse? " Jobmaster : Oh, no, sir ! But the horse might come back without you!" LADY (011 leaving a crowded tramcar) : " Well, I'm glad to get out of this crush. I've had to stand on one foot all the way." Voice from Corner : "Yes, and that one foot was mine." DORA : "Papa said we musn't encourage tramps, because one tells all the rest." Clara : "'I couldn't help it, he looked so starved." "What did you give him?" "Half a cream puff and some caramels.' COMING TO THE POINT.—" Papa, what is a conflagration?" "A great fire, my boy.' "And what name would you give to a small fire, then?" "A small fire? I cannot think just now of any special word. You might call it an incipient fire, or a fire of little moment." "Well, papa; I have just noticed that your coat was burning at the back, and I was wondering whether it was a conflagration or an incipient fire!" "THERE'S one fine thing about our wedding pre- sents, Tom, dear," she said. "There wasn t a duplicate in the lot." "That's true; worse luck," sighed Torn. "We haven't any excuse for disposing of any of 'em now, and times are awfully hard." MRS. TEA: "And how is your neighbour?" Mrs. Bee: She's well enough, I suppose. I havn't seen her to speak to for six weeks." Mrs. Tea "Why, I thought you were on the most friendly terms." Mrs. Bee: "Well, we used to be; but we've exchanged servants." CORONER: "You seem to be certain that the deceased accidently fell into the water. How do you know that this is not a case of suicide?" Witness: "He was a brither, Scot, and had a wee bottle o' whisky on him wi' ne'er a nip ta'en oot." SH : "Dear me, Walter, these are terrible things you tell me about Arthur. How do you happen to know so much of him?" He (a rival of Arthur's for her hand) : "Why, Daisy, I'm his best friend." Miss Tampt-sicarr (coyly) : "What a pity it Seems, Mr. Somerset, that a man like you should be a bachelor." Mr. Somerset: "Yes, Miss Thirty-eight, it does seem a pity, but I can't help it, you know. I was born so." ETHEL : "Is Clara so very much in love?" Maud : "I should say she is. I saw her writing a letter to him the other day, and she put 'Dear Jack 'on the enevelope." A Scorrisn clergyman heard a contention in a house, and asked, " Who is the head here?" The man said, "Sit down a little; we're just trying to settle that point." Tnx BOY'S VIEW OF IL—Fur a month he's worn breeches and shirts, While his head has been shorn of each curL Now he says of his photo in skirts, "That is me when I once was a girl." CHEAPER TO GO.—" Did you tell the new girl of our custom, my dear, of deducting the amount of her breakage from her wages at the end of the month?" "Yes, I did." "And what did she may ?" "She didn't say anything. She broke six glasses, five plates, and the soup-tureen, packed her box, and left." Coox (on the day after her at- ival) : "Please, mum, I'm a bit fiery at times, and when I'm fiery I'm apt to be a bit rough spoken • but you needn't let that put you about—with a little present you can atlas bring me round again." SURE TO COME NoW.—Husband : " All the women will soon be wearing divided skirts." Wife : "Horrors ! Why do yen think so ? " Husband: "The men have passed the law against • it." EXTRACT FROM A SPEECH FOR THE DEFENCE.— "Gentlemen of the jury. please to bear in mind that my client has spent inure than one-half of his life in prison. Amid such surroundings, what more likely than that he should turn out a scamp " lIVSBAND: "No, :Mary, you can never acco re me of meanness. I pid two guineas for that hat and five guineas for that (I'e". I always like to see my wife well dressed. Wife (kindly) : "And I like to see you look well, I err, 'lenry. Give me that hat of yours hn d I'll touch up the rusty spots with this shoe•black 1./3g. "

ALLCOCICS CORE EXTRACTOR. A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful improve ment. This Plaster is the well-known Alicock's Corn Plaster with a little disc added that in a few days extracts the Corn, and relief is felt as soon as applied ; for all pressure of the 'tie removed. D.,n't be put off with any other remedy, as none other will give the immediate eomfort. Paice Thd. and ls.lid., per box of all Chemists. Sold by 'YOUNG, Pharmaceutical Ch emist, W arrington.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS.

Fouß French sportsmen fired simultaneously at • rabbit, but it escaped; then they asked all together. "I wonder who missed that time UP-TO-DATE FASHlON.—Williams: "Why, that isn't the same coat you had on yesterday, is it?" Roberts: "No. My sister has gone out with that: in mistake—pipe, tobacco-pouch, and all; this is her's ! " A PARDONABLE ERRoß.—Stranger (about to look over a house of correction, to cabman) : "You can come and fetch me away later on, you know? Cabby: "Yes, sir: how long have they given you? DAWSON (to stranger at Mrs. De Noo's recep- tion) : "Who is this Mrs. De Noo?" Stranger: "She is Mr. De Noo's wife." Dawson t "And who on earth is De Noo ? " Stranger: "I." "ONE of you boys has been stealing raisins again; I have found the seeds on the floor. Which one of you was it?" Tommy: "It wasn't me; I swallowed the seeds in mine.

THE TROUBLESOME TWINS.—" Why do you call your twins ' Circumstances,' Jawkins ? ' "Be- cause, my dear boy, they are something over which I have no control. "THIS confounded thermometer isn't worth re- taining any longer' said Uncle Peter. "What is wrong with it?" " Wny, one day it says one thing, and the very next it is something altogether different." " LES EticAras TERRIBLES."—On the let January a gentleman knocks at a friend's door. The little daughter of the house answers the summons. "Is your father in, my dear?" inquires the visitor. Yes, sir, but he is engaged; he is having a row with mamma." OVERHEARD IN THE TRAM.—OId Lady: -It appears they are going to open a new cemetery." Jokiat : "Yes, ma'am. In fact, they have offered an annuity of six hundred francs to the first person buried there." Old Lady: "That will come to somebody who has more money than he knows what to do with; see if it doesn't 1" MAMMA: "If you eat any more of that pudding, Tommy, you'll see the bogie man to-night." Tommy (after a moment's thought: "Well, give us some more. I might as well settle my mind about the truth of that story once for all." FOND MOTHER: "Here's something about a baby whose head measures 25 inches in circumference. Is there any danger of our darling being so deformed?" Sceptical Father: "No, dear; not sinless he could understand and believe all the things you say to him." THE following is the copy of a letter sent to a gentleman by an insurance agent:—" Dear Sir,— I hope to give you a call to-morrow or Wednesday on my way to—, and shall be delighted to take your life." "I no not like big women," said the heedless gentleman sitting next to an unusually tall lady at dinner, and then seeing his blunder he added, "At least when they are young." "I Dm a thousand pardons for coming so late." "My dear, sir, no pardons are needed, you can never come too ate.' MADAM, I am soliciting for home charities, we have hundreds of poor ragged, vicious children like those at your gate, and--" Sir, those children are mine," and the slamming of the door

could be heard in the next street. SHE: "You must remember that ours was a summer engagement." He: "That means if you see any one you like better you'll break it t" "Yes." "And if I see any one I like better " " I'll sue you for breach of promise." "WHY, Jimmie, my darling boy, you've got the medal for good behaviour this week!" said the fond mother, noting the little slyer medal on her son's vest. " Yessum," said Jimmie. "Tommy Roberts won it, but I told him I'd knock the head off him if he didn't give it to me." IT is said there is a tribe in Africa where speakers in public debate are required to stand on one leg, and are not allowed to speak longer than they can stand in that position. With all our boasted civilisation, we discover every now and then points in which savages surpass us. "You are always complaining,' said the King of the Cannibal Islands to his wife, " though I don't see but what after all, you have as much as if you were civilised." "What makes you think that ? " asked his wife. "Well, I have just been reading a lot of stories about English women, and there wasn't one of them who had a thing to wear." ABOVE PROOF.—A Congo explorer was busy cleaning his weapons with vi-riol. A negro chief sat by watching the process with eager curiosity, and, while unobserved, stretched forth his hand, snatched up the bottle containing the corrosive liquid, and swallowed its contents at a single gulp. Our explorer jumped up, expecting to see the fellow die in frightful agonies. But his sable majesty merely rubbed his stomach with evident satisfaction and said i—" What! you keep such nice things in your bag without offering them to your friend !" A DIPLOMATIST.—Hungarian : "Have you heard, Herr Springier, what an accident has befallen our friend Hupflmon? He danced eight waltzes in succession, when he was struck down with a fit of apoplexy!" Springier (whose wife is always pressing him to dance) : " Really ! Well, now, just go and tell my wife all about it, but say it happened at the third waltz." Hungarian (to Mrs. Springier): "Do you know, ma'am, what a dreadful thing has happened to Mr. Hupflmon ?" Mrs. Springier: "No I What was it?" Hun- garian : "The poor fellow danced eight waltzes one after the other, and had a stroke of apoplexy after the third !" SMALL TALK.—Young Gent (at party, to his neighbour) : "What a charming apparition, that lady yonder with the golden hair I' "Yes, that hair cost a good three thousand francs." "And those teeth—a veritable casket of pearls." " Patent enamel 7 • guaranteed to last three years." "In short, she is an angel." "Not bad looking, you mean to say ? " "Come, air, I won't allow you to speak so slightingly of a person whom you don't know." "1 know her a great deal better than you do—she's my wife!,' THE DEFRAUDED EXCISEMAN. —A countryman, wishing to convey a pig to town without paying the toll, put it into a cart and covered it with cabbages. On reaching the gate he said to the collector :—" Look here, to-morrow I intend bringing a pig to town; I shall put it in my cart and cover it up with cabbages. If you will just close one eye you shall have a handsome tip." "All right, said the collector. Next day the countryman drove up with his cart loaded with cabbages. The collector stepped up to him and whispered in his ear : -" So you've got the pig with you to-day ? " "No, I brought it yesterday," was the man's reply. Mfts. Lx GRAND TOWER : "What would you do, Tom, if I should fall overheard ? " Mr. Le Grand Tower: "I should first note the time, then inform the captain, and he would order the vessel to be stopped. They would then lower a boat, and We would row back to where you sank, which we could easily do, knowing the time that had passed and the speed and direction of our course. If you were still floating it would be all right; if not, we would watch for bubbles, and—" Mrs. Tower: "Oh, you horrid thing! I'm not going to do it." (But she told her mother afterwards that Tom was 'a man of splendid judgment, and would, make his fortune without a doubt). A LAW REPEALED. —Wheelman : "Bicycles aro not allowed on the sidewalks here, are they?" Villager: "No law agin it. Ride on the side- walk all you want to." " I heard some time ago that you had a law against it." "Yes, we had; but after half a dozen folks jumped into the street to escape baby carriages, only to get knocked down by bicycles, we concluded to repeal the law and let the bicycles and baby carriages fight it out." As a magnificent vessel, the property of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, was steaming into Southampton Harbour, a grimy coal lighter floated immediately in front of it. An officer on board the vessel observing this shouted: "Clear out of the way with that barge." The lighterman,, a native of the Emerald Isle, shoat in reply: "Are ye the captain of that vessel 1" "No," answered the officer. "Then spake to yer aiquals," said Pat ; " I'm the captain of this." MR.S. TALKIT (with dignity): "I can tell a lady when I see one !" Mr. Talkit "You have told everyone you know, haven't von?"

To Mon:mfrs.—Mrs. Wlr,slow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their child, n while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant b. taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the ehild from pain, and the little cherob awakes "as bright as a button." Of all ehemists, Is. 1 At, per bottle.—Adut. At the Macelesfieid Brewster Sessions on Monday it transpired that out of a total of 212 licences in the borough 140 apply to tied houses.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, PAUGUST 31. 1895. LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE, Although it is too near the end of the summer to invest in expensive gowns of thin texture, yet many people at this time of the year find it neces- sary either to purchase a new dress which will serve for early autumn wear, or to re-trim and generally furbish up a spring frock for the same purpose. For the former nothing is better than a light-weight serge in a rather bright shade of navy blue, which can be made up in a variety of ways. A dress which may be taken as a good example of what is considered fashionable has the usual plain bell-skirt, and a bodice with a round collar at the back and revers to the waist in front of cream flannel, striped with rather close-set horizontal rows of narrow blue braid. The full vest is of cream and blue figured surah, and the belt and plain collar - band are of blue velvet, but the long tight cuffs are of braided flannel. This dress, worn with a coarse cream straw sailor hat of the new bell-crowned shape, trimmed with big rosettes of cream ribbon and wings of the same colour would make a smart costume for a fashionable seaside resort, while if, on the other hand, a more useful type of gown is wanted, the white flannel might be replaced by tan cloth. The vest could be of white washing silk tacked in so as to be easily removable' and a navy straw hat might finish +lie costume. Another and

rather more novel way making up a serge gown is to arrange the front of the bodice in a very wide box pleat, tapering just a little to the waist, a row of rather large flat oxydised silver buttons being placed down the edges of this pleat. The skirt has simulated fastenings on the hips, with three but- tons sewn down a shallow flap of the material, and the bodice is finished by a broad belt of navy rib- bon fastening with a silver clasp. A very pretty dreqs I saw at a well-known watering-place last week had a bodice cut in the Eton style, but the fronts, instead of being left loose, were caught together at the waist, or a shade below, with a silver clasp, above which the jacket was turned back with wide revers forming a round collar at the back of black silk covered with cream lace. The vest, slightly full, was of white silk, and the gauntlet cuffs matched the revers. One of the fashionable Panama hats, trimmed with rosettes of white chiffon and white plumes, MA worn with this gown.

There are two distinct classes in millinery for the present sea;on. First we have the sailor and boat hat shapes, which are simply trimmed with a ribbon band, and flat bow on one side; these hats are made of Panama, coarse, fine, and fancy straws, in black, navy, white, and burnt tints. Dressy hats for the afternoon are chiefly trimmed with chiffons, flowers and feathers being introduced together with loops of coloured silk ribbons. A pretty hat, for example, with a low crown and fiat brim, in a burnt shade of straw, has the crown oovered with pale yellow chiffon, gathered so that it sets full and rather high; an upstanding spray of crimson roses is placed on one side of it, and three small rosettes of the chiffon on the other, with a few more crimson roses. Another hat in a wide sailor shape of coarse white straw has a flounce of pleated white chiffon laid upon the brim from the base of the crown; the front is trimmed with a full wide bow of black and white striped glac4 silk. A large spray of pink roses is placed at the back of the crown, arranged so that some of the flowers set upwards, and some fall under the brim on to the hair. Small toque-shaped hats are considered smart enough to take the place of bonnets, and are more worn than the latter in the country. They are trimmed with full ribbon bows placed at the back of the crown, and symmetrical posies of flowers or rosettes of chiffon on either side of the front. A fashionable hat of the second

class I mentioned has a brim of pleated black lace, and the crown of coarse pink straw. There are loops of pink and yellow shot glacd ribbon caught with paste buckles in the front, and sprays of pink and yellow roses.

Your loving JEN Nu.

Five lives were lost off Skegness, on the Lincc,lnshire coast, On Sunday evening, by the capsizlng of a pleasure boat on a cruise from Flunstanton, on the Norfolk side of The Wash, with sixteen pas.sengers and crew. The accident was due to the yawl tieing caught in a sudden squall. Eleven of the occupants were, by the coolness and courage of the skipper, got into a small boat which was towed by the yawl, and they were afterwards picked up by a trawler and landed at Boston.

Kaiser William sits for his photograph abont once a week.

One have the week Sir Isaac Holden is a vegetarian. The other half be is carnivorous.

The Queen once wrote some verses which were for- warded to a publisher under a nom de plume, and were promptly returned " with thanks." A new occupation for a woman is that of superintend- ent of weddings. A professional lady of this sort who ' makes a success of the calling is installed in or near the house of the bride prospective some little time be fore the ceremony. She selects the trousseau, advises what is latest and finest in underwear, buys the material, and designs and makes or superintends the making of the gowns. She is au fait in stockings, boots, gloves, laces, and handkerchiefs. She sees to the millinery and jackets and wraps. She dresses the bride's mother and the younger sisters, if avy. She dictates to the bridesmaids and is the fairy godmother who thinks of everything and lets the engaged couple enjoy themselves with unanxious mind. The family, who have found her valuable,recom- mend her to another, and she soon obtains quite a clientele.

An elderly spinster at Vienna wrote to the Town Coun- cil that be had placed at their disposal £5,000 for the benefit of one of the hospitals. Her offer, needless to say, was accepted with gratitude,and all the newspapers brought out aiticles praising Mlle. 11--- for her libera- lity. The money was duly deposited at the bank ; but when the donees went to clam it they found it had been withdrawn the previous day. They wrote at once te Mlle. R—for an explanation ; but, as all the letters remained unanswered ,one of the Town Councillors waited on the aged lady. With many blushes, and covered with confusion, she informed the visitor that her generosity had brought her luck,as on the very morning she parted with the money she had an offer of marriage. Naturally, she had at once run to the bank,and withdrawn toe five thousand pounds.

Sleeping on the Same Side. It is not wise to put a child to sleep always on the same side, even though the habit may seem to decrease restlessness. Constantly lying on one side will make a difference in the size of the limbs upon that side, and will even cause that side of the face to remain smaller than the other. Children will also draw up one leg in their sleep. This, too, becomes a fixed habit, and by the time the child has learned to walk,a difference in the length of the two lower limbs will he noticed, a misfor- tune which might have been avoided had the mother been careful to watch the habits of the sleeping baby.

Apple Diet for the Skin. A ripe, raw apple is one of the easiest foods for the stomach to deal with, the whole process of digestion only consuming eighty-five minutes. The rustic acid of ripe apples' cooked or raw, helps to digest meat arid stimulate the liver and neutralise those noxious matters which, unless elminated, produce skin eruptions. Apples are not as satisfying as potatoes, because of their deli- cate elements, but eaten with meat, in place of tubers, they are a golden food. The salts and wine sweeten the stomach, the phosphorus is thought to be a nerve buitder, and women of all ages, since Eve's days, like to believe that the " food of the gods imparted its deli- cate white to the flesh. Why not ? Beef-eaters and wine-drinkers are red.

How to Make the Best of Life. The man or woman, says Sir Benjamin Ward Richard- son, who trains himself in the best bodily health makes the best of life. Bodily welfare is important, not for itself only, but because the health of the mind so largely depends en the health of the body. A good engine out- live many of Its masters because they attend to it more carefully than they attend to their own bodies. The usual relations of the age of maturity to length of life, indicating a ratio of one to five, suggest that a man tak- ing twenty-one years to mature should live one hundred and five years. The fact that such life is exceptionally attained shows its possibility ; and it is owing to errors that it is not more widely attained in the human species.

4,34.:1 . ..:..\.i 5,- 1)4, ..7-4-..„... , .1-1,7 -....z.- ..,.. ~..- --..„....„,......„.., •FA.: • , qrs ~.,,,,,5_...... ' - 4 ::.;',..,14•:::::•,' °P.:---- ' iiiw 2' - _ti- 'lf- .7*, • 4,/ -' • --, -•-•—,- ~ f • -7, ! : It I ' \'' / tiljC\ 1/4 \ Al i 1/10,1 ....... 1 'of . '•

X 0' v 4 ii- ilitlk 40- , C -. •,) , i .' / .!W , t • • )i. 4, I ' ~,,,,- 16... -%, , ~' • ' - ~.,„ 'yytift,',77- , ii I'''/ • 4,,/,/, 1 :, I,l‘ ,yip A \ if /4;4017011' '

, 97 i - ` - - • ',"0;• "Vq?•.;1.- -- - :=77'O7',PA.• ytt 04 ..'s I,—----- -4'. 4 efi't r ' ~,,,,,,eIC-.1.9, -gpoir--___.4 - - -,- ..... , _ , . -......,

===== 0002601_18950831_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Coffeeism,

Some weeks before his death, the late Professor Char- cot was says " Science Siftings," in attendance upon a family composed of the father, mother and six children, who had become the victims of an uncontrollable mental irritability upon the least provocation. Hardly a meal passed at the family board without an explosion. Upon the least pretext the father became furious, the mother scolded, and toe children would give way to hysterical crying. The family were all hypochondriacal. The , strangest part of the history consisted in the fact that domestics employed and residing in the family would soon become troubled in the same way and join in the pandemonium. In the middle ages, this house would have been considered haunted, and somebody would have been burned or hung and quartered as having enchanted the premises This was the nineteenth century, however, and as demons, goblins, fairies and vampires are no longer in fact, Charcot looked into the hygiene of the locality for a solution of the difficulties. On investigation he found that the father was a manufacturer and dealer in coffee; the roasting, grinding and packing, as well as the menu- fActuri ng of the essence and of the extract of coffee, being carried on in the lower floors of the premiseQ. In the apartments above the odour of coffee pervaded every nook; the furniture and clothing smelt strongly of coffee. The inmates were suffering from chronic coffee- ism. A few weeks' residence in the purer air of thti sea- shore and change of habitation soon brought about a change for the better.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART BUSINESS MAN.

Mr. TI. Cuthbert, of 10, Coply-street, Everton, Liver- pool, described by a reporter as "a smart business man," has been interviewed in regard to a fortunate occurrence in his family. In April,lB94, Mrs. Cuthbert suffered severe illness, b. coming partially incapacitated for work. She was treated by doctors, but grew worse, and in November h.-1:i to give up work entirely. She sought the aid of another medical man. Up to nine weeks ago he regu- lativ attended her, but she nevertheless grew worse. Daring all these months khe grew thus almost to a shldow, and constantly, night and day, suffered from two distinct pains—one situated in the head, the other I a the gide. She was excessively nervous, and suffered all the time from such severe lassitude that to use from a chair was a task she began to shrina from. She lost all hope of living. A friend. recommended her to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. She did so simply as an experiment, believing that nothing could cure her. But before she had taken the first package of pills she was recovering. " I felt," she said, " that I was re- covering—as though there was something at work in my constitution building me up. I can't say anything else except that I am in ray fifth box, and I have been back to work for three weeks, and, as you see, I am perfectly strong again. I cannot believe but that I should have succumbed within a few weeks had not this marvellous cure been placed in ray hands." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure rheumatism, neuralgia, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, and prostration ; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, kc., restore pale and sallow corn- piexions to the glow of health, are a specific for all the traubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men cure all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excesses. They are sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct,London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 9d.,in wooden boxes with pink wrappers genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' rink Pills for Psle People.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN AS MACHINES.

Writing in the" North American Review" Mr. Mul- hall, the atatiatician,gives some curious facts reflecting the working power of various races.. Since 1840 the working power of the individual in the United States has been almost doubled through useful inventions. The working power, measured in foot-tons, is in the States 1,940 tons daily, while the working power of an indivi- dual in Great Britain is 1,470 tons. The working power of a single person in America is twice that of a German nr a Frenchman. more than three times that of an Aus- trian, and five times that of an Italian. In 1890 the United States produced 350 bushels of grain and 1,2301 b. ef meat per hand employed, while each hsnd employed in similar tasks in the United Kingdom produced only 119 bushels of grain and 1,0901 b. of meat. In France this production amounted to only 98 bushels of grain and 3501 b. of meat ; while in Germany. Austria, and Italy it was still less. As Mr. Mulhall puts it :—An or- dinary farm hand in the United States raised as much grain as three in England, four in France, five in Ger- many, or six in Austria,which shows what an enormous waste of labour occurs in Europe because farmers are not possessed of the same mechanical appliances as in the United States.

TRIED AND PROVED 1 Sufferers from Gravel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Pack, Drmsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseas.s of Kidneys, Bladder Stone, Se*atica, Rheumatism and Gout will ilnd a pmitiye Cure in ffolroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. led., of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'S Medical Hall, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iefk

.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GLENALPINE'S OATH;

OR, THE MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS. -- By SYLVANUS COBB, 411. •

CHAPTER E.

GLEAMS OF TRUE FRIENDSHIP. Overlooking the beautiful Esplanade of Chow- ringhee was the dwelling which Sir Jasper Wallace occupied when in Calcutta. Upon his arrival he found the various apartments ready for his recep- tion, and, as the weather was fine, his niece was delighted with the situation. Arthur Rainsford, by the old soldier's express command, was installed as a member of the family. "I will have it so," he said, when Arthur would have demurred. "I demand it as a favour to my- self. You have no other home in India, and until you join your regiment you shall make your home with me. If you would rebel, you can do so; but I fancy that the result would fall more heavily upon you than upon myself." Not a word was said concerning Mary, and yet our hero was sure that Sir Jasper had her in his mind while was speaking. One thing gave the youth encouragement: He discovered that the son of Colonel Tom Rainford came to Calcutta with a sure passport to favour, and he felt sure that if he did not win and retain that favour it must be his own fault. It was his father who had, in Burbank's time, held a pass of the Mahratta, single-handed, against a score of murderous Bengalese for more than an hour. It was Tom Rainsford, too, who had brought Sir Phillip Harlowe off the field at Nagore, cutting down three savage warriors who would have blocked up his way, even while he upheld the drooping form of his commander. Arthur was proud to claim his sonship of such a father, and he resolved that he would uphold the honour of the name so far as he could. Surely our hero had plenty of incentive to high and honourable action, and he did what every truly earnest and devout man does who courts success in honourable enterpi ise—he looked to Heaven, and prayed for strength and guidance. "Well, my boy," said Sir Jasper, tapping Arthur upon the shoulder, on the third evening after their snivel in Calcutta, "I have good news for you. Our people are only too glad to accommodate us. They not anly recognise you under the commission I gave you from Bristol, but they give you the commission from the day of the battle. And mark you, my dear boy, they don't do this particularly as a favour to me. They have seen Captain Harlow, and he has assured them that they owe their ship to you. It's all right; so give me the hand of CAPTAIN ARTHUR RAINSFORD." "But," said our hero, as soon as he had suffi- ciently recovered from his delicious surprise, "these commissions must be bought." "The lieutenant's commission has already been sold again." "But the last commission. 1 cannot—" " Tut i tut ! You mean that you feel delicate about accepting the gift from me ?" "Not exactly that, Sir Jasper. lam willing to receive anything in reason; but that you should pay out money for me—that you should—" Hold on 1" interrupted the general, with a gratified smile. "I am happy to be able to set your mind entirely at rest in that direction. I had intended to purchase the commission for you, but the agent of the Company, acting from informa- tion received from Harlow, has anticipated me. Know, my boy, that you receive your commission from the hands of the Company itself, not as a gift, but in recognition of valuable services ren- dered. Are you satisfied ?" Arthur was more than satisfied—he was happily pleased; and he expressed his gratitude in a modest and becoming manner. "And now to business," pusued Wallace. "Your regiment is at Agra and you need not join it for two months; but you are not exactly on leave. lam on duty and you have been detailed to serve on my staff. lam going to Patna on business and you will accompany me; that is, if you would like. But if you prefer to join your regiment at once you can do so." Arthur had no thought of shirking duty, but he much preferred accompanying Sir Jasper as aide- de-camp to the other service. When he joined his regiment he must be far away from Mary, but while he served upon Sir Jasper's staff the rapturous bond was not severed. And he sig- nified to his friend that he would go with him to Patna. " You need have no fear," said the baronet, " that our duties are to be entirely pastime. You may have heard that there is trouble among the Nabobs. The great Sahibs are by the ears. The President of Madras is in a fit of the doldrums, and he of Bombay sustains him, and together they are inclined to give the governor-general trouble." "I have heard something of it, Sir Jasper. Will we have to go to Madras?" "Not at present. The governor-general informs me that a commission is coming from the Home Office. We shall await that arrival." As the mission to Patna was simply one of busi- ness, and as the state of the country through the jungles of the flanges was rather unsettled, It Was deemed best that Mary should remain in Calcutta. She was left in charge of Colonel Tabor, an officer attached to the Bengal Governmbut and a warm personal friend of Sir Jasper's. It was beneath the Colonel's roof that Sir Jasper had made his home, he having advanced money towards its purchase and still holding an interest in the estate. Arthur, in modest and serviceable uniform be- fitting his rank and armed and equipped for his journey, held Mary's hand, ready to take his leave. "The future give promise, darling, and I am hopeful," be said, buoyantly. "Life is before us, Arthur," the maiden returned, looking up with a solemn smile "and God grant that no evil genius be permitted to obstruct our bright pathway." "We will have no fears, Mary. With our hearts pure and our resolves good we will trust in God." He kissed her upon the lips, and with a fer- vent God's blessing he went away upon hie mis- sion.

Within a week after the departure of Sir Jasper for Patna another arrival from England was sig- nalled from Diamond Point, and in due time the new-comer had reached the city, and among them were Lord Brichmear and his family. His lord- ship at once waited upon the governor-general and was informed that his services would not be required away from Calcutta until General Sir Jasper Wal- lace should return from Patna. "Bless the dear old fellow I So he is out here still 2" cried Birchmear. He was informed that Sir Jasper had but just

come out. " How ? Just come out ?" "Yes. He came in the Golden Fleece from Bristol." " Ah ! what a season of joy I have lost !" said Sir John, regretfully. "Had I known that Wal- lace was to have sailed in that ship, I would have given a year's service for the blessing of his com- pany. He and I commenced our ladla life together under Clive." "You have nothing to regret, my lord," said the governor, "your lucky star was in the ascen- dant." " How so?" "Not all who started from Old England on board the Gulden Fleece lived to reach India. She met with a terrible shock on the way." And thereupon the governor-general told the Story of the battle with the pirate, as he bad heard it from Sir Jasper's own lips. l;less me t" ejaculated Birchmear. "The old soldier had a narrow chance of it. Was he woo riled ?" "No,—and yet he was nearer to his death than ever , efore. Aye, he who has stood face to face with the grim spectre so many times, declares that never before did he feel the cold grip upon him." "I bless the chance that saved him, be it what It may," pronounced Lord Birchmear, fervently. "Was it a—" "It was a hero," said the governor, as Sir John hesitated for a word. "And, my dear old friend, as you are likely to meet this prodigy, if you ever meet again with Sir Jasper, I will tell you about it. Our hero was a young man who had taken passage on board the ship. The pirates attacked full two to one, and when they had boarded the Indiaman this same youth by a sort of electric power which sat upon him of its own accord, be- came the leader of the resisting force. He did not assume command, but his deeds gave him the position. According to Captain Harlow's account, and also the account of others, he performed pro- digies of valour; and it may be no stretch to say that his single arm decided the victory. He had struck down the pirate chieftain after a hand-lic.han& conflict. and was being sorely

pressed by those who won. s when he saw Sir Jasper on the oppojlie side the deck, in the hands of t‘,"° stout pirates,one of whom drew him backward overa gun, while the other made ready to plunge a ,Torn into his. bosom. Like a thunderbolt our heroin. oke through the mur- the cordon, and was in time to smite hot. derous villains to the death ere they „,k1 do the old soldier harm." "By Jove!" exclaimed Birchmear, who had listened with deepest interest, "how it warms on. a blood to hear of such deeds. I must certain])' see this young fellow. What is he doing here in India?" "He is now with Sir Jasper as an aide. We have given him a captain's commission." "And I trust he is a likely fellow, and of good family." "As to the first proposition, my lord, I can safely assure you that a. likelier fellow does not exist. He a gentleman of the very first water, as modest as he is brave, and as true and manly as he is hand- some—which is saying much. Touching his family he come, of a stock which we in India have learned to set among the very highest in true value. Don't you remember Tom Rainsford, the Lion of the Mar hratta, as we used to call him r "Colonel Itainaford 1" said Birchmear, with a start. "Aye—Colonel Tom. He headed the charge of Wallace's Division at Hajepoor, and fell after he had won the victory." "I remember him," answered the old nobleman, trembling perceptibly. "But what of him "This young hero of whom we speak is his son." "The son of Tom Itainsford I Is it Arthur ?" "Yes. But—bless me I—l had entirely forgotten. You married Tom's widow, Sir John !" Birchmear put forth his hand, and sank into a chair. "My lord! My dear Sir John 1" "Hush !" whispered the baron, arising again to his feet. "Allis well with me. It was but a passing pang. I know the youth. You say he is now with Sir Jasper ?" " Yes ; and the old general loves him as though he were of his own flesh and blood." "Then I shall see him. And now, my lord, you may crack a bottle of wine." They adjourned to a small parlour in the rear of the office, where they talked of lighter matters over a bottle of old Burgundy. At a later hour Lord Birchmear was alone in his own apartment. He had not stopped to see his wife' and he had refused to drive down the river with Harold agreeably to an arrangement which had been made in the morning. His stepson had asked him why he could not go, and he had pleaded business. He was pacing up and down the room, slowly and thoughtfully, when Peter Brunn came in. Peter had been the old porter and lodge. keeper at Birchmear' tied to his post for many years, and his master had taken him along to India, partly out of compassion, and partly In considera- tion of the belief that Peter was honest and reliable. But Lady Birchmear and Harold had opposed the move; they had declared that Peter Brun was too old and stupid for service in India, and they doubted if he would survive the voyage; but Sir John had been determined. Not only had Peter been anxious to see something of the world before he died, but the baron had felt that in the person of his old lodge-keeper he would be sure to possess a faithful and devoted friend. It may be that he had, not much confidence in the reliability of the servants whom his lady proposed to take. "My lord," said Peter, standing just over the threshold, "I came to see if I could be spared after dinner. A friend wishes me to go with him and see the sights of the Black Town," "You can go Peter." The old • servitor had stepped back over the threshold when his master called for him to return. "Come in, Peter, and shut the door." The man stepped back into the room and closed the door behind him. Lord Birchmear had never yet opened his lips upon family affairs in the presence of his servants; much less had he ever taken a menial into his confidence upon such matters; but he was growing old, and the cordon of strict social proprieties which had hedged him about was giving way before the needs of the hour. Ile had come to feel that Lady Birchmear was not entirely devoted to his interest—or, a least, that she was not in a mood to surrender self in the way of such devotion. Touching Harold he had grave doubts. But touching the entire and unselfish devotion of Peter un he had no doubts whatever. And yet he had not thought of trusting Peter very far. He only meant to sound him—to gain intelligence from him without exposing his own mind. He did not deem that the old lodge-keeper had wit enough to read the thoughts of a master, especially when those thoughts should be carefully kept under the surface. "Peter," said his lordship, in a kindly, confiden- tial manner—a manner in which he was not wont to address his servants—"'you remember Arthur Rainsford ?" "Rainsford, my lord!" " So we must call him now." "If you mean the young master, my lord, I do certainly remember him." "And you have known of all his in-goings and out-comings at Birchmear "No one knew more of him at Birchmear, my lord, than I did," replied Peter, with much sur- prise; for never before had his lordship deigned to speak with him upon a matter so nearly con- nected with the private affairs of the family. "And," pursued Sir John, "I have no doubt that you learned to regard him as a graceless rascal 7" Peter Brun was nonplussed. He would not out- rage his own sense of justice even to please his master, and he was not quite sure that it would be Safe to speak his mind freely. "You do not answer me, Peter." "Indeed, my lord, I don't know what answer can make. You can judge best for yourself how Mr. Arthur stood at Birchmear. Your heard all the reports." "Aye, Peter, I heard all the reports; but I did not witness all the facts. You had better oppor- tunities of seeing his thousand-and-one shortcom- ings." This implication, so broad and so unfounded, and coming, as Peter knew it must, from information whispered by the boy's enemies, ivoused his indig- nation and his tongue was loosened. "My lord," he said, with a flush upon his time- worn face and a keen snap of the clear grey eyes, "I didn't see those shortcomings. If you turn me out from your doors for it I will speak the tiuth. Mr. Arthur was a wild and venturesome boy, and I know he had little fear of consequences when his wayward spirit led him towards difficulties; but there's a difference between the pranks and the frolics that come of a gay and happy heart, full of life and adventure, and those that come of an evil disposition. I don't befieve the boy ever did an evil thing in his life, really thinking and knowing that evil was to conic. Pardon me, my lord, but I think you misjudged the lad." "Misjudged him, Peter? Have you forgotten his course at the manor ?" "No, air, I haven't forgotten it; but perhaps I don't judge him in the Salllo light that you do." "You You would overlook his faults, Peter 7" "Just the same, sir, as I would overlook the frolicking disposition of a young colt which I saw had in him the material and the mettle for a magnificent racer or a grand and reliable war- horse." "I declare, Peter, you are inclined to look leniently upon the young man's faults." The old servitor saw no sign of offence in his master's look, so lie frankly answered : "I would never repine over what can be mended, my lord. I can forgive one whom I love, and who never did me harm. "Peter, I do not think the other servants would agree with you." "If you mean those who were at Birchmear in the old times, my lord, I can speak for every one. Mr. Arthur was their joy, sir. The house was always brighter and warmer when he was in it; and even out in the kennels and in the stables there was new life. The dogs and the horses loved him. But if you speak of those that have come in later times, I can't answer for them, sir. I never have gained their confidence." "That will do, Peter. You can go." "You are not offended, my lord ?' No, no. If there in harm in your speaking the honest truth, the fault must be with me who set you to the task. No Peter, lam not offended." The servitor withdrew, and Sir John was left once more alone. "I think," he said, to himself, as he stood with his hands folded before him, "that my old love for the boy was not misplaced. I wish he had not taken that money! I could have forgiven every- thing else, Two thousand pounds was not much for me to lose; but it was too much for him to— rritu.l If he had been of a stamp truly noble, he would have starved before he would have sobbed his old step-father, 01 I wish he had not dane THAT 1 11.1•41 k 1.140 obgr._with Me herd bowel s

avenge their 10er, ,pce, - • •

,Aale

anon a aweit, from the haler memories of the past. It II the hoe of his dead wife; and the words chic be repeated seemed to have been whispered to him from the angel lips: "Arthur has not spoken. There may be anothe.r_ side to the story—another side brighter than thli aoltioh now we see. God grant it 1" (To be continued). _

.. MESSRS. CASSELL AND CO.-1D _ll===isE M • ~ for September the Edit,r makes a special appeal on Della" of the children of the slums in London, and other lafgl e;ties. He hopes, with the assistance of his readers an_ the co-operation of those interested in the subject, .t.. epea up playgrounds for children and places of rest for weary tOilere in the over-crowded portions of the met , rietors 0: 4. the QUIVer .‘ polls and large provincial towns. The PTV "The Quiver" will bead the list of subscriptions svltl3_ donation of £lOO, in addition to bearing a ,II the e%Pens" uso connected with the organisation of the fund .—A tax volume of "Chums "was commenced with the 0 published on the 28th inst., and which contained:o.f commencement of two new serial stories—" I° QuAesaad Sheba's Treasure: a Perilous Adventure by Da°''' r, Sea," by S. Walkey, and "From Fag to Monitorllar°o Fighting to the Front," by Andrew Home. ra A.ct: ure " Nelson's First Farewell," was issued ith mous __. tinted reproduction of Mr. Joy's fa the number. _ _----- w 11"'

===== 0002601_18950831_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPLOSIVE IN A. LETTEg•

PLOT AGAINST BARON A. DE ROTHSCHIq; er A violent explosion occurred on Sat e urday at t"fitte, tablishment of Messrs. De Rothschild, 22. Ell l'a bad Paris. The explosive was contained in a letter been sent by post addressed to Baron Alphonse D % e Pt there °t child, 2, Rue St. Florentin. Itwa s received Friday night by the valet, who in the Baron's abeel, eesit6it Trouville, took it on Saturday to Rue Lafitts. eti" kurr there for M. Jodkowitz, Baron De Rothsc e; hild's ets14001; tial clerk. The latter came to the office at thre :?; tri in the afternoon, and began to upen t the let'e;terk• hee presence of M. Dolandor and anoth r H e the had scarcely inserted the point of a penkell'fosion. envelope of the letter in question when ae el,s4Piodko" , giving a report like that of a pistol,occurred. I,leeoisg vrttz was thrown to the ground, where he lei copiously. The The other persons present rushed t 0" .1 that Butane°, and a doctor who was called in statet°° :,, oat, was seriously injured ; his right eye was partlY %,-tosso and the tips of the fingers ofhisright hand were ' Off. that ",h letter Further particulars of the outrage show %,e atterr containing the explosive attracted M. Jodkowitz.n"embet tion at the outset OD account of its bulk and the„-„t it 05 of black seals with which it was covered. Ile cl dace' one side thinking it contained some lengthy leirr pale ;Tents. Before deciding to open it he sPeke ~ife be me to a colleague. When he inserted the Peel-- WE found that the edge caught upon some ellbstcare'- alcoelly4e°°. was subsequently ascertained to be string decl ° owl° te of cealed within the envelope. This Cord deetrocnuartyin, ebgeeaupt 5o grammes , whicghinraturefne exploded t m he ful!ni:tied t° have been placed in the package. hnicehsiadreesetsbtelYturredie° already mentioned, Mr. Jodkowitz had his lace Ine'tireli in several places. His left eye would ha r ve to be %Dore emoved, and he will also require to have three re Of of his right hand amputated. ..OM. Laurent, Secretary-General of the Prefteccteud-01-° Police, is of opinion that the material en1P.0,.. tienee. similar to that sent to Deputies MM Treille, li rke and Constans in 1891 inbo xes made to aPPeat books.

THE EE--o—RING OF ENGIN IRON:W(3I° 5' which chiefohm a. icreAdh e oe(sntwelveatvresst e WARNING TO ENGLIS a I R 0 I 5 ' . isttoortSri. A staterhent ha:, been made during tehe Prarsetrtf,elirefiereg seriously upon the en Engineer,")ieerin 0 i f:fthiet" .on"ad steiel iri•svag Of yeirrasosnrceecretanitnl of this country. It is that ag deputationle 09°iNigall alofemthbe report the facts the f the British Iron and Steer Ind_ust!.Y..%tnct.'sed,r6 trade. on the U.orlon-..espectl7.l competitive . • position occupied by ourselves Goan irEuropean competitors, have re orted that the ner ID which have got clear ahead POl us in the ye ascertained r goalrntiend eiorlri in Belgium h they are engineered,and to some Ortent the_iii, it . also. English iron and steel masters.' tole is asserted, have in the near future ti face c°liclecrY if they outlay in the laying down Of new Inacr;tniafor: inh y. are to overt:, ke the German competition. li lleines 01 ation is calculated to awaken 'derable searc" lion consi g hen the deputao. heart. If the position be of the British Iron Trade Aarassaolle:tateido'nt headed hY 24,,fie. etit °lle 111;Stber tJnenans, has not journeyed to the Continent . soon. The visit has arisen out of last year's D whect g nl, •If mg' of the Iron and Steel Institute i a 13e1- i'dvisahlil , facts were 0„ . ascertained which suggested the a taittea composed immediately despatchinc, an investigating 0.1% Cosi; . onmeposed of equal masters ad Men to tile leadinrm a°' 2ri i?tal works. It has been said that the Gerrfler ote I:::::nigdit toh: „,“_ Belgian successes depended maiYly upon their low_aiisvai °were +inferior freights. But loner working hours, and But if it is now established that th that 10 engineeringB. ,ithert of English works accounts for intiehropicaion is throe' been mysterious, an altogether new c.:iii be Tit: , thrown upon the question HaPPllv,ViigilAs- - to lay any blame a. t the doOTS e: asserw: engineering firms for the discrepancy which 15 g atlY ing 3 . op the - in exist m •- achinery as capable and laboursac g for ir , in. rip,' shoP aster' world is built is British en . and steel - works equipment. If the iron and etr ,r affair, themselves have I. —en slow to order it,that is the!, eveets Mechanical engineers await the developMent el without fear.

-...----- 540 • SHOW THIS TO Stitd& WONIAII' were s,oe .. i will send a valuable. Instructive, and hlghlYa to ;00 book which eve-y woman would to" Oa a lei", tbe eA alepdi), R forEsso:ne tita Prole Contains important and confidential ad,ice an, „voi ao _Ai ano - ecin- married and single how to keep healthy ~, anxieties so distressing to the sex. S ,ent lry bt 01l , ~.. n, Lon s Paddingto don. W L psrt(r) cr erAPSIItLaSge,I7. gas 61' 14 doro; " CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD AIIXTUnt 15 ill, tje'ree"-e4. teed cure for all Blood and Skin Disen rld 3 arl ie9 . w .0, searching blood cleanser ever discovered, e e gorell -. fi oanl all kinds, 1 si n. system from all impurities from whatever Cr:, of Of od T Por Scrofula, Scurvy Eczema, Bad Lege. POP s o , dss, oiltds eeffveeerty' bougoeA,.. 00, swahreer e n,laatr, v2esl.l°V. .T bottle n• (l 4 ... worthless imitations and substitutes --Adri" 0.., FITS OR EPILESPY' g AINT- • : GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, r" 014 Or ; I will demonstr tte to the whole world b°,!,,h dreadful of all complaints, " Epilepsy,' pero .. hitherto consi iered incurable, can be Perru':-. seere„"-cioth/ , (telthout the chance of failure). Write to the k Do',ire. , BUrwood House, Burwood Place, IlYde Par • Cr ; Ile will send you, " Gratis," full instruottoos RUPTURE CURED. -All who wish tog ,t,slr• Wet' and trusses should send to Mr S• Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane.and 26' Manchester for his Book post free Td.-4. • -61. . THE PLAGUE -- i A "Little Cough.'' , THE RUIN OF HEALTH A ' • gb• • ' Little COO THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH : Coogllllso ° - A .. Littfev, 1.6.,rs ,A Which may be CURED now by the 011°' ~ -,ipth , HALL'S R INtLu LUNG RESTORER FO'' 'llVb OV ATI. t' 1111 ' Registered AND --' p ri. ; I IJNO All COMPLAj pall 4 J ' 11.-4 RESTORER 5145 - sil °no ' Never Fails. It POSSESSS "TO_ ip 0 to $OOlO LUNG!im:-esloul HEAL. v".--,.,,ti0u• RESTORER other PreP'' S' Coo°s COVo LUNG Fox/ 00 if- ° to _, RESTORER Never Pails. It NIIVBB ~„ 00 INSTAN4 _... . , LUNG RESTORER TUR FIRS TILL 800 Ctl9", IS A LUNG Lung "1- Kl' ,pl 4 d uette SO ' '' RESTORER IND.-- 513105* 1,4 Calm an LUNG DOES N° 0 ofl RESTORER LACDANU ' Never Fails woRpgIA. ,sII4O 0501 LUNG FoR WIL et' ot• ? , RESTORER CO' ACTS LSO LUNG -pESTORER IT ACT- children ni 33U d II -I IL, Never Falls oNfis 1029' P.., Ar10.,47- lIALL'S PROVOS D4O ir ' LUNURESTORER ESI ABLISI° 00 - Registered 1 GIVES INSTANT NEVER. RELIEF. FAILS. tali** tivITIO' Cril e 4 0' EXTRACT FROM LETTER (.)u. . - Girls. Os ,T$ fOr Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Hoast _ To Mr. Twos. 11.4.1.1..—" Dias Pin'beoe of 11‘;iiarseoi- • a t g 0 robet, testify to the great benefit derive from to sever oss 1 . RESTORER, which I bevel give° Is area, wit es P ray Home—in two cases particularly I '. sbc _ di bus, having cured most obstinate :;all4'a to recommend It to all toy friends. of 107-tial , ---- for a Bottle t aag/ 01° sic CAUTION.—Whea you ask, a , ded to - 0010° 00' LUNG RESTORER, don't be perBll every else. Upon the outside wrapper °of godsg) a. _toe.. appears my Trade Mark (the Beware of fraudulent imitations and tv:',..vbere i‘goulyA,O, Sold by chemists and Stores Is. I4d. and 2s. 9d. Should therse.voeu vee 11,,' View obaining, it will be sent carriage 111%4. Que" forthe amount, from TILOS. NAL"' tree t Landou.

- \ I ----

===== 0002601_18950831_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
With fo,. <Unary POBtlike UP to

2-15 tm.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
44 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
.61.5 Lm

5-30 Ilan.

1-3. Lin.

4-55 /Lau.

S-Se a.m.

10.0 10-10 am,.

11-10 a.m.

140 a.m. 4,30 cm.

12 rhea 1-51 a,ni 14 PAD.

1-25 P.m. L-40 p.m. 245 P.m. Lao 2-45p.m.

3-4 Pan. 41A P.m. D.an 4-40 ' 6-45 Pan:

143 Pmi.

6-16 pa, 9-30 p.m.

10-30 van. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
fewton-le-Wilk'w° '"*"..—•"••"•• Vi dnes, Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh Preston Br

'Frodsh.am, Helsisy, Daresb and Moore .....—.... ......... G rappenhall, Headley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Fiewchurcil, Croft Padgate,Stotook ton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock

===== 0002601_18950831_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
port, Buxton, Y rkshire.North-1 timberland, Durham, & S.-Bast - ..

Lal—e's:;hl-re. London. Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Presoot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and

Runcorn ianclaester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery.. ondon, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and

'London,

Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumbe-rland London, Midland, Southern, and

===== 0002601_18950831_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
S.-Eastern Counties iVerpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester,

and Scotland Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno, I

Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, L Sheffield Brook, Sutton, Newton-le-

IPre;t-o—n-

Willows and Wigan

r, Liverpool Frodshatn, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and

Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm. Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-Bast Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester' . • '

"5..417 •?Onge. 910 9-65 " 1. •

10-30 ~

11.10

2-151).m.

a-o 4-30 „ 6-3 o 8-0

Peterborough, and Bast Lincoln shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cun berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glas.low Night Mail Despeen. All Parts London, Midlands. S.-Eastern South Counties. & Foreign

10-45 a.m.

REORIVING HoUSE. SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES

ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

..CRIVING HOUSE— wßarlestown titro -uriricEs - Ashto Collin ri Green ‘4olborne Lowton tubshaw Cross ZYinwick -Wargrave

WEEK-DAYS. 1045 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m, and 8 P.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m; 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and? p.m.

WALL BOXES el."? Lane, Newton 141vrton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station vs (ewton Bridge) 1-Yesion uhurch-st., Golb°rue' T_Legh Street, -...,_wton Chapel " 'trgiton (Bear Lowton Bt. Mary's Station) .01ton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Bartenwood (Providence Plaee)

8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am, and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

SUNDIYB. 4-30 p.m.

? azecto is are despatched from the Receiving Office att Earle- , wit at 9 a.m and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same t ute as letters.. - FOL To Callers.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-65 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10.45 . / 11-30 „ 1.11-40

}, 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-1 D .. 1 3-15 ,

By Postmen.

7-0 a .m.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
5-40 ~

945 ~

Nii. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

6-45 a.m.

}7-0 a.m. Next day.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIMIIIS AS FOLLOWS:-

114/gland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign rndon and the South , °dBharn, Helsby, LYran2 '4ltrichester, S.-East Lancashire, rorkabire, Durham, Northum- n‘beriand, and Lincolnshire 'nester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, S, outhport,Prescot, Wigan, Orms- toitirk, Widnes, & Earlestown ..... ndon For n and the South • ' e ,_and Counties & South Wales •.„.1.:1"11. North Eancash+re. New. -"n-le-Willows, St. Helens. and luellester --kanchester London and Foreign, South, S - , r .I_3_aatern, and Minland Counties -'4neashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- nter, Wales, and Ireland mi"igOw, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester

Ches-I

5-30 p.m.

I.,Zcio*l7.;th-c1 i':&;;Ign, South, S.- bEt"teell, Midland, Northern, cgaatern Counties, St Lancashire ft. Padgate. woohtoo, Stockton Reath, and Stratton eel_ don & Foreign, South, and S - 4aatern Counties

11-30 a.m

3-15 in.

fo,rhe Dundee millworkers, who have been out on strike 04'4 week demanding a 10 per cent. increase of wages, M crea "day offered to resume work at 5 per cent. - N Be. The masters refused the terms, and the em- LA3 thereupon passed a resolution to remain out until per • cent, is conceded,

,

r

( .‘....._ .., -;,1.4,-1:•?1;,:l'

===== 0002601_18950831_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT

I do not know whether it is a result of an order by the late Liberal or by the Unionist Government that the work in some of the dockyards is now be- ing pushed on with accelerated speed; but both at Portsmouth and Chatham orders have been re- ceived to have the Majestic and Magnificent,which are being built in these dockyards respectively, completed twelve months earlier than was origin- ally intended. If this energy is continued both vessels will be'commissioned in six or eight months' time. In both dockyards the overtime at present is about four hours a day, and probably a Thousand men in each yard are working overtime. At Devon. port also torpedoes are being turned out night and day without stopping. If all this speed ie the re- sult of orders by the late Government, the present Government, with their Imperial ideas, are not likely to reduce it. ' They are much more likely to go upon the tack of bettering the example set them by their predecessors.

The great Civil Service Association, a large trad- ing concern and universal provider, is on the eve of an important development which will bring it still further into direct competition with the ordinary tradesman. The Association was originally formed as a co-operative institution for civil servants, and to that extent it was absolutely unassailable. But, if not at the beginning, then very ear:y in its career, it admitted to its benefits the friends or acquaintances of civil servants, there being a limit fixed to the number of outsiders so benefited. These outsiders paid fis. yearly, which was afterwards reduced to 2s. 6c1., for the privilege they enjoyed. For many years dividends were not allowed to be distributed among the original civil servant share- holders; but of late years enormous dividends have been paid in which the outside ticket-holders had no share. The institution thus became a mere traders' establishment, trading for profit. The further development which is contemplated is an increase in the number of outsiders and the admis- sion of the whole body of outsiders to many of the privileges of shareholders. One of the privileges denied to them is, of course, a share in the divid- end. This new evolutionary movement will lead I once more to widespread dissatisfaction among the tradesmen in and around London, who have often risen in indignant protest against this competition, and invariably without the slightest effect. Every year sees an enormous development of the Associa- tion's business.

Sir Matthew W.Ridley will soon be known as the Minister of All the Promises. Not a day passes without the new Home Secretary undertaking in the most agreeable manner to give his "careful con- sideration" to All sorts of subjects during the re- cess. The Ministetialists do not take a very san- guine view either of the Parliamentary or the ad- ministrative capacity of their new Home Secretary, who so far has only succeeded in confusing serious issues, and attaching undue importance to minor things.

Homburg, where the Prince of Wales has gone to drink the waters, is one of the most fairy-like of the German watering places. It was formerly in the Duchy of Nassau, and at that time had famous gam- ing-tables, but since its annexation to Prussia these have become things of the past. Homburg is full of nothing but smart people, and the place is so charm- ing, and all the folks so well dressed, that you feel that if a collection were made for the poor there would be no one to receive it. As few people open their eyes before six, those at Homburg ought to be the most amiable and happy in the world, for the delightful strains of a band begin at that bour,play- ing the morning hymn, a soft, exquisite melody, with wtich the day is always opened.. The band continues to play while the patients take their morning draught, walking round and round the grass plats to settle it,

Lying in a jewellery establishment in New Bond-street is a remarkable diamond which has recently been procured from the famous De Beers Mines, in South Africa. Besides being of abnormal size, the diamond is curious, because its round ow-- line is found to resemble a human face in profile. Well-proportioned features are clearly chiselled out, nose, mouth, and chin being all very plainly de- fined. Hardly had the outline of a human face been discovered, than it was suggested that in cer- tain lights it bore a resemblance to Lord Salisbury. The diamond was then, by the Unionist leader's per- mission. called the " Salisbury" diamond. Expert evidence places it beyond all doubt that the outline of the diamond is the work of nature, and that the hand of man or men has had no part in producing the supposed likeness.

When Mr. Yerburah put his question in the House of Commons to the Home Secretary concerning the ways of some English usurers, be had in his pocket and was ready to produce, a promissory note given to a Welsh farmer by a Birmingham money lender which note was headed, " Wellington-street, Glas- gow." The effect of this arrangement was to enable the money lender to proceed under Scottish law against his debtor, and to levy distress upon him without any notice beyond the insertion of an ad- vertisement in a Scottish newspaper. Many far- mers in Hereford and Worcester have, it has come to Mr. Yerburgh's knowledge, been subject to this kind of practice.

Lord Rosebery has evidently won the affection of several tradesmen in the Avenue named after him. There is in this Islington thoroughfare a Rosebery Coffee nouse, a Rosebery if air-dressing Saloon, a Rosebery Dairy, and other instances of the popular- ity of the ex• Premier.

One of the last acts of the late Government was the rejection of a private Bill for the carrying out of a larze scheme. which some years ago received the sanction of Parliament,for the widening of Par- liament-st. Mr. Herbert Gladstone stated that it was the intention of the Liberal Government to ac- quire the land between the Foreign Office buildings and Westminster Abbey. partly with the object of making a noble approach to the Houses of Parlia- ment and the Abbey,and of erecting POMO extensive Government edifices. The dissolution of course brought the scheme to an end. It has,hoYvever,been taken up by the present Government, who will in- troduce during this session a non-contentious mea- sure. Late on Monday night a resolution was agreed to authorising the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of such sums as will be required for the pur. chase of the site. In due course,therefore,the Bill, which has already been drafted, will be introduced, and it will be passed without difficulty.

Mr. George Curzon, repl:c ing a few days ago to a question in the House of Commons, said that her Majesty's Government had no knowledge of the treaty concluied between France and China in re- ference to the cession to France of territory which we conditionally transferred to China two years ago. Of course he meant that the Government bad no official knowledge of it, for he was able to state that the treaty had not yet been ratified. That a knowledge of its contents had, through some trnst- worthy c'.3annel, reached Lord Salisbury, is now clear,as his lordship has taken very energetic ac- tion. He has caused it to be made known at Pekin that if any cession is intended this country will resume possession of the territory in question. The Chinese excuse, i believe, is that the cession to France was an accidental oversight of the pro vi- tions of the treaty with England. There will be no trouble, therefore, from that quarter. France also will have to back out, of its claims, though it may wait for M. Pavie's arrival from Burmah before surrendering them. There is no alternative, so long as fiord Salisbury holds by his present atti- tude. The effect of the Prime Minister's action is to shut France off from the Upper Mekong and from a large portion of the Chinese frontier.

The expenses incurred by Mr. Keir Hardie in the recent election in South West Ham are returned as amounting to £.249 ss. 4d., while those of Major Banes. M.P., his successful opponent, came to £642 12s. 3d. Each candidate paid £125 13s. 2d., as the returning officer's charges, the personal ex- penses of Mr. Keir Hardie being £lO, and those of Major Banes 1,53 ss. A peculiarity in Mr. Keir Hardie's return is the absence of expenses for agents, clerks or messengers, these personal set.: vices being rendered gratuitously. The Rev. T. Warren, who acted as election agent. says he received £175 from Mr. Keir Hardie and £7B 2s. id. from "other persons." In North West [lam the ex- penses of Mr. Froest Gray. M.P.. were £792 lld and those of Mr. Archibald Grove, £714 4s.

FROM THE MOMENT OF BIRTFI USE CUTICURa SOAP.—It is not only the purest, sweetest and most re- freshing of nursery soaps, but it contains delicate emollient properties obtained from CIITICURA (ointment), the great skin cure, which purify and beautify the skin, and remove skin blemishes, occasimed by imnerfect cleansing and the continued use of impure soaps. Guaranteed absolptely pure by analvtiell chemists of the highest standing, whose certificates of analysis I accompany ez4b tablet.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
With fixtra Halfpenny Stamp

===== 0002601_18950831_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No extra

===== 0002601_18950831_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil. Nil Nil.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE E XAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 31 1895.

WARRINGTON FLORAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL 5110 W.

The second annual show in connection with the War- rington Floral and Horticultural Society was held in the Warrington Gymnasium on Wednesday and Thursday last week. The show was a great improvement upon that of last year, and there were so many entries that the room was inconveniently crowded, so much so that if there is a corresponding increasenext year,a much larger place will be required. The exhibits were arranged with excellent effect, and along the centre of the room, acting as a di- viding line was a number of foliage plants supplied by the Warrington Corporation, and one interesting speci- men was an acacia grown by Mr. Parker, the head gardener at the park. To the right of the entrance were the exhibits ot Messrs. Dickson, of Chester, and among these were some splendid specimens et cut bloom, and near by were the exhibits of Mr. John Rylands, Mr. R. A. Naylor, and Mrs. Beamont, which consisted chiefly of plants and flowers. Mr. R. Garnett also had a number of interesting speci- mens of foreign plants. Conspicuous among these WRS a banana tree with its large leaves. fie also exhibited three Egyptian luffas, a cotton plant, and a stephanotis. These were rare plants and provoked a great amount of interest. The other exhibitors in the centre of the room also had their plants, etc., arranged in a most tasteful manner. Along either side of the ream were the exhibits 1 of fruit and vegetables, and near the door to the left was a I,r2e hoo7h covered with apples, supplied by Mr. Joseph Whitfield, of Lower Walton. At the fax end of , the room was a stall containing a large quantity of fruit, flowers, plants and vegetables, from Mrs. Massey, of Acton Grange. The stall was in carge of Mr. Birch,and was laden with articles, and there was a large quantity of honey from the apiary at Acton Grange. An interest- ing exhibit on this stall was supplied by Mr. Fletcher, of Grappenhall. It consisted of a cocoanut palm growing out of a cocoanut, and the large palm leaves had already shot out. Mr. Fletcher also exhibited on the same stall,a plate of American raspberry. In the small room behind were the exhibits of farm produce. The whole exhibition was of a high order, and great credit is due to Mr. Ryan and the committee for their efforts to make the show a success. To show the large increase in some of the departthents" we give the list of entries for this year and last. 1894 1895 increase Class I. Plants Fruits Flowers Vegetables Class U. Plants Cut bloom Fruit 7 6 —1 Vegetables Class 111. Plants 9 13 4 Flowers Vegetables ..... Class IV. Vegetables Class V. Vegetables ... 7 19 12

353 749 396

There was a large gathering at the time for the open- ing on Wednesday, and among those present were the Mayor and Mayoress (Councillor James and Mrs. Fair- (dough), Aldermen Bolton, Wright, and Hutchinson, Councillors Smethurst, Shaw Green, Cannel!, Lee, and Shillock, Revs. U. V. Pigot, G. B. Thurston, B. Percival, and L. J. T. Harwell, Dr. White J.P., Messrs. Z. Armit- age J.P., R. Garnett, J.P. R. I. Wynne Jones, W. Cop- Pock, W. Walker, R. G. Efenshall,J. Fairhurst,J. Geddes J.P. J. Fulton Smith (treasurer), and J. Ryan ksecre- ar The MAYOR in formally opening the show said that he con . ratulated the hon. sec., Mr. Ryan,and the commit- tee for the successful way in which they had carried out the arrangements. He only hoped and trusted that they I might see their way to continue the show annually. Be was perfectly certain that they gave great satisfaction and pleasure to the inhabit ants of Warrington. He was sure that it was a great incentive to exhibitors to try and compete with each other to bring their fruit and vegetables to as high a state of perfection as possible.. When a man was at work at his garden early in the morning, they might be sure that he would enjoy his breakfast. (Laughter and applause.) Alderman BOLTON on behalf of the committee thanked the Mayor for his presence that day. He said that there was a great improvement upon last year, as they had over 100 entries, and he thought that the quality of the plants and vegetables was better. He was Bare that the inhabitants of Warrington would appreciate the efforts of the committee,and next year they hoped to do better than this year. After the formal opening, the company proceeded to examine the various exhibits. During the afternoon the proceedings were enlivened by music, the musicians be- ing the Misses Birtles, Mr. Spinks, Miss and Master Randall, Miss Faull, and Mr. Percy Randall.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASS I. OPEN.

PLANTS.-Group of plants arranged for effect, space not to exceed aft. square: 1, R. A. Naylor, Cuerden Bali; 2, Alderman J. Smith, Newton-le-Willows ; 3, Mrs. W. C. Jones, Elms, Moore. Six table plants (pot not to exceed 61n.): 1, R. A. Naylor; 2, John Rylands. Six ferns: 1, R. Garnett, 2, R. A. Naylor. Three coleus (dis- tinct) :1, It. A. Naylor; 2, Mrs. Beamont. Six fuchsias: 1, John Rylands. Six zonal geraniums : 1, John Rylands, CUT FLONVERS.-Best bouquet: 1, Alderman Bolton ; 2 W. Long -; Six dahlias : 1, W. Turner; 2, Mrs. W. C. Jones. Six varieties, cactus, dahlias, one of each 1, W. Long, 2, John Rylands, Twelve roses (distinct) 1, Mrs. W. C. Jones; 2, Alderman J. Smith. Twelve asters : 1, W. Turner ; 2, Mrs. W. C. Jones. Nme carnations: 1, W. Boardman ; 2, John Randal's. FRUIT.-Six dishes of fruit : 1, Mrs. W. C. Jones ; 2. T. Miller. Two bunches black grapes: 1, Mrs. Beamont; 2, R. A. Naylor. Two bunches of white grapes 1, W. Long; 2, R. A. Naylor. One dish of apples (cooking) :1, Alderman Smith ; 2, Miss E. Tetlow. One dish dessert apples : 1, Mrs. W. C. Jones; 2, Alderman Smith. One dish cf pears :1, R. Garnett ; 2, W. Long. VEGETABLES.-Collection of 10 varieties : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, W. Sephton. Six varieties of potatoes : 1, Miss Tetlow ; 2, John Rylands. One dish potatoes (round) : 1, R. A. Naylor; 2, Miss Tetlow. One dish kidney potatoes: 1, Miss Tetlow; 2, T. Miller. Two I cauliflowers: 2, Mrs. W. C. Jones. Two white cabbages: 11, Richard Green ; 2, Mrs. P. Rylands. Two red cab- bages : 1, W. Boardman.; 2, W. Long. Ihree sticks white celery : 1, William Sephton ; 2, W. Boardman. Three sticks red celery : 1, W. Sephton ' • 2, W. Board- man. One dish onions : 1 W. Sephton ; 2,W. Boardman. Peas (20 pods) 1, Miss Tetlow ; 2, Mrs. P. Rylands. Broad beans : 1, T. Rutter ;2, W. Boardman. Scarlet runners : 1, Mrs. W. C. Jones; 2, W. Boardman. French beans :1, Mrs. W. C. Jones ; 2, Alderman Smith. Two cucumbers : 1, Mrs. P. Rylands,; 2, Mrs. W, C. Jones. One dish tomatoes 1, W. Sephton ;2, R. Garnett One vetetable marrow: 1, W. Sephton ' • 2, Mrs. W. C. Jones. Six turnips :1, Miss Tetlow; 2, T. Rutter. Six carrots: 1, Mrs. Beamont; 2, Mrs. W. C. Jones. Two lettuces: 1, W. Boardman ; 2, Miss Tetlow. Six leeks : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, Alderman Smith. Three red beet : 1, Mrs. Beamont ; 2, W. Sephton. CLASS 2. AMATEURS. PLANTS.-Group of plants arranged for effect, 5 feet square: 1, J. Randalls ; 2, J. Heesom ; 3J. Rigby. 3 greenhouse plants, any variety: 1, T. Rutter ; 2, C. Grounds. 3 fuchsias: 1, J. Heesom ;2, A. Rowlinson. 2 zonal geraniums : 1, T. Rutter; 2, T. Boscow. 2 coleus: W. Sephton ' • 2, A. Rowlinson. 2 ferns, (exotic) : 1, Mrs. Grant •,2, C. Grounds. 2 British ferns : 1, C. Grounds ; 2, C. Bonehill. 2 begonias : T. Rutter ;2, C. Grounds. 1 pot of Minna : 1, J. Edwardson. 1 orna- mental foliage plants : 1, W. Coppock ; 2, T. Boscow. CUT FLOWERS.-4 roses (district) :1, A. Cotterill ;2, F. Childs. 12 pansies; 1. J. Randalls ; 2. W. Sephton. 12 asters: 1, W. Turner; 2, W. Sephton. 6 dahlias, (double) : 1, W. Turner; 2, F. Childs. 6 dahlias (cactus): 1, A. Cotterill; 6, French marigolds : 1, W. Sephton ' • 2. T. Rutter. 6 African marigolds: 1, F. Childs ;2, W. Sephton. Stocks : 1, W. Boardman ; 2, J. Isherwood, Gladioli : I,W. Turner. 1 hand bouquet :1, W. Rutter; 2, F. Childs. FRUIT.-1 dish of apples, (cooking) :1, W. Sephton ; 2, F. Childs. 1 dish of pears: 1, W. Turner. VEGETABLES.-Collection of potatoes : 1, T. Rutter. Dish of round potatoes: 1, A. Rathbone ; 2, C. Cotterill. Dish of kidney potatoes : 1, A. Cotterill ; 2, A. Rathbone Dish of tomatoes 1, W. Sephton ; 2, T. Rutter. 2 cucumbers : 1, W. Boardman ;2, W. Sephton. 2 cauli- flowers : 1, T. Rutter; 2, W. Boardman. 2 sticks of red celery : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, A. Cotterill. White celery : 1, W. Sephton •, 2, W. Boardman. Peas: 1, F. Childs, 2, W. Unsworth. Broad beans :1, W. Boardman ;2, T. Rutter. French beans : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, F. Childs. Scarlet runners : 1, W. Boardman ; 2, W. Sepliton: Onions: 1, W Septon ;2, W. Boardman. Shallots ; 1, W.Sephton ; 2, W. Boardman. Red cabbages : 1, W. Boardman ;2, W. Unsworth. White cabbage: 1, A. Cotterlll ;2, W. Unsworth. 1 vegetable marrow :1, F. Childs ; 2, W. Boardman. Carrots : 1, W. Septiton. Turnips: 1, A. Cotterill ;2, W. Unsworth. Lettuce: 1, W. Boardman . • 2, A. Cotterill, parsley in pot : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, W. Coppoch, Best collection of 6 ferns, any variety : special prize from Messrs. Woods and Son, of silver coffee pot valued £5, C. Grounds, winner.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASS 3. COTTAGES.

PLANTS—Three window pints, distinct (special prize, copper kettle, given by Councillor Smethurst) : 1, T. Starkie •2, F. Childs. Best specimen given for plants supplied by Warrington Corporation : 1, W. Belly ;2, T. Randalis. Best pot, ivy : 1, J. Edwardson. Fern : J. Robinson. CUT FLOWERS—Six double dahlias : 1, W. Potter 2, P. Cliffe. Six single dahlias : 1, F. Childs. Six asters : 1, C. Povey ;2, W. Richardson. Six French marigolds : 1, W. Turner. Six African marigolds: 1, W. Povey ; 2, A. Cotterill, Six zinnias : 1, F. Childs; 2, W. Povey. Six cut blooms (various) : 1, F. Childs; 2, A. Cotterill. VEGETABLES.—CoIIeetIen of potatoes : 1, W. Richard- son ;2, F. Childs. Cabbage, red : 1, W. Boardman ; 2. W. Richardson. White cabbage: 1, A. Cotterill ;2, W. T,lnsworth. Cauliflower . 1„ W. Boardman ;2, W. Povey. Onions : 1, W. Boardman ;3, W. Richardson. Peas 1, F. Childs ;2, Si'. Riehardaon. 13rod beans:

===== 0002601_18950831_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950831_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME2MO

===== 0002601_18950831_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
1, C. Povey ;2, W. Boardman. French beans: 1, F. Childs ;2, A. Cotterill. Scarlet runners : 1, W. Board- man ;2, P. Cliffe. lettuces : 1, W. Boardman ;2, W. Povey. Red celery : 1, W. Boardman ;2, W, Richard- son. White celery : 1, W. Richardson ; 2, W. Board- man. Vegetable marrow : 1, k. Cotterill ; 2, W. Boardman. Carrots: 1, W. Povey ;2, W. Richardson. Turnips : 1, J. Higbam ;2. A. Cotterill. CLASS 4. FARMERS ONLY. Two Scotch cabbages : 1, R. !Green ; 2, Mrs. P. Rylands. Three Swede Turnips : 1, C. Robinson ;2, R. Green. Mangold wurzels (red) 1, Miss Tetlow ;2, C. Robinson. Yellow mangold wurzels : 1, Mrs. P. Rylands ' • 2, Miss Tetlow. Special prize given by Messrs. Pierpoist and Co., for best collection of vegetables (3 varieties) : 1, W. Seph. ton ; 2, Ald. Smith ; 3, T. Rutter. Special Prize, given by the Warrington Corporation, for the best collection of potatoes (ten varieties in num- ber, and six of each variety) : 1, B. and T. Bennett ; 2, Miss Tetlow. CLASS 5.-CHILDREN (UNDER 12 YEARS OF AGE). For basket of wild flowers, arranged by competitor residing within the borough of Warrington. Basket not to exceed 12 inches across both ways. First prize,2B.6d., and photograph of winner with basket of flowers ill frame, complete, by Mr. Parkinson, photographer, War- rington : 1, W. Randall ; 2, E. ' Cliffs; 3, Minnie Hes- keth • 4. A. Hesketh ; 5, A. Barnes ; 6, Sarah Rigby ; 7, E. Ellison. CLASS 6.-FOR BOYS AND GIRLS (UNDER 16 YEAR 3 OF AGE). For basket of wild flowers, arranged by competitor re- siding within the borough of Warrington. Basket not to exceed 12 inches across both ways: 1, E. Parker ; 2, T. Boscow, jun. ; 3, Lizzie Barnes. Certificates of werit were given to Messrs. Cowan and Company, Limited, Liverpool, for collection of plants ; Messrs. Dickson and Co., Chester, for cut bloom ; Mr. George Andrews, Padgate, cut bloom and roses ; Mr. G. Starkey, Warrington, for collection of cut blooms ; Messrs. Pierpoint and Co., Warrington,for general collec- tion ; Mrs. Massey, for display of fruits, Sowers and market produce ; Mr. George Berry, Tilley-street sun flower ; Alderman Bolton' cut bloom orchids ; the War- rington Corporation, for display of foliage plants ; and Mr. R. Garnett for banana tree, cotton plant, stephano- tis, and luffa plant. The judges were Messrs. G. Tandy, Norton Priory, and Smith of Arley Hall. The show was again opened on Thursday but there was no formal ceremony.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AMBULANCE BRIGADE. PRESENTATION TO MIL H. PRITCHARD.

-- The first annual meeting of the above Association was held in Wycliffe Schools on Thursday last week and was largely attended. Mr. J. C. Parr,d.P., C.C., D.L., occupied the chair and was accompanied on the platform by Mr. R. Parr, Dr. and Mrs. Adams, Mr. T. Morris, F.G.S., Mr. C. H. Broadbent, Captain F. M. Appleton, the Rev. H. V. Piga, Mr. H. Pritchard (late hon. secretary), and Mr. T. H. Hardy (the present secretary). Dr. ADAMS read letters of apology for non-atten- dance from Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P. (president of the brigade), Mr. B. Fairclough, Captain Waring, Dr. Darwen, and Mr. A H. Crosfield who enclosed a postal order for 14 guineas, a gift which was very enthusiastically received. The CHAIRMAN said he was sure that they would join with him in regretting that their president was unable to be there. They all knew his heart was with them and they knew he would have been there if he could have been in two places at once. Unfortunately it was as yet impossible and Mr. Pierpoint had his Parliamen- tary duties to attend o. There were perhaps no sub- jects of more practical importance or more deserving of their encouragement and attention than the one they were met that evening to promote and organise ; for it involved the possible saving of human life and the relief or mitigation of human suffering,and when they looked around them and saw the multifarious objects which civilisation and science surrounded them with, which might at any moment cause accidents more or less seri- ous—our railways, tramways, manufactories, bicycles, and a hundred and one other things which might an sr moment cause complications—it was surely incumbent upon them to study the means of meeting and counter- acting the dangers which surrounded them on every side. (Applause.) To keep out of danger was altogether impossible and to avoid accidents was nearly as impossible. But to know what to do and how to do it when accidents occurred was a subject well worthy of their careful study, and a science—for he would call it a science—which it behoved them all to know a little of. Many lives had been saved and much suffering mitigated, or soothed, or avoided,by timely as- sistance and presence of mind, and on the other hand many valuable lives,so to apeak,had been thrown away, and much suffering had resulted from incapacity and ignorance in acting,or abstaining from acting on the spur of the moment. In cases of emergency the first natural feeling of alarm and nervous excitement at the occur- rence of an accident was increased and intensified by the feeling of helplessness to render any effective assistance, while on the contrary a small amount of practical or technical experience steadied the hand, and gave a con- fidence which no amount of well-intentioned zeal and kind anxiety to be useful could furnish. (Hear, hear.) The old proverb of' A stitch in time,etc.," was perhaps never more forcibly illustrated than in connection with the subjects before them, and the "first help" which it was the object of their Society to teach them how to render most efficiently and effectively might be the " stitch in time to rescue a fellow creaturefrom an un• timely grave, and to turn the scale of life and death with a precious human life pending in the balance. (Hear, hear.) Re was sure the association would be looked at in no light manner and he hoped many might be able to assist when called upon in emergency. All ought to know not only what to do but how to do it at the proper time. (Hear, hear.) SECRETARV'S REPORT. Mr. HARDY, the secretary then read his report which read as follows : s. In presenting their report to you for this, the first year of the existence of the brigade, your council defire to express their great satisfaction at the progress which has been made since its formation. A preliminary meet- ing was held on the 19th April last year, at which there were present Messrs.flardy.Pritchard,Williams,Bunkley, Willcock, and one or two others, who I am sorry to say have not been amongst us since,but the remainder stuck to their guns and worked hard to bring the movement to the notice of all ambulance men within the district, with the result that by the 11th of July about a dozen more bad joined the small band of workers, and at our next meeting on the 19th of September we had 33 present. Since then we have advanced by leaps and bounds, till we have at the present time no less than 69 names upon the register. One new class has been held which was carried through very successfully, 17 candi- dates obtaining the first aid certificate, 9 passing for the second, and one for the third course, for which the Medallion of the Association is awarded,in fact all passed who presented themselves for examination, and we con- sider that that result reflects great crelit upon their in- structot s. Another class was then started early this year, but, owing to the fact that we had to clear out from our quarters and were unable to secure another suitable room to practice in, the examination of this class has been postponed until the next season larens. Your Committee desire t 9 express their deep sense of gratitude to those gentlemen who have so generously supported the movement financially, viz., Mr. J.liCharl- ton Parr, Rev. B. B. Prescott, Mr. Thomas Morris, and Mr. Andrew Rathbane, and to Mr. Robert Heaton for his generoustipahebac tabours aui rtl sywotoroguitrlfia obefee Honorary nsat rneet eit nco stretcher. in its t Yh Surgeonsidoguuh duty yor weretappreciationhei Committee servicesto alsof ao f rt teil ee hues clered cheerfully and gratuitously—like all work con- ducted for and by the Order—in devoting a pertiun of their valuable time to instructing others how to help and render first aid to those who are suffering from accident or sudden illness. We are thankful to be able to say that efficient first aid has been rendered in a large num- ber of cases by members of the Brigade. The most im- portant is that in which Mr. George Willcock. assisted by Mr. William Floughton, arrested the hemorrhage in the case of a man at Messrs. Houghtons% Sankey Wire Mills, who had ruptured a varicose vein in the leg, thereby undoubtedly saving the patient's life. There have also been a number of severe cases of frac- ture, ore in which a workman fractured his wrist on the Central Station, first aid rendered by Mr. Hardy assisted by Mr. J. G. Buckley: Mr. Buckley also had a case of fracture of the leg of a boy in Ohroy's Circus, another of a boy who gdt his leg fast between the wheel and body of a lorry in Winwick-road, and another of a boy suffering from comminuted fracture of the leg through a wall falling upon him; Mr. Hardy has rendered first aid in two severe cases of dog bites, and our Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Mills, rendered first aid to a boy in DallamlForge who was suffering from severe fracture of the skull and other injuries, and who is at present recov- ering. There are a number of other cases that cannot be mentioned, because members have neglected to send in their reports to the Secretary, but we are now in posses- sion of a proper case report book, and we must urge upon all members to send in their reports as soon as possible after they occur. Your Committee desire to express their hope that the members of the Police force, the Railway Co.'s employees, and the employees of other firms within the district will join us. In conclusion your Council desire to give great prominence to the fact that this great and humane work cannot be carried on and prosecuted to that extent, and with that vigour that its importance demands, without solid and substantial pecuniary aid from those to whom its large and invalu- able aims commend it, and to them they earnestly and confidently appeal for continued and increased support ; and they also hope that the Technical Education Depart- ment of the County Council will be able to see their way to make us a substantial grant, thus helping the mem- bers to help themselves le this most noble and unselfish cause."

===== 0002601_18950831_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.

Mr. W. BAMBER, one of the auditors, road the state- ment of accounts which showed that the total receipts during the year from all sources amounted to £l9 19s. 5d., and the expenditure £l5 7s. 7d., leaving a bal3nce in hand of £4 113. Bd. All the accounts as audited were in a satisfactory condition. Dr. ADAMS proposed that the two reports be carried. _

Mr. T. Monnts seconded ,and said that the Association was one of the most God-like institutions he knew. (Applause.) Parsons preaching in a church were not in it. (Loud laughter.) It was they who could help when it was needed and knew how to help. (Applause.) Referring to the testimonial presented to Dr. Adams a short time ago, Mr. Morris said he hoped that before the session was finished they would be able to give some other doctor a like recognition. The motion was then put to the meeting and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRESENTATION.

The CHAIRMAN in making a presentation of a St. John Ambulance Society's gold medallion, said he thought no wards of his were needed to recommend Mr. Pritchard to them. They had more experience than he had of the valuable services Mr. Pritchard had rendered to the Society, and it was a pleasure to him to be the medium for transmitting their gratitude to him. He then, amidst loud applause, presented the medallion to Mr. Pritchard. The presentation included the following, testimonial ; " Presented to Mr. Henry Pritchard as a token of respect in which he is held by every member, on the occasion of his removal from amongst us to another sphere of labour and as a slight reward for his services rendered in support of the movement since its commencement, when he was one of its promoters." Mr. Prugcminn, in responding, expressed his deep gratitude to the members for the present, and said that what little he had done was not worthy so valuable a present. What he had done he had done for a sense of duty—working on the railway as he did—where an ac- cident might occur at any moment. His six years in Warrington had been a time of pleasure andtbe memory of the kindness he had received would never die as long as he lived.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

All the officers of the past session were re-elected un- animously. There were no changes or additions. After a most interesting and instructive exhibition of ambulance brigade drill by a number of the members,all of whom showed praiseworthy efficiency, Dr. ADAMS said that the Warrington brigade had, more by lapse than intention, almost ceased to be a centre. It was suggested to re-constitute the Warring- ton centre of the Association, and for that they would require a full staff of officials. He himself had the honour of succeeding Mr. C. H. Broadbent as hoe. sec. of the Warrington centre, and it would be his duty and pleasuye to promote the interests of the Association. While the centre was in abeyance ambulance work had grown up round it and they had felt themselves strong enough to organize a brigade, as it were "on their own hook." He had been informed that the Warrington Ambulance Brigade to conform with the regulations would have to read as the Warrington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade. The centre, he hoped would include sub sections of rural townships such as Stretton and Penketh. He therefore proposed that the Warring- ton centre of the St. John Ambulance Association be re- constructed, and that the question of its constitutional formation in regard to officers and committee be referred to a special committee to be formed later on. Mr. C. H. BROADBENT seconded the resolution, and referred in felicitous terms to his successor, Dr. Adams. He also heartily congratulated the secretary,Mr. Hardy, on the membership and the keenness the members dis- played, and the progress the brigade had made. What they must all try to do was to induce others to take an interest in the work—(hear, hear,)—so that they might have as many certificate holders, and eventually as many medallion holders as possible. (Applause.) He was glad to see such a good attendance and so many ladies, and took it as good augury for the future.

The resolution was ihen carried. A PRIZE WON.

The CRAIRMAN explained that a handsome silver cup on his table was presented by the Sunlight Soap manu- facturers, and formed the 3rd prize in an open competi- tion for the Cheshire Lines employes held at Liverpool, and won by the detachment from the Warrington Central Station. (Applause.) As a matter of further pride all the competitors were members of the Brigade. (Loud applause'.) Mr. MORRIS moved that a hearty vote of thanks be acccrded the chairman of the meeting. The RPv. H. V. PIGOT seconded.

Mr. PARR, who was applauded vigorously,thanked all very much for their kind recognition of his small ser- vices that evening. He was pleased to act for Mr. Pier. point, who he hoped would be able to preside on the next occasion. It was a great encouragement to see such a hearty meeting composed of young and old, and even babies—(laughter),—who he was sure would in course of time become useful members of the Associa- tion. (Loud applause.) The proceedings then terminated.

WARRINGTON LEAGUE OF THE CROSS. VIGOROUS CRUSADE AGAINST INTEMPERANCE. The visitors, and councillors, together with the execu- tive, of the Warrington League of the Cross, made a house to house visitation throughout the various districts of the town on Sunday. The visits were not only made to those already initiated into the League, but to moat of the Catholic houses in the town, Miniature temperance meetings were held in these houses,and the evils of intemperance were pointed out,in plain, simple, but forcible language. The people were earnestly exhorted to throw in their lot with the temper- ance cause, and to work no longer to enrich a gigantic monopoly, which spelt for them ruin, misery, and de- gradation, but to work for their homes, their families, and themselves. Needless to add the visitors and their co-workers were received courteously and the people seemed grateful for the interest evinced in their welfare. As a natural consequence of this work, the League Hall was crowded on Sunday night, many of those who had promised to turn over a new leaf. putting in an appear- ance, and were a source of gratification to the Council and ordinary members of the League who attended in large numbers, many finding it impossible to obtain seats and were obliged to stand during the whole of the time of the meeting.

Mr. Joint MULLINS, president, who presided with his usual ability, gave an instructive address on the neces- sity of societies like the League of the Cross,for working men. He pointed out the dull surroundings of many of the slum homes in the town, which the poorer people are on account of their poverty obliged to occupy and referred to the great attraction there was for men tired and wearied after a week of monotonous toil,in the well lighted, bright, and cheerful public-houses in the town. The League of the Cross was in a very humble way intended AS a counter attraction to these places of iniquity. Workingmen could find bright, cheerful rooms in the League, where papers were free, books free, and good companionship could always be had. He strongly urged all Catholics to sign the pledge and safeguard themselves against the terrible consequences attending the frequentation of the "pleasant dens" devoted to the certain ruin of too many of our poor people. Mr.T. C. DALTON addreesed the meeting on the subject of the visitation. He said some of those who had been invited to join the League, and by this act to turn their backs once and for aye on the universal enemy of the workingman,had pleaded their inability to shake off this evil and destroying habit. In other words,they confessed themselves slaves to this habit, this fearful vice of in- temperance. Let them be sure of one thing, and it was this, no man who tried earnestly to overcome this evil habit ever failed. The means at hand in such a society as the League of the Croo.,vvere an infallible and certain cure of the most depraved case existing in their midst. The means were, 1 : Daily prayer to the great and good God, who had said, "Ask and you shall 'receive " ; 2 Monthly Communion in a body 3 . to work for the interests of the League of the Cross, by bringing in new members. He then went on to point out the fearful evils accruing from the drinking habits of the people. Many, very many, of the Cath,lic houses in Warrington had not a representative at the Holy Mass on the Lord's Day, and yet they were bound to go to Holy Mass in order to sanctify the Lord's Day. Be contrasted the indifference the Catholic people le this tewn,with the life of the monk in his cloister, by giving a detailed account of the day's work of a member of the Carthusian order. They (th. monks) rose each day at 5.30 a.m., and were engaged in devotions till 12 o'clock noon. prom September the 14th to Easter they eat but tWo meals a day, and from Easter to September the 14th they eat but one ! After a hard day's work during which strict silence was observed, they retired to rest at 7 p.m., and anyone passing a Carthusian monastery, would at a little before eleven o'clock every night hear the sweet tone of the Matin bell. At eleven o'clock the monks commenced to offer up prayers of praise and thanksgiving, and supplicated the great God to have mercy on a sinful and wicked world. These devotions lasted until two o'clock in the morning, and then the Holy monks retired to rest, commencing their day again at 530 a.m. During their lives they never eat any flesh meat,their only means of subsistence being bread, fish, cheese, fruit and vegetables.

The Rev..RATII. RYIN, in administering the life pledge to seven men. said there was no greater slavery than the slavery of drink. If a man was an actual slave ruled by a master who owned him as his property, the slave would still have his senses, would be tolerably well fed, clothed, and housed, but the slave of drink robbed himself of his senses, was hungry and ragged and in every way despicable. But, worst of all the drunk- ard WAR a slave of the Devil. The rev, gentleman ex- horted the men to be faithful to their pledge, and as a means to that end to prepare for their religious duties by fervent prayer and whole-hearted service to their God and His holy church.

A Blackburn cyclist named Wake, whilst crossing the electric tramway. near Portrush, was thrown front his machine, and fell on the rail through which the current is transmitted. Death was instantaneous ; and the juts' at the inquest on Tuesday found that it was due to elec- tric shock.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
H

===== 0002601_18950831_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4fakg.. -

===== 0002601_18950831_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
REsulas OF EXAMINATIONS, 1895.

The results of the examinations held under the Science and Art Department, the City and Guilds of London In- stitute, and the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes are now to hand, and we give below the names of the successful Warrington candidates

ART. , Elementary Freehand.—First Class : J. H. Booth, B. Bouchier, A. Clarke, A. H. Coates, M. L. Fletcher. Se- cond Class : M. Balharry, W. J. Ball, M. Brundrett, E. Daintith, F. Daintith, H. Dell,G. Fennelly, A.B. Garnett, M. Garnett, F. G. Shaw-Green. M. E. Hudson, R. G. Johnson, H. G. Johnstone. M. Kelley, F. H. Laverock, E. S. Lees, E. A. Millard, G. Pickavance,J. Skelton. Eleinentzry Model.—First class M. Balharry, W. J. Ball, M. J. Bibby, M. Brundrett, M. Burton, A. Clarke, A. H. Coates, E. Davies, F. Fowler, A. B. Garnett, F. G. Shaw-Green R. G. Johnson, P. M. Jsnes, E. Kenyon, F. H. Laverock, E. A. Millard, E. L.Pearce, E. Pickavance, G. Pickavance, F. M. Price, H. Wallington. Second Class: E. Bayley, B. Bouchier, R. W. D. Cook, F.Dain- tith, N. Daintith,G. Fennelly,M. L. Fletcher, M.Garnett, H. Holden, M. E. Hudson,A. K. Jeans, H. G Johnstone, D. Owen-Jones, M. Kelley, M. A. McNair, M. Muckley, G. W.Ridgway, H. S. Robinson, E. B. Rose, E.E. Thomp- son, E. M. Ward. Elementary Light and Shade.—First Class : M. Bur- ton, M. E. Eatock, L. Shaw-Green, S. L. Hatton, R. G. Johnson, F. H. Laverock, E. S. Lees,E. A. Millard,K.M. Picton, H. L. Slater, A. Smethurst. Second Class : B. Bouchier, A. H. Coates, R. W. D. Copk, A. B. Garnett, P. M. Jones, M. Kelley, G. Pickavance, J. Skelton, K.A. Swanwick, M. Watkins, E. M. Willcocks. Ac'vanced Freehand.—First Class : M. E. Eatoak. Second Class: M. Balharry, W. J. Ball, J. M. Finney, L. Shaw Green, G. Pickavance, M. Watkins. Advanced Model.—First Class: K. Brundrett, L. Shaw Green, M. Longdin, E. A. Millard, H. L. Slater, K. A. Swanwick. Second Clas-, : F. Birtles, M. Burton, A. H. Coates, M. E. Eitock, .J. M. Finney, R. G. Johnson, A. Smethurst, M. Watkins. Advanced Light and Shade.—First Class: H. L. Slater, Second Class : M. Balharry, M. Burton, A. fl. Coates,M. E. Eatock, S. L. Hatton, G. Piatavance, K. M. Plana, E. M. Swanwick, E. M. Willcocks. Elementary Perspective.—Second Class: K. Brundrett J. M. Finney, L. Shaw-Green, G. Pickavance, M. Watkins. Architecture.—Second Class: S. Pierpoint. Elementary Principles of Ornament.—First Class: H. Pierpoint. Second Class: B. Lees, S. Pierpoint. Elementary Design.—First Class B. Lees. Second Class : P. H. Brown, R. G. Johnson. Painting in Monochrome.—Second Class: K. Brun- dreth, J. M. Finney, P. Lees, M. Longdin, F. Podmore. Drawing from the Antique.—Second Class: S. Pier- point. Painting Still Life.—Second Class: H. Cooper, B. Lees, M. Longdin, S. Pierpcint.

Elementary Modelling.—First Class : E. A. Millard. Second Class :P. H. Brown, R W. D. Cook, H. H. Dell, J. Dolan, R. G. Johnson, F. H. Laverock, E. S. Lees, F. Podmore, E. Rigby, J. Skelton. Modelling from the Antique.—First Class :R.Daintith. Second Class :B. Lees.

Certificate Works Accepted.—K. Brundrett, shaded models ; M. E. Eatock, outline ornament ; L. Shaw- Green, outline ornament, shaded cast ; E. Hatton, geometry, shaded models; S. L. Hatton, shaded models; R. G. Johnson, geometry ; B. Lees, painting ornament; M. Longdin, geometry, outline ornament ; E. A. Millard, shaded models ; H. Pierpoint, modelling from east, study from plant ; F. Podmore, shaded cast ; A. Smethurst, outline ornament, geometry ; E. Swanwick, geometry, outline ornament ; M. Watkins, geometry. National Competition.—Book prize : H. Pierpoint, prize (value 10s.); R. Daintith. County Scholarship, &c.—Scholarship of £6O for three years : S. Pierpoint. Exhibition of £lO : F. Birtles, K. Brundrett, F. Podmore.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE.

Practical Geometry.—Elementary pass : J. Dolan. Drawing pass: J. H. Booth, H.S. Fledgcock, R. G. John- son, P. M. Jones, M. A. McNair, E. Rigby. Machine Drawing.—Advanced Second Class . J. H. Carpenter, G. G. Carter, A. Cotton, J. F. Melbourne, H. Shaw, W. Unsworth. Elementary pass: J. Alas- worth, D. M. Barker, F. Bruhl, W. E. Charnock, H. H. Gorst, R. J. Savory, A. Spruce.

Building Construction.—Advanced Second Class : A. Ward. Elementary pass: G. Diamond, J. Dolan,A.Ken- worthy, J. H. H. Powell, W. Wright. Mathematics.—Stage 11., Second Class : R. Clare, F. Daintith, E.E. Lowe. Stage 1., pass : H. Everett, H. S. Knowles, F. A. Yeomans.

Physics.—Elementary, Pass J. Harding,C. F. Taylor, W. H. Wallington. _ _ _

Applied MeC'hanics. —Advanced Second Class: J. H. Carpenter, T. Melbourne, H. W. Rhodes, H. Rigby. Elementary pass : J. Ainsworth, A. Pemberton. Steam.—Advanced Second Class: T. Melbourne, H. W, Rhodes, H..Rigby. . _ _

„ Inorganic Chemistry (Theoretical).—Advanced First , Class: T. D. Amos, J. Rose. Advanced Second Class: G. Dale, E. Davies, J. Greene, A. B. Tyrie. Elementary Pass: J. A. Smith. , Inorganic Chemistry (Practical).—Honours First , Class: K. Harding. Honours Second Class: T. D. Amos. Advanced Second Class: S. Comerford. A. B. Tyrie. Elementary Pass: T. Dixon, A. Ireland, A. Lang, A. Seed.

Human Physiology.—Advanced Second Class: B. Wadsworth, M. Williams. Hygiene.—Advanced Second Class: T. Edden, B. Wadsworth, M. Williams. Elementary Pass: S. A. Berry.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CITY AND GUILDS INSTITUTE.

Iron and Steel.—Honours First Class: Greene. Honours second Class: H. Hope. Ordinarr Grade First Class: F. Birch. Ordinary Grade Second Class: A. J. Sherwood.

Mechanical Eogineerinz.—Ordinary Grade Second Claes : H. W. Rhodes, H. Rigby. UNION OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE

INSTITUTES. Arithmetic (Elementary).—First Class: F. Baker, E. Bramhall, R. Brandreth, R. Carpenter,W. Carpenter, A. Charnock, E. Carney, ft. Forster, S. Hamilton, E. Houghton,M. A. Lea. J. Livingston, B. London,J. A. Magrath, L. Marrow, C. Mason, K. Miller, J. Monks, D. L. /Owen, A. Parr, W. Rigby, H. Sumner, J. Vernon, E. Walker. Second Clms : Alfred Arnold, Annie Arnold, W. R. Beswick, W. Bowen, H. Charnock, A. Cheney, J. Costello, W. Critchley, J. Davies, T. Dickin- son, E. Eden, P. B. Gandy, J. Gibson, L Lawrence, J. Monks. D. Plinstoo,L. Rudd, P. Sexton, J. M. Shaw, H. Smart, G. Strange, J. Unsworth, W. Unsworth, E. War- burton, H. Warburton, J. H. Wildman.

Chemistry (Elemeutary).—Third Clam: J. Gray, H. Sumner.

Citizenship—Third Class: J. Davies. A. Parr. Needlework (Intermediate).—First Class: M. J. Car- penter, E. B. Warburton. Second Class : E. Gill, A. Boughton, E. Houghton, L. Lawrence. _

Needlework (Elementary).—First Class : E. Walker. Second Class : E. Barber, C. Davenport, A. Lawless, E. Ton. Third Class : C. Owen. Cookerv.—First Cl,4ss with distinction : E. McGartv. First Class: E. Warborton. Second class: E. Corney, E. Gill, S. Horobin, N. Johnson. Third Class: E. Barber, C. Davenport, A. Lawless. Handwriting : Second Class: G. Clarke. Third Class: G. W. Baines, W. Daintith. Shorthand.—Speed, Second Class: H. G. Roberts, H. Sumner. Third Class: S. Baldry, W. Burdett, J. Dolan, T. Plevin, H. A. Roberts. Elementary pass: J. Barton, P. W. Boardman, R. Carpenter, J. R. Davies, H. Greene, H. G. Haigh, S. J. Hamilton, J. E. Knowles, .1. G. Pidduck, A. C. Smithson, J. S. Tilling, W. Rigby. Book-keeping.—First Class : A. G. Nicholas. Second Class: H. Greene, F. Wood. Third Class : H. Allen, H. P. Bate, W. T. Crank. R. H. Critchley, F. J .nes, E. W. Kirk, T. Longshaw, J. F. Melbourne, J. D. Owen. Arithmetic (Senior Commercial).—Seoend Class: J. S. Bate. (Junior Commercial) First Class: W. A. Clay, 11. S. Knowles, J. E. Knowles. Second Class: G. W. R. Babies, H. Cotton, B. H. Critchley,G. Fern,E. McGartv. Third Class: W. Burdett, D. Clarke, J. H. Gandy, T. Gandy, H. Greene, C. H. Longshaw, T. Longshaw, J. Scotson, J. S. Tilling. English (Advanced).—First Class: J. 8. Bate, C. H. Longshaw. Second Class: T. Gandy, H. Johnson. French (Commercial).—Second Class: T. H. Owen. (Literarv).—First Class : E. M. Kidd. Second Class : F. Wood. Third Class : F. M. Price. (Elementary).— Second Class : F. H. Laverock. Third Class: F. Fowler, C. W. Spinks. Spanish (Elementary).--First Class : J. Crank, F. Si mcock.

German (Literary).—Second Class : R. Sutton. Third Class : A. Cuppage, L. Hall, J. Milling, A. J. Sher- wood. (Elementary).—Second Class : A. T. Gonna/l. Third Class : M. Isaac.

Theory of Music (Advanced).—Second Class : J. Milling. Third Class : J. K. Broadhurst. (Elemcn- tary).—First Class : M. J. Jones. Second Class T. 13. Griffiths, M. J. McClew, E. E. Thompson, I. Thomp- son, E. M. Warburton. Third Class : J. H. Barlow,E. Hibbert.

Dressmaking.—First Class : A. Butterworth. Second Class : E. Critchley, E. Dale, J. Dawson, E. Gleava, A. H. Harding, A. Hayes, E. Haziedine, E. Podmore, L. Waring, A. Williamson, L. Woodier. Third Class : E. Ashton, A. Duckworth, N. Harding, S. E. Horobin, S. Penny, M. E. Pearce.

EPPS S EOCOLINE.—Cocos-Nib Extract (Tea-like).—The eh °least roasted nibs (broken up beans) it the natural Cocoa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely flavoured powder " Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it is now beneficially taking the place with many. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system, Sold only in packets and tins, by Grocers, labelled " James Epps and Co., Ltd, Homoeopathic Chemists, London." To be obtained ;n Warr- ington of W. Bamford ; Richardson & Sons ; Bowdon & Sons N. B. Per ; T. W. Woods and others in every district.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
"A SMALL SPOONFUL"

of BROOKE, BONDS' TEA is stronger and better than a big spoonful of other tea." That's a fact that countless thousands of good judges have found out for themselves. And if you also try the same COM- parison, you, too, will be surprised and delighted at the superb excellence of Our Tea. Yes. its BO stronZ. and BO celebrated for always giving a good" second- cup," that the thrifty Housewives of the North declare that a fourpenny quarter-pound packet of RROIKI3, BONDS' will go farther than a sixpenny packet of other tea. Just think of the saving and eatisfactoi in that means to you and yours in a year. And it's no trouble to get Our Tea, for we have

, . . . 0 C K AT 0 0 OAP•

"The most marvellous soap of the age for Lanmdry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Curesßheurn ad sm. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington, N.B. PRRCIVAL and Co. Sole Maker, F. L. BARTRLT Keynsham, Bristol."

===== 0002601_18950831_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS EVERYWHERE

and they sell it daintly done up in lemontinted- paper packets, bearing our signature and celebrated trade-mark of the double-triangle, and all sealed at our Headquarters. At

1/- 1/2,1/4, 1/8, 2/- 2/1 2/8 ALB

the prices suit everybody's purse.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17, PICCADILLY, 29. MARKET STREET }MANCHESTER

" TOBACCONISTS commencing" Ind. guide (259 pages) 3d TOBACCONISTS' Co.-186, Buston-toad,London. manager, Hr. MYERS Hat. 1866.

Braithsmite's Retrospect of Medicine says :—" Cadhury's Cocoa is an invaluable addition to our dietetic resource In the treatment of all digestive disorders."—Advt.

MAN GORED TO DEATH BY A BULL.

On Tuesday afternoon the Flintshire Comer (Mr. R. Bromley) held an inquest at Faenol Fawr Farm, Bodel- wyddan, touching the death of an old man named Edward Jones, residing at Ty Cuaf, Towyn, Abergele, who was killed on Monday under sad circumstances.— David Jones, 1, Gwloch-at., Llandudno, identified the deceased as his fatker,who was 74 years of age.—Thomas Williams, of Towyn,said on Monday morning about ten o'clock he was working in a ditch in company with the deceased. They would be about two or three fields away from Faenol Fawr. The deceased picked up a pikel and got out of the ditch to drive away a. bull which was standing at the edge knocking into the ditch the dirt which witness and deceased were excavating. The animal was roaring and appeared to be enraged. De- ceased commenced to poke at the bull with the pikel,and it backed for about twenty yards. The next thing he saw—everything happened so quickly—was the bull taking deceased on its horns and throwing him some distance away. Witness went towards the farm for as- sistance.—Peter Williams,son of the last witness,said he saw the deceased pricking the bull, It then rushed at him and knocked him down.—William Vaughan, Ty Twynch, Rhyddlau, said he saw the bull threw deceased into the air. It then rushed at him and tossed him into the ditch.—Police Constable John James deposed to dis- covering the deceased lying in the ditch on his face. He was in an almost nude condition,the clothes having been ripped off him. He was terribly bruised, and his ribs were smashed in. There was also a large gash across the lower part of the abdomen. The body was very much swollen.—Mr. William Owen, tenant of Faenel Fawr Farm, said the bull belonged to him. It nas not- more vicious than bulls usually were. The deceased no doubt enraged it with the pikel.—The Coroner, in sum- ming up, said fortunately such cases were very rare. From the evidence it appeared that deceased very foolishly, especially at his age, tried to drive away an enraged animal with a weapon that only seemed to in- furiate it the more,with the result that he lost his life.— The jury returned a verdict of " Accidentally killed by being gored with a bull."—Mr. Owen said he would take care that the bull was kept within bounds in tke future. He would like to state, however, as it had not come out in evidence, that the pikel points were covered with blood, which showed conclusively that the deceased had attacked the bull before it had attacked hiln.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL. MEETING OF THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND LOCAL TRADERS.

We understand that at the monthly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce held on Monday afternoon at Market-gate Chambers, the proposed arrangement be- tween Warrington Corporation and the Ship Canal Com- pany was fully discussed, and that a resolution was passed approving generally of the proposals submitted by the Rivera' Committee as the basis of settlement pro- vided that adequate security was taken for their fulfil- ment. The Council, however, suggested that having re- gard to the extent of the concessions which the town was making in reference to dredging, and in relieving the Canal Company from their obligation to construct a dock at Warrington they should be asked to remove the 240 tons limit on river, as well as on coast-wise traffic, and in case the Corporation are to undertake the risk of constructing a dock themselves,to allow them to partici- pate, upon some equitable basis, in any profit which might ultimately accrue therefrom. Various minor sug- gestions were also made, and it is understood that these will be communicated to the Rivers Committee at their next meeting. A committee of the Warrington Traders' Association met on Tuesday afternoon at the offices of Messrs. Green- all and Buckton, Horaemarket-street, and took into con- sideration the proposals of the Ship Canal Company. The proceedings were conducted in cantera,and the ulti- mate result of the conference was that the committee will arrange to confer with the Corporation as soon a?, possible.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HOITSEBREAKING BY BOYS.

EXEMPLARY PENALTY.

On Saturday morning at the Warrington Boron& Police Court before Mr. John Burgess (chairman), Mesas. John Fairclough and F. Monks, John Peter Hines, lop, Pierpoint-street, and John Bolton, 62, Pierpoint-st., both boys of 15, were charged with stealing from 96, Bewsey- road on Monday two ladies' bodices, the peoperty of Samuel J. Beaman, and also a gas bracket and pipe, and bunch of keys, the property of Mary Senior. Mr. F. R. Roberts prosecuted on behalf of Mrs. Senior, and stated that on Monday last his client, who lived next door to the house in question, formerly occupied by Councillor Beaman, heard a noise, and going rend to the back of the house saw that the window panes had been cut out of the scullery window. She got her keys and went in and saw the two prisoners at work in the kitchen without shoes or stockings on.a bundle contain- ing the various articles of apparel was on the floor ready to be taken away and the gas brackets were also placed ready to be conveyed away. Immediately prisoners saw her coming they attempted to eet out of the window—to pass through which they must have ex- ercised considerable ingenuity—but filled. Thev then turned round and rushed past her out of the front door and escaped.lnformation was given to Detective-Sergeant Monaghan who visited the house and found that prisoners had left their clogs and a cap behind, and it was by this means that Monaghan was afterwards able to identify them. Detective-Sergeant Mcnaghan said that he examined the premises on Monday afternoon and found the win- dow as described. On Tuesday night about 11.30 he visited the home of each of the prisoners but found that they were gone. On Friday night he again visited the houses and found them at home and brought both to the police station. Hines said that the clogs were his and Bolton confessed to owning the cap. When charged, Hines said they got through the window and went up- stairs and found the clothes and brought them down. Bolton said they did not take the gas bracket but found it in a cupboard. Mr. Roberts here mentioned that his client was cnIT anxious to protect her property and did not wish to press the case. If their worships would deal with the prisoners in a manner calculated to deter them from that kind of thing in the future he would be perfectly ccntent.

In Court prisoners said they went into the house after rags. The Chief Constable,in passing to the Bench the char- acter sheet et prisoners, said they were the terror of the neighbourhood,and seemei to have been banded together for some time. Cottage after cottage had been broken into and things taken but of no great value. Both had also stood before the Bench before. It was also explained that the clothes had been left in the house by Mr. Beaman wheri he left. The magistrates sent the prisoners to gaol for one month's hard labour each.

Thz Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STA ,1•4 Is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish '0 ••-ar- Itnen, e.c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. ru- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss?" From Mrs. —, Bradford r— "Dear 311,- Igm pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-O%llNi Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." it should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and SR., most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T CRITCALET. Blmkhurn. Ptontietor.—Adst.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -''.,.::"...

===== 0002601_18950831_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Cyaminer " A)alef!.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. 'owing under the following heads are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ORE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WAN . ED, APARTMENTS WAFTED, MONET WANTED, PECITIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three SIX s Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 6d ... Is 3rl ... 2s Od 27 ...... ...... Os 9d ... ls 10d ... 3s Cd 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2a. per insertion. -----

===== 0002601_18950831_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Bornesttt fterbantss, scr.

----- WANTED, GHNBRAL ; must wash ; two kept.-36. PAWL-STREET, Cheetham, Manchester.

_ WANTED a respectable GBNBRAL to wash and tooke 20 to 24.—BowEs, 9. Union Terrace, Cheatham Hill, Manchester.

, WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT. young ; no children ; I no washing ; wages £l4. 87, RUMFORD-STREET, C.-on-M., Manchester.

_ • _ ivANTED, strong active Girl, about 18, as General SERVANT in a small family.—Apply 32. BIBBY MOUNT, Bradford.

WANTED, Respectable GIRL, age about 18, is GENERAL ; must have good character.-46, FERN- DALE-ROAD, SMITEIDOWN-ROAD, liverpool.

- WANTED, good GENERAL, able to Vain Cook, w:sh,, and Iron, nurse kept.—Address Mits. EARL° Br New-road, Atherton. near Itanchester._____________

r_ENERAL C.teady, experienced), for entire work ; small 1,--A country house ; lady and little girI.—KNIGHT, 13. Marine Crescent, Deganwy, Llandudno

WASTED, GENERAL SERVANT, respectable, 18 to 25, able to wash and plain cook - must have good character.—Apply 5, ABBEY-GROVE, Eccles, Manchester.

WANTEu SITUATION as VALET or First Footman, thoroughly understands hunting and shooting things ; 3 Years good character.—J. W., Black Park, Whitchurch, Salop.

WANTBD, in Clergyman's family (two only), HOUSE- MAID with two years 'references ;would have to help In washing ; also Cooks and Oenerals.—REGISTRY, 37, Orme- st., Oldham.

WANTED, an active WOMAN to look after Farmhouse, able to wash and milk. No obj3ction to widow with child. Good home, good wages.—Apply PFULLIPS, 77, Mostyn-st., Llandudno.

GEOOI COACHMAN wants Situation, single lisndesl. ag 24. understands his duties, 1 year and 9 months' good references from present place —W. ff., c/o G ATKINS, UN., Egerton Park, Bock Ferry, Birkenhead.

-WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, age 18 to 25. Prot,at- V Y ant, able to wash, plain cook, and have good perional reference ; good wages to a suitable person, no youag child- ren.—Apply Mrs. R., 97, MULGRAVE-ST.. Liverpool.

NItALsBt and ifirvetAl LEIE NURSES.tii s 8 t 11T1718 FT I O:10,, A• tendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr ph.—" Nurses," Liverpool. 1 elephone 570

4,1 to be Let.

- COTTAGES, 22, Bd. per week.

I; lON STREW, SMALL WORKS in centre of town.

MARKET GATE.-3-Storey WAREHOUSE ; £l5. Suit Plumber Or Painter, Ac.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate.

29 BHTTERMARKET-STREET.—Large SHOP and Yard ; 255 —Apply Mr. ROBICRT LOWE, Estate Agent, Warrington.

QBQ HOYLE-sTREET.—Good 6-11oom HOUSE, newly decorated, its. per week.—Apply Mr. ROBEAT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate, Warrington.

A... 10 LIVIIR-STREET.—Large EIOUSE, suitable for lodging- house; 6s. per week.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, itate Ageat, .Qarket Gate.

15 PAUL-S IRBBT.—Good HOUSE, 4 bedrooms, sirle 9 entrance, &c.; £2o.—Appty gr. ROBERT LOWE, Matitte Agent, Market Gate.

•apply, ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

10 LRT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply ASHTO and WOODS. Solicitors, liorsemarket-st., Warrington.

7pOLET.—Good HOUSE, 37, Hopwood-street, 3 bedoooms _1 Apply ASHTON and WOODS, solicitor, Horsemarket-st. Warrington.

A HOUSE TO BR LBT, Leib Villas. Knutsford-roacl, Grapoennall, four bedrooms, rent £l7.—Apply JAMES Leigh Villas, farappenhaU.

ALDRiD,

MILWORTH MOUNT TO BE LET, opposite the Railway Station. Sandbach, two entertaining rooms, four bed- rooms. kitchen, &a—Apply Mrs. TATNALL, East Elworth. HI

:MISS TO LET. 126, Wilderspool-road, Warrington, 4 L bedrooms, drawing-room. dining-room, kitchen, winery, ae., rent £l6. Immediate possession.—Apply at 212, Wilderspool-road..

gTOCIETON HILITIL—Hauses composed of four bedrooms. k. 7 two sitting rooms, bath-room, we., kitchen, ollars, etc. Bent £l9 lOs Also good bays at ss. per week.—Bosrock, Wilderspool, Warrington.

TO BR LBT, Hanson Farm, situate near DPlph, Saddle- worth, and withiz 4i -niles of Oldham, contain ng in the whole 29 acres or thereabouts, good meadow and pasture land; farm and house buildings in good condition.—Api,ly BTIIOI,I, olackcote Mule. Delph, near Oldham.

_ To Bid MIT, Houses in CATHRRINEI •TIIRRAOR, RNUTSFORD ROAD. WARRINGTON. Bay win- dows, tront gardens, parlour, kitehea. seullery and 3 bed- rooms. Rent 6s 3d.—Apply Mrs. STIIIIIITP 165., Winwiek• st., Warrington.

7... Manta.

afIOOD TIMM INfl S AT ROM% by the Ilarrteon KnYtting A-A Machines.-43, UPPER BROOK-9 iticitT, 3:lambasts. r.

A tiENTS WANTED 0 push first elsss Maebineey Oils. Liberal Commission.-510x 31. Past Office. LP erpool.

AVANTHO 1101 HR RIINTS,and ACCOUNTS to Collet t.— J. WADswoirrs. Estate Agent. 119 Mersey-street, Warringt...n.

GHOOBRS' ALMANACS, 1596 —Active MAN AGENT may have good commivion throughout Lancashire.- -•nly JAus DILI{9 Co., Nottingham.

AGENTS Wanted to sell ••• Importer's Blend'• tet.Teas. Coffee ; splendid profits ; quick returns ; price list free, —Strom AND CO„ 171, Liunneth-w..lk, London. 9.9. (259 -

. g OBACOI )141-TS commencing. Gttid pages) 1 36.—TOBACC0M8Te CO., 186, Ruston-rot& I.olidOrt 51KM-fitters for ail trades.— Manager, fly. STEM, Bet. 1866;

AGPINTS WANTED by a Popular Friendly Society throughout Lancaaltre ; succesimi" men appointed District jManagers at early dates —Addreem in ccntidence, MANAGER, earn of FIELDING. 168. Frog UP. Wigan.

CIPF IL and Blectrilal Entrineering.—Vacancy for Pupil in kJ the Office of the Engineer and Surveyor to the Bar- mouth District Connell ; sewerage waterworks. ; prepara- tion tor professional examinations.—Address Mr. T. BLACK- BURN, civil engineer, Barmouth, North Wales.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
t ibt=gPtork, Scr.

TO BR SOLD.—BA CART MARL 16 hands, warranted good worker ; also spring Cart and Gears.—Apply 182, Pte TON-ROAD, Wavartree.

SORE'SHOuLDERS, SORE BACKS, Ste., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book tree from 61, Turnmill-Street. E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises trokea knees, tracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED In a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Coudy's Fluid. I.nted). Ir, makes the hair grow where subbe oft. Prices, n 7 le. ;20oz , 23. of all Chemists. -VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for y Curing ills. ages -A Horses, Dogs, Sic. from Cony's MID WORKS, 61. Turnrnill-street, London,E .C.

-- 6 KHATUPOWDBR."

"K • P BATING S OWDBR.

6: Tr

" BA,nNoPOWDFR K.

This Fowner, sO Cdebrated, is known as being perfectly unrivalled Indestroyina BUGS, FLHAS, MO f HS, Blarl E • , sad all Insects (while per,ectiv hltrmiess to all animal life). All woolens and furs should be well sprinkled with tl c Powder before placing away. To avoid disappointrnea Insist upon havmg..• Kenting's Powder." It is sold only in tins, and very genuine tin has my signature '• Thomas Keat;n/ ".n the lAbel. See rids to prevent being defrauded. d. 6d. is. 11....11.11GF11 . INS. -----17-61 1-.,-7--1.42%.11G811 - 9 II I Od. 6. ls. LA il. IROSA NS. 3d. 6d. 1. fl NIABOBR S. , r

===== 0002601_18950831_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
balts bp luttum.

BY MR. GEORGE JAMES HEALY.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

HOYLAKB Private Boarding House; sea air, golf; late dinner ; moderate terms ; week ends ; half-hour from Liverpool ; near links and statioo.--14, DRUMMOND-ROAD.

D AMSRY, ISLII OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-elate BO RD -1.11, I G ESTABLISHMBNT, facing sea; near pier; tennis courts, golf, ae. Table cl' Rote 7. Tariff.

2partments,lFurnisbtb II ottsto, Szt.

ISS BUMMER, Rydal House. 18, Great Marton-road, 11l Blackpool, near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

EADE'S GOUT & _RHEUMATIC PILLS DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF TUB CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable v, aim's. being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only do not contain any cieleterions ingredients, and may be vilola with nerfectsafety by old and young. DR. COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared on! by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWRL -ROAD LONDON, And seld everywhere n Tins Is each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or Pastel Order.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
'[HE AMINER SAT URDA Y AUG UST 31, 1895.

FURNISH AT WORSLErS, "THE PANTHEON. GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST .SHOW ON EARTH. FURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLO WS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED.

RESULT OF THE GENERAL ELECTION. The success of Lord Salisbury or the retntn to power of Lord Rose- bury. let Us hooe, will cause a ievival In trade. A strong Government with a working majority should reform abuses in trade, which require a strong remedy. We would recom- mend that extortionate rates of interest by money-lenders should be made illegal. Worsley's. of '• The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester, have proved conclusively that a large trade may be successfully carried on by means of Deferred Payments, that c -edit may be given to respectable buyers wishing to Furnish without charging a penny above the cash price charged for the goods. As the Pioneers of the high- Class Second-hand Furnishing Trade, they are ab:e to supply thoroughly good, sound, seasoned Second-hand Furniture at half the price of new, and gave credit in addition, thereby saving from 50 to 100 per cent, as contrasted with the Hire System. WORSLEY'S advertise lists of bargains earl' week, any of which may be had on deferred pnyments viitho.it a penny extra above the advertised cash price, and in addition hive a stock unrivalled in England of good Second-hand Furniture at "The Pantheon," a large and palatial warehouse in Gaythorn, where anyone and everyone is invited to inspect. If you wish to furnish on Deferred Payments write to Worsley's for a list of furniture about the price you wish to go to, and contrast it with the list you get elsewhere, then visit Worsley's. see for yourself the enormous o,a'erence in the value and quality. Worsley's can honestly give double the value over any competitor in the trade.

• rpHE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. I -I- -- COMPLETE HOUSES' OF FURNITURE. , Lot 1. Splendid House of Furniture, complete, the most I substantial lot In this city,. and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fulis carved In has relief • has comfortable couch end luxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table ton atch. extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs im patent castors; a handsome Per lan boreered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,flre brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; and last, whi,h is thrown in gratis and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adver- tisement, a handsome American walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style, to match the dining-room suite. The ; Bedroom Suite is solid Cypru wood ant is a suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and (man elled bedstead, with complete fittiogs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, Ac. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, ashpan, and top bar, floorcloth for kitchen, landing, and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 211 guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferred payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, if you don't there Is no harm done.—WORSLEY 'S. - -

Lot 2. A Splendid House of Furniture for £4O, solid oak and walnut, heavy massive furniture throughout, in capital ' condition, worth £BO, dining-room, two bedrooms, kitchen, ball stairs, and landing ; a great bargain. Lot 3. A workingman' House of Furniture for £l5 ; a splendid bargain. There is better stronger, and more furni- ture in this lot than many competitors offer for £3O. Lot 4. The best House of Furniture for £63 ever offered. Same quantity as Lot 2, but higher class, except that we are prepared, as an advertisement, to present a pianoforte with this lot or its value. This offer holds good for 14 days only. Lot 5. And last, but not least, we have a magnificent House of Furniture, deposited by the executors of a deceased gentleman. of Alderley, with us for immediate disposal. Price for the lot, £2OO. Contains superb furniture for draw- ing, dining. sitting, and three bedrolins ; kitchen, hull, stairs, landing ; besides sundries ; honestly worth £560, Full and complete particulars on application.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITU R LOT 113. A . remarkably handsome carved oak Dining- room Suite, in morocco, hair stuffed, bo'd, massive, ens! haddsome ; couch, two easys, six chairs, six feet sideboard. eight-feet dining table, fine bold overmantle, coal ca6inet, the lot complete for £45; worth £2OO. —WOKSLEY'S. Lox 212, A capital solid American Walnut Dining-room Suite, in best English Morocco, hair stuffed througout, the framework is 11. avy, magnificently car,ed in bas relief, consists of broad comfortab.e- couch, pair of luxuriously up- holsteredeasy chairs, a set of six high-padded back standard single chairs, all upholstered lid a rich wine-coloured Turkey grain Morocco, beautifully banded and studded, cost £7O ; price £l5 155., guaranted for 10 years. The sideboard is of mob a proportions, of modern design, well equipped with every modern convenience, early English design, fitted with broad deeply-cut bevelled edge mirrews of great lustre and brilliancy, cost £65, for 16 gait,- as. A massive handsome Din ng Table, £3 10s. ' cost £l2 10s., and Overmantle, which matches the sideboard, for £5 10s,. with £25. All the above ' in splendid condition.—WOßSLEY'S. Lod. 251. A heavy handsomely-essayed Dining Room Suite in Oriental saddle bags, a full suite of nine pieces, together wi-h magnificent couch and easy chairs; honestly worth £45, for 10i guineas.—WOßSLElUs. ' LOT 261. Excellent Spanish Mahogany and Maro •co Dining Room Suite, nine pieces complete; cost £sd, for 8 guiness..--WORSLEY'S.

Ov r 20) Dining-room Suites on view, from £2 to £500; over 200 Sideboards, from 355. to 100 guineas ; over 300 Dining Tables, from 15s. to £2O ; over 400 Ovtrmantlea. all shapes. styles, and 11iZ153, from 85. 6d, to £3O.—WORSLEY'S. Inspection invited.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNI- TURE. Lot 517. A pretty Drawing-room Suite, Chippendale, of unique design, being exquisitely carved and inlaid, forming a charming recherche suite, covered in delicate silk tapes. try. consists of suite, cabinet, overmantel. coal cabinet, and three occasional tables. The lot for £45. or will be sold separate. A great bargain; well worth £lOO. tot 521. Handsome Drawing-room Suite, carved. Empire- style splendid settee, two easys and six oc,asional chairs, in art shade of Gents velves, cost £60,. for £l5 15s. Cabin tto match Suite, cost £6O, for £l7 10s. Lot 526. Very excellegt Drawing-room Suite, cost £2O, for E 3 15s.

Ovrr 500 Drawing-room Suites and Cabinets on Show.

GREAT BARGAINS IN BEDROOM SUITES,

T 0t.7-59. High-class Second-hand Bedroom Suite.by Henry and bons, Spanish Mahogany, consisting of 7ft. Si anis!, mahogany wardrobe, rich in colonic, modern fittings, won( I; £75, for £3O. Pair of the handsomest stands to match in Manchester ;dressing table 51t., wabhatand 4ft. Sin. for 181 gnineaworth £95. _ _

ww:t greatly 11r onkti i7t. aganrldBl,ll:lAlif, gdbra.eananduvldtriaft7r:delf beautifully nefief carvedh eSudit einbs yii inside eT masterpieceohvida d: t. hroefirnlni Americandeofediirganncon- veniences. de Dressing table is mounted with large swing bevel- led mirror and jewel drawers. Washstand fitted with Carrara marble slab and back, three chairs, towel rail, and table de nuit complete, a very charming and effective suite ; price only 18 guineas ; worth trebIe.—WORSLEY'S. Lot 782. A similar Suite to Lot 791, same number of pieces for 10 gumeas ; cost £35. WORSLEY S. A wonderful bar- gain. Lot 793. A genuine Sheraton Bedroom Suite, 6ft Bln.,cost £250, for £59 15s. ; a real gem, worth seeing , first come, first served.—WORSLEY'S, Lot. tit& Maglilficent Second—hand Pollard 'Oak Betireom Suite. The handsomest Saito in Manchester. Fine massive wardrobe, the panels beautifully decorated in richly-fivired Wood. splendid crystal mirrors, dresing-table and washstand to match, very uniaue design ; three chAirs towel-rail, R n table de malt; very costly ; worth 100 guineas ; for £35; alone. Bedroom Suite, cost £75, by Dud- Wrd sonLoa, tEarvo9hi.e. worthßAlnim 5 L0t897. Spanish Mahozany Wardrobe, brea'r front projs cl- inglot centre door, with full length crystal bevelled mir-or. wings lined, bonnet drawers, four trays, thee long drawers , in centre, two large hanging compartments in the wings,very ' handsome, for £is 15s. ; worth £5O.

.11COND - HAND PIANOFORTES FOR SALE. SPLENDID INSTRUMENTS.

HALF MUSIC-SHLI BR-8' WORSLHY'S, GAYTHOHNH, ”ANCHRSTHH.

Lot 1. Magnificent Collard and Collard Up-ight Grand PIANOFORTE, £l5 ; cost £55. Splendid conditiOn. ` Lot 2. Very powerful tone PIANOFORTB, equal to new, by Pallingall. £6 10s. ; cost £35. Lot 3. Handsome Burr Walnut 'PIANO, by netting and Addison, far RS ; cost .£4B.—WOSSLEY'S. Lot 4. A great bargain in a Broadwood PLANO, £18; worth £5O. Lot, 5. Magnificent powerful tone Upright Geart4 PLANO- FORTE. by Hechling and Spangenborg, £3O : worth 90gs. Lot 6. Almost new Neumlyeer Full COTTAGE GRAND, £2B Agreat bargain. Lot 7. lirard COTTAGE. £35; cost £loo. WORSLE Y'

HALL PUTINITURR of fumed oak, consists of a very handsome hall stand, fitted with tat and ioverootit hooks of repouPse brass, also large bevelled mirror in centre, with square framed umbrella and stick holders, also two ball chair to match; the set complete £6 10a.. worth al— WORSLEY'S. Gaythorn,

AGNIFICENT Solid Oak C%linlePflßX, cost £3O, for iv £l2. American Desk, cost £2O. for £9 ; also Scotch Bureau, £B. Mahogany Bookcase,. Ttt., £lO, cost £5O. Milner's Ssfe, cost £2O, for £B. Thousands of Miscellaneous Barg:tins at WOBSLB 'S.

MISCRLLANROUS BARGAINS. Lot 82s, A solid mahogany Couch, in hair. cost £4„ for 158. Lot 834. Solid Mahogany Easy Chair, in hair, for 153. Cost £3. Lot 841. A fine solid mahogany Sofa, In hair, for 30s. Lot 853. A splendid mahogany Messer, with plate-glass sideboard back, beautifully designed. with shape bevelled plates, the handsomest In Lancashire, worth £25, for RI I los. Lot 854, A fine Mahogany Dresser, similar to lot 853, for £6 10s.; another £8 15s. Lot 921. A splenthd painted Dresser, all enolosed, seven drawers and cupboard and solid 2-Inch top, for £1 12s. Lot 935. A splendid polished Mahogany Dresser, with carved back, for Ed 10s. Any of the above on deferred payments.

WU. WORSLEY. • THE PANTHEON, GAYTHOIIN, MANCHESTER, Close to Central Station.) Open Every Day, 9to 7.

iflatbinetp, Sct., Inl I'4Pale.

I

===== 0002601_18950831_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
lEigrtllantaus.

AINTIQUR 131731NRSS for Disposal, owing to ill-health. with higk-cla,s connection ; successfully carried on for 36 years by WALTER BOSHELL, WOO ihouse-lane,Leeds.

fIOLF BALLS re-mane and guaranteed. Returned 21. per d z. Unbrrakable,lubs. the cheapest and best in the trade. Holecutters, tins, Sags, Ac.—Waaciorr, Musselburgh.

OSAL.% MANI7RE WORKS. Widnes. and Gas Works and Cotton Mill Derbyshire--Apply to J. }lemma, 16, Fenwie4 -street. Liverpool.

VOR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Prances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent—Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Union-at., Warrington.

rANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Calicoes. Prints IR Stuffs Velvets Cashmeres 9 Sidrtines, Ac., 101 b bundles, I heap. Price lists tree.—W. CLARKSON, Pent Mer chant, Swaine-et,. Bradtord, Yorkshire.

EXTRAORDINARY VA 1,1 A SOLID SILVRIt KUYLESS WATCH WORTH 25,- 18 OWEN WAY FOR 12/6. Alt hough 12/6 is only hilt the ; rico 1 guar- antee that it is a solid silver else, has a good jewelled movement anti keeps very good time The ordinary retailers' price for this watch is 25/-. Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad- dress and i will send by return, registertd, one of these real sifter keyless watches, for which you will be thankful. Mention this 13 per, and address— DIM e SIT, Wholesale Jeweller, 10, OHUROH-ST., LIVERPOOL

• _ ..,••••""7

===== 0002601_18950831_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
KEYLESS

wAica. 12/6

===== 0002601_18950831_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PGETABLE ENGINES, from 2to 8 h.-p. from £2O each ; also Bight Th-eshing Machines and Elevators ; Trae- tion Engines, Band 8 h.-p —Addre a FoLer Baos., Bourne.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TALK OF THE TOWN,

MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR HOLIDAY SUITS.

THE TALK OF TIIE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR WORKING SUITS.

THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS FOR BEST WEAR.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TALK OF THE TOWN,

- - , :MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BLACK, THE TALK. OF THE TOWNS MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS READY MADE.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TALK OF THE TOWN,.

MANCHEsTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS TO 31 EIS 1,7 R E

idE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCL ESTEE, CLOTHING DEPOT , ' FOR YOUTUS' SUITS ANY SHAPE.

THE TALK OF THE TOWN, AI AN CH EST tila C LOT N )EPOr Foil, BOYS' Suns, ANY SHAPE.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TALK OF T E TOWN,

MANCHES;VER CLOTHING DEPOT, FOlt THE LARGEST STOUR

TILE TALK OF TUE, TOWN, MRANO ESTER CLOTHING DEPOT volt IRK GREATEST VARIETY.

THE TALK OE THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING. DEPOT ToK SAILOR. SUITS FROM 2/11 THE TALK OF THE TOWN,

11/11INCUETER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR. MEN'S OVERCOATS.

TEE TALE OP THE TOWN.

ALIANCIIEsTER, CLOTIUNG DEPOT Felt: YOUTHS' OVERCOATS. THEE TALK. OF THE TOWN. - MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPoT FOlt BOYS' OVERCOATS.

ALL THE LATEST STYLES.

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND io HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

KIRKLAND BROS.

'BAKERS TO TIIE QUEEN,

, HAVE REMOVED FRoM THE TOP TO THE 130 T lONI OF BOLD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

KIBTLANDBROS.,

Purveyors to the Queen by Royal Appointment,

Have decided to use the FAMOUS GOLDEN ll' I EA. THIS TSA HAS INIIN SOLD AS HIGH AS £lO PER LB, And notwithstanding that the cost will he very great Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Tea Mer- chants, Held-street, Liverpool, have been lastructel to procure the Finest Teas in the market regardless

of expense.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1895._

TRH hanging of an Engllk :geer Am African Incident. named &ogee by a Belgia lap named Lothaire in the -- 'deots State _ is just one of those in 6 I i'sh• w h excite the indignation of EfiCqlaira 11. men all the world over.. Similar have al ;ay ve before now been the primary causes of 1 oie ruptures between powerful nations. In like ler ep sent instance there is, fortunately, no f re del! bnar r tge ooutbreakstw Stateit h is n not yooftt international a toeprenapanot isoiptnoi aow lne, rhrtoos atndili enteres • t ba 1.0 ath King LEOPOLD of Belgium is its figureheaido ll°°11:1 speak, and its affairs are for the most by Belgian officials,. the Belgi Gall ernment repudiates any responsibility in e°l3; nection with it. At the same time the Stat..a. administeredpa under sone sort of responsible government, a;ra the people of this country will expect Lord SAlloas BURY to investigate the whole of the circtsotro which led to the so-called "execution ofplø by a,Be/gian Major,and if need be to dernan° reparation for what seems to be, on. the it a gross outrage. All the information yet come to hand goes to show that d 5.143513 s - isposed of with the little ceremony that i„,8:1110 too often given the native negro by white A " a rice. Yet, according to all accounfoi he asf'ca man of Mark over a large part of éntr and as a trader on a large scale he might fefiroli the' regarded as a pioneer of civilisation in a par" warld which is greatly in need of civili fi uences. His career was in some respects an .0_ brl of teresting one and it certainly must have beat' ful of adventure. Mr. STOKES was natiL" e Ireland in which country his mother and -,..-"310. • other relatives still live, ani he originally Africa as a lay missionary of .the Church Nlissiellav Society. While acting as a missionary his s - fell a victim to the African climate, and after thtl.lss 1 Mr. STOKES seems to have severed ps•_.rYe. • official connection with the ffission Society, and commenced business 88. a trader. S'alo. • caravans cave been referred to by different .A-frishat , travellers, and it was generally understood t : fortatnrey's he had succeeded in amassing a large though in his letters to relatives la thi h s .cooals. did not enter. very fully into Pors°llal It is shrewdly suspected that it was his verY lare. cess as a trader that brought. upon himth°olicr geance of the Congo State authorities: P of of that State is piotectionist in the worst sells oee the word. It is not satisfied with favourillgt it it class of traders as against anether bwitli, Endeavours to suppress all private enterprise,' . view to securing a State monopoly of trade', a is easy, therefore, to understand that a me •cas Mr. Srox.Es%influence and extensive connectl . 11° would be a thorn in the side of officials 11,401,- expected to provide dividends for those w'lei-o a ' ploy them, and that in fact itself wouleit, his constant inducement for them' to sse.'ther.• all°,ocle• removal upon one pretext or The charge which, it is understood, was rll to against hint was that he had sold fire'eied his j native tribes,.but even upon a charge oft seros which is, it may be admitted, -,:egarded as a vo. one by all European authorities in .A.fricoi. h°of a CO entitled to a regular trial in the pressilt, British Consul. As to the kind of 641 calved some ,idea may be folmed from the fo ing extract from a Belgian iournal. This tll,rrogas- the "Le Soir of Brussels, states that IVlr. had 140 regular trial, and that a Dr. 1%11°11°v: was was attached to Major LOT3IAIRE'S expedit'ea- adds tested strongly against the executiDn,.and 7 the. the following :—" Towards four o'clock 'emajer morning Dr. Micueux nose and begged 10 , as LOTHALIiII to tell him where the prison' wwpr order that he might speak to hirti'JliS LOTHATZB thereupon led the doctor outsl;- °e;eg - tent and showed him &Ames' dead, bodY from a bamboo top., Dr. Mfon.all. °,lll-been pressed his strong disapproval of what % la ta done, and demanded to be conducted 13'100 Stanley Pool, stating that ho would not minute longer with the expedi6°° leY LOKRAIRE granted. the doctor am escort to- P" Falls, where he remains." This extract lotioce°ol , ma strong light the high-handed math° froct which STOKES has been the victim, arui t13,..e et, this will not be lessened by the statements t"i" his Poor ry, 'British trader was inveigled into the Beh;itin executioner by a gross act of tresellao" and that after. his death all his propertY e/35 fiscated. ,

trader

" Women on an.I........min••••••••••••••••••••..-- i t e wheels!, able amount of writing n -- A newspapers and the magazine° "0 Tam is the subject of a considehr the present time, and, in fact, there could be rl.ii wore striking example of the rapid changes f ,lb k s h ion and opinions than the manner in whie women have within the last half d°° years aci°r ted cycli.g as a pastime and recreation. Pi Al' Aull nR. PENNELL, a piomeer cyclist l aro"ng; dies, gives some interesting details in - Lonaon contemporary of her earlier 015' periences on the wheel. It is now, she OP, Iform for a woman not to bicyole, but elo"" nl4 ' ago to take her seat even upon the eminently erect and and decorous tricycle was to risk btf branded as a social outcast. Sho herself firSt CYC. t , forth in the spring of 1884 on a road leading on_ of Philadelphia, and notwithstanding theabsoluvu orthodoxy of her dress her proceedingg were °I: garded with horror and disapproval, ganY PeeLvil,o at that time had grave doubts vvhother cycling .:5. even fit for gentlemen, to say nothing 0f ladle° were not °oat In England her experiences whit more encouraging. When venturing oa for a ride "I had," she says, (first to run

I

gauntlet of the cabby's jibes and j•2ers ; I had to challenge the 'bus driver's all too eager attention. : If no more affectionate greeting than 'Go it '' Louisa ' or similar light pleasantry, were hurled ', after rne, I had cause to congratulate myself. To l'each the country was not to he through with the ordeal wits still waylaid me, though now at more oecasional intervals, and their witticisms, as like 1.,1.8 lot, took the form of bricks." In France and , 'talY the attentions which were bestowed upon ' the lady cyclist were quite as embarrassing. The . Italians in the towns and villages passed through " 11144 to turn out en masse to escort the tandem, ' and a climax was reached at Rine when the cycle 1.4(1 its riders were arrested and marched off by ZW° gendarmes with drawn swords and escorted .. ','7 all the loafers of the locality. In France the 'taulfestations of public curiosity were just as lr, Oounced, and in some instances hotel keepers PlaYed their opinion of the daring innovator by ellBi,c)clug their doors upon her. But now all is I._°"anged. In France the " woman bicyclist in . rickerbockers is as familiar a feature of the uatt(lscaPe as the poplars by the wayside," and in i 7,Oland, according to the writer oi the article, i ~..the Woman determined to be thought correct :cold as lief draw in her sleeves or take a reef in as live without herbicycle." 1 i lite Crewe bench of licensing magistrates again 1:tle. k to their guns on Tuesday on the question of , %tied houses." They renewed the licenses of all free houses," but they adjourned consideration ; th tt"e aPplications for the' tied houses " in ordar : t. theY might inquire as to the nature of the r ivraente that the tenants were under. The laid down some wholesome doctrine, which of Crewe in announcing the decision of the 249 vi:rt to be acted upon much more extensively than / k:I hY licensing magistrates. He declared that /,' iieneY thought it against the public interest that a bo'4Bel house should be occupied by a tenant aard dovin by such conditions as to rents, prices, aotile like, as to make it impossible that he ula live,, "Y fair end legitimate means make a decent c ilhood.” He added that " the condition in some Ingti eeolents which enabled the owner to deter- the tenancy if the tenant did any act which d. °a Mere; opinion of the owner was likely to en- 71:,cgier the license, the bench thought an improper Rr.iticc." The Mayor also requested that the 5d houses between the owners and tenants of the „I:looses should be deposited for inspection by 30,, .4aßistrates at least one week before the d- urued sessions.

101. 'jBsn r .aspector-General's report on bankruptcy °4 which has just been issued, there are some taarltable failures enumerated. One of the most nr, 4"artli h ts is that of a peer of the realm, whose name a "clt given. his liabilities amounted to the magni- cant aura of .£254,015, while his assets were ex- lo/aated to realise—,£4. This peer hal at one time :11°M between three and four thousand pounds 132;ettr as a director of public companies, but his kl;ilass qualifications may be estimated from the h. 'arnent that he kept no accounts except bank bo h °-8, and that he was " unable to remember important matters connected with his liabili- -144' But being a peer he is naturally let down bY the Inspector-General. The remarkable so-t"l'itY to balance exprnditure with income was s.b.: We are told, due to fraud, but to an" over-san- 00'-'as temperament, and a rash and hazardous 4 tlree of speculation in schemes of which he was ttl)Pareutly unable either to appreciate the charac- -4Z or control the management." Two ex-Army Cla cars have also won special distinction in the tienitruPtcY line. One of them failed with liabili- othetrilaf:inlenc'tilato £639358 an n's''" nil ; and the 42,658 and no assets. SHOULD WOMEN WEA.R KNICKERBOCKERS ?

SOME STRIKING OPINIONS. "..a.ltational Dress Question is at the present moment IstrnralY f!xercising the minds of Parisian lalies. Cycling altirt,:n (It all classes of society, wearing ample divided ,or knickerbockers, may be s i een not only n the IttaiTitlnoulogne but on the boulevards and in all the rr!ughfar'es of the French capital. Not content 1-tr'ng this Cycling costume when riding their oorses ('ass the Paris correspondent of the strirlaf) ;very large number of them walk about `ialeathus attired, go shopping, and sit at the k,.,48 on the boulevar ie. It was reported some lait that the Prefect of Police had determined to ttßitherTp to this practice. But it appears that he has prati,,Oe intention nor the right t.) interfere. A woman albiteciTted from wearing male attire, as a man is pro- Olfl donning female dress. But the woman's r"11 dells;e,•,nsturne, which may be called masculine, cannot -.oa -"ad as man's dress. Without some n-w legisla- trh °fa the • -111 Point women cannot, therefore, be prevented r. The earlag it. riTAR, question is being heatedly discussed in k the Paris selat, and the " Gaulnis "has ebtained the opinions of 1" keit)tia las Sarah Bernhardt, Madame Severine, Madame „,taal,nl,the Opera) lleladlle. Brandes (of the Comedie and Madlie. Eugenie Buff-t (a cafe concert 4,4a4:l„.ataneatit SARAH BERNHARDT'S VIEWS. c'iide(l"`s.l3ernhardt admits that the knickerbocker, or 4 tei, Ant, may %Ply taint' be convenient, and even necessary, rgurnstances. But except in such extraordin- ,;ass wingencies, all her instincts an I all her prefer- 'l44 t."‘tad in favour of the long skirts. She adds : tlstt4ta not the pith of the question the use of the hicy- thtkantobi.,,Y;an'nen ? I thing the use of the bicyclette is iltaner,-,dng Our manners and customs more profoundly -""3 generally think. All those young married Rind u,,54 girls who ride about on bicyclettes a considerable portion of their is Ido not know whether the physical inter- L'tirsi„,-uneiently i important to jastify our neglecting i'sl,,d3' etPe.. moral pnitt of view'. It is Said in a healthy rule. trln,,,t to tileatta a healthy mind. ThThereare many excep- t° nen, a Rain. is it so completely acle- k.t.th, h'e that the 'cyclttfe presents no d,s.idvant a_ •es eat% lo of the body or the nerves ? But he that Moral consideration should carry the day- 'nioll that the outdoor lifo encouraged by the Inay have dangerous and very grave cones- Since you speak to me of the onstume,do it Very extraordinary that such a rage bielat among so any women for that masculine httl me decorative. dress ?" h adarn„, ADAMB MELBA'S ABHoRRENcts. Lt'etti seSrine thinks that so far as la correction is (for ttr, no objection can be taken to the costume. '..e:legatiee of the cycle-woman's attire, it IS -44, in her opinion, becoming. But Madame ?flfesses :—" lam fond of the hicrclette,and.! but dressed in a skirt—always in a skir, Still lilt, itail t .3a showed herself extremely averse n any. tass tnelterbockers for ladies. She declares:—" _ _ j costume for women. It is ugly, and ij: 010 Of! the stage never consented to wear It. I lettlle,4 never wear it, without, however, blam- ' for'.eetresses who have not the same dislike as I rtmit• That'will explain to you how wounded I attistic and femimine preferences when I see thZis,.theniselves up as they do. Moreover, rest ltin,".lcYelette, for which I confess I have no er SimPiv a pretext.. It is muchless for , sijraivenience than for more mysterious reasons is Sacrificer/ to the ample breeches." th. "a. BRUTAL GARMENT." k,"';3-'ettf3 cies has no opinion to express on the birtis'''elf nor on the costum i o to which t has She does not• indulge in " that sort of ' Rra. "4, nt therefore appreciate neither its advani- „:ta disadvantages." But as a woman an -"" The full knickerbockers or dnuh,e , ps,":`elito me seldom acceptable. It is a brutal "leh is " noble boften ridiculous. How can a woman.tearing which a thythisie,al stop iziVea "' long skirt ?" M.dlle. Eugenie rliffct ‘-vele`to, arid very sorry to Rut she declares she would ewer. less 8." '— Me that either tii-dit or flawing breeches lock hieh for part I li4)11." to have:" ' w nein.. q iaAtinnni as to what i'll'ivears when ridint; her hicyclette, the hcly sitnnleSt and most feminine of c'sturnes— j,;:t hoOice, with roar-caloiired front, weh /'kiu. descendin .{ to •he ankles, and hla'K. n.l Sometime, le nn v hicyclette dressel 13..; walking-dro,a cu • shorter. T,at graceful t'i,o the 41 rave costume', or islich a reeiment in the B mis do Ilnlogns the wind, the gir,rl-, which fl .as wittiui .4 t 5 14,1_ the hicyclete, sugg T ^e the idea of skimming the 'he person thus apparently

Dig%

De,„,

h

t,,,,._ SiN h,

',P cliitanrA thf, id• ten,— ut ffort, A h.l tho —.tots Woniatt.o.

4

tP•t# ktici 411(Ntie,1 '4tt°P. the oft_ ktl f‘, (#et kqisn , et,it,o9 11.44 Ity Ri#,' ' Als .# • di*. ve !"

1111b.:'"Y ^tll, 't• po,4ero, -1‘ aN. :!th n „f(it, • )kOt•tk• 101, It%

1 •

===== 0002601_18950831_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

D RUNKENNEER. At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning be- fore Mr. F. J. Norman, a well known Runcorn character named Harriet Baxter, was charged with being drunk in Church-st. at eleven o'cleck the previous n•ght. P C. Kendrick proved the case, and in default of pa% ing the fine of 10s. and costs, which was imposed,she was com- mitted to prison for 14 days. ACCIDENT TO A SHIP CARPENTER AT RUNCORN. A serious accident betel the carpenter engaged cin the Bolivia, at present moored at the Runcorn lay-by. It appears that on Saturday he was on the middle deck when a log from the upper deck tell upon him, knocking him into the hold. Dr. McKenzie was called in, and that gentleman found him suffering from a severe scalp wound and a broken arm. FINE APPLE GROWING NEAR RUNCORN. Three excellent specimens of the Lent Suffield apple are at present in the possession of Mr. H. Darlington, of the Railway Hotel,Runcorn. They have been grown by his son near Overton on young trees and they weigh on an average, one pound each. A photograph has been taken of them for reproduction in an illustrated garden- ing journal.

PICNIC FROM RUNCORN. The teachers of the Nelson-st.,Wesleyan Mission School and the choir at Camden Wesleyan Church had their annual picnic on Saturday. They were conveyed in Messrs. Yarwood's waggonettes to Sutton Hall, where they were joined by the Sutton Weaver choir. A num- ber of games were engaged in. The proceedings were varied hay the singing of glees and anthems, under the conductorship of Mr. S. Bazley. Mr. John TemperieV presided at the piano. During their stay, to a was par- taken of, the tables being presided over by Mrs. Lowe. Mrs. Bazley, Mrs. Lovett, and Miss Harrison. On the preposition of Mr. J. Bazley, seconded by Mr. A. Harri- son, supported by Mr. Lambert, and Mr. Nichnlas. a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. and Mrs Lowe, who had entertained them for a number of years. A most enjoyable time was spent. A WELL-KNOWN CHARACTER FROM WARRINGTON. Martin Lyons, a hawker of Warrington, whose ap- pearances at Warrington. Runcorn, and other police courts have been numerous, was again an occupant of the prisoners' dock at Runcorn Police Court,on Tuesday, this time charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street. Runcorn, the previous day. From the evidence adduced it appears that the attention or the police was called to the prisoner by a magistrate, and owing to Lyons' disorderly conduct he had to be lea kad up.—P.C. Ellis and Sergeant Gill stated the case and in- formed the Bench that the prisoner was very drunk.— Inspector Hicks said they bad 34 recorded appearances before the magistrates against the prisoner. A fine of 403. and costs or one month's imprisonment with hard labour was inflicted. The magistrates were Mr. P. Speakman and Mr. E. unison. THE SAD SCALDING FATALITY AT RUNCORN. Mr. J. E. Worsley held an inquest at Runcorn Police Station, on Friday afternoon, relative to the death of Calvert Grisdale, 11 months old, son of William Gris- dale, 12, York-at.' Runcorn. Mrs. Grisdale was the first witness called and stated that on the evening of the 20th inst, she bad the child under her right arm, and on her lifting a kettle from the fire, the baby laid hold of the handle of the saucepan and upset it. The pan con- tained boiling water and onions, and the child was scalded c n the back with the contents. She ran into a neighbour's house with it, and some vaseline was put upon its back. It was not very badly scalded, but the child died on Thursday at noon. It was attended by Dr. McLennan's assistant. —Mrs. Read gave evidence as to seeing,the child after it had been scalded, and to putting vaseline on its back.—Dr. Gilchrist said hems called in to see the child on Tuesc ay night about nine o'clock. He attended the child until its death on Thursday. Shock was the cause of death, consequent on the scalding. A verdict of "Accidental death ' was returned. TEB NAVY MISSION—PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN. About fifty workers and friends assembled at the Mariner's Church, Irwell-lane, Runcorn, on Monday evening to bid farewell to Mr. G. Sutton ho is leaving Runcorn for Maesteg, S. W to labour in'the Navy Mis- sion Society. Owing to Mr. Sutton's successful work in Runcorn he has been placed. on the society's staff of missionaries without undergoing any term of probation. The meeting was presided over by Mr. W. Shaw,mission- ary, and during the proceedings he called upon Mrs. Foster to make a presentation to Mr. Sutton. It con- sisted of a writing desk, and in presenting it, she said it had been the unanimous wish of all present that they should show in a tangible form their esteem of Mr. Sutton.—Mr. Sutton, in acknowledging the gift, said no one could have had a more zealous and willing band of workers. He hoped they would still carry on the work of the Mariner's Church.—The Chairman afterwards made some appropriate resnarks,and referred to Ws early career in the Mersey Mission work.—Mr. D. Smith spoke of the changes which had taken place in Runcorn since the commencement of the Navvy Mission in that place seven years ago. nab was the third occasion on vhich they had met to shake hands with members who were going to be missionaries. There was no doubt that the society's work at Runcorn had been a groat blessing and of a lasting character. It was gratifying to know that both Mr. John Langley and Mr. John Dew who had been connected with them at Runcorn were successful in their mission work.—A pleasant evening terminated about ten p.m. THE LATH MR. WILLIAM HOWARD,—TII FUNERAL.

The remains of the late Mr. W. Howard of Victor a- road, Runcorn, were interred in Runcorn Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. 'As a mark of respect,a large num- ber walked in procession from the deceased's late resid- ence to the Cemetery. In the forefront there were the following members of the local branch of the Amalgam- ated Society of Shipwrlghts i—Messrs. Henry DAIS (secretary), John Haddock, J. Taylor, R. Iddons„ E. Peck, sen., E. Peck, jun., It. Edwards, A. Ravenscrott, Albert Clare, J. Curzon, J. Bowyer, G. Hitchmough, M. Jones, J. Barton, J. Flitchen, J. Gresty, C. Lncas, Isaac Clare, Arthur Clare, William Hulse, William Littler, J. Shaw, P. Shaw, J. Marsh, William Pendlebury, J. Rowlandson, S. Boyce, J. BirkAt, William Dunbabin, J. Sayles. J. Owens. J. Pickstock and A. Brereton. risen came the coffin, borne by Messrs. S. Joynson, William Joynson, R. Cross. ,J. White, R. Stubbs and A. Stubbs. After it walked Masters John and W. Howard (sons), Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes (brother-in-law and sister),Messra. William and Robert Rhodes (nephews), and- Mrs.Kiliglit (sister),Messre.Ditworth,Catterall,R. Dilworth, W. How- ard, F. Spence,G.Needham,A.Needham,E.Turner, J.Rat- cliffe,Lee, J. Tickle,C. Pownall,Scragg,J. K. Diggesaolin Littler (officials of the Parish Church), F. Rutter, J. W. Goodwell and W. Ridge. The procession first proceeded to St. Michael's Church where a portion of the funeral service was gone through. The officiating clergy- men were the Revs. Canon Wool and H. B. Firth. Thero were also present a number of - members of the Parish Church choir, of which the deceased was formerlyaa member. In addition to the conductor, Mr. James Littler, there were Messrs. H. Branch, Clare, Cay- gill, Pennington, Key, Jordan, Roach, and about 20 choir boys. Psalm 39 was chanted, and the large con- gregation joined in singing the hymn commencing "When our heads are bowed with woe." Mr. Johnson presided at the organ. At the grave side hymn 499, "The resurrection morn," was sung. On the coffin were a number of wreaths contributed by the widow,the Run- corn Parish Church choir,Mr.J.Littler,Mrs. Rtß.des Mrs. Turner, Mr. E. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. Spence, Mr. ana Mrs. A. Needham, Miss Sewell, Mrs. A. Maitland Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Tickle. Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher, Mr. and Mrs. G. Needham, Miss Sant, Mrs. R. Peacock, Mr. and Mrs. Catterall. Tne undertaker was Mr. M. Sweetman. —On Sunday morning the Rev. Canon Wood, preaching at the Parish Church, made a touching reference to the death of Mr. Howard, who, he said, had been a member of the choir for many years—in tact from his early boy- hood. He fulfilled his duties with consistency acid at- tention, and carried out the true idea of what a servant should be. THE OPENING OF THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. Saturday next promises to be a red letter day in the history of Runcorn as the new Technical Institute will that day be formally opened by Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., M.P. Prior to the opening ceremony there will be a grand procession through tile principal streets of the town. It will commence from Greeuway-road at three p.m. prompt and proceed down High-st., Bridge,. st., to Halton Crane.and then back again to the Technr- cal Institute via Church-st. and Waterloo-road. Mr. G. H. Kirkham will be the marshall and he will be accom- panied by Superintendent Atherton. The volunteers with their band will be at the head, closely followed by the members of the le,re Brigade with their engine, and also members of the local branch of the St. John Ambulance Association. The trades' societies accompanied by sa-eral bands will follow, and will be succeeded by the various friendly societies in the town. They will assemble in Regent-street,Bridgewater- street and vicinity, and thence proceed over Waterloo Bridge, along Shaw-street to Greenway-road where they will join in the procession. At a meeting held on Satur- day it was decided that they should take the following order :—Manchester Unity ef Oddfellows ' • Ancient Order of Foresters, Grand United Order Oddfellows,Siint of Temperance, Rechabites, Irish Foresters. The societial were represented at a meeting as follows :—Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, Mr. E. Key. Messrs. Groom and Dudley were unable to be present. Shepherds, Messrs. Rhodes ; an 1 Grand United Oddfellows, Messrs. W. J• Holt, W. Moston, G. Hazlehurst and W. Massey : Sms of Temperance, Mr. T. Cooke; and Ilechabitri, Messrs. Richardson and Warburton. The rear will he bronght urn by Sir Jelin T. Hriinner ena.pany eoulicators iitid other Local gentlemen who will join in the procession at the conclusion and the lonei t., he 'held in Greenway-road Primitive Methodist tw.hcoiroom. C n arrival at VIO Technical Ltstiture—the procession is estimated to nr-cnbv shout an hour, Mr. E. Duism, J.P., chairman of the Urban Council, will presect Sir John with a key with which to open the (16,0 r. An illuininared sddress will then be presented to him be Mr. Wiswail, chairman of , the Technical Instruction Committee, and Sir John will make a few r-rnarlcs. g free concert wid be given in the Itustituto in the evening. The svlls tails for the forth- coming cession has been araanrrerl and may be bought at the library. An excellent staff of v•iieller4 has been engaaed, and provided sufficielit !moils can be found, classiis will he formed in COMiIIerCIAI,Se:CUCe. art aod other subjects.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' -

.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1895

A RUNCORN MISSIONARY ON FURLOUGH.

The pulpit at Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn, was on Sunday occupied morning and evening by the Rev. F.C. Salkeld, vicar of Arsonal, Bengal. The rev, gentleman, who is the s.cond on of Mr.W. F.Salkeld,of Heath-road, Runccrn, has come over for the purpose of recruiting his health,which was being seriously affected by his labours in India. He is well known by Runcornians,and for some time was assistant to Dr. Robinson, Many of his old acqqaintances went to hear him preach on Sunday, and his discourses were greatly appreciated. PICNIC TO CHESTER.

The members of the Bethesda Christian Endeavour Society had a picnic to Chester on Wednesday. About thirty left Runcorn shortly after ten o'clock in a wagon- ette supplied by Mr. Yarwood. Alter a most pleasant drive they arrived at the ancient city About noon. Dinner was partaken of, after which the party took a steamer for E.;closton Ferry. Here they spent a few pleasant hours in rambling through Eaton Hall Park, and after- wards had tea. Runcorn was again reached soon after ten o'clock, all having thoroughly enjlyed the outing. The play was accompanied by the pastor (the Rev. J. Simpson. DEATH OF MRS. BAZLEY.

Many will regret to bear of the death of Mrs. Bazley, wife of. Joseph Bazley, of Vine-street, Runcorn, which areured somewhat suddenly on Wednesday evening. She had attained the age of 56 years, and was a native of Runcorn, being a daughter of the late Mr. James Yates. She was formerly attached to Bethesda Congregational School, hut after marriage she joined the Wesleyan hodist Society. Forsome years she was a class leader at Camden Wesleyan school, and on relinguishing this she engaged in various duties connected with the insti- tution. She was well-known in the town, especially in Wesleyan circles. During the early part of the week she became ill and died as stated from affections of the heart.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB RACE.

In connection with the Runcorn Cycle Club, a ten mile race over High Legh course was held on Saturday aft-rnoon. Nine members participated, and the three prizes to be competed for consisted of first,a gold medal ; second, silver medal with gold centre ; and 3rd, cycle stand. A btrong head wind was blowing at the time and this was not at all favourable to good racing. The first prize was captured by W. Stubbs, his time being 41s minutes. H. Smith was second and T. Grounds third, and S. Miles made a good fourth, the three cyclists com- ing in aim lst abreast. The judges were Messrs. T. Kirkham and J. Draper, and the starter was Mr. W. Wis wall. VOLUNTEERS AT CHURCH. The members of the Runcorn companies of the Earl of Cheater's Regiment attended divine service at the Parish Church, Runcorn, on Sunday morning. They marched from their headquarters headed by their brass band,and amingst those present were Colonel Ashton, Captains Harrison, and G. F. Ashton ; Lieutenant Brundrit, Quartermaster-Sergeant Hankinson, CoLour-Sergeant Poole. There were also seven sergeants, 58 rank and file, and 24 members of the band. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood preached an appropriate sermon. On returning to the Drill Hall, Colonel Ashton expressed his regret that the members had not mustered in stronger force. He congratulated those who had attended upon their smart appearance, and referred to their success at camp.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT.

Over io-ri.e---ThO'irs-an-d- scholars attending the Parish Church Sunday Schools, Runcorn,had their annual treat on Wednesday afternoon. Amongst those who accom- panied the scholars were the Rey& Canon Wood, H. B. Firth, and F. C. Moyle, Mr. Jordan and Mr. John Littler (superintendents of the boys' school) and Mrs. Tonks (girls' school). They proceeded by traiß to Frodsham, and thence walked in processional order to Overton Rill where the afternoon was spent in an enjoyable manner. Sports and racing were indulged in for privs. In the unavoidable atsence of Master Wood, the Rev. H. B. Firth presented the prizes. Tea was provided in the rooms of Mrs. Parker Hooiret at Mersey View. Runcorn was again reached aboutgr.3o,all having greatly enjoyed themselves. Ovgar..AviNoes CHILD AT WESTON.

Mr. J. E. Wora4 helciaiiWo;si at the Oak Inn, Weston, on Thursday morning into the circum- stances attending the death of a child, six days old, daughter of Jane Weodhead, of 7, Riley's Row, Weston. —The sister of the mother stated that it was apparently all right on Tuesday morning, and she took it upstairs ,)1, about ten o'clock to its mother will ,II asleep, and on awakrning found that the child's 'f ,presented a singu- lar appearance.—lsabella Best wh 'wall present at the birth of the child was called .oiit and pronounced the child to be dead. It was a healthy child.—Dr. McDougall deposed that he had made an external examination of the body and in his opinion death was due to asphyxia or overlaying. It was due tothe reprehensible practice of mothers allowingltheir children to be with them. After the clothes got over it, a few minutes were sufficient to cause death. There were no marks of violence or ankthing beyond overlaying, which caused the death of the child.—The Coroner commented upon the habit of mothers having their children in bed with them. He said they ought to have a crib or lay the little one upon the pillow or outside the bed clothing. So long as mothers would have them covered up in bed with them, there would be such cases to inquire into A verdict that the child was accidentally overlain in bed whilst with its mother was recorded. • THE RECENT CYCLE PARADE.

A meeting in connection with the Runcorn Cycle Club was held on Thursday evening at the headquarters of the club for the purpose of considering the balance sheet of the recent parade. Mr. W. Shaw (missionary) pre- sided and there was a good attendance of cyclists. Mr. H. Wright presented the financial statement from which it appeared that the amount collected was £4O 123. 7d. which together with the sale of programmes and adver- tisements brought the total receipts to £46 7s. 71. After moeting all expenses there was a balance in hand of £4l 10. 101. The balance sheet was adopted, and it Wai decided that the balance in hand should be divided eqoally between the National Lifeboat Institution, and the Runcorn District Nurse Fund. Votes of thanks hav- ing been passed to the treasurer and secretaries the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDNES ELOPEMENT.

At Liverpool Counts' Quarter Sessions, on Tuesday, William Rutherford (33): barber, WAS indicted for hav- ing at Widnes, on the 3011 July, stolen a quantity of household furniture, belonging to Nicholas Farrell.—Mr. Formby, who appeared for the prosecution, said that at the time or the alleged theft the prisoner was lodging with the Farells in Wareing-street, Widnes. It appeared that Farrell left his home about 1.30 on the after- noon of the 30 h July, leaving his wife and the prisoner in the house. When he returned home from work at ten o'clock at night he discovered that almost the whole of the furniture had been taken away, and that his wife and the lod,g,r had disappeared. In so many worth, counsel added, the rrisoner was charged with having eloped with Mrs. Farrell. The husband informed the police of what had occurred, and afterwards, accom- panied by a constable, he went to a house in Titch- tield-street, Liverpool. The police officer went into the house, and there found Mrs, Farrell. The greater portion of the stolen furniture was also there. Prisoner was in an upstairs room, where subsequently a Teat honk was fcund, made out in the prisoner's name.—Dr. Commins for the &fence, contended that the furniture was the property of Mrs. Farrell, and denied that any- thing in t'ne nature of an elopement had occurred. Mrs. Farrill, not being comfortable with her husband, re- moved to Liverpool, and prisoner stayed there simp'y as a lodger.—Mrs. Farrell gave evidence on oath to this effect, and denied that anything improper had taken place between herself and the prisoner.—The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was sent to prison for three months.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LICENSING SESSIONS.

These annual sessions were held at Recorn on Mon- day morning. The bench pf magistralfs consisted of Messrs, John Brundrit (chairman)4P, Speakman, James Handley, e. J. Norman, Thomas RiOaY and E. Imison. Superintendent Atherton in spbmitting his annual report stated that there were 44 licensed victuallers, 53 beerstllers, and 4 others who sold off the premises, the total 101, givicos an average of 2510! the population to each license. One licensed victualler had been pro- ceeded against during the year and convicted, as com- pared with none dealt with last year. One beerseller had been proceeded against and not convicted; in the previous year no beerseller was proceeded against. 111 persons had been proceeded against for drunkenness, 100 of whom wore convicted, as compared with 174 pro- ' ceeded against and 153 convicked during the previous year • being a decrease of 63 persons proceeded against aid 63 persons convicted. , .. o objection being raisth to the followilik transfers by N S perintendent Atherton, they were confirmed by the Magistrates :—Fleetwood Arms, Church-st., Runcorn, from Alfied Chaplain to Alfred Craddock; Mersey Vaults. Mersey-st., from James Hughes Percival to Samuel Houghton ; Bridgewater Arms,lHilbert-st. from William M. Williams to Richard Jones ; George inn, Pool-lane, from Andraw Walker to Joseph Raker ; Prospect Inn, Weston, from William Owen to John Voile •, Sloop Inn, Loch-sr.. from Thomas Plummer to Alfred Chaplain ; Waea t Shea t lon, Bridge-st., from Samuel Houghton to Henry Farmer ; Millstone Inn, Milbst.„ from Willis in Skinicorn to James Woodrow ; Queen's Head Inn, High- Bt., from William D-eprose to William Parr; Quarry Hotel, Weston, from John Vose to Oliver Dunba bin ; Perry lintel, Courch-st.,from Francis Barker to James Hugh Percival; Volunteer Inn, Granvillelt., from Margaret Stringer to George Waugh. James Bourn° applied for, and was granted, permis- sion to sell at the tr.ferhouse Swan Inn, lately occupied by John Lyon. The Chairman said it was very satisfactory to all that the report was such a god one. 'Phere was nothing , worth mentioning in the way of bad conduct on the part ,of anyone, and all the licenses would be renewed for ' another year. . I There were no new applications for licenses.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Town gall, Runcorn on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Pritchard occu- pied the chair and there were also present Rev. Canon Wood, Dr. McDongall,Mr. E. Imison J.P.. Mr. 8. Taylor J.P., Rev. Dr. Gastaldi. and Mr. Mos-, (clerk).

===== 0002601_18950831_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOLS.

A communication was received from the Education Department stating that they tad received a block plan of the proposed new schools to be erected iu Victoria. road. The proposals were considered generally satisfac- tory, but the Department required further particulars.— The matter was referred to the c.ninnittee for further consideration.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INSPECTOR'S REPORT.

The Clerk read Her Majesty's Inspectors' reports on the schools. For Mill Brow Schools there was no report on the general work inasmuch as there was no examina- tion. The grant was given on the same scale as the pre- vious year, namely 17s. per head which with reductions totalled £96 7s. 6d. The report for the evening school read : This is a distinctly excellent evening school. The work reflects the greatest credit on the headmaster (Mr. Moulton). The girls' school has made a great advance, and is doing good work which deserves every praise. All the subjects are well taught and the needlework lessons deserve special praise." Mr. Moss said the amount earned was £B4 17s. 61., but the grant really should be £lO5 13s. 61. The Department had taken £2O 16s. off as the grant was over 17s. 6d. per head.—Canon Wood said it was a most unreasonable rule. When they did well the Department said it was creditable and then cut the grant down.—Mr. Taylor remarked that it was not very 'encouraging.—Canon Wood : It certainly is not. The report of the drawing examination at the Greenway- road Board (boys') School was" good." The Clerk said that would be is. 6d. per head on the average attend- ance.—Canon Wood: What was it last year P—The Clerk: " Excellent."—Canon Wood : Is the headmaster satisfied with the report ?—The Clerk : He is most dis- tinctly dissatisfied. In his opinion it is not a just report. Canon Wood : Wasn't it last year that the papers were re-examined P—The' Clerk : It was two years ago. With regard to the Greenway-road Board School, there was no examination of the boys, and therefore no re- port on the work of the year. The grant was to be at the same rate as the previous year, viz., 20s. 6d. In addition to the ordinary grant,for the first time a special subject had been taught—algebra. 63 boys were examined and passed" excellent," the amount of grant being £9 9s. The girls were examined, and the report stated that the school was as usual in excellent order, and the general character ot the work was good. The school accommodation was at present insufficient for the average attendance. That should be at once remedied, or the grants next year would be endangered.—The Clerk stated that the attendance was 30 or 40 over the average during the previous year.—Mr. Taylor thought it would have been more businesslike if the reports had been considered by the School Management Committee before submitting them to the Board.—Dr. McDougall said : Who was responsible for the overcrowding but the board school staff? They had no right to admit child- ren and overcrowd the schools when they knew the ac- commodation there was. There was plenty of room else where.—Canon Wood thought they had sufficient evi- dence that it was not convenient to discuss the reports in public until they had studied them.—Mr. Taylor sup- ported this view, and the reports were then referred to the School Management Committee for consideration.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF TEACHERS.

Letters were read from M.. E. W. and Mr. Albert E. Parr, resigning their insts as teachers at the Greenwav-road Board (boys') e.chool. Mr. T. W. Cooke iilso submitted his resignation as teacher at the Bruns- wick School. These were referred to the committee for consideration.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BT OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

At the risk of its being stated that I am ventilat- ing an old question, and one that has often been thought of,l venture to refer to the necessity of an accident hospital at Runcorn. This week a circum- stance occurred which unmistakeably showed the necessity for such an institution. A marine fireman had the misfortune to sustain injury at Saltport,and his mates brought him in an unconsoious condition to Runcorn, presumably in the hope that he would receive medical treatment. If these were their thoughts, they were soon to be made conscious of their mistake, for after an examination by Dr. Mc- Kenzie it was &mind necessary that the injured man should be sent to a hospital, and he was accord- ingly despatched in the charge of Mr.Shaw,mission- ary, to the Royal Infirmary, Liverpool, where the unfortunate fellow expired soon after admission. This is not one solitary instance, for serious acci- dents are occurring quite frequently in and around Runcorn,and when the sufferers cannot possibly be treated in a dwelling-house, the inevitable railway journey to Liverpool has to be undertaken, and what that means only the sufferer knows.

In a progressive town like Runcorn this is a regrettable fact, and is against the spirit of the times. Runcorn people have shown themselves charitable enough to support a district nurse in their midst, and it is now for them to go one step further and establish u cottage hospitce—it need not be on a very large scale—in the town. There are numerous local gentlemen who would,no doubt, be willing to subqcribe towards such an object, and as to the cost of maintaining the institution, there might be adopted amongst the various Christian denominations, as is the case in many towns, a yearly Hospital Sunday.

I am glad to hear that the meeting in connection with the Runcorn Co-operative Society held on Tuesday for the purpose of again considering the rules, was characterised by more good feeling and more unanimity than has been the case with its predecessors. The Runcorn mem. hers acceded to some of the requisitions of the Widnes members and probably this will tend tO more harmony and co- operation in the future. For instance,there is now to be held- at Widnes the half-Yearly meeting of the society, and on the other hand, the annual meeting will be held at Runcorn. Another matter of importance is the increase decided upon in the number of members of the committee. The com- mittee in future will consist of twelve instead of eight, and they are to be elected by ballot in lieu of the " show of hands "which has been in vogue up to the present. This has been agitated for by the Widnes members for some time, and now that they can see that there is a disposition on the part of the Runcorn members to accede to any resonable suggestions, they will probably talk less of separa- tion.

The most important business brought before the meeting of the Runcorn School Board on Tuesday was the Inspectors' reports of the recent examina- tions. They were,on the whole, very satisfactory, and in this respect the Board schools have, since their establishment in Runcorn, occupied a high position. The Evening Continuation School, which may be described as a bridge between the Elemen- tary and Technical Schools, is stated in the report to he a "distinctly excellent school," a term which must be gratifying to all concerned. A feature worth noticing, which to use a well-known phrase, " takes the gilt off the gingerbread," is the " reduc- tions." The grant given by the Feducation Depart- ment is limited,and although more than the limited grant was actually earned, it is kept back. This fixing of the limit does not. always work out to the advantage of Board schools as compared with Voluntary schools, for it may be safely said that the Board schools the more frequently top the limit, and yet are not able to show any monetary advan- tage for doing so.

To-day (Saturday) the Technical Institute is to be formally opened by Sir John Brunner Bart, M.P. Every effort is being put forth to make the event a memorable one in the history of Runcorn, and there is every likelihood of this being accomplished. From a glance at the syllabus which has been pre- pared for the forthcoming session, if. the various classes contemplated are formed, the Institute will soon justify its existence. In selecting the subjects, full consideration has been given to the occupations of the townspeople,and with a good staff of teachers and a model institute, there should be no lack of pupils. If the institute is made full use of, it will play an important part in the future of the town. Lnik.

MARION° ACCIDENT.—On Monday afternoon an acci- dent occurred in the heart of the village which caused great alarm. It appears that a party of excursionists had driven to the village in a wagonette.the property ,af Mr. George Roswell, nab proprietor, of Rusholme, Man- chester, and were putting up at the Bridgewatiir Hotel. The driver of the vehicle, a man named Roger Booth, had tahen out the horSes, and was turning the horses round,when the ponderous vehicle overpowered him and ran down whitbarrow Bridge and into the palisading, which was smashed, the vehicle failing over the edge of the bridge into Bridge-st., and carrying Booth with it, who on h"ing picked up was found to be badly shaken, and suffering from internal injuries. F4irtunately, no persons were passing, beneath the bridge at the time of the oceurrence,or they would have been in great danger of being killed.

,

I I I I

'

===== 0002601_18950831_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

THE ADJOURNED MEETING.

Under the presideney of Mr. Sayles, the adjourned meeting in connection with the above-named society was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Tuesday evening. There were also present :—Messrs. Riley, Rhodes,Aston, Dyer, Worthington, Dudley, and Evans (manager), and Slaaw (assiltant secretary). At the outset, Mr. Poulson asked a question which was ruled out of order by the chairman, as to whether the committee had lately been consistiug of nine members instead of eight, in conse- quence ni some objection having been raised to Mr. Ciley. The Chairman said they had been taking legal advice as to Mr. Riley's position, and denied that any other member had been taking his place on the com- mittee.

Rule 3, relating to the holding of meetings and voting was then taken into consideration. To this Mr. Fitz- patrick of Widnes moved an amendment that the half- yearly meeting in February be held at Widnes and the annual meeting in August at Runcorn.—Mr. W. H. Clarke seconded the amendment. Two suggestions made by Mr. Goodies were accepted by Mr. Fitzpatrick as additions to his amendment to the rule. They were that no meeting of the society should proceed to business unless at least fifty members were present instead of twenty as stated in the rule, and also that a special meeting should be called at the requisition of fifty members instead of ten as at present. He con- tended, with regard to the first suggestion, that twenty were not sufficient to proceed with the business of a society with such a large number of members as theirs. —On the amendment to the rule being put to the meet- ing it was carried by 67 votes to 33. Tne tellers for the counting of votes were Messrs. Wilkinson and James Johnson.

Rule 4 having reference to loans was also amended on the motion of Mr. Cozier,seconded by Mr. Jabez Abs. The rule was altered to read that the interest on loans should not exceed 5 per cent, instead of 6 per cent, as stated therein. Rules 5,6, and 7, relating to regiaira- don and transfer of shares, and withdrawal of members, were passed without comment. Rule 8 related to the auditing of the accounts. Instead of two or more members being appointed as auditors, I Mr. Dudley moved that a chartered accountant tie ap- pointed as auditor, stating that owing to the size of the 1 society and the amount of transactionstit was necessary to have a chartered accountant instead of members as auditors.—Mr. Cozier seconded the amendment, and it was carried.—An addition was made to the rule on the motion of Mr. Poulson, that the balance sheets should been distributed seven clear days before the meetings of members. His object in doing so was that the members should have an opportunity of studying the balance sheet before the meetings. . . . . .

Rule 9, dealing wit' the investment of capital, was next taken. Mr. Cozier proposed, and Mr. Stubbs se- conded that the following alteration be made:—" That the directors may loaner with the sanction of an ordin- ary or special meeting, may invest any part of the sur- plus capital in the security of any other society providod that it was a registered society,and other than a limited liability."—lt was moved by Mr. Bilcross, seconded by Mr. Goodier, that the rule stand as at present, which omitted the power to loan surplus capital. A vote was taken and the amendment to the rule was agreed to by 70 votes to 47. Rules 10 and 11, referring to the death of members, and the application of profits, were passed without alteration.

Rule 12 proved a very contentious one. It wasdecided that it should be discussed sentence by sentence. With regard to the first sentence, stipulating that the number of elected persons on the committee should be eight, an amendment was proposed by Mr. Poulson, seconded by Mr. W. H. Clarke, that 12 persons should compose the committee. Mr. Dudly in supporting the amendment stated that since sitting on the committee he found there was a difficulty in forming a quorum which was five. He thought a committee of eight was not sufficient to carry on the bu_iness of such a large society and he was in favour of the number being increased.—Mr. Worthington in propoiing that the rule remain as at present, said eight , had been found sufficient to manage the society for a number oi years and with success. He thought the present number was sufficient. Mr. Dyer seconded.— Another proposition was made by Mr. Fitzpatrick, and it was seconded by Mr. Elen.that ten members compose the committee. On being put to the vote there voted for eight members 20; for ten members, 56; and for twelve members. 82. The latter was therefore carried. —A long discussion then ensued as to the mode of elect- ing the members of the committee.—Mr. Poulson made a proposition that three members of the committee retire each half-year.—Mr. Cozier seconded.—Mr. Holt moved an amendment that six committee men should retire each year and be eligible for re-election at the annual meeting. This was defeated by 72 votes to 47. As to electing the cfommittee it was decided, on the motion of Mr. Poulson, seconded by Mr. Cozier, that the following regulations should be complied with. The nomination papers t,) he sent out to the following places of business Runcorn (central) Weston, and Frodsham, Widnes, (Ditton-road), and Appleton. The papers to be returned by post with thenominations to the secretary at Runcorn within seven days after being issued, and to be signed and endorsed by at least three members' and the list of candidates to be posted at the society's branches seven days before the elections. The election to be by ballot and to take place on the Saturday prior to the half- yearly or annual meeting at which the result of the poll should be declared. in amendment to the rule was made on the proposition of Mr. Dudley, that the treasurer and secretary remain in office during the pleasure of the members instead of being re-elected each year. At this point the meeting was adjourned for a week.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A TIMELY SERMON BY THE REV. DR. GASTALDI,

PERNICIOUS LITERATURE.

The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, of Runcorn, had the honour of preaching at St. Anne's Catholic Church,Edgehill, Liver- pool, on Sunday evening, before Cardinal Vaughan. He took for his text: " How readest thou" (Luke x., 26). He said the western world was literally littered with literature ; all through the hours by day and night busy pens are writing and revolving presses are reproducing a ceaseless flow of thoughts and words. From the edition de luxe down to the modest leaflet,of making books there is no end. Reading is regarded as a necessity of life,with- out which life would be worthless. That being so, he thought it not inopportune that evening to put to them the question in the Gospel—how readest thou, what readest thou, and what are the results of that reading? Fin first proceeded to classify books in their order of in- fluence—religious, scientific, historical, and literary. Then the Catholic Church from the chair of divine authority says to the world' Of all these books which are good you may read, but of those bad ones you shall not read because if you do you shall morally die." Why? Because they are poisonous to the intellect, the will, the moral faculties, and all the more dangerous because they seem so often to be full of sweet reasonableness. They flatter human passions. As it is said in Genesis (viii 21) the imagination and thoughts of man's heart are prone to evil. From his youth passion is like a hidden spark that is enkindled by some breath to become a consuming fire and that breath of passion is often wafted from the printed page. But sec.suality is not the only evil which bad reading may develop. Through thus imbibing vicious principles the heart of man is alienated from Heaven,becauoe faith is shaken ; and faith cl,mands an bumble subjection of our intellect to Divine Revelation, although we do not comprehend it. Moralists are loud in their laments over the far-reaching and deadly effects of intemper- ance. Drunkenness is denounced from the chair of truth, from the platform, in scathing words of rhetorical declamation. Language runs riot in frenzied efforts to destroy this enemy of mankind. But the other enemy— bad literature—is more seductive, more far-reaching,' more lethal even than the terrible evil of excessive drink- ing. The preacher then adverted at length to various! , evidences afforded by the papers and by the daily life around us to show.that pernicious literature was responsi- ble for much of the present disorganisation of society,and notably responsible tor juvenile crime. In illustration Ihe instanced the recent case of two boys in England killing their mother that they might steal her money and go about enjoying themselves. The penny literature found in their room would go far to accomit for the awfully depraved state into which they had worked their young inindo. He therefore argued that not only was the Church, altogether right in having the Congregation of the Index to examine into, and if necessary condemn books, but it would be highly desirable—if not abso- lutely necessary—for the State to place a restriction on the literary output, at least so far as it comes in touch with the pliable mind of youth.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRTCT NURSE.

The report of the District Nun e states that there have been 22 cases on the books (7 these being fresh ones) from July 25th to August 25'Ii, siz. :—Two chronic, ten medical, and ten surgical. Of these one is convalescent, one is dead, one has been taken to the Workhouse, and one did not need visits. This leaves 18 cases on the books. 36 patients have received occsional visits. The number of visits paid to cases was 176, and the number of occasional visits 110

RUNCORN BOATTO CLUB. In connection vrith t'th c!!'th a prPliminar7 race (confined to the members of the above club) was concluded on Saturday afternoen, on the Weaver Canal, at Rock Savage. According trio arrangement it sti.uld have been rowed off on the previous Wednesday evening, but owing to the delay caused by a passing craft,several of the final heats had to be postposed until Saturday. The course was from the Boat Rouse to Sutton Dock, a distance of about half-a-mile. Mr. J. Thomas officiated as starter, and Mr. Albert Abel acted IS judge. 'Flaw were 17 entries, which were rovrod off in pairs, the two final towers ivin,z Mr. Fred Abel, who took the first. Fix ‘, and Mr. U. Buxton taking the second.

At a meetin, of Ow Liverpool Wateti Commil tee on lionehiy it nvvi tireiricd to ineroa ee the salary of the Head Comuable from £1,200 to £1,400 per annum.

NOTES oN (I/01118 AND

===== 0002601_18950831_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ATIILETICS.

CRICKET. A bad beginning often proves to be the forerunner of success and good luck. This seems to have been the case with the Warrington Cricket Club. They began the season by getting systematically defeated, but the wheel of fortune having given another turn, a continuous run of success has been the outcome of the vigorous play of the home team. Though the Bolton team, in their first match this season with Warrington notched such a res- pectable score, Warringtonians with a better team than on that occasion had good hopes of winning on Saturday; and those hopes were not misplaced, for a splendid vic- tory of 108 runs was secured.

The match of Saturday, unlike the season, began bril- liantly. Messrs. J. .1. Crosfield and Dr. Smith were first partnered, and with quick scoring from the former and slower hits trom the latter, the grand total of 96 was reached before Smrh was floored at 36. Mr. Crosfield stood his ground for a spell with Bates, but a change in the bowling enabled EL Taylor to receive a hot catch from one of his own balls. Bates compiled 24, but the remaining batsmen, exclusive of Hind and Griffin, not out, were rapidly dismissed at the hands of Halley, Mitchell, and Taylor. With seven wickets down War- rington had scored 151.

Bolton's inning's was inaugurated by Ellis being sent back with only a single run scored, the deliveries of Mr. J. J. Crossfield being too much for him. Taylor gave a hoist of 12 to the score, and C. Stanley, not out, one of 14, but the remaining players were unable to effect any- thing exciting—except lose their wickets, and that was one-sided excitement—against the smart bowling of Crosfield and Smith.

--- Mr. Crosfield was undoubtedly the hero of the match, 89 in addition to his excellent score of 60, his bowling figures were exceptional, as he took 7 wickets for 11 runs. All-round good fielding was displayed on the Warrington side,and their victory was a thoroughly meri- torious one.

The Warrington second team playing at Bolton in- flicted a defeat almost as crushing as that A the first I team, for with a similar loss of only 7 wickets they Com- piled 117 against the home teams' 35 for a like number ,of wickets. Mt,ssrs. C.R.Adamson,2B,J.W.Bibby,22,and M. Sileock, 19, were the biggest scorers for Warrington, while the only man who could reach double fic..turea on the home side was Balshaw, not out frr 10. ,till there is an excuse for such low scoring on t.,eir pArt,for Bibby and Duckworth fired in the shots with such regularity and precision that it would have taken more than ordin- ary ability to have knocked up a high score. More good fielding was shown and smart catches were made by Crompton, Unsworth, and J. Duckworth. The " lads fro' Bowton " will havo had quite enough of Warring- ton energy for some time to come.

Turning to junior clubs,we come to the Y.M.C.A.first team, who on Saturday played a match with Lostock Gralam,at Arpley. In saying that they played a match, I only use the werd in courtesy, for in point of fact,the game was not a match at all but an exhibition of scor- ing and bowling by the Christians. With one wicket to fall the borne team scored the respectable total of 64 runs, while Lostock Gralam, by dint of great exertion, scored 1, which added to 3 extras, made 4. Roddy and Woods were responsible for this,and if bowlers have any reason to be proud ,they have. Such a displly must have been highly edifying to the home spectators.

Meanwhile, the Y.M C.A. second team were batting vigorously on the ground of the Sankey Wesleyans their opponents for the afternoon. In this match, the second team, like the first, succeeded in winning the match with a substantial majority, closing their innings with 84 runs against the 58 of the Wesleyans. Bate,Weld- log, and Sanders hit out vigorously for the victors, while Morrall and Jones acquitted themselves creditably for the homeSterS. LOoSe bowling seems to have been very prevalent when the visitors secured 18 extras and the VVesleyans 13.

With their matches with Llstock Gralam and an key Wesleyan% the Y.M.C.A. first and second teams closed a very successful season. The first team have won

11, lost 2 and drawn 2, and 3 have been cancelled. The second team have won 10, lost 6, and drawn 1, and 2 have been cancelled. The averages of noth batting and bawling are very good, and quite up to the usual stan- dard, considering the state of the fields that have had to be played upon. White and Woods for the first team with batting and bowling respectively, and Sanders for the second team, especially coming out with goßd analysis, whilst Thompson follows close upon the ' heels of Woods for bowling. The following is the first team's batting and bowling :

Times Most Total ' No. of ins, not out in ins. runs. Average. White Thompson Pickton (A) Woods II - 7'lB Chadwick Page Jewkes 8 Gough 8 Roddy Farguhsrson Oven. Maidens. Runs Wkts. Wools Thompson Rodiy White

In the seccoad team. Sanders heads the batting aver- age with 12.62. Gorst, Bate, Longdin, and Lloyd coming next with 9.50, 8.85, 541, and 337 reartectivelv.whilst Longdin heads the bowling with 34 wickets for 444 runs each, Bate following with 23 for 5.34 each.

Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons' first and second elevens both won on Siturday with a fair majority of runs. The Ist eleven visited their Chester breimren of the same firm, and returned triumphant by 79 runs to their op- ponents 53. W. Ashton was prominent with a score of 22. The second team, on their own ground, met the C.L.C. Engineers second, and disoosed of them for 45 while the homesters notched 63. The hest scoring of the match was by L. Scott who made 29 for the defeated team.

Holy Trinity proved themselves 8 runs superior to St. Lokes ; :ind Buckley-street beat the Lymm team by 13. The C.L.C. first j mrned to Burton ou Satorday, there to play the Midland R.C.C. of that town. The Burton- ians were in strong force and confident of avenging the defeat of last year. Alas for the co fidence ! the engi- neers proved victors again, for 9 weeks knocking up 96 runs while the homesters had to be content with 78. This victory was mainly—or rather wholly—due to P. Lawless, who retained his hat with a score of 46 to his credit. T. Walker and Lewts!were also in good form hot did not accomplish anything so good as Lawless. Harri- son displayed neat bowling._

===== 0002601_18950831_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUICIDE OF A. WARRINGTON

TRADESMAN.

REPORT OF TFIE INQUEST.

Mr.S.BrighOuse,county coroner,nn— Tuesday conducted an enquiry at the Parade Room of the Police Station, relative to the death of Edmund Johnson, Wilderspool- road, a master tinplate worker,who was found hanging, with a rope round his neck, from a beam in his work- shop. Mrs. Johnson, wife of deceased, sai that to the best of her knowledge he was 61 years of age. She last saw him alive on Sunday about 2 o'clock, when he left the house and went across to the workshop. Ralf-an-hour later .he went to the shop and saw him hanging by the neck from the beam. The only reason she could assign for his committing the act was that of money difficubiss. He had also been strange in his manner for same time and more so during the three days preceding his death. During the Bank Holiday he had hurt his back and head with falling upon some boxes when leaving the Isle of Man boat. During the last week a number of bills had come dem an ding money, and these he destroyed. Money that he should have paid on an account to Mr. Spencer Wallhead, solicitor, he expended in going to the Isle of Man. She did not think he would commit the act hehad dose.

George Billington, barman at the Norton Arms, saw the deceased on Sunday a little after two. Saturday was the first time he had seen deceased take beer, ;and he had a pint on Sunday. Witness had no suspicion that he would take his life. He thought it strange that de- ceased was in his shirt sleeves at that time of the day. Edwin Sykes, who had worked for the deceased, and last saw him alive at dinner time on Saturday said he knew deceas-d was in monetary difficulties. He had done no hard work in the shop for about three months. He paid all his employes on Saturday. Witness thought him strange in his manner and inattentive to his work. Henry Ashton,landlord of the Bridge Inn, said that he was called into the shop at 2.30 on Sunday to cut the body down. Deceased was suspended from a beam hav- ing apparently mounted to his position by way of a packing ea.e. He was dead. Witness knew him well and had also noticed his strangen--as, especially on Sun- day morning at 11 o'clock, the last time witness saw him alive. _

After a iihnrt coreiideration the jury returned a ver- dict of " Suicide whilst temporarily insane." Mr. BriAnwie mentioned that this was the third in- nn a suicide he bad attended during the day.

.31-_TR LOCAL CHURCITES-WARRINGTON,

WYCLIFFE P.S.A.

The meting of the above on Sunday afternoon was the last of the half-veal, and there was a good attend- ance. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Davies, aishton, Blackl urn, who gave a short but able address on "Duty," applOng it to P.S.A. wmk. Mr. George I Power, of Manchester, was, the speaker, and he gave a discourse upon the same lines as that of the Chairman, emphasising his remarks. Mr. Garner read the lesson, and "The Children's Home," was efficiently rendered by s Sutton.

abbtrtigtment not ethotfter.

WARTED, GENERAL SERVANT, for sin farnilry— washing put out.—Apply, 38,BUTTERMARLET-STIIERT. Warrington.

FARME it'S CART, with harvest geiring ; just thoroughay repaired.—SPANN, Friars'-green. Warrington.

OLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHU. WARRINGTON. FORTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER IsT, 1835.

RRV. W. G. TRIGGS (Newly appointed Minister). Afternoon, MUSICAL SRIcVICH at 3. Sacred Cantata : " The Miracles of Christ."

MO FISH and FRUIT DEALERS —Splendid opening for 1 an extensive and bizh-class business, no other in neigh- bourhoe I, Apply Jackson and Sons, Garfield Avenue, Man- ningharn, Bradford.

NOTlCH.—Fariners, Carters, and others.—Choice of Three Cart Home, ages 7 to 9, heights 16 to 16-2. good workers lii any gears : one very stout built, with bone and substance, warranted or trial : £9, £l5, £2l. Morris, Westleigh Mill, Twist-lane, Leigh.

THE PAR I NK. MUSIC MR. T. J. DOWN'S MILITARY BAND witl play a Selection of Music in the Park (this) SATURDAY hirliN- . . . . .

ING, 3let August, commencing at Six o'clock.— Conductor T. J. DOWN, ESQ. If the weather should be unfavourable the perfermanee will be given in he Drill Hall by kind permission of the Colonel and Officers of the Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment. Ibis will conclude the weekmight performances for this sea,on.

nOOR.-WANTRD early in October, a good plain COOS; Addrese.—Mas. Dicesos, cpringfield, Chester. CA

HORSE, 7 years, 16 hands, clean legged, born in Wales, good worker in all kinds of work end warranted sound, one month's trial allowed in good hands free ot charge, £25.-16 CONWAY-STREET. Seaforth, Liverpool.

- 'RT -

rIENII It a L SERVANT WANTED, over 16. family of three, waching at home, good place to clean, honest, obliging. country girl.—Address or apple 7, URFORD-STNIET, Waver- tree. Liverpool.

GENERAL (from 20 to 24) WANTED for private house for family with two boys, must have good character._ Address, stating wages, Ilas. MiALLER, 46, Station-road, South Shore, Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Com.ortable APARTAIRNTS ; one minute from etation.—Mßs. RAMEY, 137, Talbot-road, corner Cookson-street.

Fon SALE, exceedingly handsome well-bred MARE, 15 hands. 5 years old; also good-looking Bay HORSE, 16 hands, coming 6 years. The above are tooth perfectly quiet to ride or drive, warranted Sound; mare will suit medical gentle- man; price £3O: horse slightly blemished, suitable for light hurry, van, or brougham; price £l6.—lnquire 20A, ELLERBY- STREET, Ellerby Lane, Leeds.

FOR SALR, useful Cart MARR, 6 years, 162; also Cart HORSE, 5 years, 16.1 high; Weis n Cart HORSE, 16 hands, 8 years; good backers and drawers, and sound; trial allowed ; £l2, £l5. and Lit; also C Bar, Scales and Weights, 2 Carts, 1 Lur:iy, 3 Sets of Gears; cheap. --Apply 16, EAST-STMEEr, Kirkgate, Leeds.

Q TOOK BRNEDERS. Farmers and others, use the newly L) invented Safety-Comfort Truss for Cows after Calving, weakness, &c. Also suitab!e for other animals, price 21s. Milk Fever and Clenstug Powders. heal known, Is 9d. each, 20s. doz.—St:Knox, Inveti tor and Sole Pro rietor, Forest Oak Cottage, Smethwlck, Birminghan. Agents wanted.

10s for FIXTURES and STOCK, gen( ral-cornershop. house and celmr, rent fis. illness cause of sacri- fice —A. PLOWER, 1. Gomer-st., St. Anne's-st., Lfverpool.

FURNISHED APARTMENTS, with or wii !tout bard commanding fine view ; healthy situation; terms moderate.--HOSE COTTAGE, Titrporley, Cheshire.

GOOD GRAZING. cheap.—Apoly W. Mitts, 2. George. Street, off liewsey-ro.fd, Warrington. '

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT (good) ; Church of England, aze 18 io 24.15 r housework ; six in family ; thief) ocrvants kept ; good character indirpensabla.,--Ma, OLfVER. St. Matthew's Vicarage, Bootle, Liverpool.

DOUGLAS.—SEA VIEW BOARDING HOUSE, 7, Wood; ville Terrace, Victoria-road. Broadway, centrally situ- ated, commanding f nil view of bay and headlands ; terms, ladles. 4s. ; gents. 53. Fir day, incMslve.—Mß. WRIGLEY.

r.r. . COWLEY SCHOOLS, Sr. 11ELENS. New itiiildings, £15.000. Endowment, RSV per annum. Sctiolarships, £l5O per annum. DEADMAt-TER : B. J. SIMPSON, M A., formtrly Foundation Sabolar and Prixemsn. Trinity Cotiege, Cambridge. HEADMIS TRESS •( • MISS FYFE, BA. Examination, Newnham Cambrid.:e. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH, 1895. Fees £6 to Rs per ainum. RECENT titlCUES!iki. Cambridge Locals 1 Twenty-six Certificates. College ot Preccptors j Dec. 1894. Fifty Certificates. SECRETARY: T. BNEWIS, Esq , Solicitor. N'

conteguence of the large number of Lots the- SALE in the WARRINGTON If ARKET MBE, of f.OITREHOLD FURNITURR, STOCK-IN-TRADE and EFFECTS. on MONDAY NEXP. will .omm,noe at Eleven o'clock. No Reserve. - WILLLIAIf HICKMAN, Auctioneer.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PRESENTATION.—Mr. W. L. Rosenberg, jun., having completed his apprenticeship in the River Weaver Navi- gation Dock office, at Weston Point, was presented by the dock staff as a mark of esteem with a silver double Alberta sovereign purse and silver Maltese cross, having his monogram on one side, and on the hack " Presented to L. Rosenberg, jun., by the employe.; or the River Weaver Navigation, Weston D.)cks. August 22ad, 1895." A number of the employe.' assembled together to make the presentation and to wish him success. THR AEW CLIURCH.—The plans of the new church for Weston have been stamped by the Incorporated Church Building S4ciety. The same plans have also passed the Diocesan Society ; have received the approval of Major Orred, who gives the site ; of the Bishop of the Diocese, and ot the Archdeacon. It now remains to obtain the approval of the patrons,the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, Oxford.

THE RECENT FETE.—The balance in hand after paying all expenses of the recent We anvsunts to £l6l 10s. Bd. It is expected that some additional receipts will increase this sum by £6 10s. Wvsrobr AND Homuays.—The current issue of the "Runcorn Parish Magazine" has the following :—"Wes- ton has evidently been holiday-making. On the sth August a quorum of the School Committee could not be obtained,and on the 9-h the Parish Council could not do business for lack of a quorum until considerably after the time, and then the legal quorum was only just at- tained.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIP OF Mums. R. GARNETT AND SONS _ EMPLOYKS-

On Saturday the—e—m-p-I-o-y-e—s. of Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, Warrington and Penketh, had their annual outing The destination was Llangollen, and the party to the number of about 100 were con- veyetl by rail in specially engaged saloon compart- ments. Favoured with lovely weather, the company took every advantage of the delightful circumst- ances in exploring the many historically interesting sights and unsurpassed grandeur of tbe'scenery with which Wales abounds. Di iving,boating on the canal, and hill climbing, occupied some pleasant hours. After tea all 4 short speeches by several of the workmen, a vote of thanks was passed to the firm for their kindness in defraying the travelling expenses. Home was reached towards :ten o'clock, all arriving in the beq of spirits, without mishap, each and all wiling the outing a huge success. The arrangements for the day were carried.' out by a committee of the workmen to the satisfaction of all.

LAWN "10 WEI -N. •GARLLND , Ironmonger. and Barlesto. n.

Warrin4ton

THE AI usw Lrowrsiss. On Saturday at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before the Mayor and Messrs, John Pair- dough and le. Monks, the music licensee were all passed, no objection being raised and no new appli- cations being made will. the exception of one for the Parr Balt. which Mr •lunt anpli-4d for in the name of the Town Clerk.—Mr. F. R.. Roberts ap- peared on beheilf of various ratepayers to watch the proceedingc,

POLO MATCH.

_ - On Tuesday night, at the Warrington Corporation Baths, a not,' match was played under the rules of the Liverpool and District Polo League between Warrington And St. Aufzustine's (Liverpool). The match was a one-sided affair, as Warrington were far more than a match for their opponents. At half-time the resul was—Warrington, 10; St. Augu-tine's, nil. After a few minutes' interval Warrington, who were defending the deep end, again played exceedingly well, goal after goal tieing scored with evident ease. Splendid passing took place. and at the conclusion of the game the score wAS as follows :—Warrington, , 15; St. Augustine's, nil. There was a large attendance,and the Warrington players were frequently applauded. Will ~lA.CIIINICS. -4GARLANIEI, ponmenget viarria,!ton. LOCAL CASES AT Lryitni.oor. SESSIONS. At the Liverpool County intermediate Sessions,. held on Tuesday, for stealing 1741 b, Of brass at Newton, between June 14 and August 3rd, William 'Crigg (42), labourer, was sent, to gaol for twelve months. Joseph Br.)olcs (43) shoemaker, for having at Orford, on the 11th inst., unlawfully wounded Thomas Fahey, was sent to gaol for six months.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
offAiresdisistrati

===== 0002601_18950831_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t ""*.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WHERE TO GO FOR 3IY HOLIDAYS ' This is a question which is now occupying the a tten tints of hundreds of our readers. Now the various health resorts of the British Islands, as well as the Con- tinent, will be shortly flocked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from my holiday? Now, any exp rienced medical man will tell you tha • course of some suitable tonic medicine taken during the change will double the beneficial effects of the holi- day. 'the appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- similating powers of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system wifl be strengthened, the blood will be purified, avid the indispensable "tone " regained by the system, much more certainly and effectually by such a canteen! medicine taken during the holiday alone or by the medicine alone. Each helps the other, and the ex- perienced in these matters always tato both together. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice ef your tonic. Many so-called remedies are absolutely I !allusions. There, is, however, one which long and uni- versal experience proves to be absolutely Itrustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-known preparation known as Gwilym Evans'

_ qui ni n e Bitters. THE VEGECSBLE TONIC. WEAT &RE ITS EFFILCIS ? 1. It assists and pronaltes Digestion. 2. It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It removes all Obstructions and Impurities from the human body. 6. It gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at Is. Id.. 23. 9d., and 4s. ed. each. Beware of Imitations See the name of., " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp. and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : QUININE BITT ERS M A.N U F ACT U RING CO., LIMITED. LLA.NELLY, SOUTH WILES.

BEFORE TIIE MAGISTRATES. ALLZOND SITINSIVI6 'THEFTSFao MESSRS• SKELTON'S SALE. On Frilay at the Warrington:Court, William Bolton, 33,York-tc.,a middle-aged man, was charged with steal- jog from the warehouse of Messrs. Skelton and Co., at Bridge Foot, a quantity of stair rods and other articles to the value of £2O. Mr. Percy Davies appeared for the oompariv, and said the defendant was engaged by Isfr.R. Lowe, Die auctioneer, to act as doorkeeper at the sale. Since:Wednesday week he had stolen from the premises, in number, over 400 articles, which they bad already recovered from his house. The value of them so far as they coiled ascertain came to between £l2 and £l3. In weight they were over lcwt. Mr. Davies applied for a remand until Friday next as defendant was suspected and had been seen to take articles which had not yet been recovered. They were satisfied there was a con- siderable number yet.—Mr. Lowe gave corroborative evidence,--The remind was granted, bail refused, and a search warrant issued to go through defendant's

house. A reatmo-MILLIONAIRE ATTEMPTS TO VICTIMISE Attire- MAN SOTTON. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday, before Mr John Fairclough and other magistrates, John Edwatd Arthur, no address, an unprepossessing indivi- dual, was charged with being found on the enclosed premises of Alderman Sutton, Legh-street, on Thursday, with the intent to commit a felony.—Alderman Sutton, who entered the witness bos,stated that defendant came to him on Tnursday and represented himself to be, not- -Withstanding his shabby appearance. a millionaire. He called at witness's office about 6 30 in the evening and *eked if he was Mr. Sutton. Witness replied "yes "and defendant said he had been recommended to come to laim by Messrs. Walker and Co., brewers. Witness brought him in the office and he there stated he Was tbe owner 4)4 the Queen's Hotel in Hill-street, ilinhteri-onder-Lyne, and wanted witness to come rarer, take out an inventory, and turn the tenant out. The lattcr's name was George Wilson sad defendant gave his own as Samuel Smith. Defen- dant wanted witness to go to Manchester on Monday, where he would meet him with a pair of greys and drive him over. Be wanted 60 guineas apiece for the greys. Be then went round the show rooms and selected some- thing like £lOO worth of goods, the money for which he would send. Witness had all this time been leading him on., and defendant presently said he had Come with- out money,having only 4id. to go back to Ashton-under- Lyne. Witness then asked him to go to Messrs. Walker's works where, no doubt, they would help him. This de- fendant " shuffled off," and said he would walk. He added that he knew Mr. GleaVeß at the Brewery. When be went, witness followed him and put Detective Mona- ghan alibis track, and he was shortly afterwards ar- rested. Mr. Cookson, an employe) of Mr. Sutton's, cor- roborated, and Detective yt rmaghan in his evidence said be arrested defendant in Wilderspool-road,where he said be was geing to Greenall's to look for work. When, brought to the police station he admitted that he did not own the hotel at Ashton. The police having suspicions of him, he was on the chief constable's recommenda- tion, remanded till Monday for enquiries. SCARCELY SOBER ROE TWELVE IYIONTIIS. On Tuesday morning, at the Warrington Borough Police Court. Catherine Richardson, a dissipated-looking woman, WAS charged with being drunk and disorderly in Tanner's-lane early on Tuesday morning ; she was also charged with neglecting her child aged 15 months on the 28th August.—P.C.Evans preyed Dar charge of drunken- ness.—lnspentor McAteer, N S.P.C.C., deposed that in this case the defendant was the wife of Thomas Richard- son. 38, Haydock-st., and that on Tuesday morning, at 1220 he was coming up Buttermarket-st., when he met P.C. Evans bringing the woman down to the station. She was half-naked and the child was also illclad and saturated with rain and shivering with cold. Witness after wards accompanied Evans to the house of defend- ant and saw her husband who had come to give evi- dence.—ThomaS Richardson said he was parted from the defendant three or four years but in July 1894 he, at her request, took her back and made a home for her from three weeks after that she had not been sober for a single month. The language she used was disgraceful and there was nothing he could keep in the house.—She was sent to gaol for one month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FRIDAY.—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (chairman), Alderman Harrison, J. W. Hayward, Alderman Sutton, Alderman Wright. WIFE ASSAULT.—Thomas Shorthouse, 18 Portland-st., was charged with assaulting and beating his wife Jane on the 17th August.—Mrs. Shorthouse said that defend- sat had accused her of taking his money, and on her denying it he had struck her.—As it waa his first offence the magistrates bound defendant over to keel) the peace for six months. Viangsca To AN OLD WOMAN.—Joseph Ward, Knuts- ford-road, was charged on a warrant with assaulting and beating Sarah Hughes.—Mrs. Hughes, an old and feeble woman, said she was coming out of her house when defendant struck her. Corroborative evidence was called and Mr. Browne who represented defendan,, pleaded that he was under the influence of drink. He Was fined 10a. and costs nr 14 days. PALTRY ASSAULTS.—Elizabeth Allen, 59, Catherine-st., was tined 2s. Bd. and costs for assaulting Mary Leyland, 64, Boyle-st., on the 17th August ; Emma Foster, Back Crossley-at. was fined 59. and coats for assaulting Jane Alice Hay, same address, on the 20,h August. Algona-a STABBINQ Cam—Martin Burns, Dial-street, was charged with assaulting and beating Henry Woods, Lower Bank-street, in Arpley at 10 minutes to 7 p.m. on Thursday.—The Chief Constable stated that the com- plainant and a man named Joseph Bates were between the iron bridge and the entrance to the cricket field, at Arpley, when a strange woman with Burns stopped , Bates and begged for some tobacco. Bates stopped be- bind and Woods went on. Burns shouted" I'll rip some- one up "and followed Woods with a knife. Coming up with him he struck at him with the knife inflicting a deep cut in Woods' lower lip. Bates brought the police and prisoner was locked U. He said in answer to the charge "Yes Si r. fle kicked me."—Corroborative evidence was given by F.C. Millington,Bates, and a youth named Fletcher, who saw the assault, and the magistrates de- cided to inflict the highest penalty for assault upon Burns, who was forthwith committed for two months

tli-rd labour. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Elar- rison and Mr. F. Monks. Drama awn DISnRDISRLY.—The following persons were fined for committing the abcve offence :—Thom 11. Ship-yard, fined 5. and costs ; James Donlan, 15, Bakehouse yard. ss. and costs ; Esther Sutton, Butt-st., 2s. ed. including costs ; John Scott, 49, Foundry-et.. 2s. ed. including costs ; Mary Buckley. 22, Finner's Brow, 2s. ed. including costs ; Thomas Burke, 36, Gee- et., 2s. ed. including costs ; James Webb, 24, Haydock- st.„ 2s. 6d. including costs ; Catherine Bate, 8, Morris'- yard, Silver-square, who was brought up on a similar charge, had her ~qe rem Anded for a month as she and per husband, were, according to the Chief Constable, implicated ma serious assault committed on a woman at present in the Infirmary ; Charles Groves, 5, Glass- house-row, who had been many times committed to gaol for drunkenness WWI dismissed on promising to sign the pledge.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMAN SUTTON'S QUESTIONABLE Cunt:maim—John Edward Arthur, who was remanded from Friday on a charge of beingfcund on the premises of Alderman Sut- ton for an unlawful purpose,and whose case we reported last week, was brought up again for judgment. The Chief Constable said that he had made inquiries but nothing further could be learned about the prisoner ex- cept that be was not known in Ashton-under-Lyne.— The taagistrates deciding that the case was only one of strong suspicion, dismissed prisoner on his promising to leave the town. AN IMPUDENT BECIOAIt PUNISHED.—John Harrison, Buttermarket-st., was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Cairo-st at eight o'clock on Sunday nlght there was a further charge against him of using threats towards Thomas Daintith, at the same time and place.— P.C. hlansh said that in consequence of a complaint he received from Mr. Daintith he went to Cairo-st. on Sun- day evening and there found the prisoaer drunk.—Mr. Daintith, Bridge-St., said that he and his wife were com- ing down Cairo-st. from church on Sunday night when the prisoner stopped witness and asked for assistance. Witness refused him as he was drunk, and prisoner then followed them down the street saying he must have some 'copper, whereupon witness invited him to come a litt',e lower down and he would fled him a "copper." Tlat.B he I, did do and gave prisoner in charge. The mags:strates sent prisoner to gaol for one month's hard ttliSeAlr. THREE GIRLS SENT TO GAOL.—Sarah Margaret Hankinson, 6 Back Crossley-9',,, ar.d Mary McGrath, 11 Ship Yard, were all charf.red With being found sleeping in an unoccupied house r.,t 14 l'Auseum-st., at 7 30 on Monday morning, without., v.s. ; ; C.e means of suppoet.—P.C. John Monks said thrat early on the morn- ing of Monday he was in Bridge et. whten Mr. J. Toft carne to him and told him he lend foun:l three girls in the house in question. Witness vvent with him and found the three prisoners witom he brought te the police station. 'They said they had just gone in to took through the place.—Mr. John Tort said that on Tuesday morn- ing be, owing to having seen the girls about before,went in the house and found all three lying down in the centre of one of the rooms, asleep. Be then gave information to the police.—When questioned the prisoners said that the other part of that night they had spent on a dredger near Walton.—They all had doubtful records and were sent to gaol fora month each. Animals FOR MAINTZNANCE.—Thomas Bate, 8 Old- road, was summoned to show cause why he should not be committed to prison for the non-payment of arrears, £1 19s for the maintenance of his son William on the Ship Clio.—His excuses were unsatisfactory, and he was seat to gaol for a month. John Craddock,l72 Batsersby- lane, was similarly, charged but on paying £2 down he was remanded for a month.—George Jaundrell, 19 War- burton-street, was likewise summoned for £3 17s. 6d. arrears due for the maintenance of his son in the Man- chester and Salford Reformatory School. It being proved that he was in very poor circumstances, the magistrates granted him a months' adjournment. STREIT FIGHTING.—Thomas Baguley, 9 Percival's fold and Bernard McNamee, 23 Dolman's-lane, were fined 2s. 6d each for fighting in Wharf-street on the 18th ' August. Osscwsrrr.—John Longshaw, 20 Foundry-street was fined 2s. 6d. for making use of obscene language in Foundry-street, on the 19th inst. CARD PLAYING AND TOSSING.—James Quigley, 25 Naylor-street, John Dermenday, 20 Cockhedge-lane, and Richard Connolly, 28 James-street, were fined 2s. 6d. each for playing cards for money in Cockhedge-lane on the 18th August. P.C.'s Evans and Barlow proved the ease.—Richard Bailey, 15 Town Hill, and Henry Daley, 37 Scotland-road, were similarly dealt with for "tossing" coins on the same date in Glasshouse-yard. THREE MISCHIEVOUS BOYS BlRCHED.—lnspector Spinks informed the magistrates that on Saturday they had reported to them that a spring-cart had been stolen fnm Allen-street near the wholesale market, belonging to the executors of the late Mr. Warburton, Dallam, and con- taing a number of bundles of clover. Enquiries were made and it was ascertained that three boys were seen passing Sankey Bridges in a cart going in the direction of Widnes. They were afterwards apprehended in pos- session of the cart and brought to the police station. Their names were John Thomas Robinson, Thomas Dem- psey. and Thomas King, all 12 years of age and of the neighbourhood of Fennell-street.Robinson had committed a similar offence before.—The Chief Constable said it was one of those cases they could not pass by. Such lads had got into the habitof, when they saw a pony and cart alone, jumping in and going for 6 or 8 hours' ride.—The magistrates ordered each to receive 12 strokes of the birch. - - - • •

••••••••••• TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett and Dr. T. S. Smith. INDECENCT.—Patrick Nolan, Ship-yard, was charged with being guilty of disorderly and indecent behaviour in Bank Park at 12.30 on Tuesday afternenn.—Mr. Ashton, park-keeper, stated that on Monday afternoon ' he in company with P.C. Rylatt watched the defendant behaving in an indecent manner behind some bushes near the recreation ground.—P.C. Rylatt gave corroborative evidence. It was also mentioned that of late several cases of a like nature had been reported.—ln fining defendant 54. including costs Mr. Garnett suggested for the consideration of the Parks' Committee that notices should be put up warninir people that for such offence they were liable to a penalty of 40s. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Dixon was fined 53. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Bank-street on Monday night; James Murphy, for committing the same offence in Academy-street, was fined a like amount. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. J. Fairclough (chairman), and Messrs. Geddes and Fleming. ERGGING.—James Dawsr,n, a vnung man, was charged With begging in Lyme-et. at 7.40 on Tuesday night.— P.C. Barlow preyed the offence, but the magistrates dis- missed defendant ache did not appear to be a profes- sional beggar.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN pETrY SESSIONS

MONDAY.—Before Mr. P._Bo_akman (chairman), and Mr.

F. J. Norman.

DRUXIC.—For this -offence James Evans, Ellesmere, Port, was discharged with a caution. DRI7NIC AND DISORDERLY.—James Shaw, Runcorn made his 14th appearance before the magistrates and was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the 17th inst. P.C. Wylie proved the charge.and Shaw was fined ss. and costs.—James Hall, a tramp, for being drunk and disorderly in Fryer-st. on the 25th inst. was fined ss. including costs or seven days' imprisonment. He went to prison. Ut;mczzLED Doos.—For allowing their dogs to he at large unmuzzled,the following were dealt with :—Robert Wilson, 102 Greenway-road Hannah Beckett, 18 Leinster Gardens ; Mary Ann Inman, Duke-st. ; Frank Richardson, 33 Cooper-st. ; and Thomas Dobson, Church-st.—A fine of 5. including costs was imposed in each case. A DOUBLE FlNF,—Ellen Gandy, St. John-st., was charged with unlawfully assaulting Ellen Pugh on the 18th inst., and further with being drunk and disorderly in St. John-street on the 24th inst.—Ellen Pugh was the only witness to prove the fret charge and stated that the defendant struck her three times in the face. She struck witness because she had been told that witness had been ques- tioning people as to the number of lodgers the defendant had.—P.C.'s Richardson and Butler proved the charge of drunkenness. She was fined ss. and costs on each charge. ASSAULTING A GlRL.—Mary Hulse, Loch-street, was summoned for having on the 22nd inst., unlawfully assaulted Sarah Annie Prire.—Mr. Allen, solicitor, appoared for the defence.—Sarah Annie Price, a girl about 14 years of age, deposed that on the night in ques- tion she was sitting at the door nursing her brother. when the defendant came up to her very drunk, and used disgraceful language. She also picked the cat up and threw it in witness's face, stating that she would do the same to her mother. She (witness) was scratched in the face by the cat.—Mrs. Price gave corroborative evidence as to the throwing of the cat in her daughter's face.—Mr. Allen stated that Mrs. Hulse was incensed against Mrs. Price for having written to her (Mrs. Hulse's) husband, He denied that she was drunk, and submitted that if she did throw the cat at the defendant it was a very trivial matter. There were no scratches on the girl's face. A witness named Dutton gave evidence for the defence.—The magistrates bound the defendant' over to be of good behaviour for six months, herself in £5, and another surety of £5, and the payment of the coats. THEFT OF BACON.—Mary Doyle, Mill-qt., was charged with stealing 31bs. of bacon, value Is. 9d., the property of William Wright.—The complainant stated that he was a pork butcher carrying on business in Church-street. About a quarter to ten on Saturday night he left the shop for a minute or two. He heard something drop.and on going into the shop Vie prisoner was there. She asked him for a quarter of a pound of Dotted meat. He told her that he had none,but she threw lid. on the counter and ran out of the shop. He at once missed the bacon and followed after her. She dropped the bacon in the street from under her shawl, and he gave her into the custody of the police. She was under the influence of Crink.— P.C. Evans stated that he saw the prisoner drop the bacon from under her shawl as Mr. Wright was following after her.—Superintendent Atherton said that prisoner had previously been a respectable woman. It was her first offence.—The magistrates hoped the case would be a warning to her and discharged her.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

Ttrasnair.Zßefore Mr. J. C. Parr (chairman), Measrg. William Lang, H. Talbot, Henry Nield, and John _

Mclntyre. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Jam Mannion, Stretton, was fined ss. including Costs for committing the above offence on the 11th inst. ; Joseph Clayton, Appleton, fined 21. 61. and costs. DOGS AT LANGS.—William Pierpoint, Marlfield, Grap- penhalL was ordered to pay the costs for a summons against him for allowing his dog to be at large on the 9th August. A similar charge was preferred against James Strange, Walton, but the case was dismissed. CRUELTY TO A base—Richard Rowson, Astley, end Mrs. Lois Taberner, Altrincham, were charged with working a horse while in an unfit state at Grappenhall on the Eth August.—Tho evidenee given by P.O Milling- ton and Inspector LuR, thowed that the animal had been employed drawing a flat along the canal while having a had wound upon its leg.—Rowson was fined the costs and Mrs. Taberner, the owner, was fined 10s. and costa.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIT4:4(ER, SATURDAY. A UGUST 31. lgori.

CYCLISTS IN TRotrem—William Mellor and Thu,. Fry. Warrington, were fined the c ists (3s. 6d.) eazb Jag Tiding bicycles without lights at Moore at 1 a.m. • 1431, 28th July. sei the

TILE LICENSING SESSIONS.

The licensing sessions were also held at the on Tuesday. The Superintendent (Mr. J. ,Court Rouse his report as follows :—Runcorn Divide Atherton) read stabulary„ Superintendent's Office, r 44 Cheshire Con- Gentlemen,—I have the honour , Ala inust, 1892. Report with reference to the cor A submit my Annual tuallers and beer retailers in the aduct of Licensed Vic- year. There are 24 licensed • ,division during the past and four others who sell off victuallers, one beer seller ' ' trattirevaontols"ea ,otethlailce2n9s,egivisngo an average of 326 of the ltihcee nys eeadrv, i nctounael lbeersishpay ax,P a been proceeded against during victed the preeedin , proceeded against and none con- against for drur- g year. 26 persons have been proceeded were convicte - Areaness during the year, 24 of whom against and .I. as compared with 19 persons proceeded increase e - 18 convicted the year previous. Being an jv,ic seven persons proceeded against and six per- cted. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, John Atherton, Superint?n- e'at. The Chairman complimented the superintendent on Boll' I the report, saying that it was a very satisfactory one, I there being very little difference from that of last year. All the licenses were renewed, their being no objections. There were no applications for new licenses.

CRICK T.

appli 80. G. 1311E3EY arie leadirw makers of J ances or Football, Hockey. Golf. Lacrosse and all Spo,ts and Games,also foriGymnasium and Physical Exercises. Idustrated Liaralo,‘tie may be obtained Morn Local Dealers or the SPORTS MANUFACTORY, London S.E.

---- WARRINGTON Y. BouroN.—Warrinaton added another to their list of victories in the match at Arpley oa Satur- day with Bolton. Score : WARRINGTON. BOLTON. J. J Cr° field C and b Ellis b Crosfield Taylor 6O H Taylor b Smith l2 ESmith run ont 36 AI - t ,nlev IS Croefield ...... 0 Bates o F.llis b Mitchell N fil SlAter 11 *Croefi«ld 0 WE! Podmo• e b Taylor... 2 .3 Potlerb Smith G Clarke c Stanley (A.) 0 Stanley not out l4 b Mitchell B England et Foster b E li Williams b Cros- Halley 1 fiuld Clark b Haley .. ..... ....... 0 W Mitchell C Clarke b II Hind n t out B M Griffin not out ...... 3 0 Fosler b ro;field ..... 3 Itusliworth c and b Cros- field 0 Extras 5

Bxtras l6

Total 43

Total 151 BOWLING ANALYS”. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. BOLTON. 0. M. R. W. Ellis Halley W Mitchell ... 13 1 35 2 ii Slater 7 1 20 0 J Potter H Tiylor WARRINGTON V, BOLTON (2ND ELEVENS).—Tim return fixture between the above ,levens c4rne off at Bolton,on Saturday, and resulted in a drsw greatly in layout of the visitors. Score : WARRING I ON. BOLTON. Adamson c Howarth b Ramwell b Bil,hy Bashed Bibby b S'coffin 22 Bibby Hampson h t3a‘h-111 l4 Pa-lid Ic J Duekwortli o Duckworth lbw b 13asha11 4 Bibby Unsworth o Potter b Bas- Potter b Duckworth hall Peers c and b Bashi-01 6 worth hilcoek c Scoffin b B ishall 19 liprper e Thisworth b Crompton not out EVAPIS. Ashton. Duckworth Sc,fsn c Crompton b Hatton to bat. Duckworth Babliw not, out F Crowth- r not out 3 Extras 5

Extras 9

Total for 7 wles ll7/ Tot4l for 7 wktfl... 35 P. W. AND SON, LTD (WARRINGTON) P. W. ANDSON, LTD. (CHESTER).—Played at Chester on Saturday. Scores :

WARRINGTON. CHESTER. T Allen b fitc.)leil 1 C A Stanyer b Bailey 2l W Ashton e end b Stanyer 22 AMe Neil b Bsiley J Riley c Stanyer b McNeil 6 Jtt Johnson run out 0 IC Allen b Roberts :2 W B Lectsham b Bailey-. 0 J Bolton 0 Roberts • 0 W A Jones b Bailey... ... 1 T Todd b Stanyer 3 W Wray c 1: Allen b J Tilling b Roberts J Caine run out -

- . J Turnerb Stanyer 0 Allen W Brookes c Bobertsb Ostle 13 11 14 Os! le b Ashton C Unsworth

- Ashton W i .antel b Bailey W Rowlands not out Extras 5 Extras 3

• Totra

_ Total 53

CITESIIIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. BURTON MIDLAND RAIL- WAY.—The Engineers journeyed to Burton on Saturday last to play their annual fixture with the Midland Rail- way C.C. of that town, who had got together a very strong team to avenge the defeat they sustained from the Engineers last year, but thanks to the splendid display of cricket shown by P. Lawless who scored 46 not out, and W. Lewis 16 not out, also Thomas Walker 10, the Engineers returned victorious again. Score : ENGTNEIMS. MIDLAND RAILWAY. S Walker c Pountney b Lovatt lbw B Lawless ...... 5 Lakin J Monks b Lovett T Walker c Brown b Lakin 10 Brentnall c Harrison b P Lawless not out ....... ..... 46 Monks 9 J Harrison rnn out , 7 Farrell run out I Hackett b Brentnall S Howard c Brown b Pountneyb Harrison Farrell 0 Green h Harrison 2 E Hackett c Brentnall W Lewis not out J Genders b Brentnall G Hogg b 8rentna11.........1 Langford not out 0 Palmer b Harrison Extras 6 Extras

Total for 9 wkts 93 Total Y.M.C; A. v. LosTocr: GRALAM.—A moit sensational mate:a was played .IT at Arpley on Saturday last between thee twp teatns, the secat .s Iwintz :

Y M.C.A. LOSTOCFC GRALAM, White b Armstrong " 8 BIM gton b Woods lO Pickton b Billington • 3 Pak es hw b Woods Tbompton b Billington 6 Armstrong c Page b Woods c Worsley b Billing- Woods ton Fleteher not out Farqtarirson c Armarong b Ould b Roddy Poole Lloyd b Billington Roddy b Rillington Page c Gib'oon b Billington 1 Co, burn b Roddy Rigby b Billinuton Dutton h Billington Extras 7

Extras

Total •

Total 4

P W Ar s-r;;-(-Wertrurroros) 2ND XI. v. (1.1... C. ENGI- NEERS 2ND. XL—Played at P.W. & Son's ground on Saturday. Score : P. W. & SON, LTD. C.L.C. ENGINEERS. II Glennon c Jones b L Slot b Sampson Robinson D Noon b Robinson Jll.l,vd b 1obinson A Ayling c L Scott b P Robinson b Milner Higham J Milner c Higham b Bolesworthb :Milner Irvine ll Jones c Hall b Milner 2 R Knight, b Robinson F Higgins b Ingham 2 Woods b Sampson G 1 F Hall run out 2 Welfare o& bLI ,yd I:1 NI Durham b iligham lO Hughes not out . Y Bowers c Welfare b Irvine 0 ' w Samp3on not out Extras 6 Extras ....... ........ 4

Tofal 63

Total 45

Y. NI. C. A . V. SANKEY WESLEYANS (SECOND TEAMS).— This match wa's played on the ground of the latter on Saturday, and resulted,in an easy win for the Y.M.C.A. Score:—

SAMMY WEsLEYkYS. Y M.C.A. Morns( b Rates JowPtt b Pickton High es, c and b Bates ... Tonge b Pickinn Roderick b Bates Cot:emit b Pickton 3 Pickton Jas. b Pe: berton 2 _ _ _ . __ .. _

Pemberton b „ Pritohard ~ „ Jo es 1.. .. Chambers not out

3

Hough b Jewk es Griffiths run out 6 ~. 13 Extras

Extras

- Total EiB Telitt B4 HOLY TRINITY V. ST. Luxes.—Played at Howley on Saturday, and ended in a win for the hornesters by eight runs. Score : HOLY TRINITY. ST. LUKE'S. Miller c J lisy b W Ray ... 18 W Ray ti Jones Haddock is W Ray b I Arm- Roach b Miller 0 strong 2 Lig‘Afoot b Miller Clegg c IL Armstrong b I I Armstrong b Miller Armstrong 3 J Hay b Miller SeddOn 0 I Armstnanc l5 Graham b Jones Appleton b I Armstrong... 0 Co)ke b Miller ! Jones e& b I Armstrong ... 0 Illooinfif-ld 13 Miller 3 Taylor 0 W It y 0 Warburton not out 2 Pemberton b W Ray 0 It Armstrong b Jones 2 Kendrick b I Armstrong... 0 Wright b Jones 0 MealOn b W Ray Skeihorn not out

Extras

Extras 3

41

Total...

33

BUcKLEY•STKRET SA V. LYMM.—Play.rl at Warrington on Saturday, 3nd ended in a victory for the home team by 13 runs. Score : LYlatlif. BUCKLEY-STREET. Tlradburn b Spruce l5 r 5 Pugh run out Bennett c Landers b A Pugh b Eaton Spruce 1 Addison run out 1 Lesh a Addison b Spruce ... 8 Spruce h Eaton 0 Dobson b Leech A rdern b Leech 2 F Leech tt Bennett Hinde c Cook tt Spruce ...... 2 Looker b Bennett lr, Holt b Leech 2 Landers 13 /Linde 9 Gould not out J Bradburn a and b Spruce 0 Cook a Bennett b Hinde 4 Cheetham b Spruce 0 Hall not out Eaton b Spruce l2 Extras 4

Extras l3

Total 47 Total 6O Sr.ANNE'S v. EtetudiOND'B.—This match was pl tyed on the ground of the former on Saturday. Score : ST. ANN F.'S . RICHMOND'S. Knight h Bradley Downie run out Bunch b Fleetwood l2 W Fleetwood b Bunch ... 17 Gibson b Bradley 7 A Bradley c Downie b Appleton b Bradley l3 Gibson l7 - Woods a Dykes laylor c Finnegan b Fleet b Gibson 1 wood W Dykes run out 0 Git•son 0 Morris b Fleetwood N Dykes not out Bloomfield st Haskins Cole b Fleetwood Bennett 0 Downie b Gibson 2 Extras 3

Extras 6

Total 77

Total

DON'T BE DBCEIVBIL—Don't think the hair can be pre- se^veci without proper nourishment; all hair specialists positively as.ert that pure crease Is absolutely necessary for the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt th. best. It nourishes the hair, pre- vents it toting off or turning grey, eradi ates scurf, and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 6d., 7a.. 10s 6d. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL—Preserves the hair. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL —Prevents baldness. ROWLAND'S M ACASSAR OlL.—Prevents scurf. ROWLAND'S Maceesen 0n..--Beautlies the hair. Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL. of 20, Hatton Garden, and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

,

EARLESTOWN V. N'AVTON-LB-WILLOWS.—The return Ixture between thes,4 clubs was played on the Earlestown g.ouud on Saturdr,y, before a large concourse of specta- tors. On the las:4 occasion when the clubs met on the Newton groun?j the game ended in a draw' and conse- vently the I.lveliest interest was evinced in the return match, sc.oculation being rife as to the result. The game war the most exciting of any that has yet been played between the duns, and result showed that it was not without cause, Earlestesvn just securing the victory by one run. Owing to the heavy rains, the wicket was purely a bowlers wicket, and the scoring was therefore small, Bates being very difficult to play. Earlestown won the toss, and decided to go to the wicket first, Hus- band and Dennis facing the attack of Mills and Bates. Immediately after the opening Husband was badly missed by Lister,but shortly afterwards Dennis had his bails re- moved by Mills. Miller took the vacant place and another life was given to Husband.who was again missed at slip, and his next ball he lifted to the boundary. Several boun- daries followed from both batsmen but at 23 Miller was sent back to the pavilion by Bates, after contributing 9. Bell was next man in, but at 25,he succumbed to Bates. Crowther replaced him, and for a time play was desul- tory, runs coming very slowly. Husband at last got hold of Bates and drove him to the boundary, and subse- quently served Mills in a similar way. Crowther next gave Cook a chance which he failed to hold. Husband made full use of the double life given him, and hit out freely, he and Crowther securing boundaries in turn. Crowther gave an easy chance to Parks who failed to hold it, but he Was cleverly taken by Cook at the next delivery, having added 10 to the score. Barker partnered Husband, but the partnership was short lived, Hutband driving the ball into the hands of Heaton. Alderson joined B4rker, but after a contribution of 3, the latter was again out leg before. Clare replaced him, and after adding 2 to the total Alderson fell a victim to Bates. Mit- chell filled the gap, and after a couple of boundaries, Clal•e was caught byCook,the score then being 74. Bud- i'le..trin la,' at came in but his first drive was held by Cook. Emmett completed the Total, but was sent to the right shout by the first ball off Mills, the innings closing for 74. After the usual interval, Newton went to the wickets Cook and Turton taking up the defence against Bell and Eluskia nd. Cook opened hostilities by sending Bell to the boundary, and after several futile attempts Turton got Hu.band away in a like manner. Cook was soon after- wards beaten by Husband, and Mills filled the vacancy. Runs came very slowly, until Turton getting hold, sent Husband to the boundary, but in the next over he was beaten by 11(41, the score being 11 for 2 Bates part- nered Milln,but was sent back by Bell at the first delivery. Chandley fill, d the vacancy and infused some life into the game, securing boundaries in fine style, although he had very narrow escapes of being run out. Mills was splen- didly caught behind the stumps by Mitchell,his long stay being barrier-20 for 4. Parks joined Chandley,and had a narrow shave,the ball being played rolling against the wickets but did not displace the bails. Shortly after- wards he skied a ball which Barker secured —23 for 5. Laithwaite replaced him, and he and Chandley together ran the score up,bri aging about a change of bowlers Bud- dleston going on vice Bell. Laithwaite skied one from Elesband, which the latter caught-48 for 6. With Lister as a partner Chandley continued to hit Olt freely and Clare went on vice Husband. Bell replacing Huddleston. The change was beneficial, Clare securing Chandley's dismissal after a capitally played 32. With Brierley as partner Lister brought the score up to 70, when Brierley was dismissed, and Carson having replaced him Lister was bowled by Clare-73 for 9. Heaton joined Carson, but stopped the first ball with his leg arm was at once given out. The innings slosing at 73. Scores : EARLS:STOWS. NEWTON. G Dennis Is Mills ...........1 W Turton Is Bell G Husband c Baton b J Cook Is Husband Mills Miller Is Bates 9 It Bates Is Bell It Pell b Bates W H Crowther c Cook b W H Parkes a Barker b Hills Barker lbw t Bates 3 J Laithwaite cAb Hue- '3ll Alderson b Bates 2 band 8 F P Clare c Cook b 12 D Liter b Clare T Mitchell not out 2 F Brierley Is Clare W Hu blieston c Cook b It Carson not out Mills 0 T Baton lbw b Clare 0 C W Emmett Is Mills 0 Extra, 4 Extras 6 T ta1..., 74 Total s: VVESTON v. SUTTON —This match was played at Sutton on Saturday, and ended in a victory for Sutton by 38 runs. Score : WESTON. SUTTON. W Pendleburyb Davies 5 Davies b 3 Tudor 5 It Tudor e Burns b Davies 2 Taylor b J Tudor 2 Jones e Taylor b Davies lB Burns c Jones b J Tudor 1 Anderton Is Davies 0 btrachan b J Lightfoot ... 38 J Tudor h Lowe Jno Lightfoot, Is Davies 0 Lightfoot .1 Lightfoot e Burns b Lowe 7 Lowe b Jno Lightfoot 7 Hope c Fairhurst Is Davies 5 Fairhurst b Jno Lightfoot 2 C Pendiebury b navies 0 Dr Bates b Jno Lightfoot 0 Abrams not out 0 old Cully 0 and b Jno J A Pendiebury retired hurt Lightfoot 0 Parry c duo Lightfoot b Tudor It SI Cully not out 8

Extras 2

Bxtrae 2

Total 46 Total B2l RUNCORN V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—This match was played at Widnes on Saturday, and a very interesting game ended in a win for Runcorn by 31 runs. Warder for Runcorn hotted splendidly, his brilliant hittiag arousing the enthusiasm of the spectators. The 32 runs compiled by him iacluded seven threes, and four twos. He received quite ac ovation on the conclusion of his innings. Score : RIINCaRIf. WHITE ROSE. Wright b Smit,i Gone b Smith Abrams c Willcock b Wall 11 WHIN)* o Abrams b 1 Cruss b Wall 1 Cragg Booth run out 0 Wall run out 1 Evans b Sadler 3eacock b Smith 3 Smith o Cragg b Abrams 19 Leathwood b Sadler 'Bann b Hart I Warder c Smith b Hart 32 Skinner run out C:agg not out Bailey not out Extras

Total Sr. LIIKE's BuNcomir, V. HIGHFIELD TANNERY. —This match was played on the ground of the former, and re- sulted in a win for the visitors by the narrow majority of five runs. Score : TANNERY. ST. LUKE'S. Hayes b Hriughton I Percival b Burrows Baxley st Booth b Hough- Harper b Stoneley 0 ton &matey b Percival Burrow s b Percivat 0 Dutton b Burrows Hassan b Houghton Greenhalgla b Percival 0 Houghton b Burrows 7 14 um phreys b Houghton ... 0 Kirkham b Stoneley Rtnith b Houv.htou 0 Dean b Burrows Davies b Houghton 2 R Booth b Burrows... ...... 0 Forshaw not out 6 J Booth not out u Gavter b Percival Extras 3 Extras

Total

Total l5

===== 0002601_18950831_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY—Before Mr. A. Thomas (chairman) and

Mr. William Mortimer. UNSEUZZLED Does.—James Edwards, Frodsham, for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled at Frodsham on the 27th inst was fined ss. including costs. Thomas Fletcher, Helsby, and Thomas Littler, Frodsham Lord- ship were similarly dealt with for a like offence. I AN UNLICENSED DOG.—Joseph Hopley of Helsby was summoned for keeping a dog without a license at Helsby on the 30th July.—P.C's Breeze and Wetherby stated the case for the prosecution.—DAendant contended that the dog was not six months old, hut the magistrates con- sidered it was, and fined him 23. 6d. and costs. DRUNK ON LICENSED PREMISES.—WiIIiam Gaskell. shopkeeper, Frodshain Lordship, was summoned for tie- ing drunk on the licensed premises of John A. fiate,Belle Morite, overton, on the 6.ti of August—P.O. Wetherby stated that on the date named about 4-45 he was in com- pany with P.C. Price and visited Belle Monte. The defendant was sitting in a room asleep ins drunken con- dition by himself. Witness called the attention of the landlord to him, and there was great difficulty in eject- ing him. There was drink before the defendant when they went into the room. He had been there for several hours.—P.C. Price gave corroborative evidence.—A fine of 25.6 d. and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL FARISH COUNCIL.

Mr. William Long presided over a meeting of the Grap- penhall Parish Council,which was held on Monday night in the National School, Grappenliall. There were also Present—Messrs. Alan Lister Kaye, Richard Warburton, John Bradford, Thomas Borrows, Richard Boardman; Francis Ellison, and .1. S. Woodcock (clerk).—Mr. Kaye, when reporting on the proceedings of the Charity Com- mittee said that a letter had been written to the Eccles- iastical Commissioners with reference to the Bratt Charity, asking them whether the charity was eccles- iastinal or parochial. An acknowledgement of the letter had been received frcm the Commissioners, and tbev hid also replied in the lISU3I way—saying that the matter was baying attention—when asked to acquaint the Council of their opinion before this meeting. Nothing further had been heard of the matter, and the committee were consequently unable to advance until they had received a reply to their inquiry. Continuing, Mr. Kaye remarked that a letter had also been written to Mr. G. H. Linaker,Frodsham, asking by whose autho- rity the plot of land, mentioned at the Council's last meeting, had been sal, and what were the results of the sale. Mr. Linaker had not replied to that letter, bat when Mr. Kay,- met him a short time ago in a public street he said that if any member of the Council cared to go to Frodsham he would be permitted to look at his (Mr. Linaker's) books,and see the results of the sale of the land. He further said that the authority of the Local Government Board had been obtained before the land was disposed of. Under such circumstances Mr. Kaye thought the Council could gone further. Replying to the Chairman, Mr. Kaye said tt-at the words of the will concerning the BrattCharity clearly bequeathed the money "to the Parochial Schools of Grappenhall." These words seem to stamp it as a parochial charity, in which case the Parish Council had the power of controlling it.—The Chairman referred to the Johnson charity, and asked if everything had been done in reference to this charity.—Mr. Kaye replied that the committee had gone as far into the matter as possible and had found that the Council had no power over it.— Mr. Kaye reported on behalf of the committee who had been empowered to purchase a safe for the custody of the Council's books and documents, that they had not been able to fix upon one owing to a little misunderstanding which had arisen as to the day upon which the commit- tee should meet to select one. A certain day had been fixed, but Mr. Burrows had apparently mistaken that day for another, and had gone to Warrington for the purpose of joining the other members of the committee. —Mr. Burrows declared that the day upon which he went to Warrington had been definitely fixed upon in his presence, and if any alteration in the date had really been made it had been made when he was absent.— Finally Mr. Richard Warborton was added to the corn- ! mitter,and they were asked to continue their search tor I a suitable safe.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS CERRGE -AGAINST A CROFT

MAN.

somcrroßs AT VARIANCE.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Wednesday before Mr. James Tinsley,William Collier, farm labourer, Croft, was charged with having on the 3rd August in Croft. unlawfully and maliciously indicted grievous bodily harm upon James Weywell, with intent and malace, aforethought. Mr. J. W. Knowles, solicitor, Whines, prosecuted on behalf of Weywell, and stated that on the 3rd August Weywell was in a public-house at Croft. Collier being also there. They lived in opposite directions from the beerhnume and both left about the same time. Weywell, after a short de!av, proceeded on hi+ way home and had not got far from the public-house when he saw someone on the foetpath. This person gave him a" tup " with his elbow and knocked him off the foo,path. He was about to removstrate but before he could get the words out of his mouth he received a blow in the face which knocked him violently to the floor. The man on the footpath (whom complainant now recognised as Collier) commenced to kirk him and complainant became uncoil- PCiOUS. Abut 11 15 on that night a man of the name of Isaac Maynes was coming along the road when he saw Collier thumnin,T Weywell upon the floor and then com- mence to kick him. May nes thought prudence the better part of valour and did not interfere. A shower come on and Mavnes then moved off. During the time Collier was kicking Weywell, the latter was not Ren to attempt to defend himself. Maynes heard Collier say tt I'll pay you off for all the lot and will not stand any of your cheek any longer!' Weywell would tell them that for some years Collier had been in the habit,when they were in the same public-house, of smacking him in the face and giving him black eyes. So far back as five rears ago Collier had threated that he would "do for" Wev- well, and he had had a continuous ill•feeling towards him. Mr. Browne who appeared for the defence and had just entered the room. said : What has that to do with the present ea.e.' Mr. Knowles: A great deal, we are charging him with malice aforethought. Continuing he said that if after the evidence, the bench wet.a satisfied that Collier had laid in wait for Weywell there was proof of malice afore- thought or intent to do him grievous bodily harm. In consequence of the injuries he had received complainant had been off his work 14 working days and still felt pain in his back. . _

Mr. Browne said he had given notice that he would apply for an adjournment that day and there was nothing to be gained by goine on with the case that day. Mr. Knowles said that the notice reached him too late, and Mr. Browne had had time to get his evidence ready. There was good reason for going on RS he had all his witnesses there and was quite ready. They would want their expenses and if Mr. Browne would pay them he would consent to an adjournment but not otherwise. Mr. Browne said he had received instructions of the case too late to get it up and he had not a single witness.

.... Mr. Knowles still applied for a hearing of the case at once and Mr. H. Greenall, the magistrates' clerk, said it was the firFt time in his experence that solicitors could not come to an agreement for adjournment. _ . . •

The two Solicitors then, upon Mr. Tinsley's recom- mendation, retired for a few minutes to come to terms. On their return Mr. Browne said there was no poßsi• bility of coming to an agreement. He had never known his friend so obstinate. Mr. Browse applied for the ad- journment. Mr. Knowles said that inconvenience and expense were his objections, though he was informed th,tt the County would pay the latter. Mr. Tinsley said that the suggestion of malice afore. thought put a more serious aspect upon the charge,an4 seeing that Mr. Browne's unpreparedness woull pre• judicially affect the prisoner's case he would adjourn the hearing of the case until 2.30 on the afternoon of September 24th. This was agreed to.

Mr. Pierce Mahony, who represented North Me.tth until 1892, was chosen on Wednesday at a Parneliite Convention to contest the St. Stephen's Green division of Dublin against the newly appointed Irish Solicitor General.

A London correspondent says : I learn on the best ntnority that Mr. John Morley is at present busily en- on a history of the present century. It is intended to he a very big effort, and is expected to engage his attention for several years.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A. DISASTROUS TEIUNDER.CEAP AT

CROFT.

ONE BOY KILLED AND ANOTHER INJURED. On Tuesday afternoon about 3.20, a thunderstorm broke over the village of Croft with a fatal result. Samuel Yates, labourer, and a boy named Frederick Hayes (15), the son ot Peter Hayes, farmer, Mill- house-lane. Croft, were engaged gathering potatoes in a field off Millhouse-lane, when the storm burst. Both ran under a hedge when the rain came on,and immediately after getting to the hedge there was a vivid flash of lightning and a loud peal of thunder. Yates jumped out from the hedge, while the light- ning stpyck Hayes on the left side of the head, pas- sed do Mi the right side, and killed him instantly. Yates then ran to the lad and picked him up,finding his body burnt and cut. At the same time a boy named Sylvester was up a pear tree in the orchard of a farm close by, getting the fruit. Die sudden and loud clap of thunder so frightened him that he fell eut of the tree and frac- tured his thigh.

Definite inatructions have now been officially received at Southampton aa to the movements of the Indian war- ship Clive, which brought the Shadzada to this country, and has since been awaiting orders. She was to sail on, Thursday morning direct for Marseilles, which she will reach on September 3 or 4, and there embark the Shah- z tda. The Clive will then proceed, probably to Alexan- dria, Where the Shahzada will leave her and travel over land to Cairo, rejoining her at Suez, and then proceed 1 straight home. A correspondent of a London newspaper states : —" A friend of mine who has waited upon the I Shahzada on repeated occasions at Dorchester House, has given me some laughable accounts of his experiences. My friend's object in going was to do business, and he has taken some three thousand pounds from our dinky visitor. Before he could approach .he Prince, however, he found that palm oil on quite a royal scale was necessary. He tells me that the Shahzada is a great man at a bargain, but though he will spend hours to cheapen an article, if he really wants it he will pay for it. He has bought hundreds of watches, almost a cartload of clocks, and heaps of jewellery. When payment is made a sack of gold is dragged in by two atten- dants in good Eastern fashion, and the coins are counted out soletndly by two officials. The funniest thing my friend saw was the result of the Afghans' pathetic attempt to imitee English dress. They wear roughly-made trousers and have naked feet, but the strangest thing of all is the manner in which they deal with white shirts. These linen garments are allowed to hang a little lower than the frock coats, and the appearance of the Afghans is laughable in the extreme, and is made even more comical by their solemn faces."

&Kk,o

, 'l4^ `

===== 0002601_18950831_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LEIGH CHALLENGE CUP COMPETITION. NEWTON C. AND B. CLUB V. NORTH ASIITON.—At Earles- town on Saturday. Scores : NEWTON.

_ NORTH ASHTON. R Turner 9 G Shaw 21 T Fairclough 2l J Lowe lB J Crouchley l3 W Lowe 21 B Fairclough 2l J. Lowe 2O W Deyereux H William s 2l W Shaw, Ben ll R Lyth.goe 7 B Haselden J McCormick J Robinson 9 J Molyneux 3 Williamson 2l J. Taylor l2 A Clough 3 Abbott 2l J Birchall G Ryiance 2l T Shaw A McCoy 21 G Davies 2O 3 K ,an l6 W Shaw, jun 2l W Mills 288

===== 0002601_18950831_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
269 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

CEMETERY HOTEL V. HORSE AND JOCI-E-Y- (SECOND TEAMS).—The above teams met at the Cemetery Green on Saturday, when a close and exciting game ended in a victory for the home team by six points, the results depearing on the last game, as on completion of the 'eighth the teams were level. Mr. T. Reesom (Red Lion) officiated as referee. The following is a list of the indiv- idual scores :

OE MET KEY.

HOWIE AND ZOOLEY.

3 Ashton l6 3 Bowen lO 11 Williams W Haigh l5 B Hughes J Farrington 8 3 Woraley W Povey (oapt) l5 A Timmins 9 'EI Young l3 B Marshall l5 3 T Whittle W Barton A Ball l5 G Brown (oapt) 9

Total llB

Total ll2

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION.

LANCASHIRE V. Yortxximut.—The annual inter-county contest at bowls was played over the private green, ' Northumberland-at., Higher Boughton, on Saturday. It may be recollected that at the opening meeting, held at 1 Mirfield, near Hudderafield, in June, the Yorkshire aide won by the heavy majority of 134 shots, previous con- tests having finished in favour of Lancashire. On Satur- • day the Torkshi e team was composed of the best I players of the county, irrespective of the districts from which they were selected,but the Lancashire aide played , but one representative from each district affiliated. Mr. Harry Simpson (Withingtoti) was appointed umpire, and was assisted by Mr. Corney (Salford) and Mr. Beaumont (Huddersfield) as reterees. In the early rounds of the event Lancashire's successes were so'numerous that hope was entertained that they would entirely extinguish the majority against them ; the home team pulled off 75 shots in about ten engagements,but that number was re- duced as the game progressed to about half. Partly re- covering tbemselvea,their favourable balance again rose to 58 by the time all the players had been disposed of. Special interest was taken in the game between ISquire the Yorkshire amateur champion,and Graham,of Hinds- ford, who two or three times in the course of the struggle took the lead from his adversary, and was eventually only distanced by the odd point. The best contested games of the day were Beard v. Westwood, Walker v. Cheetham, and Pearson v. Kirkpatrick, all even at the 20th point, and each won by the odd shot. Runaway victories for Lancashire were achieved by the representatives of North Warring- ten, Newton, Urmaton, Chorlton, Croft's Bank, Brough- ton, Woodlands, flarpurhey, and Heaton Mersey: and for Yerkshire by Huddersfield, Mirfield,and Sandal. Of the 26 renresentatives of Yorkshire who gained victories at Mirfield, eighteen dropped their colours at Higher Broughton ; and of the eight winning districts of Lan- cashire. Pendleton, Chorlton, Withington, Broughton, and Old Trafford repeated their successes. The general result of the personal successes stood—Lsacashire 19, Yorkshire 15. The following are the scores in detail : LANCASHIRE. YORKSHIRE. 33 Moakin. president W 0 Coombs, vice-pres. 21 T Benton, vice-president 16 Brimelow, Warrington N. 21 H Fleetwood. Mirfield , A Stanes, Rig. Broughton 21 J Kaye, Chapeltown H Williams, New'n-le-W ... 21 W Hall, Chapeltown W Palfreyman, Croft's 8... 21 J chofielct, Ravenscrofts 10 W Rantoe. Didsbury J H Piaher, Urm'n Vic'a ... 21 0 Morley, Headingley T Turner,Chor'n-c-Hardy... 21 • W Brierton. Kirkstall R Taylor Brouliton 2l C T Mande, Holbeck H Bannister, Chor'n, Gr'n 21 B Shaw, Elland T Nolan, Timperley J Isherwood, Bed 'd Leigh 14 0 Clough, Huddersfield... 21 J. Leather, jun., Sef'n Park 21 C Gomersall. Waterloo... 17 Isaac Hampson. North'n P Westwell, Withington S Faulkner. Brooklands ... 14 R F Thompson, Mirfield 21 C Brar,shaw. Douglas ... 19 B Cookston, Clifton 2l Tow s, Levenskulme ... 15 A Verity, Dewsbury W Wells, Heaton Irersey 21 J Ramsden ll Bair I. Whalley R'ge... 20 0 Hodgson. Dewsbury Cooper, Old Trafford 21 S Ramsden, Clifton l6 W Cummings. Walton ll W Cass, Mirfield Fairbrother, War'ton S 11 011 Stead, Huddersfield 21 A Kirkpat'k, Pen'ton (Lr) 21 H S Pearson Spen Vie—. 20 W H Walker. Cheatham ... 20 J Cheetham, Clifton T Leyland, Wigan 2l J Haigh, Ravensthorpe ... 19 $ Schofield, Harpurhey A Beard, Pend'eton W 2l W Westwood, Catlett A M-ce, Urmston N 2l MW Nicholson, H'dingl'y 15 J Graham Hindsford F Knowles, Cheet'm Hill 21 W Sykes, Low Moor l2 W Follows, Stretford J Jackman, Low. Beugh't 19 J Tomlinson, Clifton

Total 634

Total 576

HONOURS FOR WARRINGTONIANS.

• In the county championship bowling match between Lancashire and Yorkshire, Warrington were represented by two players. The town's reputation in the encoun- ter was upheld by Mr. J. D. Brimelow (captain of the Warrington Cemetery team), who played Mr. H. Fleet- wood (a noted player from the Mirfleld Bowling Club), the game, after peeling at eight each, resulting in a sub- s'antial win for the IVarringtonian by nine points- -21-12. Jr will be remembered that Mr. Brimelow when at Mir&ld beat his opponent by 16 points, the game then ending 21.5. For these performances he has secured the gold medal presented by the Lancashire and Cheshire County Bowling Association for thr best average in the two encounters, his record being 42 points to 17. Mr. R. Fairbrother (Bull's Head Club) alsia took part in the match, but was not so successful as his fellow-towns- man, and had.for an opponent Mr. G. H. Stead, of Bud- der:field, the latter securing a verdict in his favour of 21-11. The gold medal has only been offered on three occasions, and this is the second time it has reached Warrington, Mr. F. BPITT, a member of the Bull's Head Club, obtaining it in 1894. Mr. Brimelow is to be com- plimented on his performance, as to secul'e the best aver- age out of a team of 34 players representing Lancashire is a splendid achievement for so young a player.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW NORTHERN FOOTBALL UNION.

The "Yorkshire Evening Post," of Wednesday night, coßtained the following

" As is already known, till whole of the Yorkshire 12 have joined the Northern Union, and the following nine Lancashire clubs, we have been given to understand, will cast in their lot :—Oldham, Wigan, Warrington, Tyldesley, Rochdale Hornets, Broughton Rangers, St. Helens. Leigh, and Widnes. In addition, Stockport (Cheshire) are said to have applied for admission ; Run- corn are believed to be probable starters ; and some Durham and Northern clubs are starred doubtful run- ners—they may or may not join. This gives a nucleus of 22 clubs to commence with-12 Yorkshire, nine Lan- cashire and one Cheshire. Obviously there are too many to permit of runnirnz the Union or the League en the competition system. :The result will be that the Yorkshire Senior Competition will be con- ducted as last year by its old management; will play for its old shield, and be run upos its old lines. Lancashire and Cheshire may be split off into a separate group—or, provided sufficient clubs join, two groups. If other counties throw in their lot, they, too, might form yet other groups, the whole governed by the old transfer laws as concerning the clubs within its organisation. Probably there will be instituted in the vague future some county championship scheme to provide the attrac- tion, which will have to be cut away by the secession from the Union, in the shape of the legitimate county championship. Possibly also, in the nebulous yet to be, there will be an Inter-county Challenge Cup contest, to fill up the vacancy left by and clash with the Yorkshire Cup. These things are in the cloud as yet, but are being mooted. Coming to the question of the Association game, the promoters of the Union think they have reason to believe that the English Association will not suspend their grounds and thus prevent them from playing under the Associa- tion code. They believe the Association to be a militant body, willing and anxious to obtain a footing in the West Riding, and they hope to be able to secure recog- nition as an independent body,rather than treatment as a band of outlaws. They may or may not be justified in this view. Again, as to the conduct of sports, from which the whole of the clubs mentioned draw a substan- tial revenue. So wholesale a stoppage of athletic gather- ings would doubtless be a serious thing for the A. A.A. and N.C.U. The former body, we stated on the author- ity of Mr. Rowland Hill, yesterday, have no arrangement with the English Rugby Union as to suspended clubs or grounds ; it is not at this precise moment known whether the N.C.U. are In a similar position. The Northern Union promoters at present feel that they might secure some differentia treatment for their players who are now amateur' runners, on the ground that they are ant professionals ipso facto, but are only paid tor broken time. But such a thing is obviously impassible—the A. 4.A. are not likely in their case to make a distinction they will not draw for the more powerful body of the Football Association. The professional footballer and the professional cricketer are alike debarred from running at amateur athletic sports, and it will probably be found that the Northern Union will have to fall back upon the expedient of run- ning sports for two classes of competitors—the very pure and the semi-professional. This may or may not he allowed, but in that direction their wishes are tend- ing. So. far, we have been unable to gather when the new Union will commence its programme of matches." I

imm

, I

===== 0002601_18950831_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTONIANS IN

AMERICA.

---- LIFE IN THE FAR WEST. We have been favoured .by Mr. J. Handy witli the following extracts from letters received by from Mr. James Winstanlev. an old Warringtonian, who went to America and settled in the Far Well aboat seven years ago. We think the extracts Virli.. be of interest to Mr. Winstanley's friends and ea' readers generally. In a letter dated July 7th•ll3' ne Mr. Winstanley wrote, " I received yours of .111 ~ 20th on Friday, and I am glad to learn you are well. lam happy to say we are all in good healt. and my daughter having recovered from the reees illness though she is still under the tend taking my doctor. I in,:, the mountains in a gulch 900 feet deep. the soda springs called Wilhoil. It is awaY up wife and daughter and Barry They 97.136, is s det nyo onot willm much ebhe intendnfoefir icamp there for about two weeks and take ityee, rest and the soda water at the same time. they I "(le ti nt of me to sayot talo d i nt t nhane h s y both trbeekr I shall" the team and drive there and per stay ate days and then fetch them away weep chef _a_ ready to go home. My son, John, has been $l, t 4 rtet heaelpl iatchbeoe. tln3neesesd ee this last week to a place called Ailsea 138.1 wile in the Selkirk range of mountains about Joy lice from here—a wild country where no 0118„, tor within 14 miles. There are three of thew g°'"f rit les 0' two weeks, two travelling on their biefr, oolt little over 160 miles and then resorting "Ib'cr,ass• horses and leaving their wheels at a farm 4" a ,- boat-, the other driving a team of if buCs food kind of light mountain rig with all the" ball hunting and fishing outfit. One of the threcei 00 been there before en a prospecting toill'frstrepies located a gold mine. He will bring hii,°,,^ tling and of oar while the other boys are out el„,",- there, hunting. I would liked to have gooe ri"""waY, but I could not arrange my work sons to ge",,- sad I expect a trip like that would suit both P..`" oer your boys. I would truly like to have Y°"sicati- here and spend a good long holiday in thh otber_,'. tains with you. It is there you epic*? sa'd fro' company most because you are so saPorakte ais of; the rest of the world, you depend so Mac" -0 vie" the other. Youlaughed at my going dOladid 00 after a snake. Well, I can assure yo_,ll, ,r laugh over it. There was a spice of "ea- s There were were over ten feet of water and looe ...btesa work drawn together to an opening about Flaked inches in diameter, and the snake darted hi° eee it, tongue out so rapidly I was scarcely able t° A and' I had to hold base , • d on to the ladder with elle „mnalov,, then with my foot and bucket chased the 64 0,800 reptile round the well until I succeeded il it in the bucket when you bet I eteppee mop ladder pretty lively to get rid of my lire.lY etiAs• ' The boys soon despatched him with their,.oo jos! I We had the American "glorious 4th JulYft'bad ee' week. It was a miserably wet daY. tho eserl I rained for over a month, but shewere'l eitere - all day—a gentle warm rain. It did ail ig tbe large amount of good, only sPillii: Ord fun of the people. I was ree,", je the I for the fine young ladies dressen.eces rid,... lightest costume with bare arms and low "ree reo se" ing on a beautifully decorated wagon to L;serion Art. It rained hard while the parade land the people who were expn,ed to it 7, r 2tiriatrietl catch a chill in this hot climate. As tO t ;ef theal speeches I just simply detest them. gcir CO „ are so much political humbug, and so, °i's oar cotco did not listen to them but drove hotoeheereninAds ered carriage. We drove up again in t7,,tock, see the fireworks and got home at 11 °' • g Y°- dlo for is the American holiday. I think a small case of Oregon prunes, if I can rati,n_tiva vellie you to examine them and see their reloess efsotool with French prunes, and if you can dis,Pave soaletea to advantage another year you can, 2:0 aorae; to the choicest shipped to you. I shall "7, be gleed 1 or twelve tons of green prunes and sli,s`.o3 sell, 6 get half a cent, per pound for them. 1 9 The Cilil shall not get more than a quarter cen,l3. r0,.,6 are so great that people cannot handle tflv, doll, strictly fine fruit I have been offered t,,w;to Os eiojo per ton. If I can get the dealt rto bola (illee,(10 aa" 0, tract I shall take him up as I have ne " ° r will he the best I can do. You see we lis 0 yoll,' lot of work fer a little moneY• writes: Vl' On July 28th, Mr. Vi'instanleY • b 0 on iog enjoyable letter of July 9th came to _sae &servo day, and although I do not think I w I told voe do of so much abuse, simply because = Y I nJ •oyscl 00 e truth about your dirty old climate, on tha-t ii ie letter immensely. I was pleased to learn are were all well, and I am happY to saY ,civell2 yOO the same condition. You advise me `"" .., hatter, Scc. lisfe' growing and go in for eggs and -- haviag re 0 seem to fOrget the hard times we Fresh eggs area glut on the market ll'ouatt, aalioff dozen and fresh butter et fivepenee a F.d A en Olia of on. Strawberries that last year st,sr"vor, tbe per measure started at fivepence t°lo,'tiou course they have been lower in Prr 0 saYe,"eefilv season—just paying for picking on Y od tbeysi long. %Diop, g ing of hauling and cultivating all s have no money to buy our produce Life able °ADO./ do without it. The only show is to e.. 8 any iiete things away to England. Ido not°`coeh 0.4 of even of living unless we can get mere aluol.w.ade there the Ikl are too many producers for ait of al egos° consumers. There will be tons of ir ,ear he wife left rotting on the ground this c0.11410015t 1r kat I there is no market for „,001 °°,3 this niece within reach of Dve'read ui—eigie, should be all right. Strawberries _ibbls• at rsspberries and blackberries are 5,%,.c. roch ; boxes for a shilling or three cents a,"e., csat'..t eel' rent. for packing and the boxes cos, (i' labour 'to be tl•ere is one cent. for the berries dailhe ' bac: Pt°. tivation and hauling to town, and .1 'a't th+l a offal' e hoice fruit or they would ric)t se- re "till orl ele As I told you in my last letter 1 lispe eel be os; of twelve dollars per ton for P°ll.l3feajt WII trees, but nothing but the choicesb LI, one oeSie cepted and this will leave a..„b° opail rll throw away. This is just to 9110” Yerve „ditl in fruit is out here. Ido wish I could.ecoree "oil 0 with fruit. Our people have kis, DeeirtY„ebes gallon of blackberries for table use. ealli" tea a d la , gt them are one inch long and tw° sad .there d PI round. They were all of theta Poe, an 0010. minutes. Large blackberries 0" aid eellag o sweet as sugar. lam sure Y°ll wOvisre goo gt, In my last letter I told Y"'l ;ve„,„o did ,aescl,,Pof Wilhoit soda springs. '",,afains 1,,n; OP IG there hut we went in tile 010-1., at to" „ge, ~.4 two weeks. We lived in a te;cades 0-005, Elkhorn Mountain, one of the 1,40 of uskop S, . just goes up to the snow line. flbvigeer up Mount Floreb. It is a little out at 'it IWe horn. There was a spring gushing „,ot drille. it was so cold that you nouldooo 00 0 iieso'ist swallows of water; it made InY woj led.„ht s.cl took a guide up—an old hunter--a ail 01.04., b 7 0. hound up. Two parties stayed ul_' tont v°„"rorlo hunted for deer and bears at davbrebeoeys. Wed ;le flobs no luck. I came dawn wills the ay up Oa off Ire cougar howl when we were half wadeberrie 10 o'e,,if, where the bears had stripped illiertheir eilla trile're bushes that morning The prints 0, _„ri be ,oril I) fitr very plain. lean hardly begin to des:ou. .idofe_,, It was certainly the roughest I evere'rhaps liu;s oten'avr to Meharas it is a gradual rise of P cd 00 0, 'ere and then come the foot-hille, sotto ~ up thee eg 0 00 that the horses could hardly scratc"tbe gra '6, faro people walked the last ten miles' ei.e tear°t her°to tai t a so steep and dangerous. We took l.n s, an oo abe I.A- ever a team can go in the mountave bY f tb° nag came under a beautiful maple gilt), Fork 0 _ro n'oe mountain stream called the Nort on so Pliiie 0,0 tian River. We ceuld see sal!nstc as os, tee swimming forty feet down illae on a w v s ao a° possible, some of them verY eat 00, fp had all the fruit eve cow TheY,stir finest fish in the world I believ!). te flay" le vim so ou lo° very big but they have a mosl del , 0 1 ere„ fish, and one of the grandest sige rovers ,sieg 00 feur of the lads, some wi 1 th °l,ery sly isos °so through the rapids and catch a 81' Soaletoje ts.f, Of course there WWI lots of funt'o the r, voile`ie would slip of the boulders uP,ders in t"d poor sometimes even up to the shoutB,4B ail ,ad ;0 I and three others took our kl _n__"ohnula_fo.aotole horses as far as we could, and th,e_u„, the !„ OP.„'„ packs and took the foot trail rig..n..te"iirsil . wes se ife to a place called Cedar Creek. ;in reciP!cdy ood with P id • one foot wide in some places ‘,OO gAstolg,„beg other side deep enough to make with V- -. r.l 0,,r met three men on the trail armed i d t's . _,, , ets ail 'r eir o-t,.ey large knives and with buck ‘...,, e were going prospecting. We "%ito h,,st d, vill"efresero ours Tti 8 backs against the mountain 4nst rolled ~,,, stepped over our feet. We .1---the braCke.`:a on 'to in our blankets and sletit on ,l;_hair ferlior ca fo are thousands of acres of taalur_.„eted t foot-hills. The next day 7 folks. Su; where we left the women know it was a bard walk far i1i,x,:710,e tali; .1100 sore for two days after. I sthto I , there. A-eors° i Sunday but I could notuaelc- °' ' goes out only once a wee oa_ will get this just as soon."

sl

===== 0002601_18950831_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

AUGUST

FROM WARRINUTCN TO ,r4)11 Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 359 , Sundays 10 15 a.m. Atmr and Hillhouse-7 12.8 31,a1l 15,1 14.e3 15,a 40, a6' 59!"691 936, 25, 8 50. a Stops if required. ,aluningham (L & N -W.)530.03 23 7 10.9 50, 12 0, 1 50,3 11, 145. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30.3 23,10 13, 4 2C, 11 35. a Mon- *Mondays excepted. 5°65500t Midland)-6 14, 932, 1155, 12 65, 3 20, 50, ,1,1'158. Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. 4 ?Odium-937, 520. 5 45, 8 35, 955, 1225, 2 40, 3 48, 6 .847 10 2. Sundays 843.60. 3310Backpool-5 20, 5 45, 835. 955, 11 40, 12 25, 240, , a 48, 4 43, 614, f 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 6 0. 3 /41'16011---2 45,6 45,3 ,9 19 10 0, 10 0.12 14,12 25,2 40,3 20, 4);. '121,6 05 9 18 Sundays 7 0. 8 43 a.m., 5 0.6 0,8 58.1).54• 237.'31135'16-2 37,5 20, 546, 955, 11 40, 2 40, 348. Sundays 4,o,be,s,ter-7 30a. 7 42'9 5;10 2.3,12 7,12 15,1 40,2 55,2 33,3 20, 7ri,2" +1.64,7 42, 1014. 11 32. Sundays 8 44.10 26, am, 7 45, a Mondays and Saturdays only. bArpley. ,01aut Green-710. 8 20. 105. 127, 115, 330, 348,55, 40 7 818, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 843, 60. 5j".„4-a3 0, 5323, 710, 828, 950. 10 45, 120. 150, 1134 'll, 515, 12), 1135. Sundays 30. 3 23, 10 15,4 2), • 421ondays excepted. bMondaye only. 1)617--7 42, 95, 12 15. 2 33. 3 20, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 -31* 45 p.m. )-614, 959, 1155, 1255, 320,50, 1153, a., 4 25 p.m. 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 5, 10 40.12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 20,7 8. 9 25, 10 10. Sundays,? 40,8 35, 843, 3. 40, 520, 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15 no. 9 45 p.m. 'y & lenketh-7 38, 8 25, 943, 11 53, 25, 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. 42, 9 5, 1023,1225.230.320,422,511,64, ys 844 a.m.. 7 45 p.m. „ire Lines)-1 12, 7 56, 831, 9 5, 12 0, 10, 80, c 930, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays .rdays excepted. -240, 520, 955, 1140. 1235. 2 25, .3 IS, 10 13. 2 40, 1z:51,64,rue-6 45,7 18,9 35, 10 40,12 35, 1 15, 38, 538, 717, Sundays 8 43, 6 0. lireen-7 12, 7mg 31, 95, a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10.4 0 19 80, 59 9 30, alo 20. Sundays kiituT,ls. 2 39, 1 3'.J 9 18, aMondays and Saturdays only id64**36l excepted. llicidaal and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 16, 70, 915 Lutl4l,l 8 56, 10 12, 3 2.0. 5 15, 9 35. 1849, ,Tri2-Prorn Arpley Station-6 20,7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, i1ik4.4:4 36, 1 16. 3 38. 4 11. 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13, „ 50. 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. 4235 11:40,,n I (L..& N.-w.)---525. 710. 8 20, 835, 10 5, 127, 456,'67in• 55, 6207 8, 1020- Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, L• i,„ 45. Prom High Level Plattorm. 4113 11)401 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,9 43,10 10, 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 848, 2 40, 7 50, 9509'ZP*4 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530, 7 12, 756, 8 31. 15, 950, 11324, 2030, 1050, 11 50, 120, 2250. 1257, 151 ;e1,150,210,250.38. 331, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 816, ._ 80, 8 50,9 6, 920, 10 15 10 46. alllo, 11 39 118,-ir„*35,5 30, 90, 9 45, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20, 2 39, 710, 830, 10 33. aliacept Mondays. 52,8 -,CeP (L. & N.-W.)-a3 0, 53 23, 735. 950. 1048, 120 5108,47° 58,5 15, 6 30, 1135. Sundays 3 0. 10 15, 4 20, 11 35' Aa3r6 touct excepted bNiondays only. 688da (*I (Midland)--6 14. 959, 11 39. 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. 7,,,,J411 45 iLm 25 p.m. 4111' Zl3l-6 20. 7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 1049, 12 36.1 16, 3 38, 48 Y 18.6 492 6 13. 78. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850, 38. 8 10. Illikusu'B4Y6 Only. cFroin Arpley Station cWedneadays and 54a6.43's excepted 18, 04el1e4ter (L. & 11.-W.)-2 45, 825, 919, 10 40, 12 14, 80.720, 4 21, 65, 711, 8 11,9 18. Sundays 2 45,7 40, a.m., 2,18 41, 8 5). From High Level Plattoim. 790 il,,chester (Prom Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-'6 20 111818„. 55.8 57, 9 55,10 46, 1 14.3 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10. 11 40. 5/-44 8 46, 3 5. 815, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. 1,55 1811"ter (Chestili e Lines)-7 0, 155. 8 16, 8 55, 90, 'O. 1125, 11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 455, 555 881;67,7 65, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 955, alo 0, all 15, 11 50, 11 57a. aolit 856,937, 1012, 35, 32, 815, 118, 8 55, 9 22, 144141190, 10 0. aSaturdays only. 51084 ewial-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 535. 7 20. - 720. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 1001,54110e-Willowa-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, 717' ,80, 1214, 1225. 115 3 20, 348, 4 21, 5 35, 6 25, 50711,9 18, 10 10. Sundays 2 45,7 40. 843, am.. 335, 50, 1,4,61. a 58, 945, ablondays only. 5218914641-7 0, 755,8 16,8 47,10 27. 11 0, 1227,1 44, 2 17,3 55, pr"l2, 9 15. Sundays 856, 10 12, 350, 815,9 35. 11e„„Ilt°,6-2 37. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35 Aay .4.0, 3 48, 445, 5 3 , 614, 117, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 35, 6 8 9 45. aSaturtiars only. -7 38, 825,943, 11 53, 2 5, 320. 512,617,80, 915661cey (for Penketl4-7 56, 95, 105, 110, 12 0, 15, tay: 15,8, 40. 5 29, a 6 J, 10,80, z 930, 610 20, 10 46. Sun It!1125. 239, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' only, (0.L.e.5 4▪ 8161.c,i (Midland) via Chinley sad Dore Line Bt, ,L 0 55, 1227, 255, 46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, 448 eus-5 25, 7 10,8 28,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 835, 8 43, 60, 945 414 (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11. 15, 49,4'14 15, 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50. The, 43'8 Only. 818 -.520,722,80.90.958,1049,1236,116,338,411, 4y. 513, 74. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- -1070°T113. From Arpley Station. 1,0 1;166 (Cheshire Lines) -756, 8 31.9 5,10 5,11 0.12 0,1 5, 58, 0, 5 29, 60,10, 80.9 10, a 9 30, blO 2). Sun- -44 90, 9 36, 239,9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays W b 23 sill*: (L. and N.-Vir-) -7 33, 3 25, 9 43, 1010, 11 53,2 5 Wig- -n." 6 '7, 8. 0i 9 48, Sundays, 8 43, 2 40, 7 50. 231,• -3 20. 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 1 15. z 2,.. 2 40. 3 48,4 45, 535. 614, 8 47. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 843, 3 35, 60. 945 aSaturdays only.

ti.T.l3y

am.,

STSI 10,, 47,94:

,--431 2'40 a., err i 7, a 7.trOClehani_7 ". Qat, • F Z 5, 7tlU (C- -. 40 40, Chturda'

Sund,t)

(Cheshiin

.a.m.

Act° Bridge_..76° WARRINGTON FROM cosy. 753 3 36, 7 45.8 52, 11 43, 37. 440, 644, 18 29 Attea.„ • 4 2. 20 z ' kid 26 Hillhous • e-1 16 718, 8 24, 954. Sundays 22 i:nurd,„'„,,, • "10, 5 5-i,ts"ara (L. & 84.-W.)-3 1.0, 550, 720,90, 11 40, 15, I 25, 1145. Sundays 310, 12 15, 70. 45aha It ( Aidlandy-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 10t ql,ll 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 9 20. 1255. Mix- tl9lBnkt, 5 40 30, 8 50, 10 48, 12 35, 1 55, 3 20, 755. 10 12, „ 11424 80, , 425 itool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 1210, 1035, 11 40. .0, 5 55,7 10, 8 35, 100. Sundays 7 40. 1 35, 5 15, 8 0., entral)-8 0, 8 27, 855. 955. 1010, 20, 250. "5.t• 815, Sunday s 710, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. 65,5, tzon-5 4506 55, 0, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35. 2 20. 415, 513. ,s'arl ,25001,:ei.tt1en,.....6 a • Sundays 8 20 a m 610 920 p.m. alHondays . .„ only. 91"--12 5,12 10a 6 50, 8 40, 9 30, 12 38,1 40. 4 22,5 38. Y 4 125 8 41. 12 10 p.m. alidondays only, 3&, 20. 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10 4,111, 5. 530, 635. 735, 835, 10 J. Sundays 20, 630 ,tolut,- 7.•,' 35, P m. a,aturdays only. "4,5 ',„r. en-6 39,7 16.8 42.10 9,11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 R r „,° 23, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 81 . a.m. 7 15. 40,e6 s'-"jd 1. '4 42 60, 8 13. 9 20. 11 5, 11 10, 25, 235. e 8, 9 20. Sundays 21. 4 42, 7 10, 2 40, 40. 9 12. -"ilrY-8 16. 10 17 1143. 2 47, 5 22, 99, 1037 a. 1441,3'87 21. 7 37p . ;z-aturd.....ys only. Z.13.1.cY-8 15 10 2071 10' 35, 3 50, 4 45, 70. 83, a 1235 ,45.11,,"48.day5' 7 30,6 18, 6'50, 3 33. aßacept 1:4t,0r -6 51, 659, 720, 848, 9 32, 1013. 11 28, "4414,1 10, 47. 2 15, 325, 5 10,5 53, 630, 7 38,9 12, 1050. 341, 9 52, 40, 724 7 3 .1. 9 55. ,fiddr., 88-10 20, 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 60. a.m. 9_l_o. 21LPereV & Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 1224, . 17, 3 21 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 87. -",,°•l‘ -29ra-7 Sunday% 6 59 bC., 93, 10 2, 11 27, 232. 47, 5 27, 6 57. 757 ,51.,""4.• 7 16 p m. aSaturdays only. n(Cheshire Line.)-:5 44, 6 27, 745; 90,9 10. 10 40, 2 13. 36, 420. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 657, 93, Eilas "MAYS 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. blhR°W-- 1010 20, 555. 95. s.mdays 550. 95. -112, Ine---6 44, 826. 1022, 1228, 2 41, 535, 7 18, 91, 9 40.7 5. 6 ',.. een--6 40, 7 58. 8 25, 9 9, 10 3,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 319' 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 837, 9 20,3 31, 4 55, '4lladu',4l4 Cadisheacl (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, 852. 1123 La.t:3ll's 10 69, 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. s,'L----8 13, 840. 932 10 5, 11 17, 1 20, a 145, 213 "03, f 5,".,, 05 41 6 7. 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. la% ekpoo (via Earlestown)-a2 35, 60, 80. 920. 1150, 1411. (1-3.4°' 4 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, "11 15. Sundays 730, 920, %Mondays only. *Saturdays only. • e",killes-6 25.8 20;9 5, 9 55. 12 35, 1 30. 2 40, 3 38, 4 2), 0, 10 45. Sundays 7 45, 210 7 20. 10 45. 3.591-tMcl (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 25. 8 30. 8 45, 9 30, 10 311 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, '5, 4 30, 4 40, 4 5,, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30. 8 0 .?°,,, 9 30, alO 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230. 1,4471° 30,8 30.833 95,9 35.alMondays and Saturdays only. ,0 1-2°,1,1 .& 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, Sundays 10 0 m. 50, 100. 120. ,40.-"Vn (Midlan.cl)-5 15; 10.5, 120, 20, 40. 50. a 915 Lydays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays '-'a--'18„ 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 119 111. 31 37. 25.2 50 641,741,933, 1119. Sundays 825, 225. bhn 48aturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 5, y %11,"tor (L & N.-W.)-6 0, 6500 7 0, 85. 940, 11 25 . 41. 63'12, 38.3 45,4 25,5 10,75, 9 20,10 48. Sundays 80. 950, "441 y. 40 40. From liachange. aMondays and Saturdays 'l-n-elter (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, ' 49,1 1, 3 40, 65 5, 520. 6 5. 7 5. 855, 10 45. Sundays tht •tv, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. (Ch 6 Ilehester 48 T 20, 830, a 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 eBhire Lin")-6 30 230 330,430. 10 45, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45, 1 , . "4s 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 8 33. 9 55. alo 50,11 0. Sun- -0,9 25,9 30,10 40.1 40.20 25,6 40.8 15,9 40. essBoo- - Saturdays only. I,l,,`"llevtich-6 58 11 27. 2 42, 61. ;t-7 0, 9 6 1157 320 4 55. 657. Sundays 8 15,4 48. __ -Wilfows, 6 47. 6 65, 7 30. 8 42. 9 24. 1.0 9. 11 23, 48. 1 6 1 303 4, 47,458,55. 5 49, 6 27,7 30. T 35, n 11 8. Su d'y 7 51, 8246 830 949. 100. 3 55, 7 20, 11 5. -90. 10.6. 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. Sun- ttr.l, 883, 11 20' 232, 9 12 10 13. i.,12; 4"Z-42 11,62 36: . 5 50.6 25,9 5,9 125,9 39,11 20,11 28,1 C, 447, Ss`V.,' 759, 930.10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, os huh " (Mondays excepted. bMonday mornings only 22,grli-839,919,10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 256, 440, 545. 9. 31C (for Penketh)-6 51, 8 9. 841. 925, 10 19, 1124, " 49, ,;.,06 25. 2 40. 344, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 726. 934. Sundays „ Bh, '4,• 5 7, 928, (C.L.C.) 56.-tlel (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 21. 8t I, • Stm.l44, 8 15. .1•-lts—e 25,7 U' e 28, 9 13, 9 55,11 15,12 o. 12 50, 1 30, 4 45,5 15, 610, 10, 90. le 30, "1120. Sundays 808 . ,4./n . 655, 95. *Saturdays only. N- -450 3port(Lord Street) -810, 102& 1125, 10. 215, 0, 85, a 9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90, 2 5,8 0. aSatus- -141w511.....89 8 36, 9 28, 1010, 1113, 115, al 41, 29, 255, ' 2): 3, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, ‘9. aSaturday s only. bSaturdays excepted. :20 11 'u. 5 (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33,10 33,1216,1 4, 210,9 B'. 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays. 824, 2 50. 75 . •33s- „ hire Lines)-8 30.9 15, 109, 11 12. 1225. 125. 141. 5 29.6 12. 7 16.7 56.9 25. all 42 Sundays 842, - I,s 20. aOn Saturdays only. 1 2 41, 35. 633 815. 9 31. 10 10, 11 ?.3. 1215. 'll%. Qu, 3 38.4 54, 5 25,6 10, 7 5. 8 52, 171•,3 40, 6 55, 11 13, 3 5 a.m. 1030. Set. ys 2 41,

• , aid • 1,. a Zul 1451.6 c•I451.6c• ;13klinou 'Shy'

1

, ,

===== 0002601_18950831_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
(Siiiiland' 11 4S - '

WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

An ordinary monthly meeting of the above Council was held in Mr. Sutton's Chambers,Bewsey-st., on Wed. nesday afternoon, the Rev. G. F. Roberts presiding There were also present Messrs. William Houghton. J. Dignum, J. W. Knowles, T. Halton, J. Houghton, and J. Ball ; also Mr. S. Sutton (clerk), Mr. F. Ker- toot (nuisance inspector),Mr. William Owen (surveyor), and Dr. Sephton. (medical officer).

RE-APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. The Crinit, after reading the accounts for the past month, read a letter from the Local Government Board sanctioning the re-appointment of Dr.Sephton as medical officer for June 1895 and June 1896, at a salary of £100; also the re-appointment of Mr. F. lierfoot as nuisance inspector at an increased salary of £llO. THE BROOIC AT PENKETH. Correspondence was read from Captain Hughes' agent with reference to the diverting of the sewage from Pen- keth brook through a sewer which the Council proposed to cut through his land, and which stated that Captain Hughes was prepared to grant permission for this on pas„ment of £1 per annum. Mr.DIGNIIM recommended that this be allowed ,and Mr. Halton having seconded, the motion was carried. In the Nuisance Inspector's report was a complaint that the brook had overflowed its banks and filled a tank at Penketh Hall, owing to there being a flood and high tide at the same tinge.—lt was decided to let Mr. Ditchfield increase the height of the bank of the brook with clay and charge the Council.

A DANGEROD'S BRIDGE AT COLLINS GREEN. A letter was read from the clerk to the Burtonwood Parish Council dated August Ist, stating that he wa directed to ask for one or two lamps to be put under the Railway Bridge at Collins Green, which was dark and dangerous. He also directed the Council's attention to the water supply of Mr. Whitfield's cottages at Col- lins Green, complaints having been made as to its inade- quacy. After Some discussion it was decided that the Parish Council be met and the questiens considered. The CLERIC reported that the audit of accounts was finished and that the auditor reported favourably upon them.

THE SURVEYOR'S REPORT. Mr.OwEN,the surveyor reported that the drains of the houses belonging to the Colliery Company, at Collins Green, were well in hand and nearly ready for connec- tion to the main sewer, so that arrangements would shortly have to be made to deal with the sewage at the filtering tanks. He also reported that the streets Off Liverpool-read, Sankey Bridges were now ready to be handed over to the Highway Board.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BA.NKRUPTCIES IN 1894. A GRADUAL IMPROVEMENT.

The twelfth annual report to the Board of Trade, the subject of the administration of the bankruptcy Acts for 1894, shows that the number of receiving orders made was 476. or involving liabilities £6,963,806. The assets realised £2,349,267, leaving an estimated loss sus- tained by the creditors of £5,584,173. These figures compare favourably with those of thepreceding year,tor the recdving orders are less by 112 with liabilities re- duced by £528,561, and assets less by only £469,181. The estimated loss to creditors is less by £204,763 than in 1893. The deeds of arrangement registered nambered 3,894, a deorease of 44, while the liabilities, £6,419,099, were less by 1,154,767. The estimated loss to creditors was only £4,311,316, as against £5,280,165 in the previ- ous year. The number of failures scheduled last year show a reduction amounting to nearly two per cent.,while the liabilities show a reduction of over eleven per cent. The The foregoing figures, observes the Inspector General in Bankruptcy in his report, and the fact that during the present year the failures continue to show a progressive decrease upon the figures of 1894, confirm the generally prevailing impression that the condition of business is slowly improving, and the year 1893 may probably be regarded as indicating the high water mark of insolvency over a considerable period. With regard to the chief causes of insolvency the " Insprctor-General remarks : —Among the trading failures these may be summarised as follows—a lack of business , capital ; ignorance of book-keeping or want of attention to books and accounts; excessive trade credit given to i untrustworthy customers; misplaced confidence in employees either at home or abroad ; the system of accommodation bills ; reckless speculation in produce, carried on when the debtor knows himself to be insolv- ent. In the financial and speculative failures, apart from ordinary trading, the chief features appear to be those which arise from the temptations afforded to ingen- ious persons by the state of the law relating to joint stock companies for the formation of companies which do not meet, and are frequently, not intended to meet, any real public requirements,and the numerous breaches of trust which frequently accompany failures of this class. In cases of gambling and personal extravagance, Am., the chief sufferers are the unfortunate debtors them- selves. In the case of speculative adventurers, more especially where the speculation is carried on by meana of company promotion, the main result, so far as the public is concerned, has been to throw considerable di:- credit upon the latter form of enterprise. The injurious effects of trading failures are wider in their range, although perhaps not so fully appreciated or understood. The point which the Inspector-General emphasises is that where a debtor has once realised that his capital is lost, and that he is trading entirely at the risk of his creditors any deliberate attempt to carry on his business by sel- ling goods at a loss for the sake of keeping himself afloat, is and ought to be recognised as far more injurious to the commercial interests of the trading community as a whole than some even of the specific bankruptcy offences which are dealt with under the criminal law.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE °II

Cure _ Sallow Complexion, Sick Headaches prompt,. and cure them so as to stay awed. Chenalats.3a.

°

WTIFUL . UBO daily en 'O7

Ant dentifrice in the world.. -

Cleanses the-t-eeth.and spaceS between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Adlr for 8040DO1T. *OIL

1 _ LIVER PILLS. • Small MI. BEAUTIFU' TEETH anal Don, for all who WM ( on the tooth , AR 114,Thi Small Price. brash e' 'TILE Forty in a SOZ "1,.. IV E R idol the gleans: ,Fa Purely Vege- e - __ table. • Torpid Liver, Bile, 'don, and Tompt,,ly :

===== 0002601_18950831_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
NIL ~.,., /L. /

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950831_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

' BEST F RIEND,

_ !ittarriel or Sicgle Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRA.TED GUIDE, post free. sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor- mation a never-failing remedies for all Irregularities and Obstrnctions„ obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous or dangerous drugs ; cannot hurt the mc st del:cate.

,ILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRIST IL

===== 0002601_18950831_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES

ILLUSTRATED GU I D E.

MADAISIB A.B. LI

===== 0002601_18950831_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE *FATAL" NoTSELESIFGHH. 25i- 30).

Eru9rt,:lrkz,

CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER;

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
tlit

stiot 1,4 OTE. —7 obtained I Various fa Catalogue of ow,*

• • • • Ziti4 k • lIRE 1/40-66 tian,i4t :wocathStAt S-onic • ref tad°. IdirAidniao.ol7LOWtrubrd`h *ricrldtakf7ut2skiti....6 &INA 41304 diiges a ittl&ruAlclimi Rau •••,7tillt SouCSI/2.,11-,P Sole Agents J. H. WESTON, CHEM 1. bTEINGFELLOW, ST. '

ittr 4 se.

_ A so,i balli : emasetelt4torltrethesSe iI I 1.10e.1.,.,,_ _ . —This gun one an rim. OA da nod from en W Imitations me ilbload. as admilsod th !US names by potty &Mere U. Folked=sibm LWeirstwiTtia„, A Wipe of far-killittg aPerting gun. and over 600 Golnulete aecond.6666 ereeebtosideri • from CUFF LYIg &Co.. For.Killiag diva Kew& rakMeelie• 4.4.--lio Ober dent Is Folkadoosao66.l6l#4nrs gum •.• • . ...... •• • .. ..... .6 • • • • . ... woRTN 711711561:41fra24:;e, . . 4 A • . ; .C4••V \ - • '.;•'' / 1 I l'• 4., `4eadatitC. \I , ~ Nt ''' ALI3a . tot. irt• ' .6,, 'Re.buiso. CRJS.. . , ' V 21-.A40,430-t• • =IST. RUNCORN. :. HBLENS.

)44 &Ashs

===== 0002601_18950831_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES NETTING TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK<

COWTINT-TCYT_TE3 BAR IRON FENCII•IG.

Fitted with F. M. & Cos. Self-Locking Joints

LONDON OFFICE 17, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE W ARRINGTON EXAMINES

I:I EWBEY STREET,

JOHN WALKER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

===== 0002601_18950831_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE k CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPIE

WHICH COMPRISE

TTE Warrington # Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub Walled Saturday morning. The district ccrrered tb• Paper cOmprises many populous maaufacturing tames aust Ltncl a large agneultural tract. THE

Eorlestown and Newton Examiner,and Aahttne, Gaborne, and Hayelock lieporler, published Pridar afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coat field.

T HE St. Helens Examtner and Presrot Weekly News; published nifty afternoni. The district crtnprieestfus centre of the Glass, Chemical, arid Watch Trades et the Mug cm. /cc,

T.Runeern Essmiiser, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the dis Wet. am* offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers, rrilE Widnes Examiner' pubFailaed Friday after- -1 noon. Whines contains the larg7st number ef C'hemicalf Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly beessmlns sn important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, the S'" Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Buzzer, and tabor Pliblkr Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary ).E.nruserteci &lithe above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pars. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting more mutt:ter' than the- eolumns of any otherlocal paper—a fact dei=erving the attew tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Bach Eawattner,•im ddition to giving the local intelligence ce the district t* which it circulates, contains the general new 3-0( the week.

Price of mei Paper—ONE PSNNT.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENVa

One Charge secures Insertiou of the undermentioned' AA! er tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMLNERS. WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, i. 18 WORDS, 6D.. ON SALES, Aud 3d. for eschew:needing One Three Six -.Verde. Week. Weeks. Weeks, 18 Os. ... Is. 3d. -.. 28. 01:.. 27 Os. 9d. ... ls. 10d. -. 3s. 0d... 36 ls, 0(1. ... 2s. 6d. -.. 4e. Od.. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ss. Ott, 54 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. -.. 6s. Ott. These charges apply only to the classse, of advertiiie- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to, tilos*, which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertitm and PALO Mb PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be chargedi by the Business scale APARTMENI 9 WANTED I HOUSES WAITED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO 113 SOLD. ARTICLES LOST M ISCELLAN MITA WANT 34 ARTICLES FOUND 3IISCELLANIOIU& SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHITS, WANTEP BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANFRD HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS lACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP- RiTE. Advertisements received at any of the )strict thrum or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrirkipon._ Stwas received for amounts under ss.

JOHN WALKER AND CO, BEWSBY STREET. WARRIMIDIN PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOGNE..

THE " LEVIATHAN " MACAW Single Sheet, sft. 3in. by 3ft- itai, THE LARGEST IN THE DIS^_tRICr.

A aIONSTRIS PLACARD may be fon n-a-e, by teio.utre number of the" LEVIATHAN SHIMS. MAMMOTII POSTERS. LAE GR' TICE Fq MAMMOTH POSTERS. 5011 MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

THE Mt )SS sTaliarzza P OEMER Produce( I tuttheComu.'

RINTING ! I)RINTING

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINEH ,"

GENERAL PRINTING DE,PILITKENT Has an established reputation for riving Careftr and Prompt Attention to the wants of 11l Customers. and its facilities for the production d Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trift to the biggest mural " Mammoth " 1.213 available t:s the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is Use bane of business men. They find it doeses pay ts faaws it—even at " the lowest tender."

P A INS T AKIN G PRINTERS sae now-a-day sought for by business men who study real comma:yr in bs which they 'WI& the public to notice; as well as by Friendly Societies, Tr Unions, Trading Associations C rap Oleg, the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheet* Ac.; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Click Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arrange/ PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OW WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDR,

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Corsditiocts of Stsk irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Conant,. Soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly,. Buithng,.act co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and, Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Hestia Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Hendbills, aos.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other* requiring Printing of any description. are sem/erred to &re a ris.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF VMS

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS: PROGRAMMES FOB CONVERSAZIONFS PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

SPECIALITIES :

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 11000• THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING,

FROM 3/9 PER 1000•

BOOKBINDING !

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, PRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDERTAKS PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PHINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL; HINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. , THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BWITBII2 Slum

===== 0002601_18950831_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
announcement

_

===== 0002601_18950831_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Itttero to tbe Obitor. _ _

A DISCLAIMER hear that a report has been widely circulated ia the Borough of Wallington that I have applied, or aws about to apply, for the vacant post of School Atten- dance Officer for the Borough. As the appointment I now bold is a superior one in every respect, and as rny employers, I have every reason to think, are well satis- fied with my services, and it being a pleasure to me to serve such.kind,considerate and gentlemanly employers, your readers I think will believe me when I assure them tkat I have no', nor ever had, had any intention of ap- plying for the vacant post, as I am highly pleased arid food of the work lam now doing and very content with my present situation. 'This information may be of interest to some of your readers. Trusting I have not token up too much of your valuable space.—l beg to remain. Sir, your obedient servant. INSPECTOR ISIcATEER, Warrington, August 22n1, 1895.

-- THE PECULIAR PEOPLE. Sir,—Under this heading .The Manchester Guardian" *f last Friday reported that William Cable, a farm labourer, of Rayleigh, had been committed for trial at the next Essex Assizes on the charge of cruelty to his Children inasmuch as he had omitted to call in a doctor when they were suffering from diphtheria. It was pleaded in his defence that he had violated no law ; that there was no statute which compelled a man to have medical assistance, and that he bad used the remedies resorted to by the sect of which he is a member. But it WU all in vain; the law must take its course. My reader, does it not strike you as a remarkable circumstance that such a prosecution is possible in this nineteenth century of the Christian dispensation, and in a country, too, where many millions a year are paid in salaries to men who profess to be sent from Ged to preach Christianity ! In anointing the bodies of the children with oil and praying ever them for their re- sovery, the Essex labourer and his friends were not fol- lowing a cunningly devised fable, nor even acting upon the prescription of a quack doctor. Their authority was no other than the Apoole James. That there may be no mistake about it, I will quote the Apostle's words. Ad- dressing himself to Christians, and to Christians only,he MS :—" Is any sick among you : let him call for the eiders of the Church : and let them pray over him anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord : and the prayer of faith shall save the sic and the Lord shall raise him up." (Jmnes V. 14, 15). And yet for his obedience to this explicit and unmistakable teaching poor Cable must be p _wished ! I know full well that the men who pose as the spiritual guides of the people have turned the divinely appointed and suggestive rite of Baptism into the hollow sham of baby sprinkling, on the ground that it would be a dangerous thing to immerse asen's bodies in cold water in this variable climate of curs ! But I have yet ':0 learn why they quietly set aside the Apostle's instructions for the treatment of the sick ? Is it because their confilence rests more in the doctor and his bottles of medicine than in the power of the Divine healer in whem they profess to believe! There are some shining lights in the pulpits of Warrington who could, no doubt, enlighten our ignorance on this very important point. May I venture to hope that they will graciously condescend to favour us with the desired information ?—Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY.

- - SCHOLARS' TRRAT AT DARESBURY.—The scholars at- tending the Board School, numbering about 240, have bad their annual tea party, provided by the proceeds of a concert in February last. A field for sports and amuse- ments was kindly placed at their disposal by lair. Billing- bon, and at four o'clock an excellent tea was provided in like schoolroom. At six o'clock the Walton band com- menced to play selections, and dancing was indulged in by many friends of the scholars until dusk. The treat seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by all, and as the juveniles left the field a packet of sweets and a bun were given to each.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Licssisixo SESSIONI3.—These sessions were held at I Frodsham Police Court on Wednesday morning. The magistrates prerent were Mr. A. Thomas and Mr. W. Mortimer.—Superintendent Johnson read his annual re- port with refetence to the conduct of licensed victuallsrs and beer retailers in the division during the past year. He said there were 17 licensed victuallers, 8 beersellers, and one other who sold off the premises, total 26 ; giving an average of 258 of the population to each license. One licensed victualler had been proceeded against during the year, ens of whom was convicted,being, an increase of one pro- ceeded against and one convicted in the preceding year. Two beersellers had been proceeded against and one con- victed, being an increase of one proceeded against and convicted in the preceding year. Thirty-seven persons had been'proceeded against for drunkenness during the year, 37 of whom were convicted as compared with 46 persons proceeded against .and 45 convicted during the preceding year, being a decrease of nine persons pro- ceeded against.—lt Was BU-fed that he licensee of the 'Robin Hood," Helsby, hadtied, and that a transfer of the license would be applied for at the adjourned sessions en the 30th September.—Uere were no new applications, and no objections were raised to the renewal of the exist- ing licenses.—The magistrates accord' ngly renewed the licenses. -. •

HALTON,. GIRLS' Satoor.:-:•On Thursdax.week, about 30 of the girls were giveti a trip to BeillVile,Mainchester. ThP9P were they who, during the_ years. had made over 400 attendances. The school had hee,n Open 415 times, and many of the children had not pace been absent. The party, in charge of Miss Short (mlStress), Miss Elwards (assistant), and did pupil teacherg left Norton Station by the 11.40 train.- A special 'bus had been engaged to meet them at the Exchange Station, and convey them to Bell Vue. The children 1 horoughly appreciated the many attractions of this famous pleasure. resort, and-. greatly enjoyed the boating, -elephant rites,,greworks, and scenes in the China-Janane.se par. Buns and milk were partaken of at three o'cl,,ek, and tea at six. The party returned by the 10 40 p.m. trainfrOm Exchange Statiop.. *. C. Percival kindly; sent his lorTv Q COO thern from 1%*...-4-,T2 xelich was reachea ato-ut 12 45. • INfrinCTION.—,Th6 results of the examin- ations held in connectinn with the Halton Technical In- struction Committee have been received. The success- ful candidates are as follows :—Practical plane and solid geometery (nine examine 1), passed, Samuel Blain, Leon- ard W. Jeacock, Joseph DAle, Hector Smith, and Hugh Paton. Model drawing (three examined), lit class, Hugh Paton, Annie Acton ; 2nd class Samuel Blain. Freehand drawing (seven examined), class, class, Hettie Acton, Hector Smith. Principles of Agriculture (four examined), passed, Cyril Baguley, Oswald Bagulty and Hector Smith.

WARRINGTON ANGLERS ASSOCIATION. The first of the annual angling competitions took place on Thursday, A ugust 22nd, at Beeston Castle, when 29 members competed for the 8 prizes (value SS 12s. 6d.) offered, but although the weather was everything that could he desired the fish were en- tirely off the feed, and as a consequence small catches were the order of the day. The first prize was won by Mr. F. Nixon, who was followed by Messrs. Mawson, Mather, Bolton, Spencer, Bos- worth, Foulkes, sen., and Wood, as prize winners in the order named. Some disappointment was felt the tame nature of the contest but in other res- pects a most enjoyable day was spent.— The second of the annual competitions took place at Northwich on Saturday August 25th. Sixty members took pert in this competition for which 14 prizes were off -red of the value of .£7 101., and the close manner in which the competitions fol- lowed each other in the weights taken amply proves the keen rivalry for first place. Fine weather weather also favoured the occasion,and punctually at 4 o'clock the order we, given to commence opera- tions, and very soon some of the more fortunate of the competitors were announcing their first cap- tures, and after the lapse of the usual two hours the following, were declared the winners, viz, :- Ist, Joseph A leock (11b ' 90z.) ;2nd, P. Moores alb So. 5 drms.) F. Clare (lib 7oz. Sdrres.) •, 4th, Henry Green (11b 5,z ) ;501, A. Thomason (lib 12 drms.):osh IMMITIA. Buckley "(111) loz. &km.); 7th Josiah Griffiths (11b. 2drms.), Bth, Joseph Simcock : (15oz. 101rma.); 9th, Thomas Worrall (14oz. 13.1rma.) : 10th 11 nrl 11th John Taylor and James Mickley (14'z. ege",) ; 12.11 James Green (13cz. 14 'rms.) : 13'h Willie tn Buckley (12oz. 14drms.) ; 144 b Charles ilrrx:nr 12'z.( ldrm.) The aggregate catch was about 3tl' ha. The contest passed off in a satisfactory manner and a most enjoyable after- noon was spent. Priva were kindly given by Messrs. ernsflel.l and Sons, Walker and Sons, Cald- wells Limited. Skeltons Limited, W. B. Padmare. W. H. J. Mrs. B4lQhnur, Mesas, winiam Bolton. Harry Toff, Henry Brown. Joseph Bibby, Peter Chrimes, and Mrs. Ramsbottom. The dlatt bution of prizes will take place at the Roe Bing Hotel, Bridge-street, r,n Tuesday, September 3rd, at 8 p.m. . „

===== 0002601_18950831_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
••• AFRICAN GOLD MINES.

Dininst the recent reactinn in th,kBnuth African mar- ket Rant Reefs roman'a phars *opt vary firm; they are in conqiderahle. epmlnd, and shnnti he ainonest the earliest to haves a hi, rise. in view of the favourable Prospects of the enmnanv. The manager reports all the five reefs rilnoirtl•thropyh f4,e property to be gold bearinr. and that thee ran he wctlred at a good profit, one of them a<saving as much as 11 dwta. to the ton. Tbese shares should be bought for substantial advance.'

===== 0002601_18950831_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb—VubTit is Oltials.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE, EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE. V SESSION, 1895-96.—The Technical Instruction Com- mittee is prepared to receive applications from compete it teachers for Book-keeping.—Apoly on or before the sth September, stating terms, qual fications, dat„ to T. ORMAND Viaduct Institute, Earlestown, Lane tshire.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTO W'N AND N EWTON.

DRUNKENNESS.

At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday morning, before Mr. C. B. F. Borrun, Thomas Traverse of Golborne was charged with being drunk in Newton en Saturday night, and in default of paying a fiue of ss. and cost, was sent to gaol for 14 days. VIADucT INSTITUTE BOWLING.

The annual handicap promoted by the committee of the Viaduct Institute for the benefit of the bowl- ing members took place on Saturday afternoon. There were 114 entries, the entrance fee of three- pence each being added to the prize fund. On the whole the bowling was very.good, and there were some close finisnes. The first prize value 255. was taken by Joseph Penketh ; second, 15s.,R.Sherlock ; third, 10s. 6d., F. Davies; fourth, Ss., J. Barlow; fifth, 55., James Bedworth; sixth, ss. James Mitchell.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The usual meeting in connection with the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets of Temperance was held at the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Wednesday evening at 7 o'clock, Bro. A. Staith in the chair. At eight o'clock the Adult Division met in the same room and Bro. John Pickett presided. After the opening, ceremony and other routine busi- ness was gone throu,gh,the subject of the anniver- sary came up and after a discussion on the subject it was resolved that they celebrate the anniversary with a tea. A sub-committee was appointed to make all necessary arrangements for the same and the meeting closed at 9.30.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLF.STOWN.

Special services in aid of the choir funds were held in the above church on Sunday. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev. J. B. &redder, 8.A., who preached interesting discourses to fairly large con- gregations. In the afternoon a sacred recital was given by the organist and choir,when the following programme was very efficiently rendered :—Organ solo "2nd Sonata" (Mendelssohn), Mrs. Litimer ; sacred song" Light and Truth," Miss A. Clarke; or- gan solo" Allegretto," Master S.Dring ; sacred song "Alleluia," Miss A.Tripp ; anthem "Blessed be thou," choir; quartette,Miss.Conway,Messrs.B.Toft,Nokes. and Corless ; sacred song "For ever with the Lord," Mr. W. Crowther; sacred song "I will love Thee, 0 Lord,"Miss Lewis ; organ solo" Bridal March," Mrs. Latimer. LOCAL COMMON RIGHTS. A meeting was held in the Co-operative Build- ings, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of con- sidering the rights of Common in this neighbour- hood. Although it was urged that the recent Local Government Act conferred full powers upon the District and County Councils, to deal witn.,such matters, it was nevertheless deemed adviiable to form a Local Commons Preservation Society, which was accordingly done, its subjects being to make note of all road-side wastes within the district, and also to aid the District Council in its endeavour to prevent the erection of houses on Newton Common, in order that the land may be preserved fur pur- poses of public recreation. EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

1 The football season at Earlestown opens on Sat- urday next week, the 7th September, when the Earlestown club team journey to Birmingham ti.. play the Small Heat!' reserve team. The following Saturday they oppose Ashton-in-Makeifield in the qualifying round of the Lancashire junior cup com- petition, and the result of this march will decide whet her our local team is debarred from any further participation in the competition or not. The cons-, position of the Earlestown team remains the same as it did during last season, all the old players having signed again. This will doubtless be a dis- tinct advantage to the club, as it will take very little practice indeed to put the members of the team in touch with each other's play, seeing that they fought side by side last year. It is expected that under these fortunate circumstances the team will render a good account of itself, and improve somewhat on last year's record, which, taken as a whole, was fairly successful. Appended will be found a list of fixtures so far as they are at present known :-September 7, Small Heath Reserve. a; September 14, Ashton-in-Makerfield L.C.T., a; Sep- tember 21, Prescot, A ; October 5, Lancashire junior env, 2nd round ; Oceriber 26, Park-lane, a; Novem- .bei, 2' .Lancashire junior cup, 301 round; November *9, M idtltetcto. e.November 16,8 kelmersdale United, h ; November .23, Farnwortn, a; November 30, ' Lancashire junior cup, 4th round ; December 14, Horwich, a; December 21, Farnworth,h ; December 25, Hindley, a ; December 20, Astiton-in-Makerfield, h ; January 1, Haydock, a ; January 4, Gil borne, h ; January 11, Newton Heath, h ; January 18, Skerton, a ; January 25, Adlington, h ; February 1, Haydock, h; February 8, Ashton-in-Makerfleid, a; February 15, Hindlev, h ; February 18, Newton Heath, a ; February 29. Park-lane, h ; March 14, afiddle•on. le March 21, Skelinersdale United, a ; March 28, Gal- borne, a; April 3, Skerton, h ; April 4, Horwich, Er, April 6, Prescot, h ; April 11, Adlington, a. NEWTON VOLUNTEERS ANNUAL PEIZE MEETING. On Saturday afternoon the Newton detachment of the 6:h V.B. K.L.R. Volunteers held their 34th annual prize meeting at the Highfield MOae Range. The weather was I:lpflY9llTable for high acoring,but on the whole tho s.seting was a most successful one. About b 0 members competed, the principal events bet-eg the Company's Cup presented by Lieut. eqtenel J. H. Wood,open to marksmen only,and the handicap prizes, including a cup given by Mr. G. F. McCorquodale. The final stages for the Company's cup were successfully contested, and some excite- ment prevailed when it was found that four men had tied. The money prizes attached to it were de- cided by the scores made at 600 yards, while the cup was shot off for, Sergeant Bateman gaining the trophy with three bull's eyes. The prizes were dis- tributed the same evening at the Orderly room by Colour Sergeant Houghton. The majority of the members at the invitation of the Cup winners sub- sequently met at the Legh Arms hotel, where an , enjoyable social evening was spent. songs being contributed, whilst a number of toasts were sub• mitted and duly honoured. The following Is a list of the principal prize winners :-Sir Charles Hamil- ton's Cup and one guinea, Private A. Walker, the Company's Cup, challenge badge and .£l, Sergeant J. Bateman ; 2, Private Walker 10s.; 3, Lance Ser- geant R. Wright 55.; 4, Private W. G. Wallace. Handicap prizes; 1, Private F. Walker, cup and :14. 2, Private W. G. Wallace, 278.6 d. ;3. Lance Corporal W. Perry 228. 6d.; 4, Sergeant J. Rimmer 17s. 6d. ; 5, Lance Corporal J. Pullan 14. ; 5, Private J. Ben- -1 nison us.; 7. Lance Sergeant R. Wright 10s., and there were 19 other prizes. Timepiece given by Mr. A. C. McCorquodale, Lance Corporal J. Pullen, Re- cruits prizes: 1, Private W. Gee 78. 6d. ; 2, Private J. Liptrott 6s. ; 3, Private W. Wallace, and four smaller prizes. The drill prises for attendance at drill from March Ist to the date of the inqpection were divided between the following, who attended every drill, viz. :--Sergeant T. Mayor, Sergeant:G. McConnick, Lance Sergeant R. Wright., Lance Ser- geant J. Rimmer, Corporal W. Kent, Lance Corporal J. Pullen, Privates T. Carey, E. Williams, J. Moran, C. Naylor, J. 11. Pilling and W. Martin. EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT WomEN's LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. The opening meeting of this Association, for the session of 1895-6, was held at the Central Committee ' rooms on Thursday afternoon. Since the last meet- ' ing, and the recent parliamentary electim„ the membership of the Association has increased by upwards of 40, and it now niiinbers on its books, something like 250. Mrs. G: W. Rawlins presided, and there were upwards of 80 members • present. Mrs. Rawlins congratulated the tiadnibers upon the large dimensions of the gattiSring, remarking that she had heard -it said that English- men did not know when tlii.y were, beaten, and judging oy the tiunierous gathering she should say that Englishwomen also did no know when they were beaten. The addition of ' new members argued well for the Liberia eduie in the Newton divisibn: She wanted every member there to encourage her neighbours to study politics and to educate them and to gather them together to be educated; in order that they might get at the truth of the principles of Liberalism. Speaking on the temperance question, she said there was a good work ng temperance -society connected with the Church of England, but they had sacrificed the temperance cause to go against the disestablish- ment of the Church itr•Wales, She strongly urged upon them to be united and strengthen their 118+0- dation. ' (Applause.) Miss Mather, one of the delegates to the -London Conference, read her r'- port, and that of 'Miss Ashcroft, on the annual 'Council meetimga' of the Women's Liberal Federa- tion, which were of an interesting character. Tea was afterwards' handed round, and a very enjoyable .aftenroonvat Vent. . . !

kno

===== 0002601_18950831_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1895

WEDNESDAY. The House of Commons !lilt on Wednesdlr at noon and immediately went into Committee of Supply on the Civil SPrvi e Eatimates. On the Education vote (£3,335,485) for England and Wales, Mr. Erman' GRAY urged the total abolition of the system of payment by .results, and suggested that steps should be taken to meet the distressing condition of many voluntary schools. Mr.Yoxam. (in a maiden speech) expressed the opinion that further pecuniary aid was required for public ele- mentary schools in England and Wales—not only in the case of voluntary schools, but of many Board schools. One of the most efficient means of givinr, aid to schools would be to establish a pension system, which wuld enable old and worn out teachers to retire and be re- placed by younger and more competent teachers. Mr. DILL,N called attention to the grievances of Roman Catholic voluntary schoots,more particularly in regard to the stringent demands which had recently been made in respect of structural changes. Mr. T. P. O'Corroon referred to the case of the Catholics in his own consti- tuency, who held that they had a grievance in that they not only had to pay for their own schools, but also to subscribe to a considerable School Board rate for the edu- cation of the children of parents of other religious creeds. While they subscribed to the public rates, the rates in no way helped them in the maintenance of their own schools. Sir J. GORST promised to consider the consolidation and reform of the laws relating to the age at which children could be employed and also the half-time sys- tem. The question of teachers' pensions had passed be- yond the stage of controversy, and a scheme had been elaborated for dealing with it. The teachers might feel confident that next session a measure would be laid on the table differing in no essential particular from that prepared by the late Government. The policy of the Government towards voluntary s,bools was an impor- tant matter, and if he were quesloned on the subject next session he had no doubt that he should be able to give a satisfactory answer.

Afterwards, on a vote of £7 for the University of London, Dr. TANNER came into conflict with the e hair- man, who threatened to deal with the member for Mid- Cork if he persisted in obstructing business—a warning to which Mr. T. M. HEALY retorted by saying" Suspend us all at once." Some time afterwards the closure was applied, and the vote carried. THURSDAY. Mr. Pownt, WILLIAMS stated in the House of Com- mons on Thursday night, in reply to Mr. Weir, that ar- rangements for the manufacture of cordite had been made with Messrs. firmness and Ce'' ' . of Birmiugham and the National Explosives Company, London. Since 1889 a sum of £47,750 had been spent in the ordance fadthries on machines for the manufacture of nitro-glycerine! and cordite, but no money had been given to any private firm for the same purpose. Mr. CURZON informed Mr. Cmastsuma that so informa- tion had reached the Government as to the threatening attitude of the Turkish troops towards the Christian population in the neighbourhood of Erzinghian, in Armenia, or as to any attacks during the last few days on villages and monasteries. Replying to Sir E. A. Rairrurrr, Mr. CURZON said the questions raised by the conflict between French troops and a British force at Weima in December, 1893, by which three British officers lost their lives, had been included in the general negotiations with France which were suspended under the late Administration. The geographical position of Weima had not been fixed, and it was not known in whose territory it is. Asked by Mr. LEWIS whether the Government in- tended to take any practical steps to obviate distress arising from want of employment during the coming winter, Mr. CHAPLIN sail the Government fully appre- ciated the importance of the question, and they would watch very closely any increase of destitution due to want of employment, with (wry desire to render such assistance as circumstances might admit.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session -13-I—ifili---14-Ope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday eveninc_i. Bro. J. Hatton,C.T., presided, and there was a large attendance of mem- bers. The digest of the business for the District lodge was read by Bro. Newman, L.D. Fraternal , greetings were received from the Concilio lodge, Manchester,wnich were heartily reciprocated. Ar- rangements were made for the meeting of No. 1 Convention at Earlestown, and also for the anniver- sary of the local lodge. An interesting paper on , " Brighter in gland" was read by .Bro.G.Clarke,and after a short discussion had taken place a vote of thanks to the essayist brought the session to a close. CYCLE ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN. On Wednesday afternoon a bicycle accident happened in Wargrave-road,Earlestown,but fortun- ately it was not of a very serious nature. A lorry belonging to the London and North-Western Com- pany was going up Wargrave-road, when two cyc- lists passed on the same side going in opposite directions. They evidently had not seen each other until too late, as they collided with much force, the machine of one, a youth named Sutton, being smashed, and the rider thrown and shaken. The other cyclist was apparently unhurt. EXCURSION FROM COLLINS GREEN.

The annuai excUrsiciii-prgmoted by the employes of the Collins Green Colliery Co., took place on Sat urday to Blackpool. Two trains carrying about 1,500 people left Collins Green shortly after six o'clock,and Blackpool was reached without mishap. The weather was beautiful throughout the day and the outing was thoroughly enjoyed by those who accompanied the trip The return journey was made at different times, the last train reaching Col- lins Green about two o'clock on Sunday morning.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. FRIDAY.

In the House of COMM-013- on-Fridar Mr. HaNnuay in• formed Mi. HEATON that the POSTMASTER GENERAL in- tended to continue the efforts of IliS predecessor to- wards the establishment of a parcel post between Eng- land and America.

Mr Racine, in reply to Mr. VINCENT, said that since be ti•id been in offiee he had communicated with the SECRETARY for Foreign Affairs on the subject of the im- nertation of goods made in foreign prisons. The Foreign SECRETARY had communicated with the Govern- ments of the countries from which those goods came, and he -hop,cl negotiations might be able to prevent that which was complained of. When the House went into Committee of Supply, the vote for the expenses of the Beard of Trade was con- sidered. In the course of the debate Sir J. LEW/ said he would be glad to see power given to the Board of Trade to supervise the speed of trains. They had read a great deal lately about the railway race to Aberdeen, and each day they were told that a new " record" had been (treated. tie was afraid that if something was not done to t p this racing a " record " would be made by a fearful railway accident. Mr. RITCHIE said the Beard of Trade had no power to stop railway racing, but he hoped that the common sense of the two great corn- paniPs eneaged in the racing would speedily put an end to what was attended with a certain amount of danger. With regard to railway rates,he was opposed to worry- ing companies on account of their rates, but he intended to take some steps in order to see if a friendly arrange- Ment could he made with the railway companies for rAucing the rates of carriage to an extent which would give some amount of satisfaction to the agricultural community and the traders generally. • MONDAY. In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN informed Mr. Johnston that the negotiations be- t Arlen Newfoundland and Canada with regard to the incorporation of the former with the Dominion were I now in abeyance, he believed owing to the disinclination Of the Dominion to take over the very large debt of the colony. The Government did not propose to place upon the taxpayere of this country any liability for the debt in question. Mr. P. STANHOPE asked the Pecretary for India hether in view of the statement Riede by him in the House of Commons on the 21st of Feoruary, and which, he then announced, was also acquiesced in by Lord Salisbury, as to the impolicy of imposing cotton duties upon English goods in India, the Gutvernment proposed to take steps for the repeal of those duties ; and whether they would in the meantime call upon the Government hr India to impose a general equivalent excise duty on qealities of cotton cloth manufactured in India, in order to render those duties absolutely non-protective in their character. Lord G. HAMILTON said he had received a memorial from representatives of the various cotton industries in Lancashire stating fully and clearly their ohj-ctions to the present excise duty levied on cotton yarns in India. The memorial would be sent to the Indian Government at once,with a request for a state- ment of their side of the case. He adhered to the speech he made in February, and had nothing to retract. Mr. FLYNN asked Lord George Hamilton if he was aware that a large number, if not all,of the Lancashire Conser- vative members were returned on the strength of the re- opal of the cotton duties. The SPEAKER pointed Out that that was a matter of opinion, and the question was nor answered. Sr M. WHITE RIDLEY informed Mr. DRAGE that the increase in the number of accidents to factory opera- tives in 1894 as compared with 1893 appeared to be due in a large measure to increased activity and vigilance on the part of the inspectors, and not wholly to an in- crease in the actual number of accidents.

A'-kocl by Mr. JOHNSTON if the tiovernment intended to rf commend the QUEEN to revive the office of Poet Laureate, Mr. A, J. BALFOUR said the recommendation rested with the PRIME MINISTER, to whom he would be happy to convey Mr. JOHNSTON'S wish, The consideration of the Civil Service Estimates was reSurned when tha H nise went into Committee of Sup- ply, Mr. T, P. OiCcamoß,referring to the examinations for krai9 Candidates, complained that too much import- ance was attached to Latin and Greek, and urged that candidates for tho army would be much better engaged if they studied Russian, Hindustani, or Chinese. In the debate on the vote for the expenses of the Local Govern. meat Board, Sr C. DILKE called attention to the propo- sal that boards of Guardians and local authorities should be given power to employ bodies of unemployed peraons on the land and on other works,and urged that if the present law did not sanction such employment it mieht easily be amended so as to allow the experiment to be tried. Mr. CHAPLIN said that while he should ap- proach the subject in a thoroughly sympathetic spirit,he was advised by the legal experts connected with his Department that it would be totally beyond the power of the Loaal Government Boartl to carry out the scheme. What the Board could do,and had done with some suc- c.ss, was to sanction the action of boards of guardians in giving assistance to schemes of land colonisation pro- moted by other parties.

In the House or Lords, Lord LANSDOWNffi made a state- ment with regard to the intentions of the Government as to the new military arrangements. tnstead of appoint- ing a Chief of the Staff, as recommended by the Harting- ton Commission, they were appointing a Commander-in- Chief, who would exercise gimeral control over her Majesty's forces at home and abroad, would issue Army orders and hold periodical inSp.ctions, would be respon- sible for commissions, promotions, appointments, honours, and rewards, and also, with the assistance of two high military officers, for the departments of mili- tary information and mobilisation. His lordship pro- ceeded to define the duties of the heads of the various departments, and stated that these officers,togpther with the Conintander-io-Chief, would form a consultative hoard, hit' the Secretary of State alone would be respon- sible to Parliament. TUESDAY.

In the Hons.- of Commons on Tuesday Mr. BCC.IIANAN asked tlif, Secretary for India whether, in view of the decided expression n the opinion of the House of Com- mons on the 14 of February on the subject of the Indian cotton dutiPs,he would promise that the duties should not be repealed until the House had again had an op- portunity of expressing its opinion on the subject. Lord G. Flamwros replied that nothing in connection with the duties would be done either hastily or surrepti- tiausly. - Questioned as to the hanging of a British trader named Stokes by Belgian officers in Central Africa, Mr. CulizoN said the Government had not yet received any reply from the Belgian Government to the inquiries ad- liressivi to them as to the execution of Stokes. The Government regarded the cage as one of great import- ance. and were pressing for an early answer. On the House going into Committee of Supply the con- sideration of the Civil Service Estimates was resumed. On the vote for the salary of the Chief Secretary for Ire- land, Mr. T. M. Healy said it was beyond question that some relief was desirable and was expected by the ten- ant farmers of Ireland. A Bill was abmt to be brem,ht in to renew that section of the Act of 1891 which referred to evicted tenants, and he suggested that the section of the Act of 1887 which gave the Land Com- mission Judges power by a sliding scale to vary judicial rents should also be renewed. He also urged that the Judges should be prepared to give concessions in the Land judges Cpurt whether the rents in question were judicial rents or not. Mr. G. BALFOUR, in reply. said that though the policy of the Government was one of infif4ible opposition to Home Rule, it was not one of inflexible opposition to the desires of the Irish people. It had been said that by a stroke of the pen he could re- instate the evicted tenants, but it was quite clear that neither he nor ass- other Chief Secretary could possibly do that. It was his hops that the Governmentwould be able in the present session to reenact the 13th clause of the Act of nu, but he thought that no such urgent condition of affairs • had Arisen se would justify the Government in bringing fotward a B'll for the revision of judicial rents. As to the proposal to give the Land Court power Co apply a sliding scab so as to vary rents according to prices, it could not fail to be contentious in the highest degree, and it would therefore be useless to consider the desirableness of bringing forward such a measure.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

COLLISION AT SALTPORT.

On Monday morning a collision occurred on the Ship Canal at Saltport. A barque named the " Southern Queen" was moored there and had almost finiihed t tk- ing in bal!a-t for departure when she was struck on her port bow by the steamer "Clan Murray ",which was passing down the canal. The barque broke away from her mooring, smashed her bulwark and rail and alsa damaged some of the channel plates on the starboard side. Through the wash caused by the "Clan Murray" the " Ptarmigan," which was also at Saltport," was carried front her moorings. LAST WEEK'S CANAL TRAFFIC. During the seven days ended Friday week last 145 sea goine vessels, with a total net registered tonnage of 38,995 tons, made use of the Ship Canal ; 78 vessels, with a tonnage of 20,449 tons entered ; whilst 67 steam- ers and sailing ships,representing a net tonnage of 18,546 tons, cleared outwards. Of the arrivals 65 were trom destinations in the Matted Kingdom and 13 from foreign ports ; 13 vessels sailed to places abroad, the other 52 departures being from home destinations. Among the imports were full cargoes of iron and steel,timber,slates, stone, China clay, logwood and pig iron, the remaining vessels bringing, with one or two exceptions, mixed cargoes, and a large number of full cargoes of coal and salt were taken outwards. The proportion of vessels arriving or departing light was small. These figures in- clude the traffic at all points of the canal. THE IMPORTATION OF DRIED FRUIT.

Owing to the comparatively large—n—tnnt;;-Of vessels which are now lying in the docks at the Manchester end of the Ship Canal the neighbourhood has a very busy appearance,as with very few exception's all the ships are either receiving or discharging cargo. The steamer Ocean Prince on Wednesday arrived in the can. with a large quantity of Valencia raisins on board for Manchea• ter. This is the first consignment of raisins from Spain that has been received direct this season, and is con- signed to the Ship Canal Importing Company, which has also made arrangements for a direct line of sailings between Manchester and the Grecian ports during the dry fruit season, the steamer Borghese being at present loaded at Patras, from which port she will arrive here about the third week in September. Four other cargoes have also been arranged for, and in order to develop the the traffic specialists from Liverpool and London will have charge of the weighing and sampling, so that at Manchester the despatch will in no wise be lower thanat other ports.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
saociitNu ACCIDENT TO A MARINE FIREMAN AT

SALTPORT.

Mr. Sampson,coroner, held an inquest on Wednesday, at Livernool,into the circumstances under which Arthur Breen, 27, a marine fireman, met his death. Breen was a native of the county Armagh, and had been employed on board the, steamship Ptarmigan,now on her voyage to Rotterdam. On Sunday evening, while the vessel was lying at Ssltport,Breen and three ether men asked John Rawlinson,the master of a flat that lay close by, to show them the way to Frodsham. Suspecting that they wanted to get to a public-house, Rawlinson tried to persuade them to remain on board their vessel. Next morning Rawlinson rose about five o'clock, and on going on deck he found Breen I lying on the deck bleeding from the mouth and unconscious. Be thought that Breen must have fallen from the quay to the deck of the flat, a distance of ten or twelve feet. Mr. William Shaw, agent at Runcorn for the Mersey Mission to Seamen, stated that on Monday evening he had been told that a fireman bad been badly hurt at altport. He went there and found the man lying, still unconscious, on a hand ambulance. The captain of the vessel declined to take the man on baard as the ves- sel was ready to go to sea. Witness then had Breen con- veyed to the Royal Infirmary, Liverpool, where he died the same day, fracture of the skull being the direct cause. The Coroner said Mr. Saw had acted in a very humane and praiseworthy manner, and that his action showed the value cf such societies as the Mersey Mission to Seamen. If the jury wished he would adjourn the in- quest for six weeks in order to bring the captain of the steamer before them. The jury thought that course un- necessary, and found a verdict to the eff6ct that the de- -1 ceased died from fracture of the skull, but as to how the injury was sustained they had no evidence to show.

CLAIM BY LOCAL FURNITURE DEALERS.

At the Warrington County Court on _Thursday morning, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Messrs. G. and J. Weaver. furniture dealers, of Bridge-street, Warrington, sought to recover from William Bate, gas stoker, of byrnm, the sum of £1 10A. 61, representing the balance of an account entered into by the defendant with the plaintiffs for certain furniture supplied,—Mr. Browne appeared for the plain, iffs, and Mr. Fowler for the defendant.—George Weaver said that goods had been sold to the defendant in 1888. He produced his books showing the debt, and also showing that 3s. had been paid on the 19th November, 1889, and 2s. 61. on the let April, 1890. Ilia balance against the defendant. was also set forth in the books.— James Weaver stated that on the Ist April he was Paid 2s. 64. by the defendant's wife, who was then in kyrnm.—William Bate, defendant, denied having sent any postage stamps ; nor bad he paid anything since 30th April, 1888, when a balance. of £1 16i. was owing. No one from the plaintiff's had called upon him since that time; indeed since that time he had not hoard anything about the account.—Cross- examined by Mr. Browne,defendant still adhered to his statement. His wife had made no payments, or she would have informed him of the fact.—Defend- ant's wife was called, and bore out her husband's statement. She had not made any payment since the 30th April, 1888. She had never had a receipt from the plaintiff, James Weaver, as he had stated. —The Judge said he could not reject the evidence of the two plaintiffs, who showed that payments had been regularly entered into their books as late as April, 1890. The only conclusion he could come to was that Mrs. Bate mu,t have forgotton that she had paid 24. Gd. in April, 1890. It was quite possiLle that she hail forgetton tiese payments. He must, therefore, give judgment for plaintiffs for the full amount claimed.

V

• c;;,.'ilik •

===== 0002601_18950831_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DISTRICT COUNCIL.

SPECIAL MEETING.

On Wednesday afternoon a special meeting of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Ceuucil was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Earleatown. The meeting was called to take into consideration the rejection of the minutes, at the last meeting, of the let July. There were present Mr. C. B. F. Barron (chair- man), and Messrs. Collingwood, Slee, Stone. Thompson, jun., Simpson, MacMahon, Gilmour, T. Ormand, the , Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, Mr. J. E. Worsley (law clerk), and Mr. R. Brierley (clerk and surveyor). After the Law Clerk had read the minutes of the last meeting, Mr, Orrnand asked on whose authority the meeting had been called. The Law Clerk informed the Council that it had been called upon the requisition signed and sent him by the chairman in accordance with No. 4of the Standing Orders.

Mr. MacMahon asked if it was necessary that that meeting should have been called seeing .that the Council met again on Monday. The Chairman simply referred him to the Standing Orders.

Mr. MacMahon (continuing), said he could not for the life of him, see any necessity for the meeting. Be had read the Standing Orders and understood them but he still could see no need for a special meeting. The Chairman said that the meeting had been called in order to progress with the business of the Council and it was in the interests of the ratepayers that sucb should be done. (Mr. Gilmour : Question, question.) Mr. MacMahon still protested against " this unneces- sary meeting," as he termed it, saying that members were called upon to give their time come a week to com- mittee meetings and once a month to Council meetings and he thought that during that time they represented tile intereqtq of the ratepayers quite sufficiently. Eventually the Chairman ruled him out of order.

The Chairman then moved the following resolution "That the resolution of the Council rejecting the reso- lution that the minutes of the last monthly meeting ot the Council (Ist July, 1895) be signed, come to at the last monthly meeting of the Council of the 12th of August instant, be and is hereby rescinded." He said that owing to circumstances which had arisen, and which had prevented the minutes ot the Council meeting of the Ist July being passed, the motion was nec-ssary. He had already stated that such a course was in accordance with standing order No. 4, and he hoped that the Council would unanimously recognise the minutes. The meeting was necessary owing to the extraordinary circumstances due to the rejection of the minutes, and he therefore, without further remark, moved the resolution. Mr. Thompson seconded. Mr. Gilmour thought they ought to discuss the cause of the rejection of the minutes. They were advocating the interests of the ratepayers generally, and they ought not to sit down if the minutes were tampered with. If anyone was to blame in the matter it was the chairman, for if he had put the minutes to the •-neeting with the ,ex- ception of the one relating to the appointment of over- seers they would have been passed. Be had no objection to the other portion of the minutes being passed. As to the present meeting he could not see any necessity for it and he complained of the amount of time which mem- bers were asked to" waste." He represented the inter- ests of the ratepayers as well as any other member of the Council and the ratepayers believed it. Mr. Ormand asked if the minutes of the let of July had been corrected and the chairman replied in the negative.

Mr.Ormand said that in that case he could not support the resolution. The Law Clerk said it was not his intentien in the least to misrepresent the views of any member of the Council, and be asked that in future a change should be adopted. At present he prepared a summary of what transpired. That was very easy so long as the meetings lasted only a short time, but when meetings lasted as three had recently been doing, it was an utter impossi- bility for any person to hold the balance fairly, and he contended that no person held it more fairly than he had done. He asked them in future to instruct him that he should only record resolutions with a small introduc- tion to each instead of giving a summary of each speaker's views. Such a course, he thought, would ob- viate a great deal of trouble. At the request of the Chairman he then read the whole of the minutes from the Ist July. Mr. Ormand, after thanking the Chairman and the Law Clerk for the reading of the minutes, said he must take exception to them. If they had been amended he would have supported their adoption, but as they had not been he had no alternative but to vote against them. They had no record on the minutes as to how many over- seers they had the power to appoint. They were still guided by the Law Clerk's advice that they could only appoint not more than two although the circular issued by the Local Government Board stated that they could appoint two but not more than four. That circular, the Law Clerk hal confirmed but not on the minutes. Referring to Standing Order No. 4, he said that it meant net only that the minutes should be read and signed by the Chairman, but that they should also be corrected. The Law Clerk said that he had stated at the maeting of the Ist July his reasons for advising them to appoint not more than two. He asked Mr. Ormand if it would meet his views if he altered the minutes as follows :—After the words " The Law Clerk explain. d the matter to the Council and stated his reasons for the advice given by him "to add the fallowing words" and stated that that advice referred to the first appoint- ment." Mr. Ormand said that he would be satisfied if it were recorded co the minutes that they had the power to I appoint from two to four overseers. The Chairman upheld the Law Clerk in his views say- ing that he had advised them (the Council) very judici- ously to appoint not more than two which was in har- mony with the circular issued by the Local Government Board. The Law Clerk had,he said,explainel that Urhan Councils and other like authorities could appoint two, three, or four. The minutes were therefore a correct record of the proceedings on the Ist July. The Law Clerk then read an extract from the cireul rr of the Local Government Board relative to the appoint- ment of overseers. This stated that it would seem desirable that under ordinary circumstances the same number of overseers should be appointed, but that the Council could if they thought fit replace them by church- wardens. It could appoint no less than 2 and not more than 4. The speaker then went on to say that in Newton no churchwardens had ever acted and he therefore thought it wise to advise the Council to appoint the same number as heretofore-2. That was in order to keep the Council safe as to the appointment. Messra. Stone and Thompson having supported the resolution it was put to the meeting and carried. Those voting for it were the Chairman, Messrs. Coiling wood, Simpson. Stone, Thompson, Slee,and the Rev. E. W. W. Kaye. Those voting against were Messrs. Manlahon, Gilmour, and Ormand. The Chairman then moved "that the said minutes of the said monthly meeting of the Council of the let July, 1895, be signed, and incorporated with the proceedings of the Council."

Mr. Simpson seconded. Mr. Ormand moved an amendment to the effect that the Council accept the Law Clerk's explanation and the reason for his recommending the Council to appoint not more than 2 overseers, but that it be recorded on the minutes that in future the Council have authority to appoint 2,3, or 4 overseers. Mr. Gilmour seconded the amendment, and said that at the last meeting when he put the question the Law Clerk had said distinctly that they could not appoint more than two. Ile gave it as his opinion that the Law Clerk had mislead the Council. Mr. MacMahon supported the amendment, and made similar assertions. Mr. Thompson, while strongly objecting to any Altera- tion of the minutes, thought the amendment was neces- sary for the future of the Council. • Mr. Simpson recommended immediate voting, and said they could not alter the minutes for it was the reso- luti An which the meeting were called upon to consider. The Chairman then put the amendment and those for it were Messrs. MacMahon, Gilmour, and Ormand. Against it were the Chairman and Messrs. Collingwood, Stene, S'mpson, Thompson, Slee, and the Rev. -E. W. W. Kaye. . _ .

• '• The re-solution was then formally put to the meeting and passed. This concludod the proceedings. --- BUSINESS OF THE NEXT MEETING. A meeting( of this Council will be held on Monday at the Town Hall, Elrlestown, when the following minutes of committees will be taken into consideration :

Mr. Webb intimated auy,additional cost for improved 'supply must be borne by the Council." The following is toe correspondence with Mr. Webb : Mr. Webb wrote to the District Council on March 20, as follows : "Gentlemen,-1 got authority some time ago to lay a new main between our Parkside Pumping Station and Newton le-Willows, so as to give a better supply of water than we have hitherto been able to do,but I have heard, incidentally, that you are looking out elsewhere for a supply for the town. Before we incur the contemplated expense, I shall be glad to hear from you whether this is so, as if you propose to leave us' the proposed expendi- ture will be unnecessary. Your early reply will obliee." Oho May 14, Mr. Brierley replied on behalf of the Dis- trict Council AR follows:—" Dear Sir,—Your comrnuni- c tion of 20. h March last has been further considered by a Special Committee, who desire an interview with you, and .is they understand you are frequently in this neigh- ourlood,l am to ask you to name a day and time when they could meet you at Newton or Earlestown." Ou May 23, Mr. Webb replied :—"Dear Sir,—ln reply to your letter of the 14th inst., I shall be at Earlestown Works on the 1411 proximo, and could see your Commit- , tee at Mr. Emmett's Office, at 10.30 a.m. on that day, but it they want an interview with the object of obtain- ing lower terms for the water, it will be no use their seeing moon the subject, as we are buying water our- selves, and can very well make use of ail the water available at Parkside for our own purposes. My object in writing to you was to ascertain whether the rumour that I had he ird, that you were thinking of obtaining water elsewhere, was correct, as in that case, we should not put in the new main from Parkside to Newton,which we had proposed to do, in order to give you a better preasure, and the pipes for which had already been ordered, and are on hand." Mr. Brierley again wrote on the Bth June:—" Dear Sir,—l am interacted to inform you in reply to your letter of the 22nd ult., that the Sub-Committee regret that you are not able to see your way to grant them an interview to discuss fully the terms and the questions raised by you, regarding the present and future supply of water for thia district. I may state that prior to your letter of 20th March last, no discussion nor any steps had been taken by the Council as to any change in filo existing arrangements with your Company. The Sub-Committee will now be glad to know if in your contemplated additions, whether the pumping plant is or will he so far duplicated throughout, that a constant supply of water will be maintained to the district in case o a breakdown or stoppage on any part of the plant ? If you are prepared to maintain a constant pressure of not less than 30Ihs. to the square inch at the points of deli very into our mains at railway level ? Whether pro- vision has or will be made for intercepting by settling or filtrating tanks, the sand which is now sent in exces- sive and obj -ctionable quantities into our mains? Whether any and what reserve of water (covered in) will be made,beyond the present tank at Earlestewn, as a provision in case of fire or stoppage of all or part of the pumping plant, so as to ensure an ample supply of water to the district in case of such emergencies. lam desired to mention that the Sub-Committee are of opinion that the Council will endeavour to act in har- mony with so large a ratepayer as your company, and if placed in a fair and reasonable position would deprecate any action which might ultimately tend to permanently injure the company's smiree of water supply." On June 12;h Mr. Webb wrote :—" Dear sir,—Advert- ng to your letter of the 10th inst. I shall have my 'committee at Earlestoivn on Friday. and if your sub- committee wish to see them on the water question, I would recommend them to be there at 12 o'clock, and enquire fir me at Mr. Emmett's office." On Jose 13ih, Mr. Brierlev wrote :—" Dear sir,—l beg to acknowledge yours of yesterday's date and regret I am unable on so short notice to arrange a meeting, owing to one of the principal members of the sub-com- mittee being in London ; if I may suggest it, I think if von will kindly answer the queries in my letter of the 10' lo inst., it would facilitate businers. Our sub-corn- runic) could then consider y our reply and perhaps an interview would bei unnecessary ; on the other hand, I shall he pleased to call a meeting of our committee at the earliest moment for an intervievv7if you think it desir- able. Awaiting your reply." The final letter dated 17th June, received from Mr. i Webb on June 17 h, was as follows :—" Dear sir,—With regard to yours of the 13'h inst. If you will refer to our , correspondence you will find that my letter of the 12th inst., "Minh you say is short notice, was merely a re- minder of the one wrote to you on May 23rd, giving the same day for the proposed meeting, only altering the hour slightly ; but as you were not there I laid the papers before my committee,and I was instructed to in- form you that we cannot guarantee a constant pressure of 30ihs. on the square inch, as you request, and Ido not think you would find any Water Company prepared to do so ; any increased storage required for the benefit of the town.woirld have to be provided by the authori- ties of the town itself, and at their own cost ; neither can we make a-. 17 alteration in the present terms upon which the water:. is supplied, but if you can find a better ' aotirrle of supply for yourselves it will make no difference to us if you cease taking water, as we can readily age it for our own re quiremente, instead of purchasing else- where, as we have to do occasionally." There is on the minute of the Committee after the I above correspnndemea has been set forth the following reselution :—That the sub-committee be empowered to prepare a scheme for providing a more permanent supply of water for the district, and Mr. Slee be added to the i sub-committee.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIGHWAYS, PUBLIC WORKS AND SANITARY

COMMITTEE. The committee held a meeting on the 12'h August to consider the reply of the Golhorne Urban District Coun- cil, dated 6th August, as to the source of pollution of Newton Lake from Millingford Brook,and it was resolved that, agreeable to the wish of the Golborne Authority the special committee be empowered to take further samples of the brook at such points they may consider desirable with the Golborne officials. /it a meeting of the sAme committee on the 191 h August the following resolutions were passed : That Mr. It. Jones be required to adher to his contract time, failing which the Surveyor to enforce the penalty and employ other horses and men ; that Mr. William Owen, of flayclock-st., be informed of the penalty for removing infected goods, and that he be called upon to show cause why proceedings should not be taken against him, and that the surveyor be authorised to put down an intercepting chamber to receive the sewage from Bull's Head cottages. At a meeting of the Committee held on the 26'.h August. it was resolved that Mr. G. Ronayne's plan be sent back for the line f building frontage to be made parallel with Mr. Coombe's houses.

THE GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.-THE WATER SUPPLY

QUESTION.

The Committee retiortli-;-.;t• a meeting held on the 19th August Mr. Horron read the Water Sub-Commit- tee's correspondence with Mr. Webb respecting a mor permanent supply of water for the district, in which

A4V.:

. .

===== 0002601_18950831_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

This Committee has resolved that the question of ass!stance to the Surveyor and Clerk be referred to a sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Ormand, Smith, Stone, Borron, and MacMahoo, to lay their report with particulars from similar districts before the next meet- ing.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE _TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of this committee Mr.Brierley submitted a communication from the County Technical Instruction eon', mittee, recommending a grant for local purposes of £153, for session 1895-6, A form of agreement accom- panied the BAMP for exeeption by the District Council. After some discussion itAvas resolved to defer the execu- tion of he agreement unitil,the Viaduct Institute Techni- cal Instruction Committee have conipleted arrangements for their classes in the coming session.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE BURIAL GROUND QUESTION AT BURTON WOOD.

An adjourned meeting of the ratepayers of the parisa of Burtonwood was held in the Board School on Thurs- day evening, for the purpose of further considering the question of additional burial ground accommodation Mr.A.Jackson (chairman of the Parish Council,presidsd . and the other members of the Council present were Messrs. W. Senhton,T. Belltield, W. Southern,J.Warbur- ton, and W. Fairclough, besides whom there were pre- sent representatives of all religious denominations. Mr. John Forster (assistant overseer) read the notice convening the meeting, and also the minutes of the last meeting held on May 30th, when there was a tie in the number of votes for a cemetery, and the question was left over. The minutes were confirmed on the motion , of Mr. Southern, seconded by Mr. Warburton. _ .

The Chairman, said he was sorry that the Vicar was not present that night, and his absence would show that he would fall in with the views of the parishioners. The question was a very serious one for the parishioners of liurtonwood. The old burial ground was quite full up, and anyone needing a grave must go up and down the graveyard seeking in every corner for a spot. He thought the parishioners should take the matter up without de- lay, and hoped that they would do their best, and if the parsh meeting would consent for the Parish Council to take the matter up he had no doubt they would go into it fully and ventilate it. With regard to the.cost, in the Act it tol4 them they could borrow money on the rates to the extent of sixpence in the gound,aud no more than that in any one year, and that would extend ever a period of somithing like 60 years,so that it would not be the present generation which would have to bear the ex- pense. Mr. W. Southern moved that they adopt the burials Act, and that they leave the question of the burial ground in the hands of the Parish Council, who would do their heat to try and work the thing through. They knew exactly what the parish wanted. It was import- ant not only to church people, but to Non-conformists, Catholics and everybody to have a burial ground in Bur- tonwood, instead of going to Sutton, St. Helens, Earles- town and Newton. rhey wanted a burial ground that they could go to at the last moment, when they had anyone to bury. He thought it was a downright shame that they had only got a church place to go and bury in, and he thought if they would only leave it with the Parish Council, they would do well. (Hear, hoar.)

Mr. J. Warburt9n endorsed all that Mr. Southern had said. The question had been on for some years, and he wanted an additional ground making at the time he was churchwarden, when it could have been done at very little expense. He thought it was time they found somewhere to bury the dead and it was nothing but right that all denominations should be buried in one place. He seconded the motion.

• Mr. W. Sephton supported, and said he did not see the necessity for any discussion. It was a disgrace to the pari,h te be without a burial ground. It was simply a question of adopting the Act and carrying it out, and with regard'to the-cost, about £1,500 would pay for all. A new site for a burial ground was required, and they should get to work as soon as they could. Mr. F. Davies also suppotted and said it was a wise suggestion as they had found the Parish CounciVad done their best, and spent their time in the interests of the parishioners. The motion was put to the meeting, and unanimously carried.

FEEDING BEARS WITH HUMAN FLESH.

VIENNA, THIIRSDAT.—At Debreczin, in Hungary, two Roumanian bear leaders have been arrested on the charge ci having fed their animal; on human flesh. They admitted having killed and cur into pieces lour boys in order to feed their hears. Great pOpular indig- natirm has been aroused in the district by tte horrible avowal

-1-__

PRIMROSE LEAGUE GARDEN PA.RTY AT OrtAPPENHALL. the Primrose League !mad a very pleasant re-rini°ll The metnbers of toe Grappenhall Habitation of on Saturday afternoon. The occasion was the au; nual garden party, which, through the kindness ,Mrr. J. Charlton Parr, was held in ti aPPenhall Hayes. There was a large attendance divas' of members. The Latchford Christ Choral( ban t in attendance, and anuther source of amliseruen _Was "Professor" Le Ma,e's "Punch and Judy .1 ea Was served in a tent, and there were two 81_, rugs. Afterwards toe members of the League 'sea; parr a"' to the rear of the residence,where Mr.J. C. the Rev. F.L. Good, of Acker's-lane, addressed Orr. trom the lawn facing the tennis court. Mrs.Parrt,"",. Roger Parr, the Misse Mr. Al n Lialgs'' s Greenall, a the grounds oi Kaye (bon. secretary of the habitation) were ar- ' present. WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB.-100 MILES TISI i OMPETITION. ,: , Glob In connection with ihe Warrington CYcL'fie„isted, n oa ny ni having beenT he ruronuomne ah 100 miles time conaietition has been coull-iter- , go ts- milestone from Knutsford ( Warrirgton sideb`—tiod I ford, Holmes Chapel, Coegle'" Cilrovangi" aell Twuaissdaa.sy follows Saturday a Bth Horses), Sandbach, Crewe. Naar wich, o --tchtiroh, . sandbaisb.., . . (Railway Hotel), Nantwich, Crewe, C. ongleton, Holmes Coapei, linutsiord, and fi,ntbe :• - ing at the 9th milestone from Kuut.ford, n_ell', -', Dog and Dart Inn, Grapa nhali On Tharau„a,•'oriog ' ' competitors turned out, John Waddington cni-jo a ' the distance in 5 hrs. 16 wins. 28 secs., wb, 'c: on . Saturday and three secolid, outside record to aturday six members competed, when Fttibioa was as follows :--John W:vd.min °ton, 5 v.'s :—start : bet finished first. The re,milt f the coalP,y-toirm. brs.,i. ss-to•tb, 28 secs. ; Fair Barber, 5 tirs. 52 ruin. ,• G. '''' - BloS" 6 hrs. 5 min. ; Hearn,, 6 ma,. 6 min, 45 see:iiw ee ton, 6 hrs 40 min, ; Stiller 7 hrs. 30 mitt '- competitors will receive ModalS• harsoirepl 45 MiC walnutl ii N E:.wHe anr . - LI az. , 4 z. ow.u.. DTureragse:.i6 60. d .- • sßokey.st,, wssrington.—.4det. NARROW ESCAPE FROM Dnowstr,.- PADDINGTON e itber Whilst a boy from War ton, 'who wore Il wos mlg cap, coat, boots nor stockings, and:whose _l3Bl3l„ef the not ascertained, was leaning over the WO " and Bridgewater Canal, behind Messrs. Roystorttiok. 'Son's Bone Works at. Paddington in search c'• ,f sod berries, on Svturday, he overbalanced hip:lB%ooa be about 150 yards away fell into the water. Mr. Peter Rathbone haP` Y's h rd the "lb to screams, and hurrying to the spot he "r s. boy When he ea ..,.03 Vn _, some difficulty enabled to drag the drowo`,ltefory to the side and place him on the bank lus"he ha he was going swallowed a large down for the third time. Tter aad quantity of the filthy 15;athhooe. was in a precarious coalition, but Mr' IvEl-aentli who was a nr-mber of the ambalaneeClaSS re-od held at Padgate waq equal to the occasiout 'lwo once applied artificial respiration, and aftef of Oa time was successful in getting the water 03" ciauv body and bringing time by to a state of calsoked nets. 'I he boy did , not give his name, h hut ' is rescuer and imr..eded to his home. cage of HOUSEHOLL LINE "e, hem trwd and marked. free J. and NV Dutton, ta .ulO-,y-s ~ Varrinzton.--tiot'

MARKETS. „ st 2,,76,111' WARRINGTON MA RIO; L—VV'snsiisnalt. FRUIT, Vll4l, TA iiLB POUL CUL BETI3I FIRHMONGERd' TABLE. _. a. 0. 6 , a 2 ' 4. s. ( ° 0 1 Beal, Ling.. H' 0 sto 0 9 Melon. e`l44 0 2 Lamb per lb 0 8-0 10 Oranges, a cuv 0 0 0 .7 Mutton „ Veal ~ ~n 9 Pears . ......... .0 0 0 1 -. Pork „ „ 0 6-0 5 N.T.cots eseb .0 Pork sides - 0 C rrots per lb 4 0 ~ cured - 0 6 Caul flowers etiest„, 6 1 Whole pigs„ se 8 0-8 6 '',ieurnbers each' 2-- , 03 0 0 Geese „ 0 0 9 o.ll,.tr,ges e". (I " 0 Fow's es couple 4 0-0 0 Torn itoes '" 0 8 0 2 Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb ..... z Ducklings ~6 6 0 0 Spanish Odious 1-- 0 .(Its Hares. each Pigeons „ - 0 0 Potatoes I°,.,autt 00ci 10 Part 'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New I.otatnet; to 8-- Grpuse „ 5 0- 0 0 .Y.tisi.rooinsz ih 2--, 0.. Pheasants O- 0 0 .ireen peas r 03- 0 • Turkey - 0 0 Green ";Pr°llt's tb n 0 " Butter, fresh t 1 2- 1 3 ans,kidnc9 .0 1 0 Hen eggs 11 1 0 0 0 Pomegranate' .. 0 0 - 0 Duck „ 0 0- 0 *0 Walnuts .... 0 1 c , Apples It. 0 0-0 3 Lemons ...... 0 Onions „ - 0 2 Che ........ 60 0- 48 Grapes ~0 0- 2 0 Fine ............ „45 Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 Good ....... ".36 0 Greengages tslt 00- 0 8 Me ilurn • .... 1 4 Cherries „ - 0 0 Lce.ster r " 0 0-- Strawberries „00 -0 0 Turbot ...... 1 6 --0 11 Damsons ~0 0-0 4 S,lmon •••" 0 0--0 6 Plums „ 0 0 4 Whitings .. ... 0 -- 0 0 Gooseberries „'0 0- 0 0 Flukcs •••". 0 8 "-1 8 . Rasp. erries ~0 0- 0 0 8e1a.... "*" 0 0 0 , Black Currants 0 0- 0 ", Soles ~ : 0 0 ..... 0 0 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings ..... 0 4 . Harrows each 0 0- 0 6 Coltish ....... 0 0 0 0 Seakale bl.O -0-0 0 Mackerel eac",., 1 0 Rhubarb bob 0 0- 0 0 $ erring r doze—

FOR FIRST-CLASS P111"14

, ,

I)ENTISTRY• Appointments unnecessarY, but slas arranged.

===== 0002601_18950831_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
.

iETII. . E:. All consultations free. A 1" Haab patient informed beforelaam. e O work req aired der Gold and other fillings at aist T E°B rrEETH. charges. rai•nlAe,,nslix.Dtt.R,caflisoonLflasdybiAtt jttondbanytotoe T EETT,.. of Nitrou Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of MO gall°l)s •I, weekly. • .

Exors. of the late

J. H. pARK,Ns° 5

(DENTIST BF Exem.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STIAII.

(NAT TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCII-STRO' ST. 11PLENS, OEORGE-STREET' E ARLESTOWN, on TL ESTI &TS, at Ws. 461, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, S1'51;115- RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRID(03-131: -NORTH WICH, OD FRIDAYS, IS, Arriayse.oo-

===== 0002601_18950831_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
11118 WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM, PALMYRA SQUARE, RE-OPENS MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2ND.

VIDEPENDI, NT METHODISTS.—BRIWI - ST. MISSION, WARRINGTON. I'rELINLINARY NOTICE. A BAZ IAR BTitu,.r. Avid in the WESLEYAN SCHOOLS, BOLD- WEDNE 4Y, THURSDAY, and FEE- OA, OCTOBER 23rd 24th, a d 25th. "CpeRhDS IN OF BUILDING FUND. B. WARBURTON, 35, Robson-st. J. SHAW. 81. Lythgoes-lane. General Secs, to Bazaar. '444ANT SUNDAY AFTERNOONS (FOR CLtpp MEN ONLY). HELD IN CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET. WAR ING- TOB /04pm, -Vista' SUNDAY AFTERNOON, 3to 4. y'lo 0 VC' UNDAY), SYPTEMBBR Isx 1895, _NIiIV HALF-YEAR FOR BOOK PRIZhS. -'2lb-; AND JOIN Iv-MORROW ! ! ! Sotoisrs Mrs. R. H. PEARSON. fingtgEß Mr. pAlissy (lanenester). CHAIRMAN : Bev. 3. YONGB. rel Unsectarien and Non-Politiod. , BRIGHT! BROTHERLEY I

‘jt, 4ANII,II,I„RE LINES. I XCURSIONS TO THE r7,ONbA-1.--41 WALES COAST via T.IVERPOOL. livery L'olll-prAv",lli THURSDAY until further notice. Chrap iesII,7',JaCURSION TICKETS as shown below, will tliAlfil,",ond Warrington (Central to LLANDUDNO, p".}, 01, ,'LiS. BANOOR and MENIA BRIDGE via LIVER- am." r•S• " ST TUDNO," leaving Princes Landing 10 45. . • 41041,1110, 6rst-c1555 and saloon. Ts 6d. ; third class, and 115,tu'r,.."• ;3rd c 885 and second saloon, 45. 4.1c0a '"R."Le, Bangor and Menai Bridge, first-class and *044 third 'class and saloon, 75. ; third class and 45 6d. Ilether particulars see bills.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees. SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK " BRIDGE-sTREET, W A RRINGION FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head (Ace: 168. ISLINUTON, LIVERPOOL,. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £IS, Repayable Ss. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 21. 3d. £5l, „ 20s. „ 23 Bs. Od. ~,,£lOO, 40s. £8 15s, Od. ALEX. GORDON, Manager.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADsToNE BAG (Cow Hide) From 181. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 391 AND 415 DALE STREET, 125 LORD STREET, AND 85 PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ETIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonda, Sheffiel..l and Rleetro Plate. A.ntiques, DentAlGold, Sio. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J Hirrie Gibson), 73. grashaw-street. Liverpool.

SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD BOLE LIVERPOOL AUTUORISED AGENTS IBE WALTHAM WA ' CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal' fame for these Watches as THE DES rTA MEKESPEPS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makere, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance C. 10 0 Ditto. Rayless, ditto Gold, from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER. PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. fir. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch tnot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &,0., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC RR:PAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHECS AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, 1. CHEAP, and Sy some of the be makers in England. ENORMOUS STOOK. Joiners', Ship Carnenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Plasterers', Shoemsk-rs'. Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUG II ES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. THE FIRM OF WILLIAM GILL has pleasure in announcing that their arrangements for KEEPING MEAT COOL DURING THE -SUMMER, BY MEANS OF A COLD AIR REFRIGERATOR, are mow oompleted, thereby enabling them to guarantee TENDER MEAT DURING THE HOTTEST WEATHER.

WILLIAM GALE, • - FAMILY', BUTCH E R, 27, MICK-STREET, PEND/FM-STRUT, WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON, BEEF, VEAL, PORK, &C., Always on hand from 51d. to 84d. per lb. , A Trial Solicited.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYPHING

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SHALLWARE, HARDWARE. AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HOESENIA.RKET-STREET. WARRINGTON. WRINGING MACHINES A SPECIALITY.

UINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINOBIL BEER. To be bad in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, near WATKIN-STREBT. WARRINGTON.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. TEE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES. small wmAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine kept in stook. Wagons sent to any Railway Statio H orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98 N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-at.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. MINERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. , NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. , A good assortment, of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Mancha& MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Qaality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MAC DON ALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET , Opposite Crown &PO Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT ID FREE every FRiDAY,IIa.m,tOS p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by 11.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids toHealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TENTH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Infortnatien Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address f NORTHWICII BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDA.Y.II a.m.to 6 in MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY. (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

H. EZ A D, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR. FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every tieseri. Con (Town and Country). Ilous s built to tensmts' own plans. Jobbing pu etu .11y attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &c., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by 11 Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 104., and is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, WARRINGTO N

TSLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STRAMERS.—(Sundays expected.) LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily 10.30 am and 2pm Bally 9am and 4pm Fridays and Saturdays spm Mondays, extra 12.30 am Every •Sat urday...11.45 night FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily 215 pm Daily - 8.30 am Douglas due 5.30 vm I Fleetwood due 11.30 am Saturdays extra. Fleetwood to Douglas 12 25 noon. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY, Saturdays and Mondays direct, 12 30 noon ; Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thursdays, ' and Fri6ays, via Douglas, 2 p.m. Weekends at Ramsey, Special Steamer, *Mondays, 1 a.m., Ramsey to Livrrpool. FLEETWOOD TO RAMSEY, via Dougms, every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS TO DUBLIN, Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays. 1 DOUGLAS TO,GLISGow, Mondays, Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST. via Peel, daily. Cheap fares and short sea passagPs. Hall Caine's" Little Man Island" also Book of Tours and &Wings trom Douglas to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow, for- warded on receipt of stem pa, value 2d., by the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

• LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY SA ILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.S. • ST. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrive back Liverpool 7.30 p.m. SPECIAL REDUCED FARES FOR PARTIES (If previously arranged at Agsnts or at Office),P.s. "BONNIE PRINCESS" every Saturday (to 31sc August) from Liverpool at 1-30 p.m. re.urnlng each Monday to Sept. 2nd due in Liverpool at 10 15 a.m. For Fares and further par- ticulars apply to Peers Brimelow. Horse and Jockey, Warrington ; Messrs. T. Cook & Son, Swan & Leach, limited, Dean& Dawson, 13. Gaze & SORS. Ltd., or to THE LIVER- POOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED. T, G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA - BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to BOLCILAS—at 2.0 pro. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in Tonneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at -55 a.m. Speck! Clseap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 233.6 d. } Trains run Third-class and Saloon . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin hr. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—OIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vxe versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s, Od. " Third-elass and Saloon 135. 6:1. Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by en the outward and homeward jour- ney eassetuters' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange. Ulveratone (for the Lakes), Fumes' Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE A Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAY BE OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. ~I'ltCl AL REDUCED FAR ES between LIVER- POOL, GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabiu (single) 68. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, I0'.; Steerage (single) 35. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheat, rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham. Wolverhamptell. and all parts of Staffordshire, • in connection with Manchester Ship Canal ShrGpshire Union Canal Co. LivultrooL AND GLASGOW. tg ntra an AT OBERSOCIK Litit7lW.!` The first-class full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail Iron; CLARENCE 1./OCK (south-west side), Liveroool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers In terms stated in Saidng Bills, to be had from the Agents Prom Clarence Dock AVG UST (S.W. Side) at BE AN Tuesday 27th, OWL Wednesday 28th. 4 p.m. BEAR Satin day 31st, 8 p m. C. MACIVSR at CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-et., Liverpool ; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester AGI.IIIII, J. BRUCE MURRAY A Co.. 24 George Square. Glance./ ;J. /4 J. DENH OW. GI ‘inozlc

JOHN TOET AND SON, MOH-CLASS REFRESIDIENT CATERERS FOR WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCHEON, DINNER, AND SUPPER PARTIES. With or Without Decorations. ESTIMATES ON APPLIOATION AT TDB RESTAURANT. 102, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on rec.-ipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES. HARDAWAY AND T OPPIS G, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Pricel stlpublished twice daily durin-, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card enntaining address.— STEWARDS' CUP, GOODWOOD STAKES ST. LEGER, CESAREWITCH, CAMBRIDGESHIRE. Ac., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. - HAIR COMBINGS per oz. IMMOVABLB I from MAIM UP, f 2s. SCALPHTTBS, I 21e. SBALBS BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVIIRPOOL,

THOMAS J. RIGBy, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND OROWN-STREET. WARnINGTON. Begs to inform his friends and the public g.-n..rally that he has taken over the Business lately earned on by him- self and Peter Rigby at the above address. and hopes by strict attention to merit a continuance of their support. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALIVY. BESIDEN= :-10, MERSh'Y MOUNT.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COIL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19 Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay 'lel. Address, Maison-street, Runcorn. Garston,, Mold Jn. Arpley, Warrington

FIRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SICELION LTD., WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORS IiMARKET- STR6RT, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS 0 select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AG ENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINOS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY. at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI .bRIDGE. arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: , C•`..' JOHN WALKER 4ND CO., "EXAMINER ' OFFICE. ::--- - WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- ki DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERICAN LIN E—SO UT lIA M PTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL IA NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA. every WED- NESDAY.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK. BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER' OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT

THE RAPID WASHER S 0 A P WASHER IR WASHER SOAP. SOAP. A RAPID WASHER WASHER SOAP. SOAP. JOSEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged.TEETH. All consultations free. ' r f EETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost or work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 'EETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extract;inintroausihgxhiecleto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DF.NTIBT BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660),1 LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mints. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3 SANKBY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGRNT, 67, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire, Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stook and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET. WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STRLET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS WORK ESTIMATKD FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

296.900 ,d'iovicLeteeahtolodnocre leaonsehhc!lodrptgragopeer;ticaesn• interest 4 to 5 per cent.--J. BROWN, 501, Lord-strort, Liverpool.

22 t clas easy of aybozenrors ersaioi:Lotwhne security.s i Interestent all and I ow £. All transactions strictly private —Apply personally or by letter to WILLIAMS AND BELL, 16, Lord-st., Liverpool. AND DB CONVINCFD. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, amply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply in confidence JONSS. 64, Church-street, Warring:on. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Sim ply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER. 22, Cross Lane. Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN mArroltusTEß. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower Interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Aocountant, 20, Kennedy. st., Manchester.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £.5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers. or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender. or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me, and I will ae- comniodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN !SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND sTRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, F,arners, Tradesmen and ' others. Male or Female. Reptyments • Also LOANS granted on Life Assn:A.(sa Policies. Re- versions, and Freehold end Leaseho d Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOZEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR, JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable He useholders, on their own security. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without publio enquiry, on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and In WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, my Evening from 6t 17. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

U NION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO. HEAD OFFICE -38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5.000 upon personal semrity, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, ac., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. , £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O ,. Bs. „ £BO ,, 2os. „ EMI „ 4os. „ £5OO „ £lO „ £lOOO ,, £2O „ First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stooks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l,OOO, to respectable rersons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. ~ Delay. „ Life Polices 6d. in the £ „ Law Costs. &o. weekly, monthly „ Publicity. At 5 per cent, or quarterly Capital can remain at interest This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from T. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Mancnester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. ?Showing the the time to which :a Letter can e posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp,

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. 11.8. D OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER James Jordan; liours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. 444 nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 am. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 Pan., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 sari. oney Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 4.4.9nrd. POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m„ and 8 pin. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.in.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m .•

, LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Extra MAILS. id. Stamp. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Colborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybringe, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail •.. 10-35 am Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales•Preston,St.Helens. Southport. and South Wales ... 2-20 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestosvn, Colborne, Lowton & Winwiek ... 3-10 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... 8-10 SUNDAY DESPATCHES, All Parts—General Night Mail.

IN CONSE4I-likil OF REMOVAL TO MORE CENTRAL PREMISES,THE OIL AND BRATTICE CLOTH WORKS, CLARINGTON BROOK, Ib CE, NEAR WIGAN. To Oil Distillers, Colliery Proprietors, Metal Merchants, and dthers. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6th. 1895, at Two p.m. E GEORGJAMES HEALY has received instruc- tions to SELL BY AUCTION the whole of the VALU- ABLE PLANT, twa oil stills, and iron tanks, engine and dressing cylinder for braitioe making, wood buildings. horizontal engine, Gin cylinder, 101 n. stroke; single hotizon- tal engine. 3m, cylinder, Bin stroke ; pair of horizontal en- gine, 3in. cylinder, 12in. stroke; anvil, smiths' tools, aiming, 1 two pairs of blocks, cast-iron gate, copper pipe, about 12ft., with brass flinge. lfin ; three bags of bolts. 1 by llin. ; bands, gudgeons, &a., treadle grincing stons, brass taps,loose pulleys, Ac. On View Morning of Sale. For further particulars ap. ly to the Aucrromisa, Old Post Office Chambers, Wigan, and 18, Acrestield, Bolton. Tele- phone No.—Wigan, 93 ; Bo.ton, 83.

THE BROOKS COLLECTION OF HARE ARTIST PROOF ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS. MONDAY NEXT, and Four following days, at the MART, 37, CORPORA- TION-STREET, MANCH EnER, at 11 each day. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION an exteasive Collection of High-class MODERN PROOF ETCHINGS and ENGRAVINGS. View prior to Sale. Catalogues ready.

Telephone : N 0.55. _ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OTTICEN—Market Gate Chambers, } Warrington . Aurrtox Rooms—No. I Bank Street AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, !Wahl! 1710. Norwich and London ( Accident Plate Glass ,Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stook Insurance Assochtlen Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Bollerlnsuranee Company, Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER- OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD ChAYPERS. SALEROOM:— j 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

flottlo, ItpDrotl,.)3oalbing Cotabs. 11QOWNTISS, WINDTCRMBRII, Albert Hotel. Pirties catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Meat the lake.—R. DARWICK, Proprietor.

I LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 1.4 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 158.—E. BAKER, Proprietor.

QOUTHPORT. SUNNYSIDB HYDRO-Phys., Dr. Li BARNARD°, Summer and Winter Restdence, eue of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer 'I erms from 7s. per day.- J. Beococg, Proprietor.

OHARMING SUMMBR RESORT. —HBSWALL, CHE- V SHIRE (near West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, tea and moun- tain views, good shore, most delicious and bracing air. Write for prospectin, "Glendower" BOARDING Howls:, Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends 9s. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

LANDUDNO.—WEST &RD BOARDING ESTABLISH- -1.4 MINT; recently enlarged; highly. recommended for cleanliness. god management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charming situation; view of bays, ...close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links ; liberal table; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; ,no extras.—T. JEPEICOTT, pro- prietor.

LONDON. VvitT 1 L D 34' TBO 4TI ELAGPAETIIHAINLLC AEL S OHATO T ir. L , 70 lc 71, BUSTON SQUARS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTHPORT.-29. Bathrst.. near Pier and Promenade, Comfortable APARTMENTS, terms moderate.—Mrs. WINNILL. BIACKPOOL VIEITORB can get COMFORTABLE A COMMODATION at Mrs. Jowarr's. 118, Albert- road, public or private rooms, write early for beds.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMKNTS comfortably furnished, two large silting, two doubb—bedded rooms, bath. h.and C. good cooking, close to sea.—Mits. DOHERTY, Hasel- dene, Benson-lane, South Shore.

COLWYN and NORT WALES COAST. For Furnished H houses to let, apply to P. Mcw, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

"DLACKPOOL.—Misa A. MATTHEWMAN. 24, Adelaide- street, near Central Station. Public and Private apart- ments.

DOUGLAS.-MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trams pass.—Terms : Full board, ss. per day; Tea, Bed and Breakfast, 3s. 64. ; Beds 23. per night.

BRUSSELS.—Board, Residence. and advantage of learn- ing French. splendid and large house. best situation, 309 per week.—Mdme. DRAPIEE, 87, Avenue Tolson d'Or. BLAcKPooL—Mrs. CATIAR, 59, Chapel-st7Palicand and Private Apartments ; terms moderate; home comforts ; three minutes walk from t entml Station and sea. BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. KENYON, 26, Talbot-square; com- fortable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartments private or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

PENMARNMAWR. Desirable well-furnished HOUSE, two sitting, six bed rooms, bath, gardsu ; from let October, rent moderate.—W. E. Eaowx, 3, Newgate-street, Chester.

L)OUGLAS.—Delamere House. No. 1, Empress Drive. Public and private Apartments with or without board. All bedrooms facing sea. Trams pass from landing pier.—J. Ti. flotuni, Proprietor.

DLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find comfortable APART- MRNT3, with or without Dowd at Mrs. COWEN'S, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and prtvate apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

nOUGLAS. MRS. CHALMERS and. Mrs. LINLaARD, York HOUSE, Castle Drive, facing Castle Mona Hotel. Splen ,id See, View. Trams pass the door every few minutes. Private qtting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

fIOUNTRY APAR MENTS, for two or three ladies or w-mtlemen, at 3unnyciale, Wellesbourne, Warwick, standing on its own grounds, croquet, fishing, large orchard, and every comfort studied for invalids or otherwise, in picturesque and healthy neighbourhood of St at ford-on-Avon, horse and chaise, rooderare charges.

E _Ed ADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS I SHOULD NOW BB ILL IN BED. EADB'S pus. 107. Jubilee-terrace, 'Wolverhampton-road, EADB'S FLU. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear ir,-1 write to thank you EADE'S pus. for the very greatamount of benefit . I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GoUT am extremely thankful, as I can still kee., at my work. I shall use IH U MATIBM every endeavour to mak your Pills mop, widely known. You L ri OUT may use this how you think pr'- per.—! remain, lours mit hfully, Ijr RHEUMATI M E. GUEST. "Mr. G. Bade." -- EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road, Loudon. RU.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. and 25.9 d.

GEORGE JACKSON. P ',WEBB OKE t, JE IX ELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- 31RUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. lA"'S Gold Keyless Geneva Payments taken. J WATCH. enamelled and tinted dial, nearly new, jewelled in two pair extra, cost when new 4 guineas. /455. y price only • -VERY Handsome Pair of China Payments taken. V FIGURES, under shades stand- ing 16 in&ies high, very quaint de- Fi S. B. sign. hand-painted. ice to clear

I ADY'S Diamond and Ruby Payments taken. 11 Dress RING, Government Hall marked, 9et. shank, cost new 423., our price 14s. 6d. ; al o another very pretty Pearl RING, Government Hall marked, 15ct. shank and five very pretty Oriental Pearls of first- 218. class quality. Cheapest In Town for PAIR of Grand SRASCaPES, in Payments taken. massive English gilt frames, well wort.' 355.. suitable for cottage or mansion, onlyjust out. Will take for Pair l2B. 6D.

P—• Alft of Antique Bronze JUGS, Payments taken. grand opportunity Hs they are wet worth twice the money we are now a king. Greatly reduced New 17s. 6D. only Price _ ALL Walnut rTh—rawing- room Payments taken.LI 4 TABLE, very piettily inlaid with various woods; must be sold, price only Bs. lid. • also Bamboo Music ABINET, siii;htly soiled. To 89. 11D. clear 11 ANDSOMB Walnut OVER- Payments taken. MAN EL, 51 by 50in.,canopy top, b ackets for ornament., brie- brae. Ac., best British silvered plate glass with bevelled edges ; cheapest Overmantel in town, suitable for anyone desirous of a thoroughly 22 178. 6D. good article. .Price only FOR SALB.—COUNTER, good, 7ft. 91n. by Eft. 3in.— Apply P. " Examiner Office, Earlestown. PRNRETH.—Good HOUSE to be sold, with gardens, greenhouse, stable.—Apply, Box 25, Examiner Office. _ To be disposed of an Old Established LOAN MISTERS-. _L. - Apply THOMAS LATIMER, 29, Rendrick-st., War- rington. SUFFERERS from hot tender prespiring feet and bodies, should send stamped addressed envelope to BLAB, 5, High-street, Whitstable, Kent. URODSHAM.—FreehoId Detached House ON SALE, three sitting. fiv, bedrooms, large gardens; rent £35. no chief; price 2500.—BanLow, Church-lane, bale. DRASS PLATES. Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &c.—Cnatuass R. HALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

riORNS ! CO RNS ! ! CORNS ! ! !—A guarantee cure for V Corns, has cured advertiser. The recipe I.s. 6d. postal order and st,mped directed envelope.—t. HALL, Balderton, Newark, Notts.

(1 EMBRY BUSINESS for Disposal at niggle, lock-up k JI" corrugated iron shop, 40 feet by 18 feet, to Sell with renewabl. lease, at low rent.—Apply to F. TonicaoN,Marsden. near Huddersfield.

1-114tETHENWARB and CHlNA.—Seconds. £2 crate!; J 4 bear. £3 ;or ell! P end 15 dozen seconds articles for 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co.. Railway Passage. Longton. Staffordshire.

O N SALE 2 000 tons wrought, steel and oast. scrap, turn- ings. boilerplates, marine cranks, cold blast castings, stem boilers, tank., engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.— Apply D. HouLT, Worksop, Notts.

oLF CLUBS. Golf Balls. A pronounced success. Best k 7 materials, workmanship, and •attest terms. Sales in- crelsed four-fold io six months. Balls 78. per doz. free.— Wkoaorr, Musse burgh.

GREENHOLTSB FOR SALE —Within one minutes' walk from Woodvil e Station. Cheshire Lines. 80 by 15ft., most modern construction with Patent Boibr and Ph es, also quantity of spare Pipes and Glass —WILLIAM KNox,Ainsdale, near Southport.

TOMN LOWB. Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON V SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. Albert-strel. King-street West. Manchester,

AW ARDED FIRST PR IZ B MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. 1887. and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame arid Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every descriptien. eleographs. Am Further redno on in prices. Wholesale Carver cud Gilder. Frei y requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to no .utry and ship: fel( orders. Frill ks.s eticulars Di- New Pattern /OK just publish- d (94 pnges)iii. Abliuu nil the Newest Designs for Si, stamps. —H. IlionFt.r. .7 end 18 Great -it, Andrs.w-st.. Bloomsbury,. London. qotouritrilie address Pabbitrv," London. titimck Lists ami or ••••••• !41.1. mouthiv.iree.

_ MA DAM FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most peraerfol !Ind eff-rtfve .(c1 eafth. For the most obstinate car.ra Avill rot injure the most delicde. Priee 7s. 6d. (41ronge.t Us bottle) Post free 6.1. extra. H' 11E11. INSTITCTR, li. HACKNEY-ROAD, Shoreditch Church) LONDON, N.H. send at rnce stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forteit £lOO for every testimonial that is net genuine, and they ran be seen at any time.

DARVEL BAT TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a poi ion to offer them at the exceedingly low prioe of 18s. per 100 or samples can be had at 5 for 's. THE SMOKERTES. 58, IfORSBMARKET-ST., AND YR OLD FOX INN, BUTTF,RMARKET-STREET, WARRiNOTON. J. DESWICK, Proprietor.

MARROWFAT PEAS. RICE MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL. OAT HIT KS. OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UNDECORTICATED COTTON CAKE. v. SAMPLES AND PRICE. FROM RICHARD ATKINSON & CO.. 11, DRURY-LANE, LIVERPOOL

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST. NO GAS, NO OIL. ROYLB'S I Burning the New Smokeless Fuel I See the latest b.tore you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and vs irons 1 STOVES. entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s Thousands selling. Supplied on apptoval. SHOWROOMS. I 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHAM ENGINEERING WORK'. I Great Bridgewater-street, Oxford etre,"

lAN BALE, GOOD VERTICAL ENGINE (417.1 e and 1..,1 boiler in working order. No reasonable offer refused. —Apply Examiner Office, Runcorn.

EjALP-M-P, STBAbI 11NGINH and Strong BOILIIR. Chaff Cutter, Harrison and McGregor No. 4, for hand or power, oheap.—Dims, 1, Lower Mose-lane, llulme.Man, cheater.

OLIVER. BROWN. HOWIL, AND CO., CHESTERFIELD Engineers, Machinery Brokers, Colliery Plant and Stone Working Machinery a speciality. Engines, Boilers Tanks, Stone Breakers, Mortar Mills, Steam Hammers alway in stock. All enquiries carefully attended to. QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of ingineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

1 CWT. Dormant WEIGHING MACHINE 2ft. 9in. revere V in good condition, stamped,cheap.—Also several other second-hand Weighing Machines and Seale,. ICatimates and drawings submitted for all classes of Scales, Weighing Mac hines and Weighbridges. Testers for coment bar iron, wire, springs,&c.—JoHe ECCLES, Jockey-et. Works, Winwick-road, Warrington.

pA TENT OFF ICTiI MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have has] more tam 40 years' personal experience in cuanectlon with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the- cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT AI3IISTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASI3ESTuS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS, SHEETINGS, JOINTI NOS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be oNtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the h orthern Counties: F. R. P U T Z. 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CUR'PHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses "Asbestos" Manchester and "Asbestos,' LiverpooL BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OPTERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AND CO., INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATIIER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, ,to. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. OE, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester, London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin,. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

rECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application,

Strprits, Sagsintueo, earnages, Zcci H 00PER AND S M 0 YS COACH RVILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prince. Good Stook o select from. Estimates for Repairs given fees. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landatur -Victories , Wagonettes. and Phietons. now for Sale or Hire.

eIYCLES good, light and strong, the famous rfumber Synyer and Co. Light roadster, fitted with Gregson Detachable and Nonsllpp ng Pneumatic tyre, which lir ,he best and strongest Pneumatic tyre in the !market, fitted wit • Dunlop rims, weight of machines all on. 2.1b3, price £l.l ; with Dunlop tyres, £l2. Good Machines,. tangent spokes. and all latest improvements, weight eBlbs., price £7 ; Old Cushion converted to Pneumatic at £2 5s per machine at TAMES GREGBOIf, Newtovrn Mill, near Ashbury Station, West Gorton, Mtuachester. P.,. —Cushione. Solids, and Perambulator tyres always on Stock.'

CYCLES! CYCLEs ! ! GREAT CLEARANCE. A small line of leading Coventry makes, titled with all the latest patterns. PNEUMATIC TYRES at Buyers' own prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret it for the rest of your days. S I LADE, THE PIONEER, 73, BOLD-STR%E LIVERPOOL.

W. P. & 11T. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES, CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are sole Agents fox-War- rington and District, they aie light Had up-to-date in ovary detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents fore' West's" ROYAL PILOGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 281 be. weight. price £ll 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in t..,wn at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 I.'s. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d. each. „ MUD GUARDS from Is. 2d. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each. REPAIRING OUTFITS frorn 4id. eack. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

EPPS'S GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST-SUPPER. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT F I OM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, HEID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURBRb, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 371, BRIDGE STREET, W ARRINGTO N. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in bcotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

X STOP UNE MOMENT. X "Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds F" TEL TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT. BA. IS AM OF HONEY. The most marvelloua Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and ;Lungs. It never fails to give instant relief and does not cOntiin Landanum, Opium, or Morphia. ECONOMISE, YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH .IS THE FIRST WEALTH. All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor cocr rpation, art' are especially exposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Pout tamper with Danger bt, go straight away for / 11 UDO IL WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicat. women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis. Asthma, Tight ,ess ot the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bron-hitis ;and Whooping Coughs. It, cures for One Shilling when Pound have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I If vomhave a Cough, try it; it you have a. Cold, try it ; it you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth a comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you.have lost night, ei rest, READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYUCIANS AND SURGEONS. When yJmare distressed by a misrabe cold, no,e bonged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Maseru ,of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market.;, it is thoroughly up to date :,it triOkles into all the system. A true frieud, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD. When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIramS. PaTENT BALSAM+ off HORSY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you dayou simply throwoff the genuine article and take on with a, false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands f Testinloni Os to hand trona all partsof the World. READ OF FURTHER. 1 SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OP-YOUR CONSIDERATION. Sus.—My wife desires me to Bay that your Tudor William, Balsam of Honey his proved a. most valuabie medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as a. cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's litisam is at once administered, ;old his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the- Balsam in rue family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by toting doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During:the short time the o,,ki is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the littlt ones take it readily and ask 2.3 r more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M,,, Ilaactmaster Severn. Tunn March 16th, 1892. READ ON STILL FURTHER. • A Cardiff Chemist says. t—l have larger sales for Tucia William's Balsam of Limey than any ether Cough Cum , That's the opinion of all chemists. Sold by all Chemists aud Stores all over he World in Is. Id, 2s 9d, te 4s 6d bottles. Sample butt lea sent post raid for is, Al s, and ss, from the Inventor, D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D,S.L, MEDICAL BALL, ABERDARE. WALES.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, offer t,repared without Mercury. are invaluable to MI wbo 6 fsrpoAmmlisr.l,lNotiEa,vaonudsLrDvEmtpßzsCosloPNt iilii TS. INI)1""1"' I"j°' Lolel °l' RRITABILITY. APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA. TILARTIMIRN, GEDPINKSO, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, n ',Quill. As it OENTRAL FAMILY APERIENT A4/I:ICINEiIaYe II- -. ch ~ Ail to the st,"" . being mild in their Operation - ecretione. They iti__ _ healthy . arid gra. t . " . tone and vigour to the di derail 5 _ ~r w causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and me;tiog resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, Pr°r° digestion and strengthening the whole system. ttotieonstazvahli,ghLiti..)l. SCOTT'S PILLS,resort stumld be kept at band by all Heads of hcasehold5. te' der th it charge as b y PayingOccasionn ciO f attention to ttohetheClrreVitulaeeti7l47BB re Bowels, many a " bamelioidirneedpgiGac°t her: Genuine are 'wrapped in a square green 11;rige: T, 1 ' nteamndeoonf.tWhe. PrlGyP'poietslrioWr, 1.4L0tt•M341123t1 •----'''___------ - ---- ' NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS AND' CaRRPON—ES DENTS. of neso All letters to the Editor and contrib uticm.,' - shoMd be writtea on one side of the pap It mil% t ia all Tire name and address of correspondet ats mils cation but °S a cases, be given, not necessarily for pubii ,Aiarantee of good faith. for the *** We do not hold' ourselves reerfol isible web opinions expressed in letters to the Edit (71,,.°7„riters. understood to embody only the views oi ' tu` - . _.------.. ------ are

RESIGNATION OF THE CHIEF CONSTABLE. At a meeting of the Warrington Watch Com- mittee which was held on Thursday week, a letter was received from Mr. Samuel Hunt, the chief con- stable, resigning his position as chief constable of the borough of Warrington on the grounds of ill- health, and advancing years. The committee accepted the resignation at the same time express- ing their great regret that Mr. Hunt was about to retire from the public position which he has held so long and so successfully. The committee decided to advertise for a successor at a salary of £.300 per annum, which is the salary that Mr. Hunt at present receives. Mr. Hunt will continue to perform the duties of chief constable until the ap- pointment of his successor. It may be mentioned that Mr. Hunt came from Derby to Warrington so long ago as September 21st, 1863, to act as superim• tendent. On August 9th, 1866, he was appointed chief constable of the borough, a position which he has held ever since. It is expected that in recog- nition of his long services to the town,a testimonial will be raised, and it will no doubt receive a very hearty response. Mr. Bunt will, of course, owing to his long service in the police force be entitled to a substantial pension. • WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 17th August,lB9s. During the week, which was the 33r1 of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths Warrington 3B 19 Latchford 5 Total 43 19 The excess of births over deaths was 24. The death rate from all causes was equal to 17.3 per 1,000, against 13.4 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 13.9 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 1.8 per 1,000, against 3.1 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 1.8 the corresponding week 0f,1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 6 5 1 2 3 2 19 19 The deaths included-2 from diarhcea, 2 from phthisis 1 from premature birth, 1 from old age, 2 from lung disease, 3 from brain disease, 1 from burns. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported :during the week :—Erysipelas, 1 case, Scarlet fever, 5 cases, enteric fever 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital on August 17-21 METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59.2 Fah., and therefore 1.1 degrees higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 68 F., was recorded on the 12th inst., and the raimimum temperature 47 F., on the 15th inst. The Rainfall measured .67 inch. The general direc- tion was S., the reading of ,the Anemometer denoting 625 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

•,Steam Engines, . Bolters, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, ' and Pumps. Large Stock. Weil* for grotatioss. statior &tails of requiremeut E.S.MNDLEY,II.QueenVictorIaSt.,LONDON.a.c., or to Works. BOURTON, DORSET.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains in the back. Gnaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. Scl. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hroughout the World ;or sent to any address for sixty stamps y the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SON. London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

FOUND DEAD. p 0 lbSeoeNn likilled nylLLlnNsiHngßA'sfASl4FoTßhilu,ssanpclosl ShoaNve Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he best Bison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 31. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy H-ds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles on land.

THE CURE OF NERVOUS DEBILITY The Press, the Public and the Profession have unani- mously pronounced PROF. LE BLANC'S MECHANICAL CONTRIVANCE for the Cure of Nervous Debility, Spermatorrhcea, hausted Vitality, Premature Decay, Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases of every form, and all kindred complaints, A TRIUMPH OF INGENUITY. By removing the cause, it entirely eradicates the effect of past indulgence, at the same time preventing a recui ranee or continuance thereof. Particulars of this MARVELof NINETEENTH CENTURY SCIENCE can be obtained, post free, of the proprietor, HENRY DAVIS, COPFORD LODGE, CHICHESTER PLACE, Daionrois, Sussicx. Name this paper.

TO WEAK MEN' suffering from the effects of Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wanting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, Diseases, Ac. We will send valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particular for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work should be read by every rasn who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the case Can be obtained direct.

POLISHING--A PLEASURE FINGER e„„t„;;,,, STEPHENSON's tt MARK. :eL4' FURNITURE CREAM. • • • _ : • A 101 Sold by Chemists Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors,STiPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD. 'FATNESS ,us FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. 'SA Dr.CAME,RON'S OBESITINE PILLS are „ sale and ple4sant cure ; sent free from .3!)semr\a'ravtieolluosnmeraencseittf orfedueiTn.g for et. i v6e. tar\ fat and Improving the complexion. "—E, CAMEEON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street London.

SWOT GOLD =DAL MINIM K NITTER .•41 KNITS Stmkiliga ribbed or plata GLOVES end CLOTHING in ▪ WOOL, RILE. or COTTON. INSTRUO. TION9 FREE. Lists kee per Pod. ▪ TRIUMPHANT AWARD et PARIS. Th• only WINNER in the WORLD of 7 GOLD MEDALS andl9other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE CO. Ltd. Works : G. Upper Brook St.. lianobostor. S M OBER'S COMPANION ' A Combined SELF - INKIN( POCKET STAMP, MATCH BO) F --•*" and CIGAR CUTTER (best ,nicks L silver. + I A USEFUL Novelty. Prices including Box. Ink a L Brush, one line blimp, 21. 3d. ; two lines 25. 9d. ; three line. 3s. 3d. Post Free. A. J. BYROM. 8, al URCH-STREET, GOLBORNB. A FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

THE "PECULIAR PEOPLE." ANOTHER DEATH. The Coroner for Southminster (Essex) had reported to him on Tuesday the death of another child of "Peculiar" parente,who succumbed to an attack of diphtheria. The father is a labourer at Tillingham, and on discovering that his child had contracted the disease he summoned the elder of the Church, who performed the ceremony of anointing with oil and " laying on hands." After linger- log for two days the child died. Another member of the family is suffering from the malady, but has not been attended by a doctor. Pending the result of the prow- -1 cutiou recently made by the Secretary of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children under similar cir- cumstances, the police will take no action.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (interndl en external), Price Os. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 9d. Only of HOPS, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen).332, Deansga , Manchester. Advice free,

THE JOHN NOBLE • , Half-Guinea Costumes Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufee. ~.. turers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. ..... Over 1,000 Well-paid Workers employed in John Noble's OWZI toi, Factories, under the strictest conditions of Sanitation and •St ' —.., _ cleanliness. .. ' / I di Highest Diploma & Gold Medal Awarded / British it Colonial Industrial Exhibition. TAN These Costumes are made in the John Noble Cheviot Serge (the e same quality worn by Miss Docker at the time of her rescue from the disastrous Wreck of the "Elbe," and sold at 716 the Dress Length). They are trimmed bold silk cord, and --- A i:::•:' supplied complete for the ridiculous" price of I 4 1016 each, packed in box and sent carriage ill paid for 9d. extra. N. 444 Itt Ordinary stock sizes fit any figure up to 38in5. • ' round bust, under arms; larger sizes il6 extra. The JOHN NOBLE MODEL COSTUMES have sallied beyond a doubt . THE ADMIRATION OF THE WORLD. They are far and away ahead of all other Costumes on the , market for style, cut, make, finish and quality of material, and in addition to all these good points the skirts are wider and the sleeves fuller, exhibiting a marked contrast to the slop-made Ap " skimpy " looking garments generally sold at low prices and often produced by ill-paid workers in the lowest sweating dens: • , therefore Ladies can with confidence place their orders with " John Noble Dtd., The Warehouse, Manchester. A LADY'S POPULAR SUIT , Is in no way a misnomer for the Costume here illustrated. It has proved 4.,,z^ itself the Success of the Season, and consists of the latest shape Outdoor I" / Open Coat Costume Skirt, both tailor-maCe.in the John Noble Cheviot . h.„--ei,,1_.,..„. . Serge, and caL,efpuellgitiiinsnhedaahise coniaatdies wsciitchnituilicallyeveuest, tfo. fashionable otnhaeb figure t." Ir ,- ,\ 5',,,, re- vers, pockets, and deep full basque, trimmed round collar and dt with tneexa extreme r etina tailor oerdstitching. with b i aa Skirtv vet trimmedor 4 1 - , ~: 1111 rnevndersbouwni ',/ , f t ry 1 i\v dintao match. sizes fit any figure from 321 n. to 421 n. round bust, under arms. Larger sizes 1/6 extra. Price complete, I 51- ; packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d extra. 1/Gr FIVE GUINEAS might be paid else- where for a similar suit, but no better style or fit would be secured. Bodices to wear with the above 4/6 extra. KNOCKABOUT PR.OOKS FOR GUMS From are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, with saddle top, 116 •long full sleeves, and pocket, at the following low prices- Each. Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 38 39 42 15 ins. Postage 41,4 d. extra. Prices 916 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 Sl' 516 ea. Every purchaser delighted. 'v The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. / COLOURS: Any of the above garments can be supplied in Black, Navy, fry • /,• // Brown, Myrtle, Bronze-gteen, Electric Blue, Ruby, Tan, Grey, or Drab. "THE BOOK OF THE SERGE," also PATTERNS and FASHION SHEETS of up- s/N., A•,_ _ • ' , to-date Costumes, Blouses, Mantles, &c., sent Post Free on application. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS, which are always inferior, and remember '6,01M" that John Noble Ltd. have no agents, no travellers, or branch shops, and the genuine goods can only be obtained direct from their Manchester ' establishments. Please mention this paper when ordering. t JOHN NOBLE Ltd., The Warehouse, MANCHESTEN

Those tiny CAPSULES • are superior to Balsam NN TA I;l27oainbas ;.nTicbeurbes ?nr 4 4 hours the same diseases without incon- venience. 4/6 of all Oho- -47 I D nig& Or post free. WILCOX • Co., 289, OXFORD BL, LONDON, W

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. JAM'l3.oct iF PILLS/s TOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. xn Boxes, 90., Is. 10., and 2s. 91. each, with full directions. The Is. ld. Box cc.. alas 56 PREPARED ONLY Br THE rROPHIETOR— THOMAS BEECOM, St. lielens, Lancashire. BEEGHAyff s TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THM BREATH, In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

ADDLERY, HARNESS. &c. For Home. Colonial, and other Idarkets.—Con Heroine, =Went et,.13 6s. rict.; Ge HARNZES, full sire. ea as.; Cob sire, S 2 a6s.. Pony Sire. Sd IOC; DONKIT HAMM, Ai ten. HAIATT CART HAINI4II, L 2 las. thd ; Drini-trkin RIDING SADDLES, complete, Li se All sent on appro . Illustrated Oa lists pest fees, ea applkadita to Jaadtdd, X.WMbz

PURE IRISH LINEN, IRISrogadTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed al Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti• fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozeu ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9,4/9,5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pine flax, 40. per yd. Real fish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS) FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldPustryelWe oovl.leUasnessuarypa;fssfeodr fLoardSietsr,enogrtGhe, nDfus,rawbeilaitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO. 3 LARNE3 IRELAND

w 4 TSOW s x.t r.i,ss 1 oal-osvw si °al' 10 k 4.4 lifir 0. Best s V HOT WATER iti Op COLD WAIE R. 11 I ‘v4•1101* #irtl %S.MØ' 3est 5061)f0r WATER. cQOFT ) SOLD BY ALL GROCERS ZE coopERA-riva STORES.

GOOD FMYULY MEDICINE CKST. WITH a prudent use, has save! many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take zome good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. Coc KLas FREE FROM MERCURY, ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PI LA LS, For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &O. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &e.

ESTABLISHED 1851 BIRKBEC.ti BANK Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lO.l. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnitied and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT F. or the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smallsum d aposit,and allows Interest monthly on each completed £ BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE 'WI TWO GUINEAN PER MONTH. HIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. the BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS EAVENSCROFT. Manager

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at home and In the Colonies, be has never known to fall in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send adsiressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and 50,...a11ed Remedies, &c., which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. • Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9. Erskine Street, Liverpool

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove al obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons. so preva ent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. B T. TOWLE. Chemist. Nottingham. Beware vf imitations.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. aftm excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Me,. curial', hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London, PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZaNGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

THIS •, RAZOR is , made from . the best Sheffield - - gro STEEL and ground by Sheffield workmen.. It is warranted and if not approved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 1316. Or post free from the Manufacturers. A good ;Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 P.O. and Cheques, SLATER linos., Sheffield.

3.4 t'''l`) ''..,...-- ' •-• •• --••••,..-- •c. ' ' .;,...' ....•"..;" • . .. r z., ....„ , . . . , • • ..4/0 41, , . `.., i tt,. . _ 1 ( ) ~, Ci I •,;'. ;„ ,"%--V_44-tatk,'4o ta.,--.% j) '1 I (3 .t, I ~ :„.• . ?, 7'..'' • ‘, - 00THItit, EUEV F EVERIS X HEAT. ,& ' twert I f as. Conwlsions et. ' , I , ~., Preset.. • .I.:Zb ' i Healthy Stat. of tint Co.sht,t.tn dein. the r P" Pr VETHING Fdlarcterttiin-ereerft. Al4VOKrH,Suru. e r.... . . . . 7t, i Please Observe the E E s , l `,. IN STEEDMAN •.:,.. ~,.. ~...: i.;.: IJ.c,--,--------,...___,PActokift.favi.ey#::::

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tliek NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F.M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, Is being continually Improved upon to meet extended reguirements,.and complete informs,• tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIME GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Matisions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. &a.

, BIRTH.. 1' WlLBON.—August 20th, at 37, L••gli-st. , Vrarrinis--' of Stanley Wilson, of a son. A Nnan w Church, ts _—_ 'MA Itßi .1 GE. rilh ZTErritiliaTatllly..7 b.v-t'htelgiuteSvt. F. W. -- t Fro-- ~t be _Alliolc Andrews to hilen winstan ey. rollo"D YOUNG-WHITE lf seIiCARD.-On the 15th inst., a 10 t 1,00 , Minor, by the Rev. J. Broad Bade Alfred 1111th Mil. F.R.C.8., to ( a..eline Davy. *daughter of );0;401, White Hickard, Hsu., of The flip, Putney, and Cornwall. No cards. At home after October. --- DEATHS. too, ---- Willie,st. _ 1 wArriog BRIERLEY-August 17th, at Lythgoe's-Isne, "moil' - James Bilerley. aged 80 years. -1,0, RYDER-August 19th, at Dallam-lane, Warring.'" OP" Ryder, aged 78 ye ire. HUNT- ugUst 19th, at Lytbgoes's-lane. Hunt, aged 11 months • ton, Ktuff--Atmud:l9th, at Haydock-street, Warring _ Kirk, aged 21 months. ringtOlis Ha5C GALLOP '''' —August 20th. at Garners Brow, ,•ar-- to 4 G3tiop, ag-d 70 .17-at s• , wartiOg HATTON- August 20Ih, at Wackhurst.streeb. Martha Hatton, aged 60 years. Warring Ont 0 ----7-- . Just recetyAd fa rfA2lllBlOl I. Elagrg(e)RsltAwLk of LAATRippr io. 0,4.10 MP;MORIAL CARDS- Cal and isPpeof• 5351,1i:5• -dovf ' A In et" printed at shortest notice. Also rosters, so Handbills, Bill Heads, Ac. Newest tYPB Machinery. 1 JO [TN S. 6rur., ' THN BoRouGH PIiNISS. e...„.5. .„ 34, BIC DGR-STIOMT, IVA Hltfle -i'arrington.-Printed and Publistieo D WV •,,a„4 at The Is7amlner General PrintinP, "rl"' • -,,ator, anti Pnblishee, also at 7's.' fr.. 5 Iri• ler t .It'• ~. . e.„ we u_l; w,nwEs ; High-,n eat 'Mist eux .i:=• ' _w;....,g,ub0 Hewn, : and 33,, hirket-street, OAR Q, 31. 1895. J • i "...-• '' ' .•`-, , I . . \ VA .1.• \ .I.ol.l6ihniaft. . , -
