===== 0002601_18950202_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, • ( + 4 (II (I 4 El" ' w Al L, rill t ‘. I 4 1 I. , . , ...... ............L.... , 4

NO 8-i&

SATURDAY, FE BR UARY 2, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ROISTERED FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

RRVOLUTION IN THE 35F TWATCH TRADE. . 'Be CARDWELL, I:IIIACTICAL WATCIIMAKER, at c' DALF,STRIIRT, LIVERPOOL, -` the publics and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English ILV ER LEVER WATCH, 04, bliii•4 Worka and aco..rate in thee. at a cost of kowith 4,4 Y Persons will be surprised that it genuine vft' can be made for the price, bntrtit Bi.TiR. E Lever"' wRLL has stineeeded In producing au ih Where' 25°• The Ess. lINGL/Sil SILVER LUvt pivt ve,,,,reJewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for can be had at •

CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Reg Next Door to flentral Police Station -b2"kecl 18 esrst CI 'ld English Keyless Lever ~. Watches, from £7 101. itr4lll-4 PR OMPT AND RELIABLE.

ANNU.k.L

STOCKTAKING SALE

OF ALL

WINTER STOCK

MEN'S • OVERCOATS

I , ' i 1 i , , 1, ' 1 rie prel,i; , 0" If 15° IWI 101'1 reCE' ngt:e°' gslett r.....0i// 0 11S i ft ip CA OP r iki:t'of ..:...."."/ , .Cr is ;40' rocred '1 .. li.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL NEW SIIAPES.

YOUTH'S OVERCOATS

ALL NEW SHAPES.

BUT'S OVERCOATS

ALL NSW SHAPES.

AND ALL SURPLUS STOCK OF

GENT'S TROUSERS,

AND ODD VESTS,

&a.

REDIJCTIO/45

4/, TO IOF IN THE R.

ALL THE GOODS are our own make, from which will

be found snme Real Bargains. SALE FOR 28 DAYS.

MANCHESTER TAILORING D

kiLOTLIING DEPOT, 8 & 105 HORSEMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON'.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CH AAP

FISH! FISH ! FISH 1 FISH! F_ISH If you wish the hest value and best quality, send your 'orders to Mr. M.W.HINNISON,one of the oldest established Wholesale Fish Merchants in Grlmsoy. Over 25 years standing. Irma for Clash with order.any quantity from lls, worth upwards, mixed recording to Order, to suit the convenience of Small Shookeepers or Hawkers. ALL gum or FISH, OYSTRRS. CRABg, SHRIMPS, PRAWNS. PINNRY HAn DOCKS, KIPP NHS, AND BLOATERS ON HAND DAILY AT LOWNST WHOLESALE PHlem. Norway le,d Herring during the season. The Grimsby Herring Fishing is only on during August And September. Please note. Old and established Fishmongers would find it to their advantage to give /S. W. J. a trial with a few Orders, PRIME AND BEST QUALITY FISH A SPECIALITY,

Speelal Terms ef Credit if aßtlsfactory references given. Fish promptly sent off SAM., CNN' .8 cash and o,cler arrive. Pe careful to itodress in full, M. W..TENICISMN. as he has no eonneetion with others of the same name in Grimsby. Make Post Office Orders payable to Fish Dock, Grimsby. ADDRESS ALL COSENIIIIIICATIONS— M. W. JICINISON, FISII MERCHANT, GRIMSBY

FRISCH., SeIIIER WATER AND LLOYD ROLE LIVERPOOL AUTUORISED AGENT& Full THE WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY.

FRISCH, SCHIHRWITNH, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame ter hese Watches as THE BEN r TIIWILKBHPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the /aghast esinpH. Went by imitation. Price unrivalled.

Silver Cues, Chronometer —Balance 2l 15 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 2 0 Gold, from 4 4 0

29, CULTECH-STRBST, LIVIMPOOL.

4

SUN INSU FRO Au NN( ;EE D 01701 C E , (FIRE sum DISUSED N 1693.—£395,854,440.

For all partisulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Plekinere & don, Bridge-s. Mr. Rdveard W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Iloreemarket-street. Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street R. Lowe. hiarket Gate Charaben

VIP'

MOW

-

===== 0002601_18950202_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIOR ORB PENNY

, given

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFFER

The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canlste 10d., and ls. Sd each. Who}esale by .1. GEDDES a SON, WarritaKton.

PcBT la. 71d per Quarter. 6e. 6d. per Annum ha advance BY la. 9d. per Quar credit.

UNDER THE CLOCK.

IN BRIDGR-STURRT, WARRINGTON, FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

- -- LADIES' C•lf Goloslied Walking BOOTS and SHOES in all STYLE - an.i FININGS. GENTLEMEN'S Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS.

GENTLEMEN'S COURT SHOES. LADIES and GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' GAITNRS in Black, Navy. Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post frre, 1/11 Guaranteed to Pit. send Size of Boot. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MARRO W FAT PEAS. RICE MEA L AND

===== 0002601_18950202_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18950202_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIAN AINAL.

OAT Hu Ks.

OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DICORTICATED COTTON. CAKES. EGYPTIAN UN DECORTICATED CO' V)N CAKE. SAMPLES AND PIZICH, PROM

. -..- I.ICHARYITYINSON k C . 11, DAURY-LANE„ LIVERY, 0.1,.

GREY HAIRS utE HONOURABLY:. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. Rd. HAIRCOMBIEGSI p.,r oz. IMMOVABLE 1 from MADE UP, I 2s. I SCALPETTES, f 21s, REALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT. 57, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected.

Agent for Fire, Life, Aocideut, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and elate Glass Insurance Co..

°west Current nate'', Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

R. CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERS OP

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16a. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 241 i. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9a. Eld. 391 AND 411 DALE STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGII The celebrated erectVl HOOFING COUGH cure without 1n terod T_TOOPING COUGH medicine.

I_IOOPING COUGH Of el Oh :mists Wen 43. per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sole Agents : W. Elow.oun AND ton, 157. Queen Viotorla, btreet, London. CROUP

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a meml, r of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward. free of Charge full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at hom- and in the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of tiBSTRUCTION and IREKULILARITIIS. Send adarcased envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so—Alled Remedies, Ice_ which, In the majority of cases. are nothing but PUB- GATIVLS, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired ette6t. Letters to he addressed : D. COLLINS,

Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpcu)l

T ILLETLIOXE 686.

PLANT NOW. SPRING FLOWERS

EVERY GARDEN, TOWN OR COUNTRY.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PICK OF HOLLAND. CARRIAGE FREE.

Q TOOK nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the it,o4, beet • sorts the beet bulbs, and cheaper than emotion sales or direct import from so-calted growers in Holland. lITACINTHS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant colours. 10s. per 100. ls. 64. per dozen. H TACINTHS.—RegaI named sorts for pots and glasses, 3g., 1.., 65.„ 98., per dozen. 100 in IT varieties for lirs. 6d. or T ULlPS.—Rainbow mixture of bzight colours for beds, ?cc.. 4e and Se. per ICO Splendid named sorts 3s. to Its. per 100. CROCUS, large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours, for beds. ribbons, &a., ls. 6.1. to 3e. per 100; 2s Gd. to 250. per 1000. D AFFOD I LS. splendid selection of the very best, frr pots and borders, from 64. per el,..sen and 2s. 64. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIB ERICA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf. exquisite for beds, 34. per 100; 25.. per MOO SNOWDROPS, Anernones,RanunculuQ, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies, Freesias, his, Le.

For full part ieulast prise cons,lt oir Illaqrat ea List, post free.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, BULB IMPORTERS &ED GROWERS, BASNF,TT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FURS. FURS.

HUDSON'S BAY UOUSE FURRIER'S, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Mr. SPIRO. having Seen naclt fortunate in pare/144111g a Large Consigarnent of skins coninderabl, hailow the market mitts, CAR undertake the RENOVATING aud RIMIODEL- LING of

LADIES SEALSKIN JACKETS int• she Trost perfect &Vies, at very moderate priws. Or Si OCK is now complete with the newest and most 'Faelston- able FURS for Use o 'ming winter Sealskin Jachete and Capes. Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables. Seanks, &c.. ke.

NOTE THE ADDRESS 123, OXFORD ST HF ET ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

TOYS AND GAMES. The Largest Bel,ctlen of Toys In the City. Prices from Is. Ns Eh. Reeking Hereto. Dolls. Mail Colts, Swings. Pole Basses, Baoalnettes, Allgueranteed English make. 114 E LATEST PARLOUR GAMER is. EACIE.

SLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVIIRPOOL.

TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! macnoNALD's cc INY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL THRT MANUFACTORY I (Registered.) B.• H.M.R. Letters P .it. (Trade marg.) The Beet an.. 4 Cheapest House the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets. 20e. Fit r Quality Guaranteed. Patients fitted while they watt A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best ma Allis and workmanship, Teeth extracted tree te..ra 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extretated without pain. Area oonelltatians. 9 ricoAjnx,y (Opposite lelirmarf Clock), 2dAZILA2STES

===== 0002601_18950202_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL" CLIAT.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

SPORTING Circles—Prize rings. How the Chinaman can work for almost nothing iind amass wealth is the real Chinese puzzle. NEVER put any confidence in the answers of a man who is afraid to say, " I don't know," occa- sionally. EVERY man believes in his hear that his relatives are depending upon him to make the family name famous. -

P.OOIETY is what people are when they know taey are watched. EASILY REMEDlED.—Distressed Young Mother (traalling wit a eryin,! infant) : "Dear me! I don't know what to do with this baby." Kind and thoughtful Bachelor (in the next seat) : "Shall I open the window tor you, madam? " BROTHERLY STUPIDITY—Brother: " Why all this talk about divided skirts for bicycling. ? Can't you girls ride in ordinary dres es?' Stster : "The idea! Ordinary uresses wouldn't attract any atten- tion at all ! ' PIIIINNY (rushing indoors) : " T's all over the town !' Mrs. P. (eagerly): " What, dear ? What, dear ?" " The sky !" shouted Mr. P., making for the 'or. AT A SUBURBAN RESTAURANT.—" Waite-, how long do you keep these eggs?" " Why, sir, until they are eaten THE ma,, who is satisfied with himself must be easily sati,fied. OREATNE-S is the art of making people think one has kept one's se,f-cespe.ct. "I TOLD you so !" is the most hateful tutor in the school of life. _ _

Boys will be boys." He; "So would the girls, if they could." .MosT people believe in the total depravity of somebody el e. AFTER THE HONEYMOON.- She (sweetly) :" What would livlng be without me?' He (gloomily) : "Cheaper." . . . .

- - - CUSTOMER : "This fowl is the toughest thing I've ever had here, waiter." Waiter (confiden- tially): " Then you ain't tried our steaks, sir !"

BOTH SATISFIED.—Fiend: "Your two sopranos appear to be very good friends." Manager : "Yes, each thinks the other can't sing."

The Fabian Society has raised its voice against ' he intention of the Independent Labour party to ab-tain from supporting either Moderate or Pro- essive at the coming county council election, if ‘lr. Bernard Shaw can be taken as representing the views of the society as a body. For the policy of the Independent Labour Party Mr. Tom Mann is in a great measure responsible, and he appears to be well seconded by Mr. Keir Hardie. I condemned • his course as suicidal,and equivalent to self efface- ment, when it was announced, and Mr. Shaw boldly says it may do a great deal of active mischief to lie forward policy of the council, on which it might inflict an irreparable blow. As the society c ,rries great weight in Socialistic circles, the warn- ing which it has thus given, and the energy and imiependence with which it throws itself into the 8 ruggles of the time, may have the effect of giving a new aspect to the results of the contest now being c irried on with great heat in every district in L nidon.

"I noet; you ha,-e not beei-i hasty in accepting. this young man. Do you know anything about him?" Daughter " Why certainly I do. His name is Smith 'in almost certain. "CONSISTENCY," remarked the fly, "may be a jewel, but I fail to see it." He made one more effort to advance through the molasses into which he had wandered, and then abandoned hope. DISGUSTED Suburban Tenant: "I thought you said this house wo ,id he suppli d with running water? ' Landlord : " Well, it will be. Just you wait until we have a good healthy rainstorm, and -see how the roof leaks." "An muttered the skeleton in the closet, as it listened to the conversation at the breakfast- table ; "going to move into a fiat—eh? That"— it was lost in r ainf ul thought. "—means the coal-bin or the sir-shaft for yours truly."_

In Mr. Cecil Rhodes the German Emperor has met with a man quite as imperious in his own way ti himself, and as he is not trammelled with the responsibilities of European diplomacy he speaks his mind to a German interviewer vvith a bluntness that will astonish the Kaiser. The Emperor cove•,s Willficli Bay, which belongs to Cape Colony, and Mr. Rhoies has very flatly declared he will not get it. Mr. Rhodes' statement that Germany has , neither got the best part of Africa nor administers wisely what she has got will not be agreeable reading to the Imperial mind. 'I here could not be i a severer condemnation ot German colonial nrimin- -1 iatration than Mr. Rhodes has crushed into a few :.entences, and it will be as gall and wormwood to the Imperial dictator, who loves to make his personal influence felt in the lowest as well am in the highest affairs of State. it is migniticant, too, that the sole interview vtil jell Mr. Rhodes has granted since he landed has been given to the re- presentative of a German newspaper, as if he wet- ' corned the opportunity of letting the German 1 Government know that its part in South Africa is ' quite a subordinate one.

The Niagara Club, which was started for the pur- pose of providing Sunday afternoon skating at the artificial ice rink at the Niagara Hall for the world of fashion,has caught on, as the sang Americanism xpresres it. The movement took the form of a club, in order to avoil conflict with the law which in force relating to the opening of pieces of amusement on Sunday. The place was crowded with bkaters on Sunday. many 01 them being mem- bers of the nobility. Among the throng might have ben seen the cheery face of the Solicitor-General, ir Flank Lockwood, who, with his wife,disported him- self with great ease and grace on the frozen wale r., One gentleman, spoken of as an American million- aire, was performing on'eliates made of solid gold, with the exception of the thin edges of metal which came in contact with the ice, and which, of coure, were made of steel. By this time, no doubt, the Sunday Observance Society has had its attention directed to this new development of the Sunday question, and I shall be greaty surprised if the gality of tbe club's proceedings is not contested before long in a court of law.

ONE of the unexplained mysteries of life is how difficult it is sometimes to get into a comfortable position when you go to bed, and how unusual to find one that isn t comfortable when you have to get up. . To a lady who was importuning him to direct her son into a paying business, Lord Rothschild remarked: "Madam, any business is good, selling matches even is a splendid business, if you do enough of it." You can't have your penny and your cake; but, if you are sufficiently able and unscrupulous, you can have your penny and some one else's cake. POSER. for a butcher who gives short weight: "If sixteen ounces go to a pound, where do you expect to go to ? " A HINT TO YOUNG LADIES. —Daughter : "What an ugly man that Herr Krakeltneyer is, to be sure; I am always so glad when he doesn't ask me to dance" Mother: "Unmarried men are never ugly; mind that, child I MR. Jacobson, about to start for Europe, was asked, " What if the boat sinks? What will you do then?" He replied, " Vot difference dot make. I takes my money in drafts." Too CONFIDING.—" I am not worthy of your love,'' said the lover, softly. "1 d,u't doubt it," said she, a little less softly. And there the softli- ness stopped. TRAINING will do much for a man, but it will There was quite a group of Prime Ministers, past. not teach him never to neglect to look for the towel ' ereseut, prospective, or possible. Lori Rosebery, before he fills his eyes full of soap. Lord Salisbury, the Duke of Devonshire, Mr. Bal- IN THE ALPS. —Guide: "Now you will have to ' our, and Sir William Harcourt were preeent,while be ,areful ; many a tourist has broken his neck at ' Ber Cabinet Ministers and ex-Cabinet Minietere, this spot." Gent (to his wife) : "Augusta, you go gab repreeentatices of art and literat ure,were very first ! VIOLENT EXERCISE.—WiIson: "You're not as temerous. The service was admirably conducted, stout as you used te be, old man. ' Wheeler: and the music was most touching, alt hough to some winds there was a trace of incongruity in the open- "No ; since I started to ride a bicycle I've fallen i g words of the favourite hymn sung both here -off a good deal." and at Woodstock, "Now the labourer's task is OLD FRIEND "You are becoming round o er." There was a Pathetic scene with the Dowager shouldered—got a regular stoop. You don't rides Duchess of Marlborough, who was so overcome bicycle, do you?" Man of Family—" N-o-o ; but th le she had to be conducted out of the Abbey! Lady my boys ride bicycles, and lam paying for them Itendolph Churchill went through the service at by instalmen s." Woodstock and Bladon with the greatest self - NOT IN THE SWIM. —Mrs. Suddenrich : "I never control. heard no such way of talkin' as you've got into at -- boardin' school." Daughter: "I've learned to , speak as the teachers do." Mrs. Suddenrich : l'he War Office authorities, in placing their con- " Well, ins drop it. Them poverty-stricken hire- t acts for the supply of boots to the army,have just hogs don t move in our set." g ten for the second time some substantial orders t the Co-operative Boot Productive Societies of A PAPER has an article on "How to help people Sorthamptonshire. These boot s,cieties are re- to help themselves." A good way is to leave your :zanier' as among the mlst interesting experiments front door open. in co-operative production. WANTED INFORMATION.—Officer: "Here is the man who went through your house the other night while your family was asleep. Would you like to The Prince of W a -- les, after a long absence from please. t e eeliberatione of the Royal Commission on the question him?" Mr. Outlaia: "If you Prisoner, what did you wear on your feet ?" Aged Poor, attended the penultimate meeting of that body at the House of Lords on Tueerlay. Lord A SINGULAR PLUR.AL.—Fair Graduate: "Which Aberdeen's report was under discussion. The Prince is the proper expression to use, 'girls are,' or of Wales has a wonderful knack of bringiug about girls is 1' Chorus of Schoolmates: "'Girls are, a Iriendly. adjustment of difficulties, and it is now of course I" Fair Graduate: "Of course; pshaw ! f.aely said that some understanding has been a 'rived at. According to this belief the report to Girls, are my hat on straight?" THE HYGIENE OF BATHING. —She : "Don't you P trliament will be in general favourable t... bestow- think that salt water is beneficial to health?" hgi lg aid, not n money' but in improved hospitals He: "Not always. A man whom I once knew g 1 for the deserving aged who are beyond work, and was seriously injured by it." She: "How so?" 't ' h 1 whose Ile is such to compel them to resort to He: "He was drowned. wish help. AT HIS WORST. —A Paris doctor asked a sick man at the Intel-Dieu how he was getting en. -" Ah ! doctor,'' he replied, "I am so dreadfully had that if someone came and told me I was dead, I shouldn't be a bit surprised." THE NIGGui.D.—An old woman, having brought a prescription containing arsenic as one of the ingredients, observes the scrupulous accuracy with which the chemist weighs the desired quantity, and says :—" Why, my dear sir, you needn't be so very skinny particular; it's for a poor orphan, you know ! " EQUALLY EFFECTIVE. Hostess (at evening patty) : "How dull everybsdy seems. I think 1 had better ask Miss Ponndaway to play some- thing." Host : "Oh, Matilda! She's such an -- execrable per.ormer, you know." Hostess: The fusion ot Conservatives and Liberal Unionists "What difference does that make, my dear? It which Sir Henry James was supposed to have lately will do to start the conversation all th,, same." ittivecated is as obnoxious to the one section of the A GAME OF STF.ENGTH.—SOCiety has a new Opposition as to the other. The Conservative party diversion known as parlour football. It is played in the House is not, yet purged of what are known on a large table, the football being an eggshell, from las its fossils. There is probably not a single mew- which the contents have been removed through her on that side of the House who believes Mr. a 1 small hole in one end. The goals are opposite ends Ciamberlain has recanted all the glowing philip- of the table, and the egg is propelled by blowing, pies be delivered in the days, not long ago, when instead of kicking. In a game of this kind the he was in touch with the democracy, and was person who has previously eaten an onion invariably looked upon as the inheritor of Mr. Gladstone's ' wins. mintle. Nothing short of wilful blindness can THE steamboat engineer was polite and atten- I conceal the fact that if Home Rule were out of the tive. It may be that he was flattered by the fact way Mr. Chamberlain and the Conservatives would that a lady so impressive in her manner should speedily part company. The great quondam advo- have come to him for information. At any rate, cate of the doctrine of ransom would be no more at he told her "all about it "—just where the steam one with the Duke of Devonshire himself than with came into the cylinder, where it escaped. and how the Marquis of Salisbury. Beyond Home Rule the it was that the piston rod attached to the crank two wings of the Opposition have nothing what- turned the wheels that propelled the little vessel ever in common. They both believe that the whole through the waves. She appeared to be wrapped policy of the Government is directed to carrying up in information, and when he had finished she that measure ; and they are, therefore, bound to co- turned a beaming face upon him and said, operate in opposing it. Their point 'is gained by. "Now tell me: what is the object of the boiler?" helping each other at the polls, and sticking as close PATER : "No, sir; I cannot allow you to marry a-, brothers in the division lobby. But Sir Henry my daughter." Suitor : 'But I love her !" Pater: James's speech has helped to clear up ideas on both "There's a family secret I must tell you." Suitor: sides. It has convinced the dreamers that nothieg "Speak— speak ! ' Pater: " There's insanity in but a surrender of principle could possibly effect a the family. She is deranged." Suitor: "What te-ion, and that they must submit merely to run is her mania, then?" Pater: "Her desire to twet her in harness, shoulder to shoulder, for an in- definite timeewbether in office or in Opposition. marry you. 1 !..

The sunlit snow on Monday distinctly accentuated the spectacle presented by the obsequies of the late Lord Randolph Churchill, and Vie keen frost pre- vented the white shroud from degenerating into ioconvesient lubh. Even in grimy London the 8:iow was so fresh as to have lost none of its virgin vicity, and there were glintings of sunlight. At Woodbiock and Bladon the scene in the clear frosty air was one of great beauty and solemnity. The passage of the coffin and the mourners from Gros- venor-r:quare to Paddington was witnessed by large and synipathic crowds, and the service in West min- s er Abbey, never more impressive than on such oc- c shins, was attended by the most distinguished men co every party and err ed and calling. The late I.4>rd Rand olph Churchili's political opponents were t ere in almost as great numbers as his friends— indeed, per Imps, even more rep eFentatively, for I live tried in vai n to trace any mention of the Northcote or ,•:.clater-Booth family either at Mon- day's functions or in the events which led up to t hem. Possibly other connections,too, of" The Old Gang," being but human, might not unnaturally hold aloof.

Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone are to go from Cannes to B arritz, with Mr. Armitstead, on Thursday or Friday. On the day of their departure Mr. Herb&t Gladstone M.P.,returns to England from his visit to Lori Bendel with his father and mother. Mr. Glad- stone's visit to Cannes has been most unfortunate a. regards the weather. The "mistral" has been blowing three days a week, and the other days have been cold, snowy, and rainy. Yet, I hear by letter that Mr. Gladstone lain excellent health, and does not repine at weather that give i him good excuse to remain among his books in Lord Renders 1 library.

MEXICAN CURE. ITNOWN AS REV. JO:1E1'11 110LNIES' MEXI- CAN Preseriptien, is the only gua'anteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted eltaiity, kidney. bladder. gray' ',rosia to and kindred complah ts.. end has St 00fi the tetf or t-0 ears. Send a self-addretsed stamped envehwe too JolEen HiLMOS Remedy Co., Bloomsbury 31ansi0o8. iii omsholy squ re, London, end rt luil.partleuls.rs of this great Remedy ree oreharge.

MOXON'S NURSERY BOON (Unequalled for DE sTROY NG NITS, and PARASITES in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS And the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 5.1. Ftnd is. per box. Post Free 7i and is. •nention this piper.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIF EXAMINER, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 2. 1895.

11 hen the Knprrss of Austria first married, says " Pearson's," it was thought highly improper fir Royalty to carry an umbrella. Consequently, whenever it threatened to rain, she was unable to have her accus- tomed walk. She moped so limn that her husband declared that thenceforth umbrehas should not lee con- trary to etiquette. Not very long ago the Duke of Norfolk, while walking throu 411 trie streets of London, happen‘ d to see an old lady in evident distress. She wanted a cab, and could not attract the cabman's notice. His Grace called a vehicle, and saw her into it safely. To his surprise he ; found three coppers slipped into his hand, and the old lady said, "There you are, my man ; go and get your- self a glass of beer!" A good many funny little incidents are connected with the Princess Louise's stay at Dornden. On an occasion an elderly country clergyman went to pay a call. He rang at the front-door bell, and the door was immediately opened by a man in shirt-sleeves. "The Princess is gone out driving," he said. ." Kindly give her this card,', said the old clergyman. Only later did he find out that the person he had taken for one of the servants was the Marquis of Lorne, who had been doing a bit of carpentering in the hall. Dr. Parkhurst, a celebrated American preacher, has , come-1 a new word, and its aptness is quite likely to ; make it famous. The word is" Andromania," and of it he says : " There is an element in the feminine world that lS sugering from what I shall venture to call ' Atidromania."fhe word is not an English one, for the reason, I suppose, that the English language-makers never supposed that we should need such a term. It is constructed on the same principle as the word' Anglo- mania,' which means a passionate aping of everything that is English. • Andromonia ' means, similarly, a passionate aping of everything that is mannish." Another time the Princess and her husband went to afternoon service at the church on Rustall Common, near Tunbridge Wells. They arrived rather early and were shown into a good seat. A few minutes alterwards two maiden ladies—regular attendants at the church, and ardent in all parish work—to whom the pew rightly belonged, arrived, and were surprised and rather indignant to find strangers in their places. They lost no time in informing them that they must move, and before the pew-opener could interfere the Princesa was out in the aisle. She only smiled good-naturedly and suggested that perhaps it would be better if she went into the free seats.

Five Daughters but only One Umbrella. Mr. T. Curran, M.P., one of the members of the I Irish Party, tells the London correspondent of the i Sheffield Indepencent " an amusing story of Mr. Tim ; Healy. Mr. Healy's father-in-law is Mr. T. D. Sulli- van, whom everybody knows both as poet and politican. On the occasion of the marriage of Mr. Healy to Miss Sullivan, when Mr. Healey was leaving with his bride tor the honeymoon, in the flutter of the moment he picked up Mr. Sullivan's umbrella instead of his own from the hat rack. '* Excuse me, Tim," said Mr. Sulli- van, "I have five &ugh ters but only one umbrella ; you will leave me that ?

Health-Giving Perfumes. There seems to be, undoubtedly is, something posi- tively health and nourishment and strength giving in the influence of sweet and powerful perfumes on the nerves-3 subtle something yet unexplained. What we get of most value in the country, physicians and phdom- ophers say, are the sweet smells of grass and flowers .nd trees. It is not chiefly the spirits, the alco3ol,in cologne that invigorates; it is tho essence or aromatic oils. The delight that a rose gives to everybody is due to some mysterious stimulus the rose fragrance has for the nerves. Half the delight in walking in old lanes in the country comes from the invisible trailing steamers and floating clouds of flower incense in the air.

Soda in Tea. 1 Many housewives are accustomed to put in a small pinch of soda with the tea ; more especially is this the case in London, whera the water is so very hard. There is nothing injurious in such addition, though it would be much better to add the soda to the water in a suit- able vessel, stir well up, and let settle. Rain water col- lected in proper tanks and well filtered is not onl) much better for making tea with, but much more wholesome. The following is a good plan for making tea :—Pour into an earthenware teapot some boiling water ; empty it out, and while still het and steaming put in the tra. Add enough boiling soft water to wet thoroughly, and set it close to the fire to steam for six minutes. Then pour in the quantity of boiling water required from ill:. kettle, and it is ready for use.

"That Nasty Coagh !" Coughs are even more common than colds. A clugh is due to the irritation of a part of the air-passages or of the nerves au pp,ying them. In bronchitis, for example, the cough is due to the presence and accumulation of mucus, and is the effort of Nature to dislodge it. Very often, however—and these cases are too fregoently over- looked—a cough is due to local causes. The tonsils may be enlarged, or the uvula—that little tongue dependent between the tor.. Is— may be swollen and elongated, or there may I a small granulations on the back of the throat. In these cases local treatmect is necessary, and drugs are, for the most part, of little service. Cough may also depend upon a reflex irritation from the ear, (it is known that the bad habit of picking the ear with the head of a pin of ten induces a cough), or from a dis- ordered stoma ch (the morning cough of many pAople is closely dependent upon dissipation the previous ev, nine). The net vs may even be irritated directly by the presence 1 of a tumour pressing upon it. The cough, in these cases, has a distinct character—it is stridulous. And other ! affections as well may he recognised by a characteristic cough : e g., we all kn ow the peculiar spasmodic cough of whuoplng, and ths short, hacking, paioful cough ot pleurisy. Tee. absence of a. cretion,as in the early stages of bronchitis, in ikei the cough hard and dry ; as the secretion more marts, it r adually became:4 softer and loose. A cough mar, therefore, give valuable indication of dis- ease. Aithou.fli due, hi the maj dity of ca,es.to transi,nt can es, it is never sai- t ne.4l, et its indicatiore, Per- sist •nt cough is often the fir St sign of coMineneirw dis- ease in the rues, unless it be do-, to local cause:, opiiJ ati tr.; in the nrolt. it any 0 tie, it t best t., seek advice. Not only is a c‘nizl, a proof of peri,,n‘t i itch, but it is always a siaree of pab:le Cassell' $ Family Magazine."

THE DOUBLE LIFE: OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY By the Author of "DAUSWOOD."

CHAPTER LIII. I find thee apt; And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed That roots itself in ease on Lethe wharf, Wouldst thou not stir in this.

HAMLET. Hamptonwold was one of those fair and stately homes which are the glory of the United Kingdom. The mansion was built in the castellated style, and presented an appearance at once imposing and magnificent. It was set like a gem in the midsfof lovely flower gardens and pleasure grounds. A noble wood was comprised in its wide domain, and here the fallow-deer ran wild, and pheasants and other winged game fluttered in undisturbed security. The lawn in front of the mansion, green and smooth and velvety, sloped gently down to meet the waters of the Bristol Channel. On the morning appointed for the secret meeting between the Lady Beatrice and those she so dearly loved, Lord Trevelyan was walking alone upon this lawn, his hands clasped behind him, hie head half drooping upon his Tbreast. There was a sor- rowfnl, anxious and lonely expression on his grand old face. His great gloomy eyes were full of a brooding sadness. He had been thinking of Giralda, and wondering if she had crossed his path and won his love only to disappear from his life , for-ever. In the midst of his gloom and despondency a brisk step was heard on the walk behind him, rapidly approaching, and turning hastily he heheld , Lord Adlow. At the first glance the old lord was struck with the marvellous change defeat and rage had wrought in his evil-minded nephew. All the airs and graces, all the dandyism of dress and affectations of !neuter, had dropped from Adlowe as a worn-out disguise. He looked dark and haggard, wild and , sinister. There was a vengeful glow on his face. His hair was dishevelled; his attire slouching and neglected. He had an air of utter recklessness, and the marquis, meeting his gaze, shrunk before. the burning glare of his red, dark-circled eyes. "What's the matter, Adlowe?" he exclaimed, In amazement. "I was at Pencoed, and hearing that you were here, came over to tell you the news," responded Adlowe, in his hollow voice. "I have found Giralda." Lord Trevelyan stalled joyfully. ' " Where is she?" he demanded. " You have brought her with you?" No, my lord. She was with Lord Grosvenor, and utterly refused to come. She told me to tell you that she would never forgive you for driving her forth the other night—never! She said that she had loved you, but that she now hated you. In regard to her father, she bade me say she defied you to do your worst " Lord Trevelyan's face flamed. "She sent me this message?" he ejaculated, his keen eyes seeming to pierce to Adlowe's soul. "Yes, and more " replied Adlowe, meeting his uncle's gaze fully. "She has scorned my love. She has refused me. She ranks you and me to- gether, and relying upon her prospect of soon mar- rying Lord Grosvenor, she is full of scorn and defiance. Like father, like daughter.'" "And she will never come back? You are sure she hates me ?" "Sure ? " cried Adlowe, with a hoarse laugh. "She told me so with a sincereity I could not doubt. You can see her again if you wish, my lord. You can plead to her for a morsel of affection. She will soon be here at Ha.mptonwold I " "To see me?" cried the marquis, eagerly. Adlowe sneered. "No. She is coming here secretly with Lord Grosvenor. Homptonwold is a show place, you know. Giralda is coming here as a simple toffrist, but in reality because she desires to meet her parents secretly in these grounds. Her father is in hiding in this part of the country. Would you like to hear them exult over the cleverness with which they have duped the old doting lord of Trevelyan? Would you like to look upon the face of your in- tended assassin again ? " The marquis clutched his hands. His cheeks burned redly. He looked at Adlowe as if fascinated, but did not speak. Adlowe's tone grew wilder. "My lord," he cried, and a savage light leaped to his eyes, "would you look again upon the face of him who tried to murder you at midnight in your sleep eighteen years ago? Would you look again into the blue eyes of the boy you loved —the man you have hated? Would you hear him question his daughter as to the state of your health, the probabilities of a long continuance of your useless life? Say—would you see Geoffrey Trevelyan?" All the evil passions of Lord Trevelyan's heart sprang up strong and eager in response to this ad- dress, like hounds slipped from the leash. Giralda and his love for her were forgotten. The hatred and vengefulness of years took posses- sion of his being, frightening away all softer emo- tions. "Yes," he cried, his features working convul- sively, his voice choking with rage. "Take me to him. Let me look upon the wretch. Oh, that I might give him up to justice in the very moment when he thinks himself secure l" Adlowe smiled like a demon. He had worked his uncle up to the point he had intended. "Then come with me," he cried. "We will watch for him—" He broke off abruptly, as Detective Rush came hurrying down the walk. Lord Trevelyan awaited the officer's coming with a sardonic smile. "My lord," said Rush, addressing himself to the marquis, in whose employ he now was, and bow- ing profoundly, the hope of reward shining in his eyes, "I am come to report a complete suc- cess. " Success ?" repeated the marquis, huskily. "I have to report the discovery of Miss Giralda kevelyan. She is now in these grounds, in com- pany with her little brother and Lord Grose venor. She has gone to the Persian summer- house." The marquis moved a few steps as if involun- tarily. "My lord," continued Rush, his face lightning up at last, "lie is there, too--Geoffrey Trevel- yan." The marquis said not a word, but his face glowed savagely and with exultant revenge. "He has just landed from a small boat—he and his elder son," said the detective. "I have two men on hand to arrest him. They are stationed near the summer-house. Is it your wish, my lord, that this intending assassin should be arrested? Or shall you let him go ?" A lightning gleam shot from the black and stormy eyes of Lord Trevelyan. "Let him go?" he ejaculated. "Not not I have found him at last. The hour of his punish- ment is come. Arrest him when I give the signal. Now lead on." The detective led the way, Lord Trevelyan and Adlowe following. They were crossing the garden when they en- countered Lord Hampton, who was on his way to join his guest. The old marquis smiled at his friend—a terrible, mirthless smile. " Rejoice with me, Hampton ! " he exclaimed. "Geoffrey is found at last. We are springing a mine on him. Come with me and witness the con- fusion and terror of the double-dyed traitor when we arrest him. He is on your grounds." His lordship thrust his arm into that of the be- wildered earl, and the two, with Adlowe, followed the guidance of the exultant detective. The Persian summer-house, which had been ap- pointed as the scene of the secret family meeting, stood on the brow of a knoll at one side of the lawn. It was screened from all observation in the direction of the mansion by a small grove of trees —an outer fringe, as it might be called, of the large wood. Its view seaward was unobstructed, and in a clear day the opposite shores of Devon and Somer- set might be seen from its portal. It was built in the form of a pagoda, and had a floor of parti.eoloured woods laid in mosaic. It was completely encircled by widows, which were provided with movable jalousie shutters and silk curtains, and it was furnished with a bamboo lounge, an easy-chair made of the same light wood carved hanging shelves, on which were books, and finally one or two choice pictures on the panels between the windows. This summer house was a favourite retreat of the Lady Beatrice. She was in the habit of spending hours here, during her visits to Hamptonwold, in the study of books, or observations of the bright waters of the channel, with their many gleaming sails and hurrying steamers. Detective Rush conducted the three noblemen by a circuitous route to the summit of the knoll, and, keeping in the shadow of the trees, led them to the very rear of the little building. The summer-I:ooze was just in the edge of the little grove. and the thick low-branch *meg

===== 0002601_18950202_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE, Evening dresses are still shat everyone is want- ing, and there are some absolutely captivating ones to be seen. A charming one may be manufactured of the light orepons now to be found in every shop for lees than twenty shillings, inclusive of lining and trimming, I saw a most effective one the other day, made of lemon-coloured ci :on. The skirt was quite plain, set in full, straight pliats at the back, and finished with a white lace and muslin balayeuse inside the hem. The bodice was cut square front .and back, and drawn in to the waist, under the skirt, the slight fulness being very becoming to a slender figure, and it fas- tened invisibly as the side, under the left arm. Tnis fastening is quite easy to accomplish, but the hooks and loops must be adjusted to a nicety, and very close together, othc-trwise it will gape in an unsightly n.anner. The E 3 kir b was simply bound with lute at the waist, in lieu of a baud, and shaped slightly in front and over the hips, to fit the figure netter, and the waist-belt was of prettily-twis'ed black satin ribbon, terminating in a cboax at the back. The square neck was out- lined with black satin ribbon, caught together in the centre, to impart a full, graceful effect. A small choux of the ribbon appeared at each corner, and pretty butterfly bows on the shoulders, while the large putted sleeves, reaching half way to the eleow, wore finished with a twist of ribbon and frill of flue white lacei a tucker of narrower lace softening the inside of the square also I think I gave you some hints last week in regard to oper4. cloaks. But I cannot, help men- tioning one I saw only a couple of days ago. It was made of beautitul brocade and was all that could be desired in out and make by even the most fastidious. It fell in most graceful flutes from is new shaped yoke and most becoming collar. Smoked fox had the honour of trimming this very distinguialicd.ltoking wrap.

A eimple and pretty home dream is made of the new grey-blue amazon cloth, the skirt having a band of light tan cloth round the hem. The per. featly-fitting bodice fastens invisibly at the left side and the double epaulettes are edged with mohair trimming, the silky kind that so closely resembles fur, in a shade of tan matching the skirt-band. Personally, I should like a line of this trimming to be placed as a heading to the band of cloth. It would lend a very pretty finish to the whole skirt. I must not forget to tell you something about headgear. It is not necessary for teques to be of the same colour as the gowns. They may, however, correspond in colouring, or may form a complete contrast, but where there is a toque and muff en suite, divided by a dark jacket or cape, and the sown follows the colouring of the toque, the effect is decidedly agreeable. Take, for example, a gown of dull heliotrope or petunia, with a black jacket, and the toque and anatf a combination of petunia,

Parma violets, and a gold or jet crown. There Riwumatism. are several shapes, one of the prettiest being There are two forms of menu itism—the acute and. the chronic, whish vary as r igard4 their treatment aryl the buckram shape of oval form, with a narrow brim lying almost flat against the mown. There dangers. We all know the mmn or woman who suffor regularly from pains in one or more j.duts when certain are also round shapes, but the oval Is the popular . one, and generally used. First bind the edge of wini.is a:re blowing, and who is frequently compelled to relinquish his or her hobble a and with them the good the toque, simply tacking on the three-inch strip temper that was one of his or her characteristics. This with raw edges and long stitches, and then cover the chronic form, and iS Usually contracted by fie- over the crown. I am sending you a description quent exposure to cold or damp wh em the system was of a bat I saw worn not long ago. It is made of a t little " below par." Some peo pie find that their . very light grey felt, with a suggestion of the ; muscles are the chief seats of the pain, some their mushroom shape in he curved brim. This is joints, and others their nerves. The actual causation trimmed in the front with a large bow of black is the same whichever part is affected, and, to a certain satin, buckled with steel, and in the centre is a extent, revires the saint treatment. There are many very superior shaded grey paradise plume, while "nostrums "in the market which warrant a speedy cure at the back a similar bow of satin appears. ot the poor man's rheumatism, and cause him to spend his hard earned savings in the e ndeavour to relieve his sufferings. A good rub with some aim pie application, such as is found by mixing equal parts of olive oil and terpentine every night and miming in fr ont of a large tire, will frequently effect as good a recovery as any Induced by a much inore costly combination. A Turkish bath, taken regularly, say once a week, is a good pre- ventative to attacks of rheumatism ; and if this be corn- bitted with a diet in which the heavier kinds of meat, • and the drinking of beer, stout, and most wines, are avoided, or only taken very Sparingly, we have little duubt that the enemy will be kept within bounds. In the ac ute form of rheumatism we have a somewhat different complaint to deal with. The inflammation may extend to the lining membranes of the heart, lungs, and joints. Very few recover their previous state of good health, for some permanent danger is done to one or alt of the organs and parts men tinned above. In some we find valvular disease of the heart, which stops all exces- sive exercise and shuts the sufferer out of all the public services. In' others the joints become again and again distended with fluid, which frequently ends in perma- nent stiffness of the knee. Our readers would take more care of themselves were they to fully grasp the dangers that follow on a simple cold. There is many a man to- day who has a large family, and yet cannot protect his children from povorty at his death, owing to the refusal of insurance companies to accept his life on account of some disease of the heart that has followed acute rheumatism through cold. Patients so afflicted should he placed in bed and med leaf sk;ll con- sulted. Our warning in regard to the prevention of future attacks is to seek an occupation where there is no chance of catching cald, and to substitute II tnnel for linen in all underclothing. If the doctor informs the patient that his hear: has become affected by his illness, By the way, I had forgotten to tell you of a hurrying to catch a train, to keep an appointment, or little cloth cape for a little girl. For this time of jg teed any sudden or great exertion, must be carefully the year, such an article is most useful for girls and seriously avoided. going to school, and if made with a separate Gape, ; a double purpose is served, as on milder days the skirt part may be put aside. The one I refer to is a warm crimson frien cloak, buttoned across with

ilae—ilone buttons. Your. lovingly, Jzzitaz.

Grand Duke Nicholas of Ilu,sia is supposed to be able to eat as much as six ordinary 111,1 n.

OTT ETS UNLABELLED 1 STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certain'y ronove ajl obsttuct ions arising from any canoe whatever. Inv:du:o,le or married women. Post free, under cover tor 14, and 33 statnpa. tram THOMAS 01: T Y. obpmi.t. ON-01.-120.k.a.'r P....IH6FILLICILLiOII this paper MUCH MIRE THAN iSTBEL AND PENSICUOSCAL

........, A" 0.--i'd . .. \*,„, --....,--.4:4_,,,, 4. • 21': - '-';'..,:',.. 'Y-----,;,,,', ,„ 4 •--Y-*-1 i L____A-- .-wae___,---,_ 103,8 4.:, ~....,-,,,,-:__.f., .4.''_.?:'_,. lfg.- - , .....d...-__ _.-..,;-.- „Vim _-_-_-±-___ , .s ‘,..,, 7.- -.17-;,-----,-z-=-------3,---I_ - ••, ~ , • 2,,-. -,•,e ____,-k,e_. ' =._.=__•_ 1 v, ,--,..,•:;444; -,F,5%,,t-.:o'k -‘ ~:'''''' ~ • ... / / .., . ,-

..„•...._. --...,, \ . V.--- . \ • .....-- g -----. ---c-i------- - , 1; e. T 44... '''‘ oi f• ,:0-„, '.! \ ...0 4.-. ...63 • ..... .. . , r relltt4 A , i,,,-• , • ~'" ,

~Ao‘ -----,------„-----, li „. \•-f,:z, ~..y'- • a. 41 4 'i• ',* F q----

===== 0002601_18950202_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A SLIGHT MISIINDERSTANDINU.

A clergyman' was vory anxious to intro,iuce some new hymn-books into the church, and arranged with his clerk that t he latter was to give out the notice imme- diately after the sermon. The clerk, however, had a notice of his own with reference to the baptism of in- fants to give out ; accordingly.at the close a the sermon i he rose and announced that—" All those who had children whom they wished to have baptised were to sena in their names at once to the clerk." The clergy- man, who was stone deaf, assumed, says "The World of Wit and Rumour," tor February, that the clerk was giving out the hymn-book notice, and immediately ruse and said :—" And I should like to say, for the benefit of those who haven't any.that they may be obtained in the Vday from 3 to 4 o'clock; the ordinary little o and special ones with red backs at icsetaryat anyis. each, , L. 41."

===== 0002601_18950202_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
were an effectual screen, rendering the position ol 1 the four men quite secure from the scrutiny of I any hurrying passer, should one chance in that direction. They crept close, with loudly beating hearts, softly adjusted the shutters and peeped cautiously Into the interior of the little edifice. • It was occupied Lord Grosvenor stood on the threshold, his face beaming with welcome as he extended his hands /to two figures which seemed to have just ascended from the beach. . Lord Trevelyan bestowed a glance at the young lord and then he looked at Giralda. She was sitting on the bamboo lounge, her hat thrown off, her dusky hair rippling close to her little head, her lovely eyes glowing with bright expectancy, and a look half hopeful, half anxious on her exquisite face. How Lord Trevelyan's heart leaped up at sight of her! Sitting upon a hassock at her feet, his head against her knee, was little Fay, his blossom-like face as bright as his sister's, and without her half. anxious expression. The two figures which had ascended from the beach now appeared in the door-way, and the four watchers looked at them with varying emo- tions. As the reader knows, they were Geoffrey Tre- velyan and his elder son. The former still wore his disguise, and looked like an old man. But at sight of Giralda he drew off his spectacles, and moved toward her with a quickness an old man could not emulate One glance into his eyes was enough for Giralda. "Oh, papa! papa 1'• she cried, bounding for- ward to his embrace, and burying her head in his bosom. "Dear, dear papa 1 ' Her voice broke down in wild sobs. "That man her father?" whispered Lord Trevelyan increduously. "That man Geoffrey Trevelyan'? Adlowe I Rush! you are a pair of fools I Rush replied only by laying his hand warningly on that of his lordship, who became again watchful and silent. "Oh, papa I " said Giralda, brokenly, "it seems . so long since I left home I You know now why I ran away. You have forgiven me, father ? " "I have nothing to forgive, my generous daughter," returned the disguised fugitive, and Lord Trevelyan started in his concealment at the , sound of those full, rich tones. "You have , done nobly. You would have saved me if you ' could !" He kissed her and blessed her with all a father's pride and tenderness, and then released her, held ' out his arms to Fay. But the little fellow hung back, and began to

cry. "It is papa's voice," he said, "those are papa's eyes—but it is not papa." Trevelyan hesitated a moment, and then pulled off his white whig and beard, revealing his black- ened hair and artificially darkened complexion— features with which Fay was best acquainted. With a cry of joy, the boy flew to his arms. From his concealment, Lord Trevelyan's eyes fairly devoured the face of the father and his chil- dren. Rupert's spirited, noble countenance espe- cially attracted his attention, it reminding him of his own at the same age, "So that is Geoffrey Trevelyan?" whispered Lord Hampton to the marquis. "How he has changed! What is he doing here at Hampton- wold?" Adlowe motioned the earl to be silent. He was hoping that Geoffrey would give vent to his bitterness in denunciations of Lord Trevelyan. Judging his unfortunate cousin by himself, he had counted on such denunciation. But for the moment the father had only thought for his recovered children. "Where is mamma ?" asked Fay, in a transport of delight. "We only want her now. Oh oh! Here she comes 1" He leaped from his father's arms and ran to the door. And at the same moment appeared on the thres- hold the LE.dy Beatrice Hampton I Two of the four watchers were nearly paralyzed by her unexpected appearance. And even then they did not suspect the truth. Not until Geoffrey Trevelyan, beaming with ten- derness, led her to the lounge, calling her by the name of wife—not until the three young people clustered around her, showering caresses upon her and calling her mother—could the Marquis of Trevelyan or the Earl of Hampton realise the truth. The Lady Beatrice, unconscious of any hostile gaze, gathered her youngest-born to her bosom, and the look of rapt tenderness, the soft radiance of a rerfect wifely and maternal love, that transfigured her royal beauty, rendering it glorious, was a per- fect revelation to those watchers. Not cold and proud and haughty now, but tender and gracious and loving as the most timid and gentle of women, her manner warm and sunny, her dark eyes glowing with a perfect 'radiance, she might have sat for a picture of the Madonna. "Thai Beatrice! " thought Lord Hampton, stupefied and bewildered. "1 must be dream- big!" The amazement of Lord Trevelyan was no less stupendous. He stared with 1-urning eyes at the picture presented by the re-united family, and his breath came hot and quick, and fierce emotions battled in his breast. Years ago he had dreamed of a scene like thisth with Geoffrey's children about his knees—wi— Geoffrey's wife to refine and beautify his home. The tears came to his eyes now, as he saw how near that dream had come to realisation. He trembled, and grew pale. Lord Hampton was not less pale at the discovery of his daughter's cherished secret, and he also trembled. Adlowe looked at the two and smiled again his demon's smile. Then came the voice of the Lady Beatrice through the oppressive hush and stillness with the clearness and richness of a flute. "Paul," she said, addressing Lord Grosvenor, who was still standing in the doorway, "you will keep watch for us? My father and Lord Trevelyan are somewhere about the grounds. Still they will not be likely to come up to this lonely place. We I may feel quite safe." „ "Your father, mamma ?" asked Fay, in surprise, lifting his golden head from his mother's bosom. "Why, he must be my grandpapa!" The Lady Beatrice smiled faintly. The earl had never expected to hear that name applied to himself. It sounded so sweet and ten- der from Fay's lips that a sudden warmth began to pervade his heart, and his soul yearned over the Bale fellow. For the sake of those bright, lovely children, he felt that he could even forgive his daughter for her secrecy of years, and for her alliance with a man whose name was stained, and whom he hated. He stole a look at the marquis. Lord Trevelyan's face was flushed with an awful rage. The smiles and loving words exchanged between the unconscious inmates of the summer- house stabbed him like so many daggers. They could be happy when the life of the marquis was wrecked! Geoffrey could be adored even when his soul was stained with crime. This was justice And Giralda whom he had loved and who had defied him, looked as happy as if there were no Lord Trevelyan in existence. He gave the preconcerted signal with a hand that shook as with an ague, and then, with a cry like that of a furious wild beast, he darted around the summer-house, dashed Lord Grosvenor aside as if he had been an infant, and sprang into the presence of those whom he hated, like a flaming firebrand. ...-kdlowe and Lord Hampton followed close be- hind him. Rush and the policeman brought up the rear, and standing in the door-way, completely barred the way of egress. (To be continued,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
it ERE IS WHAT WE GIVE TO READEPS Ole THIS PAPER.

You are ilterested in money making and no such oportilnity for tn.iki.ig itn.ney has ever been presentod .5 winner, .ho use knitting and fancy wools as that ;uide to the re:tders of this paper by the Providence ni kik Spinning Coinotitiy. 'I hey are will ng to send 3ou ~f! beaudifid samples of kiiitting, t.mbroidery, and ...ncy wools for home knitting whicu teas he kept by ;o. Their objeor ii.ho show yea, that for appearance, ar and price they cannot ne ruipai.sed. In these days 4,earcity ut cash it is interes ting to know the way ti 'us, the necessaries of life direct frcm the manufacturer ' tnereby as ve threepence or mote in each shillings crib. We confiiientiv iecommend.3.ll to write to-day patterns W loch will be sent free of charge by sending . post-card with your uanie and address upon it. no ,e that letters should be carefully addressed --4'rovidetice tllills Spinsiing Co., C. Department, Brad- Yorkshire, .NB.—lf you would like thPy will also send you saroules of their special dress fabrics as well as particit- !stt'S tif flu ir wouc.er!ul undervear. la all haas. the Dress Patterns must be returned.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INTERESTING INSURANCE CASE

An interesting insurance case sent down from the High Court was heard before his Honour Judge Shand at the Liverpool County Court on Monday. James Richards,of Barrow-in-Furness, claimed from the Refuge Assurance Association £lOO under a policy of insurance elf toted by his late wile on her own tile. The ComPanY disputed the claim on the ground that the woman bad uppressed material facts with regard to her condition of health. The insurance was effected in June, 1803, and she died in August of the same year. either from cancer or from a malignant tumour. Medical and other evidence was brought in support of the Company'a c ontention,but the jury returned a verdict for the plain- tiff for the amount claimed. Stay of elocution was asked for, and counsellor the Cempany submitted tbat t ne,verdict was a perverse one, and that, in spite of it, j udgment should be entered for the detendants. Honour said he did not say that the verdict wag One which he should have found, but that was not a reason for his disturbing it. Stay of execution for a fortnight was granted.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
_ RICH PEOPLE AND SHABBY

CLOTH Ii G.

, "Only rich people," remarked the astute Mr. Csta' tnissioner Kerr the other day, "can afford to dress .; shabbily." This is, of course, true, but their doing 110 has its embarrassments; they are given "tips" intended. / for persons in a very interior position in life, and, writes—, Mr. James Payn in the "Illustrated London News." I ! have even known one person with ten thousand a Vier ' or so who was given twopence in the street as an object of charity. In some cases the habit of being ill-attired is as much the result of vanity as that of the choicest splendour. Diogenes made tbe same remark upon the gilt youth of Rhodes as on the sordid appearance of the . young Spartans 'This is pride." But some peoPle, have a natural objection to fine clothes. Peter the Great told William 111. that what struck him most favourablY during his residence here was "the simplicity of dress ia the richest nation of Europe." He himself abhorred splendour; one who lived at his Court for many years tells us how difficult it was to make him dress oP to his position. When, iii 1721, the Persian Ambas- sadors were presented to him, he sat on the throne in a coarse brown jacket till some attendant threw on him, amid shrieks of laughter from the Empress Catherine, a coat of blue gros de Nar"s embroidered with silver. -This identical gal ment wag made for his marriage, and 'still covers his effigy in waic in the Academy st Science in St. Petersburg. SoMe folks wear inferior articles from consciousness that their position will acquit them of doing so. I remember as boy admiring the splendid gold chain and seals worn bY tireneral B—, the Commandant ot the town in which !my family were staying. "My dear boy," no said, Witt; his frank and pleasant smile, "that is the advantage being a Commandant; they are Mosaic gold and vrorth fifteen bob, but no one will ever suppose it." I knew a great whist-player whose insuperable objtction tc„) war-paint"—that is, evening clothes—often prevented him from partaking of his favourite game. Be showed me once a pleasant little note he had received from se intending host: `• Come dressed as you please, my dent I fellow; when a man is a trump, what signifies about his suit !" The man who despises" war-paint" is,of courses a very superior irdividual to the man who cannot dine without it; but there is no doubt that carelessness ie attire is apt to degenerate into something much more serious. I have known a noble lord and Cabine! Minister come to his club with shoes down at heel an holes in his stockings, and a pocket-handkerchief hang: log out of his pocket which no self-respecting thief would look at twice.

SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting book which eve y woman would be glad to hal: Contains important and confidential advice and tells bot mauled and single how to keep healthy and avoid tbe anxieties so cilstresrim, to the sex, bent tree, securelY sealed, for one stan pto cover ostage. ADDRESS Protessor E. LOALLM, 17, Eastbourne Terre° Paddington, Linden. W

WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS N114)3 OILS. is a boon to sufferers and bet 3 like magic ill all cal of RHEUMATISM, sPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIF JOINTS. Peke Is. 4d. I.er bottle, carriage paid.—J.Woopo9' chemist, 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

• 3a "TOBACCONISTS commencing" 111 d. guide (2' 9 rage' TOBACCONISTS' Co.-186, Buston-x oad,London. mioaager. By. MYERS Est. 1866.

3 MATCHLESS CLEANSER has swept away Athousand worries of Washing Day.—anyr.

E PLAGUE OF Ll°

A "Little Cough " THE RUIN OF HEALTH : . A C THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH :•. Little ough. . A "Little Cough.:.o a Which may be CURED now by the IXIMRDIATN u' II ALL'SENZA ' I JUNG RESTORER FOR INFLIJ Registered AND ALL CB 0%0 LUNG AND Tally ' RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Wll5 Never Fails. It POSSESSES T kig ?O 00 LUNG to SOOIHK, H o•E10114,.. 0,0 HEAL, which existS , RESTORER other preparation. Fon COUGHS DS. LUNG OR C°l) RESTORER GO ' Never Faits. It NNTER le k 11.4 to . LUNG INSTANT IaiLIRF RESTORER TAB FIRST DOSE Is A SOOTHINO,... , LUNG LUDB TO THE CISPIP. RESTORER INDUCES SLEW' . Calm and Retreshiga• _A, LUNG rIiNTAM DOES NOT '-'-',,ivxt. 0 R ESTORER Lex DAN of. 0' Never Falls moupRIA• LUNG . FOR wilocriso 000, RESTORER CO LUNG IT ACTS LIKI3 A C11'41114., Children lika RESTOR ER g Never Fails. ONE 1310, - CITO* II ALL'S 1.- UN CI ])pl ESTORER r Rovns ITS • - • 0 ao 1r . 14 It Registered ESTABLISDE r ~,, GIVES INSTANT NEVER NE V I ' RELIEF. FAILS. FAA 1.,. - riEJOISIII-' , EXTItACT FPOM LETTER OF WITNF4S - do. Mrs. A. l,..rnith, Orphan Home tor Oirts, Crleoed .0 T- H. o Mr. Tuna. HALL.—" HEIR Si% --T 3"l„P„ur I:111.101 t m tstify to the great benefit derived fro the use 0 .t,ar,,o , RESTORER, which I have given to s,verAt oer`r'', ni,.r,' my Home—in two cases particularly its vffects la' liue r 1,,,,,, having cured most obstinate Coughs. 1,1 to recommend it to all my fri, tuts."

.. -- f ITADP CAUTION. —When you ask, ask for a Bottle LUNG BESTONER, dor't 'e persuaded to aesel):.; 'sots the. Upon the outside we poer of ever.," ge,nci'sigtovu spocara my Trade Mark (the figure of 1-10 PE) a" Beware of fcandulent Imitation and iniiiivation4• ._ rot Sold by Chem lets and Stores everywhere. cli"filio,lo Is. 11d. and 2s. 2d. Should there be 311, tof I''' i obtaining. it, will be sent carriage raja. on reee.P vioa , no' the unimitil !,e-... ..1:13.04. 1.1....1 1."., 24, 00 street, London, ILO.

-

I

===== 0002601_18950202_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
T w bELIVERIES AS FOLL WS

Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenn Stamp.

With Extra Halfpenny MAILS. Stamp up to • 2-15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows No extm f Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth 4-0 am Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook DittO. Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury and Moore 5-15 axa.. Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Ditto. Lyrnm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stotoek 5-30 a.m. ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, Ditto. and Woolaton 5-30 a.m, For Town Delivery & Latchor 1 Ditto. Manchester, Macclesfield, Stook- -5-55 a.m. Port, Buxton, Yorkshire, North- Ditto. utnberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire n London, Southern and S.-Western 0-30 a.m. Counties. Central South Wales tt and Foreign Di o. 10-0 a.m. Liverpool and Leigh Ditto. 10-10 Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland . Ditto. Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, 11.10 aaa. Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Ditto. Helene, Widnes, Newton. and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, 11-30 a.ta South wales. S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- Ditto. thumberland, 81 Town D -livery.. London S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Ditto. Foreign 12 Noon Bolton 1-50 a Preston. North Lancashire, West Ditto. Cumberland Ditto. 1-50 London, Midland, Southern, and P.m. S.-Eastern Counties Ditto. Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Pati. Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Ditto. Plymouth, and Scotland 1.g5 Chester. Wres ham, Llandudno, & Pan* Shrewsbury Ditto' 140 Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & P.m. Sheffield Ditto. Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Ditto. Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore 3.() Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Pan. Sankey Bridge* Ditto. a3:,,‘15 Lvrnm, Theiwall, & Heatley - ilsu„ P.m. Manchester &St Helens . "" • m Orford and Hulme Ditto. 440 • Pan. Liverpool and Chester Ditto. '`) Pan. Orappenhall 4-45 p.m. Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Ditto. 6.0 pan. Cumberland, Wigan,Manchest Peterborough, and East Lincol No extra shire 6-15 P.m Town Delivery Preston, West Cun berland, Liver- DU 0. 3° P.m. pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle 10-An of Man, & Glasgow pall, Night Mail Oriapenh. All Parts... 1145 Lon:if, ustern & ' 10-45 p.m M• South Counties. & Foreign

With Or- dinary Postage up to

11,3 q i';P•

2-16 p.m. P.m. 2-45 P.m.

Posta arY I ge. s'o ama.

9,10 10-30

11.10 ~

2.15 Dan

3.0 4.30 5.30 8.0 5.q0 „

ROUSE, SU/I-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES ARE. CLEARED AS FOLLOWS llRarielet4ownn°usE— *Asia icEs ''''''''''''''''''' '''' N%4.rt rtrn- s-17:It -4ano. Newton Conunon ftl,76t the Racecourse) Siatioa ''''' PicitZ,tl7 Bridge) 2h Street. 114reh-at°•:lo3tollru.r.z.". to_eg le. Lowlo()44 mar I..owton St. bolt° , a tation) vuleah 4,04 d, Ashton 13)r ‘1::( je°l nil ego e ..... ;• Parcela are (in t,°Wll at 9Patohed from the Receiving Office at Bayles- ,irue Is ers, ,•,4,• and 6 p.m., • from all Sub-Offices at the same ,

WEEK-DAYS, 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

..................

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 am. mid 6-20 p.m 6-30 p.m. 9-23 a.m. and 5-55 r. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a m., 12 noon, 2 7 p.m. 640 p.m. 845 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

l'oroi;nles, Ireland, Scotland, ... • 11/ 'dahan, ',Lne South anChe • 4elsby , !Step, & urn ..... b •-..FtSt Lancashire, Durham. Northum- 'oester, Lincolnshire Z9lltllportiverpool, Bi rkenhead Lo. irk, wid_prescot, Wigan, Orm s- -74471011, & Harlestown p e e,gn , and the S I restotl °unties & th out tott..l ' La " • Wales— Chil 18/"T"• New New. /wan eater . St St. litlitna, and ,aciorZ'Larir..; .. .... La.! %tern, :,`ll roreign, South, S - ~.eashire „d Mintand Counties uneorn, Crewe, Ches- '„,NOw ales u and Ireland tovoeate; 3,3.-I:eston, Wigan Man-, oiton, Chester' Itli:sterT]a,"4 itlFurei Smith, COUS - Northern, omftstern he • l'ildg,tenTs. & Lancashire \ ath, , • oolst on, Stockton undort „" St ret ton tlet,-. ern 'oc'orueul South, and 5

7-0 a.m. 10-30 10 45 ~

- 11-30 „ 11-40 ~ } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

„ }

1 Mitts id. Stamp.

10-35 a.m

2-20 3.M. '3-10

8-10

5-30 p.m.

8-3 G

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a,m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil.

9-15 „

5 a.m.

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil

Ni.. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

7-0 a.m.

11-30 nan,

3-1 in.

6-45 a.m.

7-0 a.m. Next day.

A ke• Mon of Ardlamont notoriety, was on Rai Wednes- ldu Z22'clod a! farthing damages against Madame 117: fetid.nntS,,ns for their exhibiting his model In was And tT 8 gave an undertaking to remove the effigy,le judge reTuEed to deprive plaintiff of his costs.

• • • • 4.! f, •/t, • 4/6../

===== 0002601_18950202_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON,

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FEDERATION ()F P.S.A. SOCIKTIES.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
QUARTERLY MEETING AT WARRING- TON. • •

lIIPORT.kNT PUBLIC MEETING.

On Saturday afternoon the quarterly meeting of the P.S.A. Federation was held in Wycliffe Congregational Church. About forty delegates from the different affili- ated societies were present, and the chair was occupied by Coun. A. Park,J.P., F. ft.G.S ,F.R.Fl.B..Ashton-und..r- Lyne, who was accompanied on the platform by Mr. J. o.Taylor (treasurer of the Federation), Mr. D,Prestwich (secretary), and the Rev. J. Tonga (Warrit.gten). The minutes of the last meeting and those of the Ea. ecutive Committee were read and confirmed. . . . .

... - The CitAiRmAN briefly remarked on the business for the afternoon and of the dying out of the " P.S.A. Monthly," and ef the difficulty they had had of keeping in touch with the Federation Societies. It was desirable that they should get to know each other more closely than they did.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF EXECUTIVE,

The election of the Execative Committee was then pro. ceeded with. Mr. J. W.Dent,(Oldham) suggested that out of the 12 members of the past executive as there were in one or two cases two from one town, ope should withdraw in ord-r to let some other Society be repro- ' sented. They would then have a wider field, and no doubt the other Societies would be pleased to he represented. Mr. J. Dunkerley proposed to withdraw his seat in favour of Mr. Dent's proposition, but the Chairman and a majority of the meeting were opposed to it, and he at last con.ented to be re-elected. Mr. Dent then proposed that the executive be enlarged, but this was not possible until the annual meeting, at which the Chairman pro- mised the matter should be considered. The following gentlemen were then elected to form the Executive Com- mittee :—ft-v. F. Flibbert (Blackburn), Messrs. J. Dun- kerley (Ashton), J. Barlow (Droyleaden), T. Bell (Newton Heath), Dutton (Manchester, Zion Chapel), :Chandos Wilson (Witbington), Thomas Wallington (Warrington), Quarmby (Stalybridge), A. Rhodes (Uppermill), Coun; Iredale (Mayor of Moseley), J.-El. Knighton (Stockport), and Mr. John Shepherd (Rochdale).

===== 0002601_18950202_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED VISITATION COMMITTER.

Mr. CILINDOS WILSON moved a reSoliitiSon that the proposed visitation committee be remitted to the Eeecii- tive Committee to consider and report upon.—Mr.RHODES thought the matter might properly be dealt with that afternoon when so many suitable men were gathered together, and moved an amendment to that effect —Mr. %Imam said, if they made a committee that afternoon he thought they should first determine the lines of action of that committee. With regard to his resolu- tion he left the meeting to decide. Two members thought Mr. Wilson should retain his resolution and another member suggested that they appoint a com- mittee and leave the modus operandi to the Executive Committee.—The Climax/0i then said that the amend- ment was that they appoint 12 representatives out of .the delegates present to form a visitation committee. He put the amendment to the meeting and it was lost. The resolution was that the matter be referred to the Executive Committee to report upon at the next meet- ing. This was carried by a large majority. Miss GORDON (Ashton P.M.E.) then read an exceed- ingly interesting and practical paper on" The work of a P.S.A. visiting committee." She said the visitors should make themselves at home at the places they visited and give advice kindly. Several plans followed by the visiting committee at Ashton P.M.E. were put, forth in the paper, and also numerous valuable sug- gestions.—The paper, which was a long, one, led to some discussion on the value as well as the details of the visiting work connected with the P.S.A. and other kindre,t

A PROORRSSIYE P.S.A.

Mr. CHANDOS WILSON said that the Withington P.S.A was a society in a large residential district, where two years ago there were scarcely any working teen, and nothing of which to form a P.S.A. They started with a membership of thtee, and the second Sunday they had the officers of the Society and one member. (Laughter.) For a while their success was not very marked,but now they had e membership of 207. (Applause.) Their whole success was the result of active visitation. They went from house to house in the first instance, giving out circulars, and when their Society grew they found a necessity ef confining their methods to the circuit. Every Sunday when a man was absent,a "visitor" went to his residence to report upon the reason for his ab. sence. Snmetimes the cause was sickness, sometimes otherwise,but it was always as well to pay a visit to the , absentee. Visitation did a great deal towards extending Ithe power of the P.S.A. movemeat. (Hear, hear, and applauss.)—Mr.J. Shepherd (Rochdale) desired to thank Miss Gordon for her interesting paper, and he. had no doubt that if every society would work upon the lines of that paper it would be a great success. He looked upon the institution as a capital means of getting hold of young men who thought themselves ton big to go to , Sunday School.—The Chairman thought visitation was the most valuable work of the societies, and presented opportunities of great value.—Mr. J. W. Dent (Oldham) I held with those whohad spoken that there was no work which they had to do whieh was so urgent and impor- tant as the work of visitation. They had a number of men who were willing to help, but who were not all cut out exactly for the work of visitation, and he himself would welcome anything that would bring into touch more of the members who knew how to go to a home and bring in the Master. All felt that if the visitors could give their hearts and souls to the work it would be a great thing, and he thought that Miss Gordon's paper was worthy of being widely circulated.—Mr. Rhodes moved a vote of thanks to Miss Gordon, and stated that the true aim of every P.S.A. society was to lead men to Christ The hearty vote of thanks to Miss Gordon concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA TO THE DELEGATES.

After the business of the meeting was completed a tea was served to the delegates in the schoolroom, under the superintendence a Mrs. IL Atkinson, Mrs.F. Gleave., Mrs. George Jeffery, and Mrs. T. Wallington. Mr. W. H.Payton then entertained the members with hn admir- able organ • recital of half-an-hour'i duration in the church. His performance tended to show, the high powers of the organ: and was.much,appreciated.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING MEETING.

There was a good attendance at the meeting which was held in the evening in Wycliffe Murcia. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Yoni.m, and in the eudience was a large number of delegates from various P.S.A. societies in the Federation area. After devotional exercises, the chairman addressed the meeting. He ARO that he was pleased to occupy the position of chairman of that meeting. A chairman was not expected to say much, and he was glad of that, hut he would like to say one or two things. He felt honoured in having, received in Warrington, the quarterly confer- ence of the federation of P.S..A.Sociejes and kindred or- ganisations Cof Lancashire and the neighbontine counties. He was not able altogether to congratulate .the federa- tion upon its title, for it took one's breath away, (laugh- ter). Be supprned• however he they might gall it the P S.A. Federation for all practical purposes. He *as glad that the Federation had taken hold of P.S.A.Socie-, ties in such a large area which it sought to c-ver. There were now 39 socieles federated, of which five had con- siderably over 1 000 members. He thought he could fairly say that the P.S.A F,sier ition which had held it, conference in Wy-clifTe church that day covered a toler- ably wide area of ground. There were also connected' with the federation, three Pleitsant Monday Evenings for women, a movement which had his greatest sympathy. He wiShed they cauld Manage it in Warrington. He had been trying to inspire some of the ladies of his con- gregation an school, to take up this work.hot the ladies of Wycliffe church were ladies distirmisird for their modesty (laughter), and shrank from publie notine with the mistaken ides, that their talents were not sufficient. He had been endeavouring to after that, and he hoped before another year had passed, that they might have pleasant Monday evenings at Wycliffe Church. If they did, they would have to an to Ashton-under-Lyne for assistance. (Laughter.) Their friend Councillor Park who had taken the chair in the afternoon, had on one or two occasionis rendered valueble assistance, and he had also been Pleased with the admirable paper Miss Gordon had read. There were other evenings peas ant besides Sunday and Monday.and ther had iu the Fed=ra- tinn, three Pleasant Wednesday evening:, and if they went on much longer they would endeavour to make all the evenings of the week pleasant He was gla Ito tell ' them that their experiment of P.S. A.'s in that church had been distinctly encouraging. Not only had they gathered together a large membership, but they had , reason to believe that the meetings liad resulted in a large amount of blessing. They continually heard of one or another, whose lives had been uplifted, and whose char atter had been elevated. It was pleasant to be able to relate that they had got hold of a considerable number of young men who hail .rifted away from the Methodist churches in that town,and got away from their Sunday schools, and from th•ir ceme,reeatieus. and wire now re- turninsr, to their old associations in the Methodist churches. (Applause.) They at Wycliffe themselves were reaping some benefit from the P.S.A riey saw per- sons at the evening services whoa( they had never seen before. He honed other churches would nseist in the work, and thus carry it on still more successfully. Councillor PARE, of Aslitnn.under-Lrne, then gave a paper on "Character in public life." RP said that that was a question to his mind of very great importance to P.S.A. Societies. •rt, question was, how tar, as SA. socteties,coulii they elevate the tone of their public lit' ? How far could they secure the government of the town or city, in the hands of good men, knd be made to serve the interests of public righteoueness ?Societies had to face two dangers : One of being too relgious, or he mieht say,ton otherworldly,"and the other of being too political. The first was one to which P.S.A Societies , were not likely to succumb, hut he believed that a great number of men thought religion was one thing, and morality another, ant that gettme sived, m'an', chiefly, getting to heaven. He was thanki el that this spirit was not entirely characteristic of P.S A. addresses. On the other hand, they did not want the P.S.A. Societies to deal primarily with labour politics or even social prob- lems. They were not intended to set class against class, labour against capital, or party against party. (Bea",

-.-;r.t;...:-7.-..,f..1'1;..:',--:.'....".....'.:- - ...' . . ' ... '...- ..-.• '-• .--. • ••• • • • . • .. •

You oftm see persons wastlnly, away without any apparent ovum. il'h" food they eat seems to ga t. waste, and their systems ar, utterly unfit to assimilat • enough to licep up physical \lzmir. Scott's Emulsion overcomes this ennrittion of wasting and restores a natural condition of Leisith. Try it.-5

IMilffMll

===== 0002601_18950202_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE PICAMINER, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 2 1895.

hear.) They were to serve is a uniting, and not as a dividing force. (Applause.) At the Caine time, how- ; ecti,r, while they would avoid the danger of being too wilitic I [her would make religion to bear upon the public life of the town. School Board elections for , instance, involved vast issuss as they influenced the ' education nt thy children, and it was a manifest duty on those occasions to tell the people that the exercise of th. fr inchise was a very solemn responsibility, and that it i was a wicked th'ng to take no interest in the life of the town wher they dwelt. They ought also to care about the electinii,of poor law guardians, who had to administer the pit • r law, and also of mernhers of the Town Council who adm nistered the larger municipality. Let them he above strife in their civic life, and elect men who ha ed corruption, men who had a high standard of public righteousness, and who had a sincere ambition to bring their town into a likeness to the Government of Jesus Christ. It was the province of the P. 5.4. Societies to emphasise the responsibilities of citzenship. It would, however, be extremely im- politic in mtliiicipal contests to take sides for one party or the other, except where the battle was fought on dis- tinctly moral issues. Generally speaking, municipal contests were fought on political linesand though moral issues might be invnlved, and ha some instances deeply involved, yet it would be unwise ti descend into the arena of party strife. Take an example. He knew a town where the secretary of the P.S.A. Society was the :candidate in the municipal election, and was opposed by a publican who was the recognised champion of the public-house interest. ThesecretarY was the nominee of the Liberal party which in that , district and in a great number of districts had not a clear conscience on the drink que.tion, be- cause there was such an institution as a Liberal club. He was not put forward as a temperance man, but was under the auspices of the Lib'n•al party, accompanied by all the implements and watchwords of party war- fare. It would in that case h., ye been very unwise if the P. 8.4. Society in that town had entered the conflict, ' and been involved in apolitical struggle. (Applause.) But although P.S. A. S)cieiles ought not to do so, there might he an nrga isation which could reeommend can- didates whose views were considered for the good of the town, and therefore there ought to be in connection with P.S A. Societies and churches a Social Questions Union, composed of men and women interested in social questions,w hose special care would be to look after the dis- trict immediately around the church,and have a distinct programme of social reform. The main object of such a society would be to foster a civic conscience amongst men and women of the churches. They would recom- mend the candidature of men for the Town Council and other rYpres.ntstiye bodies, irrespectik e of polities, who were men of Christian principles and Christian sym- pathies, and who would elevate public life. (Applause.) Die Union would try to inform the constituency as to moral issues. The Social Questions Union could form part of the work of the church just as the P.S.A. They could thus learn to apply their religious principles to social problems, and thus secure the best men for their public service. (Applause.) AftereCouncillor Park's address, discussion was in- vited, and the members of the audience were invited to give their opinions for and against the paper which had just been given. Mr.J.W.Derzr,of Oldham,said that he believed that the subject was very important. It the Christian societies of England had taken their proper part in public life many years ago, the political and social life of England would have been higher than it was at present. Their P. 5.4 societies were showing the peiple who attended them how to steer clear of questionable places and practices, and to give up all influences which were detrimental to their character. They should strive to put their public men on a right platform. He thought that it was abso- lutely necessary that the religious societies should use their influence to cause the electors to rise to the res- ponsibilities of the franchise. The P.S.A. societies could exert R great influence, for the federation represented 17.000 rnomhei.s. _ .

Mr A Raopes,of Upper Milesaid that he was glad that a change had been made in the conducting of the even- ing meeting of the Federation, by having a discussion. The euestien of the influence of P.S. A.'s upon the civic life of the town was a very important one. They could not all take that active part in politics which they could like, hut he thought it was time to sink mere party vestions, and look more and more to the character. 11 was glad to say that the P.S A. at Saddleworth showed Its power at the recent Urban District Council election, hod he was proud to say that the firr, elected reaeis- trate of Saddleworth was a P S.A. man, as el..° was the chairman of the Parish Council. He also believed in missionary work. When not engaged at home, he went to help ether places, and be considered that this kind of work helped to hind the various societies together. The amount of infiu-nce which could he exerted by the societies could he well shown be the fact that the federa- tion numbered 17 000 members. Councillor DIGGLI? of Rochdale,whem Mr.Yongc intro- (Weed as one of his " yeune men" of Heywood, said that he had lively recollections of the flints when Mr. *range was the pastor of the Congregational Church at fileYweed• Mr. Yenee had to some extentemoulded his life. (Applanse.) He (Mr. DiEgle) was now in Rochdale, and he might tell them that he was an ardent radical. Mr. Park had mentioned the fact of drink being seld at Liberal clubs. He (the speaker) was asked some time ago to 'Apt,' raise funds to purchase a Liberal club in Rochdale. He refused to take any part in it, unlees it were taken on a ten years' lease, end that no drink should he sold on the premises. (Applause.) it was wate a new experiment. but after some time, it was agreed upon, and he set about getting subscriptions. John Prieht whom he called mem, ee ve him a subscrip- tion of s.but it was accompanied with the remark that it would he a failure. The club was opened, and it had proved a great Success, and after the ten years' lease was rm. they removed into other premises, and still kept the drink out. He thought that the members of the P:S. secietv should endeavour to purify the organi- sa.ions to which they`heloneeel. There was a social question union at Rochdale and it was exerting great influence in that bean. He believed a men nueht, to be elected because of his moral bearing, and not because ef his belonging to a political party merely, and a man when elenteed should act conseientilusly ancll vote ac- cording to diis convictions. Mr. Park had said that the P.S.A.shotild not be over religious. He imagined that by this he meant sectarian. If this were so he entirely agreed with him,and he believed that the P S.A.'s should be kept as free as possihle from seetarian influences. Mr. FILDES ofeteeknert, said that he had been a member of the Stockport ToWn Connell for six years. and he considered that there were many things which required to he improved. One of his friends was the sanitary insn.otor, end his work took him out fre- quently at night. He said that people would he astounded if they knew what was going, on in the night, even amongst neeple who attended the Sunday echoels. If the magistrates carte.) I owl the law, several of the publichonaes would he closed. Their income came by encouraging immorality. If they had character amongst those men. they would see that the police were properly supeorted. They might also to improve the Watch Committee. (Applause.) He might mention that in Streerpert the police were handicapped by the clerk to the magistrates being clerk to the brewers. (Shame.) If they ligrl more character amene men in authority, and also religion it would make the government of the town more after the pattern of the Lord Jesus Christ. He believed that the P.S.A. could do marvellous work in improving the morality of the town in which it existed, and str.ead Christianity also

Mr..T.ltott.frw.llroylesden,hclieved that one good thing which would happen through the forma thin of the P.S.A.'s would he that the time of public, life would be elevated. He believed they looked too much at the statistical re- sults, and not ervingh at the moral influence. In a town like Warrington, he felt quite sure, a P S. A. Society of over 1,000 members would have a r.at influence during the next five years upon the public life of thn town. FP believed that as time went on. their Dubl in offices would be filled with man of higher worth than there were at I present. Mr.T. Rau,. Newton Heath, fully endorser] Mr. PArk's paper. In the city of Manchester. during the past few vear,there had been a great. change in the council. They had closA several places of a demoralising character avinst the opposition of one of their most prominent brewers, who had since come to grief: They had thus been ahie to considerably elevate the condition of thecity of Manchester. fie thought that there was every reason why the P.S A. Societies should use their influence to elevate the tome of the public life of the towns.

The Hey. J. YONGE said that he was entirely with Mr. Park in his desire for the uplifting of the public life of the towns,and that the P.S.A.'s should advise the voters to be careful in the exercise of their vote. There were large numbers who did not take the trouble to use their votes. Ho was glad to inform the delegates that the Wrcliffe P.S. A. Society possessed fonr and a half mem- beis of the Board of. Guardians. (Lauehter.) He said four and a half, because the wife of one of the members was the only lady Guardian at present on the Board. Her husband was a steward of the P.S.A. They had besides; four other members of the Guardians. He there- fore thou2ht that the P.S.A. was fairly represented on that important body. (Hear, hear.) He was glad that the election was not fought on party lines, and he did nor see what party had to do with the election of Guar- dians, nor et municipal elections. Ifs did not think however, that the Social Questions Union should be in connection with the P.S.A. Soci.ty in Warrington at any rate—he did not know how it WAS in other towns. Flu was disposed to think that that kind of movement in- vv:irriny,ton would be sure to be looked up.-m by a certain natty in the community as a political /lodge. He lisp.. petted to be the .president of the Warrington Social QUPP- tinns Union, and people were thinking that because they were quiet just at present, they were dead. They were not. however. There was life in them vet, and they would e.orne forward when the neeesion grave rise to it. He thowfht, however, that it would be a mistake if they identified the two bodies. They should keep them separ- ate. Of eourse thee did not ntrielt to the mernhars of the P.S.A. Society joining the Social Questions Union.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
'The P.S.A., however, should work its own way, and he believed that it would do a great work in Warrington, and that in the days and years which were to come, Warrington would be better because of the work of the P.S.A. Councillor PARK in reply to the various speeches,said that he had been exceedingly pleased at the manner in which the subject had been discussed that night, and he thought that that way of spending the evening was very profitable. It was most important that the members of the Watch Committee should be men of character as they had so much to do with the moral welfare of the town, and could have so much influence in encouraging the, police in the discharge of their duties. All questions that touched the social and moral life of the people should be tried, not by one party colour, but on tho principles of righteousness and justice, and on the prin- ciples of Jesus Christ. Ha was a party man, and he took pride in purging his own house, and he would not sup- port a man of his political colour who did not support the principles of righteousness. Men should exercise their influence not so much for political parties as for parties of righteousness, who would work for the eleva- tiotrof the town. (Applause.) Mr.D.Panirrwica,the secretary,then thanked Mr.Yonge for the use of Wycliffe Church for the quarterly meeting and Mr. Yonge in reply said that he had been very much interested in the meetings, and looked forward to the time when they would again come to Warrington. The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM •AGAINST A WARRINGTON NEWSPAPER COMPANY.

A COIPOSITOR'S GRIEVANCE _ AND WORK.

_ At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday morning, a claim was preferred against the Warrington "Observer" Publishing Co. by Walter Adamson, com- positor, for Us. lid, balance of wages alleged to be due. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared for the plaintiff,and Mr. El. Woods for the defendant company. Mr. Browne said that plaintiff had served his time at the" Guardian" Office as a compositor for five years and went to the "Observer" Office in September last for an increase of wage. For something like three months no complaint was made against him, and also during the whole time he was at the " Guardian." When _ _ .

Mr. C. R. _ Adamson, who was canvasser at the _ . . .

" Observer " left that Office, his nephew, the plaintiff, also received 14 days' notice. He went to Mr. Gill for a reason, but could no.; get one. After receiving his notice Adamson was set to" feed " a ms chine,and know- ing nothing about it, the papers were spoiled. Mr. Gill then came up and told him to get his wages and go. His (Mr. Browne's) client's wages were paid him up to the date of his discharge and they claimed the balance of I.ls. 11d., because he had done nothing wrong,as he had no right at the machine. He would ask the Bench to make an order for the amount claimed.—Walter Adam- son,(l9)3, St. Mary's-st.,l,itchford,corroborated his soli- citor, and stated that he worked on until the Friday last week. His work was that of a compositer, and he knew nothing about machining, but was called to the news- machine on Friday, the 25th, by Weir, the machine- man. When he spoiled the pavers Mr. Gill accused him of doing it on purpose, and told him to put his coat on and go home. Cross-examined by Mr. Woods, plaintiff admitted that he had fed machines several times at the " Observer" Office. He received his notice on 29th December. _ .

. . Mr. Woods stated that on the morning following plaintiff's notice he was sent to print some bill heads, and a number of them were spoiled. On the Wednesday he was sent to print some " contents bills." and these were smeared and stuck together through his having allowed too much ink to be put on. There were 30 altogether. Mr. Gill complained to him about using a " four-em" to plane a bill instead of the proper "planer.' In consequence of his spoiling the papers on Friday the despatch t*ain was lost. He (Mr. Woo Is) thought the bench would be satisfied that ih, complain- ant brought the case to extort the amount claimed. For some time the defendant had been careless in his work and done considerable damage. lie argued that when plaintiff received notice he studied the way in which he could dam ige the company, and out of the 1,000 bill heads he spoiled 160 With regard to Adamson's state- ment that the machine was out of order when the news- papers were printed Mr. Woods stated that it worked all right before plaintiff went on, and also immediately after he was taken off.—Mr. William Gill (manager for the " Ob.erver " Company) supported Mr. Woods' statement, and further evidence for the defence was given by George Jones. St. Mary's-street, Latchflrd (foreman). and .1. Weir,9B, Hardy-street (machine-man). —Mr. A. Brown remarked that had lie known the cir- cumstances produced in the court he would sot have gone on with the case.—Atter a short deliberation the Bench dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD SUICIDE OF A KELSEY ENGINEER.

At the Liverpool City Coroner's Court, before Mr. E. Sampson, on Monday afternoon, an inquiry was held touching the death of Carl Thomas Blanch-Brain, aged twenty-nine, electrical engineer, and manager for a firm of electrical engineers, who lived at the Poplars, tielsby. It appeared from the evidence of deceased's wife, who seemed greatly affected, that her husband was a great student, and as a result of his excessive study she was of opinion that he had overtaxed his brain. He was taking medicine for pains in the head. He left home on Friday afternoon to go.to Liverpool en. business. He then seemed to be in good spirits. As witness did not receive the usual telegram from her husband she on Saturday morning wont to Liverpool and called at the branch works,but wit hmt success. She returned hornetand then found a telegram awaiting her containing the news of her husband's death. She went to the North-Western Hotel, and there saw the body of her husband. The other evidence showed that deceased was found lying on the bed at the hotel, fully dressed, with a pistol grasped in his right hand Close to the e'er, and life was quite evinct.- A policeman was called in, and he found a visiting card on the dressing table,which bore the words" lam married. For God's sake break it gently to my dear wife." The revolver was a new one, five-chambered, and with one out of three cart- ridges discharged. The officer also found a box of cartridges in the dressing-room drawer.—Dr. Pusey attributad death to injury to the base of the shull, caused by the revoiyer shot. Death had occurred some time before the body was discovered—probably twelve hours.—Dr. Clegg said he knew the deceased, and had prescribed U.,. him. He suffered greatly from the effects of ever•stuuy—a cendition when the nerve power , was very easily exhausted—associated with head ache, pains and general depression. He was accustomed to sit up working with a wet towel round his head. Wit- ness put a stop to it, hut he considered it had done him harm. Deceased was a very bright, intellig,ent man. but was easily exhausted.—The jury found a verdict of " Suicide whilst in a state of temporary insanity."

===== 0002601_18950202_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
• •

''4.--7-*-

• Homocea • Touches the Si b. # '77 ;.1 # • 9 • • t • o How many thousands, Of 'lives have been made miserable by this excruciating complaint? It 4, seems to break down the Strongest man, and spares none. The causes • may be many, but the cure is one. H - cea Instantly touches the spot, and +1 works marvels in a very short time. .0 It has been said that "if PromocEA had been brought out only as a 4, Pile Ointment, it would have come as a blessing to mankind," but • ITomocEA is a househse remedy that can be used in hundreds of + different cases. Soldby all Chemists, is. and 2S . gd. per box.

, or— Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;HRIDOE-STREET PHARMACY, EON- CORN; 11. WESCON, DEVONSHIRE BUMPING, RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET. ST. HELENS; MESSRS. HEATH AND LEEDEIAM ; and by E. BOOTH, 5, CHESTER BRIDGISICEZWE. (3,)

T ;poT for ( PILES. = 'P.,044:1,b, • .VA,AA#:,r:V-M.,-7,- .?/oC.7.:'' - 44'itt„* ••:a. tt-'-‘ - - ''',:,., ::",,,.,I‘"7",:'= ~....;.W,, 4-, ~:', ~ . : :;..f.t.:4,,, , ,• t' '.;'. :!.;''...•'... I:'.f:-.'t'jl.li, ...2,'' ''''''''• ''''''''i,l"4ll4o...,.' ' ,I, :1.1 kpife, ~:i;5:;:?...:14.:0r5, 1I wit 1 ka,,7„0.. 0.. y., ~:.,.,,,,,:.,,,,,..,:,.....„,,„:.,.,..,,,,,44,,,..„...:,„,:., •.c ~.,.„4„,,,,,,,,,„„,,t,,...•„..,J.,;,..„,.:,,,, A. - „ ~, fillk::, fr-i,S .t ..ilikkoPS 6 1,...

===== 0002601_18950202_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESBI7IIY HIGHWAY BOARD.

A meeting or the D trebury Highway Board was held on Thuisday aftcra, on week. in Dar,i•bury Court House, when Mr. W. Bradford occupied the chair. There were also pre.s.e:.t Lieutenant Colonel W. V. Fox, J P., Mos-re. J. Bolsbaw, ff. Eyes, P. Mounneld, J. Barber, T. Darlington, J. Lea, J. Parr, J. L. Jones, P. Darhyshire, P. Tickle,T. Dutton. S.:Lewis, H. G. Linaker (clers), and J. Swinton (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18950202_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINT AGAINST THE SHIP CANAL.

The Clerk read a letter which he had received from Mr. Smith Burgess with reference to the action of the Ship Canal Co., near Walton Arches. It ran as follows : ' Jan 7th, 1895, re road near Walton Arches. Dear Sir, —Some'hing should have been done to prevent the Ship Canal from interfering with the above. They have re- moved the hedge between the new and old railways,and have taken out the bank between the road and the river, so that the river is brought up to the edge of the road. Anyone slipping off the road, will have a fall of about nine f, et. Then about midway between the two arches they have fixed a large derrick, apparently for the pur- pose of swinging trucks of mud across the road. It will be a source of great danger to the persons using the road. I think our solicitor should see it, and take what steps he considers requisite for the safety of the travelling public, and the interest of the Highway Board. Yours, etc., Smith Burgess. —P.S. I have had many complaints from persons using the road,also from the repres-,ntative of one of the landowners, hence my reason for writing to you."—Mr. Linn ker said that he had forwarded the letter to the Shin Canal Co., and had received the following reply : " Jan. 9th, I have yours of yesterday's date addressed to Sir Leader Williams. I will be glad to know what you consider the exact posi- tion to be of the Daresbury Highway Board in relation to the above. So far as I am aware, no persons but ourselves incur any expenditure for the maintenance of the road, but as to this you will perhaps be good enough to inform me. In the meantime I may state (1), that I have a:ranged for a temporary fence to be erected at either side ot the road and, (2) that no trucks of mud will be swung across the road. A shoot will be carried over the road, but in such a manner as to allow of all passengers going without interference.—Yours etc., W. H. Hunter, engineer."—ln reply to this letter, Mr. Smith Burgess sent the following letter :—" January 11, Sir,—Mr. Hunter is wrong in claiming that the Ship Canal Company has repaired the road in question. The Company are liable for the repairing of the road from the swing bridge to the Warrington and Stockport rail- way bridge, and for the repairing of the canal bank ' from there to Morley stop (which said roads would be better for their attention now). The position of the Highway Board, I consider, is that of the Guardians o the road in question. We might indict the Company for damaging our road by taking up the protection tence from the side of it, and bringing a tidal river up against the road,which would,no doubt,be a source of jeopardy, and,further,l do not consider they have any right to put any bridge across the road without our consent.—Yours etc., Smith Burgess."—The Clerk said that he would further write the Company on the matter.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW ENGINEER FOR THE SHIP CANAL.

Sir Learle-r-Wilii-a.rn—s—w-r-o-te- tW-Che-C--,1-e-r-k;t-aiing that as the Ship Canal was practically completed, he had relin- quished all active control of the Ship Canal, as engineer, and Mr. W. H. Flunter would take his place. He would, however, st'll advise the Company on matters relating to engineering, and take charge of all arbitration and settlements in which engineering matters were concerned.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
A f RIEVANCE AT LITTLE LEIGH.

_ A letter was read from Mr. j. W. Garner, clerk to the Little Leigh Parish Council in which he stated that he had been instructed by the Council to bring before the notice of the Highway Board, an obstruction caused tu- the prolonged presence of sand heaps—presumably for road repairing purnoses—tmon the footpaths by the side of the highwpy. The (3,uncil 1,-lieved that the heaps were a source of danger to pedestrians, (specially this time of the year. Persons had several times been tripped up by them.'—Mr. Swinton said that he did not think that there was any danger final the sand heaps, which were upon the grass on the road side, but it was decided to put the heans further back, nearer the hedge.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE CONDUCT OF A MEMBER OF THE BOARD.

The Clerk placed before the Board a cheque for £1.6 Ts. 7d for setts accompanied with the following letter from Mr. Abel of Runcorn. " Dear Sir, In reference to the enclosed copy of an account, I understood from Mr. Aaron that he had placed the orginal enpv before the Board. As it is an old account, and your Board will I presume, anon be altered, I should he glad if the matter were settled as soon as possible. The Clerk said that the hill could not be paid until the sanction of the Local Government Board had been obtained. —Mr. Swinton explained that he and Mr. Aaron (who is a member of the Board) were together sometime ago, and they saw some setts belonging to Mr. Abel. Mr. Aaron said that they would do very well for the Board's purpose, and he (Mr. Swinton) said that he would ask the Board's permission to buy them. He did so an the matter was adjourned, hut in the meantime, Mr. Aaron of his own responsibility had ordered the setts, and they had been placed upon the road.—Mr. Parr thought that it was unjustifiable and illegal for any member of the Board to act upon his own responsibility, and Mr. Swinton ought to have told them that the setts were laid down, when he applied for permission to buy them—Several other members also spoke upon the subj,.ct, the gen .ral opinion being that the hill should be left for Mr. Aaron and Mr. Swinton to settle between themselves.—Eventually. Mr. Darlingt,m moved, and Mr. Jones seconds I that as the Board would soon come to an end, it would be as well to obtain the sanction of the Local Government Board to pay the account.—This was passed unanimously, although several members did not support the motion very heartily.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTENSION OF THE BOROTIOFI OF WARRINGTON.

A letter was read from the Town Clerk of Warrington, asking for a conference to endeavour to come to some arrangement with regard to the extension of the borough of Warrington.—lt was decided that inasmuch as the Board was totally opposed to the extension, no conference was advisable.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON I3FIRMARY AND DISPENSARY.

GIFT OF £l,OOO. The Hon. Ireasurer of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary acknowledges with thanks the gift of £l,OOO to the Endowment Fund by Lady Greenell, in memory of the late Sir Gilbert Greenall.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON Y.M.C.A.

ANNUAL MEETING.

On Thursday,last week,the annual meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association. Friar's Green. was hold in the Lecture room of their premises. The chair was taken at 8 ,s'clnck by Mr. John Edrclough. J.P. After singing and prayer the general secreary (Mr. H. Stewart) sub mitted his

REPORT

which read as follows :—" In submitting the report for 1891.,, lam glad to be able to state that the. Association is sea dily increasing in its membership and interest. From the minute hook I find that the various clubs and classes for last winter closed in a very satisfactory manner, and an entry made in April states that Mr. W. H. Bailey, late hon-secretary, announced to the committee his intention of withdrawing from the post he had held for three years, owing to demands in business. As a result of this the interest slackened . somewhat amongst the members. Shortly afterwards a resolution was passed that a general secretary should be employed full time for the work of the Association. For this purpose it was necessary to secure a certain sum towards the secretary's salary and steps were at once taken for this purpose. A meeting of the trustees having been called to consider the matter they finally gave their approval to the resolution. A meeting of members having also been called an address was given by Mr. Hind Smith, of Exeter Hall, London, encouraging the development of the Association las suggested by the committee. The necessary funds were secured. The secretary commenced his ' duties on the Ist of October, 1894, and since then there has been a great deal of work undertaken for the finan- cial position of the association and also efforts put forth to increase the interest generally, which lam glad to say have met with success. In closing this brief report I would like to add that our hope for successful work lies in co-operation. Where there is a band of willing workers to " take up arms " there is little to fear. By constant watchfulness and prayer our association would accomplish magnificent results and it is earnestly hoped that we may not be disappointed.—lt was moved by the chairman, seconded by Mr. Wylie that the secretary's report be approved and this was agreed to. Mr. S. B. STRINGER (treasurer) then made a statement of accounts which showed that the fivances were in a satisfactory condition with a small balance on the right side. The reports of the various clubs and classes were read. The Choral Society reported that they had a very handsome balance frcm their last con- cert, and the announcements from the Ambulance and Bible Classes were of a pleasing nature, and also from the tennis and cricket clubs. The P.S.A. meeting are improving still ; the shorthand class had six successes at the last examination, and the Shakespeare class is all in a fair way, and looking forward to a successful season.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following officers were re-elected :—President. Nlr. J. C. P,trr, CC.; vice-presidentg, Mr. R. Pi,r- point. J P.. M.P., Mr. W. U. Bayley, Revs E. C. Carle-

ton, 8.A., J. Kirtlan' E. Moore, J. Warnock, M.A., B.D , 'r. Pym Williamson, M.A., J. Yonge, E. T. Reed, D. W. Roberts, Owen Watkins, B. B. Percival, G. D. Mason, J. Davies ; Messrs Z. Armitage, J.P., S. Chandley, J.P.„I Crosiield, J.P., Joseph Davies, J.P., John Fairclough, J.P., Robert Garnett, J.P., F. Monks, J.P., Willian Owen, J.P., A.R.1.8.A. T. H. Sutton, J.P., J. E Wright, J.P., Thomas I%lorris, F.G.S. ; Major J. C. Ridgway, J.P. • proposed vice-presidents :Th Rev. F. Kirkland', T. Fletcher, H. Thornton and J. T. Smith. . .

... .. This business was followed by an auction of the year's papers, ruagazines and periodicals, which was under- taken by Mr. F.Cowdell. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks passed to the chairman on the proposi- tiox of Mr. It. Wylie seconded by Mr. S. B. Stringer.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE IVER PILLS.

Care Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, a,ml Sick Headaches promptly: and cure then), so as to stay airred. Chemists. is. 1.

Ll' . Small Pill. .44 Small Dor essi ER S 4) P: 4 - ITTI.E Forty • IVER Via rir-oly "-”,,id Li,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

BEAU FIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few deep. of SOZODONT,

the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth-and spa,ees between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. 2.5. 8d

4

===== 0002601_18950202_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
!

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRINGTON.

Notwithstanding the depres,ion in trade, &c., Wycliffe Congregational Church has managed to " hold its own," its income having been no less than £1,033 for the year 1894. The membership ot the church has also made a respectable increase, while the P.S.A.. Y.P.S., and S.C.E. are all in a satisfactory condition. All these statements were made at the annual tea meeting held in the Wycliffe schoolroom on Thursday evening last week. Following the Rev. J. Yonge's report there was an entertainment in which vari- ous members of the congregation took part. Mr. H. M. Ashton,who has now earned quite a reputation, gave two readings, in which his capa- bility for " pointing " American humour was fully evidenced. His success was as pronounced as it was merited. Miss Bessie Hutton had come from Moore in order to treat the Wycliffe audience to a sample of her splendid talents for recitation. She gave two recitations, one being grave and the other gay, but nevertheless, both were equally appre- ciated by the large audience. It was unanimously allowed that Thursday night's meeting was tar and away the most successful ever held at Wycliffe.

The magistrates are continually finding fault with shopkeepers who hang their articles for sale outside their shop doors, and thus give an oppor- tunity for persons who are dishonestly inclined to take them without much difficulty. The cases of thefts from shop doors which are brought before the magistrates are fairly numerous, and it must be getting monotonous to thosegentlemen to keep on telling each shopkeeper that he ought to take care of his goods. The ratepayers have also a grievance in the matter, for the cost of maintenance of tire prisoners during the period of their incarceration is a heavy charge upon the rates. How would it be fi the shopkeepers who by negligence had given the thieves an opportunity of stealing, were saddled with the cost of the prisoners while they were in gaol ? If this course were adopted, there would, 1 feel sure, be a marked abatement of the number of thefts from shop doors.

There has been a great amount of interest taken all over the country, over the quarrel which has re- cently taken place between the Bishop of Chester, and the " Times over the Gothenburg system. Both sides evidently lost their temper over it, and some hard blows were struck on either side. The Rev. H. B. Workman, M.A., the temperance secre- tary of the Lirerpool Wi.sloyan district, who spoke at Bewse2,--roF.:I IVesleyan G,urch on Thursday evening,last week,evidently believes that the Bis- hop of Chester had right on his side. He says,that the " Thunderer "has been tricked over this matter as it has over other matters well-known. He makes the strong assertion that the writer of the "Times" articles was connected with the liquor interest,and therefore was not a disinterested party to make the inquiry into the Gothenburg system. Mr. Work- man did not support the Gothenburg system out- -1 right,but still he was in favour of it if he could get no better. He is in fact net in favour of heroic measures. He believes in getting what he can, and then like Oliver Twist, asking for more. This is a policy for which a good deal may be said as it is to be expected that in temperance reform as in most other things one cannot get everything one wants all at once. A spirit of reasonableness, Mr. Work- man asksfor, and it is this which will prevail.

Mr. Workman attacked one anomaly, which all temperance men will heartily agree, ought to be abolishee.. That is the right, of the Quarter Sessions to overrule the borough justices' decisions. Wherein county justices are superior to borough justices it would 1)3 difficult to say, and therefore they ought to be dq rived of this power of vetoing the deci- sions of the " lower " court. It would not be unjust to describe some of the Boards of Quarter Sessions, as Publicans' Protection Committees,as they appear to be totally oblivious to any wrong doing of the publican who appeals against the closing of his house,and grant the appeal no matter what evidence is brought forward.

The Christian Police Association seems to be gaining ground in Warrington—a matter which cannot but give satisfaction to all right-minded people. On ',Monday evening, last week, the first annual meeting was held in the Masonic Room, Bold-st., when there was a very good attendance. The polies force was also well represemed, though most of them were in plain clothes, a fact which led one of the speakers, not knowing, to remark on the email number present. From the report which the secre- tary, Miss Bessie Dut ton, read, it appeared that the movement is progressing, and that other members of the force—influenced by their companions— were joining. There was plenty of speaking at the meeting, which lasted a considerable time, but the speaker-in-chief was undoubtedly the Rev. T. J. Madden, of Liverpool. Mr. Madden is an Irishman, and when he commenced speaking it was plainly manifest that he had more than his share of Irish wit. The first half of his speech 'fairly sparkled with witticisms and fun, while the latter part showed that the speaker was, as well as being a humorist, also a man of sense and deep religious feeling. Taking it as a whole Mr. Madden's speech was an excellent exposition of "wisdom, wit, and pathos." Hopes that the ~,,,•sociiition would in- crease in strength and influence were expressed by all the speakers, and its r Mu() was fully instanced by.the remarks from personal experience of two police officers from Manchester.

The members of the Board of Guardians were favoured on 1V ednesday. last week, with a visit from Mr. Jenner Fust, one of the Local Government Board !inspectors. Mr. 'Fust made a number of criticisens upon the workhouse, which no doubt will receive due consideration. The portion of the lions% which requires the greatest improvement appears to be the infirmary. The proposal to erect a new infir- mary has been frequently discussed by the old Board, who always appeared to be afraid of tack- ling it. Perhaps the new Board will he more courageous in T the matter. The Guardians" have,' I notice, appointed a Ladies' Committee to assist them in their work of Supervising the work- house. This is 'undoubtedly a move in the right direction, especially as the committee is likely to prove a very efficient one. .

mrdiano

During the past month ?he Ship Canal has been phenomenally busy, vessels big and little,continu- all passing along. Much of the extra business is attributable to th 6 new lines which have started with the new year. The Clan and Anchor lines have been largely represented, their boats also be- ing by far the largest. It is quite a refre,hing change to see the canal so busy with large vessels ranging from 330 to 360 feet long, and each and every one presenting an imposing appearance. It is also satisfactory to know that, notwithstanding the contrary reports of the papers antagonistic to the canal, the vessels have made the pas=age with- out any mishap worthy of the unneccessaty atten- tion bestowed upon them by "enemies." I have al- so heard—whether true or not that—the Ship Canal shares have risen 60, in the market,so that, with the increased traffic and promises of more to come. the general outlook of the Canal Company is not by any means as dark as some would wish to paint it.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND tEAUTY FOR YOU. Do you worry isecause you look so very pale, with lips almost white and feel as thrmrh nc.thin. could reQtore you to vigorous happy ? If so, take Cockhurn's Tonic Blood rills and atop worrying. They make cheeks like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all chemists in boxes at is., 2s. 6c1., and 4s. 6&., or per post 21. extra direct from the makerf., COCKBURN'S DRUG t•iTORE. Howard-st.. Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn : Messrs. SPEARMAN 8n05.,. 7. High-st.; Warrington: BOOT, Limited.

• 5 •

===== 0002601_18950202_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
10 PER CENT. IN GAS.

PERCENT. IN GAS.

fAVES 50 PEll CENT. IN GAS.

SIX VALID lISASO.NiS FOR IT IDOPTION. 1. It saves half your gat bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. Roan be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. Tha light is Moan, cool, steady, and brilliant. 5. It do a away with the impurities of gas. 6. It Is pleasant, simple, ancleconomical.

THE MOST PERFECT LIGHT. SUPEdIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT. AT ONHEIGHTIL THE COST.

Prices and full part eulars on application to the roll .win g• Agents : WAnauxuroN': CALDWELLS, LIMITED, 60, Hor.,emarket-stret4.-. RARLESTOWN: Mrs. E. NEEDHAM. ST. ItELENS: R. G. BROOK, Wolverhtmpton House. RUNCORN: IL BRANCH, 109, Gr,enwayilloact. WIDNES : H. BRANCH, Central hotel.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS ommT Cure Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use /1 kALI.I% ICE S OKIN _OINTMENT AN?) _ _

BLoO T D A BLRTS. WORLD-Wing R ItPUTATIO N Either Ointment or Tablets, Is. 10., from all Chemists ; post free h. 31.. from MARTIN. Chemist, Southampton.. Agent_ f BOOTS, Cesh Chemists, Warriugten. S P 343:MAN 27. Brbige-et., Runcorn.

T 0 WLE'S C HLORODYNE At.k for fliTl take 00 To WLE'SC HLORODYNE I„ED,„;„ T Oyq,E'SC HLOR OD YNE RELIEvz. . T 0 WL E'S HLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'SC HLORODYNEB=s, T OW LE'S C HLORODYNE CONIIITEPTIOY,! I OWLE'SCHLORODYNE AS rp 0 WLE'S C HLORO DYNE DIARRE,E4 TO WLE'SONLORODYNE SPASMS' Bce. 14a. per Bottie. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

CAMBURYS' 0000 A.—.. A suitable food alike fee building up the growing body, and for repairing the waste whieb is incidental to alt processes of life.'—" Health."

'ln the organism of man as in that of all the higher ahlmals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of , the structure are supplied by the Blood. It the mood diseased the b dy is di,eased " " Clarke's World-fsmed Blood Mixture' is a guaranteed cure for sll Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser es' • r discovered, am: It :till tree the sys,em from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Ser,fula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimp es and Sores of all kinds its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonial,,. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substituter.— Adrt. (7)

2 Dirt thinks itself the most abused ii MATCHLti,,S GLEANSILIi SOAP is tused.—ADVT.

• a at 0 that Sir G. 0. Morgan, on the opening of Pa I alma, will call attention as a matter of privilege tl e pride, edings ot the Duke of Westinins:er in raising a loud for the W. hdi o,ecti,••C. Damage estimated at £30,000 was caused by fire on Wedof slay At thehet,-d laetory of Messrs. Moore B othPrs. A-tr.n, near Birminal am.

is simply deplete blood. P the blood is made rich end healthy by Mi.+ nut of Scott's nmulsion, anwinia will Ise speedly cured. Scot's limulsion cures all blooddlseases. such as scrolula an I skin eruptions. It also creates healthy dealt and gives real strength.-5

===== 0002601_18950202_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IAVES

===== 0002601_18950202_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
X STOP.: ONE MOMENT.

"Oh d. a, Doctor, wii twill you recommend for my C h Idrer.'s Coui,ldi and Colds?" ThY.

(F. UDo R WILLIAW.," PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. Is never fails to give instant, relief and does not contda Lattdanurn, Opium. or Vlorphii

ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE k'lttT WEALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor °coop ttiol. awl are especially e posed to the ever varying climate ot Great Britain, Eel WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger b t go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF TIONN:Y.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and childnen. It cures when 111 other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds. Bronchitis, Asthma. TULA ess o the Chest. It cures tisousands of child en of Bron thitts and Whooping Cughs. I cures for One hiling %lien Pow.ds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT

If you have a Cough, try it; if hive a Cold, try it ;If you have Bronchitk, try it. It loosen, tb Pnlegrn an 1 pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth art comfort to the chest, and gives rtheshing sleep when hre lost nights of rest.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON.

NOW COMIIENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When yat are distressed by 4 Mis rah ie cold, nose bunged up, throat sore, limbs aching, with a general trellis tsf sti,othering, a few d ises of the Bid som of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it. There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up t i date : it triOx les rito all the system. A true frieud, prompt and reliable in its action.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to per3acle you to pu chase som th ng else, If you do you simply throw off the g.moine article and take on witi, t false one. Wonderful Cures D tily. Thousands of Te,t Is to Ihtn.t from all • parts of the World.

READ OF F;:RTHER.

SPONTANEOUS TWITIII3OS WORTIIY.OP YOUR CONSIDERATION.

Stn.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey h s prlved a mail valuable mediAne in our large family (e'gkt children). Alla soon as a cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose ot tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and his treatment is fo•lowed up until the cold disappears. Before using the B detain ti ur family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed th-y seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cAd is non them the action or the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BEETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Tuna

READ ON STILL FURTHER.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
March 16th, 1892,

A Carliff Chemi,f save have larger sales for 'rad° William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough 'Jure. That's the opinion oi all chemists

PUBLIC MEN SPEAR lIIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowial;, rthyr

Glamorgan, Ju!,-, " 2, DEAR SIR.—I must write to say that your Tudor Williarns Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the hest we ever had in the house. My bov David had a cough which shook him fr top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for it, • ant neither could anyone else in the house sl-ep hecauie of his barking. & few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured hiss; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chern;sts and Stores all over be World k Is. 11d, 28 9d,at re' 9s 61 bottles. Sample bottl tssent post paid for is 31 3s, and 58, from the Inventor,

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HAIL, ABERDARE. WALES.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WE LSBA CH SY, pCANDESuENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH symm. INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACII SYSTBIL

SAVES

!'STEM

===== 0002601_18950202_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Mnintatt Otrbants, tirr.

WANTED, a GIRL to assist in housework, good home.— Address 24 Ihston-st Hulme. Manchester.

WANTED, a Nurse Child. Good horne.—Apply Mrs. B. DANIBLEI, PArk-Isne. Poynton, nesr Stockport.

(GENERAL WANTED for small family.—Mrs. Joyce, 8 Adswood Grove. Stockport.

CLI.ENERIL Servant, go-d. WANTED, good r4erences reqtired.-3, Regent-road, Water-Areet end, blanches-

WAirTED young GENERAL; wash and iron ; kitchen serva, t kept. Apply peraoually Airs. WATTS, Rose Lea, trrmaton.

Dk.IiNGAGED. Parlour-ms.Jcil, Housemaids. Cooks, Lieneral,, Butlers. Hotel Servatite.—DAßN'S REGISTRY, Trench, Wellington. Shropshire.

GENICRA.L WASTIM, C•tth di: preferred, must wash, reference required, good home for suitable person.--43, Bt. Jame,-road, Blackbu n.

GSNRRAL SHRVADIT required. must have good personal character. -Mrs. Ilmu, CO, Lansdowne road, near With- ington Station, Manchester.

WANTI{D. a F. grads SIIIIVANT for housework; must be a goot railk-r, and a good charact-r.—JonN TuMLIII- - Farmer C.-awshawbooth '4anchester."

COOK GENBRA.L Wanted For P ynaouth, tamdy two, £2O. Houser/tall and Par ourna td kept, goad Generals Wanted.—PATActa 9 REGISTRY, Broal-st , Hanley.

__ 9ARDIINER WANTS SITUATION, single, aged 26, S single- anded,eight ye Ars'experience in vines, —Apply FRANK RIIEHEAD, off Irlatn-road, Flixton, Manchester.

"W ANTED, a good GENERAL for pubic; one that can wash with xmo character ' • good ways; family of three,—Arioress 111, Prlncess-st., Ma chester.

wANTED, Thorough GENERAL SERVANT; wash and iron; help given.—Apply, letter first, Mrs. McCaLsßy, With! gton near Manchester.

ANTED, a General SHRVAN , well trained, able to VV cook and wash ; private house —Apply Mrs. ASHBY, Gorsecldfa, Llandudno.

LAD lIS requiring superior SE RVA NTS should apply.— Miss HUDSON'S registry. Iriam-street. Warrington. Cooks and Pousema d waitresses waiting engsgem.nts

WANT HD experienced GENBR If. for Temper,ince Hat- ing HOUS*, between 18 and 20. God appearance.— Apply. Mrs. BIDDY, Bating /louse, oTbm/11w-street, Burnley.

1-111PW.TANT 10 LAD', S. —Diseng4ged Cooks, House- maids._L Nurses, Sewingmaids, Generals, Servants, imme- cHatey suited, stamp for particulars.—CENTßAL lit:Gls ICY, Wrexham.

CItILDFIEN'S MAID br MOTHEit'S lI4LP Wanted, t.o children youngest 4 years ; plain sewing ; comfortable situation ; good w ,ges —nrs. PIPE, 50, lidxeware-road, Hyde Park, Lond

CIOOKS, Kitehenrnaids, Helps, Hous.maids, Parton. maids. Nurses, General Setvants, Butlers, Coachmen. Footmen, Grooms. Gardeners, requiring Situations io London or country hotel or privAte.—Vii rite Mrs COSTER, registry, Glouceater.

WANTED. a Situation as Gardener ; single-handed or otherwise ; married ; nine years' experience in good places ; can e well recommended.—Apply to HEAD QAeDENiR,atn HAIL onglef on.

•CLL., ,Llll etsal.i.LA LlUEtl.b 11181:ITUT1ON, 10, idepe-st., Liverpool. Betel). 1878.—For reliable. Attendants. !dental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telearamb. " Nurses." Liverpool. leleplione, 67C.

lißatrimimp.

MATRlVONY.—lntrodurtioas arranged for all who wish to marry. —For particulars send six stamps to MADAM DE .rNIs,StA. Deanegat e, M web ester.

alanttb.

WA.NTED young country WOMAN to take cure of House. Box 55, " 11(xan3Iner " Offlee. Warrinxton.

AGENTS WAN [HD to push firiit-class Machinery Oils. Liberal Commissiou.—Box 31. Post 0111, Liverpool.

AGENTS WANTED. —Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Knives, Swamis, sundries, &c.—A. SAMBROOK, Aberdeen-et., SheffiAd.

WANTRD, Sr.fferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton,

WANT HD, YOUNG MAN, for work, good rharact-r, goo i tyngen to suitable m.,—U. WRIGHT. Farington. tear Trenton.

W------- ANT HD entire charge or child about 3, or would adopt; stale terms. Mrs. BorrEnwonTa, Bentley Hall, Difon, Burs. 0 RUN WANTED, £k6 per quarter. paid weekly. aplend,d opening ; specimens frec.—Aduress Comps Works. r arn worth , Bolton. Lar.es.

AIIiOLUTN LIME INSURAIiCIiI COMPANY, LIMITBLY, 1. Hartington-6t.. LirPrpri, , require an agent ; an -energetle paibmg man wili be liberally treated. -

BDOOM, Music. WANTBD, SECOND-HAND, vo or country.—J, H. MILLER, 181, Grent Jackson- at., 'Jaime, Manchester.

ARV kook ms, Coe, War and Commemorative Med a It Paintings, Drawings, Nngravings, Curios, WANTLiD —"CoLLECToR," Fernsitie Villa, B autby-et., Chelsea.

rCCONISTS commencing. Ill'd. fluids (259 pages) 3d. —Tostcconters' Co.. VA, Huston-road. Londm ettop-fltters tor all la-advs.—Manager, Hr. MYRRIR. Est. 1866.

/115 PkIR WHEK.—lllghly profitable and respectable. oc- X 0 aura' ion :no samples ;no canvassing ;strictly commer- cial euterprise.—StAnpped addressed envelope, for further information. to the ARVONIO CO., "Ebenezer,' Carnarvon.

• 110f3ACUONISTS and Mamie commencing should call or sand _L for our Price List. Competition clelled.—Goumnian's, Paredlee-it. Liverpool. 11 sisab hed 1850.

IDUCATIONAL.—Inapeotori or Weights and Meaaureg. Candidates eoashed for Board of Trade examination.— Buslueb• Academy, Colleeoretre,et. Rotherham.

yIBBRAL WAGES f3r work spare 'Ours, either sex. No menaing money ne.fore startit.g wotkers wanted every- where. Stamped addressed eT velope for repiy.-131LBEFIT MiTuttim 66, Weetwood-st., Peterborough,

VOIINIGN STAMPS.—Collectors WANTED to send for our approval Selections. Several thousand varietlea. Good apecimevas cheap. Collections bought. Reference or deposit regnirest.—Hvßßow STAMP CO.. 11. Chapel-walks. Liverpool.

IVSTAliffllD.—to purchase or exchange Household F URNI- - of every description, in large or swill quanti- ties ; pianos. sewing arvi wringing machines. Best price given. Prompt cash.—Apply ToxEs. furniture dealer, Market-street, Esrlegtown.

LEFT Off CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- warded, if not approved, goods returned.—LSMlCe GOR- aux New and Socond-hand Clothes Dealer. 32.6. 328, and 346, Manchester,

Deanerotte,

OBCOND-UAND DRBSS SUITS, Itllltary, Theatrical. Band Unif °eras and Liveries for sale or hire.—Jsatus Goa- lists, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, us. 328, and 346, Deaasgste, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectiy sew at a third cost price. Ja.

peril

OSIERY.—WAN r hll, Secretaries of Friendly Someties, Trade Societies. Managers. Foremen and others to sell direct from manufacturers, salary and commission, security required. Genuine increased income.—Apply with particu- lars, Fr. S.. " Elxaminer " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LAIR'S GOUT AND RINUMATIC PILLS

....... BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHIIUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT. LUMBAGO, end BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. SCIATICA. The acute pain quinkly relieved BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Prioe Is. lid. and 2s. 94 per Box

T

FIE POOR MAN'S FRIEND.

SKIN DISEASES. oTivLINT'I (VasAoLri;L'illlyß pre- SKIN E SKIN DISEASES. Fr an unfailing h.Lr'emßedßyErftorrs'wMorMDd'a of every description. Scorbutic, SKIN InSEASBS• Eruptions, Burns, Inflamed Eyes, de. SKIN DISEASES. --- SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE PILLS, For the BLOOD and Slaw, SKIN DISEASES. are very effectual in the cure of that form of akin disease which SKIN DISEASES. shows itself In painful cracks in the slain and scaly diseases. 4,0i1N DiAillie. sold st is is, la . 91., by the aro. 1.../ rioters, Bridport,and bf Ottatabto

emys, Kibr,&torit,_ szr.

STORE; PIGS for SALE, large quantity, all sizes. delivered free.—Apply PIED BULL 110 TEL, near Sta, ion, Newton-

(AN SALIS.--H OMB, lq hands, quiet, 11,nIthy, and good N,fi worker, suit van or light lurry.—Apply ti. HODGE, Midge Hall, near Preston, each :

-N2-011 NG cock C NAMES, splendid singers. ss. 1 also young hens, 3/- each; pair 7/6. GIRRATT,Aeopham, Kent.

ATAGNIFICENT White Leghorns and Golden Wyandottes (Abbotts, Cocks. Butterfield's strains) Priz..l winners: Eggs 3s. Sd. sitting.--BunNicLE,Redmire, Ley-burn. -

DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Goal Dealers' Labels wholesale anci ret —HALL. ..53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

Nit,r AnTli CURE never tails to cure canaries, V See you get Welham's Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

Obipping_Alottrez.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

'ADEL AIDE, NIELBOURNE and 6YDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

i\TEW ZEALAND. TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe Cape Town. And at Hotairt. &a.

cipartmtnt4,jurnishtb llotises, &I.

Q OUTHPORT.- Superior Apartments ; Drawing room ; on or two bedrooms. Inclusty° moderate terms.— Mrs. BRIBTOWE, 33, Armadale-road. off Fromenade. QITTINGHOOM and BEDROOM TO LET for one or two kJ Gentlemen, terms moders.te.-25, Freglaall-Isne, War- rington.

4,211NNT SOUTHSEA.—Paying GUIIST received, Near 1.7 churches. trams Clerical reference given and required. —VERA.. 58, St. Andrew's-road.

PSW IC IL —Superior HO M H ii Gentleman's house, (good table.) Suitable for retired Lady or Gentl.man. refer- ences.—Apply, Mrs. MASON, bank House, Princes Street. Ipswich.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS IN A FEW HOURS THEY OAVB ME RELIEF.

17ADIVS puts. West street, Firgrove. "Rochdale, December 14th,18E9. FADE'S pmts. " Dear Sir,—l have had the Gout In my big toe tor six years 6111 EADE'S )ILLS. and off in spite of the numerou liniments and pills I bought. A length my brother advised me to try your pills. So I sea or a small bottle, Is. lid, and am pleited to say nothing vet did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF. and in four days 'could wear my boot and go to Mistimes. GOUT The second bottle mad e me al I rhetit oar has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM willsnea-ivl rr bemwm!thenod t. all yattfkiaw ptells: d h é1 OUT —Yours truly, " A. CHADWICK. -t) HEUMAT ISM "Mr.G.Earle."

.111) EADS'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

Prepared only by George Enda. Goswell-road. London. E.G.; and Sold by all Chemist& in Bottle& ls. 10. and 2e. 9d EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

BASH Spring Rocking CHAIR, Payments taken. upholstered In fine Brussels 17/6 Carpet

ARE Old VIOLIN, powerhil Payments t ken. tone, and lain splendid condi- tion, with Bow complete

OSIERS for Sale, suitable for Bas et and Crate making.— Address Mr. Mtmus, Bolea worth, Tattenhall, Chester.

STAMMERING Cured. Any person afflicted thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, White Bridge Cottage. Newton- le-Willows, personally or by letter.

QPECIFIC MIXTURE,for Male or Female,ln bottles 26.6 d. k) and 4s. 61.; cure guaranteed —JONES, 51, Butter- market- street, Warrington.

[)LAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify 1 1 complexion ; gross, poet free le.—lxmAN and Co., Edinburgh.

_ UXTRAORDINARY VALUFI.—FuII dress length beautiful 1,_14 black or blue serge, 53. Ild., cart kg° paid.—BRADFORD WOOLLEN CO:, 276, neion Arcade. Bradford

I N SALE, MANURE WORKS,WIdoes, and Gas Worksand ki Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. Homo, 18, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool.

JT AMES' Handsome Gold CHAIN, neat design, eondition .1 new, suitable present—Bargain Ts. 9d. Approval will- ingly. Mrs. SHEPHERD Selby-road Leytosistone.

BRITISff ARMY BLANKETS, 2s. each. Bft. ions. 6ft. wide ; all wool ;or 20s per doz. Sample post free. 2s. 6d. from 11. J. GASSON. Government Contractor, Rye.

VUSINESs.—To be disposed oi cheap as a going concern, a Jug Fried Fish and Potato Bu Riess carried on in Lord-st., huncorn.—Apply T. FEARNRIT, 18 and 18, High-street, Runcorn.

PAINT MIXING—NOW Book-1000 Practical lrade Re- cipes, Instructions or Mixing and using Paints. Oils, Colours. Illustiatsd with Colours AAA Tools. Fro° 21. J. TosttAti. Queen's Road, Barnsley. Yorkshire.

AW A DIR D FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887. and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Pietur'b hrame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two mill:on feet always in stock. Veneered and tansy wrod mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every descrltstl n. oleographs, Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesal.- Carver and Gilder. Eve,y requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipitt,g orders. Pull particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 razes) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great ot. Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stock lists sad prices of glass measly. tree.

.0,:•;ry

===== 0002601_18950202_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
I

, ,;;"•"

•.$

the " Cratruntr " rtt

PREPAID ADVERTISE:if. ENTs. coming under the following heads are Inserted In ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE DIIAROD. as Per scale given below. SITIJATIwNB WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSELIPS WAN ED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONET WANTED. SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOI.IB WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 .36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement Inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 2. 1895.

lircllanou€.

lldUaiitiu.

Oates bp clartion.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Aqustral instrununts.

GOOD STEAM BNGINH and BOILER to he SOLD cheap 51. Gr ivenor-st.. Manchester.

ON NALIO mVABxR Tl/I.ciLer. tNiaGttl VN,;(3iiien.ll:v7lgli.nnd er.—A pp I

Oburattan.

BRAND'S BEEF BouILLo. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON A MOST NIITTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BBVERAGB.

Mad. by tbe Simple Audition et Belling Water.

At a Cast wit.ftln the reach of all.

U. LIIILE 3T,11.1110111-51., i.rrAuL.w

Bloats, eassintuts, Carriage% Zsrt

MILK DANDY on Sale.—Apply to Mr, Jolts }Latour. sen., Long-lane, Orford.

br att.

MO LHT.—House off BewaPy-road (3 bedrooms), rent 46.6 d. 1 —Apply Ashton and Woods, Solicitors, H ors ern ark et-at, . Warrington.

J'OUSH TO Mfr.—March, or before; semi-detached; conttining seven rooms and good cellar —4, Paul- street, Warrington.

rro TAIT.- GOOD LOCK-UP SHOP iii Horsemarket- _lL street; rent moderate- Apply WILLtAst I.lomiwrs, 19, Bridge-street, Warrington.

HOUSES TO Ell LET. --Pleasantly situated opposite Ship Canal Lock, Late Word, reduced rent.--S. J. SHAZISHIPT, Grappenliall.

iIIiNTLAMAN'S RBSIDISNCH TO LHT, Central com- kA modious rooms, capital Gantt try arrangements. Rent reduced to £36 and taxes.—Apply Thos. CoWDELL' Bstate Agent and Valuer. Warrington.

DR. J. CoLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYESH. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wenderfol and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for XJ Coughs. C(msurnidlon, Brenobttls, and Asthma. (:111LOItODYNE effectually checks and arrests these too often fatal dis ases.—Diphtheria,Fever,Croup,

A6e. HLORODYI'H acts like a charm in Diarrhea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLORODYNE effectually cute short all attacks V of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms. 0111,0RODY NE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, ao. From Dr. fl, J. BOULTON PAM CO.. HOMICAStIe. We have made pretty extenoive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Soda. tive and Antrepasmodlc. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tbm in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other'siedatives ; that it ifinV,A no unpleasant after elects, " Earl liusseh communicated to the College of Physicians that tie tee-dyed a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the .ffect that Molt-La had been raging fearfully, and ' that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODiNIL" —See Lance , let December, 1864. eIAUTI.ON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.- Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that , Dr. J. Cot LIS BPOWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNR " ad that the story of the detendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 1d . 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CELORODYN " on the Uovernment Stamp, Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. ' SOLIS MANUFACTURER.9.—J. T. DAVIiNFORT, 33, Great Lasseihst., 131 ow litrb Leue.ou..

===== 0002601_18950202_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Rieltti ribatt Ertatp.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
T E EX A ;MINE 11,

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2 1895.

TILE leaders of the Liberal Party Mr. Morley arid persistently refuse to display that Mr. Asquith. spirit of abject dejection which Unionist orators say they ought to be possessed of at the present time. In fact, there was a tone of cheery optimism in the speeches which Mr. MORLEy and Mr. AsQUITH delivered at Newcastle on Wednesday. Yet have we not been told on the high authority of Tory newspapers that both the IRISH SECRETARY and the HOME SECRETARY are so hopeless of tho results of the next elec- tion that neither of them intend to again con- test the seat for which he now sits ? So lately as the beginning of the present week it was very positively stated that Mr. ASQUITH had finally decided to abandon East Fife and to seek a "safe? seat in England, and as for Mr. MORLEY it has been an often repeated tale that he does not intend to give the electors of Newcastle the chance of rejecting him. Both these charitable fictions were ruthlessly disposed of on Wednes- day. Mr. ASQUITH will again contest East Fife against all corners, in spite of the"stupid and male- volent fictions" of Tory newspapers, and Mr. MoRLEY has unabated confidence in his con- tituents on the " coaly Tyne." Mr. MORLBY's connection with Newcastle as its representa- tive extends over about twelve years, and in that time he has fought six victorious contests, the last one being the most remarkable victory of all. With such a past as this it would indeed have been strangely at variance with Mr. MORLEY'S known characteristics had he shrunk from another contest, however bitterly and stren- uously it may be fought by his opponents, and his supporters now have hiseassurance that" nothing will prevent him from putting his heart and soul into the next fight as he put them into the six fights before." The speeches of the two ministers were, all through, of a vigorous aggressive type. Mr. ASQUITH keenly criticised the" beggarly array of halting and reactionary suggestion" which is to take the place of dprogramme for the Unionist party, and the divergences which he pointed out between the views of Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. Ciremaxitr,Arpr will, it may be expected, have awkward consequences if these two gentlemen ever get into official harness together. The Liberals have, as Mr. ASQUITH also pointed out, ever since 1892 been engaged, in the face of great obstruc- tions and difficulties, in giving effect to the Newcastle programme, and a further instal- ment of the same programme will be the work of the coming session. He expressed a hope that three measures—the Factory Bill the Coal Mines Bill and the Truck Bill—which would make the conditions of labour safer and more humane might be passed with the consent of all parties. We are afraid that, in view of past experiences, Mr. ASQUITH is taking too high an estimation of the public spirit of. his Parliamen- tary opponents. They have not hitherto in the course of the present Parliament shown any very strong desire to improve the condition of labour, and there is little reason to expect that their ardent wish to injure the Government will be restrained by any solicitude for either the Factory or the Mines Bill. Mr. MORLEY'S speech was mainly devoted to a consideration of the state of Ireland and the prospect of the coming Land Bill. As far as administration goes, Mr. MORLEY'S two or three

===== 0002601_18950202_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY AT EA.ItLESTOWN.

years as Irish Secretary show a record of which he • may well be proud. During 1894 agrarian crime, which has always been the most disastrous form of crime in Ireland, sang to a lower level than it has been at since 1875 ; and, taking crime as a whole, including agrarian, the figures are less than they have been before since 1837,the year in which they were first taken. This is not a bad achievement for one of those " miserable and ridiculous creatures —a pLilosopher," as Mr. MORLEY laughingly de- signated himself. It is now said tkat the Opposi- tion have decided to make a great effort to oust the Government at the very commencement of the session, and there are some cogent reasons for believing that this is a correct forecast of their intentions. One .of these reasons is the fact that Mr. Morley has framed a Land Bill . which he will submit to the House of Corimons at the earliest opportunity. This Land Bill is calculated to cause a good deal of. embarrassment to the leaders of the Unionist Party. The Protestant farmers of Ulster are as strongly in favour of the Bill as their Catholic countrymenin other parts of Ireland, but the Toil landlords are dead against it. How are the Unionists leaders going to reconcile these contend- ing claims? If the Bill comes to a division in the House of Commons, Mr. MORLEY anticipates the no less than ninety-two or ninety-three per cent. of the representatives of Ireland will vote for it. That number will includestich militant anti-Home Rulers as Mr. T. W. RUSSELL and Sir THOMAS LEA, and this will be an awkward demonstration of the " rift in the lute 1 which is to make Irish Unionist music mute. The Ulster tenants are apparently thoroughly in earnest in their demand for this Laud Bill, and it is just possible that, when they see they are deprived of its benefits by the Tories in Parlia- ment, they may come to the conclusion that this interest lies in a political combination with the Nationalists with whom they have heretoforebeen k at variance. Under these *circumstances it i 8 , highly probable that the Opposition will endear.: • 101 our to upset the Government coach soon after the opening of the session, in order that the Land Bill A amongst other popular measures may never be reached.

AMONGST the many adminstra- P.oer Law Administration. tive efforts to improve the lot of the "common people" which have been made by the present Government the circular which has just been issued by the Local Government Board may be enumerated. There ie now a wide-spread feeling that the administration of the poor law ought to be relaxed in some directions, and Mr. SHAW-.LEFEVRB, the Presi- dent of the Local Government Board, has taken advantage of the recent changes in coneection with Boards of Guardians, to point out at least some of the ways in which these relaxations might be made. It is mentioned that whilst work- houses were originally provided chiefly for the re- lief of the able-bodied in distress, and their ad- ministration was intentionally deterrent, the sick, the aged, and the infirm now greatly predominate, and this has led, or should lead, to a change of the spirit in which relief is given. Boards of Guardians are encouraged to humanise their methods, if we may use the term. It is pointed out that old couples who were perforce separated under the old law upon entering a workhouse,maY now be allowed to spend their latter days in each other's company. The appointment of pauper inmates as assistant nurses in the hospital, which is sometimes done out. of a mistaken economy, is strongly discountenanced; while, on the other hand, the policy of electing ladies' visiting committees, which has, we are pleased to eat, been adopted by the Warrington and Runcorn Guardians is comraended. With regard to the children, the advice of of the Local Government Board is well worth sot" ing upon. The Board notes with satisfaction an increase in the practise of sending the children ) out for education to the elementary schools, suggests that wherever possible they should ale° ' be allowed to attend the Sunday schools of the , denomination to which they belong. In fact, the course that is advised, is, that the children who, through no fault of their own, have to rely upon public maintenance should be encouraged to nolc as far as possible with other children of their own age, at school and at play, and in order to further this end they should not be clothed in a way that will distinguish them from others. This is all gon(! scam 4 advice, and it is to be hoped that Boards 01 Guardians will act upon it.

A LUXURIOUS RESORT IN BOLD-ST. , Ll VE RP 00L. One of the most enterprising of Liverpool's husineee 1 firms is that of Messrs. lrirklaiwi Brotht-rs, the swell- ! known confectioners, bakers of Vienna bread, and 109' taurant proprietors, who have just opened a new cafe, dining-ro:im, and restaurant on premises (32, Bold-50' which have been spwciallv designed and constructed t'°., ; accummodate the business, and finished in the MO"iJ artistic and luxurious manner, as disclosed by a gl4l3„ce ' round the building. The shop and restaurant ocCulYe , the whole of the ground floor of the premised, '''',„, Boer itself being constructed of Iron and concre,,";.l .1 and thus made fireproof. The total length Of ,t".";., room is about 95ft. by 211 t., and it is divided T.- '1 three sections by two handsome richly-carved ima„,u°: : gaup screens with central elliptical archways. 1.-- front section is to be occupied as the retail sh it and the central portion is arranged as a cafe, wb' r ' the rear section will serve as a restaurant. The fid% i. throughout is laid with specially-designed mosaic, aP.h ~, the walls ate coated up to the height of 11 feet richly coloured tiling, with spaces alternately filled wit bevelled mirrors and painted tile panels. The tiling " I surmounted by a richly-decorated fibrous plaster trials extending to the ceiling, Which is of the same materi!tl ' divided into panels by molded beams. The whole of the 1 1 fixtures and fittings of this floor, including the counterg show-cases and screens, office, still-room, tga,s a d 1 exectuted in mahogany work of special design, 114, every part displays in rich and elaborate characters t , beauty cf the material selected and the quality of the workmanethip. 'rue staircase at the rear of the premises and leadint! 1 to the upper floor communicates with a ladies' re'lrj4; room, which again is handsomely tiled, and is rsict • complete in every respect. The basement hsia bee's" utilised for a grill-room, and gentlemen's smokine-reer% ; &c., the walls being tiled in gold coloured tiltwAa4 ; embossed foliage. The several rooms are divide"o , screens finished in ivory colour, with figured Pti t ~ panels, «r with ornamental glazing. One of the Vie important features in the whole establishment ls .ser , position of the kitchen, which is placed on an tliPv floor. Regarding the whole, it is not easy to conceive 93,,c; admirably arrange d or more artistic premises than tri 0. which Messrs. Kirkland Brothers are about°Peere„ The front to Bold-street is in itself an attractive le/I't le executed in Spanish mahogany. It carries out thets Jew which the firm and their architect have adopted in from other premises, and is in itself a striking departure the ordinary modern shop front.

The Earlestown EDOIIf zer Lodge of Good Templar/ . held its weekly session on Tuesday everiinff in operative flail. Br— A. Morris, C.T. presid;d.and there_ was a good attendance of members 'and visitors. T bje: candidates were proposed and receivec. into member:s'l'i Bro. J. Singleton, L.D.. read digest of Dictrict to be held at Liverpool on t 4 a rurdav • and also digest 0:. Ne. 1 Convention to be held at Wer;ington aod alit. communications, after which the programme of the eV; mg was gone into, it being "Bran Pie," the e.nt,,e4rof of which were much enjoyed by the members. vc";‘, a the Ca. thanks to those responsible brought the meeting •- C.i.ze. r

,•.v• 1 I , , 4 3 a- ot .eh cite >cal .e is tion sine resi- alter( ction least night work- he re- lit' ad- le sick, ninates nge of ards of 3 their pointed 3parated iuse,may s in each f pauper tal, which onomy, iS the other visiting K 1 to say, gton and ad. With advice of 1 worth act- isfaction fl he children ichools, anti should also dsools of the In fact, the :hildren who, to rely upon raged to Mil n of their Ovin •der to further in a way that This is all good that Boar & of EN BOLD-ST. .iverpoors business roth,-rs, the wen- n' bread, and ret?' opened a new cafe. nises (32, Bold-St.), and constructed to. inished in the mom' inclosed by a glance reetaurant occupY if the premised, the ! Iron and concr' eto total length of WS , nd it is divided Into richly-carved Inaba - Meal archways. The as the retail shoe! nged as a este white restaurant. The floor y-deisigned mosaic, sou height of 11 feet With is alternately filled with e panels. The tiling ill ed fibrous plaster friezei is of the same material, 'egn3B. The whole of the '. including the cou°ters. ie, itc., are„ : of special design, aria elaborate characters the • J and the quality of tbe the premises and leadins tes with a ladies' ro•irieg- lomely tiled, and is mos 6 The basement has Dee* :entlemen's smoking -Koine in gold coloured tiles and eral rooms are divided b 7 colour, with figured satin :1 glazing. One of the WO whole establishment is the ich is placed on an OPPer not easy to conceive Mere 'e artistic premises than those Brothers are about in itself an attraeive festUre. (any. • It carries out the style tchitect have adopted in their self a striking departure foul ) front. Y AT EA.ItLESTOWN. zer Lodge of Good Templars on Tuesday evening in the Co- Morris, CT., presided.and there of members and visitors. Three A and receivec into membershiP:, . read digest of Dictricten Counnl :4arurday ; and also digest 0t held at Vrarrington and other which the programme of the ever ; being "Bran Pie," the conteri njoyed by the members. Votes 0 to ,uslble brought the Eneeting

===== 0002601_18950202_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SCALDING ACCIDENT Al' RUNCORN. Geor Loch geFryer, aged 18 month..., of liunes-court. Runcorn, eon of George Fryer. sustained ativ ..ere scalds on the legs on teaturday. The child's 74'oer had been charring at Weston, leaving the httle tee. ones at home in charge of a girl 14 years of In the evening the kettle containing boiling i e'er fell from the bar, rind George, who was play- tritiß on the hearth, received some of the contents on lo! legs. lie is under the attendance of Dr. Robin- and his assistants. coat tXees Bell the b tquality tgoods at lowest possible PliCes.-Advt. TEE RECENT CAMDEN BAZAAR. ei2h Monday evening, a meeting of those who as- at'''ed the recent bazaar in connection with leatadeu Wesleyan Chapel, was held in the school- b Del. After tea, meeting was held, presided over Ye, th on Le Rev, T. Brackenbury and he was supported %eke platform by Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P. ,C.C., -• Seckett, A. Harrison, J. Dutton, J. Nancollio, and De. bees eeetield. A statement of accounts was read e't• J. Dutton from which it appeared that after all eetinte - expenses, there was in hand a SUM of .012° Thie has enabled the trustees to liquidate an eto debt, and also provided funds for the renovation ee the building. The report, which was considered Mer/ePttlefactory, was edopted on the motion of the."eekett, eeconded by Mr. Speakman. The hie Irrean called upon Mr. Beckett to give a abort th„tetY of the undertaking, and in complying with benriu;threigttuee:it, spoke of the hearty co-operation of the and all concerned, stating that the ite teat Passed off without the slightest hitch or un- eaeantnes 'A • confirmed be Mr. Speak- thee v :11 was the ladies of rites of thanks were passed to e meeting, to the stallholders, and to the eter,em. Mr. Harrison and Mr. Dutton, secretary rtee`e'easurer were also thanked for their services. 441-I)'lt's Bell everything for the smallest possible profits SONS OF TEMPERA.NCE, Ruerconer. Mr. S keeti •M. Temperley, jun., presided at the weekly teee,j ~s!"g of this order on Saturday, when an in. Holt, gee fling report was given by Mr. Thomas J. biv):: the representatives to the Cheshire Grand eyhieeeen meeting. He explained the new rules teteeee were adopted for the Cheshire district after ere- e'racted sittine• guestionlhad been agitat- thße hientibe'rehi'p. for a considerable time, and the D''eeeniatives congratulated the members that -- were carried with unanimity. The With cr officers which took place was attended (ere the following results :—Mr. Thomas Heath, 4.1417:), eGr•W.P. 'Mr. Samuel Henderson (Runcorn). rilce-:;„'dr. S. M. Temperley :(Runcorn), grand e/ibe r. Jnhn Jones (Runcorn), treasurer; Mr. ()VO4,7ert, (Chester), conductor; Mr. Thomas Ford ilelltie,-11)* chaplain ; Mr. .1. Leicester (Northwich), ; Mr. J. A. Hamilton (Chester), auditor ; eat:l'm:eon:las Cooke (Runcorn), grand patron of 'lnd Masers. Thomas lies som (Runcorn), treet--eg (Crewe). and Edward Hughes (Chester), deeideeP• The Committee of Management it was Nth), ;11 should consist of the fourprincipal officers %reit A:Afollowing additions—Messrs. Heinle] Els- ttod 411°rna8 Whyte (Runcorn), Nodal' (Winftford) hided ,e eßev. Mr. Wynn (Chester). It was also dc- -0 cold the next meeting in July, at Weston. NIL rePort was adopted. 'katas BLA.CB BLENDSDMI. 21.1. per quarter lb.- he " I'UNERAL MRS. COUTBUR. CatheOrtal remains of Mrs. Le Couteur, whose e etenwn,se,Lecorded in our last issue' were interred "taet cernetery on Saturday afternoon. About tfliq /20cl0ck the costesv left the house of Cap- effree-7‘'e"nteur Trentham-ste and a large number 4%4 WI Walked in advance of the heave,. Amonget ell,elter:te Rev. J. a Simpson, Dr. Mangan, Dr. `4,elttie„-`"e. l capt4' Heasley and Carier,Meeera. Jas, Glreenway7 Millington, T. Houghton. T eghten, reit ,T. Outhwaite, Thornhill. Walker, ,P. Bon-etair;herlain, H. Branch, Ed. Rosenberg, Jarnee Wilding, John Davies, 8. Coven- ' Ifee;'lleeeY (Widnes), and Weldon. The follow- ,eelvreierie tee bearers : Messrs. R. Roberts, Richard -4tle hthi Sarouel handiest and M. Edwards. Two eatipti.ldlg coaches succeeded the hearse which were Lain ee,p_hY Messrs. Yarwood. They contained Cap- or, Mr. Philip LeConteur, Mr. Francis :eat A eur, ler. Clifford LeCouteur, and Messrs. Itelttlit'b'.ndriee,rtch, Andeetan, W. A nderton and Thos. 'le funeral service wail conducted by the floe • NW' Pacin, Congregational minister. Many ie ith7 fri d ete - the N tql geth ered round the grave,which J.Zethe eeneonformiet portion of the cemetery. h to Peek au been contributed by Mr. and Mrs. J. tea, )41.11ant Mr. and Mrs. Walker, Mr. W. Ander- il`nr. hod ‘?ntiey (Nantwich), Mr. and Mrs. Wiese, pl4rtftklYirk Hetherington and daughter. The eene e. owe ear. R. Morris. alum Is the best menet, ean bny.-Adot. c)tat the 1111117:50aNS GOOD CLIAILS.CTER. litt.tnittee, I"lngi of the Chershire Standing Joint 1,11 'll at Cheater on Saturday, Mr. Ralph 4tht leg to the decrease of drunkennessesaid te)--ef I In the :erY gratifying to notice that Runcorn Gr top of the tree." (Plear,hear, and laugh- r, ime Netei tY now c0,..8cn 'aid that the condition of the het Moat sett-Pared with that of fire years aeo oepe that the•"flactory, end it was very pleasing to thjetonth 1.4 returna of drunkenness were now lleheleerenee it,red. (Applause.) tie thought that. Aerlnte (3f the nese", doe not AO much to the sober fele"'e dliring'4"Ple as to the vigorous action of the thee_the Chief the Past few years. Thi4,he thought. cenidn` canse of the wholesome change. If lere-eht thee. °t; make poople sober by Act of Par- t:44Ni e,"old at least by Act of Parliament IfieeMZ peenrerahne •ngaged in the side of drink Pre ;43' Thee drunk for the purpose of gain. ( Ap- lea thented pohEchoe by their vigorous action had leiihsalt did av"ilearni selling as much drink to people tile-ley wa Years ago, and he trusted that Col, eere the sthe eeo °aid enaeurage his men to continue pie! 'lewd "e or action. end that in live years thetle:)--eh.lie ta corresponding improvement. (Ari- ta et Ile proph' • SPealemen said that he was elad heweneoen PCY made five years ago in reference leo, ever, , been fulfilled. (Appleume.) ITe wag. w„etiotiice that the Clad to --Nit coente not only Runcorn aeot e. a tnso era ly bed improved. (Applause.) thin eietpeas te.l(,)tlakineon said that perhaps the pre- at,evß eo do et I:retailed in Runenrn hail some- ha e with the decreame in the drunkenness 43. (ani-eeht rieore etet.„ere—hut he trtieted that this Preen,r( ot effaire would continue when Speekeetts times had returned. (Hear, heir.) breeß ho "L"n *teemed 31r. Tomkinenn that the ne ti" had (311. chtitenderl, tke ieceeesed drunken- at he , ern slnuty title in the Qurplus population teat tinetnoi„i7, zfuncern. (Apple nee.)—The report ineeeethe ,adopted .—SI r. Grevefton moved Constable in his future reports in ethe tie. "'nal etatement N tahuleited form tt eachpele7.o"oet.of crime other than drunkenness On, ho isioniU the county. The clues- ee d ; Until thweeer, w ,reekeei e next _ .e erred, alter ‘nme diecuseion, wan to disen uot!.eting, the Chief Constable being leraet: ye'. in the meontime whether the Idea cezzata, 'cable one or not. 3 LTI-Z21.; the gt.mLa, LLe

ST. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. There was a very good attendance at, the meeting of the St. Paul's Bible Class, held under the presi- dency ot Mr. B. Kai veton, on Sunday. In addition ' to an interesting Bible lesson expounded by the chairman, a solo entitled, " Beautiful ±.and," was well given by Mr. B. Crosby. Mr. Wm. Cooke was the organist, and he also performed an organ solo. COLLIER'S FRESH IRISES DAIRY BUTTER, 10. i. per lb., xeellent.—Advt. BETHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CLASS, RUNCORN. •

At the weekly meeting of this class on Tuesday evening in the Bethesda Lecture Room, the Rev. J. Simpson introduced the members of the class to the works of Mr. J. M. Barrie. He spoke of him as a master writer and referred to his powers of pathos and humour. The rev, gentleman also dealt with, and crWcised the works of Barrie. There was a fair attendance, and an interesting and instructive hour was spent.

I'l ' re , re , 'to t . tike ,• th - oel le , att .!.tttle ate •• 111,i4 .ale It 'en a Coy, Prtoe; hated ~41111di CI 0 tn th. by • the !lid iji Oyur, `ueetit, tlB5.- 1 et th .tery .9.r. 13 hi alrre, t,atery req 11441o:tit I)lzaar raeasant than' / v::::rBkaewr ittrlnttcint,t;l7l M• r. z!eting W.restiaß of th w• elch ink'rotreal the tha re r - the ,eP'es elea4'" tioll ivrT) the 61;17e) heh • A acriv; • h 11:7.; N 1 mberti 4.8t0nl " earl TbOti. to eta; he trol:erin 400.3_‘eeP! • bued sh. • the IC aicre• the 01 Re h - reponri 414.1,41inva Th rti tit ern *ett wortc thtuncn e et el° ,ti_2-ter.7eure the'nende vitae," -8 Litkeni.r" 71. Ca .I!;RhtcnreAe 'ehe tilt• , qtr'at,:':(lv; Ea:ate ' 41044rd0. thlog"n coa te 14t LeVY ° e'e ,a ate . A ur, 34 th'neictrtnt tßtoecr. The f ,roe;iBi°3l)lc Ittllttinv 4 tea e Non" thm , nad b It hir.113411, tznri. .ead uentl4 ttek're• g a EntA th Iltug elav tne C ihtt Ittee tbilt a tefp 1,41 tit w .rring IN. in th" t 0 Ifr ItOt ) top • Gre wee •Y new 11 hot@ e()I1 zery ht ;t1"41 1,111 )1140CC I,l;l°eren te rie 01 th 1" dur' " De( rh_ the O.I,PQ' th, 114,70 ettaidiet Cl b th ter„eete nnt. altrntl "a pee ih" 1)114111z 11 c.-oe I)ere ') 71151" d tchted It Pubpliol di _ ..c th:aereie:, live 3: theB44l W e 08h c)4 ol'4 th'itathe) t4ee hur• Pa hcl IM 'rePh corn eeY eO,-;•ad to iNtrewr°ll: tatiße t° t th'c t."4:1. 111171 ivt t e hh 'Pero °f os had tn"n at 14 that tlae 41 both h 1.1:1,100rz Cr ad c„"11 ainn that nnenitne lib th_ tlior ronogh t „"t1 Chief r R t nnh i 4491 t' -11r4 ionPOl' "et h° ttflt thweve' liked e next% -118 a 07_8 it to dis -t toe 1 Pre nnve Cabi Cozy._ etir 3 e or zurzrz

===== 0002601_18950202_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CHANGE AT RUNCORN.

Sergeant Woolley, who has been stationed hi the Runcorn district for eight years, is to be removed to Astbury, near Congleton. lie is to be succeeded by Sergeant Brewster wits) will come from Ince, near Ellesmere Port. During the time Sergeant Woolley has been stationed at Runcorn he has most efficiently performed his duties, lie was a member of the Sr John Ambulance Association, in which he took an active interest. Ile has been in ill-health for some time and his medical adviser re- comended a change, and to this request assent has been given. SHOP ASSISTANTS BALL A.T RUNCORN. There were about sixty couples present at the third annual shop assistants ball held in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday evening. The hall had been lavishly decorated for the occasion by Messrs. Kelly, Wilkins and Co., of Liverpool. Mr. Ravenscroft's band was in attendance, and gave every satisfaction. Dancing was kept up with zest until the early hours of Thursday morning. Refreshments were supplied by Mr. Dutton, of Wilson's Hotel, Runcorn. _ .

A SUCCESSFUL fturrcont TUDENT. At the Colleeei of Preceptor pupils' examination which was held in December, Ernest Brereton (pupil of Mr. H. W. Jukes, Churchfield House, Runcorn) was successful in passing in the 3rd class, 2nd division_ BUXTON'S DIORAMA AND NEAPOLITAN CHOIR.. This well-known and highly popular Neapolitan choir will visit Runcorn on Tuesday next for one week only. In addition to the niLthtly entertain- ment there will be an entertainment for children on Stiturday afternoon, and two grand sacred concerts cn Sunday. Further particulars will be found in our advertising columns. SUCCESSFUL LOCAL EXHIBITORS. •

At the fifteenth annual Liverpool dog and poultry show held this week, Mr. Ball, of Higher Runcorn, was awarded the third prize for his Irish wolfhound, dog or bitch open. Mr. C. 11. Coadwick of Halton road, Runcorn, was highly commended for his ex- hibit of a St. Bernard dog. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVENIENT .CLASS.

The weekly meeting of this class on Wednesday evening was well attended. The chairman was Mr. T. imister. A paper was read by Mr. John A. Smith, jun., on "Tobacco—its industry and use." The subsequent debate was taken part in by Mr. Millington, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Dodd.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
- PROPOSED AGED PRnsoNs TREAT AT RUNCORN.

The adjourned meeting tor the consideration of the feasibility of holding this treat this year, was held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Monday even- ing. Mr. 'raison occupied the chair, and there were also present: Revs. Dr. Gastaldi and J. Stafford, ktessrs. Taylor, Sweetman' T. E. Williams, E. Key, , W. Dudley, W. Crosby, T. Wood, T. Reynolds, W. Shaw, J. Robinson, S. Coventry, and J. D. Jones and W. Millington (secretaries). The Chairman gave the report of the proceedings of t'm sub-committee, and stated that a sufficient sum would be forthcom- ing without calling upon the general public for the treat to be given this year. The report was con- sidered generally satisfactory, and it was resolved unanimously that a trest be given. The appoint- ment of the officials was then made, the secretaries being Messrs. J. D. Jones, T. Coke and W. Milling- ton, and the treasurer, Mr. Holland. The followimg were appointed on the entertainment committee : Messrs. James Littler. R. Morris, W. B. Kay, W. Crosby, J. HoHord, F. L. Scott, R. W. Pierpoint, C. Chantler and A. Bentley. It was decided that no paid artistes should be engaged. TI te, other appoint- ments were—hall committee : Mt-esrs. Woodland,, Poole, T. Riley, T. C. Williams' W. Shaw, W. 13% field, 'l'. Leach, jun., and G. Hayes. Provision committee: Messrs. J. Smith, T. Bowyer, S. Coventry, W. Shaw, W. Crosby, Taylor, Povah, Clare, Robinson and Reynolds. Scrutiny committee : Messrs. J. F. Moulton, Sutton, Bowyer, T. Williams, G. Howard, T. Riley, J. Longshaw, Leathwood, Taylor and Sweettnan. Store. committee : Messrs. Sweetman, and H. Hughes. Cabs committee: Messrs. T. Williams, S. Littler, G Iloward, A. Riley, T. Parry and J. Ellison. The appointment of cutters up,wits left in the hands of Messrs. Wood and Coventry. It was resolved that the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Mr. Posnett and Mr. Robinson, see the cab proprietors with the object of getting the free use of cabs. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Taylor (last year's chair- man of the committee), the secretaries and trea- surer. It was resolved thst a letter of sympathy be sent to Captain Le Couteur on his double bereavement by the death of his wife and son.-- The treat will take place on Tuesday, February I9th.

RUNCOItN AND DISTRICT TRACIIRRS' ASSOCIATION.

A general meeting of this association which is affiliated with the National Union of Teachers was held in the Conservative Club, Widnes on Friday. Mr. J. F. Moulton. vice-president of the association, occupied the chair. The executive's draft scheme for further financial aid to schools was considered, but no definite decision was come to. The follow- ing resolutions were passed unanimously: " That in the opinion of this meeting the new require- ments by the Education Department in respect of object lessons and suitable occupations, Swedish or other drill, or suitable phyical exercises, and a class subject additional to needlework are largely impracticable, 8o long as there is no reduction of unnecessary items in other parts of the obligatory curriculum, and no provision of further pecuniary means," and " that in the opinion of this meeting the grants for drawing in public elementary schools at the rate of is, Is. 61., and 2,‘. per scholar or per boy, in average attendance are inadequate in very many cases when compar?cl with the cost of the necessary materials and appliances, and should be incretgot" When the business was concluded a successful soiree was held at which there were about seventy present. BRUNSWICK BAND OF HOPE, RUNCORN.

On Monday evening, a tn,leting was held in con- nection with this Band of Hope. A very interest- ing programme was gone through, consisting of glees, songs, recitations, a violin solo, etc. The chair was occupied by Mr. Daniel Bieirown. Addresses on temperance were given by the Chair- man, and Mr. A. R. Norman. The accompanist during the evening was Mr. John D. Biebrown. SEAMEN'S lNsTxTur. RIINCORN. . .

There was a very large attendance at the weekly entertainment provided at this institute on Tues- day evening. The programme, which was admir- ably carried out, was provided by the choir at the Mariners' Church„ Irwell-lane, Runcorn. Songs, glees, choruses,and a recitation, reading, and pian3-• forte solo were given, and at the close of the enter- tainment a hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the members of the choir for their services, on the motion of Mr W. Shaw, seconded by Mr. Byfield. LECTURE AT RUNCORN FRBB LIBRARY. _

Mr. William Randley delivered a lecture at Run- corn Free Library on Friday evening on "James Brindley, the engineer of the Duke's Canal." There was a good attendance. Mr. F. Wiewall, C.E • pre- sided. At the outset of his lecture Mr. Handley spnke of the intellectual pleasure and profit to be derived from a study of biography in which they had to do with the lives of those who had taken an important part in the shaping of the nation's his- tory, and he referred to a series of biographical works written by Dr. Smiles which were in the Library, and which Mr. Jones would only be too pleased to lend to inquirers. He then alluded at some length to the career of Brindley and his con- nection with the Duke of Bridgewater. He in- cidentally mentioned that the Bridgewater Canal took five year to construct, and cost £220,000. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Mend- ley, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Gowerlock. _

CONCERT IN AID OP TfIR UNRMPLOTED AT RUNCORN. There was a crowds I attendance at the concert given in Runcorn Public Hall, on Tuesday evening, in aid of the unemployed funds. A large commit- tee had been appointed to make the necessary arrangements, the chief workers being!---Dr. Mc Kenzie, Mr. Wm. Chssley, Mr. Rolland (treasurer), Mr. Booth -(secretary), Mr Scott, and Mr. Shone. The programme was provided by the Negro Nomads, of Liverpool, and each item was excellently rendered, the entertainment proving a thorough success. During au interval Mr. Imison, speaking on behalf of the relief committee and the public generally,moved a cordial vote of thanks to the Negro Nomads. The state of things in Run- corn was, he said, quite exceptional. They could only hove that the commercial gloom would pass away. awl the stocks which had accumulated would soon meet with purchasers, and that work woiild be resumed. They were being liberally as- ; sisted by townsmen,but when strangers gave them their awsiQtance they deserved a double vote of thanks.—Mr. .1. W. Lightburn seconded, and said there was no class more deserving of sympathy than the studl shopkeepers who were compelled at times like the present to put so much in their ledgers which they might ne‘er Fret back again.—A stump sip-4Th was afterwards delivered by Mr. Holliday (Professor snowball), et the conclusion of which he acknowledged the vote of thanks. If on any future 0CC3,i,11 they desired assistance, either for such is canse is the pre- ent, or some charitable in- slit-talon, they would only be too pleased to give their services. (Applause.) The same gentleman reed it poem of his own composition, in which be graphically described the miseries and sufferings ot the poor,and then proceeded to earnestly appeal for sunport. A scene entitled, "De Camptown Races," was then given, and the performance con- cluded with a medley ir, which the whole of the yupy to,:k part.

~

===== 0002601_18950202_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 2, 1895.

RUNCORN PRISE PUBLIC LUDIAILY.

The Rev. W. 11. Stables will give "A talk to boss" in the reading room, on Friday next.

RtINCOILN CO-OPER.ATIVE SOCIZTY.

As will be seen from our advertising columns,the half-yearly meeting of the above named society will be held OH Tuesday evening, in Lacey-street school- room, Widnes. DISTRIBUTION OF COAL AT RUNCORN.

Through the generosity of several local gentle- men a large quantity of coal will be freely dis- tributed to-day (Friday), to the most deserving people who are receiving relief. The quantity given in each case is two cwis. The Rev. Canon Wood provides 100 persons with this quantity ; Mr. Tay- lor, J.P., 50 ; Mr. Burton, 50 ; Mr. Posnett, 50 ; Mr. Walter Collier, 50.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MARINERS' CHURCH, RUNCORN.

Under the presidency of Mi. Byfield a gathering was held OR Monday in connection with the above mentioned church. Several selections were sung by the choir, and songs were given by Miss Maggie Hill,Messrs. Hill,Sutton, and Woods.a duet by Misses A. and M. Hill, readings by Mr. Byfield and Mr. Sutton ; a flat solo by Mr. A. Irlam ; and a recitation by Miss Marsh. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman at the close of the enter- tainment.

THE LONG SERVICE MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.

The following have been awarded long service medals in the 2nd V.B. Cheshire regiment of which the Runcorn Volunteers form a part :—Major W. Barker, Sergeant B. Bebbington, Lance-Corporal T. Blain, Corporal G. Boulter, Bugler J. Buckley, Private J. Caldwell, Corporal J. Day, Colour-Sergt. !J. Davies, Captain G. W. Dutton, Quartermaster C. Edwards, Private F. Fennell, Corporal H. Fleet, Private A. Gerrard, Quartermaster-Sergeant W. Ilankinson, Sergeant S. tiindley, Private J.Holland. Sergeants J. Hoole and P. Howley, Armoury-Sergt. W, Hughes, Major B Johnson, Colosr-Sergeant W. Johnson, Sergeant A. Lewis, Private L. Lloyd, Captain J. F. Lowe, Private J. F. Lowe, Quarter- master-Sergeants J. Musgrave and W. J. Parkin,, Armoury-Sergeant C. J. Parry, Sergeant W. Peel Quartermaster-Sergeant W. Peers, Colour-Sergeant J. Poole, Sergeant H. Pollard, Private J. Prince, Corporal C. Rigby, Sergeants W. Sinclair and H. Small, Private R. E. Tatler, Colour-Sergeant A., Tennyson, Private J. Thornton, Colour-Sergeant J Wilkinson, and Private J. Woodwell.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN POLICE STATION.

The sub-committee of the Cheshire Standing Joint Committee who recently inspected Runcorn Police Station reported to the meeting at Chester on Saturday, that they had considered the following extract ft llt Maj,sty's Inspector's teport "The cells and offices at Ruucorn are ill-adapted for so important a place, and a new station is certainly necessary." They had also before them a notice from the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners re- quiring something to be ilone at the inspector's quarters without delay. Upon an inspection of the cells they found that Om were certainly dark but otherwise in a Sanitary condition. The outside offices in the inspector's quarters were in an insani- tary condition. The kitchen was dark and in that sense unsatisfactory. The sub-committee did not consider that a new station was required, but that improvements should be made to the inspector's quarters and other domestic offices, and that the cells should be removed. Thee could not be pro- perly carried out upon the property of the county so that it would be necessary to acquire some ad-' joining property for the purpose. Adjoining the station was a plot of land with some old stables on it, belonging to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company, and which, if acquired, would in their opinion,permit of improvement being carried out which would place the station in a thoroughly satisfactory condition, and at the same time pro- vide better and more convenient accommodation for the magistrates in the shape of a new retiring room, the present one being dark and uncomfort- able. They therefore recommended that the plot , of land should he acquired, if possible, so that the suggested alterations and improvements might be carried out. They also recommended that they should be re-appointed with power to negotiate the, purchase of the land referred to from Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co. and be authorised to in- struct the county surveyor to prepare plans and estimates for the alterations and improvements before indicated, repotting thereon to a future meeting of the Committee, and in the meantime to authorise the county surveyor, if it was necessary to do so, to carry out the sanitary work referred to in the notice received from the sanitary inspector. —The Committee was re-appointed and ;authorised to enter into negotiations with Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. as recommended. LOYAL WILLIAM THE FOURTH LODGE, RUNCORN.

The local lodge of Oddfe'lova held a meeting at the Devonshire Hotel, Runcorn. on Wednesday night. Bro. George Burrows, CS.. presented Bro. Jahez Stubbs, P.G., with a past officer's certificate and emblem of the Order which was beautifully framed. In making the presentation he alluded to the energetic labours of Mr. Stubbs en behalf of the lodge. In accepting the emblem, the recipient spoke of the great pleasure it had been to him to serve in the respective offices of the lodge.—The Secretary submitted the statement of accounts of the lodge for the year 1894 (being the sixty-eighth year of its existence) which showed the funds to be in a very healthy condition. The balance to the credit o' sick and funeral fund stood at. £1.963 12s. 011., and that income during the year was—contrib7nionA £2OB 103. 7d.; interest, £B4 9s. 6d.; and sundries £lO 198. 5d.; making a total of £2:267 194. 6d.; The expenditure was, sick pay to mensbers,.£l6o 8s; contributions to district funeral fund, £59 17e. 93.; leaving a balance of £2,047 ss. 10d. to the credit of the fund on the 31st December. The total worth of the lodge was £2,072 44. lid.; the average worth per member £9 Isa Bd. and the average age 38 years % months. The nett gain in funds for the year was £BO 19s. Did. The membership stood at 214 as against 205 at the beginning of the year. The officers of the lodge are: trustees, Messrs. William Cringle, Thomas Cook, and Greenway Millington ; treasurer, Mr. R. Wright •. sick visitor, Mr. Samuel Joynson ; and secretary. Mr. John Groome. °DI/FELLOWSHIP AT RYNCORS.

The bal-a-ti;;;Weeli;f-ti; Duke of Devonshire Lodge. Runcorn, has just been preaented,and shows receipts to the sick and funeral fund of £133 Os. 84/.. and an expenditure for sick benefits, &c., of £79 12s. Id , leaving a balance of £632 18s. 2d. to the credit of this fund. The man- ' agement receipts are 4A5 81. and expenses £31155. 100., making a balance of £45 Bs. Id. standing in favour of the management fund. The total capital worth of the lodge stands at £6Bl 14s. 6d., or an increase of £B7 Os. 9d. upon the workings of the past year.—During the same period they had bad the honour of adding the names of Messrs. Thomas Handley, J.P., P. A. Cooke, and W alter Collier to their honorary membership list,— The ordinary members had increased by 15, which, after deducting four who had been excluded owing to non-payment of contributions, made a total membership of 114. The. average age is 20 yeses, The juvenile lodge is progressing steadily but very satisfactorily. The hatance sheet of the Hose and Sharon Lodge, Runcorn, for last year shows that the sick and funeral fund commenced with et balance of £2,670 4s. 4d., the contributions and fines amounting to £417 6s. 114., and with interest £llO 3s. 01., brought the total to £3203 is. The sick pay was £320 18s. Ild., and the district funeral fund £96 I3s. 50. The management fund began with a balance of £7l 2s. 4]., and ended witti one of £27 2s. 60. The worth of the loege is £2,833 151.; the number of members 423, and the average age 31.83. The percentage of members sick during the year was 26, and the average worth per member (lodge funds) .£6 14s. 344., and funeral fund .ci is. 61, The district funeral fund is £l.OOO. The following are the officers; Bros. J. Jackson (president). William Moulsdale (vice-president), F. J. Massey (oast president), Thomas Davies (secre- tary), William Massey (assistant secretary), J. B. Jones and Joseph Ashley (auditors).

—WHY SEFF ER—ONE—MOMENT from torturing and distleurinz skin diseases, when a single application of the CIITICDEA RP:14E1)11N will afford instant relief, and point to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure when the heat physicians and all other remedies fail? No prepargtions ever (wimp°. pled in the history of medieine have vrforriv>d the wonderful cures daily made by the CDTICIIRA REMEDIES. They are in truth the greatest skin cures, blood puzifiers, and humour reme- dies of modern times, and appeal to those who have suffered long And hopelessly with a force never before realised ia the history vi inedietna.

t

.11

===== 0002601_18950202_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH' OF MRS. WlincuNTE.

There were general expressions ot regret in St. Helen's on Tuesday vvhen it becamo known that Mrs. Wliectinie, wife of Alderman D. liPliechnie, and ex-Mayor of the borough, had died early that morning at Bournemouth. Mrs. M'Kecbuie had not enjoyed good health for a considerable time past, and early in December the family left their residence, RoclestOn Grange, St. Anne's. for Bourne- mouth, in the hope that the change of climate for the winter months would have a beneficial effect. These hopes, however, have not, been realised. The members of the family are well known in Runcorn, Mrs. A. R. Norman, of higher Runcorn, being a daughter, and many residents of this district sym- pathise with them in their bereavement.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESS MATCH.—WAnitINGTON V. WIDNES.

Th-is-11;tChTv-iiTplaYe-ii-iiTiii;-1.-;4.C.A.--on Tues- day evening, and resulted in a win for the Warring- ton Club. Owing to the late arrival of the Widnes players the time of play was much curtailed, the games on the first two boards having to be aban- doned as draws when in most interesting positions. Score:— • WARRIMITOR. WIMIES. Mr. F. Dunne / t Mr.BWiseTesßreirne .. ~ L. Chandler „H. Bond.. .. G. MASoll J. Newcomb 0 „A. Midwooii 1 „A. Wood Rev. M. Ste% enson 1 „G. M. Foster Mr. J. S. Garland

===== 0002601_18950202_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING CRUELTY TO A HOESE AT WIDNES,

_ At the Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Councillor W. W. Gossage (in the chair), the Mayor (Alderman S. Sadler), and Mr. J. Beecham. Andrew llogarty, coal dealer, Moss Bank-road, was sum- moned for cruelly ill-treating a horse. The defen- dant, on the 3rd ult., was seen by Police-sergeants fhwaites and Carter unmercifully beating and kicking the animal in Lugsdale-road.—lnspector Luff, of Warrington, said it was the worst case he had ever seen. He saw the horse on Thursday. The horse was apparently being starved to death, and its bones almost protruded through its skin- Ile believed the horse had since been slaughtered.— The Chairman said he lonsidered it the worst case of the kind which had been before the court, and the defendant must pay 40. i. and costs,or go to gaol for a month HEARTLESS CASE OF WIFE DESERTIO:q AT WIDNES.

On Thursday. at Widnes Petty Sessions, before Councillor W. W. Gossage (in the chair), the Mayor (Alderman S. Sadler), and Mr. J. Beecham, a labourer named John Machin, of no fixed abode,was brought up on a warrant charged with deserting his wife and child, who hereby became chargeable to the common fund of the Prescot Union, on the 2nd of May last. Mr. A. Wood, relieving officer, said the case was a utast cruel one. The prisoner left his wife on the 25th of March last,the day upon she was confined. They were living at the time at 13, Fraser's-court. St. Helens, and the prisoner was in work, earning 4s. a day. The wife lived upon the charity of neighbours for nine days after her husband left her, and then went to Widnes, and lived with some friends there. The prisoner had been wandering about the country drinking, but on Saturday last his wife saw him passing the work- house. The cost to the guardians had been .£l6. The prisoner, in defence, said he left his wife to go in search of work.—He was committed to gaol for two months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON CHARITIES.

INTERESTING PARTICULARS.

At the meeting ot the Halton Parish Council on Tues- day evening the following particulars relative to the Halton Charities were submitted. Rev. T. Atcoces SoIIOOL CHARITY.—This charity consists of the school house and garden occupied by the schoolmaster, and a sum of *£1,199 9;. 74. investor] in n per cent. consolidated stock, in the name of the official trustee; of charitable funds, which produces an Income of £32 19s. 84. per annum' ps,i4 by the Charity Commissioners to the account of Balton Grammar School, at Parr's Bank, Runcorn. *This sum lathe pur- chase money of land sold in 1892 to Sir R. M. Brooke, Bart.. for £1,150, whereby the income of the Charity I was increased from £25 to nearly £33. BOLTON'S CHARITY.—This Charity consists of the sum of *£Bs7 2s. 14., invested in 21 per cent. Consolidated Stock, in the name of the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, which produces an income of £lB is. 3,L, one- third of which sum is paid to St. Thomas's Dar Charity, one-third to the Vicar of Halton, and one-third to the I Halton Grammar School. *This sum is the proceeds of the purchase money of land sold in 1892 to Sir R. M. Brooke, Bart., fcr £B3O, whereby the income of the Charity was increased from £9 to £lB Iri. 31. EATON'S CHARITY.—The Charity consists of ground rents in Warrington, producing £7 is. 10d. per annum, which sum La paid yearly by Messrs. R. DiTiPS and Co.. Solicitors, Warrington, after deducting their costa, and is divided equally between St. Thomas's Day Charity and the Halton Grammar :School. ' ALDISHOOSH CHARITY.—ThiS Charity is a private one, known as /smoke's Charity, and produces £54 124. per tbonyrawst uhhemo Penny, o 1 I4orsh epi r ee% grr personsrs. Bee ei six hi Ys paid,iMissm—b gw: :Si Tickle, nhl at :bamounts4arlHilton,l Mrs. ts o Moor";,e£Pc 6821 ief3lol per annum. The difference between this sum and the yearly income from the Charity, amounting to £7 18s., I; paid by Sir R. M. Brooke, Bart., who also keeps the almshouses in repair, the cast of which, would otherwise ' have to come out of the income of the Charity. ' STOCIZAIE CHARITY.—This Charity censista of half of some meadow land, situate on Frodsharn Marsh, con- taining in the whole ss. Or. Bp., the yearly income of which is £B, and is paid annually by Mr. Charles Linaker, of Frodsham' on March 25th, such sum being applied to the relief of poor widows in the townships of Stockham and Halton. The balance in hand at the end of the year 1893 was £B7 133. 101 at Parr'. Bank, Warriagton. Sr. TIICIDIA3'9 Day CHARITT.—Thii Charity eonsiste of :—(1) One-third of Bolton's Charity, viz., a Os. 51, per annum. (2) One-half of Eaton's Charity, viz., £3 7s. 74. per annum. (3) A sum of MO invested in the name of Sir Richard M. Brooke, in the Mersey Docks and Harbour &lard on May 28th. 1888, for 15 years, at £3 Vs. V. per cent., or £l5 101. per annum, which is distributed on St. Thomas's Day te sundry poor people. No charge for management, stationery or postage is made in connection with any of the above Charities, ' with the exception of Eaton's Charity, In which case Messrs. R. Davies and Co., dolicitors, Warrington, deduct their costs for collecting the ground rents before remitting. WESTON WOODEALL AND CIESSITYRI CIARITY.—This Charity consists of the sum of £lOO invested In 3 per cent, consolidated annuities by the Charity Commis- sioners which produces an income of £2 19s. 4d. per annum paid by the Charity Commissioners to the account at the Halton Vicar and Wardens' Goal Charity, at Parr'; Bank, Runcorn. The money is spent on coal, which is distrituted in amounts of 6 cwt. to aged poor people. Prior to 1865 this Charity was a Bread Charity, avid twelve loaves were distributed to twelve poor people in the porch of Halton Church on Sacrament Sunday. RIGBY CHARITY.—This Charity consists of a number of petticoats di.tritinted to widows over 130 years of age in the Parish Church of Runcorn, on All Saint's' Day. The Charity WRS left for the townships of Riincorn, Weston, Weston Point and Halton. /141 ton receives about seven petticoats each year. BALTON LIBRARY. —This is an ecclesiastical Charity,left primarily for the benefit of the Vicar of Halton, and secondarily as a Reference Library for the neighbour- hood. According te the rules dated 1732 it is "erected on the part of the ground belonging to the !Muse dedic- ated for the habitation of the curate of the chapel of Balton, in the diocese and county of Chester, in further- once of the augmentations lately made for the increase of the maintenance and encouragement of the curate there fer the time being and his successor;." There is an endowment which produce; £ll per annum, half of which Is paid to the Vicar as librarian. and half for the maintenance of the books, and the library. The present Vicar has, since he became librarian, returned his share to the rules stipulate that the Vicar e shMaalliibiteentlaine'leibitraurnd, . ian

===== 0002601_18950202_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A, FULLY-QUALIFIED CANDIDATE.

Mr. E. Jenkins, nf " Ginx's Bally " fame, the Conser- vative candidate for Dundee, told a Dundee elector te 'shut up" at a public meeting the other nivht, and point blank reitn•ed to modify the expression. A Glasgow paper says " he'll do nicely for the noose of Commona cow."

HALTuN PARISH COUNCIL MEETINU.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
GEPTING TO BUSINESS.

On Tuesday evening, the second meeting of this coun- cil was held in the Girls' Schoolroom, Halton. The Rev. G. D. Wray occupied the chair, and there were also present: Messrs. W. McCullock, .7. S. Jeacock, R. Hughes, J. Looker, S. Barrow, J. Astbury, J. Ackerley, H. Reynolds. J.P., C. Birch, and A. Woodier (secre- tary). Mr. MeCullock thought it would be advisable for tee council, before proceeding to the business on the agenda paper, to take into consideration the question af providing relief for the unemployed in the parish:—The council agreed to consider the matter.—Mr. lacCullock proposed that a committee be formed.--Mr. Hughes seconded, Mr. Reynolds and • Mr. Looker supported. This was carried unanimously.—A Committee consisting of the following gentlemen WAS appointed: The Chair- man, and Messrs. Reynolds, Faulkner, Wright, Hughes and Looker.—lt was slated that no particulars had been sent in of the expenses of the recent election in the parish, but it was decided to 'stele a precept on the overseers for £2s.—After some discussion it Was agreed to, that the payment for the use of the schoolroom , for the holding of the parish meetings should be 2s. id. per meeting in winter, and is. in summer.— Mr. Wright, the [Talton representative on the Run- corn Rural District Council, attended the meeting to make a statement regarding the suggested formation of a Parochial Committee for sanitary purposes. A long discussion on the suldeet took place, the speakers against the proposals dwelling on the cost of the Clerk's salary. It was ultimately agreed to form a parochial committee to consist of the members of the council.—Mr.Jeacock introduced the question of allot- ments, but nothing definitely was decided in the matter, it having again to be considered at a future meeting if the council.—The Rev. G. D. Wray moved that a corn- mittee be appointed for considering the question ot Halton Charities, particulars of which charities will be found in another column. He said that all the Halton ! charities, with the exception of the St. Thomas's day charity, came under the head of Ecclesiastical charities, and could not be touched by the Council. But previ- ously the charities had not been dispensed as the donors had indicated. Their had been given to all in want, Irrespective of the religious denomination they belonged, whereas they were intended for those belenging to the Church of England. No question had been asked to what creed or sect the recipients belonged. But whether they would kave to confine it in the future to those to whom it was left, remained to be seen. A committee was appointed'; .and it was also decided to apply to the Charity Commissioners for their opinions on the charities. Mr. Stoke's had given notice that steps be taken to repair the footpaths leading from Halton Brook to Halton and from the village to the girls' school. Mr. Stokes said the footpaths in Weston had been re- paired by private individuals, but he had been unable to ascertain who were responsible fGr them, and he thought it would he better for a committee to be ap- pointed to investigate the matter. A committee was accordingly appointe4l.—This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIEIT.

ANNUAL TEA PARTY.

In connection with the Runcorn Co-operative, In- dustrial, and Frovident Society, Limited, the annual tea party and entertainment took place in the Co-operative Hall, Church-street, Roncorn. on Wednesday ni7, ht. About 800 persons sat down to tea, the tables being pre- sided over by Mesdames Upton, Aston, Nixon, Cousins, maple, Dykes, Fitton.W.Cropper.Worthington,Pritehard, T. Bowyer, Rogers, Elliot, and Hill ; and Misses Cousins, Midge, Hough, Rhoden,Gleave,Nicholls, Holt, Worthing- ton, and Upton. The after-proceeding; were presided over by Mr. Sayle. An admirable programme was gone through. The Runcorn Volunteer Band, under the conductorship:of Mr. Outhwaite rendered several selec- tions, which were greatly appreciated by the audience. Mr. H. Montgomery (Manchester) was several times en- cored for his humorons contributions. Songs were given by Mrs. Temperley, and Mrs. Leathwood ; Messrs. Leathwood, Worrahl, Holt, and Burrows, and their singing was much enjoyed. The accompanist was Mr. Birkett Musgrove. At the conclusion of the programme Mr. Betney proposed a vote of thanks te the band and artistes; Mr. Aston seconded, and the proposition was unanimously carried. On the motion of Mr. Rhodes, seconded by Mr. Holt, a similar complimenc was passed to the ladies who had presided at the tables. The Chairman was thanked for presiding, on the motion of Mr. Holt, seconded by Mr. Royle. Games were after- wards indulged in until midnight.—The committee's sixtv-fif ih half-yearly report for the year ending Decem- ber 31, 1894, stated that the total sales amounted to £44,872 15s. 20., being an increase of £368 94. 00. on the previous half-year. The amount disposable, after charging all expenses. including depreciation and interest on capital, deducting the cheques purchased. leaves a net amount £6.765175. 2d. They recommended la dividend of three shillings in the 2 on £44,330 of check account books brought in, which would amount to £6,645, leaving a ba'ance of £l2O 17s. 21. to the reserve fund. The report is signed on behalf of the committee by Messrs. John Holt, E I win Aston, Daniel Worthing- ton, and William Upton (secretary).

===== 0002601_18950202_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RIINCOItN

BY 01:7R RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The winterly weather if long continued, will, it is feared, prevent the working of traffic on the canals. At present the Bridgewater Canal at Runcorn ia full of floes of ice, and the passage has been kept open witta difficulty. Should there be a continuance of frost, it. will become blocked, and the tying-up of the canal boats will very seriously affect Runcorn. The shipping trade is one of the most important in the town, and additional recruits to the already large rank, of the unemployed will be most seriously felt. Shopkeepers, e,pecially small shopkeepers, are already suffering from the distress in the town, and it is with difficulty that some of them are keep- ing their establishments open. The prospect in the chemical trade at Runcorn, Is. I hear, a little more hopeful this week. At one of the works shipments of bleaching powder have taken place, and a few men have been re-engaged,

It is pleasing to learn that tie aged people of Runcorn, are after all, to have their annual treat, which is to take place on luesday, February 19th. It was thought by many that it was inadvisable to appeal to the public for support, and doubts were entertained that the treat would have to be discon- tinued for this year, at least. But the sub-commit- tee which was appointed,reported en Monday even- ing that, with the balance in hand from last year's treat, sufficient money would be forthcoming without calling upon the general public. This wa4 highly satisfactory, and the aged people of the town will thus hays at leant one pleasant break in what might have been, in many cases, a monotonous period.

The Vicar of Halton (Rev. G. D. Wray), was per- fectly frankat the parish meeting on Tuesday even- ing, with regard to the charities of the township. He submitted a detailed statement of the various charities, and it would appear that people in need at Halton,at least, are not uncared for, there being no fewer than ten cnarities for their benefit. In- formation regarding charities is. as a rule, kept in the back-greund,and this leads to many bickerings which would often be avoided, were the facts fully known. But with the formation of Parish Coun- cils which are to deal with charities—other than ecclesiastical charities—the public will no doubt become better acquainted with them.

It is not often that a workman is fortunate enough to obtain £lOO damages for personal in- juries under the present Employers' Liability Act. Rut a titter named Thomas Houghton, of Runcorn, who was employed by the Manchester Ship Canal Company, was awarded that sum by a jury at the Runcorn County Court on Tuesday. The injuries were sustained by the falling of a large tone from a crane, the tall being caused by the crane coming in contact with a passing train. The evidence went to prove that no one was appointed to warn the signalman to prevent the train from coming along the line whilst the crane was in, action. As to the nature of the injuries and their effect upon the conatitution of the man who was 66 years of age, it will be seen from the evidence that there was a marked difference of opinion between the medical gentleman called by the plaintiff and the one called by the defendants, and Mr. Horridge counsel for the plaintiff, facetiously remarked the he had always found such the case in similar actions.

There can be no doubt, After the repQrt of the secretary of the Runcorn Liheral Club, which he submitted at the annual meeting on Wednesday, that the club is in a flourishing condition. The membership has increased, and the adverse balance owing on the club has been reduced. The amount still owing is a little over £350, hut this is n•it very Retiring when it is considered that the building, billiard tables, and furniture, have been purchased. The secretary expressed the wish that the educa- tion feature of the club shoulri be taken up with more vigour,ftnel it is hoped that those in authority will tAlte the hint. By doing bo they will make the club still more useful.

Thr wintry weather im thr S anth of France is said to he unexampled in severity. lite cnld " wave Spread across the Mediterraviean,and "almost the whole of tLe RegeLcy uf Tunis is under snow."

MUM

CLAIM AGAINST TRH MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

A RUNCORN WORKMAN IS AWARDED £lOO DAMAGES.

At the Runcorn County Ceurt, on Tuesday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes and a jury, Thomas Houghton, Lowland-road, Runcorn, engine fitter, claimed £325 from the Manchester Ship Canal Company for injuries sustained at Runcorn on the 6th November. Mr. Horridge, barrister, Liverpool, instructed by Mr. C. H. Unsworth, Warrington, represented the plaintiff; and Mr. J. K. Bradhury,barrister,Manchester instructed by Mesars.Grundy, Kershaw and Co.,aypeared on behalf of the defendant company.• Mr. Horridge, in opening the case, said the claim was brought under the Employers' Liability Act which was passed for the purpose of giving remedies to workmen whilst in the employ of their masters. The facts were exceedingly simple. The plaintiff was 66 years of age, and for ten asrs .he had been in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company as an engine fitter at 31s. per week. The foreman under whom he had to act was Mr. M ston, who on November 13th, the date of the accident, ordered him to go and fit a 20 ten weigh- bridge, which was being fitted into a portion of the Ship Canal works at the quay adjoining the waterway, by which ran the sidings of the London and North-Western Railway Company. When plaintiff got there a gang of labourers were set to fix the foundations. It was not unimportant to recollect that the crane in coming had to pass a signal box, which was in charge 6f a man in the employ of the defendants. On one line of rails was the weighbridge, on the other was the crane, and it was constructed that it did not clear the next line ef rails. The result ,was that about eleven o'clock, an engine was allowed hy the signalman to come down. It struck the back Portion of the crane, and fouled the other line. Tn jib was thrown round, and the large stone in the chain struck plaintiff and he was very severely injured. The jury would have to say whether the naschinery was defective in the position it occupied, and whether the Canal Company's servants were negligent in not p.-eventing the engine coming down or warning the plaintiff. They could under the Act give linuehton three years' wages, which would amount to 041.—Thomas Eleuehton, plaintiff, in the course of his evidence said that when his foreman told him that he wanted him to assis.t in the fixing of a weigh-bridge' witness asked him whether the ether fitter, John Burrows, was also going to which he replied "yes, after breakfast." The weigh-bridge and crane arrived at the place about ten o'clock. The bricksetters were the first to get to work and witness stood for some time watching them. The weigh-bridge was on one set :of rails. He saw an engine g ing towards the signal box, and the man in charge of the points must have seen it. The brickaettere had set one atone in position !in the machine pie. The second stone was lowered, hut it had to be re-hoisted as it was too high. Shortly a fter- wards he felt a great blow on the breast and afterwards on the back. FIP did not remember anything further about the accident. He had worked with the crane once previously, but on that occasien there was a man to look after their safety. He was attended by Dr. Mangan, who was still attending him. He had suffered a very great deal of pain in the chest, back, throat, and head. He had not been able to speak properly &HUI. It had cost him extra for stimulants.— In cross-examination witness stated that he had been a fitter for 50 years. He had never had any wages from the Ship Canal Compiny when he was sick. Witness was working as an assistant to JAn Burrows at the time of the accident. No-one was told to tell the signal- man when the crane was working. He did not know that the crane fouled the line when it was cross-way. When he worked with the crane before, Moston told him to get platelayers to assist and watch the crane, hut be did not tell him to do so en the morning of the accident. Mr. Joseph Davies, packetman, in the employ of the defendant Company, stated that on the morning follow- ing the accident, he was told by Moston to go down to the locks with John Burrows, to let the men know when an engine was coming. He was there for two days. In cress-examination witness said his orders were to work 1 to Burrow's instructions.

Michael Mulhearn said ha was a labourer in the employ ef the Canal Company. He saw the stone, which was tieing hoisted* strike Houghton and knock him down. The workmen picked Houghton up. Dr. Mangan stated thab he was called in to see the plaintiff on the 6th November. He fcund him suffering from contusion of the right side of the chest, left side of the head and neck, and sprain of the left shoulder, and contusion of the back. He was also suffering from shack. On the third day after the accident he examined the man's back more carefully and found he was suffer- ing from concussion of the spine. He was still suffering from the effects of the accident, and was unable to sit up long at a time. He could not give an *pinion whether he would recover or not, but considering the man's age, it was very doubtful. He estimated that his chi rge fril- attendance would he about £2O Mr. Bradhurr, on ta‘ha If of the defendants, said they all had sympathy with the plaintiff,vrho was badly hurt, pa,d who had been a faithful servant of the Company. The jira-, flowerer, must dismiss sympathetic feeling. Outside the law, the jury had no concern. The question ! was, thr legal liability of the defendants or otherwise. He denied that there was Any defect in the machinery, and Also contended that the crane, was in no wav negli- gently fixed. They were in no way guilty of negligence. The nnly.susrgeslinn given with regard to negligence wag, that the plaintiff alleged that en a previous occa' pion platelayers were engaged to look after them. It was it nreaonable to expect platelayers to be engaged for the object in question. It was the duty taf the men them- selves to see that the engines did not riga into the cranes. lie contended that the Company was not liable unless , the accident arose through the negligence of the superin- tendent, and there was ne superintendent engaged in , the matter. He further pointed out that it was no fault of the signalman, and asked the jury fearlessly to dis- charge their duty in that case, and if they were of opinion that there was no negligence on the part of the Ship Canal Company or their servants then their verdict should be in favour of the defendants.

Dr. MoDiiugall gave evidence as to making a medical examination of the plaintiff. Mr. Houghton told him that during the last tan years he had had tyre attacks of cold, and about twelve months ago, an attack of influenza, which ended in bronchitis. fle was at that time away from work three weeks or one moath. He was now suffering from bronchitis, and a leeble action of the heart, which accounted for his difficult breathing. On examining the plaintiff closely, he found no trace of injuries from the blows He was not suffering from concus non of the spine. His preseat feeble condition was due to natural causes, In warm weather there was every probability ef the plaintiff being able to follow his employment. William Moston, foreman, gave evidence as to the in- structions given to the men. The engines would pass the crane in whatever position it was is. It was a van that caught the crane and caused it to swing round. It was the divy of those using the crane to warn persons of an approaching train. The Crane had been used on ! the same lines previously and the plaintiff was then there. Witness had never warned them before or sent anyone ti inform the si2naltnan. It was the duty of the men to Innk after their own safety. John Burrows, machine fitter, denied that he WAS the foreman on the job. Moston gave them no instructions as to watching. By the Judge : Moston merely in- structed them to undertlke the job to see that the work was done. That was the practice of Mostoo during the five years witness had worked for the Company. William Powell said he was responsple for the sending out of hydraulic cranes. The one in question was of the usual type. The plaintiff asked for the crane ts be sent down for the work in question. His Honour having summed up, the jury fgave a ver- dict for plaintiff, assessing the damages at £lOO. Costs en the higher scale were allowed.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SIGNIFICANT MEETING MEETING OF NORTH OF IRELAND TENANT FARMERS.

A largely attended and boisterous tweeting of tenant farmers, similar to those which have recently been held in such numbers over the north of Ireland, took place at Antrim on Thursday evening ; Mr. Samuel Black, .T.P., a well-known Presbyterian presiding. The meet- ing consisted almost entirelyof Protestants and Union- ists. A series of resolutions, similar to those adopted at kindred meetings, had been prepared, printed in slips, and circulated prior to the commencement of the pro- ceedings. Those in charge of the meeting introduced another resolution declaring attachment to the Union isetween Great Britain and Irelind and full confidence in the Imperial PArliament to redress their grievances and the grievances of all classes of the Irish people. The meeting resented this, and the result was a seriee of lively scenes. The proceedings lasted upwards of three hours, and eventually the resolution regarding the Union was deleted, all the others passing almost unani- mously. These resolutions expressed warm approval of the recommendations of the majority of the Morley 3 Commission.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPERANCE MEETINGS AT EA RLESTOWN.

The ususl meeting in connection with the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets of Tessoerance, No. 219, was held o.n Wednesday evening, tit the Co-operative Hall. Earleetwwn. Bra. W. Gibbs, W.A., was in the chair, and there were 45 memlipra present. The G.W.P., Bra. B. Fliegioa, installed the Patron for the year, assisted by Bro. E. Anderton, G.C.—The "Britains Need " Division met at 8 o'clock in the same room. Bra. E. Anderton, G.D., of St. Helens, presiding. After opening and other routine husineqs a short paver Was read by Bro. .1. French on "How ti make the Division meetings more interesting." A discussion followed in which Bras. Higgins, Anderton, Judson, Person, and J. Pickett took part, making a very pleasant and profitable evening.

The monthly meeting of the Independent Order of Reehabites (Mizpah tent), was held in the Co-operative call, on Thursday evening. Bro. R. Thompson, C.R., presided. The officers for the coming half year were duly installed. The annuml balance sheet WAS read show- ng a gain of close on £5O One member was initiated and t;•1 0 °Ultra were proposed. ,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Zbbertigemtnts not Ciasstfitb.

P UNCORN FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY-HALF- IL HOUR TALKS ABOUT BOOKS AND AUTHORS. FRIDAY; FHB/WART Bth, at 8 pm. Lu the Heading Room* " ATalk with Boys," by the SeV. W. H. STABLSS. Admission Free All are Welcome.

RUNCORN CO-OP6KA far.: AND PROVID.IO SOCIETY, LIMITED. The HALF-THAMLY MEETING at the SOCIETY.

Will be held at LACEY-STREET SCHOOL, WIDNES. On TUESDAY, :FEBRUARY STH. 1890, When the Chair will be taken at 7-30 p.m.

P(IRMO HALL, RUNCORN.—For one week only, commencing 11.7130 DAY, NEI3IIIIABY sth, 1895. HARRY BUXTON DIOKASIA and N'HAPOUTAN CMUIR. Children's Entertainment on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Admission, ld. and 2d.; adults, 3d. and 6d. Two GRAND SACKED CUNCKIITS on Sunday. Afternoon. 3.15 ; evening, 8.15. Admission by b flyer collection. Popular prices 6d. and la. Causinence at 8 o'clock. Vocal and instrumental selections and side-splitting sketches.

NIVANTHD, Good GHNER.I.L dERVANTS, etc., goad Situadons found. No cnarge,— Apply Mn. WILLILMS, 42 Broak-str,..et. C.-oa-M., Manchester.

THOMAS HAMER,. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.

GRIFFIN HOTEL, - EARL ESTO WN.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

AGRAND RECITAL of DICKENS' "CHRISTMAS CA.uOL" will be given by ?dr. JOHN HA.WOOD, of Manchester, .in the CO-OPBRATIVB HiaLL, SANKEY"- S MEHL on MONDAY, FHBFIIJARY 11Trt, 1895, on behalf of the Cairo-street Seboal Extension. His Worship the Mayor will preside. Tickets 2s. and Is. may be hal from Mr. J. R. Young, Sankey-et., Mr:. Hill, Buttermark-t-st., or at 30, Caire-at.

. . . Admission without ticket 6d. To commence at 7-30.

IAIRO - STREET CRAPEL, WARRINGTON.

—On the SUNDAY IiVgNINGS during FIII3I2UANY, Eel. W. H. DRUMMOND, B.A. will give a course of Sermons cso " Religion in Fenn,. son's idylls of the King." Servi.-T at 6.30. All seats free.

S. PETER'S, WARELINtirON.

CONGREGATIONAL TEA PARTY. :-.CHOOLROUSI, JORN-ST.

MONDAY, FuBRUAILY 4ra, 1895. Tea 6-30. Entertainment 7-30. Tickets, One Shinn each. After Tea, Sixpence.

BY MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

THE BROOKS' COLLEWICIN:

MPORTANT SALE of a Oh Ace and Valuable Collection of flare ETCHINGS, ENGRAVINGS. and FROTOGRIL- VEERS. embracing well-known examples of— J. E. Waller Heywood Hardy Sir E. Landseer, R.A. Yeend wing Alma Tatiema R.A., Marcus Stone, R.A. Sir .7. E. 4ilals,RA, Luke rildes, R A. Birket Poster Corot and other eminent Artists. Am nagit the numerous *ob- jects will be found th f Bowing new public.tions :—" A Joyous Summer," "A Rebuff," " livening Light," "When the Heart Is Yourig." " Do-tor,- " A. Love Story." "Friends of the Cass.," " Garden of Hesperides," " Doubtful Intl-Auction," "Solemn and Silent," and many others of the most noted publications of the day. The are, with few excep ions, in the REM iRQ UR and ARTIST PROOF. State of the plate mostly by ~the resn,ctive Artists and Etchers, and retaining all their cream and beauty. _

T. SUTTON has been favoured with in. AlRetructians from Messrs. B. Brooks and Sons to SELL BY AUCTION, at the SALE ROOMS, LEON-ST., WARRINGTON, on Finney February Bth, 1895, at 2 and 7 o'clock p.m., the above Valuable Collection.

On view Thursday, February 7th, from 1 o'clock, and morning of Sal-. Catalogues now ready.

ji IRL.—WANTHD, tor a milk boas., a regale... Ole strong lX GIRL; a milker preterred ; good referenoo.—Addrasa Mr. R. BATTr. 57 Arurvel-av,,nue. :iertort Psrk, Llv-rpool.

X7WEN AWAY.— l'liree PRIZE—. 3, Rl—tor the hest method of advertising "Britannia " Kedah and ' Stanley " Pure Baking YoWder. Competitors may send as many suggestions as they lik, ; but each sug- gestion must be accompanied by a penny stamp. Sugges- tions must be sent in not later than FRIDAY, February 22nd. £1 will be paid so t,secsmpetitor sending in the most suggestions. " ADVERTISE rIENC DEPARTMENT." MIIADOWCROFT ANO CO. STANLEY WORKS, BURY, LANCASHIRE.

EVANS'

ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE

===== 0002601_18950202_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
IS NOW BEING HELD

PARTICULAR ATTRNTION IS DRAWN

TO TRH

JACKET AND DERAS

D EPART3I E NTS,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
IN WHICH WB HAVII MADB

S WEEPING REDUCTIONS.

EVANS',

171 ;SANKEY STREET,.

WARRINGTON.

‘VANTRD. strong GIRL, about 13; must be fond Of children.—App'y 131, 'Overton-road, C.-ox-M. Man- chester.

ANTIiD GIiNHHAL lIVXNT (experienced), for the country.—Apply, 37, Pa... 1 Mall, Hanley, &afro, - shire.

WANTED. 'February 16th. Er p•riencoci OFINBRAL.ab Z. 5 ; wash, iron, plain o klng; fond of children waves £ls.—Addrese Mrs. FRASNII. 18, Swinbourne Grove, Withington, Manchester.

WANTED Situation as HOUSEMAID, upper of two, or Second where three are kept.—Addrees F. Kirnmerghame. Dune, N.D.

POTATOES FOR SALA. 60 loads Maincropa.— Apply Jon N II tIIILEY, Farmer. Orford.

O s SALE, Bay HORSE. 6 years, good Worker, quiet and Sound ; BoILER 15ft. by sft. 61n. and all fittings. A. L. CoLmana,Eariestown,

WANTIM Country GIRL, Protestant. good references required age 20 to 25 no office need apply.—vriumw FUNK HOTEL, 329, bud thdown-rond. Liverpool.

PENKETEL

- Lanham. Cuffs TRA MRETING.—On Friday night last week the annual tea meeting in connection with the above Club, was held in the Wesleyan School. There was a large attendance, which did full justice to the ex- cellent tea which was prepared by the following ladies : Mesdames Longshaw, White, itoutledge. Golden, and Misses Wynn, Hughes and Norbury. After tea a con- cert was held in which the following took part : Mesers. Chappell, Auckland, Asplin, Sudden and Shipman. Mr. Wilson gave an operatic selection on the pianoforte. Mr. J. Haynes supplied the humorous portion, in which ha was eminently successful, his songs giving the greatest delight to his audience. Miss Haynes and Mr. Wilson accompanied the singers on the pianoforte. At tie close Mr. Longshaw, the Chairman, moved a vote of thanks to the artistes. Mr. Cross also proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies who had controlled the tea meeting. Games were afterwards indulged in till a late hour. CHURCH OP ENGLAND CHYPRRANCE SOCIRTY.-0(1 MOH.. day evening the monthly concert of the above Society was hbld in the Infants School. There was as usual a large attendance, and a capital programme of songs, re. citations, kc., was gene ttirough by she members anti eLds.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
-- HOW TO DEFEAT OTJR ENEMIES.

Everything that tends to weaken our constitution and -render It liable to disease is an enemy of mankind, and ' everything that tends to withstand the attacks of these enemies and to restore health and strength to the human system is a true friend. Among the most prominent and most dreadful, like so:many generals in the attacking orces of the mit enemy of mankind—Jeath —may be mentioned thefollowing r—lndigestion, liver complaint, nervous disorders, and chest affections, while the differ- ent symptoms by which these diseases manifest them- selves may be regarded as so many sub-officers in the ranks of the enemy. When any one of these attacks us we may be certam that some of the others are close at hand. The stomach, liver, lungs, nerves, and blood, are portions of the body that the enemy is very prone to assail, and if he succeeds in maintaining his position for any length of time in any one of them, and is not quickly expelled, he soon extends his pernicious domin- ions to other parts of the body. When the stomach is dis- ordered, we may be certain that the enemy in some form or other has gained a foothold there, and if the food he not properly digested, the blood does not receive a suffi- ciency of the vital particulars necessary to diffuse through all ps rts of the system in oraer to afford proper nourishment to the body. In our climate, affections of the chest are very prevalent in the form of colds, coughs bronchitis, asthma, am By the insidious attacks of these , variOus enemies of man, thousands are annually laid low' and brought to a premature grave. This need not be the case. The enemies can be defeated and ousted. Make a determined stand against their attacks. Seek the aid of true and tried friends to eject them when they have taken poqsession of any part of the body. The best friend in such cases, and the one most certain to assist you in repelling the enemy, under any of the above guises is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It is a natural remedy, being entirely vegetable, each dose con- taining a suitable quantity of Quinine, together with the active principles of the following well-known medi- cinal herbs :—Sarsaparilia. Gentian, Burdock, Saffron. Lavender, and Dandelion combined in most happy pro- portions, and concentrated in a pure state, as well as being scientifically prepared to be suitable to all agas, and at all seasons of the year. Above all see that you get the right article, with the name GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS on Stamp, Label, and Bottle. Refuse all imitations, and insist upon having NOTHING SOT GWILYIL EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices : Bottles, 2s. 9d. ; double size, 4s. 6d. Sample bottles, is. lid. To be had of all Chemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANtIiTAOTURI NG CO., LTD. LLANELLY, SOU

===== 0002601_18950202_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFO E MA.O.ISTRATES.

A FEMALE PICKPOCKET. On TurAday morning ar the Borough Police Court. be- fore Mr. R. Garnett, and Dr. Smith, Louisa Gleave (15), 6, Dutton-St ,was charged with stealing from the person of Elizab, th Beckett, 3, Flinds-st., a purse containing 2s. Id. Mr Hunt, Chief Constable, stated that on Mon- day afternoon about four o'clock, the complainant was standing beside Mr. Greaves' pawnshop, In Church-st., intending to make some purchases. She had her purse in her hand and afterwards put it in her pocket. Hav- ing occasion to use it a moment later, she put her hand in her pocket and found that the purse was missing. Receiving information that defendant had been seen about the shop, complainant proceeded to 6, Dutton- Bt., and perceived defendant coming down an entry wit' the pune in her hand. Complainant took the purse from her, d ,endent saying that she found it in Church- at., and tt,ce roll away. tier father, however, brought her to the Police S` ation. When charged she said, " I would not have taken it only mother told me I was only a lodger." She had been up at the Police Station several times on strong suspicion.—Mr.Gleave, the girl's father, said she was beyond his control, and she net long ago stayed away from home a week.—The Bench ordered her to be sent to gaol for IA days, and afterwards for five years at a reformatory.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN olt CASES.

• WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman) Mr. F. Monks and Mr. J. W. Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Patrick Blake 9, Hi was fined 54. for being drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-street on Saturday night. TEMPORARY AIITHORITY.—Mr. Crimes was granted tempor iry authority to sell intoxicants at the Roebuck Inn • John M. Beacon was f.Tranted temporary authority to se'll as an off-license at 38, Miller's-brow in place of George H. Postle. A YOUTH'S DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT.—Charles Foster, Orford-lane. was charged witn having committed a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Aikin-street on the 24th inst.—Mr. A. Browne, solicitor said the case was more important than it first appeared as he was instructed to prosecute on behalf of Messrs. Platt and Sons, fustian cutters, Aikin-street. The defendant, he said, on the day in question was found by Mr. J. Holmes in one of the workrooms of Measrs.Platt's works talking insultingly to a girl-worker. He was turned out of this room but shortly afterwards Mr. Holmes was called to another room where he found the defendant "carrying on in a disgusting way." The defendant was again turned out, using horrible'languag,e which he continued outside the door. Be had since apologised to the firm and if he would n.ake a public assurrance that he would not annoy Platt's again or repeat his conduct they would withdraw the summons against him, defendant to pay the costs. The defendant herewith promised his future good behaviour. Be sc as bound over to keep the peace for 6 months and ordered to pay the costs. AN UNFOUNDED CHARGE.—ThOniaB COOkilnn, 6 Pier- point-street, was charged with having six wild rabbits in his posaession on the 18th January and suspected of coming from land.—P.C. Berry stated that on the 18th of the present month he met the defendant in Lovely- lane with a bag of live rabbits over his shoulder. Defen- dant told him that he got them from a man named Skelhorn in Bostock-street, and was taking them to the Imperial Hotel. Inquiries were made and it was found that no one owned the rabbits at the Imperial Hotel.— Mr. A. Browne. who appeared for defendant, said there was no case really against his client who had been in the Imperial Hotel when a Mr. Morris asked him to go with a man named Tranter who would eive him the rabbits and to bring them to Morris. rhe man was really going an errand for which he was to receive 61. The case was withdrawn by the police, but Morris who appeared to claim his rabbits was informed that they had been sold. STRZET OBSTRUCTION.—James Edward Pickup, 28 Horsemarket-atreet, was fined ss. for obstructing Lyme. street on the23rd January by leaving two large crates lying there for an unreasonable time. Ttnisrar.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and Dr. T. S. Smith. Errinvstort or riatz.—Mr. Kiernan (Patten Arms),was granted an extension of time at that place on the occa- sion ef the Catholic dinner party on Tuesday night. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for not sending their children regularly to school. Mr. George Riley prosecntei :—James Henni- ran, Buckley-se., 5.. ; Henry Tranter, Aikin-st., 2s 6d.; Henry Bate, Win%ick-road, sa. ; Ellen Mellor Arpley Walk, 2s. 61. ; Richard Tranter, Winwick-road, 2a, 61.; Chas. N. Woodman. 'Howley-lane, is.; George Foster, Church-st., is. ; Samuel B.ckett, Flaydock-st.. 55.; Wm. Partridge. Howley-lane, 3a. ;Walter Lunn. Dallam- lane, 2s 61. • Thomas Sloane. Crossley-st.. 2s. 6d. ; Wm. Brayshaw, Beswick•st., 21. 61. a

--- NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. Sezmusay.— Before Mr.T.J.Gillespie (chairman),Messrs. T. N. Pearson, S. S. Brown, and T. D. Grimke-Drayton: ' °cc/Bros/a LICENSRS.—John William Webster applied for an,oce-ssional lieense to sell in Haydock Park on January 31st, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.. on the occasion of a ploughing 'match —Richard Lythgoe applied for an occasional license to all at Earlestown Town Hall on Bth February from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m., en the occasion of a Conservative ball.—George Wavwell applied for an occasional license to sell at Ilaydock Park on January 29th, from 8 a m. to 5 p.m., on the occasion of a ploughing match.—The applications were granted. LICENSING ALTERATIONS.—The following applications were grinted :—Transfer of the Chapel House Inn, Sankey, to William Unsworth ; transfer of the Ansel Inn, Golborne, to Joseph Ridgway ; temporary autho- rity to sell in the General Elliot, Croft, to Henry Walker. DOGS AT LARGE.—For allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled, George Sturgess, Newton, wag fined 23. ed. ; Wrn Farr. Galborne, 2s. .6d. DRIItTICENNES4.—FOr drunkenness, the following per- sons were fined :—Matthew Stacey, Newton, ss. and costs ; Michael O'Neil, Newton ; John Finegan, Winwick ; James Bernard. Haydeek • Annie Dowid, Havdork • Joseph Gregson, Golborue, is. 61. and costs; William Fart, Golborne ; John Anderton, Golborne, ss. and cots ; James Scott, Golborne. 2s. 6d. OBSTRUCTION OF TUE FOOTPLTIS.—.Inseph Johnson, alias Joseph Phillips, Porshaw-street, Warrington, was charged with obstructing the road is Legh-st., Gr'ol borne, by leaving his horse and cart a quarter of an hoar without anyone in charge.—P.C.'s Halliday and Blundell proved the case, and defendant was fined 2s. fld. The Bench said that had not the defendant given the wrong came and address they would have looked over the case. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. Momnay.—Before Mr. C. W. flazleliurst (chairman; anl Mmsrs. S. Taylor, and E. unison. DESERTING His WIFE.—A man named William White, 17 Surrey-street, Runcorn, was summoned for wilfully neglecting to maintain his wife since deserting her on November 9, 1894. Mr. Allen, solicitor, repre- sent the defendant. The complainant stated that the defendant was her husband, she being ‘married to him in July last. On the 9'h November he borne home drunk and pushed her out of the house. lie then locked the front door and removed his furniture from the house by the hack entrance. She knocked at the door twice but could not gain admittance, and had to sleep ot herdaughter's house. On the following morning the key.wes fennd under the door, and she went to he

tam in Surrey-street and took out her furniture, after- wards giving the key tithe landlord. Her husband was employed by the town and earned 1.94. 6d. per week. She wrote to him asking for support towards her main- tenance, but be had never given her any since he left her in November.—Sarali West also gave evidence. For the defence Mr. Allen said it was a case where one said that she was put out of the house, and another said that she went out herself. He submitted that it was a clear case of desertion by the wife and that she left with- out any cause. The man was willing to again make a home for her, but he was not forced to maintain her when she took her furniture from the house and, left him. The magistrates thought the case had been proved and ordered the defendant to contribute 53. per week towards his wife's maintenance. CRUELTY TO A HORSE—Robert Davies, 23, Lowlands road, in the employ of the Runcorn Ce-operative Society, was charged with cruelly ill-treating a horse by working the same in an unfit state, and Jes,43 Leaeh, also in the employ of the Society, was charged with causing the horse to be so worked. Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C. A., stated that at 3.30 p.m. on January 11th he was in Walton-load, when he met the defendant Davies in charge of a brown gelding. The animal was very lame on the near fore leg from a sprain of the tendons. On examining it he found that the leg was very hot and swollen,and very tender. Davies told him that the horse had been lame some time, and stated that he was going to Frodsham. Be (witness) had the horse taken back to the stable. He saw Leach, who told him that he was foreman, and responsible for the sending out of the horse. He stated that he knew that the horse was lame, and that he had been rubbing embrocation into the leg. P.S. Gill gave corroborative evidence as to the lameness of the horse. It Was totally unfit for work. Mr. Dixon, veterinary surgeon, Warringtm, stated that he examined the horse on the 15th inst. It was then very lame, and unable to bear any pressure on the leg. Mr. Leach said there was very little lame- ness about the horse, but it had a peculiar gait. The magistrates dismissed Davies on payment of costs, and fined Leach £1 Iss. including costs. The money was paid by the cashierof the Co-operative Society. DRUNK AND DISORDERLT.—Patrick Taylor and Mary Taylor. husband and wife, Friar-st., were each fined for being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night.—Char- torte Rowson, for being drunk and disorderly in Low- lands-road on the 26th inst., was fined 10i. including costs. OCCASIONAL LICENSE.—Mr. Charles Dutton, manager of Wilson's Hotel, Runcorn, applied for and was granted an occasional license to sell at the Public Hall from nine o'clock until three a.m. on the occasion of the Shop Asaistants' Ball on the 30th inst. THEFT OF STOCHINGL—James Towev, who gave several addresses in Warrington. was charged with stealing! a pair of stockings value sixpence, the property of Mr. Hankey, Aleock-qt.. Runcorn, and further charged with hawing on the 27th inst. been found on the premises of Mr. J. Leach, Church-st., for an unlawful nurpose.—Mrs Sarah Hankey stated that about seven o'clock on Saturday night she left the house, but saw that it was secure. On her return about 8 30, she noticed that the light of the lamp was out, and when she got into the house she found the prisoner lying on the hearth with hie head on a cushion. The police were sent for and the prisoner was taken into custody. In , order to gain admittance the prianner had broken a pane lof glass. She identified the stockings produced as hav- ing been taken from the house. She did not miss them until the police brought, them to her that morning.—Mr. Hankey also gave evidence —lnspector Hicks stated that fr:m information he received from the last witness he sent P.C. Booth to the house of Mr. Hanksy. The prisoner, when breerght to the police station, seemed to be the worse for drink. Ho said he came from Warring- ton but gave twa wrong addresses. Mr Mulkey said he had missed nothing from the hoise, and it the man wool pcv him fo • l'ari window, he did not him to be locked op. The prisoner, however, Mr.T.PV. I constable was sent with him to see that, h left the town, and he saw him across Runcorn bride-. He must have come hack again the following Ight.—P C. Gregory deposed that ahout 10 o'clock no sonday night he was in Devonshire Square when he P, •P' the prisoner go to the hock premises of Mr. Morose' jeweller's shop. He afterwards went into Mr. Leach's entry. Witness followed him, and on hearing a noise in Mr. Leach's yard, he got through the ashpit door ' and sasi the prisoner crouched down in the yard. He asked the prisoner what he was doing there, to which he realied that he had got in the wrong yard. Witness Or' ught him to the police station and found the stockings pro- duced noon him. Mr. Leach also gave evidence for the prosecution. The magistrates committed the prisoner to gaol for 1.4. days hard labour on each charge. CHARON OF ILLTREATING • Do.—J. Picksto&„ young man who for some time lodged in Runcern, was charged with not appearing to answer a summons on the I.at October. for having on the 10th Sentember cruelly ill-treated a ring by kicking the same.—Elizaheth Shallcross stated that on the date named she was pro- ceeding towards the bridge intending to go to Widnes, accompanied by her dog. The defendant was abto in charge at a dog, and the two animals commenced fight- ing. Ile kicked her dog until she thought it was dead, and when she asked him why be had done it, he replied that he would do tho name to her. He also used foul language to her. The defendant denied doing anything to the does, but admitted separating them when they were fighting. He had been working at King's Lynn or he would have answered the summons.—The case was remanded for a week.

DOR AT LARGE.—James Hopley, Hatton.was fined 10s. and costs for allowing his dog to be at large unrnuzzled on November 27.—The defendant had failed to appear at the last court, day, hence the heavy fine. CONTRAVENTION OF THE SWINE FEVER 0 RDER.—Hannah Halliday, Dutton, was fined in the costs for that she on December 31, unlawfully azted in contravention of the Swine Fever Order of 1874. uuder the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, by causing to be removed two pigs, within the infeeted area,' without having obtained license to do so.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETFY: SESSIONS.

Tugsnay,—Reforc Mr. W. Lque• (chairman), Mr. James Tinals.v, Mr. H. Nicld, and Mr. H. Talbot.

DIIIINKRMNPSS.—For drunkenness, Joseph Partington, Hatton, was fined N. 6d. ; John Raweliffe, Appleton.

2s. (Iri. GUN FIRING ON THR TIIGHAVAY.—Frank Huvhea, Apple- ton. was charged with firing a gun within 50 feet of the highway, on Januar: 22,11. P.S. Gosling said he heard the report of a gun near Red-lane Bridge on the above date, and saw the defendant with the gun in his hand. He at once got his name and address. The defendant said he fired away from the road, and did not know he was doing anything wrong.—The magistrates imposed a fine of 24. 61. including costs. DRIVING Wmitomr REINS. Peter Lornaa, Sutton Weaver, was fined 24 61. for driving a horse and wagon ii Dutton without any reins attached thereto. Dag POACHING.—Isaac Snaih, Garden-row. Warring- ton,and Alfred France, Rose and Crown-st.,Warrington, were each charged that on January 2nd, in the township clatton, they committed trespass on land in the occu- pation of Henry 'Whitlow, in the pursuit of game. A gamekeeper to Sir Gilbert Greenall, said that on January 2nd, he saw the two men acting siis- picioualv. After a time they got over the gat,, into Mr.. Whitlow' field, and went to a net, where they took out .4 hare As soon as they saw witness the two men ran away along Dareshury-lane. Witness g..t intn a trap., and overt Inlt them in Dareshury hollo4, when they jumped into two fields, and went into different di,ec- tions. Witness followed Smith, and caught him with a hare and net in his possession. After secnring these, and knowing Smith well, witness followed af.er France, and caught him near Twelve Arches. He got his name and address, ant th matter was then reported to the police. There were thirteen previous convictions against Smit'a who was fined 304. and costs, or one month, and as there had been one pr-vious conviction for poaching against France,he was fined 20s.and costs,or one month. !Each man was avowed a week to pay the fine.

PP"

1895.

-IPII

Pr" PP' rzo- Mr- -cig, riar.. A LONG LIST of CIiOICE BOOKS to SELECT FROM. -se* (iNzr- --1---- i -11103 XZVXX3•C,Mr.."3IC-EILIPZTL".. —alba pa— ----_--,_ Clergymen, Schoolmasters and Schoolmistresses, Sunday-Owl —621 CM— --li---:: Superintendents and Feathers, may form " Book Clubs" amongst '11:101 Pr- ---.f•-••_7:- Parishioners, Congregations, and Scholars, and by collecting .Sua. light Soap Wrappers soon have a valuable Library. WM Pr' Pr' LEVER BROTHERS, LIMITED, , "47C1 ....4K Czar- Port Sunlight, -goo Da- Nr. BIRKENHEAD. -cin vii a ktittltlttitia, ,:.I.lhiligig A -1 it . , -4,4, 2 111.2(:

===== 0002601_18950202_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, 'FEBRUARY 2, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE HOSPITALS A FAILURE? INTERVIEW FRO I THE ESSEX TELEG RAPE[.

Irt consequence of instructions received to interview a lady who seems to have been a lamentalele instance of hospital failure, an " Essex Telegraph reporter called upon Miss Louisa Fenner, at Graea lane,Ardeigh, Essex- lass Fenner told the following story: "I am twenty- nine years old, and since the age of sixteen I have been an invalid. Thirteen years ago I became ill with disease of the spine, and for three months I was lying in the Royal Orthopedic flospital in London. Then I came home,g,radually getting worse,theugh all manner of treat- ment was tried upon me. I became a patient at the local hospital, and for seventeen months after I left that in- stitution I took medicine regularly without a break. The doctor at last gave me up. I was on the brink of the grave, and all my friends looked upon my case as hopeless. But you see," she added with a hearty laugh, "I am very much alive now, and, in fact, have never feit better."

_ " How, then, comes this wonderful change ?" "It happened in this way," said Miss Fenner's mother : " A short time ago we saw in the newspapers a report of the unexpected recovery of a young woman at Great Bentley through taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. The case of my daughter and the young woman at Great Bentley seemed so similar, that I asked Louisa to try the same Pills. She was that day, as she says, ca the brink of the 'grave, as pale as the sheets, and her hands cold as death. I was unable Ca leave her for a moment, for she herself did not hope to live the night through ; but a lady got a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for me. The improvement when she commenced to take them was truly wonderful. In four days the blood had come back to her—the change was quite apparent—and in eight days she seemed to be completely restored. I shall never forget the change hr.,ught about in those eight days. Friends who came to see my daughter were astounded. know," Mrs. Fenner continued, " that if people knew the benefit Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have con- ferred upon my daughter they would, say with me that they are indeed a blessing, and every- body should recognise what good they can do. She has an excellent appetite, and whereas she had been so pale, she has now got back tho colour she had when a girl. Another remarkable circumstance in my daughter's case is this: five years ago an attack of sciatica took away all feeling in the right sid..!. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have also restored her in this respect, and all -slm-ss hag 11 ~,peared. Her recovery 19, in

short, a miracle." "And," the daughter added, "Dr. Williams' Pills restored me when all else failed. For not only have I been in the Hospitals and undergone treatment of all kinds, but I have been into Lincolnshire, and to Harwich and Felixstowe, with the object of regaining health and strength."

- Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are not like other medicines, because they cure by directly enriching the blood and purifying it from disease, and thus strengthen the tissues of the body and give tone to the nerves. They cure in this way all such disesses as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration, and the tired 'feeling resulting therefrom, , diseases depending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipMas, &c. They restore pale and Fallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in the case of men they effect a radical cure in all cases arising from mental worry, overwork, or excesses of whatever nature. These Pills are not a purgative, and are absolutely safe, even for the :most delicate. This applies, how- ever, only to Dr. Williams' genuine Pink Pills ; substi- tutes and imitations are dangerous. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are only genhine in round wooden tubes, about two inches long, labelled with a circular containing Dr. Williams' directions for use, and secured in a wrapper of pink paper, printed in red ink. Purchasers should look for the full name, Dr. Williams'-Pink Pills for Pale People. Anything sold as such without this is fraudu- lent, and Dr. Williams'. Medicine Company will pay a reward for private information. The Pills are sold by nearly all chemists, or rintiy be had from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Holborne-viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
APPALLING DISASTER AT SEA.

NEARLY 400 PERSONS DROWNED. A disaster of an appalling character occurred in the North Sea at an early hour on Wednesday. The Nord- deutscher Lloyd Company's mail steamer Elbe was run into by another steamer and sank in a few minutes, naming with her about 380 persons. The collision took place about five o'clock in the morning, when most of the passengers and crew were asleep. The night is reported to have been perfectly clear, but there was a heavy sea running. As there were many vessels about, the Elbe sent up rockets and sounded her whistle, hut the steamer that struck her apparently took no notice of these signals. The stem of the colliding steamer cut right through into the engine-room of the Elbe, and the water rushed in rapidly. Efforts were made by the sailors to launch the 'boats, but the statements as to the number actually latiriched,varY. Twenty persons, most of them members of the drew, escaped in one boat, and were nicked up, after floating for five hours, and landed at Lowestoft. The British steamer, Crathie, which ar- rived yesterday at Maasluis with her bows stove in, and which reported having ,beeri in collision with an un- known steamer at five o'clock, t.hat morning, is sup- posed to.be the one that sank he Elbe.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL,

('IRICKETERS should acquire the •• Pocket Diary and ) Companion" issued by the° W& i-known Sports Manu- factures, Georg, G. Bus-ey t Co., Decklitrn, London. AU the information Cricketers require is fount therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will gs in the waistcoat poel, et. Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d.„ postage id. It you are not atisfied G. G. B. at,.Co. wail return the price.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY.

WARRINGTON RANGERS V. Ti, SS N.-W. Loco SEEDS.— This match waS played on the ground of the former on Saturday. The visitors started the ball, and the play was of a very even character. After abut half an hour's play Plinston caught hold and kicked well, and the Rangers' forwards following up smartly, Savage scored, Siddle converting from a somewhat difficult place. At half-time the homesters were leading by one goal to nil. In the second half the Rangers almost con- tinually pressed, Savage scoring early on an unimproved try. From some loose play Evans scored for the Rangers. Plinston scored a good try behind the posts, and Siddle improved. This seemed to rouse the visitors up a little, and from loose play Llewellyn scored under the vlsts for the Loco's, Forster kicking a good goal. Time was shortly afterwards called, leaving the humes- ters the winners by two goals two tries to one goal. ASSOC I A TION.

—„,-- ST. MARY'S Y. PENKETH RESERTE.—Warrington Junior League played at Arpley on Saturday last and resulted in a win for the visitors. Play in the first half was very even, both sides having hard lines, but from a mistake on the part of one of the Saints' backs Penketh managed to score and were leading at half-time by one goal to nil. In the second half the hemesters had most of the play, J. Hayes scoring the first goal for the Saints, who kept up the pressure but could not add to their score. The visitors now became dangerems and scored their second goal. The Saints claimed for off-side but the point was allowed. This reverse seemed to rouse the homesters who kept up a pr'ssure on the Penketh goal and from a free kick in goal mouth rushed the ball through, but the point was not given in and the game ended Penketh, 2 goals; St. Mary's, 1 goal. lei/ARRINGTON V. ST. ELPIIIN'S.—PIayed at the Cricket ground, the state of the ground spoiling accurate play. The home team were without 0.-moor, but Phillips turned out for the first time ,t,his se ison. St. Elphin s kicked , off and their left wirik ran down. Phillips clearing. Still ' attacking, a free kick from Warrington gave relief and Carroll tried a shot which was easily cleared. Evans stopped a rush, but not to be denied, St. Elphin's gained a corner, Webster clearing in fine style. Mather and Linaker pulled up the left wing and transferred to Nor- man, who was beaten at the other end by Colley. Half- , time arrived with nothing scored. At the restart St. Elphin's pressed, but spoiled a good chance by hands. Still attacking the visitors' left got past the hacks and sent in a stinging shot which Webster cleared brilliantly. Carroll and Smithson got down but shot wide and the ' ball was quickly brought back. Webster bringing off a magnificent save amid loud cheers. Wilson put in a good shot when pressed, which was well got rid of by. the goalkeeper at the expense of a corner, Forbes clear- ing out of danger. Linaker returned, the ball being passed along to Norman, who centred finely, Mather meeting and landing it safely into the net. St. Elphins pressed but shot badly, Williamson sending out of danger. Even play followed till the whistle blew, War- rington winning by one coal to nil, RUNCORN RECREATION V. Dirrota.—The game between these teams on Saturday at Runcorn, was evenly con- tested for some time, until the Ditton forwards coming dewn with a rush one of them scored under the posts, a goal resulting. The home men now had a loek in and transferred play to the other end. The forwards break- ina away Houghton passed to Thompson, who ran in nicely. The kick at goal failed. The game was con- tinued at a good pace, and one of the Dtton baeks took a flying kick which sent the ball over the bar, and at f-time the score was DitLon, two goals ; Recreation, one try. Re•starting, Dittnn again broke away, arid a couple of the home backs mulling, another try was re- gist .-red for the visitors. After this reverse the Recs. played up hard, and were soon again in their opponents' quarters, where they were allowed a free kick,from which Worrell placed,a goal. The game was kept at high pressure, and the 'visitors succeeded in adding a couple more tries to their score. When the whistle sounded for time the score stood—Dillon, two goals, three tries, and four minors; Runcorn, one goal, one try, three minors.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND GY N ASTIC DISPLAY AT WA RRINGTON.

MR. KINSLEY'S BENEFIT.. , BONING CONTEST. , On Tuesday evening the Warriegton Gymnasium was crowded to excess when a grand gymnastic display and assault at arms was given by the members assisted by the two northern counties' champions, Mr. E. Stanley andiMr. H. Haslam, for the benefit of Mr. J. Kinsley, the popular and skilled gymnastic instructor. At the time of:opening, the Mayor (who was announced to pre- side) had not appeared, therefore Mr. T. Morris, F.G.S. (President) took the chair and apologised for the Mayor's temporary absence._ . The evening's performance was opened with the dumb-bell exercise by the members of the boys' and girls' classes, who accomplished the drill with most praiseworthy precision. Next came an ex- hibition on the rings by the male members, whose excel- lent display evinced the careful tvaining they had receiv- ed. The club exereise.proyed quite a treat to the audience who fully appreciatedithe skilful and regular motions of the ladies taking part. Parallel bars were then brought forward and the members of the ladies' class gave a clever exposition of the elementary bars exercise, fol- lowed by the men who displayed numerous feats of strength and dexterity, the formation of a pyramid of 6 gymnasts-2 on the bars and the others on their shoulders calling forth tremendous:applause. Mr. Fair Turner and Mr. Harry Ashton were now announced for the event of the evening. viz., a three round boxing contest. When the. contestants entered the room they were loudly cheered and it was seen that in their size there was nst much disparity though Turner had the advantage in weight. In the first round Turner corn-, menced well and got in one or two good blows, but Ashton equalized with a clever feint enabling him to return, Turner. however gave back with interest and a bout, of sharp striking terminated the round.—Turner led off in the face, following up well in heat 2, Ashton occasionally getting in a well planted blow. Matters then became more equal, both opponents showing them- selves skilful exponents of the" noble art."—The third and final heat was lively but not , of long duration as Ashton by a smart stroke caused Turner's nose to bleed and the latter thereupon retired. A tug of war—boy's v. girls—was then covnenced and after a short struggle the " weaker sex" enceneded in hauling their oppon- ents Over the line amid loud cheers.' The position of th teams was then reversed, for the boys in the I second round drceaethe' girls across the boundary, but in l the next round the ladies succeeded in winning without much difficulty and were very- loudly applauded. High jumping was the next itear,and in this four ladies were pitted against four Men, the former jumping from the spring board and the latter from the floor. Both parties went along easily until five feet was reached when the men dropped out, Fred Bennion and A. Dickens being the last in. The ladies continued until 5 feet. 51n. was reached, MiFs E. Daintith belng the only one capable of clearin, thie height, though M 1391 L. Allen ran her very close and Miss N.Mottram also made plucky attempts to keep on. Miss F. • Jones and Miss W. Jones now en- gaged in a club ditet,in which both kept perfeet time with the music thronehout,,the whole of an intricate exercise. Double horizontal bars were then rigged up, and the members of the men's class gave a cleverly executed performance, some of the feats being excep- tionally diffictilt and just as successful. Rope climbing by the ladies was an innovation, but they went up and , down the rones with sailor-like ability—a matter of sur- nrise as well as gtatificia`tioh to those who witnessed it. The combined classes terminated the programme with the vaulting horse' both ladies and boys going over with lightness and grace. though some of the latter cau-sd amusement hy a little unintentional scrambling. -In all the exhibitions taken part in by the men, Mr, Kingsley led the way,and was followed by the two cham" piens. Stanley and Haslam. The latter were plainly all- round men of the " firsttwater," and their feats of gymnastic excellence fully realised 'all expectations. Both are the proud possessors of numerons handsome medals. The following are the ladies and gentlemen included in the classes :—tidies' cla,ss : L. Allen, K. Brundrett, M. Rrierjev, M Briindrett, E. Chadwick, H. Dakin, E. Daintith, F. Jones, E. Jenkins, W. Jones, G. Johnsen, .T. Johnson. N. lalottrarn, r.t. Rogers. Mrs. Taylor. 'Men's class : F. C. Bennion;* W. Bamber, R. Corbett, A. Dinken§, J. Daviee, W. Fletcher, A. Mottram, J. more, G. N. Vernon, A. Vernon. J. Vernon. Girls' class N. Andertnn, F. Bowcocic, P. Burrows, A. Chantry, J. Chantry, B. Clegg. M. Dolan, E. Grimshaw, E. Gl.wre. L. Cleave, C. Houghton, A. Harrison, M. Hill. W. Piger, M. Raidall, B. Whittle. Bogs'. class : T. Bosenw, C. Borrows, E. J. Critchlev. T. Crite,hley.H. Dolan, S. Daintbh, T. flonghtnn. W. Houghton, G. Hulse, J, Leslie, Menke,H Roberts, J. W. Scott, W. Turner. W. Warren, J. Warren. Miss Stirrup supplied the musical accompaniment to the drills. Shortly after the commencement of, the prozramme, the Mayor (CouncAlor James Fairclough) arrived and to' k his place :Is chairman, and later nn, Mr.T. Morris, F.G.S.. asked the audience to join with him in one round of epnla use for the presence ra the Mayor and Mstyriress that evenine. He (the Mayor) would not have been in his present p.;isitinn if he had not ham a good and worthy *cit,zeia ot the town. The speaker hoped it wenld not he the last time that the Mayor would preeide at the Gymnasium, hut he did not know whether it was the Chairman's presence or that of the Northern Cham- pions which had brought such a vast attendance, but be was sure they all deserved a round of applause. This was heartily accorded, and the Mayor, in rescions?. thanked Mr. Morris, and hoped that the in- stitution would he a success in Warrington. Re thought the young men in Warrington should take the fullest advantage of the gymnasium. and he knew their pre- sence would be welcome. (Applause ) . The National Anthem,- sung in chorus, brought the evening's enjoyment to a happy termination.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Ni A I, 1-{ IN GTON

NEW COLONEL OF THE W A.aar NGTON, VOLUN TEERS. Major J. H. Ridgway has been gazatted Lieut.- Colonel of the Ist Vol. Battalion (Prince of Wales Volunteers) South Lancashire Regiment and will now take full command of the regiment. For some years Major Ridgway has manifested considerable interest in the welfare of our local Volunteers, and the honour which has been conferred upon him has been thoroughly earned. Lieut.-Col Ridgway has been connected with the corps for hbout 14 or 15 years. It may be interesting to note that the colonel's grandfather, Captain Clare, was one of the old" Bluehacks." SEWING MaCansgs, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. witt handsome walnut cover.—.l. and W. DUTTEIN, 16 land 13 Sankey-. warrington.— 4 dvt. SUDDEN DEATH AT WARRINGTON. Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest on Tuesday, at the Police Station, on the body of James Carty, 4, Rylands Court, Foundry-street, who was found dead on Monday. Mary Smith, daughter of the deceased said that her father lived by himself at the above address, and she occasionally visited him. She gave him something to eat on Sunday evening, and did not again see him alive. On Monday evening, she knocked at the door, and receivei no answer, but she went away again, as her father often slept dur- ing the day. John Smith, husband of the last witness, said that his wife asked him to go to the house later on to see if her father had got up. He received no reply when he knocked at the door,and thinking something was the matter, he forced open the door, and found the deceased lying upon the floor. There was then no fire in the house. The jury returned a verdict of " Death from natural causes." SEWING MACHINES Rani £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome vnlnut cover —I and W. DUTTON. 18 and 18 Sankey-et., Warrington Advt. LONG SERVICE MEDALS FOR WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS. The following members of the Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment have been awarded medals for long service :—Corporal J. Beswick, Lance- Sergeant J. Bramwell, Private R. Caunce, Sergeant J. Cliffe, Colour-Sergeant A Daniels, Private J. Dean, Lance-Sergeant 11. Devonport, Sergeant B. Dolan, Colour-Sergeant. T. Haeelden,Quartermaster- Sergeant W. Heaton, Privates W. Hill and C. Hollo- well, Colour-Sergeant T. Jolley, Lance-Sergeants M. Kenny and T. Minshull, Bugle Major D. Plinston, Colour-Sergeants W. Plinston and A. Potter, Sergt. J. Seddon, Band-ierg4ant T. Smith, Corporal T. Strettle, Sergeant T. Tunstall, 'Corporal J. Walker, Pioneer-Sergeant W. Warburton, Paymaster-Sergt. T. Watmough, and Colour-Sergeant W. Wood. ALL 140111WHOLD LINEN. hemmed and marked, free of eharge.—.l. and W. Humus Sankev-st.. Warrington.---Advt. A DETERMINED ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE. At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday, before Mr. J. Tinsley, John Atkinson, aged fifty, a collier, residing at Golborne, was charged with at- tempting to commit suicide on the previous day. Two men who were on the railway bridge near Golborne, saw Atkinson on the railway beneath pull off his coat and put his head on the metals. An engine was coming towards him at the time. The men shouted, and Atkinson raised his head and was untouched by the engine as it passed him. They took charge of him and handed him over to a con- 'table. When charged he said, "Yes, 'intended to do it." Prisoner was remanded to the Warrington ' County Seeminne, to be held on Wednesday next. SHWING MA,,friNS Hand PE I.Bs. 64. Treadle £4 41. with 'handsome walnut cover.--T. and W. DuTvom, 16 and 13, Sankey-at.. Warrington. - A dvt . CONSERVATIVE WARD MEETINGS. The annual meeting of the Conservatives of Fair- field Ward was held in the Assembly-room of the Conservative Club, Sankey-at., on Monday evening, Alderman Hutchinson in the chair, and present Councillors Longton and Woods, Mr. J. H. J. /lamp- son (secretary of the ward), and others. Alderman Hutchinson Was elected chairman of the ward for the ensuing year, Councillors Longton, R. T. Fair- dough, and Alfred Woods, vice-chairmen, and Mr. Hampeon was re-appointed hon. sec.—The annual meeting of the Conservatives of the Town Hall Ward was held at the same place on Tuesday even- ing. Councillor Shillcock presided, and the au- dience included Councillor Muir, and Messrs. G. Jolley, E. G. Robertson, and Jame.; Strettle (hon. sec.). Councillor Smethurst (who was unavoidably absent) was re-elected chairman, C mneillor Shill- cock and Messrs. A. J. Jolley, and E Aukland, and Charles Holland, vice-chairmen, and Mr. James Strettle, hon. sec. At each meeting the usual votes of thanks were accorded 215.--Plftv-threa Articles Sheffield Cutlery and Plate. Knives, Forks and spoons.—CisaLcan, Ironmonger, Bridge- treet.— Advt.

SCENE AT A. LOCA.T. THEATRE. On Saturday night a large audienee assembled it the Theatre Royal to witness a performance by the "Jack o' Hearts "Company. During the evening someone stood on a form near one of the walls and support 4 hiniself by leaning on one of the gas brackets. The gas pipe broke, with the result that there was a serieue escape of gas. Several persona made a rush -kir the door, and the one. next to Messrs Walker's public-house was forced open. At, the request of the manager the majority of those present kept their seats, and those who had rushed out, finding there was no danger, returned to the building. The leakaee having been stopped the play was proceeded with. 218 —Fifty-three articles, Sheffield Cutlery. and Plate Knives, Forks and Spoons--GlabkND, Ironmonger, Bridge- street. —Advt. ACCIDENT AT THEVENTRAL RAILWAY STATION. A startling aceident-occurred at the Central Rail- way Station on Saturday afternoon. S ortly before one o'clock an engine and tender were running from the main line into a siding nfe-he station with the view of shunting on to another line upon which. it would rnn into ths large warehouse near. Prom some Cause, however, the brakes of the engine would not act, and it crashed into a horse-box which was standing in the 'siding. So greet was the force that the onla-bleck of, the siding was wrenched from its position and thrown a distance of about. etx yards. The brickwork and other masonry adjoining was torn up, and in addition to this damage the fodtbeard of the horsebox was broken. The interior of the conch was compara- tively undamaged. A few moments befnre the in. . crient a valuable horse ,had been taken from the horsebox, ALL Housanor.n TANEN, hemmed and ma.rl,vd ea "f charge.—J. and W. Incrrots. Sonkey-st.. Warrington.—Adve LECTURE AT THE NIUSL'UIt. On Monday evening the first of !..van lectures on " Tanning" (under the auspices of the Warrirgton Technical Instruction Committee), was given by Mr. J. Gordon Parker, Ph. 0.. F.G.S.. of the Leather Inclu‘triesi Laboratory, Yorkshire (l lee. Leeds, in the Lecture Ilall at the Museum. There were about 120 persons present, mostly ernplevere and men en- gaged ire the tanning trade. Courmillor Roberts presided, and said the lectures were being given with the idea of classes on tanning being formed in the Technical School next year. The lecturer dealt with the structure of the hide. unheiring and the treatment in the lime yard. The hide should not he soaked in the first water for mere than an hour, It should then be put in a second water, where it could be left longer, and then , into a , third and fourth water until properly soaked. The hide should not be left in the first water too long. A great deal of weight was lost, in the FoAking ot the hides, and this was because practical men were iealens of ad- vice given them by scientific men. After describ- ing the fleshing process, he said that it was neces- sary for all lime to he got out, of the hides by soak- ing, as if it, was left in it would cause the leather to be of a dark miner. He thanked them all for thA patient hearing they had given him, and trusted that they would go away inspired to know more of the science of tanning. At the close Mr. Long spoke of the pleasure it had given him to listen to Mr. Parker. and congratulated the Technical Com- mittee upon the interest they were showing in the various trades. FATAL TRAP ACCIDENT AT WARRINGTON. Mr. S. Brighoeee, counts, coroner, held on inquest at the parade room of the Polies Station on Tues- day afternoon. on the body of Samuel Brittle, aged nine years, of 15 Edward-street, who died early on Saturday morning,hv being run over in Edgeworth- street on the previous day. Henry Collins, 27, Beatnont-street. stated that he foes the deceased going along with other boys down E teeworth-st. When nearing an entry, a vehicle loaded with manure came out, and deceased not seeing it ran into the horse's chest. The driver did not know what had happened and drove on. Witness polled ; the deceased away, nod called the attention of the ; driver to the aecident. In his opinion he did not think the driver was to blame—Thomas Trainer, one of the lads with the deceased at the time of the accident, said he believed one of the wheels went ovorr the deceased he was not kieked.—A youth named John Burke, the driver, of the cart, said he was net aware of the accident until hie attention was drawn to it by Mr. Collin. Ile had not previ- ously seen the boys. He was unaccustomed to horses —Mies Robert,nurse at the Infirmary, said the deceased suffered from a broken hip and from internal injuries. He .was unable to state how the accident arose.—They jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," attaching no blame to the driver.

I j

===== 0002601_18950202_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET ACCIDENT.

Whilst walking down Heath-road on Tuesday night, a man named William Gessley, residing at Halton, slipped and fractured his right leg, a little above the ankle. Dr. McKenzie was immediately sent for, and he attended to the injured limb. The man was then taken home in a cab. NEW MAGISTRATES. '

At Chester, on Saturday, an adjourned Sessions for the qualifying of magistrates was held. The Court was formed of Messrs. Duncan Graham (in the chair), J. Brundrit, and Phillip Speakman. There were 18 gentlemen who qualified, including Mr. E. Inaison, chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council, and Mr. John Mclntyre, chairman of the Runcorn Rural District Council. SATURDAY NIGHT POPULAR CONCERTS. There was a large audience present at the con- cert at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Saturday, at the usual penny concert. Mr. Joseph Monks, jun., occupied the chair. An excellent pro- gramme had been provided by Mr. James Mills, which was exeouted in a manner which left nothing to be desired. The artistes were the Glee Party, and friends from the Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay. The first item was a quartette, " Little Bo Peep," by Mrs. Joseph Monks, Miss C. Ashley,Mr. T. Pownall, and Mrs. Hassall,the render- ing of which reflected great credit upon the party, and proved an excellent start to the evening's enjoyment. They also contributed with -equal success," Anchored," " Now the grass with dew is wet," and "The Village Blacksmith," on each occa- sion well earning the enthusiastic applause accorded. Mr. T. Pownall gave a capital rendering of the "Larboard Watch," and was warmly , applauded. Miss Clara Ashley was very happy in the rendering of her song, "To-morrow will do," and Mrs. Joseph Monks was heard to considerable advantage in her song "Daddy." and was warmly applauded. Mr. Edward Pownall sang "The Diver," Mr. Millington," The Stowaway." and Mr.S. Hassell, "My Sweetheart when a Boy," each re- ceiving hearty applause. The Chairman con- tributed a recitation, "The Lifeboat," and a " Humorous Speech." Mr. Fred Gleave was the humorist of the evening, contributing two songs. This was the firstlime this artist has appeared at I these concerts and he met with a flattering recep- tion. The Glee Party brought a most successful evening to a close by the quartette " Good Night." Mr. Fred Atkinson and Miss Gleave Nacre the accom- panists. Mr. S. B. Stringer said this was the first complete programme that had been provided and , given by any one outside themselves. He had,l therefore, great pleasure in proposing that a very hearty vote of thanks be given, first to Mr. Mills for the excellent programme, and also to Mr. Monks for so ably presiding. The motion was heartily agreed to.—The programme presented at Ileathside Infants' School on Saturday was varied and inter- esting, and gave great pleasure to those•who braved the bad weather to attend. The following singers gave their valuable services:—Miss A. Oxley,Messrs. Faushaw, Newell, and Dutton, while instrurnental items were given by Mr. llopki,s (clarionet), the Misses Jowett,and Mr. A.Pickton ; the latter shared with Mrs. Pigot the responsibility of accompanying the performers. Mr. John Clark occupied the chair, and spoke hopefully of the work these entertain- ments are intended to accomplish. 215.—Fifty•three Articles, Sheffield Cutlery and Plate, Knives, Forks and Spoons.—GARLAND, Irounlonger, Bridge- si reet.—Advt. ig AGED lEOPLIIB TREAT COEIMITTEr..

A meeting of the Old Mea and Women's Treat Committee took place at the George Inn.Sankey-at., on Friday evening,week to balance up the accounts for the late treat at the Drill Hall, when there were present—Alderman Sutton (in the chair),Alderman Wright (hen. secretary), Mr. Thomas Morris, F.G.S. (hon. treasurer), Councillors Alfred Woods and Jas. Smethurst, Messrs. George Pilling, Peter Chritnes, Harry Toft,and Arthur Sutton (assistant secretary). The receipts from the several collection books amounted to nearly £75, which is a great falling off from previous years. The accounts were pre- sented and passed. The Hon. Treasurer finds that the claim upon the funds in hand have been ex- ceedingly heavy this year, on account of having to entertain over 1,000 aged people. He is wishful the, anyone who has not already subscribed will forward to him a donation to help him to produce as favourable balance sheet as in previous years.—At the conclusion of the business meeting the members of the committee, with Messrs. H. W. Cook- son, John fiedgcock, T. J. Hulse, Alfred Jolley and B. Grimshaw, invited guests, par- rook l of an excellent dinner provided by Mr. Thomas rfalton. After the cloth was removed the toast of the Queen was submitted by the President and loyally received. The toasts following were the President, the Hon. Treasurer, the lion. Secre- tary, the two new members of the committee (Messrs. Toft and Woods), who all suitably responded. A pleasant evening was spent, Several songs, recitations and caricatures were given by Messrs. George Pilling, Hulse, H. W. Cookson; and Councillor A. Woods. During the evening the toast of those who had collected the largest amount of subscriptions was submitted. these gentlemen— Messrs. H. Tat, Peter Cbrimes and Mired Jolley— responding. Mr. Thomas Morris casually mentioned the fact that a sum of .£45,000 from their works alone had been deducted from the wages list during

the past year, and ae money always made money, he was convinced that, the shoe would pinch some- one somewhere. Rowever, he wad delighted to say . .

that this year there was a prospect of a happier state of things for Warrington generally, and he hoped that at the end of the year the subscriptions to the old people's treat would increase by leaps and

bounds. • ALL HOUSEHOLD Lixxs hemmed and marked, free of nharYs —.l. and W DITYrow, Sankey-0, Warrineun,—Aivt. CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHERS' MEETING. The quar,terly meeting of the :Warrington and District Stinday School -Teachers' Association.was- held on Tuesday evening 'in the Holy Trinity Schools, ffiuseum-s., tie Rv. E. C. E. Carleton in the chair. The Chairman explained that Mr. Ag- new, of the Bank of England, Liverpool, who had promised toread a paper on "The Sunday School Teachers! Opportunities," was unable to be present • owing to a serious illness, but an excellent substi- tute had been found in the person of the Rev. F. B. Tyrer, of Everton, Who at a short notice would speak to them upon " Sunday Schools in their rela- tion to the Church."—The Rev. F. B. Tyrer, in the course of an interesting psper,remarked that,while not concerned about the future well:are of . the Church, he thought that the secularizing tendency of modern legislation and the sgi,f,ressive activity of scepticism and infidelity 'gave just ground, he would not say for alarm, but for a most careful examination of their position and of their mach's. inery for doing spiritual work. the'Sunday school should be a nursery to the Church, where the Mas- ter's influence was felt. The Sunday school shPuld be as unlike the day School as possible,and it should be both bright and cheerful. There should be a thoroughly efficient staff of teachers. He did not believe in theological tests as applied to Sunday school teachers, who, however, should be, loyal to the church to which they belonged. Any teacher who differed widely,in evupathy end feeling with his parish clergymen had only one course open to him, and that was to seek another sphere in which to work 'harmoniously and cordially, or else to re- tire quietly from the rank of an active teacher, although he should not act hastily. The scholar should have the greatest amount of information given to him on a given subject, and the teacher should get from him the greatest amount in return! by way of answer. Individuality was the gift of nod, and to counterfeit that of another was to court conspicuous failure. Story reading and tales were counterfeit, and equally certain not to suc- ceed. The Catechism should be taught fully ad carefully, and the children's services in the school should be made as much like those in the church as possible. 'The children should form the choir collect the offertory, and do all that was possible as the. adults did in the ordinary services. A diEcussion of an interesting character followed,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
pAPER RULED TO ANY PATTIak

BAKEIti AND CONFECTIONERS'

INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, LONDON, 1894

JAMES HORTON,

BARR-R. &c., LATCHFORD,

runny, 13WHHTNIISS AND .IiXOIILLIONOB

OF BRE AD.

HOVIS BREAD,

As supplied to Her Majesty, The Queen.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER.'

BEWSEY STREET.

JOHN WALKER AND CO

Pit OPRIET tMS 04'

• 7;11E EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

WHICH COMPRISE MEM Warrington # Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and 4qllton, Colborne and Hayclock Reporter, published FridaV afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire cosi field. . THE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the' centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Sinfi- om. &C.

rTHE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It Is the only Weekly Paper in the distriCt. tald offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Widn:s Examiner, published Friday after- 1_ noon. Whines contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sala, TAO Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other PubliC Notieea, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted hi 'lithe above papers at one charge.

- Each ef the above papers consists of 8 pars. 56 long on wide columns,each column admitting more matter than tile columns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atte tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Ex amtner , IC 4dditiol to giving the local intelligence of the district. 93 which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad"r tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, 1 Q TO BE LETS, XL, WORDS, 6D.. ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 werds. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Dd. 27 Os. 9d. ... 30d. ... Is. Od. 36 ls. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od• 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. ss. 0. 54 ls. 13d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. O. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise; ment specified below, and are strictly coufined to thos which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOtt PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be chargeu by the Business scale APARTIVENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO I•A`T EIOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District OfficeB' or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. stasiPs received for amounts under 54.

PRINTING ! PRINTING !

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER,"

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Carefal and Prompt Attention co the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the producTtion of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic tri to the biggest mural." Mammoth " are available t , the public, at prices which are strictly moderate: Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the ban of business men. They find it doesn't pay to ha"' it—even at" the lowest tender." , •", ,

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Ssie 'molars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Conner"' Soirees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, 5n3,44', Be-operative Societies; Cnicket Club Rules, Time Sheets o,o° Books, Note Headings, Memorandume, Work Notes, Bill Hes° Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards. Handbills. Se.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other. requiring Printing of any description, are requested to ii4l • I trial.

Q ---- 1)17 1.1 ATTENTION paid to Neatness nnd 0

Elegance in PROSPEOTUSE, PROGRAMMES. Lc'

LJOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDEUTAKK PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARL;S, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OP GUARDIANS.' ... PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANir'' PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR mut:cans, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS. • PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, - PRINTING FOR ALI-I. PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETW' THE "EXAMINER " WORKS, BEwsSTos: PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORE PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FO PROGRAMMES. FOR PROGRAMMES FOR SCCOOOINNRCVEEEERRSIS..AZ S. lONEg PROGRAMMES •olt FETES, &c.

SPECIALITY:

_ ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 1100°.

r • , 31- V' If , Egr -"k • ' . , , • • J

===== 0002601_18950202_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKBINDING!

--- --- ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL, lIINES 01' BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, rRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JouN W ALKIM AND

BETSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

Vl7 YCLIFP' CONGR EGA.TIO SAL CHU R,Oll. ANNUAL TEA MEEFING. A SATISFACTORY REPORT. On Thunday evening, last week, the annual tea meeting in connection with the above church was held in the schoolroom, Bewsev St., Warrit gton, when about 260 persons partook of an excellent repast. The ladies presiding at the varicus tables were :—Mrs. John Yong°, Mrs. Wylie, Mrs. Z Armitage, Mrs. T. Hawthorne, Mrs. H. Kith- bone,Mrs. Wm. Roberts, Mrs. George Brown, Mrs. Geo. Jeffery, Mrs. Harbourne, Mrs. J. Podmore, Miss Gray, Mrs. Atkinson, Mrs. Bowker, and Miss Beswick. The room was very prettily decorated with fairy lamps, fans, banners, and bueting, the following ladies being res- ponsible :—Miss Paul, Mrs. Gleave, Miss Miss Knowles,Miss LiZZie Knowles, and the Misses Smith, Mr. ' James Brown,Mr. Joseph Owen, and Mr. David Owen. The lamps and plants were kindly lent by Mrs. R. H. Pearson. Tea disposed of, the room was cleared for the after meeting, at which the chair was taken by the Rev. J. Yonge:(pastor). The initiatory hymn having:been sung' Mr. YONGH said he supposed he need hardly tell them that it gave him considerable pleasure to be spared to meet there again,his friends and members of the church on that annual occasion. He thought that would hethe 19th annual tea party of Wycliffe Church at which he had had the honour to be present. He was getting old amongst them, but if they liked him as well as lie liked them he hoped they would have some years yet together. (Hear, hear and applause.) The rev. gentleman was sorry that there were some friends, whom he should have liked to have seen, absent from the meeting. I There was Mr. Z. Armitage whose bad state of health prevented his attendance but who regretted very much I that he was not with them and not shle to occupy the position which he (Mr. Yenge) would endeavour to fill. Mr. Wylie was also compelled to be absent owing to a business engagement, and there were other members of the congregation whose hearts were with them but their bodies,unfortunately not. (Laughter.) He had thought, r however, that they might congratulate one another upon the goodly attendance present and that under the cir- cumstancee, all met with a great deal of comfort, as he thought they would all agree with him that the room never looked no pleasing as it did that evening. (Applause.) The committee of friends who so kindly undertook the decorative arrangements, had been very successful in converting the whitewashed . walls into so pleasing an effect. Be was sure th would all be thankful to them and congratulate them upon their success. Speaking of Wycliffe generally, he thought that taking things altogether, and considering the depressing times they had been passing through, they had reason to be thankful for the condition of things existing in the church and ccrigreeation at the present time. With the exception of the inclement Sundays the congregations had been fairly goed,though he was bound to say that upon all opportunities they would be exceedingly enc.: uraged and benefited if their friends would recollect that there was a service on Sun- day morning at 10.30. (Applause.) The evening con- gregations were not to be complained of, hut he had sometimes wished that the members of the Church and congregation would make the effort to be present in the morning. They began New Year's Sunday with cen- siderable improvement, hut the weather since then had been bad, and last Sunday week was exceptionally un- fortunate. It was very pleasing to know that as regards the church there had been a very considerable increase in its membership during the past year, and that was a matter to be note], inasmuch as they had not been in a position to make that statement for several years. The money received by the church during 1894, notwith- standing the depression in trade, still was over £l,OOO. (Loud applause.) If they took into consideration the very critical condition of trade and commerce it was something to be thankful for that £1,033 had been received in Wycliffe Congregational Church. Their P.S.A. meetings still continued to be succes=ful and though they commenced throe sears ago they would see that it still heel the hold upon the men (I the town it had had for the last two years. The Young People's Society still continued .to attract a large number ef . young people on Monday evenings, and the Christian ' Endeavour Society was slowly making its way amongst them. During the last 12 months some of their mem- bers were elected to a position which membsrs of Wycliffe Church never occupied before. They had three members of Wycliffe now upon the body known as ,he Beard of Guardians,—(loud applause),—and the first lady guardian for Warringt)n belonged to Wycliffe Church. (Applause.) There was Mrs. Clay who headed the poll of the town as well as Whitecross ward, mid was fairly entitled t,—and he was sure received—their heartiest congratulations on the fact. (Applause.) Per- sonally, he was glad 'indeed that members of Wycliffe Church had come to occupy positions in the town of such inNence and responsibility. He thought that under no circumstances should such a position be held by persons of one pelitical belief or creed. All Causes should be represented, and he was glad that Wycliffe people were taking their right and proper places in such matters in the town. The rev, gentleman intimated that there were matters in which they wanted more help —in the more iffective carrying out of the Sunday schrol work. He wished them to think it over, and it would be quite possible to double the membership of the school if only they had men and women to take the classes. The speaker wished they would come nut and give themselves to such work for Jesus Christ. There was help wanted at Cockhedge and they must be glad to know that in one ! sense, though they had been without a . pastor there for two years, they were held- ing their own, keeping up the schools and evening congregation. He hoped that it would not be thought that they at Wycliffe were uninterested in their success at Cockhedge. He referred to these few items because it appeared to be desirable to make reference to them. (Hear, hear and applause.) • The musical portion of the programme Was corn- mencarl by the choir singing " Strike the Lyre," in a finished manner which was much appreciated. Mr. W. H. Wallington then sang " Cleansing Fires," in a style both powerful and feeling. Following tins Mr. H. M. Aeliton read extracts from Artemus Wood's " American Humours." The reading was a pronounced success, Mr Ashton's inimitable reading powers being shown to great advantage. provoking roars of laughter from the audience. Miss Booth then rendered l• By the Fountain," with skill and taste, and the Chairman then asked Miss Bessie Dutton for a recitation. tie was sure they would all appreciate Miss Dutton's kindness in coming to render these services and they would all he exceedingly glad to hear her that ev. Miss Berton recited "The child's Dream of a Star" (Dickens), delivering it in impressive and touching voice,the merits of the piece not being Iris upon the audience who loudly applauded. "Our Jack' was a masterly rendition by -Mr. A. Griffiths, who WAS compelled to respond to an enthusiastic encore. Mr. Smith gave" Jolly Jenkin," on the tromhone,highly delighting the audience with his spirited performance. Re hiAO responded to an encore. Another glee entitled "Go Lovely Rose,"was thee given by the choir with the same measure of success. Miss Dutton then treated her highly appreciative audience to a change of style by an amusing fragment from " The Rivals," Miss Booth see, •• Tha Masquerade," and Mr. W. H. Wallington sang the popular song " To morrow will be Faday." Mr. B. M. Ashton followed with" The Chality Hit 12E'r by Litchfield Mosely,the absurd and humorous natu e of which caused a considerable amount of amusement in the audience. Miss Dutton, being compelled to leave at this point, a very hearty vote of thanks for her capital recitations was accorded her. Another song by Mr. A. Griffiths completed the pi-ogre mine. Mr. F. Ft linanwrs then proposed a vote of thanks to Gm ladies, and said it was due not only to them but to the committee and singers. 11, thought that they could no be more indebted to those who had taken the rea- p us hi tel the priwiestines that evening, and he be- ieyed that that wasthe most successful tea meeting they had ever ba,l. (IpM.iii,e.)—Mr.Cienrge Brown seconded the vole, and eke voneurrod with Mr. Roberts about the success of the meeting, they were indebted,too,to those who h w.,rlsed So assiduously to make the rrmm so a'trective, and he honed they would render their set.- v'c s another lime.—The Rev. J. Yonge thought that all aer.ed v.ithi the sontitneriti expressed by Messrs. Roberts and Brawn, and the succe,s of the meettng :mewed wee for the :11,,0'1l experience of Wycliffe rhureli in the mieW year, Tie happiness of Wycliff depended upon the p-ople, n t upon the mini:- ter or deacon., aad if eve rybod y connected with Wycliffe wouel join everybody else in enakinethines snmoth they would have a prosperous year. He then put the man n to the meeting, and it was passed unanimously .-It, should be mentiotird that Mr. George Wallington acted as eondoeter to the choir, and Mr. W. H. Payton all accompanim.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal end external), Price 4s. 64, Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 94. Only of HOP , Ofnrative Chemist, Cate t Methuen) 32, Deansgate, 'Manchester. Advce ire

•

7 ' . • I • :

===== 0002601_18950202_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHEST AWARD AND DIPLOMA

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA BLE

FEBRUARY.

FROM WARRINOTON TO

Actnn Bridge-7 10,7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 55.35. 728. Sundays 10 15 a.m. , &hear and dillhouse -7 12, 8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 4 o,a 635 9 Sun lays 9 40, 25, 8 50. Stops if requirea. ,Birmingham (L & N -W.)"30,a3 23, 710.9 50. 12 0, 1 50,3 58, 15, 630,7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15,4 20,11. 35. a Mon- '.3ll on)), . *Mondays excepted. Pirmingharn Midland)-6 14.9 32, 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 50. "0 11 52. • Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 5 15 p.m. „ Blackburn-240, 520 545, 8 3 :, 9 55, 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 1114, 8 47 10 2. Sundays 843. 6 0. 'Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0. 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 48, 6 14, 1 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. 333, °lton-5 45,8 25, 9 19. 100, :0 40, 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, 717, ,15 Sundays 8 43 a.m., 50. p.m. Carllsle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 100, 11 40, 2 40, 348. Sun- lit 2 40, 3 35. ester-* 742. 95, 10 23, 127, 12 15, 1 40, 152, 3 17, GB. 511, 64, 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844, 7 45,11 32. „ Collins Green-710, 820. 105, 12 7, 1235, 330, 3 48, 55, ao. 15, 1020. Sundays 843. 60. ewe-_a 3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, i,"". 3 11, 5 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 30, 10 15,4 20, 'r 35. aMondays excepted. blllondays only. . 8 Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 1215, 1 52. 3 17, 511.64, 7 42, 10 14, Btl„„daYs 8 44, 745 p m. 3 "erbY (slidland)-6 14, 959, 11 55, 1255, 320, 50. 11 53, 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. rariestrmn -5 45, 710, 825. 835, 1040, 1235. 115. $ „•‘;, 9 15, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 8 43, 60, 7 47, "0. *Saturdays only. 8 Bdinburgh-2 40, 5 20, 9 55, II 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15, 8111r1aY5 2 40 a.m. 945 p.m " „ Iddler's Ferry & Penk.:th -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 25, 512. 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. 7 4 r°alxl 7 42, 95. 1023, 1215. 1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 64 2, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. I,a,r"„t°ll (Cheshirj, Lines)-7 12, 7 58, 8 31, 95, 10 50., 12 0 9's 40, 129, 6 10, 70,8 0, c 9 39, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- 1 0. 55, 11. 25, 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays , cSaturdays excepted. laNow-2 40, 5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. IldaYs 2 40, 9 45. 401borne-5 45, 7 10, 835, 1040, 12 35, 1 15" "Saturdays ist: 3 48. 535. 717, 915 10 10. Sundays 843.60. 6 39"*Igh Green -7 12.7 56.8 31,9 5,.930.10 40.120,1 5,2 10,4 0, 6 33, 79. 7 10, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15. Sunday, 25, ?. 32, 9 18. abiondays and Saturdays only. cSat- re.3[S excepted. and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5 1..."'.98 856. 10 12. 3 17.5 15, 7 18, 928. 10;atotiford-From Arpley Station-6 20,7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 36, 116 238. 4 11, 5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45,9 13. , Ira!! 850, 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 835. 10 5, 12 7, TA'r?. 55,6207 8, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 843. 328. 45. From High Level Platform. 114 R 9uol (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,10 0,10 14„ 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 950. u• erPOl (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29, 530, 70, 7 55, 8 37, 2S, 2 50, 332 3 50, 40, 4 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 10, 10 24,10 24,10 35, 1050, 11 50. 12 0, 1250, 12 57, 413 , .712,750,80,850,96, 9 18, 10 10 10 45, alllO, 11 18 aa" 430, 5 30, 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 20, 2 32, 75, 8 30, 9 39, 10 33. alibrcept Mondays. 166 1:4°,1 (L.& lsl.-W.)-a3 0, 5323. 735. 9 50. 10 45, 120, 515, 1135. Sundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135. Ys excepted. Mondays only. is (Mldland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0. 11 53. • Ys 11 45 a.m ,4 25 p.m. 4 rirvi---6 20, 7 22 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 2 38, 413at;,;,;8.avS 613, 78: 2'7 45, 9 13. Sundays 850. 38. 818. • s only. From Arolev Station. ester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 2 0, 7 4 s 5, 7 17, 98, 13 20. Sundays 245 a.m., 50,6 0, 61'8,12-n"ndaYs only. From High Level Platform. cheater (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)--"6 20 14,0 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. iia-res '8 46, 3 5, 8 16, 11 40. "From Arpley Station. 8 si, he'ter (Cheshire Lines)-7 0. 155. 8 21, 8 55. 90, 666. 40 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 66 7 55, 8 12, 8 65, 9 55, alo 0, all 10, 1150. Sundays ' 07, 10 12, 35, 317, 515, 718, 855, 922. 928, 955, 831ddl F nly. Ateoreewicll-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. ° 18 - 2 35, 535, 728. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 1114r°, 7 35, 1 50, ws-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0, la 10' 414, 1235, 3 20, 318. 4 21, 5.35, 625, 717. 915, Sundays 245. 740. 8 43, 335, 50, 60, 7 47, 9 31.011:1138A t„*-7 0, 755, 8 21, 10 27. 12 27, 1 42, 2 17, 528, 70, p,. 0• Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 5 15,9 28 . -240, 523, 145. 835, 955, 100. 11 40, 12 35, 'B.B 1,1, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 240,843,335,60, trrn-7 32, 8 25, 100, 11 48, 2 5, 320, 5 12, 6 17, 80 2 10. a (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 1046.11 0. 12 0,1 5, 40, 5 29, a 6 10. 70,80, .9 30, 510 20,1045. Sun- tst4,,,f: 125, 232, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bsatur, Y. (C.L.C.I auc,i, 2 (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced 8735 10 55, 1227. 1 55, 46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, 65, 6 2cj`7,44.-5 25, 7 10, 8 2.), 8 35, 10 5. 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, p 8. 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35. 8 43, 60, 9 45. rt (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, *Sato- 40, 53, 6 35, 79, 9 10. Sundays 9 40,2 5,8 50, TherwltTe Only. • IR, 6.138,1,,-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.2 33,4 11. 441's eta,' 8. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- ..o 991411„:,' Fr,.m Arpley Station. h-• hire Lines) -756, 95, 10 5. 11 0. 120, 1 5, 9L, L' ••9, 6 10, 70, b 8 0. 9 10, a 9 30, 810 15. Sun- -41Y. " 8 32. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays 38, 8 25, 10 0, 10 14, 11 43, 2 5, 2 2.6111 A --240,520.546,710. 7. 80, 948. Sundays. 8 48, 2 40, 7 50.. 335 A 'B' 535 614. 47 10 2,10 10. Sundays 240, 8 43, •"°.945

===== 0002601_18950202_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

I

11244414:1* Brilge-6 36 7 45. 8 52,11 43, 37, 436. 644. 829 4611:Ye 7 3.432. ' Ake,. 4120 and lilllhouse-9 14, 1 16. Ri2 2.6.8 22. 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays t n (L. & N.-W•)-3 --• 10 60' 7 20, 90, 1130, 1215, 40 tßre,,mghal c Birrn'uil,' ,7 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15 . 70. ag..",1 (Midland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 69, 1130, 141 - 1." 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m.. 4 20, 1255. 611x- ca_ lankburn-8 30. 6 60' 1 23 , 2 40, Mondays. wislsy, 8 liti_, 0, 5 40, . 10 48,1 35, 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 755, 10 12. 815 10 '45001 (Talbot Road)-3 12 8 45„ 9 55, 1035, 35, 7 10, 11l 7 40, 1 35. 5 15 8 40 • (Central)-8 0. 8 27, 8 55, 9 59. 10 10, 20, 2 50, • 4 ai -""11•161 _ __ • DU 6558 15 ' 710 1 20, 4 55. . 45. 8 0, 915, 10 35. 'ialt ' Sunda' a ' b 12 35. 2 20, 415, 513, 5 55, 130. °ll-5 e rl*Sundays 6 10, 9 20 p.m. 40 4 22, 5 38, 8 41. 14111: We-12 5, 6 50. 8 40, 9 30, 12 34, 1 , ei;91:10s 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 4so It: P-2 0, 7 25, 845, 940, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, •"55 30 635, 735 835. Sundays .2 0 630 a.m.. I Coll' 1 43, 2 10. vl.O A n„,4 Gr.en-6 39, 7 16, 8 42, 109, 1236.14.1715. oi:- .5, 6 23, 747. 916. 10 46. Sundlar 10, 1 50, 2 35, ‘ 40,7Z1-2 3, 4 42, 60, 8 13. 9 20. 217 10 2 40. 4 0,.9 12. ::,•6 5. 9 20. Sundays 2 3.4 4 . . • 2 44 1 -14:11 '8 16 1017. 1143, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays 737 o , barb .-1731• g.Y.---8 15, 1020. 110, 35. 350,445. 7 0, 83, a 1235 • c 7 30 "uncla 6 18' 6 50, 3 33. all 3 x ept Ondc ~ YB , liati Y • 1 ,44,10.....n__..8 55, 7 30, 8 42, 924 10 9, 11 23, 11 .52 , 1 2 45, "64 10 'll '3 20 5 8 520. 553, 6 30, 8 38, 912, 120. Sund,ys 52 1 di„ . 03.4" 0, 7 18. 7 23. i pi.,,:pur6nlo 20, 20, 60. 9 10• Sundays 60, 910. Z ' 7 iiluler's Perry & Periketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 12 24, 17, 3 27 21,1,54. 857, Sundays 832. 2 57. 87. __ _ , Dl_. 7 57 7 55, 93, 10 2, 11 27, 2 32, 4 7, 5 41, b 12 B••••*.r'Ti (Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627,7 509 0, 980. 1040, 1ity;8:,42. 2 13, 4 20, 4 56,5 8, 5 56, 6 57. 93 , 1121. Sun- -10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 41. _ __. _ 9 Qzgosy-1010, 20, 555. 95. Sunday. 55u ;. 320, 91, 10 42.°Urne----6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28, 241, 535, 11 ,611nday5 940, 7 5. % 16(Tf. Green-6 40, 83. 825,9 10„ 10 3 1 14, 1 64. 2 ,244 55 3, 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31.4 30, Ifia„, 1 62, lc :010 Cadishead (Central)-6 58.7 3-2, -9 -58 ' 12 55, 5 4, , Lat,6,l'°. SurirlaYs 1059, 650. 835. 100. ; 5.4 Vord-8 13. 840. 932 106. 11 17, 120. al 45. 213, s. 33 7-.,24 65 41, 67, 649, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 833, 101 aSaturdays only. aturday lexcepted. 11 50, . 130 (via Rarlestown)- H-a 2 65. 60. 8 . 35, 75. 835. 105, .11 15. Sundays 730. i. p I,4vc). alktond,,yB only, *Saturdays only. . __4o S 2,0 a 4111e1-6 25 8 20' 7 45, 2 10 79 5, 9 55, 12 20. 1 30. 2,3 35, 4 20. suro". (C 10. 10 1045. 45, 6 10, 7 30, 8 . t,u . _ 40. 8 43, 9 30, • 35, Eior' ' entral)-5 1 30 1 50, 20. 30 1155. 12 30, 1235, 10, __ ._ __ 8 0, 30, 446 4 s', 530. 536, 630. 6 SS, 7 60 256: 41 40° '9 35 ulO 46 9 0 ,2 30, 11 () 11 30. Sundays 80, . only. Lynnt! , 6 30: 830 '9 30., nmoodays and Saturdays. _0 10 0. 12 cin (L. & N.:A, ).5 15. 7 15. 10 10, 2 10,4 10 5 L°lll,lcUY 0,8,"68373 10.0 a.m.. 5 0, 10 0. 12 0 72 0,0,,,,, s'"ddlail(l)-5 15. 105, 120, 20, 40. 50 , c 915, Lysgin;'-'1c43:1 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays _ __ _ ~ , 2 60 s 2 9 23 9 58, 11 9. 1 11, 111 37. 4 ° 6 4.1. 7 41, 933. 11 19. SundßYl ' 825 2 25. ~..4baSaturdays onl.y. bSaturdays excepted. z 4! _chaster (i., & bi• -W• )-6 0, 7 0, 85, 940. ll 25, 1 5, 7,01')• 6 45, 425 5.10 7.' ' 3 10 40 SuadaYs 80. 6 • 0 10 40. )71 lizautti . e , 6.9 2 . . 12 35, Is' Then" g(1:0 d 7 15, 750, 9 25. 10 35. $ 65n5 0n..-Ted )6-5. 75, - 55. a 10 45. Sunday as t2,i4.9,,excepted. 0 35. svcester (chAii7 -ill' ,)6 48. 7 20. 8 30. a 9 . 5 9 30. 4 30. s—'lo 30,10 45, 11 30n, el 2 30, 12 45, 1 30. 2 30. 3 30, lay% 8330. 6 10, 638, 730. 830. 833,9 55, a sun. l 0 50,11 0. Ilsv 10 40. 140. 2 0 2 5, 6 30, 8 15, 9 40. a31,,,,,_ 41,Vilii Saturdays onlc. litoor„"„lull-6 58 11 37. 242. 61. 57, 320 450 657. Sundays 8 15.4 48. 415 i .r',,11-10-MrilOW! 0 5 ,-6 47, 5 730.842, 924, 109. 11 23. 28' 1 30' 3 4' ‘4 7. 4 53 5 5. 5 49, 6 27. 730. S undy 33, 949 10 10. 3 55, 7 15. as 8 . 44Kat r ~,turd ay s only 149 a 8 4 s•e-71 1 20 51, , 9 12. 8 26, 10 9, 19. 5 17, 73, 9 16. Sun- -1047 , ', R 5 5.,, —o2 11. b 2 36 1 5 50, 95, 9 39, 1120, 11 28, 24 _ `9'l4, ti .riirz 1047. Sundays 2 11, d 60, 315. 6U. BuTl (Mondays excepted. bMonday mornings only. 6 2g. .76.1-8 3 4 9. 9 19, 10 23, 12 2, 1. 30, 2 59, 4 40, 5 O. 12S;n8k.‘ (For Penketh)-6 51. 8 14 R 41. 927. 10 19, 1124. 40. 3 44. 5 21, 5 40. 6 22, 726, 934. Sundays 81, ' ~,; '., 5 7, 9 15, 98, (O. i,.(1.) ) (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced st. 45-11 0, 20,4 55 6-. Sundaes 815. 0 i 51 21-leletia---6 2.5,7 9, 3 28, 9 le, 955,11 15.125. 125 . , 1 30, 15, 610, 720, 90, 10 30, *ll 20. Sundays _ Snotr, 6 55, 9 5. .Saturiax s only. "4 SO i!o.o,rt (Lord Street) 8 10, 9 0.10 20, 11 25. 10,2 15. .., 10,85, a 9 0,9 3). Sundays 90,25, 8 0. aaa ibe7wlY. 9 9 2 55. 4 13, 10)1-2 9, 834 928, 102, 11 13, 115, al 41,, - ~ e _, 29,7'a -,:>7. ci 3. 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays , 23, 1 p,,,, at3rdordays only. Hat lirdays except-"d. 58 910 (L• &11 -W.)--7 6, 354, 933.10 33.12 16,1 .., .t_. '', 50,55 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 bU. Whitt 330.3,28 (Cheehire Lines)— 8 30, 9 16, 10 9, 11 12. 1225 .. 1 '2:5. . ' __ . 5 66 25 5 29 6 12' 7 16' 7 56. 9 25. Sundays 8 42, 3. 12 15, 35. 633, 815, 9 31, 10 10, 11 R 3. .. ~,, , , , . , r 33 1. iv. a fis, li fa. . a 10, ..3 22, 13 ...-. ..3...ii-,ai 7- '. '

, '4O ! r4' , 4, I , , *

===== 0002601_18950202_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ELEPHANT HUNTING IN UGANDA.

The ways and manners of uncivilised people are al- ways interesting to their more favoured brethren Their methods ot hunting are frequently specimens f unique skill, though often terriuly barbarous. The natives of Central Africa have a way of killing wild , beasts which is decidedly ingenious. A huge, heavy and p Anted stak ill fixed to a tree,.he ughs fwh cb overnang a frequented track. %Yuen an unsu sprctiug beast is just underneath the murderous weapon, the huge stake by some means is released from the branch and shoots down upon the shoulders or other vital part of the doomed animal, the sharpened point penetrating to a very considerable depth. Instant death, one might imagine, would be the effect of this deep wound. But other methods, less merciful, are in vogue in Africa. Referring to the manner of hunting the elephant in Uganda, a " 'limes " correspondent writes The Waganda, armed for the most part with a long muzzle-loading musket, hunt together in small parties of from eight to ten in number, their method being to get as close to the elephant as possible, and at a given , signal to fire a volley into one of its legs. If the attack is successful, the leg is broken, and the animal instantly disabled, when they finish it off at leisure. More fre- quently the unfortunate beast escapes with a number of terribly lacerated wounds, caused by the iron bolts of from an inch or an inch and a half in length, which are used by the hunters in preference to leaden bullets. In this case the wounded beast retires to the densest and most impenetrable jungles ; where, if not tracked and killed, he undergoes the most protracted sufferings. It is OOP of the most cruel and barbarous methods of hunt- ing, conceivable. Those who are not armed with guns attack the elephant with a short heavy spear from a tree overhanging one wit the regsdar elephant tracks thy nigh the forest. As the unsuspecting animal passes beneAth, they drive the spear down with terrific force, aiming at either the nape of the neck or the spine. If the spear is well delivered, the animal drops instantly ; but, should the hunter miss the vital spot, the beast rushes away with the heavy spear in his body. The weighty shaft stets as a lever upon the keen-edgod head in addition to the blows it receives from the various ob- structions through which the animal forces its pass lee. , In this way a most frightful wound is produced, which causes the elephant to siuk eventually from loss of ' blood.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI I 10) A r FEBRUARY 2 1895.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PI RIAL The Pictorial Tutor A. being üblished at Net Price, it cannot be obtained of NOF 0 RTE Descriptive Prospectus pI sent Post Free on application to " Magazine of Busie." Office. The most re- marka[JT°ble ARc Iheapest book ever published. The 5 I NET, P OST 0 PAGES ( Music Size). c itsda overns 7 0.0 Illustrations Songs. Dances, Carols, Anthems anybook of musicsellerunderfis 20. Ludgate Hill. London, B O. Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
• ttrbnian SO•THING POWDERS,

1,4)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY (EARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at. 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDI

===== 0002601_18950202_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950202_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/8. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per vd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LlNEtis FOR SUMMER AND 3 EVENING WEALi. IRISH.TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Lndies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. HUTTON & CO., LARNES IRELAND.

G. R.

Mk

===== 0002601_18950202_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18950202_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Tills RAZUR is made I rem the het Shef- field STEEL

and gro nd by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and if not appr ved when tried will be exchanged. Tube ha! of any resp.ct tble Ironnsunger or Cutler at Black if ANDLK in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLIi in Case 5/6. Pair ef Black handle in a flat Case 9/-. Pair of Ivory handle In a Sat Case 13/6. er post free from the Manufacturers. A. good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2. 1/8, 2/-, and 2/6 P.O. and cherms, SLAWKI: rtlt?9., Sheftic:d.

. -

===== 0002601_18950202_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. MACKAY'S MARVKLLOUS FEMALE RIMS° Y IFOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIRS stand,. unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra I;nary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughont th svprld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover. for be. 6d. - -

.. __. DR. MACKAY, IN, HIGH HOLBORN. London. Reuxere of Dishonest Imitators. .

===== 0002601_18950202_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
:3MITIFS TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is. lid. and 2s. 94, per box (by post for 15 or 33 3tamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours. purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. aftet excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life. or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Her curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road,

London.

-- PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION. AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 10., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad be ease. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER ANS PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

===== 0002601_18950202_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
W EA GRAVEL GRAVEL GRAVEL GRAVRL GRAVEL' GRAVHLI GRAVRLI GRAVELI Boote.Brio

===== 0002601_18950202_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LLS'S GRAVEL PT sure sure for Gravel, Lumbago, Plalle Jai Dropsy, EWind and Water Complaints Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, Urinary Organs. Stone,. Glee, Stricture Sciatica, Rheumatism. &c. The Effect oi One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/1i I and 2/9 per Box. Agents :—Hill & Co. 1 Buttormarket-st .Fairburst &Co , Horse- -1 market-at.. J . IL Young, Sankey -st., idge-et., Wsrrinfron; or free by pest from orts. 41. Scotland-road. Liverpool

===== 0002601_18950202_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
L L

- - the Melt PILES PILLS PILLS PILLS I PILLS I PILLS PILLS I PILLS THE

===== 0002601_18950202_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY, LIMITED

LIVERPOOL. invite Inquiries and Reference to Utak

===== 0002601_18950202_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING

.1/.IAD GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROURDSI PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18950202_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ratisions, Villas &o.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. &e.

HURDLES NETTING

TREE GUARDS.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRE WORK,.

COIVT'IIOTtTCOLT s BAR IRON FENCING.

Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints

110 NDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Won

===== 0002601_18950202_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

DR. PYNAR,'S

AIERIC.tS PINE PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled w,th Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- ness, DON'T TAKE MISDICINE. TRY PYNAh'S PINE PLAFTER, the most Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side che. Rheumatism. Lumbago. Sciatica; In It. the very worst Aches or Pains. "HEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. At arat,ful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE UP TIM WEIGLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T HESITLTF.. TRY TRL3 WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for 514. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CEIEMISTS, RBYL. AGENTS : RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES--Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARMNGTON—Mr. J. It. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. 'NORTHWICEI—Mr. A. B. Lewty. Chemist.

OOUTHPORT. PRIVATE'. CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE HIGHEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED Nossr.s. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE P ARK- ROA

out of the difficulty is "the government of the people by the people and for the people," the nationalisation of the land, and the means of production, distribution and ex- change to be controlled by a democratic state in the in- terest of the community and the complete emancipation of labour from the domination of capitalism and land- lordism, with the establishmmt ot social and economic equality between the sexes.—Yours, &c., A BROUCHEMITE. 19, Friar's-gate, Warrin2ton.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
tetters to Mt teOltur.

THE 11A,TEit BAKERS' ASSOCIATION.—SE MR JOHN TOFT'S PRO7sECUTION. Sir,—lt has come to our ears that the late legal pro- ceedings against Mr. John Toft, of Bridge-street, for. selling unweighed bread were brought about at the instigation of the above association, of which Mr. Toft is not a member. Kindly permit me to say that neither directly nor indirectly have they had anything to do with the action of the authorities in this prosecution. Although our Association has long been aware that short-weight bread has been palmed on the public at a lower rate than the ordinary price by low class bakers, we are sorry to find the same thing done by any respect- able tradesman. There can be no question whatever that all bread must be sold by weight, and if the public, who have the law on their side,woulol only insist on their bread being weighed at the time of purchase, there would be no dishonest bakers. SAMUEL DAVIES. Secretary, Master Bakers' Association. 15 and 17, Wellington-st., Warrington, January 25,1895. WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY AND THE I.L.P. Sir,—l was somewhat surprised to read the letter in your last issue signeA by the secretary of the I.L.Peers (query Peers) and presumably coming from the execu- tive of the branch of that party in Warrington. I have too much respect for any party, independent or other- wise, to offer an insult by word or deed, but I consider Mr. Podmore's unjust attack more a personal matter, though coming in the name of a party. He was present at the meeting, and had the privilege to reply at the time, and will also have the privilege at our next meet- ing. I think he gives his case away when he states that the members of the I.L.P. were led on by their s9ciallat friends to interrupt in such an unseemly manner, and for which they were lectured by each of their own speakers at that meeting. I have no wish to eater into controversy with the 1.L.P., because as I said in my speech, I am in favour of each worker getting his honest share of the wealth produced by his labour, which principle I endsavaur to carry out to those who are in my einploy.—Yours !cc., JAMES HORTON. P.S.—lf the I.L.P. will take my advice they will not allow these effusions from Mr. Podmore to appear so often, because it makes it appear too much like a family party rather thaa an independent party. PASTEURISM, AND THE NEW MEDICAL DOGMA. Sir,—While agreeing, in the main with Mr. F. Summers in his dislike to Pasteurism, its means and its methods, I most sincerely deplore such ill-advised ad- vocacy. Feeling somewhat strooghly upon this question I cannot but view such an attempt at its defence—by such absurd arguments—as more damaging to a good cause than downright hostility. I have no wish to • intervene between Mr. Kenyon and Mr. Summers, but must plead against the latter mutilating our common cause by futile argument and injudicious and mistaken statements. Had Mr. Summers wished to make the Humanitarian cause ridiculous his letter would have been admirable. It is deplorable to see so noble a cause given away to the inadequate advocacy of one who is so badly equipped for the task, who, by exposing him- self so openly to ridicule from the other side—his method the pre-Baconian one of imagining a set of " facts "and then arguing for or against them. He rhapsodises about his " love for nature." Love is blind. This may account for the little knowledge our frienci sof his mistress; and homoeopathy seems to have no 'tence for him. Nevertheless, in his main contention Mr. Summers is right. Pastuerism is a dirty busineas, is dirty morally and physically ; and is part of the prevalent medical " craze " for " immunity." To be " immune" we are told to get our blood poisoned to such an extent—from the poisoned blood of other animals that disease will , not enter therein. Personally I much prefer the old fashioned preventitives of Got-given sunshine, fresh air and exercise and a conscience void of accusation of any complicity in the animal torture involved in the prodaction of this infectious " hell-broth,"—Truly yours. JOHN PEERS. SOCIALISM THE ONLY ROPE OF THE WORKERS." Sir,--Of late we have been treated to a great deal of tontioversy between Messrs. Frederick Monks and Thos. Malkin on the most important of English industries, the Iron trade. Mr. Fred Monks is illogical. Belonging as be does to the commercial individualistic school he ad- vocates competition a out rance to the bitter end. When he returned from his tour round the world, he said that in America and in other countries abroad, trade was rather slack, but if men would give way to the em- ployers and consent to have their wages reduced they Would be better employed. So they would for a short time. But when Mr. Monks also tells the men in War- rington that if they would also consent to have their wages reduced trade would revive in England, it means that if we get the trade of other nations throwth under- working them in wages, and they perceiving that we are doing sc, embarked in the same policy, the result must mean ruin all round in a given time. Mr. Monks was brought up to believe that England was called upon to be the workshop of the world, and the only proper and sensible aim of an Englishman was to go on opening out new branches of trade and commerce. But England has not now the monopoly of the world's markets. Ger- many, Belgium, France, Switzerland, America India, are all formidable rivals, and know the use of machinery as well as England does. Since the discovery of 'the use of steam, English men, women and children have been the slaves of capitalists and supplied the world with the most of its wares. The agricultural population has been withdrawn from the fields and put into the forges and factories to make up all sorts of commodities fer use and for exchange. Of late years foreigners have run England a hard race for the trade of the world and now what do we see? Machinery has displaced human labour to an enormous extent. This year's machinery turns last year's machin- ery into so much scrap iron by beating it in labour- saving and the workers are thrust aside. By the excess cf their greed the capitalists have wrought their own ruin. The economic law is as Immutable as the law of the Universe. If we could manufacture customers along with manufacturing goods all would be well for the capitalist grab-all, but that is impossible. The workers when employed are consumers and users,of use and exchange values. They give their labour for an equivalent exchange in commodities pro- duced by some other workers and by mutual exchanges keep commerce and enteroriso on the move. But now that greedy capitalists have monopolised the machinery and trade for their own benefit and to the exclusion of the workers a great number of the wealth-pro- ducers of the world are out of work,and having nothing now to tender in exchange, the machinery will have to be idle for the want of customers to purchase its produce and capital,labour,machinery and all will be at a stand- still. There is an end to all thicgs, and the capitalists and landlords have had their day. But the time is coining ; indeed it has arrived when there must be a change. No, omnrades, there is no remedy at all in your sugges- tions—your ideas of trades unionism are as obsolete as Mr. Monks' commercial individualistic ideas. Of all the " isms " now in vogue, Collectivism and Socialism are the only two " jams" upon which you can place any reliance. There is no use in tinkering with the State machine; we must have a new one. There are thousands, hundreds of thousands, of men now out of employment in England, and there are many more thousands of acres of good land out of cultivation. Let England resume her old position of independence. Let the soil of England feed the English people. There is room enough for all, work enough for all, food enough for all who are willing to work. Those who do not work when they could let them not eat. The only way

BE WISE 1K 1111115 t Sufferers from Gryel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism anq Gout will find a rositive Core in Ho'revd's Gravel Pits, Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. id. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps. from Ilmatovn's Mll Hall, Cheekbeaten, Yorks. Dou't be put off. If ycoi, cannot get them write te Use Pr. prietor and a box will be ent next. pest--11de.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

Saturday was again a blank as far as Rugby football was concerned in Warrington. The fixture with Roch- dale Hornets was a league fixture,and will consequently have to be played off. It is a little singular that in a fortnight Warrington should have to cancel their fixtures with the two leading Rochthle clubs owing to the frost. The year 1895 has indeed been a very dis- astrous one thus far, as only one " A " tea' i fixture, and not a single first team match, has been played off at the Wilderspool-road enclosure. It is extremely im- probable also that the fixture with Manchester will be iulfilled. It is a long time indeed since there were so many Rugby matches cancelled during a single month, as there have been during the month which has just passed.

The Association game can be played in much more severe weather than Rugby, and Warrington Associa- tion were enabled to have their revenge upon St. Elphin's for that crushing defeat which they got in the season. The match was only won by one val to nil, so that there was not much between the teams. z•-. Elphin's were unfortunate in having to try to get pa:, Webster, who always refused to let them, and kept out some stinging shots.

Warrington Rugby team are " down " to meet Man- chester at home to-day,and if the frost will kindly leave these parts, the following team will do duty for War- rington i—Boscow„ full back ; Barber, Beesom, Moores, and Burton, three-quarters ; Bate and Foden, halt backs; Turner, Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Berry, Bailey, Barrett, and Houghton, forwards.

I am glad to see that the Committee who have charge of the Lancashire club competition have seen their way to increase the number of clubs in the first division to twelve. Wigan, Salford and Leigh will be reinstated, and Barrow and Widnes, who are almost certain to head the second division will be " promoted " without play- ing the obnoxious test match. This will add greatly to the interest in the competition, and there is no doubt whatever but that the twelve best clubs in Lancashire will be included. Barrow and Widnes are much too good for the seconsl division, and they have left the ;other clubs behind completely. They will, therefore, find their proper place among the seniors.

The formation of a Northern Rugby Union, composed of the leading clubs of Lancashire and Yorkshire pro- mises soon to be an accomplished fact. A meeting was held in Huddersfield on Wednesday evening, when Mr. J. E. Warren, was the represeutativo of Warrington, and it is definitely decided that the champion club of each county will play at the end of the present season for the proud position of champion club of the north. It has not as yet been decided to form a northern league, but no doubt I,this will come in due course.

Tyldesley's lead over Oldham was reduced by one on Saturday, for they could only make a pointless draw of Swintoa. Oldham had protected their ground in view of their match with Broughton Rangers,but the Rangers refused to play anything but a "friendly," and conse- quently the match did not count. had a good time of it, however, for they actually wo.. by 31 points to nil.

There is not much change in thr League table this werk,and the following are the poshions of the clubs up to date :

For Apt.

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. .1.37.T.Pts Tyldesley Oldham St. Helens 6 . 3 . 3 . 0.. 4 6... 2 5... 6 Warrington Swinton Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers Leigh (on September 19), salt md (October 16), and Wigan (November. 13), having bern suspended fir professionalism, will not take any part in the competition this season.

In the Football Association League, there were again some surprises on Saturday. Everton entertained Sheffield United at home and were pretty confident of getting two points out of them. They found, however to their dismay that they were extromely lucky to draw for the United were leading by a goal until five minutes from the finish. This has greatly strengthened Sunder- lands chance for the championship, for they won at Stoke very easily, whereas they lost last year. 'They are sow a point to the good of Everton,aml considering that the latter have to go to the Sunderland and Ashton Villa grounds, Everton'a chances of being champions of the league are slowly passing away. Sunderland will most probably be the League champions of the present sea- son.

At the bottom of the League there is a rare struggle. Derby County seem to be fairly stuck there, and on Sat- urday permitted Wolverhampton Wanderers to win their first match away from home. Liverpool are again in the last three, and there they will certainly remain until March, as they have no leave fixture tinil that month. Stoke are the furthest behind, but has they have a number of home fixtures, they have a slight chance of exceping the test matches. Taking the League all round, there probably never was more uncertainly as to the leaders and " wooden spoonists " as there is this season, and we shall .probably not be able definitely to name them until the last week or two of the season.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A PLAGUE OF MICE.

A Moscow correspondent telegraphe that the enormous damage done in the Government of Kherson by hell mice, which multiplied during the past summer to an unprecedented extent, has led to attempts to extirpate the pest by inoculating som, of them with baeilli which are considered fatal to the little marauders. The mice swarm in the granaries and corn depots, and penetrate even into houses, where they devour everything eatable and ruin leather articles, boots and harness. It is reported that in many plaees the pests have even injured the springing crop of winter wheat. The inoculation on a small scale has been the cause of death in at least 95 per cent, of the cases examined, and preparations are being made, under the orders of the Ministry of Agricul- tur, to apply this method of destruction thrmaghout the entire government, which is tnre than halt the area or England. Little can be done, however, on a great scale until the spring, when the snow has disappeared.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AKATEITR. PHOTO- GRAPHIC SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEE rING.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Amateur Photographic Society was held at the cornmittee-roorn of the Museum, on Tuesday evening, when the chair was occupied by Mr. H. N. Houghton, one of the vice- presidents. Probably owing t the inclement state of the weather, there was but a small attendance of mem- bers. After the minutes of the last yearly meeting had been read and confirmed, Mr. 11. Pritchard, the score- tary, read the eighth annual report. He stated that he had great satisfaction in announcing that the past year had been satisfactory from every point of view. Al- though dark clouds had hung around, and to some ex- tent blighted the hopes they had chriAhecl at the corn- tnencement of the year, they had managed to make a fair show. There had been a number of new memoers, eight having joined during the year, and 21 having re- signed, leaving a total still upon the books ot 59. He believed the treasurer had a small balance in hand, which was very satisfactorY, considering the extra advantages the Council had offered and the bad trade. The library had been very much in demand. New books had been added to it by the Council on process work, re-touching,&c. The Council regretted the poor attend- ance at the monthly meetings, in spite of the additional meeting held the Becend week in the month, as well as the last week. Demonstrations had been given and papers read at the monthly meetings by members and others, including one by Mr. Birt Acres on the carbon process, and also by Mr. Brown, the inventor of the zenotype, all to stimulate the members into better things. Rambles were arranged to Doncaster,Llandudno, London, Scarborough, Fara., and Harrogate during the summer months. Their annual exhibition of elides was held on April 10.h,and passed off with its usual smooth- : ness, and showed marked improvement from an artistic standpoint. It was hoped that they would have been able to have had an exhibition of prints in the autumn, and the Council did all in their power to promote this. The response was so poor that it had to be abandoned at the last moment. fie had hoped that at the com- mencement of the year,a lantern section would have been formed, but nothing had as yet been dune in that direc- tion. He had come to the conclusion that nothing would make the society succeed unless more social even- trues were held ; that photography alone would not bring the members to the meetings he was convinced. He threw this out as a suggestion. He took that oppor- tunity of thanking those who had assisted him at the monthly meetings, and also the Council. He had so little time at his disposal th tt he must ask as a special avour that they would not re-elect him to the Council, but to elect someone else. Mr. DALTON, the treasurer, stated that the balance in the Treasurer's hands was £2 103. 50. In consequence of the poor attendance it was thought inadvisable to procee-1 with the election of officers, and this was accordingly adjourned until the next monthly meeting on February 26.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EAELESTO WN AND NEWTON.

BUXTON'S NEAPOLITAN CHOIR.

This choir .I.;r7u-g-t;t—their—sQ-.7.--v----.-i-(;. a close on Monday evening, when the su nject illustrated was a tour through America and Canada. Since Thursday evening they have been favoured with very fair audiences, and on Sunday they gave two sacred concerts in the Mission Hall, which were well attended. The improvement in the choir is very marked, and the various turns are carried out with excellent taste.

WARGRAVB SUNDAY SCHOOL. On Saturday evening the teachers of the above school together with several members of the church choir and a few friends, held their annual party in the schoolroom. The Rev. J. and Mrs. Carson were present. Au excellent tea was served, to which about 30 persons were present. After the tables were cleared the evening was spent in a sociable manner, several of those present contributing songs. Dancing was also indulged in, and altogether an enjoyable tiin • was spent. ST. MAUI'S CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. On Thursday evening an entertainment was given in St. Mary's Hall, Newton, in conuection with the above schools. The entertainment consisted of a cantata en- titled. " The Children's Queen," and a comedy " My Aunt's Heiress," and was taken part in solely by the school children. Miss Smith trained the youngsters,and they performed their tasks in a manner which earned the plaudits of the large audience present. EARLESTOWN WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. A meeting under the auspices of the above was held in the Co-operative Hall on Thursday evening. Mrs. G. W. Rawlins presided, and there was a very fair audienee. An address was given by Miss Mender, on the Irish question, dealing with the various matters which have from time to time been brought before Par- liament. A. vote of thanks at the close was accorded Mrs. Rawlins and the speaker. HAYDOCH CRICKET AND BOWLING CLUB. A concert in aid of the funds of this club was givenlin the Colliery Schools, Haydock on Monday evening, when there was a very large audience. The first part of the programme consisted of instrumental selections and songs, as follows :—Pianoforte duet, "La Revue," Misses Jackson ; violin solos by Mr. A. Latham ; duet, " Larboard Watch," Brothers Rigby ; song, " Dear Heart," Miss Wallwork -, song, " The Diver," Mr. J. Rigby ; song, " True till death," Mr. W. Rigby " Waiting hearts," Miss Wallwork ; comic songs, " At Trinity Church," and " The music master," Mr. The second part of the programme was taken over by Mr. Wilson Blackledgo of St. Helens. who gave several of his well known humorous selections, which created much merriment. SMOKING CONCERT AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB. Another of the series of smoking concerts which dur- ing the winter have been held at the Conservative Club, Earlestown, took place on Friday evening, in the large : billiard room. Mr. James Smith (Newton) presided over the proceedings, and during a portion of the evening the , Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P., was present. Asusual the room was well filled, and as an excellent programme was sub- mitted in good style, the concert was of an enjoyable character. The following items were given "Male glee," ' "The sailors chorus " and "The three chafers "; sen.s, " Trne till death" and "Yeoman's wedding sang," Mr. G. Wright; songs, " When other lips " and "The death of Nelson," Mr. J. Nichols ; duet, "Excelsior." Messrs. J. Crank and W. Kay; songs, "The roll of the drum " and " Rage, thou angry storm," Mr. C. H. Lea; songs, "The Wolf " and " Revenge," Mr. W. Kay ; song with violin obligato, " Whisper and I shall hear " and " Let me like a soldier fall," Mr. J. Crank; duet, " The moon hath raised," Messrs. Nichols and G. Wright ; Mr. J. Hudileston contributed one or two humorous songs, Mr. Alcock executed a couple of violin solos, and Mr. T. Jukes gave a clarionette solo. Mr. W. Sutton recited in his usual impressive style " Man was mad. to , ineurn." The accompanists were Messrs. T. Jukes and Forrest.

CHILDREN'S ENTERTAINMRNT AT EAULESTOWN. On Thursday evening the Earlestown District School was crowded to excess on the occasion of an entertain- ment given by the infants attending that school. Pre- parations for the entertainment have been in progress for some weeks, and the exhibition on Thursday night showed that Mrs. Brown, assisted by Misses Rogers, Tripp, Knowles, Banks, and Attfield must have had a mot arduous task, for none of the children who took Part exceeded six years of age, whilst some of them were quite little dots. About 140 children took part, and the manner in which they performed their various tasks reflected the greatest credit upon the. performers and their tutors. A capacieua platform had been erected by Mr. Beatty, arid Mesdames Valen- tine, Peake and Tripp, gave valuable help in the dress- ing of the children. The programme was a rather lengthy one, and after a speech of welcome, admirably delivered by Master W. Brown, all the children took part in an action song, " The big brass drum,"in which rauch amusement was caused by a youngster struggling with a big drum of the ordinary size, which he beat with amazing vigour. Annie Fairhurst afterwaeds sang " The little bird," very nicely, but it would be impossible to enter into detail over every item. Those, however, which called for special mention were, the " Nursery Rhymes dance," ; the recitations "Jack in the box " (Harry Gray)," Small little Bess "(Lily Knowles), " The wild beast show " (Florrie Singleton), "The naughty dolly" (Gertrude Wild), " Santa Clans" (Harold Valentine), " May Pocket " (Charlie Boughton), and " So tired," by " Three Little Dots," attired for bed. 'The other items were all well represented, and included drill, "Coloured Scarves," action song, " The snow man," dance, " Sir Roger," game, "The golden boat," action song," Little haymakers," drill, "Musical bells," action song, "Johnnie was a soldier bold," song,"l have a little sister," W. Dickinson, action song "The cuckoo," game " Twelve little mothers," game, " British soldiers," action Benz, " The child's good-night." Mrs. Brown also sang " The children of the city," Miss A. Banks, " Not good-bye," and Miss A. Tripp, ".l'iny feet." The Rev. T. It. Matthews presided, and during an interval ex- plained that the proceeds of the concert wore in aid of app.ratus for the school.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WA-Y AT EARLESTOWN. (BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBTJTO/t).

I suppose, to be in the fashion I should say some- thing abOut the weather, which in all conscience is just now severe enough to satisfy anybody who wishes to enjoy an old fashioned winter. The roads about Were, at the time of writing, are covered with a white carpet of snow, and the ponds are nicely froze,si over, but skating is out of the question, ow- ing to the snow. The roads on the outskirts of the town are in a very bad condition for vehicular traffic, but in the town itself the authorities at once took steps to clear the streets, and render them passable for vehicles. This speaks well for the new District Council, and shows they do not intend to incur any fault-fiuding by the ratepayers if they can help it.

- The second meeting of the Council will be held on Monday, and I hope it will pass over without any • acrimonious Uiscussions. Business is what the Council meats for, and I expect they will settle down quietly, and get on with tlse business of the township, of which there is pl silty to-day. The street making question is an urgent one, and should be in the fore-trout of the business. Then there is the police question, about which I wrote a few. weeks buck. 1 know one part of the township is only partially watched, but what can you expect, when there is an insufficiency of police. This is a matter which will have to be taken up shortly. There are other questions which need immediate attention, and 1 hope no political squabbling will interfere with their free discussion.

Now I must hark on to quite a different topic, a religious one this time. The scene is pitched at Newton, that place whore the inhabitauta are so (liscreet, 80 quiet, pnd so eminentl) respectable. Now at Earlestown we do not pretend to be any better than we are, and although we generally get what we want, yet our requirements are 80 exceed- ingly modest, that when we make a request for come new departure we do not alarm people, nor administer shocks to their propriety. But at Newton, although they do things so quietly, they generally burst forth in places least expected. They have a cricket club at Newton, quite an aristocra- tic affair, to which is tacked on a tennis club, and also a bowling Mut), and although the members ap- pear to be 80 happy, yet when they et together at a general meeting there is usually a little simmer-. ing of opposition. The meeting passed over very quietly last week,but one incident happened which. has rather 'dropped tbe club fn my estimation a few degrees.

A well-known member startled the members, although I fancy some of them mu at have had an inkling of what was coming, by proposing that the club grounds be opened every Sunday afternoon during the summer, to enable the members to play cricket, tennis, or bowls. He remarked that they might as well play cricket as get drunk or go skating. Just so; hut I also understood Sunday was a day of rest, which, I take it means a rest from ordinary every-day practices. If a man can- not get enough enjoyment nut of thn allotted six days, then I pity hint. But they are a biod-fearing set of people at Newton, and they decided not to play cricket On Sunday.

ANIMALS AND FIST( STUFFED, and mouated in Glass Cases of any design. MUDS and MORNS mounted MK) for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Anitnals' Skins, Glass Shades. tqw.gs' Heads. thibinets Store Boxes, Nets, &a., fur Butterfly and km Collectors —B. Cooxn Naturalist and furrier, 21, lteustutw-street ve Bstablikbed 20 years.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM NER. SATUR SAY, FEBRUARY 2 1895 THE APPALLING DISASTER AT SEA.

RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING.

On Wednesday evening, the annual tneetir g of the members of the Runcorn Liberal Club was held at the Club, Regent-st, There was a large attendance of members. Mr. Clarke occupied the chair, and amongst those present were : Messrs. C. Holt, T. Dean, G. H. Kirkham, J. Stanway, J. J. Bridgewater, J. Green, W. B. Brimelow, H. Hughes, S. Btiley,S. Walton, J. F. Moulton, T. Reynolds, and A. Riley (sec 1.

(contiaued from page 6.) No news as ',o the safety of any more of the passengersl or crew of the lost mail ste.imer Elbe had been received' up to Thursday night, and it is believed that everybody on board, with the exception of the twenty people lauded at Lowestoft on Wednesday afternoon, has perished. The total number of lives lost is now stated to be 374. A steamer was sent out from Lowestoft on Thursday to search for any signs of eitker the missing boats or wreckage, but a blinding snowstorm and the heavy sea that Was running interfered very much with the search. She steamed out to a distance of forty-five miles, however, but could not find anything. There is no doubt now that the steamer which sank the Elbe was the Crathie, owned by Mr. W. T. Moffatt, of Aberdeen, which was on a voyage from Rotterdam to Aberdeen. She returned to Maasluis on the day of the disaster and her captain stated on Thursday that his vessel had on Wed- nesday morning collided with a large strange steamer. He was not able to distinguish the name of the other ship on account of the darkness, and he was under the impression that after the collision the other vessel pro- ceeded on her voyage. He followed her for some dis- tance, but soon lost sight of her. The Crathie had her bows stove in down to below the water-line. The mate of the Crathie, who was in charge when the coilision happened, said that although it was very dark there was no fog. He was on the quarter-deck when he sud- denly saw three lights ahead. The next instant he per- ceived a vessel, painted a light colour, right across the bows of the Crathie. It was then impossible to avoid a collision. A difference of ten yards in the Crathie's rate of speed would have averted it. Immediately after the collision the other ship showed blue and red lights, and the Crathie returned the same signal, which was under stood to mean that neither vessel was in need of assist lance.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SECRETARY'S REPORT FOIL 1894.

Mr. Riley, secretary, in presenting the annual report for the year 1894, said it was pleasingto record that the anticipations ,if continued progress whioh closed the report of 1893 had been justified. The year began with a debit balance at the bank of £460 9s. 6d., and after paying all the working expenses oh the year this amount had been reduced by no less a sum than £99 Is., the de- bit balance on the 31st December, 1894, standing at £361 83. 61. This would have been still further reduced but for the fact that additional accommoda- tion by the enlargement of the refreshment room and lavatory had been provided for the comfort and convenience of the members, and the cost paid for out of the year's income. The refreshment ds- partment had more than paid its way and yielded a considerable margin of profit. 'rhe receipts from the billiard tables and handicaps had been £225 ss. 10d., subscriptions, refreshments, rents, and sale of papers had produced £66 lie. To., an income. of £291 178.5 i. The payments included rates and taxes, gas, coal and heating, £44 93. 9d. ; caretaker and secretary's salary, £5B 103. ; alterations and legal expenses, £2l Ils. 2d. ; refreshments, £l7 6s. 2d. ; newspapers, printing. staticnery, and sundries, £2O 16.4. 11d. ; billiard re- quisites, £l4 Is. ; and batik interest and commis- sion £l6 03. 9d. ; a total expenditure oh £192 16s. leaving as before stated a balance of £99 is., which had reduced the balance on the property account by that amount. It was also pleasing to state that the mem- bership had increased. During the year there had been three political lectures given each being followed by an interesting discussion. The first by Mr.li.Lawton,secre- tary of the Liverpool branch of the Peace Society, on .6 War and its expenditure" the second by Mr. W. S. Callie, secretary of the Financial Reform Association, on " The French Revolution and what it cost us ;" and the third by the veteran W. Fl. Chadwick, one of the lecturers of the National Reform Union, on " Common lands and cominon rights." It would be a great Advan- tage if this side of the club's work was prosecuted with greater vigour, and discussions arranged on some of the many questions which were forcing themselves to the front and which would demand attention at the next general election. To do this the committee appealed to those many Liberals will by their experience and past work could successfully carry on this work and train up the younger generation in the faith of their fathers.—The Chairman, in mov- ing the adoption of the report said that on the whole they had to congratulate themselves upon their present position. He hoped as time went on the edu- cational feature of the club would be attended to with more vigour than had been done before. He thought there was great good to.be got by going into that matter more vigorously. They would, by that means, bring more members to the club and add cheerfulness. It was really one of their chief objects to prosecute party prin- ciples and party objects. (Applause.)—Mr. Dean seconded the adoption of the report, and in doing so said he thought the report and balance sheet was a very creditable one. The actual indebtedness of the c!ub he thought was about £4OO, which was not a large sum when they considered that they were in possession of that building, the billiard tables and furniture.—The Chairman said the present overdraft at the bank was £351. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18950202_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
_ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The election of officers was then proceeded with. Only .no nomination was sent in for the position of president, and this nominated Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., for the positiOD. He was accordingly electa,with acclamation. The following gentlemen were appointed vice-presi- dents :—Messrs. G. Bellamy, T. Dean, T. Lea, P. Speak- nl, S. Taylor, A. R. Norman. R. H. Tosnett, and W. o,:kleston. The treasurer (Mr. Ockleston), and the secretary (Mr. A. Riley) were unanimou4y re-appointed!' Three persoas were nominated for auditors, but Mr. J. , Holliday retired, and accordingly Messrs. Wright and Holt were elected for the position+ for the committee,2o gentlemen had been nominated, but three retire before the meeting, viz, Messrs. J. J. Bridgewater, J. Bate, and LI. Wright. As only 13 were required to form the committee a ballot was taken, which resulted in the fol- lowing being elected : Messrs. James Arden, W. B. Brimelow, John Clarke, T. Furnival. J. Holliday, J. Joynson, R. Jones, JRI/Ifil Lea, J. F. Moulton, R. Moore, J. Stansvay, C. Stuubs and W. Wright. A vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, en the motion of Mr. J. F. Moulton, seconded by Mr. T. Dean, the meeting concluded.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MACK SMOKE NUESA.NCH. LECTURE BY MR. F. MORRIS, F.G.S.

The Liverpool Polytechnic Society held the first meet- ing of the fifty-eighth session on Monday in the Royal Institution. Mr, '. O'Cainnor occupied the chair, and Mr. Themes Morris, F.G.S. of Warrington (president of the society), lectured, selecting for his subject, " Is the preveation of smoke economical." During the reading of the paper, Mr. Morris showed illustrations of 25 to 30 various patents whose inventors claimed that by their use, coal could be economically consumed and smoke prevented. These patenti were all more or less constructed for letting air in at the bridge of the furnace, on the "Split Bridge" and " Argand Bridge " principles. The lecturer demonstrated the fallacy of air being allowed to enter anywhere be- tween the furnace door and the chimney Lop, backing up this by proving that all these ideas had been failures as regards fuel saving and smoke prevention. He said also that human skill has not, is not, nor will it ever be able to dole out the exact equivalent of air necessary fcr the complete combustion of each fresh charge of coals on the furnace grate. Another reason given was, that coals differed so much in the quantity of their consti- tuents as to make the above impossible. The reader quoted Mr. C. Wye-Williams, who had proved "that a cubic foot of air at 60° F., Bar at 30. weighed 536 grains, and that there was not one grain of carbon in a cubic foot of dense black smoke." These data caused Mr. Morris to take notice of the number of tons of coal con- sumed in a whole week from 6 a.m. Monday morning, till 2 p.m. on the following Saturday in 13 puddling furnaces, the gases of which a ent up one of the Bewsey forge chimneys ; also to take notice of the colour of the smoke as it was emitted from the chimney. And although there were some 30,000 cubic feet of smoke gases being emitted every 70 seconds, he was willing to forfeit any reasonable sum' of money to the charities if anyone could prove tha: there was more than one part by weight of unburrit fuel in 2,880 psrts, owing to rarifaction and the smoke on the average being, only a light brown colour. Mr. Morris was severe in his remarks upon the way differ- ent Sanitary Authorities harressed many manufacturers upori4this question, when at the same time the Govern- ment of the country was equally guilty in their works' of the same thing, and quite unable to prevent it. He quoted the case of a large and influential deputation of Manchester manufacturers recently Waiting .upon the Sanitary Authoritiel and imploring them to be. moro lenient in their prosecution in this matter. He also observed that if people only knew what the composition of smoke was manufacturers would not be persecuted , and prosecuted as they now are, and different authorities would exerercise their discretionary powers in a more sensible and lenient manner. After the reading of the paper, a short discussion was commenced, but owing to the lateness of the hour it had to be postponed until the next meeting. Amongst the visitors were some members of the Society of Engineers, who thoroughly appreciated the able paper. The pro- ceedings terminated with the usual vote of thanks.

It Might be mentioned that it was troin this Society, of which he is now pre-sident, that Mr. Morris wou their Premium Gold Medal for a paper read a few years ago.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

-- TEA SEIIPMEN rs TO MANCRESIER DIRECT.

Reference was recently made to the intended ship- ment of a large consignment of tea at Calcutta and Colombo for Manchester direct. The s.s. Linlithgow, belonging to Messrs. Raelourn and Verel, the owners of the steamers which bring about half of the Indian tea crop to London, is now loading at Calcutta for Mao. cheater, Hailing on Friday,and specially calling at Ceylon to complete with further consignments of tea for Man- chester. The Linlithgow is expected to leave Ceylon on the 10th February and arrive in Manchester about a month later. We understand that the rate of freight which the steamship owners have taken tur the convey - ance of the tea to Manchester in the same rate as is paid In London, and this will enable the tea to be sold in Man cheater at the same price as in London. With the co- operation of the tea merchants of the district it is hoped that Manchester will during the next season become a centre for the importati on and distribution of tea, not- withstanding the fact that imports have previously been attempted both at Liverpool and Glasgow and have failed in both cases.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
A HEARTLEt•S BIGAMIST.

At Berke winter assizss at Reading, on Thursday, be- fore Mr. Justice Grantham, Douglas Campbell, with many aliases, wee found guilty of larceny and bigamy. It was proved that he had several times gone through the form of mat riage with different females, and had obtained money from them and then decamped. The judge described the case as one of the most heartless character, and sentenced the prisoner to the fully penalty of seven years' penal servitude.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
ru'SLSKIN JACKETS AND FURS of EAevery neseription CLRANIID or RN-DYED and °ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up Into rugs &e.-11 COOLR. Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton and 21, „Itenehaw-street, Liverpool. iistablisbed 20

===== 0002601_18950202_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE P.S A. There was again a large attendance at the usual Sunday afternoon meeting of the above, which was pre- sided over by Mr. J. Owen. The speaker was Mr. A. Corner, who delivered a highly intellectu 1 address upon " Harps of God." Revelations 15c. 2v. Mr. W. H. Wallington was the soloist, and he sang " Cleansing Fires," with fine effect. The service was also assisted by the presence of Messrs. James Ball and C. H. Mills. BOLD-STREEr WESLEYAN CHURCH. The usual People's Service in connection with the above was held on Sunday afternoon and was con- ducted by the Rev. G. D. Mason, Mr. W. Hickman gave the address. lie said the subject on which he wished to speak was " Happy homes, and how to make them. He was anxious to say a few words both to the parents and children present. There were, he said, certain rules and laws to be observed in order that homes might be what they would all like them to be. There must be, first of all, a head, a wise head, to whom the other members of the family could look up with confidence and satisfac- tion. There must be a firm hand, and there must also be sacrifice and self-denial on the part of the parents for the sake of their children. On the part of both parents and children, there should be kind- ness and love to unite in one holy band the family together. With regard to the duty of the children, there must be obedience,there must be no prodigals and no black sheep in the family. It was, he said, absolutely necessary, that they should highly esteem their parents, and ever keep in mind the force of that truth, " With what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again." And !act, but not least, there must be bible-reading and prayer. If they observed these rules, their lives would not fail to be bright and happy, and the home on earth would be a foretaste of the home in heaven. Miss Wheatley effectively sang a solo, and the orchestral band rendered several selections of music.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

PETTY SESSIONS.

• WEDNESDAY. —Before Messrs, T. Rigby, C. Reynoldg, A.

Thomas and Dr. iteele.

DRUNK ON LICENSED PRENISES.—WiiIiaM WOITEL of Overton, was charged with being drunk on the licensed premises of the Travellers' Rest, in the occupation of Mary Ellames, on the Ist inst. David Ellames deposed that the defendant visited his mother's public-house on the date named. Efe was intoxicated and refused to leave when requested. The offence was admittad and thA defendant was ordered to pay 10s. including costs. DRIINEHNNESS.—Frederick Didsbury, Main-street, avid Alfred Clays, Main-street, of Frodsham, were each fined Sc. including costs for being drunk and disorderly on the 22nd December and January let respectively. STEALING AN OVERC/bAT.—John Smith, labourer, New- town, Fredsham,was charged with stealing an overcoat, value 103., the property of William Clarke, landlord of the Whalebone Inn, Netherton, on January 29th.—Mary Eliza Clarke, wife of the prosecutor, stated that the prisoner !Fished the house on the previous afternoon about Ave o'clock. He was accompanied by John Wade and remained there about two hours. From what she heard, she charged Smith with taking the overcoat, but he declared his innocence.—John Wade, Newton, gave evid,nce as to seeing accused putting something under his coat whilst in the taproom of the public-house —P.C. Price stated that he received information respecting ths theft, and on examining the roads and fields in the neighbourhood he found a coat in a field, rolled up, and hidden behind a tree, about 150 yards from the public- house. P.C. Breeze apprehended the prisoner who ;n reply to the charge said " I know nothing about it, jam innocent. The _prisoner persisted in his innocence in Court. The magistrates considered the case proved,and fined him 10s. including costs, or in default seven days imprisonment.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

THE READING AND COFFEE Roosr.—The annual meet- ing of the members took place on Friday evening. There was a goodly . number of the members present. The accunts• which showed a balance of £4 Bs. in the treasurer's hands were duly passed. The committee, secretary, and treasurer were re-elected. Mr. L. Rosen- berg was re-elected president.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO CHILDREN AT WIDNES. HARDWORKING HUBANDS AND DISSOLUTE WIVES.

On Thursday, at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before I Councillor W. W. Gossage (in the chair), the Mayor I (Alderman S. Sadler), and Mr. J. Beecham, a labourer, named Richard Atkinson, and his wife, Mary Atkinson, living at 70. Terrace-road, were summoned by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil- dren for neglecting their five children between the 20th of October and the 21st ult., in such a manner as to cause them unnecessary pain and suffering.—Mr. J. W. Knowles, who prosecuted, said the defendants had six children, but one was over the ago of sixteen, and they had the admission of the woman herself that her eldelt son aged eighteen, gave her 12i. a week out of his earnings, and she also said her husband, who was employed by the Corporation, gave her 20s. a week. He (Mr. Knowles) understood that the male defendant was a hard-working man, and had followed his employ- ment regularly for the last six years, and, although he was legally responsible, morally he was not,and he (Mr. Knowles) asked the Bench not to either line him or send I him to gaol, but let him off with payment of costs.— Inspector M'Ateer said it was the worst case lie had ever dealt with. The house was in a filthy condition. There was very little furniture either upstairs or downstairs. The children—Edith Ellen (14), Peter (12), Nancy (6), Jessie (4), and Joseph (16 months)—were in an inde- scribably filthy condition. They were very scan- tily clothed, and covered with vermin. This evidence was corroborated by Police-sergeant Rad- cliffe and Dr. O'Keeffe.—The male defendant was or- dered to pay the costs (103. 6 I.), and the woman was committed to gaol for two months. James Keating, a labourer, residing at 8, Lee-street, and his wife, Mary Ann, were summoned by the society for neglecting their two children, Bartholomew (aged II) and Catherine, aged seven), between the same dates as in the last case. Mr. J. W. KnoWles,in stating the case, said that as in the previous case there was an elder son who earned 17s. Bd. a week, and the male defendant earned 19s. The male defendant was one of those risen who could not manage his wife, and this woman was:a lazy and drunken creature,who cared nothing about her children, and he asked for a severe penalty in her case.— Inspector M'Ateer described the filthy state of the house and children. From inquiries witness had made, the male defendant was a hard-working man, who gave his wife his earnings, but she spent the money in drink.— Police-sergeant Rsdcliffe said the woman was a disgrace to her sex; she was the most disreputable-looking woman in Widnes.—The Chairman said it was another case of a hard-working man being burdened with a bad wife, and he would be only ordered to pay the costs, but the woman would have to go to gaol for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDOW WPILMI'S PILLS FOR FEMALE, COMPLAINTS. AIRS. SMITH ERS, Granu-daughter of the Widow it'. Welch. continues to prepare this oelebrated Medicine from the only original and ge.inine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity lot all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and Inc easing demand. Purchasers should tllerefore attend to the following CAUTION —To he careful that N. hat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Stnithe.a who is the only person in possession of the OEIOI- - IMCIPE. The genuine are wr ppei in Blue Paper, and signed in ins outside label by Mrs. Smithera, and the names oi the sole wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS AND SON, 15, Queen Victoria-st," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved ort the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 25.9 d. each, by mo.st Chemists.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

GOOD TEMPLARY AT LATCHFORD

On Monday evening, the annual meeting in co nection with the Bonehill Branch Lodge of the In- dependent Order of Good Templars was held in the Temperance Hall Latchford. An excellent tea was provided,to which full justice was done by the large attendance of friends and members. After tea an interesting programme was rendered, the chair being occupied by Mr. J. Harrison, of Liverpool, formerly stationmaster at Latchford, and late member of the lodge. After a most encouraging address by the Chairman the programme was proceeded rith and thoroughly appreciated. Bro. W. Sandford moved a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, which was seconded by Bro. H. Richardson, supported by Bros. F. A. Jenkins and B. Few, and carried. Mr. J. Harrison suitably responded, and the meeting closed by singing and prayer. DEPARTURE OF THE REV. E. Moons.

Raving been supplying the Baptist -Church at Bootle for 3i years, the people there have extended to the Rev. E. Moore, of Warrington, a very hearty call: to undertake the entire pastorate, and the rev. gentleman has accepted. At a meeting of the Warrington Evangelical Noncon- formist Ministers' Fraternal on Monday evening at Mr. Moore's house, Latchford, he was bade a very cordial farewell, several gentlemen speaking in very kind terms of their high esteem of his services as secretary for the Fraternal during the past 10 years. The Rev. E. T. Reed (Emmanuel Reformed Church) was appointed secretaty in the Rev. E. Moore's place. The congregation of the Baptist Chapel at Bootle are about to build a new church and schools in Stanley-road. Considerable prosperity has been enjoyed there during the past and there is every prospect of a prosperous future. Mr. Moore, though leaving the town next week, intends to re- tain all his educational work here for some time to come.

ST. ANN'S CHURCH CONGREGATIONAL TEA MEETING.

The St. Anne's congregational tea meeting was held on Tuesday evening, when about 170 sat down to an excellent tea in the schoolrooms, Dannett-st. After tea an excellent concert wa4 given. Mr. John Fairclough presided, and was supported on the platform by the Rev. J. Davies and the Rev: P. J. Byrne.—The Chairman said he thought they would all agree with him that Mr. Davies was the right man in the right place, and he hoped they would help him all they could. A little sympathy went a long way. Mr. Davies had done a great work in the parish, and he (Mr. Fairclough) was sure it they gave him the necessary help that parish would be a very different one in a very short time.—Dur- ing an interval in the programme. the Rev. E. J. Davies gave a description of the work done during the past twelve months. He said the church had been renovated at a cost of £2OO. The schools had also had £lOO spent on them, so that they had ex- pended on their church and schools during the past twelve months £3OO. The offertories had been .£95 and some odd shillings.—Miss C. Wells was well received for her rendering of " The Minstrel Boy." Mozart's "Gloria" was given by the choir and band in a way which earned for them loud ap- plause, and Mr. F. Taylor was recalled for his ex- cellent rendering of the song, "The Owl." Mr. Abdy received an encore for his singing of "Come into the garden, Maud," and he responded with "My sweetheart when a boy." The band were very sue- cesstul in their performance of "Il Trovatore," and Mr. A. Grounds "brought down the house" with his comical sketch, "A Juvenile Party." Miss Milne and Mr. Randall were recalled for their auto-harp and mandoline duet, "Fantasia on National Melo- dies," and responded with "Scenes that are brightest," for which they were loudly applauded. Master Fred Randall was loudly cheered for his song in character "The Little Alabama Coon," and repeated the last verse in response. A ventriloquial sketch by Mr. A. Grounds caused great amusement. Mr. E. A. Podmore acted as accompanist, Mr. W. H. Rigby as leader of the band, and Mr. P. Randall as conductor. The proceedings were brought to a close with the usual vote of thanks.

Sr. JAMES' CII-ITE-C-H- iiiIIOI,I7ITL—TRA MEETING. The annual parochial tea meeting in connection with St. James' parish was held on Monday, when there was a very good number present. The follow- ing is a list of those who had either given trays or half trays :—Mesdames James Fairclough, Slater, Hull, C. S. Burgess, George Venn, Hutchinson, Robert Davies, John White, T. E. Gibson, Warbur- ton, Stansfield, 11. N. Houghton, Shaw, Joseph Davies, Herbert Woods, Cook, Greenough, F. Booth, Taylor, J. H. Warburton, J. A. Edelsen, Sharp, John Coxon, T. Jackson, W. Jackson, Edward Woods, Francomb, Howard ; the Misses Dowling, Pierpoint, and Parry, and Messrs. Wynne Jones, James Tinsley, Wright, Milling and Co., "A Churchman," Pierpoint and Co., and the Rev. B. B. Prescott. After tea, a musical entertainment was given, presided over by the Vicar (the Rev. F. Slater.) The opening piece was a brilliantly played pianoforte duet by Messrs. L. Lane and F. Booth, followed a song en'itled " Rage, thou angry storm," by Mr J. H. Warburton. A song in character by Mr. B. Booth, "7th Royal Fusiliers," elicited much applause, assistance in the chorus being rendered by one or two of the younger mem- bers of the Boys' Brigade. In the absence of Mrs. W. E. Atkin, a couple ef songs were very tastefully rendered by Miss Pemberton, namely, "Romance of Life," and " Waiting for the King." She was awarded a hearty encore for her first contribution. The humorous element was well sustained by Mr. W. Litton who was several times warmly encored. Several members of the chair and Mr. J. H. Warbur- ton were heard to effect., the former in the lullably " Sweet and Low" and the lattdr in "To-morrow will be Friday." An admirable rendering was given of the humorous trio " Three Young Maids" by the Misses Pollitt and K. Booth. Mr. F. Booth proved himself a highly efficient accompanist.—At the conclusion of the entertainment dancing was commenced, and was continued with evident en- joyment for about two hours.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE VIRTUE OF VACCINATION."

A matter that recently excited popular attention was discussed at the meeting of the Baptist Mutual Improve- mient Society, held in the schoolroom. Galborne-street. on Friday evening. Mr. Henry Walker presided, and there was a fair attendance. Mr. John S. Green intro- duced the subject, " Is there any virtue in vaccination?" and said he took the negative side of the question be- lieving it to be the side of safety and of right. He was convinced that vaccination was founded on fancy, and flourished on fraud. What was vaccine ? It was septic matter from a disease, and how impurity could fortify any person's system lie failed to see. Yet what was this filthy rite to effect ? Nothing short of the ex- terpation of small-pox, and for this pretentious claim Jenner was rewarded by Parliament with 230,000. The money would have been better thrown into the sea, than used to commend a system that had wrought so much mischief to the civilised people of the world. as to how far that claim had been substantiated, attentinn need only to be called to the recent outbreak of small- pox in Warrington and to the fact that the disfase flourished as much now as ever it did. How it was claimed that vaccination afforded " protection " from small-pox, but Mr. Green argued that this was a fallacy, as well as the claim of protection from re-vaccination. It was further claimed for vaccination that, even if it failed to protect from small-pox, it mitigated ..he disease, but the speaker discribed this as an utterly, absurd claim. In fact, the claims of the vaccinists were altogether imaginary, and in proof of this assertion, reference was made to the "shifts" astopted by the Jennerites te bolster up the abominable practice. They firstly assert that a single vaccination would protect for life; secondly, that foLir good marks were necessary ; thirdly, that re-vaccination would act the charm, and now they insisted upon vaccination every seven years. Sorely after such shifts as these, vaccination justified the description given to it by Dr. Creighton—" a grotesque superstition !" Why was vaccination kept up? Simply to put money into the pockets of its practitioners, who, according to medical testimony, had never studied vaccination and who kept it " above reproach" by giv- ing false certificates- of death from this filth. Still, if vaccination had failed in one direction, it had succeeded beyoad all expectation in another. It had succeeded in establishing new diseases of terrible and disgustirg character, which caused 10,000 deaths every year. The deaths from eve of these diseases—syphilis, cancer, wasting disease, blood-poisoning, and skin diseases, exceeded the total deaths from smallpox. Theao dis- eases, too, had steadily increased since vaccination was enforced by penal laws, and the speaker appealed to the audience as to whether they could further support a system that worked b 0 much evil. The most odious feature of vaccination was the compulsion that was ax- ercised, and Mr. Green demanded the right of every man to exercise his own judgement on ibis subject. The vaccination laws Interfered with the liberty of the sub- ject, and by repeated penalties tended to bring the law Into contempt. In conclusion the speaker urged his hearers to think for themselves and to join the ranks of those who were doing their utmost to impede the pro- gress, and to seek the prohibition, of "this devastating Jennerian juggernaut." In the discussion which fol- lowed Messrs. J. A. Heywood, W. Drewett, A Balm- ford, the Chairman and others took part'—On the pro- position of Mr. Nalmford, seconded by the Rev. D. W Roberts, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Green for his address, and a similar compliment having been passed to the Chairman, the proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_18950202_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ELEMENTARY EDUCATION AT HAYDOCK.

One man's loss is said to he ano'her's gain, but this was not the experience of Mr. James F. Joy. of es,. Corporation-street, Manchester, for he lost 50 pounds and no one benefited • and a good reason why, for it mysteriously and rapidly disappeared ; vanished, as were, into thin air ; and just how and why lv lost it ha cannot explain. But it was restored to him in an equally astonishing manner, and reads more like a romance than an every-day occurrence. " About four years ago I had an attack of influenza, which kept me in bed four weeks. When I got up and about again I it was very nervous ; could get no sleep, could not eat, ~ and suffered with pains in the head and face, which al- I most droveme mad. I got worse and e orse week after week. Of course I had medical advice, and various kinds of medicine, f rem of which. I received any benefit. When things got to the worst, and everybody, including myself, had given up all hope, I met a friend whom I had not seen for some time, and seeing the condition I was in (I had lost 4 stone in weight), he said, • Try Warner's "Safe" Cure.' I laughed at the idea. No patent medicine for me, thank you.' But he insisted, saying : ' Don't got one bottle and Use it, and then say it is no good. Your case is too serious for that. It has , taken years to bring you t) your present condition, and you won't be cured in a week, but if yoa will get bottle after bottle for a month, and take•same as per instruc- tions, and you do not find yourself well on the road to recovery at the end of that time. I will pay for all you have taken, and stand a guinea silk hat into the ' bargain." I yielded and got a large bottle, and telig;.— iously took eight doses a day. When that was done got another, and followed suit. At the end of weeks I felt no better, though everyone eke congratul- : ated ma upon the improvement that had taken Place' ‘, This encouraged met) go on, which I did for about four months. At the end of that time I was as well as ever bad been in ray life, gaining weight all the time. Sin" then I have .ever had a day's illnes."

THE NONCONFORMISTS AND MESSRS. RICHARD° EVANS AND CO. On Wednesday night, a meeting was held in the Congregational Schools, Hay(lock, to consider the action of Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., collier/ proprietors, in closing the infant portion of wads' brook British Scho :Is. The Rev. J. H. Riddetts presided. A resolu'ion was unanimously carried lor,°: testing against the grave injustice which would done to Nonconformity in compelling parents te send their children to Church of England schoolsi The meeting considered the closing of the ech" in question was an unnecessary and uncalled for changeli by which only the most trifling saving would be effect to the shareholders, and was an insidious attempt tie unduly favour a particular creed and damage Nonc?e. formity. It was a serious departure from that PI of strict impartial respect for the religious opinioe their employees for which in former years the I-1 aydo4!.; Colliery Company was so honourably distinguished, ar!' the meeting called upon the directors to continue toe Blackbrook School on its old basis, and so prohibit the introduction into its teaching of any catechism or doC; trine special to any particular Church. The prepcse",_ action of the company has caused a good deal of eitC4' meat among the Haydock Nonconformists.

CONSUMPTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to s diererS from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be rnanently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatmen' without the chance of failure. Wr te with full confidence Mr. Wlizresta, 11, Bureood Place, Norfolk Crewel) London. Ile will send you full particulars free Of charge.

1 In washing, MATCHLESS CLEANSER is aperfect Trestare saves much work and time, to use it s Ft ple`liU re. —ADO'

AI A it KET:i. WARRINGTON NIARKET.-WEDNFSDAT, JAN 30T11. t, FRUIT, VEGi TABLE POHLTRY. BUTCHERS',AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. d• ; 8. d. S. 4, 8. d. 8.; 8 • Tlf.f. Rng..itir rn 0 stn 0 9 Melons each ... ii 6 -11, Lamb per lb -:. 0 0-0 0 Oranges, each 0 0 - Motto') „ - 0 10 Celery lr stick 02 - ~0 1 Veal „ „ -0 10 Pears 0 2 - Pori, „ „ -0 8 Apricots each 0 0 Pork shies _0 - ~ cured Whole pigs., et " 6-7 9 Outoviv.ers each 0 0 u,,, I Geese „ - 0 10 Cabbages each 0 2-u - 8 ' F./w s tit couple 4 6-5 6 Tomatoes frb 1 6- 2 A , Chickens - G 0 Filberts lb - - Ducks „ - ° : 2 Ity•llts Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus Se 0000 0-: 6 • Pigeon.,, -0 0 Potatoet ,o• load 8 0 -7., • Part'idge brace 3 6-0 0 New potaioi,s „ 0 0- 7, 0 • Grouse „, - 0 0 Mrisorooms sp. tsl 0 Pheasants -8 0 Green Pen,, v. 0. 00-: 0 TurkeF 1 0— 1 2 Green -pr, .its 11 0 3 ---,; • Butter, fresh l 2-1 3 B. sins, kidney rh 0 0-: g Hen eAgs 7& 8 1 0 - 0 0 Pomeg :au.a,es„. 0 1 --"„ 6 Duck „ -0 0 Walnuts , --: • Apples lb -0 3 Lemons „ ...... 0 1 ---: 0 Onions ~0 1- 0 2 Chet le . 0 0-- n 0 Grapes „ -2 0 Fine 5B 0-" 0 Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 „ good 5O 0 - ,b(6, • Greengages Vta 0 0-0 0 , ordinary... 300 -1 0 Cherries „ ...... 0 0-0 0 Lobster 17 n. ..• 1 4 ---ii. 0 • Strawberries .. 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ - Damsons „ „ 0 0-- 0 0 S,dmon ~ - w 6 Plums ~0 0- 0 0 Whitings -0 6 • _ 0 Gooseberries „ 0 0-0 0 Fluke.. ~ Haspi.erries „ 0 0-0 0 Eels ~ „ - • Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles .• o - e, 6 ~ Red Currant. 0 0-0 0 Sparlings - 4 0 4 - 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Coltish ~ Seakale Vtis 0 0-0 0 Mackerel each 03 - 6 0 Rhubarb bch 0 0-13 o lierri.,g r dozen 1 0 - MARRIAGE. •

rthdreb' INNE9 —NrYTTALL. —On the 24th inst., at St. Paunt ots Stalybridge, by thP Rev. T. 11. Sh.riff. David, 00a :f the late Robert Junes. of Stalvbridga to Mien, daughter late James Nuttall,of Warrington. DEATHS.

RICHARDSON.—January 18th, at SS. Austin's-lane, ..ar ton, Francis Richardson, aged 73 yeaes at&t°3' Al,Lcocit. January 19th. at AntrObus-strect. Watti William Allcock, AMC' 1 14 month.. u Oda ACTON. —Janua,y 19th, at Allen-street. Wurington• Acton, aged 2 years. rjAii GARRITY.— January 21st, at Callana.laue, Warringtoth Garrity, aged Warll*L.- Musitarr.--January 22nd, at Crossley-street, John Muskett, aged 69 years oar NORBURY. January 23rd. at Inizabcth-street. Warria-gt Elizabeth Hannah Norbury, aged 4 years.

Warrington.—Printed anct PubHemet by JoHN "I" tree at The Azynsiner General Printing Works. And Published also at The Examiner Offices. Viev";—. net„S• NY,,Nce ; High-street, RUNCORN : 32. Ge'".47,7.1350•51 Helens ; ar.cl 3,ilvtlet-street, IfasarisTOWN.—^ 2 185..1

, „et.„s. ..Butoi`ir

===== 0002601_18950202_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LOST FIFTY POUNDS.

===== 0002601_18950202_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ell ect rai ol 7."

T° W N II Ab L, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. ATM:MY AND Mu-NI/AY NEXT, FEB. 2 AND 4, 1895. F,fth An,mal ERTAINMENT of the SCHOU OF ST. PETRY'S SCHOOLS. Doors o, at 7, Concert to begin at 730 p.m. Tickets (Numbered and Reserved) 2s. ; IteServed (Unnumbered), 1..; and a Few Back Seats. 6d. Plan of the Hall to be seen at Mr. Liotrott's, High-it. APTIST CHAPEL, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGITON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). 10-30 '4". D. W. ROB NTS. Subject: "Aggressive Christianity." 8-30 Rev A LONG. Russell-Konria, Orissa, India. Collection for Baptist Missionary Society.

1 .P.S.C.E. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION. THE ANNEAL CONVEVTION will to held in the WYOLIFFh' CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, , .72.1.11R1N0T0N. on THURSDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY Trn, t mmo. at 3 and 7.30 o.m. - , The Rev. W. KNIGHT CHAPLIN. of London. Mon. Sec I, M the British National Council, and Editor of " Christian Itadeavour ;" Rev. J. J. MUIR, F L.S., President of the LI/MPOOI and District Union ; W. H, HOPE, Esq., Vice- President of the Liverpool and District Union; Rev. W. H. TOWERS Manchester, and othsrs will take part. The meetings are open to all. Friends interested in Sunday aelactol and other work among the young are very cordially 111Mted. Us will be provided at 5.30 eta charge of 6d. each. Collection at evening meeting for expenses. 1 ( -WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. PUSIDENT JOHN RYLANDS, ESQ., J.P. SEASON 1894 95. , THE SECOND , CHAMBER CONCERT . Will be given in the ,„ 0 CO-OpERATIVE HAt L. SANKEY-STREET, . 4 THURSDAY N ?.XT, FEBRUARY 7TH, 1895. . ARTISTE-. : VOCALIST MISS M %HY HILLHOUSE. Puro,vorrrn MR. FRANK W REYNOLDS. 'Floral( . b. VtotortcrLto MR FRANK H. CROSSLEY. MR. CARL FITCH.... I. TiZlerved Seats. 4s. and 12s. 6d. Unreserved Seats, Is. It., eta may be obtained from Mr. It. H. PEARSON, Bold. D'lvhere the plan ,f, Reserved Seats m.ty now he seen. aPen at 7 p.m. Concert at 7.30. Carriage 10 p.m. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. ft. .......801d-st., January 23rd, 1895. .._ To TEE ELECTORS OF TEIE APPLETON DIVISION t . OF THE CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. aatttiES AND GENTLEMEN. fern, It is with much regret I feel it my duty to M- N, that it is not my intention to seek re-election of :,.."0 County Council at the expiration of my term -meil .•n sorry , wich is now fast approaching. lam very atte' that my health has latterly not permitted me to co:a to the very onerous duties devolving upon the one titY Councillor for this important division, as I was occo able to do, and as I consider I ought to do while 11,ing the position in which you have placed me. to take this opportunity of expressing my Ithwtaeful thanks to my constituents, from whom I have wh,,' Ye received such unanimous and unvarying support, health l I wc,uld have gladly continued to serve, h.. d my geau Permitted it, ano from whom I am patting with and sincere regret. ' "ave the honour to be ladies and gentlemen, Your obedient servant ......6igaed) J. CEIARLTON PARR. -11... p! T.,11- WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD ...i zlrs n OtWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, "ftr,., CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., La. BICBERSHAW COLLIERIES. ' %Az orbitaan OFFICE .• Arpley Station. Warrington. , —IN" : SL Tx WHARVES • I Telephone No. 10. ' ~...,4q. Arp'eyßa , Tel. Address, , street, Runcorn. (3arscon,. Arpley, Warringt,on. Mold "Jk Quay .n.

T. & W• ('Ross, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, bC/ILlgn WAttRINGTOII. - AND CNIMNRY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONhTRUCTORS. ihin.r.NAGE WORK. STR ET MAKING and every —.l:Alon of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK E TIMATtuD FOtt.

G and CA LIST ENICS. MISS ,ertinutr° NAGII holds her CLASSFS at 63. Bevrsey-st., e•,.,..81C3114N1iaS on MONDAY Steps at 7-30, p.m. ". 'der quarter. Children And Adult Beginners at 2-30 p.m., :Os. 6d per quarter. Families Par' 'nth '44 fc,avE I:I3SSONS In all the fashionable round dances, f:ea.,Per quarter, Three Private Lessons in the s school a and la Mlles attended. L11,4' Itis' Select PRIVATE OLAt'S is forming for Adults g its . • r)" Ousrtor. Also a Se ect Afternoon CLASS for Chilarea only, lb. 6d. per quarter. Schools and attend d

AIEST PRICE Given for o OldCl7tm An I.dandStitql:... Ltr; attended Silver, tat:4o4,° 1 S,ltieLti,la ed -I,VE 1 to. C. H. HAYHURST aterria Clibson), '73. Itenstum-etreet. Liverpool.

ANNIE TONKS, LORD-sTHENT, RUNCORN. Qtreit v 815 N AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH o__ 134400 RATER, GLAZIER,PAPER HANGER, Ix. were for town and country punctuallyattended to.

CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKDT.sTRRET, r4ltt EARLESTOWN.' BUTTONER, NB WS AGHNT. PRINTING • 44147,4:4 BOOKBINDING Done to Order. -'4PURS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. &too • assortrnent of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

cort, Ti OM. A 14 RAIN. FOR and GENERAL COMMISSION bb as, n AGENT, ii-qrrsa "L&I3STOICH STREET, WARRINGTON. 1*41414-48rrit(TrilIT. OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. 114111 t Oltenta, &e. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. fot 444:7114:1 473,1 RATES of COMMISSION on application. th i I Live Stnolc, Accident, and riortheern PPl:ter awass In3urAnee Co. 111 -ItS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. IikTISON AND KNOWLES COAL AND COMPANY.LIMITED. tfJç IteriNE•ll wI"N• t All k, MAO ANER, ALFRED PERRIS. -ebt Cbdt ot R and Engine Fuel (44041 stoe4. eclat, Note. B_uar.gy. y House b 1.13 latiy t '"t "'PIZ r1011"17.0.;r82' -tended.to. e p ren,,ived *tan at 19s. Sankev.st.

i 4104 ;(f loe

lIUSSEY'S ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE, EVERY ARTICLE REDUCED. ALL PRICES MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. JEWELLERY, FANCY DRAPERY, HIGH - CLASS LEATHER GOODS AND FOREIGN NOVELTIES, 116. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. P' OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

MR. T. MOORES and family wish to thank all kind friends for sympathy expressed in their sad bereave- ment.—Laburnum House, Manchesttr-road, Warrington. January 29th, 1895.

NEW TALE! NEW TALE!! There WILL BB COMMENCED in the " EXAMINER ' of FEBRUARY 16th A NEW TALE OF ENTHRALLING INTEREST, ENTITLED "WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR." BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of " A MAD BETROTHAL," " lONE," "PARTED BY FATE," ETC., ETC.

W • P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FUVNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS,' CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS. BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. ac. WIRE NETTING, FERMIN/4 WIRE, HASS' NE I TES, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS, LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. WH RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HOUSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOLTNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £sto £l,OOO on personator other security. 215. Repayable es. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, ~ 20s. „ ~ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

OPECIAL PURCHASE OF EVENING SUEDE GLOVES. 14 butt length 1/6} per pair. Usually 2/6 per. pair. 18 butt length 1/11} per pair. Usually 3/6 per pair. THE ABOVE CAN BB HAD IN ALL SHADES AND saws. HENRY MILES, THE WELL-KNOWN GLOVER, 25 & 255, CHURCIL-STRBET, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR .MADII TO ORDER in 1 the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

OPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES snicIALLY MADEI FROM 4/6. IF between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent muse, ordinary print becomes confused. and the letters run into one a other, then spectacles are neeessary. CHADBURN AND SON, 17, JAMES-STRBET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station,) ARE THE OLO OPTICIANB IN LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEBIDDRTON, WIGAN AID ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WEIRF, 27 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. • ENLARGEMENT OP PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED PROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNI.TII, AGENT.

pp UPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 11.. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? A 9. Grosvenor-street. Lon- +on-roagi. Manchester.

ASTHMA! ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THE LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, IIUDGH.ROW. CANNON-SC. LONDON. B.C. Wonderful tuas Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions. .te. THIS LEWIS POCKET NASAL ISM LEH, 28., by post 2s. lid, THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER PO W- DBE, per tin 3s. 64 ,by post .!s. 9d. TRH LEWIS NASAL 'RESPIRATOR le , try post Is. lid. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR, for Dixon' Cases. 7s. 6d., complete. " GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. post lc lid

W. B HATT Y, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small cmalatities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHION/1814 JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privalsy. Conditions regulated by law. R H. REED, JEWELIR AND PAWNBKOXER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by Use Adelphi Hotel.)

CIGARS I CIGARS! CIGARS. THE BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. DARVEL BAY • TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a po3I ion to offer them at the exceedingly low price at 18s. per 100 or samples can be had at 5 for Is. THE BMOKHRIBS. 58, HORSEMARRET-ST„ AND TE OLD FOX INN, BUTTRIIIIARKET-STRIGIT, WARRINGTON. J. BBSWICK, Proprietor.

(MORRIS'S TOLD AND HONEY, IThe only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, &e. ' I MORIVS'S TIC-CURB PILLS FACTS. •{ The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. ---- MORRIS, CtuntlST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, L and all De-alers.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirm/it,. Clock) Manchester MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Arliticisl Teeth making. In Price, Qattlity. Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evideno. of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends wilt oblige by intorming them of suitable places. TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, BIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown anti Anehor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTRD FREE every FRI DAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. Th. best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by 11.41. R. Lettors patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. • MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andchespest. MACDONALDS TRETH are of Prize Medal Quality. ' MACDONALDS RTH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. ! MACDONALDS TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums.: MAC DONAU/8 'TENTH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS TRETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS 11313TH are superior English American. MACDONALDS TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS TEETH an unrivalled Psinless System. 1 MACDONALDS 11414111 are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS 'TEETH are aids toH. alth and Beauty. MACDONALDS TEETH are recommeslded by thousands. MACDONALDS TERTH are supplhd t. wholosale prices. MAC DONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD.. give all Information Flee. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdsle, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD-, Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6. Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address , NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, lIIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE ever) Fill DAY.I 1 a.m.to 6 p.sn MACDONALDS LIMITED 28, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

TE WH•L ph,TH. TENTH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the rice UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, TEETH. and perhaintendingps a patients s besti that guaranteej. H io,fA 111 tidio. - bON has one of the Largest Dental nactiees TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LO • lisT POSSIBLE PRICE TEETH. no Any giving maiiitoorlanirkoneb y him, and TENNI. A SATISFACTION in very detail will be Immediately corrected, or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETA. 21 sets having been inserted for patients TEETH. during one year only directly and indirectly through the voluntary p rsuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses. TEETH. for reference, will begiven to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom • mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. T EETH. Parkinson s success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH adapted for the COMPORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE t ONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. TEETHTEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, . do., as hith •rto, by tke aid ef his own made sow liqu firs for sale to dentists, nearly LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE. of which he 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of kis TEETH. experienee. TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER 64 idOSLEY-STREET (NationalTalephone, No. 1663. LIVERPOOL. 24, CHURCH-oTREET. ST. HELENS, GEO IiGE-STREET. ' EARLE .4TOWN. on TUESDAYS at Mrs. Kees. 2 tot p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNIEsDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side eutranoe, first fleor) 2 to (, p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs.Hughee. Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. BORT/MICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, Lir 11 to 12 a.m.. and 1 to 5 o.m. ia

VIOLINS, VIOLONCBLLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Cbanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &c.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHA.W-STRBET. LIVBRPOOL.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings In the Proylnees. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed' return fare on £lO orders and above.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking, aught to be. This can never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be heuseholder has to resort to the Easy Payment System, a new name for the ini- quitous Hire t.-) -lee.. To furnish a house on the Hire System, alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortiod ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, such as not to remove the mark on the furniture, n 4 to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mercinaries to inspect the furniture. To pay the Instal- ments regularly, and if oriels missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you nsay have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2) worth of furniture. but missed the last percent by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and t•tick to the £l9 veld, as well as the turniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned In titre, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require assistance go to Mr. W. H. Woreley, " The Pantheon." Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you s iii, cond.deration, sell you goods at the iowt st cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per ;lent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr. Worsloy ras several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 lbs.. £2O, £25, £3O. £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not is penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, uponlo per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BARGAINS AT WO itsLurs.—DßAwi NG- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, toot £4O, prioe for quick sale £9 (sash, £9 1.95. credit. with Cabinet, 2 Tables. Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, La, tteavy Dining-room Suite. complete, In Mahogany, nphol- sitioi in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll 104 owith Side Board, Dining Table, Overmantle, and Coal Val Nil to match; also a Persian Carpet and Heartlarng. Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand, '1 hree chairs and Rail, polishedsatinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Curtains, Mat- tress, atc., all to match. Ten per Celli added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Complete Howse of Furniture mainly second-hand, for £2O cash: £22 if deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room mite in leather, couch, two easy chairs sad four single ch-drs, dining table, mahogany sdeboard. Persian carpet and hearthrug, brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, elixirs. arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and tireirons, hearthritg, oilcloth. fix. The bedroom Is furnished with bedroom suite, ckairo and rail. chew ber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, bolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender.. The atairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, brass rods, de. The ball or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mass and a 0000 R mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient 1 lot ever offered. Other lots. £25, £3O. £35, £4O, and 8.50, equally cheap; particulars sent en appliestion. Every article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved. WONSLEY73 'THE PANTHEON," GATTHORN., MANCHESTER. Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m .

LORD BROW. Is THE SALE OF SALES. FOR PARTICULARS OF GOODS AT HALF-PRICE. SEE HANDBILLS. Two minutes' walk from Market Gate down Bridge-street WILL SAVE YOU MANY A POUND AT LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL' AND CRT. BRAT LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. • THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and ,-wolien Udders. For Sore throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d .3s. Bd., and 7s. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, its Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 34.6 d. per dozen Rwes),l3s, per dozen (cow.). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Proltrated Cows and Bwes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea, and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price Is. 94. per bottle, 201. per dozen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pala. For Severe Diarrhcea and Influenwt. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s, 6d. per bottle. SPECIAL' CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and El 10s. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and pmt free. ROYAL ANIMAL MBDICINII MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON. W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made front Slanghter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pall Closeta. BLOOD, BONUS, FISH, Delivered In bags, carriage paid, at RS per tow. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should ke the season in prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrineham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester, Mr. L H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

1/ottls.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMPORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

r LANDIJDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 1.4 PARADE, healthiest part. centre et Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end. terms 156.-13. BASER, Proprietor.

SOUTHPO RT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician Dr. BARNARD°. Summer and Winter Residence. one of the handsomest buildings in t.outhpott, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ;near Parks. Piers, Trams, and Golf Links; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galyanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J, BOOCOCH.

• GEORGE HENRY LEE & BASNETT STREET LIVERPOOL, Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF FANO ARTICLES. SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ARt EMBROIDERIES, IND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PLIBLIsHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS In Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR ()BESTIR S Sprcial. • 0.11. and Co.'. Is. 311-d. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 51 Cards and Envelopes. The beet Box ever offered. High Class Cards. original value 10s. By Post 4id. extra. TUB LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary, Household Accounts and Washing Books, beeides a mass of Useful Information for the Home. Pest Free 1,. 6d. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES. GENTS' TIES, and SCARVES. SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, M., For Presents. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY, GRANT'S MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY, }Lave yen ever tasted this JOUJOU!, liqueur. whist Is made from Pee larllollB Kent Morellos ? QUEEN'S QUALITY for general use, SPtTSIdAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the open air. SOLD EVERYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off witii inferior make THOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

T LIE LOUVRE FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT. Cs GOLDSTONE AND OONS, PROPRIETORS. 115, AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. The Largest, Cheapest. and Best Assorted Stock of New and Second-hand FurrPture in Lancashire. INSPECTION EARNESTLY INVITED. THOSE ABOUT TO MARRY, And those who contemplate adding to their pressmt Stock of Furniture are specially invited to pay an early visit to the Manchester Louvre (opposite All Saints' Church). No one will be pressed to buy. and our Salesmen have instruc- tions to show the public through our Spacious and Elegant , Showrooms without importunity. Every facility is offered to intending purchasers. All goods are delivered free in our own carts and vans or securely packed for transit by Rail, Carriage Paid. Every article is tested before leaving the premises, and, if necessary, skilled workmen will be sent out to plan carpets, and fit the house up. Estimates given for the complete furnishing of a House from £2O to £l,OOO in value. Advice gratis on the choiee and selection of EVERY REQUISITE FOR COTTAGE OR MANSION. Parties visiting the Manchester Louvre should enter the Oxford-street, liusholme or Withington ear at Picadilly, and ask the conductor to stop at the MANCHESTER where they will be astonished to Sad such spacious and , elegantly appointed Showtooms, surpassing anythiug out- side of London. Do not forget that we now hold THE MOST COMPLETE COLLECTION OF FURNITURE EVER OFFERED AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ITS ORIGINAL COST. Absolutely unapproachable for Elegance. Comfort, Dora- tray, and Cheapness. This week's list of bargains contains some very choice Specimens of Good and Substantial Furniture, and tl.e fur- nishing public would do well to inspect these goods before deciding elsewhere. BARGAIN No. I.—Complete House of Furniture, consists , of hall, sitting-room, bedroom, and kitchen, all complete, for 18 guineas. Write for particulars. BARGAIN No. 2.—Complete House of Furniture, all high- glass goods, consisting of dining-room, sitting-room, two bedrooms, hall and landing and kitchen, all complete; delivered free for £3O, worth £5O. BARGAIN No. 3.—Drawing-room Suite, in rich Utrecht velvet, solid frames, consisting of large size couch, lady's and gent's easy chairs, and2slx small chairs ; well worth 15 guineas; our price £7 15s. BARGAIN No. 4.—Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe. 6ft. wide, with three separate compartments. hangings, shelves, drawers, to., large bevelled plate in centre door, equal to new, by good maker only. £l6 16e. , BARGAIN No. s.—Substantial Dining-room Suite in real ' skins (second-hand), solid frames, comprising the usual nine pieces. A bargain at 12 guineas. BARGAIN No. 6.—Very Pretty Drawing.roorn Suite, In Chippendale mahogany frames, upholstered in handsome old tai estry, ,ataining settee. pair of easy chairs, and four small chairs ; a bargain at £.9 15s. BARGAIN No, 7.—Very massive Dining-room Suite, in solid walnut, upholstered in real morocco, hair stuffed, (guaranteed), consisting of large size lounge, pair of luxu- rious easy chairs, and six standard small chairs, all padded backs, and ful,y esstored ; cost when new £45 ; our price repolished and delivnret £25 103. BARGAIN No. B.—Magnificent High-class Solid Walnnt Bedroom Suite (seeond-hand), made by Hill and Stewart, Glasgow. The wardrobe, which is nearly 6ft. wide, is a rare specimen of the csibinet-mal,er'a art. Fitted with large bevelled plate in sided or and with drawers, cupboards on the other side. The dressing ta ,le is fitted with large mirror and relleifing side mirrorS, and all plush lined. The wash- stand, with haadsome rouge Royal marble slab, with glass I back. The pedestal to match, three chairs opholstered in plush to match and double towel airer. This suite has only been in use for a short time, and will be sold at half its original cost, Repolished and delivered free for 60 guineas. BARGAIN NO 9—Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite, consisting of 41t. Wardrobe with bevel plate or Centre door and large drawer below ; pair large size Toilet Tables, Pedestal, three Cane Ch Ire, and Towel Aker. Our price £l2 12s. BARGAIN No. 10.—Very massive Brass Persian Bedstead, all square pillars and tut tug' slightly soiled, cost when new, ' £24; our price, £l6 10s. 150 in stock from El ss. Call and inspect. BARGAINS No, 11 to 15,—Great quantity of Hair-seating Furniture and Enamelled Bedroom Furniture, well worth inspection. NOTICE.—As it is sometimes inconvenient to pay all the cash down when Furnish n.s, we make arrangements where- by a portion of the account may be paid for, by weekly or monthly payments, to suit the psrchasers. Our charge for this convenience is 1 , per cent. adclqW,oiatie.aaluturit that is unpaid, and not on the full amount, as is usually charged by other firms, thereby saving you the percentage on the amount you pay down. GOLDSTONE AND 'SONS, 115, AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, (Opposite All Saints' Church), MANCHESTER. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE ANY DISTANCE.

Gri UINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTHE ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD •ND BITTED/ ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2, near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72. THOg tS-STRERT, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CURS. TIPS. CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT. AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. • DONIINOES, ',OHMS. DRAUGHTS, &n. UMBRELLA AND WALKIVG STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. BOYLE'S I Burning the New Smokeless Fsiel I See the latf.et. b4ora you purchase. I 1./10 VINO. MAI)D EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES. entirely superseded. A self -hosting iron for 5s Thousands selling. Suppled on appioval. stiowttooMs. 41, DRANSGATB (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHA ENGINEERING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-strait. Oxford-street,

STAMP COLLECTORS. Try our PACKKT OF STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price Is. Id by poet. Wholesale and liet,ll Lists Free, Large Sto 1t.4 Rarities on hand. We Buy Old Foreign Stamps, look° or in books, on enyelepes or other wises Old Stamped Envelopes Bought, THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO., 21 V ICTORIA-S TREE T, LIVERPOOL,

I FANCY GOODS, PICTURES. PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

Pubkat fons.

“HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH.”—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the sure of sit kinds of Debility : post free, two starnps.—Addrese Dr. BA/WM. 48, Lona,'lale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY A LADY DOCIOR. Free, two stamps MIDALIK A. B. LILY, Coll3thrt-5t Bristol. InvAluable information rind blessing to womankind.

AGOOD PLAN.—The sliest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory nook sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GacinuE EVANS and Co,, Stockbrokers, 24. Queen Vietoria-st.. London, WC.

ThiPORTANT NOTICR.--WANTICD every matt to see the Mirror, an illustrat,ed guide of 64 pages. /Free isy post. Any address in envelope.—Write H. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Fitaallan-square, Sheffield.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and Iwit send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure lor lost strength, wasting woakness, &c., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEOTRIO. ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LHIGA. nal. Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

FURTHER PROOF that CONSUMPTION and ASTHMA always relieved by DR. LocoOK's Pvt.:tar-NW WAFERS. ~ 7 Pearce, M.P.S.. 217, Athol Street. Liverpool writes : lady stated to me that Dr. Lock' s Pu:mimic Waters weni the only thing that gave ease to her daughter. suff iring frold Consumption. This is only one cave out of many J c°ood mention." BR. LOCOCII'S WAFERS instantly relieve t%., rapidity cure As tuna, Consumption, B metals, 00tIg"t. Colds, Shortness ot Breath. Phlegm, Pains in the (lit Rheumatism, and taste pleasantly. Sold at Is. 11d, 26: 4s. 6d. and 11s. per box by all Druggists.— dvt. (2).

tioyal Laundresses say Critehley's " SWIMS (.11°:i is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to 04°13 linen, lc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. 13°ric wall, says :—" My wife will not finistr our linen without "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford " Dear B.fied lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so''7 it St irch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours. b., should be used in every house. Sold at 15., 35., and 6d., sf, most starch sellers. If not in stock will proctors Ir• OBITCIILE7. Blsokburn. Pronrietor.—Adst DUST RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PA TRUSSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented..„ boon to wearers, hs•ing no spring at back. Singl, 75.1. Double 12s. Carriag e paid. Send size in inches to WOODEND. Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Advt•

RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURrI. The afflicted are respectfully notified that ,jr. S' SIIERMAN. Hernia Spc will continue t prfctice at ell, OLD Ind ONLY BRANCH Cal:Ai:4ms in NIANCHEsTER. "Thee 26, KING-STRKET (duet, g the whole of the year 1895 he so long has had such L NPARALLED SUCCESS in the tr7or , ment of the MANY THOUSANDS who have applied to h,„„riluot. relief and cure of rupture at 26, KING-STREET, MANClirhauti London address 64, Chancery-Inns, where he ALT ERN •T E Weeke. Send stamp for his NEW RUPTURE and other useful information, now FRNE of CA:6O., NoTE. —His only address in MANCIIPSTER is 26 KING II which is convenient to all Railway Stations. CAUTf6leak. CAUTION II I CAUTION II I Bew ire f untrue and 0115.0er log advertisements new appearing in ManclieHer ss.d-dreso new,papers. Do no be deceived. His oil and onlY $ Abet inManchester is 26, Klng-st., and r,member t at Ite "ROI person bearing the name of SIINELMAN has until ";nches- th e past few aye ever had any addre , Ps what ever in ter. S. J. SHERMAN is the only parson bearing thin, "d he who has had offices in Manchester for some years Psst. lost lathe actu,il and only person who hes effected the son oat Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere throug Great Britain during that period.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. pli4b OFFICE ... ... ... ... High-at., Newton ~.08YILASTER ... Mr. James Jordan ... ... ... litre 4" of (Weekdays 7 a.m. to 9p m. • 211.1,Qce. 1 Sondays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 C•ln 8p graph Office Is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. t. and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Order:sn' SavingsPa ls reaßacilekspßaLtietd t Business a 1 9 am, -5 tci 6 a .nPim. . , 248 Lin:Tl4s P.m., and 8 p.m. t/t DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

, 81lowin LIST OF DESPAICHES. g the time to which a letter can be posted with Ora 'rY Postage. and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Ea rlestown, Gothorn°, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan. Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, h orth Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire. Liverpool, North Wales.Preston,St.ll elem.. Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

The representatives of the Russian aristrocracy who heard Czar Nicholas declare that he would " uphold aristocracy" went immediat,•lv to the Kasan Cathedral nri had " a Mass of thanksc_.iving " celebrated. The "Common people" do not appear to have t tken part in the service.

CNARIES, Canaries in all varieties for breeding or song. Before purchasing send for price and particulars. Grand stock at THIRKETTLE'S, naturalist, Grapes Hill, Norwich. Established 1860.

%TBSICO-SUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane V Blister for Horses its the world ;no blemish ; TIO I ying the heads, no seat tie ; hundreds of unsolicit,d testimon- ials post free ; price 2s. 6d. or 55., ot Chemists, or post free. —GREGORY. Veterinarian. Bristol.

LORE SHOULDERs; SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary look free from 61, Turnmlll-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CUItED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz 2s. of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK tree containing full directions for V curing diseases 3f Horses, Dogs, to. from CONDY'S FLUID VI °RIO, 61, Tornmill-street, London,E C.

- - - ROYAL IIiTE MSATILARSTEALMINEL. • 4;11 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown, EVERY W EDNESDA Y. BRITANNIC Wed., Feb. 6. I.3IAJESTIO... Wed , Feb. 13. Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus., Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of ebarge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the cbmpleteness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to Isig.tr, IrantE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. ILO.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND Co., "EXAMINER • OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- ki DAY, and tor BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A MERMAN LIE—SODMANIPTON to NEW 11 YORK, direct every SATCRDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA. every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, SOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOIYEST RATES at “-L-1 THE EAAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS

MUT* MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. is. IN THE £ INTERNST. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at, his disposal Is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply o note of hand. Distance no ohject.—Ar.ply personally or by letter to MANAGIM, 28, Haydoek-st., lisrlf-stown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. QTRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from 210 upwards on kj BORROWBRS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY ST fiBET. MANCHESTER. ESTAI3LISHRD 1870.

-W IDN ES AND WARRINGTON. 'il ii. JOHN B. CiOODWIN continues to make ADVANCIEb FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, workingmen, slid all respel able Hcaseholders, on their own security. 4ICINEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO BURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquirx, on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and In WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any livening from it 7. Applications from RUNCORN en,. District generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £lOOO, To Respon-ible Persons, on the Porrower•' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE 10 RMPAY. Without 8 treties. Delay, Law Costs, Publicity. Alta on Deeds. Life Polici,a, An. at 5 per cent. Repayments by liasy Instalments Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Boas-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any ',am Ot9o, HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUBSTRD NOT TO APPLY. Pull partoculars from— J. CAMPBELL, Manchester Chambers, 46a, Market Street, MANCHESTER.

-DR. I-10X S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS. ERONCEIT/S. INFLIIHNZA, HOARSHNEISS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF TDB CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs anel Fruits only, do net contain any deleterious Ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE BADE. 72. GOSWHLL-KOAD, LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tine is i ett. Post free front [ tne Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or kliktal Over.

GEORGE JA PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLICKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and REDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS and MUSICAL IN- RUMENTS of every Be cription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

I RE Al SACRIFICE.—Very Fine, XJr Massive, Walnut OVERMAN- Payments taken. TEL, 41 15y 50, warr mte I, real British plate with bevelled edges. A g 2 17 6 Real Bargain. for S. D•

A LSO Another very Handsome OV4IIMANTBF„WaI t frame, Payments taken. with canopy top, and Brackets for 1 9/6 Ornaments. Cheape,,t in town, for

JUST FORFEITED, very Hand- some Silver- Plated CRUET Payments taken. FRAME, English Out-glass Bottles, coil, when new 50s.,and is a Genuine Forfeit. Our price to clear 15/-

TERY Handsome MBNRSCHAUM PIPB, very highly coloured, Payments taken. and mounted with sterling Silver. A 10/6 Bargain for

QILVER LEVER WATCH by Con- k) nington, of Warrington. This is a Genuine Workmgman's Watch. Payments taken. good Timekeeper. and Jewelled in every action. Warranted for 3 years. only 37/6

ADAME IDA ELLIS, Kent-road, Blatkpool, describes IT the character. talents, and failings of any person from their handwriting or photo. Fee. Is

RHIUMATISM. RH E MATI td ,R if EITMATISM .—Cure guarant-el by Prior's Magic Liniment; try it._. STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London, N.W.

FRBNCI.I PAlNTlNG,Enamelling, Staining,—New Book- -1,000 Practical Trade Recipes, Instructions Beautifully InustratA, Free 25.. J. Tomull. Queen's Road, Barnsley, Yorkshire,

TT ow. FROM DAMP.—I HAVR some extra-strong white WATBi4PROOF BREWS, 6ft. by 3ft. 2s, 6.1. 6it. by 6tt. 59., carriage paid; cost tour times the money.—From HENRY J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Eve.

HORSES LOIN ULOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market-48in. long, 31n. wide, waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post tree for 3s. ; worth 75. 6d.—H. J. GASSON, Eye.

rnHIC)LEBftATBD YENDINII POMADE! strengthens and beantifi,a the hair ; the most genuine article for promoting growth of moustache or beard ; post free 1/3 and 2/9. BRONT and Co., 48, Warham-etreet, Kennington, Lon- don.

A ILTHUR'S SKIN OINTM PINT for the complexion. a CI mast agreeable toilet requisite, keeps the hands white. and the face free from freckles, pimples etc. Post free la. 3d. and 2s. 91. BRONT and Co . 48, Warham-street, Kennington, Loadon.

ANCASIIIRB GOLD WATCHES. equal in app. &ranee to Li 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, cehtre-seconds. stop watches. 1&..6d.; keyless hunters, 18a 6d. each. Good time- keepers. Money returned if not approved —postal orders to A. COLLINS, Station-road, Alnsdale. Lancashire.

HUNTING SPURS, finest pair.reAl silver, fashionable long etraight necks, with best straps. patent leather. un- soiled, 4.8 d., worth 1 guinea: pair nickel plated ones, with good straps. complete. post paid. Zs. 9d. J. WARRILOW, Chippenham.

FOUND, a way to make On. Pound goal tar as Three. The moat wonderful Stock of Gentle., en's and 13oye Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress butts on I Ire, 3s. to ss. per day . BLWOOD;I64, London-rood. Liverwol. TORN LOWE, Fire and Thiel-proot SAVE MAKER, has OP ti SALE Milner, Chatwood. Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; eery cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE t—The cheapest kouse ter Billiard and Hsgatelle Tables and Requte is HENN IG BROS LTD., Z. Bisb-st., Luedon, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth aud tushku samples, post free. Estab- lished Ica.

(.20UTH WEST MANITOBA —For sale. splendid Perin SO about 500 sere., well watered for st. (At. prier £l.OOO. Easy terms pay= nt, or would .xchange for smell tarns, freeliolel, in Bautland.—Address MARITOB•N, 137, Upper Parliament-street, Liverpowl,

IDRBSS BUtTS, om k3las ; ecicoaceti.ienltosco.anndditir. o.:(etvr. sp on le3ciria6l : from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Send-band Clothing of every description always ia stook.—llLwooD 164. London-road, Liverpool.

OEIN and B^ORBUTIC 111BRASES each aa itczums, 0 SCURF. SYCOSIS (Berber's Itch). PIMPLES and other trruptione cured by • NOLA N D'S OINTMBNT,"— Has cared reset of long atanding after rnedlottl wen have failed. Per Box 4.1. By Poet is. From N. BAGLA1(1), Lis- t:mid, Liverpool.

OOK I LOOK II LOOK II! GREATBST BARGAINS ON 1.1 .10..4TH.-10.00() Waterproof Hoods and Capes I Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 7s 6d. each, I will send • Hood and Cape for 24 stamps post free, quite new, but put out of servioe.- HEZRY JOHN °sawn, Government Oontraotor. Rye.

I\TAVIC. Cheviot, Serge, SAILOR SUITS. lined throughout 1.1 with flannelette.triromed cream braid ; inside side of knickers 15 inches, ss. 6d. ; Girl's warm, Cardinal Double Capes. longest 20 inches ; etitched 11,33 al blue silk, 25.; Feed- ing Bib,. no washing required. 9d. No cards,—" Swx.rr- 'MAN," Clifton, Biggle•wade, Bedfordshire.

SPORT.—.Noiseless Rabbit Rlfies,96.; Pocket Rifles, 9s. 6d.; Walking Stick Guns, 15s. ; Cartridges. Is. 6d. 100 ; •• Boys' Own Guns," 2s. 3s. ; American Pocket Catapults, ls. 3d. ; Rabbit Bolters, superior to ferrets, ls. packet ; preserved Salmon Roe, 2s 64. box ; Guns, Rifles. Nets, Traps, Fishing and Sporting Requisites. Lists Id., carriage paid.—Jong H0GL5.11.41%, Naturalist, Sunderland.

KILLRD by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they -find the rate dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers an. others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, arowers well. Land infested with these pests can be spe..dily cleared by rising SANFORD'S MOLH POISON. Price of either of above. 1.. 24.. Is 61..25. 64..65.. post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

" THAT'S WHAT I ORT FOR MY PAINS, as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with fl IBSON'S FAMOUS RMBROCATION.—BottIes kfi 2s. 9d., and 4s. BM, poet free.—atß9Oteli EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-et., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

WANTED, to purchase a collection of foreign postage stamps, good price paid,—COLLECTOR, 125, Coltmanst.,

WTANTED, Sufferers from Tic, Toothache, Neuralgia, to send six stamps fo certain cure.—Address 50, White- lock-st., Leeds. FHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisites ; new and second-hand; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exchanged. PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. 71, Ox!ord-street, Manchester (All S lets).

PIL IT ! PILES! All outward Piles cured in two or three days with Booiws PATENT OINTMENT; Tratimonials from all parts; only one trial solicite I.—Apply W. BODDY, Bradt. rd, Yorks, Boxes by post Is. 14d.

SMITI!, SONS, AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET. MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. 'KIRKMAN ERNST KAI'S. COLLARD GOES & KALLMANN BROAD WOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECHSTEIN, For Sale or Hire, or on tln. 3 :tear's system. PIANOS from 10e. 6d. monthly, ()RDA Ns from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered free in Warrinkt and Di triet on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel. •

el • W• TEM ERLEY Music SRL BR, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. Al! kinds of Fittings In Stook. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRR and on HIRF.-PITRCO ASH.

NSHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW. PI HENSIIAW. lecadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MAN CHES "PEOPLE'S MODEL, seven octaves, tull trichord, check action, panel front, iron frame. in veneered cotes, £22 cash. or may heobtaineci by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first mouth's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 6d. monthly, by all thy leading makers. All instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- ranted. 83 Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. RENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He des not want both money and instrument. RENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER. if you can get them better and cheaper 'elsewhere. RENSHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW

PIAN° SALE AT J. PAR RY'S, 20. DOWNING-ST., ARD- WICK, MANCHEoTbE. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stodclart 3 13 ull-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compsse Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full•compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard A Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ. 9 sets. 18 stops, 2 swells. cost 50gs 15 15 Piano Organ combined, a grand Instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchesi riot), self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Deli, Storey and Clark, Brbleport and homes, from £2 15s. upwards. Aaartnnerp, Zia., on Ala.

BAND sAW. 9. 12. 151 n. Surface Planes, 15, leifi. kJ Combined Hand and Powe: Feed Planers, anti several !muter Saw Benches.—W. WILD, Dean Line, Newton Heath.

LIN SALIO two wire netting weaving MACH INBS, one to kfi weave from 61n. wide up to 4ft fin.. lin. and 21n. mesh. and the other any width up to 611. wide liin. and 3m. mesh, 17 to2l gnaw!. of wire. Can be seen,and full particulars and prices obtained of TIOMAS GRICION and olf , Limited, Leeds.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, k) Grier•on, and Co. Limited), Hnime, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are mi a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Cmalo.m-• oi wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Teleplume 229. I_I•ALIF H.P. Second-hand Crossley GAS ANGINA for sale, cats be seen at onr works ; also Two H.P. ENGINE for sale, practically new, been running two months until larger engine ready ; can be seen in Blackpool; low price, accept before removAL—Apply BINNS GAZ and Ott BRODIE Co., Limited, Luddend en, Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVB BNGINB BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Mimi n Etnek ready for Immediate delrery NBW LOCOMOTIVI4B with Cylinders from 10 to 18 diameter, 4 and (3 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Pull particulars on apnlition.

pATNNT OPPICN MANCHESTER ii.TABLISIIED In 1835. Messrs. GHOISOM DAVI lib a bON hare hioi more t.nan 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practioal tnowlMeof the nottsou, woollen, and Iron manufactures. "Self-he pto the New Patent Law." price 64. "Colonial and Foreign Pate.t LAW.. price Is. GEORGE DAVIS. 0.14., A. SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHNSTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PAIENT A-LIESTOS PACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, SELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS. BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINOS, •SIIItTINGI. JOINTINGS, IdANIIOLII RINGS, AND ABESTOLIND, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct trona the Sole Vendors In the Nocihern Counties: Y. P TZ. 13 and!), SOUTH Pasane, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEV, AND CO.. 2. BTHAIID-BTllll7r, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on. application. Telegram Addresses "Asbestos." Manchester ; and "Asbestos.' Liverpool, BEWARE OP WI:IMPOUND IMITATIONS OF-AVIAN BY lINSCRITTIMOITS DICALRNR.

111 • UCX AND (Jo.. Limited. INDIA RUBBER MRS ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &a. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. er tJEMENTBD ()NLY. BONA BIDE MANUFACTURER. 42. Chapel Street. Liverpool. Also at 38, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport. and Dublin. LMATUMPwnims LTllRripnor

QIINNT BANK LADIES' COLLEGE, WILMSLOW, k 3 CHESHIRE+. Term begins JANUARY 21. Principal, Mrs. LOSIteiHOPFIIR. Pupil teacher wanted. Premium.

SOUTH PORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. C. UNDRRWOOD, A.C.P., P.R.G.S. VIM SUCURISFUL sCHOOL. RHCRNT HONOURS AT HXAMINATIONS. Hducation thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near S. Luke's Station). BOARIOIRS NOW RECEIVED. SPHCIAL TERMS ((nclusive) tor a few Boarders. Prospectus. Jsc., on snolleallon to Head Master. NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15.

Bt, Mr. ITILLA.M ELLIS. HARNESS, WINTER HOUSE CLOTHING, and General Saddlery. MONDAY NEXT, Rn TWO FOLLrThING DAYS, at the MART, 37, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. Xi 1 H. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION tut_ the Stock-in-Trade of a GENER U, SADLER, OM- prising HARNESS WINTER HO ILSE CLOTHING, and GENERAL SADDLERY. Catalogues ready.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ). Warrington. AUCTION Rooms—No.l Bank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1678. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited . Established , 1664.

WARRINGTON AND LA'FCHFORD. FREEHOLD PROPERTY. T o BE SOLD BY AUCTION. By Mr. TNOMAS SUTTON. At the Corn Exchange, Blue Bell Inn, Warrington, on Wednesday next, 6th February, 1895, at Five for Six o'olock p.m., precisely, subject to the Common form conditions of the Halifax Incorporated Law Society,and to such special conditions as may be then and there produced : LOT I.—All those Six Freehold HOUSES, situate and being Nos. 90, 92, 94, 96, 98, and 100, in Orford-lane,' Warrington ; together with the large apen Yard at the back thereof, and the Passage of 81t. wide leading into the same yard from Orford-lane. Total contents (in- I eluding sites of buildings), 529 square yards or therea- bouts. Gross rentals, £59 33. per annum. LOT 2.—A1l those Four Freehold HOUSES, situate and , being Nos. 67. 69, 71, and 73, in Lytligoes-Lane, War- , rington, together with the large Yards and Appurten- ances thereto belonging, the whole comprising an area of 561 square yards or thereabouts. Gross rentals, £44 Vb. per annum. LOT 3.—A1l that Freehold SHOP, and DWELLING- HOUSE,being N. 14, Sr. James-street, Latchford, War- ington,together with the Plot of LAND behind the same, containing altogether (including the site of the build- ing) 243 square yards or thereabouts,in the occupation of Mr. Richard Bretherton, butcher. Gross rental, £26 per annum. This lot is subject to a yearly chief rent of £1 8:4. 3d. LOT 4.—A1l that Freehold ZElrssuage or DWELLING- HOUSE, with the Garden belonging thereto, situatip in Paragon-place, and being No. 90, on the westerly side of and fronting to Wilderspool-Causeway (opposite St. James' Church), Lttchford, Warrington, now in the occupation of Mrs. Toit. Net rental, £l6 per annum. And also all that Freehold DWELLING-HOUSE ad- joining in Paragon-place' and being No. 88, Wilderspool- causeway aforesaid,in the occupation of Mr. Thompson. Gross rental, £l4 63. per annum. For further particulars apply to Mr. J. E. Wright, architect and surveyor, Strikey-street, Warrington (where plans of the properties may he inspected) ; or to the Auctioneer, Legh-street, Warrington ; or to R. M. & J. M. Mum, Solicitors, Halifax. 24th January, 1895. THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChAMBERS. SALEROOM [45, SCOTLAND-ItOAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Ptiyate Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

IM Tandem Safety. Convertible to single if required. Write for particulars. TURQUARD, 41, St. Ckeorge's Avenue, Tufnell Park, London, N.

1) ANBLAGLI CYCLIIS are of the Highestlity at It, Lowest Prlees ; good Agents wasted Is every town and village where not represented; new fists mow ready. - Ii4AELAGtt CYCLE CO., LORMillgtoll and Coventry.

.VREE! FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES I SAFBTIES l SAFETIES l Important to Agents,Dealers and others. Wholesale List containing 1000 (One Thousand) machmes, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. 5 per cent, cheaper than other makers or agents. Why pay more or fancy prices P Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once for the largest and most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling vs us and no large profits. W R. WARRILOW, Cycle Works. Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare. a 00PBR AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDBRS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock So select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Laadaus. Victoria', Wagonettes. and Phretons. now for Sale nr Hire.

BANI-TRIIKT, OFTXCKS, £5 ;room. pIINKBT/I, COTTAGhS, 3s. 91. and 2s. Bd. per week. AUB, 13tOAD, Oliver-street, Good LODGING UNION STRBBT, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. SANKBT-STMOIT, LOCK-UP SHOP ; good window for display. Rent £22 clear. Apply, ROBERT Lows. listots Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

rro BR LBT OR SOLD, with immediate po3session, ant- i rate modern House in Springfield-street , 2 entertain- ing rooms. 5 bedrooms, kitchen and oflloes.—Apply J. Lotto- LAND. solicitor, 2, Union-street. W Arrington.

rpo LET Laburnam Villas, Folly-lame House. Francis I Terrace, Lovely-lane I House. Guard! ; Farm Buildings, and land adjoining Folly-lane ; Villa, Crosneld- st„opposite Bank Park).—Apply 23. .ifolly-lane, tir Arrington.

rrio LBT.—Albert Villas. Ashton Road, Newton-le-Willows, 1 with Stable and Coach House, Rentals £l5 and £lB respectively.—For particulars apply to WILLIAM GILBERT, farmer, Newton-le-Willows, or to JNO. Bucirma, Round House, Lowtou. SHOP and House, 24. Buttermarket-street principal thoroughfare). Warrini4ton ; five bectrooms, sitting room, kitchen,scullery, snit two oellars ; rent £55. or shop- and part of house £4s.—Apply W. Iskac 26, Buttermarket street, Warrington.

FllO LET.—The best known Business Premises in Burslem, 1. known as CLOCK ROUSH, large shop 30 feet frontage, nine rooms indwelling-house. suit draper. boot dealer, grocer, Ironmonger, or almost any business; splendid opening tor pushing Auctioneer, as there 18 no auction Mart of any note in the whole town of 33,000 inhabitants ; has been 30 years a Drapery Establishment. tient low. Apply J. BOILT, Tailor earl Clothier. 21, Market Place, Bee-stem.

rro be Sold by Private Treaty. a Valuable and IL Comprehensive Collection of OIL PAINTINGS and WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS of undoubted authenticity and highest merit. including, amongst others,choice examples by the following artists:— OIL PAINTINGS. T. Sidney Cooper, R 1.., B. W. Leader, A.R.A. John Phillip, R.A., W. C. T. Dobson; R.A., R. Ansdell, HA., J. B. Burgess, NA.. Briton Riviere, ILA., J. W. Oakes, A.R.A., Sir E. J. Poynter, R.A., bir J. E. Millais, R.A., J. D. Watson, Burton Barber, Heywood Hardy, Laslett J. Pott. J. J. Tissot, Edwin Hayes, R.H.A., Eugene Verbceckhoven, Rd. Beavis, Ernest Crofts, A.R.A., E. M. Ward, NA., G. B. O'Neil, P. D. Hardy. Wm. Oliver, James Danby, Kee'ey Halswelle, R.S.A., James Stark, David Cox, Robert Tonge, Win. Huggins, Win. Linneli, Ac., dm. WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS. Hirket Foster, R.W.S., George A. Fripp, R.W.S., Copley Fielding. J. W. Whittak,r, Frt-d Taylor, R.W.S., Herman 'ienkitte, John Varley, John Steeple, Samuel Palmer, R.W.S., F. W. Topham. George Barrett, Albert Moore, R.W.S., Clarence Whaite, P.A.C.A., George Cattermole, R.W.S., Sic., /cc.. And a vast number of other Famous Painters of equal merit, May be Viewect at the Art Galleries of Mr. John King, 83, Renshaw-street, Liverpool, between the hours of Ten a.m. and Six p.m. Every picture strictly guaranteed to be the work of the artist whose name is appended thereto. Inspection Invited.

THE MILLER OIL LAMP, LATEST UP-TO-DATE IMPROVEMENTS. A STEADY, LARGE, AND WHITE LIGHT. BEST AND SIMPLEST DEVICE FOR RE-WICKING EVER INVENTED. CANNOT LEAK. FROM IRONMONGERS, PLUMBERS, LAMP DEALERS, OR WHOLESALE FROM BAXENDALE'S, MILLER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

RUPTURE: ITS It a'LIEF AND CURB. By J. A. SHERMAN, HERNIA. SpacrAms.r. Author and Inventor ot the populur SHER HAN METHOD. Will oe in attendance at h;s Chambers, 19, Mount-street (opposite Central St-ition). Manchester : and 19, West George-street (Victoria Hotel), Glasgow, ALTERNATE WEEKS. Write at once for his BOOK of Information and Endorse- ments. whii h he sends POS r FREE.

ALL LETTERS TO BE ADDRESSED TO EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. THE "EXAMINER" SERIES A- OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE WAR RI NGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE " EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. THE EARLEAToWN AND NEWTON " EX- AKINER," published every Friday afterno ,n. THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every /Pride) afternoon. (-FRE RUNCORN " EXA,MINER " published every IL Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES "EXAMINER" published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVE'RrISMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted In ALL the above mentioned Papers for ONE CHARLIE, as per ,cale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PAWTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISOELL/NEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three biz Words. Weac. Weeks. Week's. 18 27 34 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise- mcnt inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

NEW TALE! NEW TALE!! 'There WILL BE M VEND ED in the " EXAMINER "of FEBRUARY 16th • ry A NEW lALE ' OF ENTHRALLING INTEREST, ENTITLED VV ED T E PART A rraE LTAR," By LAURA. JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "A. MAD BETROTHAL," " lONE," " PARTED BY FATE," Etc., Etc.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ,It'rePared vvithout Mercury, are i nye] oab!e to all who suffer BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIG ESTION, WIND, '2P_A_SI4B, NE'tVOU3 DEPRESSION. IHRITABILI'IY, LOSS QV ...PETITE, DYSPEPSIA. HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, t 41.4 GENERAL r'g FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE .4ave no equal, T Mild ia their operation and grateful to the stomach. eiv!±3:give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions. necessary organs of the Stom..ch and Liver to 7,luttie "ugestion their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting and strengthenieg the whole system. 1 )R, SCOTT'S PILLS, Th"ld b loon e kept at hand by all Heals of households, to resort ir light occasion of ailing on the part of those under the s c"lrge as by paying attentt.m to the regular action of • Inmaeh, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is mided or mitigated. Itre Wra THE GBNIJINH PPed in a square green pack tge, bearing the name of W. v.„r°l?, ietor W. LAMB BR r, 173, Seymour Place, London. 47 post for 14 or 34 stamps.

z.,*,7ifFlFFFpg) ~ ezu tnr.4 PPP? H71111111111941,1>'". Mar ' "PI 647. " -el F 7 ' IT -rf T "IN 5 u N I,' i et 11-1 _ ..- -gm ter "ivii 12-4 - WRAPPER Par 50 A'' Var "Mg -isag COMPETITION. --eu fisir vas' -img Var. tZ- BOOK .-.: E. "ger4 • fiur _ Full Particulars "mg Pgir- "Mg PRIZES E- PIP- E round each Tablet Per gap- DURING E "Ng .7:. of -103 -am i SUNLIGHT SOAP. -go%

INDIGESTION . • THE whole medical profession the world • over is engaged in ail earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistict show that nearly half the destha in ,eiviiive:l countries are caused by diseases of the ston6,eq and kidneys. Hitherto the mine iies preset ibe I . by the medical profession for ludigestien have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure ludigestion:' It is the most wonderful medicine in esi,tmce, a few doses gives relief—a few .bottles cure the most chronic eases. A trial bottle will convince the suGerer that we make none but true statements. 'Price 1./D4 and 2/6, of all Chemists; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Solo Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farringdon Road, London.'".

•FOR RHEUMATISM•LUMBACO-STIFFNESSI I— -.. / • 7 Ao /- , --7----- c'l/- ,/ /// T / / G EXCELLEN Ailik.4 GOOD THING . / krkih - "4._ ~ _.._ _:,_,..,A 1 L, / ,•,;,,, • -•- . (44. • .---7'.,- %) -e\ i IL 41 • 1; r A': 7: ' -lit / /7 • 0 ? P , .: • A..\ 4r .9 v - ' ,L 4.0 , ~ •, t I ~,, ,i ' , ... .- \ ~,. ! ? 'e.',.,,.,...• t.. ( 41/' •"0., ..i.....' i / 'i• / , A t#\ ... '''l 1-..:1 .41kie. ( < ~ 0 \•.( -4" TA. 1 ./ .. . ~\,,,....1*,•:5----/-1,,,,,,, , ~,,li ~,, • a kk. ~N _. 'I" f, 0, ,"_.:407/07 --: •s • ''•!# 1 , 1). (:. . -—-.1, b ! • ' ' ' • , ,4,; , i, • ' _.: -Y • al <-,_4. \:..' ' 4. '' • %..1 '4:' ,Q: (-- ;€ 'J..- --2 '. '':22- ' ' ~--;• - ~7- -_ -...-- ..'..-- --- . L, - • ,-.7.-:, , „,i, ' melt --=''' - •• rtc--• -' . -L.--""' - ' i' - -zqi • --"Emlf---__'-'.' - --.• _ - \ ,v , ---- --- ---.--..- A - - - - -- . '-' ,-- - . -:' --.;" --2'..t ;:::- _'- - ' '--- • ~. ': • , ' /- ...,',4t... vo"91 Nil ' Al,' ‘,V,, —,-- c ~ -i, .., .. „---r. —• : • ,i 7 - -.4 ' -1.- ',-)\-k-- ~ , 1‘ • ;:,,i1,,( t ; / 04-...„,' '- • • ', ,‘ ', "..,,,, ~.') - . . ..... • / _ , ,-,- -,...-'1,0.,.... ,k _- • ;,:2' . ,-.-..-. 5/6tYQL. - ..: . \ • - --t--. ' -rwar----,:_;_,...?• t. ''' ~....._, - -,- ...--,_,_ ENGLAND . . .. V. -I`. c. e 4-- ,rELLIM AN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION.I 0,

POLISHING-A PLEASURE i WILL NOT :tof, STEPHENSON'. FltitiEß ilk. FURNITURE ....p.c;.. CREAM. ~. . .:,:,../....,,,,4„,t,„,... :...., kit---A, ~..., .. ~,:, ri I ; ,'it,1„0.4, , Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sale Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

GONCREVE'S • BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. ON USE FROM THE YEAR 1326.) This splendid medicine should be in every household. On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen out of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN- FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarmiag disease. Rev. F. E. HEPPE, of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve, says: "Your medicine always puts me lungs right, and drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May. IN CASES OP Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and Bronchial Affections Persevere wit:. .his medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the agtd, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— CiONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means I.J of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTI RS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it ieinvaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and ass PREVENTATIVE OP COLD to speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at is. x 3.0., as. 9d., es. 6d., and family bottles at its. and 228.

AGENTsrgAnGeasyyormay ,i.isVzinin 17; .art i n g WATCH, (4.c., WANTED CLUBS for the supply of BENSON'S Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good. Sound, and Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Terms Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. BENSON, 62 ft 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

SWUM GOLD =DAG • IEII 111111113011 KNITTER -."11.440 KNITS BWilidngsribbederPlain GLOVES and CLOTHING In WOOL, BILE, or COTTON. INSTRUG 'PIONS FREE. 1.1 ts per post. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at ARIS. Tho only WINLIt in tho WORLD of 7 GOLD MEDALS and 19otbor Honours. HA P. : ISON KNITTING MA.'IIINE CO. Lnl. Perks 44 Uppsr Erook Bt.. Masalootor.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weakness. Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, D seases, ,fcc. We will send a valuable Treatise (Belden), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A t•plendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and deb,litated. —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the ease. Can be obtained direct.

• NEGRO WORSH IP. The Rv. 11. R. Ilaweia, who left England some time Sgo to escape 8..5]e of the rigour of an English winter, and to dc some temporary preaching at San Francisco, travelled from New York o New Orleans, where he was taken by the rector of St. Paul's to a negro revival meeting. "That service," he says in an interview re- ported in the " San Francisco Chronicle," " was a reve- lation to me. I had never seen anything like it. In some way the minister, an immense black man with mighty lungs, leaned of my presence and insuted on the platform with him. So I joined him,ai.d 1.1: nearly wrung me hand off welcoming me and into . ducir g rso. to the congregation. Then he gave Iris flick an ackful spiritual thrashing. The shouting at times was simply terrific. But the black man seemed ti.rribly in earnest; and the sermon interested me very much."

ESTAB LiSHED 1801 BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, CHaticerF Lane. Londo:: TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST e,tovved DEPOSITS, repayable on demand, TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below STOCKS. SHARES, and ANN ULTIjo purenased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT P`or the encouragement of %brut the Rani, receives suiallcum LdepOtia,and B.IIOWS Interest no nthly on each o.,mplettu BIRKBECR BUILDING SOCIETY BOW To PURCHASE A ROUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONIII. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY liow TO PURCHAn 11l A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The liIHRBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT. Manager

Etll.'"'" 14...f...';'•','..ZZ, These tin 7 CAPSULES • .:"-f.,KI . v are superior to Balsam 41, 4, 4 4 ~: 1 • ' 0,,, 4of Copaiba, Cubebs In '., iUrS h Injectionso an ctieellre n same s 4 4 ~,,,,, ''''' . diseases without incon- .ll 'moieties. 4/6 of all Che- A, for . 4 N-t,i AI ("4,' mists. Or post free. 'lt'' -'° .‘,ls WILCOX & Co., ii ''''-'''' 'l7 '•'''''' 289, OXFORD ST., LON DON, W 0

/11 10 LADIES TER GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICIIIE, was dis- overed by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in rernaving the worst eases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two honrs, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extraordinary preparation, which is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness. Worry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 61.—Mrs. Ban NGTON. 4. Featherstone-buildings. London. W.C.

T'wLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly < orrect, all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the :istressing symptoms Bo preva lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 11. and 2s. 9d of all chemists sentanywhere on receipT of 15 , c N stamps by the maker, it T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottinghan

- FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. . Dr.CAMEROW, OBESITINE PILLS are a ir safe and pletsnnt cure ; sent free from observation on re eipt of P.O. for 2s 6. A marvellous means of redwing exce:sive fat and imi r ving the 4 ompiexion. N. CAMERON, 33. Imprrial Mansions, Oxford reet

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE " 94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand -.t expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of •"tracheotomy " (the same as the late Emperor of Germany. and unlike him, thank God , I an stil alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so had .t times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, whi h was very copious and ard, has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without aifficulty.—l am. air. yours 1: uly, J. HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozimges is understated. The operation was a spe tally sev,.re one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Batlin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Sinee the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. o suocesstul are they that one affords immediate ben fit, slthough from the nature ot the ease the throat irritation is interne. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept, 8, Mr. Hill writes `• I should leng since have been dead but for your Lozenes they are worth their weight in gold. 1 will gladly see and tell everyone whar, a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozengi-a are sold in tins Is. lid. each. The tin. rivalled remedy for COUGHS, 110ARSENESS.and THROAT TROUBLES'

WHEN You OBE, in a oh p-window. a Packet of Tea deftly done up in a lemon-tinted wrapper. bearing our Signa- ture along its side, and the celebrated Trade- mark ot the • double triangle' on the re ice-label at the ena.—go in and buy that packet, for the tea it contains will prove to you that it is the best possible value for the price you pay for it. And it will remind you, too, that the other articles in that shop are also reliable, for acting as Agent for BROOKE, BoINDS' TEA is a fair guarantee of the shopkeeper's trustworthy deal- ing. Yes, many a prosperous tradesman owes his present prosperity to • eying taken up Our Agency in his earlier up hill days. He found that customers soon came to km for BROOKE. BONDS' ThA and they nmained to buy other articles as well. Indeed, SitOOKE, BONDS' AGENCY has often paid the shop rent. We have still a few vacancies for Agents where we are no: already represented. if you are an enterprising tradesman, don't be too late in applying. Our Prices suit all People and all Purses. 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 21-, 2/4 AND 2/8 A LB. BROOKE. BOND & /0., LIMITED. THE LANCASHIRE TEL WAREHOUSES- -17. PICCADILLY, 29, MARKET STREET, }MANCHESTER

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gmaranteed tree from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patera Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent Loamy ad,iress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRU 6 COMPANY, Lincoln. WhOldbale AgellbS; OAR ULAY A London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

t so'g Nip.,ltAt • vit.W.)::::i :.4:;,,..:Prr„i • . SOP 'uAP Port r vi ArEpz. ..,t,.., liff kTS •As -.. ..‘ ' ia-,/, • 4.4"':4.1'. __ .„"t2r t 7. Ta y. ' .. 1.. •.,t, at, ~ . atrifil, es I '4 . '444* °II7SEHOLD FIEQ3IS fll'll&IP*4. 4"..5,,, -, • . .. kor • AP FO ' AtriAlitl'llkt, 1 - ."' '' ' WA rr, P o, IV ~....0,. T kAt 'cC)l.O 1 For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will ce sent carriage paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c.

THE FIFIST DOSE RELIEVES Z OD Is Is THE ONLY PERMANENT CURE FOR GOUT AND RHEUMATISM FrnfrOAMES 1011IR1S, IEI4. SUOVIPO, M.R.C.S.. MJ.IOt MOWSRAY. May rpth, Dear Si,-1 shall feel °Mimi if yen will semi me another supply of "ZODIL." !have found it very useful in sun.' :asos of Rheumatic Gout. nd shall he glad to IMAMS 10 use it. You's truly, JAMES RDRERTS. Sold by all Chemists & Stores. 12111144.11 EV AND FROrifk. 10011 WORKS NOTTINGHAM, ENGLAND

GOOD FA MiLY jEDICINE WA EST, wITII a prudent. use, li,is at ve ; 3nany a lite ; and yet we think the iilta might be improved upon and re ;need to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. COC KLas FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PI L LS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIC-7-ioNi, scc.

PURE IRISH LINEN.

The John t Noble Hal f-G uin ea COSTUMES. NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, , Brown, Myrtle, RubY, Reseda. Tan, Grey, or Drab; they are supplied complete - .::,::, ,;.• .., for the ridiculous price of I,GO SS each, packed in leather board box, and Tif sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are is Over SOO -Workers Employed. .. .iiist .(-i C The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the 70)1111 \ :I . 11l world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a i complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. --, Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly ) ) \ shaped Bodice, which is pleatedatt the back into a pointed saddle that , ' terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound --- l' : l t/ I seams, and belt, and the bodica can be worn inside or outside the ....... ~" I:, / skirt, which measures 4L) inches long. The lower part of the skirt, \ -.-- A i, and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming '•,.......1(4 I 1.1 \ A LADY'S COMPLETE 10/6 ~,,, _..... • _TN. • .14 . i COSTUME FOR .1 . ~,,r,, ~?,,/ ' P u 44/04 ' Tho Present Design excels all previous ones in 7 :lo:: cC ": respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the ma. And finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the /// /}/ already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An ' ‘ enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised ' extra. The sires kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for Pd.' 4 , ,•\,,, the bust under arms, but larger or special sues can be made to order yi ~ at a cost of 1/6 extra. 4 ,:•X\ \ LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable ' Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, es / - --• 'l'lll\ s' . follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 6/6 ; C,,stume II \\A *!0 Sk;rts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet price only 7/6; • 1 Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 6/6. •I\\\ '. Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. Colours as above. a KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Millis From . Are also supplied in the :ohs Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. ) , Serge, with saddle top. long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 /- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each.) Each. Postage 40.. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt In front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (RECD.) is a fabric of great durability and world-wide fame. It is 52 inches wide, does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Reseda. Ruby, Grey. Drab. Tan, or Black Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for 9d, extra. ta" PATTERNS; also Illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies rrd Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. 0,1 JOHN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, MANCHESTER. it. Piccadilly, R• .........

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing au i Irregularities and Oastruction: no matter how caused or long standing, no nau eons pit a. powders mixtures, or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars tree o charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTOrt. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London.

ADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate eases. Wil; not injure the most delicate. Prioe is 64 (Strongest us bottle). Pest free td extra. HhEBAL INSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, (;,,cing Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.H. Send at once stamped directed envelope for oarbicalars and proofs. I will fortmt £lOO tor every testimonial that is not genuine. r- n d they can be seen at any time.

THE GREAT REMEDY. .41, sa T • 3r.A, s NOR GOUT. lIIIETJMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The fCscruciating Pain is quickly reliev.i. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at le. lid. and 2s. per box.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. ICH Y' • PILLS 7011 AT L BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXEt In Boxes, 90., la. 111., and 2a. 9. each 1‘1•11 In directions. The 1.. 111. Box 2, 56 Pll . PREPARED ONLY BY THE I'ROPRIFTOR_ THOMAS BEECRAM, St. lielens, Lancashire. BEEGthurs TOOTH PASTE BFFICACIOUS—RCONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THU TRUTH —PERFUMES THFI FREATII. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistt, or from the Proprietors, f.r Is., post-paid.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FAR. ADVICE TO LADIES (FItI3E). ALADY SN.CIALIST (qualified) many year. attached to a Fern de Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES,' LT in a tew hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SP RCIALIST 296. STRAND. W.C. '!;42 • • ',..llFrTgli'

'IV' :VI i_ TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the UNEXI:ELLED IN THE WORLD. TEETHpublic may rest assured that these __...01 :{ ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRWX „:. a.oi perhaps the best guarantee of th :;r ie.. 'rEETTI. Intending patients is that J. H. pARELP" SON has one ot Large,t Dental PratstiOes ; TEETH. in England, the outcome of emploYlel the BEST LABOUR. using the TEETH. MATERIALS obt-Inable, and charging LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. one rEETH. Any set made, or work done by him. ~. S_ not giving ABSOLUTE SATI -FACTION '''' . „ every detail will be immediat ly correct TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE Or • CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions Insure the publc's set...lV faction and recommendation. exemplified .7., TEETH. 21 sets having been. In-erted for Patiens..wg du ing one year only directly and indirect.; risEET/J. through the voluntary persuasion and retort '. mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. foorrall reference,ofthese 11b patients'eizl en names t,. y w aanndaddzsdeee.b; TEETH. patient personally applying for them. Theee' TEF,TH. with thousands in the past, earls reee_r mending their friends, speak volumes for fer' TEETH. Parkinson's success. PIO His unusually large dental establishos TEETH. adapted for the COMKORT of Patients Mtill 0 NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOX 12 PREF CONSULIATIONS Daily, from 9 t'e TEETH. and 2to 6. TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION", ' &c.. as hitherto, I, the aid of his own went LIQUID NITROE'S OXIDE, of which T F.:ET H . new liquifies for sale to dentists near Y 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, ther.r. TEETHfore, in this speciality also the benefit of . i' experience. 'TIE CUL J. U. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination. 40, TEETH. MANCIIIGST. is, 46, MOiLEY-STREE ~ National Telephone. No. 16603 LIVERPOOL, 24, OIDIRCH-STRERT. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to S.P•le' wAIDIINo'roN ON WEDNEs,.DAY'I. 3, S iikey.aree• • , (Side ent mice, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. i , RUNCORN, on THITILIDAVi. al. Mrs. Flughes'SionleabhMe.e-- '' Bridge-street, from ',: to 5. TioßTHWico, or, vfI.TDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-streee; :. oil 3.T11.. end 1 to 5 p.m.

MEMORIAL CARDS ! Jast received a large Stock of LATEST PA-"`"6-AuDa IITHMORIAL CARDS. Call sad Inspect sarnPles• 13015 printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Win° t 8 Handbills, Bill Heads, ke. Newest iyilo - Machinery, JOHN S. f kjIIIMEN, THI BOROUOR PIIESS. 34, BRIDGE-STRICiT, WARRINGTON

I

I

1.
