===== 0002601_18950511_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
0 839 REGISTERED FOR L_ANSMIS6ION ABROAD.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
61)

===== 0002601_18950511_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ling f/otittis..

===== 0002601_18950511_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BNSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW. PIA HBNSHAW. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHES' •• PBOELB'd MODHL, ' seven octaves, toll trichord, check aetion, panel front, iron frame, in veneercd eises, £22 cash or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 108.6 d. monthly, by all the leading makers. All instruments sold by liHNSHAW are fully war- ranted. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repairednr taken in exchange.

AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. RENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. RENSHAW suppl:es dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS Olt ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere.

RENSHAW.

PIANOS.

RENSHAW.

Li

MACKENZIE'S FEIIADE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impAsible. Send stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever fa4led—even in the most longstanding, iatrh•ate, and lingering oases. Fost free, undercover, with written guaran- tee of cure 59. (five shillings).—Mts. W. R. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes Road, Fulham, London, Mention I paper. • •

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, I'ICTURID FRAMES. AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGEIITRIIET, WAIRINGT`A. PIIOTO4IIAPII3 OF ANYTHIN AND EVBELYTHIDIG -h

PROSI TEM TOP Tt., _ /10TT011 OF BOLD-STREET, -1 HE -fwERPOOL 1

===== 0002601_18950511_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Otatrimonp.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPOINANT NOTICE.—WANTED every man to see tile Mirror, an illustrated guide .d 64 pages. Free 1.3, post. Any address iu envelope.—Write H. Howta.L. Secretary, 4, Fitzailan-sqoare Shtffield.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES.

ALADY, the daughter of a late emi ent physician, will be pleased to forward full par iculars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) 1 a Certkin Cure Coral! forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever.

i MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 OaWord Streq, London, N.W. _ A Poattive Cure Guaranteed. Hours -

9 to 9 --pm.. on iiiiiiiiiiiiTTHUßSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by aprointmout.

-

===== 0002601_18950511_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
driuratton.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
19 POWDER.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3d. bd. L.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. OX s COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR

===== 0002601_18950511_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
COLDS,

COUGHS,

INFLUENZA-

BRONCHITIS,

iioansENEss,

LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS.

These invaluable-•Wa-fe-r-s. -being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and yOung. DR. }OX' COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared oaly by °NORGE BADE, 72. DOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tins la 11 each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or elstal Order.

By pool Is. 7id per Quarter. N. ed. per Anumn Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

THE MANCIIESTI'R TAILORING AND

CLOThING D POT. 8, AND 10, DORSI, AIARK T-STRELT, WARRING roN.

GREAT SPRING SHOW.

Having completed theirenormons preparations for the sea- son, the M.O.D. beg to call attention to their leading lines and Specialities. comprising a I irge vane, y of New !UteriMs and an assortment of BTYLEs NILVER BEFORE PRODUCED.

The M.C.D. Invite inspection of their High-Cass Gayle in VICUNAS,

SERG ES,

HOM SPUNS, WORSTEDS, CHEVIOTS, BARRIS TWEEDS. SAXONIES, VENETIANS,

COVERT COATINGS, arge and extr.!mely rhoice Ranges. the nio t eashion- ab liesigns, Weaves Mixtures. Blends. and Colourings. •

MEN'S SUITS 18/6 MEN'S SUITS MEN'S PUITS 25/- MEN'o SUITS MEWS i•UITS 31/6 31 RN'S Sill 8 Latest Patterns In ecotch, I rt.h, West of lingland,and York- shire Goods.

Plain, Check and Fancy Vicunas. Serge, al d Viroreteds. Stylish Twe.-d Overt•heckg, Sri Ipe Fancies. M ixtur-a. The late t proAuctione in Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings. MEN'S TROU pSERS I JP/ ILP MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 8/11 MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 10/6 MEN'S TROUSERS

p - p.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH M.O.D. SHOW

of OVERCOATINOS & COVERT 11.0ATINGS. Solid Worsted Twi Is, Fa cv Diagonals, Fine Venett ne, and Super I wit Covert Coaangs ii the newest Fa,hionable Shades. WARRANTED ALL WOOL, 18s. 6n. and 225. 6D., Lined thmugh with Italian.

m. 0.0. YOUTHS' DEPARTMENT Is extensively Ptocked with New Goods HIGH-CLAAS. S ' YIASH. YouTuS' SUITS From Sup, rior in ent, Trim- YOUTH s' SUITS 1 a min, and Viri rkman- YOUTHS' TINTS v sh'p. EVERY SATI'..PACTION GUARANTEED.

THE BOYS' )EPARTMENT At THE M.C.D. Is a M.rvel For

NOVELTY,

TASTE,

DESIGN. The Variety of Styles in Juvenile Cloth;ne. has never been so extensive as in the present Season, and the Proprietors have SPARED NO PAINo to make this Department Second to None in the Town. BOYS SCHOOL SUITS from 2s. lID. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS from 2s. lID. BOSS' NORFOLK SUITS from is. Go. BOYS' RUGBY .!-IJITS from Ss On. BOY-.' REEFER SUITS from Ss. 6D. BOYS' ETON SUITS from 17s. 6D.

BOYS' COV 'RT COATS, very Stylish from 10s. 6D.

All the t!C.D. Clothing is made on THRIR OWN PRE- MISES under Personal Supervision, and guaranteed Reliable In every respect.

The M.C.D. ORDER DEPARTMENT Contains a tiele,ltion of the Choi 'est. Goode produled throughout the Kmgdoin. MEN'S SUITS 298.6 D.. TO M EASCRE, MEN'S COATS AND VESTS 228.6 D., TO MEASURE. NIS 'Et iCSERS 88 6D., TO MEA-41.1RE. MEN'S COVERT COATS AND SUMMER CHES- TERFIELDS 21s, TO MEASURE.

PRACTICAL CUTTING AND FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP.

FIT GUARANTEED.

TEE

MANCHESTER TAILORING ANDI CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

SUN INSURANCE I,O7:3gFICE, FOUNDED

SUM IYSURED IN 1893.---£395,854,440.

Forall particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R.Pickmere & Sou, Bridge-at. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chamber... 55. Rorcemarket-street. Messrs. Veiny and Worthington,2llUng-streeil • Mr. ILLowe. Market Gate

-Che;abers

J. BLUNDELL & SON,

PEMBERTON. WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES.

COAL WHARF, ' 271 GTE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES.

00AL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO

===== 0002601_18950511_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEATHER.

JOHN DIGNUM, AGBNT.

ASTHMA! ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THR LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-ST. LONDON, B.C. Wonderful I ures Effected. Send at once for Tee irnonials, Press Opinions. &C. THE LEWIS POCKET NA,IAL INH TAW, 2a., by poet 2s. lid; THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER, per tin 3s. 6d by post 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR ls,by post Is. lid. Tllll LEWIS AEU-12,1A EXTERMINATOR. for CI roni • Cases. 7s. 6d.. compete. GELASCIP " Care for Neuralgia in the He.,d, Is. per Dottie. nost Is ltd.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' DIANVELLOUS YEMALK REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at. hem., and in the Colonies. he has never known to fail in the Moat OT.STINATR CksES of t,BITItUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full iartieularc and waste no more time and money on useless 111:s and so lalled Remedies, &e., in the majority of eases, are noth lig Nit PUR- GAT I V ES. and Cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired etlect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS,

Gothic House. 9, Erskine Street.

Liverplo

ITIOS GRASS SRED£i

bow Now

18. PL d LB.

6ow now.

ROBERT P. ERR & SONS, 11. BASVRTT-STRRIZT. LYVRRPOOL.

ik 1..:X OLD i? 1 EDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY uno0Y111.1fiNI)1-1) TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the tii.e of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY 111 I,L INO CO LTD. 111 ERCH ANTS, V% ARRING lON.

't4

- - -- - - -i- '..,.-

===== 0002601_18950511_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
„ . • ~`":11'.. . - •te 3.11•-• .

===== 0002601_18950511_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T

===== 0002601_18950511_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
' PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"WIFE," said a henpecked husband, "go to bed." "I won't!" "Sit up, then. I will be obeyed somehow." "PUT me in the same room" (says an old philo- sopher) "with a number of young girls, and I will tell you, when the postman knocks—merely by watching the looks of some, and the actions of others—how many of them are in love."

IRASCRILE OLD GENT: "Waiter, this plate is quite cold !" Waiter : "Yes, sir; but the chop is 'ot, sir, which I think you'll find it'll warm up the plate nicely, sir CHAMP (savagely); "Your dog has bitten a piece clean out of my leg !" Sharpe (ditto) : Confound it! I wanted to bring him up as a vegetarian !"

WRITING a letter is, to many people, an irksome task ; but it isn't half so irksome as it is to hear a lawyer reading your letter about five years after- wards in open court. CLEARING THE BREAKERS. —Objecting Person: "Yes, I know how it is with you young people. You'd get along all right so long as the sea is calm and it is smooth sailicg ,• but what would you do in case of a squall?" Practical Suitor: " if the worst comes to the worst, we can employ a nurse."

HARDUP "The amount of your bill, doctor, has made me feel quite ill." Doctor (g:eefully): "lies i, sir? Then I suppose you will want me to attend you professionally again?"•

JOHNNIE "Mamma, this book says know!edge is power." Mamma "And it is, my child." ".No, mamma, it isn't. I know there is a pie in 4he pan, ry, but 1 can't get it." "WALK this way, ma'am," politely requested. - an affable, but very bow-legged, draper's assistant, of a rather antiquated-looking dame. "Why, bless me man," replied the old ancient, in bewildered astonishment, "I couldn't walk that way if ye was to give me the whole shop !"

TOLD IN THE LETTEus.—'Twas in a breach of promise suit the letters all were read. And here is what the opening words of each epistle said "Dear Mr. Jilt," "Dear Friend," "Dear John," "My Deary Owne Splendid," "My Darling Love," "Dear Jack," "Dear Sir," and then it all was ended.

A CLEVER REPLY.—" I have just been reading an interesting story of two men who were lost in the Alirondacks while hunting," said the beautiful Miss Hiekins. "Were you ever lost, Mr: Tubbs ?" "Once." " When ? " "When I first saw you I was lost in admiration, and I may add that I have not since been found." A NARROW ESCAPE.—" Aye, friends; that was r. narrow escape I had! Thirteen of my com- panions were capsized in a boat and found a watery grave." "And how is it you were not drowned ?" "I—l stayed at home." ABBREVIATION'S ARTFUL Airft—A sculptor being directed to engrave on a tombstone the words "A virtuous wife is a crown to her husband," and finding himself somewhat pressed for space, execu- ted his task as follows: "A virtuous wife is ss. to

her husband." ENOUGH AND TO SPARE.—The question was once raised as to which was the more content of the two, the owner of half a million of money, or the man with seven dootghters. "The latter, of course," was the reply; "for the man with half a million is always wanting more, whilst the one with seven daughters has plenty.' SIIE: "So she reached Paris yesterday? How wonderful it is that the news can be sent so safely over the ocean cable through so many miles of salt water.' : " Yes—and be so fresh." CALLER: "Dear me! You have put all the pockets upside down on this boy's suit.' Mrs. Sharpley "Yes. Freddy wants p,ckets that will hold things, and as he is all the time standing on his head, I put them on that way." Vous° GENTLEMAN : "Do you happen to know of a young lady .to suit me, one who IS beautiful, young, rich, and well educated?" Agent: "Excuse me, dear sir, but out of those qualities I generally contrive to make four matches." THE pessimist who thinks the whole world is going to pot should reflect that fifty years hence these days that he despises will be called the "good old times.' PROFESSOR, : "Microscopical investigations lead us to bilieve that there are colours too delicate to be discerned by the human eye—invisible colours, we may call them,' Student : "I know the name of one of them, sir." Professor : "Indeed ! .What is it ?" Student: "Blind man's buff !" TlikEk girls are exchanging confidences, and telling each other what sort of men they like best. First Girl : "I like a man with a past. A man with a past is always interesting." Second Girl : "That's true; but I don't think he is nearly so interesting as the man with a future." Third Girl "The man who interests we is the man with a present.' MRS. Burns:AP "Before we were married, you of ten wished there was some brave deed vett eould do for me to show your love." Mr. .hl`Bride " Yes, dear, and I would do it now." Mrs. M`Bride "Teen, love, go down into the kitchen and discharge Bridget." "I HOPE you try to push business, John, even after office hours, said a coal dealer to his clerk. "I do, sir,'' replied John. "I call upon a different girl every night, and never leave before twelve o'clock, and have a big tire going all the time."

,iftwELLEit : "The inscription you wish engraved on the inside of this ring I understand is Mar- cellus to Irene.'" Young man (wOll embarrass- ment) : "Yes, that's r gut. But—er—don't cut the Irene' deep." RATHER TOO PREVIOUS.—Gent : "jimen an I to understand that you absolutely reject my offer?" Lady: "There is really nothing else for it." 'Gent: "What a pity ! Here I've actually gone and purchased a ` ikileker's Guide' for our wed- ding trip His: "And now, darting,: let's fix the time to- night." .She "Oh, don't press me just now." He: "Yes, doarest, say wMil, day you will be mine." She "Welt, then—the day after your salary is raised.'' COMPLAINING HUSBAND: "My dear, I should think you would be more mireful when buying things for me. Now, these expensive slippers you brought from Paris are altogether too small. I can never wear them." Cheerful Wife: "Well, they'll do to spank Tommy with, dear." Miss. ScitoooE: "lam writing to ask the Browns to meet the Jon ses here at dinner, and to the Joneses to meet the Browns. We owe them both an invitation, you know." Mr. Scrooge: "Bat I've heard they've just quarrelled, and don't speak I" Mrs. :Scrooge "I know. They'll re- fuse, and we needn't give a dinner party at all !," "As ILIXSTRATtON.—" What a careless girl Margaret is !" said Mrs. Mann to her husband the other evening. "She had a pitcher of water in her hand, the mate to this one, and when she went to throw out the water she threw the pitcher and all, this way, and"-- Mr. Mann: "Very graphic, my dear; but I think I could have under- stood without your breaking a second pitcher." M/SEK and lowly in his tattered raiment, the tramp stood before the woman of the house and breathed forth the. desire d his heart Fear not, gentle woman,"'he said, "It is not work that I sees, nor is it bread; but I strongly crave the companionship of a shilling. Have you one?" PRISON WARDER: "It's just been found out that you didn't commit that crime you've been in for all these years, and so the Holm Secretary has pardoned you." Innocent Man: "Urn—l'm par- doned, am I?" Prison Warder: "Y -e-s. but don't go yet. I'll have to telegraph for furi.!'er instructions." Innocent Man " What about!" PriJoc Warder : "Seems to me tha: conslderin' you hadn't any business here, you ought to pay fur your boara.." STRANGER (at the door): " I am trying to find a lady whose married name I have forgotten. but I know she lives in this neighbourhood. She is a woman easily described, and peiliaps you know her—a singularly beautiful ' creature, with pink and white c omplexion, ea iellearB. lovely_ eyes._ and hair such as a:go-ddess might Awry." Servant: " Wes.ity, air, :liiden't know--;-"s Voice, (from head of stairs): "Jane, tell the gentleman rn be down in a minute." At 14,0,',pre ine p.,st, of 'tigor-4layer-in•chief for the Ststes fiettlements "has just been given to a French- man with a record of five lanadred tigers killed. 4, -------

131 g WISH IN War; Sufferers from Gr ATP!, JumbftgO Pte, 'Paint, in the Ebiek, Dropsy, Wind and Wiitri Complaint. Diseases t Kidney-s. Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Itbrumatism anal Gout will find n nositiy, C. in HoArowc, Grovel Pi 1.. Try a anion box and if not satisfied your reone7wilt be returned. Pri,e le. lid,. of all Cher has or post free for 12 stomps. from HOLROYD'n Medical Hall, Cheekhese on, Yorke'. DreA be put off. If you Cannot get theta rrite to the Pr,prietor and a box will be zit swat, pest.—.lctii.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

The flatness of things political is equally shown by the undue attention to the words ot Sir William liarcoutt hinting that this might be his last, Budget. All public men have failings, and his best triend will not say that this particular form ot words is not a failing of Sir William Harcourt which runs some risk of becoming habitual. No one behind the scenes is seriously disquieted. There is the most absolute confidence in Sir William Harcourt' s good sense as well as in his strength and power sea leader. Everyone who knows him is aware that his true motto for his political action is the well-remembered pledge at the Foreign Office meeting last year, that whatever post is assigned him he " will stand by the ship. His leadership is more and more appreciated month by month, for the very obvious reason that he has shown tact as wed as astuteness in steering the Government programme, and that be knows eminently well what not to say as well as what to say.

I was at Bow-street on Monday, to witness the first appearance of Jabez Balfour in the dock. ihere was a long delay before the case was pro- ceeded with, owing to the Treasury having to arrange the charges upon which they are to prose- cute, and .Balfour was not in the end more than an hour in court altogether. Be was dressed in blue, the coat looking as if had been newly taken from a trunk into which it had been packed with no great neatness. Be looked florid and well, and not so stout as of old. His air of assurance was most marked. He gazed around the court as if he owned , it, and began passing notes to his counsel as soon as he entered the dock. His beard is now grey and Btubbly.

The agenda paper for the International Congress of Miners, which is to commence its sittings in Paris on Monday, June 3, has just been issued. Until the election of officers has been completed the proceed- . ings of the Congress will be conducted under the presidency of Mr. T. Burt, M.P. No delegate will be permitted to attend the Congress Who is not a miner or a secretary- of a miners' association. Resolutions in favour of a legal eight-hour day will be submitted by the French representatives and by the Miners' Federation ot Great Britain. The Con- gress will also be incited to consider the Question of over-production of coal and what steps should be taken to prevent the same so as to regulate prices and wages." The Fr nch delegates will bring forward a resolution declaring in favour of making employers responsible for all accidents in mines except" where it can be proved that the person has committed suicide." Aleasures will be considered for improving the sanitary condition of the mines and for securing additional workingmen inspectors. The German delegates propose that all resolutions w sich are carried unanimmsly shall be sent by the secretaries of the Congress to the respective Gov- ernments of the countries represented, with a request that steps may be taken to give effect to them. It is expected that over a million of miners will be represented at the Congress.

The Universal Food alio Cookery Association is making rapid strides towards success in its efforts to popularise the culinary att. Its eighth annual Exhibition, opened at Portman Rooms on Tuesday by Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, presented many features of real interest. The first saloon was de- voted to the display of trophies designed for buffet use. One of these, a combination of salmon, shell- fish, and boiled rice solidified to represent marble, Inas a real triumph. This, of course, was the work ot a recognised authority on table decoration. But the amateur was also to the fore with innumerable delicacies for every imaginable course likely to fine a place in an English bill of fare. Visitors of the severely practical sort probably found their chief pleasure in watching the progress of the cooking competitions, which went busily fasrward behind a rampart of gas and stoves, the winner of the first prize being entitled to a scholarship at the National School for Cookery. Among the competitors were young girls from Church and Board schocls, work- ing side by side with young ladies in dainty kitchen blouses. Hard by were a number of army cooks making the best of the British soldier's -daily ra- tions according to the latest regulations of the Army School of Cookery. If our redcoats really get such good soup as that which the lookers-on were invited to taste, their lot is not altogether unenvi- able. " Marine" cookery was also worthily repre- sented ; and, last but not least, the. triumph of electricity as a culinary auxiliary was admirably exemplified.

The superior outspokenness and frankness gene- rally of the American Press is forcibly exemplified by tte following extract:—" Boston society is on wheels, as it were, so universal has become the cyc- ling fad in that set. . . Mrs. 'Phil' Ely, who is training down her weight very successfully and may still recover the fisore that used to make her famous, Mrs. 'Jake' Peabody, who is immensely pretty in her wheeling rig, Miss Stackpole and others, were of the number that went out. Mrs. Harry Burnham, who; by the way,is celebrated for her small and neat foot, is perhaps the most fetch- ing cn her wheel of the smart set that ride."

One of the most interesting experiments under- taken by the London 'County Council is that of abolisliinrr the middleman contractor and itself do- ing its own work. The experiment has now been on trial for twelve mouths, during which time sixty-two different undertakings have been carried to a successful completion. The estimated cost of these was £176.086 17s. 11d., and the actual cost has been .C 178,863 18s. GI Considering that the department has only been in existence for twelve months, this result is eminently satisfactory ; but the Moderates do not like it, and will .make an effort to have the arrangement dropped and the old method of employing contractors revived. They are not likely to be successful, since the majority of members believe the Works Department should have a longer trial at any rate.

A deputation representing the County Councilsj ol Lancashire and other localities had an interview with Mr. Gardner, Minister of Agriculture on Tues- day. The particular point urged upon the depart- ment was the necessity for taking, measures against what is known as" foul brood "in bees, but Mr. Snape, who with Sir John Gorst, Sir Mark Stuart, .and others took part in the proceedings, extended this into a request not merely for efforts for the Cure and prevention of a particular disease, but for the encouragement of that technical instruction 'in bee-keeping towards which the Lancashire County Council has already made grants. It was pointed out that the £lOO,OOO or £150,000 at present derived from the production of lloney is not one- tenth of what might be realised by an intelligent development of agriculture.

The Radical and Labour Commit tee has appointed a committee ot four to report as to the desirability of issuing to all the constituencies concerned a black list of the unofficiar Liberal members who voted for the Duke of Coburg's annuity. It was also agreed to draw up a list of questions to be sub- mitted to 'Radical candidates at elections failing satisfactory replies to which the support of the Radical Committee will be withheld.

O'Donovan Rossa,the well-known Irish American, was a visitor to the flou-e of Commonson Tuesday evening and for a time was a subject of much in- terest in the strangers'smoking-room. He was shown round the I oty-o hy Mr. James O'Connor, M.P., who was sentenced at the same time, and spent some years as his fellow prisoner.

It is stated that the Count and Countess de Castellano (née Gould) are now busily engaged in preparing the plans for a sumptuous residence in the Avenue du Bois de Boulogne. A large site has been secured at the corner of the Avenue Malakoff at the cost of 700 francs per metre. The American countess will now carry out the dream of bet life, and a considerable portion of Mr. Jay Goulds money will he spent in an exact reproduc- tion of the Grand Trianon of Versailles. surrounded by spacious gardens. M Samson is the architect Chosen to carry out this elaborate work.

I hear that the Liberal prospects in West Edin- burgh are exceedingly good. Since the la,; election when the present Earl of Sdborne defeated Mr. Buchanan.' much has happened." This part of the otch capital has hitherto been regarded as the aristocratic quarter, but quite large numbers of working men's dwellings have been erected in the constituency, and this always means an increase in the Liberal irtte. Besides, despite the fact that Mi. , Buchanan afterwards won Esst Aberdeenshire by a lare niaj9rllv, he wiis by no means popular in West Edinburgh The new Liberal candidate, Mr. Murray who is known as the Master of Elibank, is a young men thoroughly in sympathy with all the great issues to which Ministeriahsts are pledged. Be has just been appointed unpaid private secretary to that thoroughgoing Radical, Mr. Sydney Ruston, Under Secretary for the Colonies.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
AMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 1

Greek women went barefoot in doors, and wore san- dais only when walking abroad. The marriage of a Japanese bride is not complete until she bathes the feet of the bridegroom. • Recent statistics have upset the old notion that blondes are more predisposed to insanity than brunettes. A lady bicyclist of Sydney, Mrs. E. A. Madmick, has ju t taken a six hundred mile spin in corot.any with her husband, covering the distance in nine class. Lay newspapers smoothly inside dresses that are , folded for packing in travelling trunks, and they will , come out w itnout creases. The hygienic coneress at Budapest brought out the fact that there are four times as Many men who stam- mer as there are women who are so afflicted. Queen Victoria knows what it is to eat juicy American apples. Every yfar a lot of the choicest picked fruit is sent to her from Albern4rle County, Va. A scientist declares that the fine complexion of English girls is due to the fogs which so frequently sweep over Albion. Dampness seems to permeate the flesh and keep the skin soft. More than four hundred diamonds are known to have been recovered from the ruins of Babylon. Many are uncut, but the majoi ity are polished. It is estimated that two hundred and ninety-three hairs on the head, thirty-nree on the chin, twenty-three on the forearm, and nineteen on the back of the hand are respectively contained in an area of one quarter or an inch. Thumb rings are very common in the East. These are very often made of precious metal, ivory, jet and precious stenes, but generally they are of fine jade. The cavity is not cylindrical, but swells out at; the base and middle. This enables the Owner to wear it lower down, and also prevents it slipping. A scientific 'experiment once drew out from the body of a single spider three thousand four hundred and eighty yards of thread or spider silk—a length little short of two miles. Silk may be woven of spider's thread, and it is more glossy brilliant than that of the silkworm. bei g of a goldtti The lemon contains citric acid, and this to the extent of 5 per cent. The same thing holds tru- of oraugr s,ex- cepting that the acid is considerably less in amount. Gooseberries are also distinguished by She presence of 1-5 per c-nt. of citric acid. Grapes contain *8 per cent. of tartan, acid. Apples arid pears contain 1 per cent., and peaches, 7 per .ent, of matte. acid. Rhubarb con- tains, 3 per cent, of oxalic acid.

Dog Mania. • A new religion has sprung up in France, says Lady Gro ile in the" Grsphi,," that of dog worship. These darling pets of smart women have a chancing time it it when they are not being vivisected by brutal Fcientific men as is often the case ; for pet dogs, liltsr. people, are peculiarly sensitive, their nerves, as well as their tastes, being ultra-d. vet ,ped. The prized favour- ite of his doting mistress is armed at all points. He has his own tailor, who provides him w,th a variety of clothes, of which tile fashion changes monthly. He has winter costs, summer wraps, macintoshes, coinfnrters, pocket-handkerchief, even respirators. Dogs have b•eu trained to eat their dinner off a tablecloth and to carry a sunshine over th ir devotea heads. False teeth, too, can be provided, and dentists are found specially pre- pared t minis .er to the canine race. And with all this luxury thecharm of the dog'scompany will be destroyed. Artificial and civilised, he will differ nowise from men.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

I dare say you have noticed how prevalent white is becoming on all our garments. Not only do we see white facings and white linings, but the smartest of blouses are made of white muslin and lace and chiffon, while serge and tweed dresses have large muslin collars turned back upon them. Nothing is prettier than this touch of white on dark dresses. I have seen a charming blue serge dress this week, with a triple collar of cream- coloured lawn, edged with lace, turned down round the neck, and the front a marvel of soft muslin and cream-coloured lace. Then, again, I have met a black alpaca gown with a front of white satin striped with pale yellow insertion, and a large collar of white satin turned down on the coat, with an applique of lace patterns all over it. I was never more delighted with anything than I am with some of this year's spring costumes. Those large revers and immense sleeves are, I think, awfully becoming. One of the very prettiest cos- tumes I have seen was made of the newest fashion- able alpaca. The immense revers, the cuffs, and the collars were trimmed with Guipure lace. The skirt was just full enough to be becoming without too closely approaching the crinoline madness. The corsage a basque, with its trimming, looked very charming. One of the pretty picture hats would look very becoming with this costume.

Tho spring wraps shown this year are more charming, IL think, than for several seasons. The preference is given to capes, which are very short, only a few long ones being seen, which is proof con- clusive that the long cape is a thing of the past, for this season at least. The capes are plain, the trimming being reserved for the collar only, which is abundantly covered with ribbon, lace, and in some instances buckles. Some have merely a plain velvet collar, thus making the entire cape plain. Some have a double cape. This craze for short capes is a sensible freak of fashion, after all, for when one considers it they are the more durable cape, and wear and look better. The long cape is always getting caught in doors, and sat down on, and twisted around the arms. Such usage must pull any material out of shape. The short cape, on the other hand, is out of harm's way on any of these lines, and is always trim, natty, and stylish. A pretty and inexpensive blouse can be made in shot rose and fawn surah silk, spotted. The sleeves should be very full. The yoke, which is circular, is trimmed with two bands of tiny gathers, which almost resemble a necklet, and the collar band is frilled at the sides, fastening, of course, at the back. A pretty little bow at the

waist adds greatly the appearance. By the way, while speaking of necklets, I ought to remind you that ruffles are certain to be worn by everyone soon.

We are always having some novelties in straw, and the latest appears to have a curious felt-like surface. It is soft to the eye and to the touch, and is made in the palest and the brightest shades of cerise. It is eminently becoming when trimmed with black feathers and black jetted butterflies' wings, this latter being a very popular form of trimming, and a decidedly pleasing variety from the floral decorations, with which we have perhaps been a little surfeited lately. The most exquisite of ribbons are being used on the hats just now;. while, as no hat or bonnet is eomplote without something setting up erect upon it, a group of five or six green lily leaves buckled at the 'base with diamonds must be voted among one of the most attractive novelties. Imagine this decorating the centre of the front of a hat of a shade of light green straw, which is ornamented on one side with a bunch of Parma violets, and on the other with a bunch of pale yellow roses, while at the back arranged to rest on the hair is a large how of pale- green and yellow shot ribbon. The effect is de- lightful. But the green straws are not so new as the pink straws, which are, however, rather smart and showy for everyday occasions, but which undoubtedly look delicious when trimmed, as I have suggested, with black. They are fit to grace festivities when decked with shaded pink roses and shot pink ribbon. Unquestionably, though, they are more hem ning to dark than to fair people. Most of the picture hats, too, are

very pretty. They vary'a great deal in size. •we of those that pleased me most had the brim made of net, with lace edge outlined with fancy straw, and the new high crown, trimmed with shot ribbon, chiffon, osprey, and shaded roses. • Yours lovingly, JszonE.

',klh2:tC.AN

LTNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' 31EXI- xv.. CAN Pr' erptien. is the only gumanteed Remedy or all those nho enffer from the etro-s 0, youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. Hdue). bind 'yr. grm I prosta im and kindred complai ta. and has sCoot the te, t for ',O years. Send a self-addre.sed stamped envelope to .11,,E111 HOLMES' Remedy Co.. 81, omehnry Mansions Blomsbury- square. London, and get tuil part;enlars of this great Remedy tr,e of charge.

• Aef k;:i,,, ~.f;.,..,„:..k,,..05,,,,,,. , ~..,,x,N,.,,,,,,...71‘,,,,;), '6 JA, „J.-7 "-,,, 6 7..- r it. ~ ~,:i.tilirk ../.: a ~. i fig 7„ ..,„,...;;;;;...g., ; ~ 1 qt.. ~;',..., *4 if Li q ~,!,; i.!);;\''* ( io„ „„. / oil HI! i? ff ( 1 I i I

- 4 " Ic t? 4, ;;;,,t. . • 5:1:1 - •• ''; ' • ''.0"1:1?,-•'.` • . t • •• • • • ••• -7 If —reatly to

, Ie- --- - hitt, ' "•,,:' ,o'cii(li ,--•'. \. ' g 4._., •:. .7 Wr,:6;:t ... -0-sc.l"*.,, . ,..0.0*„,tq1p-,,'A.'i ,- - 4 14....0.0' A,. trrr,,,i.':•,', ' . ....0. ~....13 ..,-- ' ....." IS r•Cwl,,' 5.4 On

===== 0002601_18950511_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Rickets.

Rickets is unfortunately a very common disease amongst children, and is due to parents feeding their children improperly. It is quite preventable. A child that shows as mntoms of rickets wants nourishing t make blood ; milk and strong beef tea should be the main articles of diet. Children usuAllv develop rickets between the time they are seven months and twenty- four months old. It is very iloport4l t parents should he careful in feeding their children, because the disease leads sometimes ti such dreadful uistertions. %ekes is not a disease peculiar to human beings, but is also readily contracted by young animals, whose food is perhaps given theM by man. rhe young lions at the, Zoo, not so very bang ago, got rickets through being fed on horse flesh, which did not supply them with the phosphate 61 lime they wanted for their own bones. !Children should always be fed at regular intervals, whether they have a tendency to rickets or no, and should not be allowed to eat trash between their meals and so destroy their appetite fir proper nourishing and and valual le food. Farinaceous food should only be given sparingly to children until they have Both lent teeth to champ it in their mouth. Tea should never be given and alcoholic drinks entirely withheld. Next to good and whelesome food, fresh air is of the greatest importance, and a rickety child sh.uld be taken for its daily airing without fail.

What Shall We Eat ?

Most people are..b.;:his--t-i-me.ti.rWly-prepared with the knowledge that ne ciief ust7s of food are to form the material of the body and repair its wistes ; to yield heat to keep the body warm and to provide muscular awl ,ttlf-r power for the w-rk it has to do. Dr. W. 0, At- water has prepared two tables showing, first, the com- position of food materi-ls, the most important of which are the nutritive ingredients and their fuel value ; second, the pecuniary economy of fond, in which the amount of nutrients is stated in pounds. In the firt table we find that but er has the greatest fuel value, fat pork coming second, and the balance of the foods being rated as fuel in the following order :—Cheese, oatmeat, sugar, rice, beans, cornmeal, wheat ft mr, wheat bread, leg of mutton and beef sirloin, round of beef, mackerer. salmon. Codfish, msters, cow's milk, and potatoes stand ver; low as fuel hinds. The same authority tells s that a quart of milk,thrre- ! quarters of a pound of moderately fat beef, and five ounces of Wheat flour,all contain about the same amount of nutritive material ; hut we pay different prices fir I them and they have different values for nutriment. Thc milk comes nearest to being a perfect food. It contains all of the different knds of nutritive materials that the body needs. Bread made from the wheat flour will sup- port life. It con'ains all of the necessary ingredients frit nourishment,but not in the proportions best adapted for ordinary use. A man might live on beef alone, but it would he a very one-sided and imperfect diet. Hut meat and bread together make the essentials of a healthy diet. Such are the facts of experience. The advancing science of later years explains them. This explanati,.n takes into account, not simply quantities of meat and bread and milk and Other materials which we eat, but also,the nutritive ingredients or •mutrients' which they contain.

Titles were most abundant and grandiloquent in the latter days of the degenerate Eastern empire. The formal titles of one of the later Constantines would fill we volumes of a daily newspaper. Another Parli,inentary vacancy is created by the sudden and lamented death of the Earl of Selborne, which occurred on Saturday night. His Lordship, is succeeded by his eldest son, Viscount Wolmer, the representative of Edinburgh West. At the last elec- tion the figures were—Wollner 3,T28 ; Buchanan (H.R.). 3,216.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
« EXANO g. „ „ il

• (HOMOCEA FORT). 0 0 O A S the above indicates, 3 tt A EXANO is the strong- est form of Homocea that we make, and " Touches 0 gthe Spot" in deep-seated 3 LI pains,. either Rheumatic or otherwise. We fee] fully fl O able to guarantee this, and the only guarantee that we • can make is, that if the el purchaser fails to receive Pi relief, and the box of Exam; it is purchased direct from us, 3 we will in every case where

Ncomplaint 'is made, return 40 the money. . 63 k 1 It is recommended very/1 especially for Affections of g O the Joints ;.11ut also in Head- 0 8 ache as well as in Stiff Neck tol. O it has only to be used to be CI tol' appreciated. . Sold only in ti O one size, Zs. 9d. per box, of 4 il all chemists; by post, 35., ti it from the , Homocea Co.'s 0 €n offices, 22, Hamilton .Square, I 4 O Birkenhead., 0 O 0 .I.ol:ztmcztr:=Zras*=rlze4

r,ighboUthood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, 1-T the e xflt)? cf the NI I ISAAC SPEAKMAN, HPIDGE STREKT, PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ; Fl. WESTON,DYN,N6HIRV HVILDING, RIINC,,RN; S. STRINGFELLOW. 1 OLI EOM-STREET, Sr. RELF.N9 ; MES.RS. HEATH AND LEEDdAM ; and by lE. BOOTH, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE, CREWE.

- r 1,., --

===== 0002601_18950511_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .

===== 0002601_18950511_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950511_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX

. 1895.

WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR; BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," "Floribel s Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER XXV. COLD, LOVELESS AND DREARY. FOR one instant Karl Lancaster stood quite still like one stricken dumb. Doris was gone! Gone! How the words smote upon his ear! "Why, how white you look, Mr. leincaster !" said Mrs. Morgan, looking curiously into the young man's white, handsome face. He turned abruptly away and flung open the door. Mrs. Morgan was at his side in an iustant, laying a detaining hand on his arm "What are you about to do, Mr. Lancaster!" she cried, anxiously. "I am going to search for her until I find her," answered Karl, ,hoarsely. "I will search the whole world over for her, if needs be." And with these words he rushed from the room and out of the house.

" Poor fellow," sighed Mrs. Morgan. "It was well that I sent the girl away before he returned. Why, he would actually marry that girl if he could find her. And, oh! what a scene there would be under the old doctor's roof! I am sure his father would disinherit him on the spot. He would never forgive him. Never !" Meanwhile Karl Lancaster, with his heart on fire and his brain in a whirl, was threading his way swiftly along the crowded thoroughfare. Which way had poor Doris gone? Where should he find her? Suddenly a thought occurred to him that almost took his breath away. He remembered Doris had been on her way to an employment agency on that dly the accident had occurred which had so nearly proven fatal. What more natural or probable than that she had bent her steps in that direction now? He remembered the number, and lost no time in making his way there at once. And the first person whom his eyes rested upon as he opened the door was Doris her- self. _

She started in surprise as she saw him. What had he followed her here? And, like Mrs. Morgan, she was struck by the strange pallor of his face. "Doris—Miss Brandon 1" he said, coming up to her and catching one of he little hands that lay so idly in her lap. "Thank God, I have found you!' "I have much that is of the greatest importance to say to you, Doris," he went on, "but I cannot speak here." The reception-room beyond was almost deserted at this hour of the day. Karl pointed toward it. "Come there with me, Doris," he said ; "I have that to tell you which will sound more like the pages of romance than reality,. but it only serves to illustrate the old adage that truth is indeed stranger than fiction." Doris shrank back from him, with the memory of that scene, in which he had madly declared his love for her, beseeching her to marry him, rushing over her mind. _

Had he followed her to repeat that scene? she wondered.

Karl saw her hesitancy, and read her thoughts and dread aright. • "It is not of myself I wish to speak—not one word," he said, flus mg deeply. "That which I' have to say concerns you, and you alone, Doris. Come !'

In wonder and dismay, Doris followed him to the reception-room beyond. He placed a chair for her, and stood leaning against the mantel, seem- ingly in no hurry to begin. Doris sat twisting her hands nervously together, wondering what new calamity was about to befall her now. _ _

"It was fate that led you to me, Doris," began Karl Lancaster, iii skily. "But before I p:oceed, I must be sure that I am on the right track— beyond any possible shadow of a doubt ere I raise your hopes. "In the first place, are you the Doris Brandon whose life, up to a few weeks ago, was passed at Madame Delmar's seminary at Beech Grove ?" He carcely breathed in his intensity to catch her answer. _ .

"Yes, I am that most unhappy girl !" breathed Doris, faintly. "But why do you ask? How could you have found out that ?" Like one in a confused dram, Doris listened while he told her the wonderful story—of her father and mother's return, after long years, to reclaim their child, only to find her gone, none knew whither; of their grief, her mother's death, and the fatal accident which caused her father to follow her soon after, having barely time to make his will, leaving his vast wealth to his daughter, with the earnest prayer she should be sought for, night and day, until she was found. This fortune was to be kept in trust for Mr. Hulbert Brandon Fielding's daughter until she is eighteen. My father has been searching for the lost heiress ever sinue.''_

"I thought when I heard the name, 'Doris Brandon,' it had a strangely familiar sound; but not until to-day--an hour since—did the astound- ing revelation cs.cur to me that the young gbl fate ' had drifted across my path, and the lost heiress my father was searching for, were one and the. same. Allow me to be the first, Miss Fielding, to congratulate you upon the good fortune that has befallen you." The beautiful, dreamy, blue eyes were expanded in the greatest amazement. All the colour had faded from the fair young face, leaving it paler than the petals of a white lily. He believed she had not comprehended what lie had said, and he repeated: "You are an he:ress, Miss Fielding—heiress to a million of dollars in your own r ght, which my father, as your guardian, is to hold in trust for you until you are eighteen." "Oh, Mr. Lancaster, do you really believe it ?" cried Doris, breathlessly "Is there no mistake? Surely there must be. Fate has been so unkind to me all my life it must bc playing some trick on me now," she declared. "If you are the Doris Brandon who has lived with Madame Delmar up to a short time ago, there can be no possible mistake." Doris sprang to her feet, trembling with emotion. "I can scarcely believe that I, Doris Brandon, whom the world has used so cruelly, am indeed an heiress," she cried, pushing back the rings of golden curls from her flushed face in a bewildered sort of way. "lam only a poor dependent, whom

nobody has ever cared for," Sim went on, piteously. "I have never had any money. lam unused to wealth am! luxury. My life has been hard, lone and dreary. I should not know what to do with money." " After you have seen a little more of the world, you won't say that,' smiled Karl. " Why most ladies know how to make money fairly fly. lam

not surprised at your agitation. A aisciosure such as I have made to you would turn almost any young lady s head. No wonder you are be- wiidered. Perhaps no young girl ever had more cause. But you must bear prosperity as you have borne adversity. From this time out your whole life will be changed. Your future will be brilliant ; for, with health and beauty combined, life is full of golden promise." A dazzling smile parted the girl's beautiful crim- son lips, and the colour surged back- to the sweet face in a burning tide. In her great excitement, she forgot what Karl was saying to her. She did not hear one word. Doris's thoughts had drifted back t Frederick Thornton, and her ;lout was crying out: " Would he have turned from me had he known I was one day to become a great heiress— quite as much an heiress as Vivian, whom he loved ?" "Oh, Frederick," she moaned out in the bitterness of her Own heart, " what would all the wealth in the world be worth to me without your love?" Doris offered no resistance when Karl proposed that she should accompany him home at once. Dr. Lancaster was more than amazed when, a little late a cab stopped before his palatial resi. dence, and from i stepped his son, leading by the hand a young girl, plainly dressed, almost to shabbiness, but with a face as gloriously beautiful as an angel's. It had been the one secret fear of his life that some day his son might marry on the impulse of the moment, attracted by the p etty face of Anne lovely working•girl chance might throw in his way. And he meant that this handsome son of his should marry an heiress, or not marry at all. Like his wife, he had the secr-t hope that the heiress, Miss Fielding, might be found. and that she anti his son might be mutually attracted toward each other. His brow grew dark as the quick footsteps drew near the library.. As the door opened, he rode to his feet, coldly confronting the two who stood on the threshold. He expected to bear tbe words : " tis ao-i‘tt,ut.‘t, 1.4.xe iJi‘tig.llL i+4

.

home a daughter. Welcome my bride, father." Instead, his son stepped forward, leading the pretty, timid, shrinking young girl by the hand, saying, hurriedly : "Father, behold Miss Doris Brandon Fielding ! I have discovered the long-lost heiress—at last ! B,cl her welcome, father." " What ! " cried the old gentleman, quite believing his ears had deceived him,—" do I hear aright ?' "I hope so father," said Karl, smiling. "I said I had found Miss Fielding, for whom you have been searching so long and patiently. Bid her welcome." _ _

" I—do—not—comprehend," exclaimed the old gentleman. "How and where did you meet this young lady, and what reason have you for believing her to be the child of my poor friend Fielding and his heart-b oken wife ?" _ _ . .

"Her face—in which the resemblance to both is so strongly marked—might answer that question— even if I did not," laughed Karl, and in a few brief words he explained to his father, and his mother also, who had been summoned, the story of his meeting with Doris. Then there was no lack of warmth in the doctor's hearty greeting. _

"Why, it sounds just like a romance, my dear." declared Mrs. Lancaster, taking tha lovely young orphan in her arms and kissing her delightedly. " Welcome—a thousand times welcome—Doris ! You will permit me to call you that, will you not? It does sound so cold and formal to say Miss Fielding, and you are to be one of the family, for " at least a year yet, dear,. until my husband's guardianship of you expires." "Call me Doris, by all means," the girl replied "I should like that best. I—am afraid I can never get used to being addressed as Miss Feild- ing ; even now, I am afraid I shall wake up and find all this but a dream," said Doris, piteously.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXVI.

DORIS IN LUXURY. THIC sudden change from earning her own living to the luxury in which Doris found hersslf, would have dazzled almost any young girl, older and wiser than Doris, and she wondered how she had ever lived through that cold, dark past,—that desolate past, which was left behind her for ever- more. Mrs. Lancaster made all possible haste in attend- ing to Doris's wardrobe. "You must discard that blue merino dress of yours at once, my dear. The neighbours would never forget it if they saw you in that," declared the lady. So the next fortnight was spent in daily excur- sbrp.s to the establishments of the leading dress- makers. Doris could scarcely realise that the radiant little figure which her mirror reflected, robed in shim- mering silk,—in whose tiny, shell-like ears, and on whose small white hands costly diamonds glittered like stars, was the same Doris who had sobbed her- self to sleep, many and many a night, with Madame Delmar's cruel, taunting words ringing in her ears: _ _ _

"You are a miserable, dependent creature; you ought to be thankful for a crust of bread, and a roof to cover your head, —content with my cast-off dresses, and that you have been given any educa- tion whatever." Now all the world was changed for Doris. She was courted, petted, and flattered; a widely differ- ent personage from the timid young girl we first introduced to our readers. •,

.—.--- • "I am proud of you, Doris," said Mrs. Lancas- ter, complacently, one day. "Your beauty will create quite a commotion in society ; you will turn the heads of all the marriageable young fel- lows. Young girls of your age generally have some ideal hero pictured in their minds. But when your Prince Charming comes along, you must not be in a hurry to marry. A year or so will be plenty of time for that." "I shall never marry," said Doris, paling to the very lips, and a look of keen distress in her dark blue eyes. "Please do not mention marriage to me again, Mrs. Lancaster. I shall never marry.') "Fie, fie, my dear. No one but old maids whom nobody wants, or someone who has been crossed in love, ever makes such a remark as that. It sounds ridiculous on the lips of a pretty girl. Yin' cannot rule your own heart, my dear Doris. Love goes where Reaven intended it should go, and when the right one comes along you will say to yourself, "I can never be happy without him, and it will end as it should—Lin a marriage." But Doris shook her curly head with a dreary

sigh. That night Dr. Lancaster and his wife held quite a lengthy debate in their own apartments in reference to Doris, and, as usual, the determined little lady carried the point. "Doiis is pretty I grant—but she lacks the culture that fits one for society," declared Mrs. Lancaster, energetically, "and it must be attended to without delay. Her education in music and the higher branches has been sadly neglected, We mu-t engage competent persons to remedy this defect at once." And so they settled the matter. Doris was an apt pupil, and progressed wonderfully with her studies. There was one , incentive above all others that urged Doris on in her dealt° to fit herself for the social world that lay before her— she would be pure to meet Frederick Thornton there; that was the beginning and the end, the goal of her ambition. She told herself she must see him just once ; then she would be willing to shut herself away from the gay world for ever after that one hour of triumph. N. timid young girl likes to discuss those vague, sweet heart-thoughts to a matter of fact old lady, and Doris shrank irom even mentioning that piti- ful, broken love-dream to practical Mrs. Lancas- ter. Remembering Madame Delmar had declared Doris had eloped from the seminary, Mrs. Lancas- ter broached very carefully whether or not Doris had ever had a lover, and how she happened to leave the seminary to seek a position of governess in New York. "I will speak of this matter just once," Doris replied, with a little sob in her voice. "I do not like to think of it. It is like opening an old wound. Madame Delmar turned the from the seminary door, because she was tired of keeping the penniless girt—who was dependent on her bounty—under tier roof longer. I was forced to go out into the world. And as for a lover—air, Mrs. Lancaster, I had no lover. No one loved sue; no one.'' . .

The time came at last when Miss Fielding, Doctor Lancaster's lovely ward, was finally • launched upon the tidal wave of society. As Mrs. Lancas- ter had foreseen, she created quite a furore. Receptions, par ice, balls, followed each other in rapid succession, and pretty Doris was queen of them a!l. Yo; she always came home .with the same piteous 'ono in her lovely, childish eyes. It bad been another evening lost out of her life, for she 1i4,1 not met Fiederick Thornton. Believing her thad, had he married Vivian and taken her abroad? From the moment this idea occurred to her, Loris had it feverish desire to go abre Au 000rtunity soon presented itself. Dr. Lan- caster received a letter one day, urging his imme- dia•e presence in London, and it was arranged that his wife and Doris should accompany him on this flying trip. The next steamer brought Karl. " I thought lather might need me, perhaps," he said ; but his mother !mew better. Site was sure Doris's brie •slesh 1 I the As time rolled on, Mrs. Lancaster began to grow anxious over her ; his deep adoring love for Doris was so marked, while she in return, gave him only a sister's kindly friendship— nothing more.

All in vain pretty young girls gazed at the tall, handsome, fair-haired young American • he had no eyes for them; his whole thought, night and day, was of Doris—only of her. "My patient love, my great devotion, must win love in return. I can wait for it," he toid himself

over and over again. Three long years passed, and it seemed to Karl Lancaster he was further than ever from Doris's love. If ever a woman had been born without a heart, or it. had turned to marble in her breast, that woman was Doris.

The three years spent abroad had done much for Doris ; it ),a(1 expanded her from the bud of girl- hood into the hloorn of perfect womanhood. She bad been pretty as the child of seventeen. At twenty, taller by almost half a head, she had grown into the full, dazzling beauty of perfect womanhood. Suitors sought her hand, laying love, fame, and fortune at her feet ; hti t to one and all she gave the Same gracious answer: " I thank you for the kind compliment you pay me in at-ling me to be your wife. lam sorry you love me. 1 sit .11 never mary—,ever." When Mrs. Lancaster saw Doris dismiss one lover after another, a StrilAge smile came to her 11PS.

111.. M.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18950511_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
"She must really like Karl, I am beg'nning to belirve," she told herself. She did not know that long since her handsome son had declared his love for Doris, only to be kindly but firmly refused. And he knew that which his mother never drerned of—long since, in the shadowy past, Doris had given her heart to one who had not returned her love. "It was only a girl's foolish, romantic love- dream," he fold himself. "in time it will fade away from her memory; then I may stand some chm2ce of winning her." He was true to his promise. He never breathed one word of love to her; yet Doris could read it in his face, if she spoke one kind word to him, in the # wistful expression of his eyes as they followed her about, and the trembling of his hand as it Clasped hers in greeting. ./ am sorry for poor Karl I" she often murmured, when she was alone with her thoughts' "I, of all others in the world, know how t° pity a person who loves one who cannot return that love. He is so patient, so kind; sorry for him—so sorry Poor Karl !" Leaving Doris for a little while, we must returi; to Frederick Thornton, and to that critical moot° when he turned from the narrow path into the. open glade, where Mr. Courtney awaited him, ill company with the gentleman who had hee wast,..° selected to act as seconds in the duel which was

take place. He had barely reached the opening ere a strange rod frl sight burst upon his view. Scarcely a where he stood, riveted to the spot in amazons& and dismay, he beheld the prostrate form a lir, would-be opponent stretched on the gre le' ensviar" with his friends bending over him with gril white faces. f all others would be suspected," Frederick "Had foul play been done here? If so, told il'ey self. But he was no coward. Boldly he made ilie I); up to the group standing around his prostra , foe. 3, "There will be no duel, Mr. Thornton, s explained one of the colonel's friends.seer* that Colonel Courtney worked himself into slevil.' ' passion of fury that he tfas been attacl'en,,,u&' a very severe apoplectic stroke. We are a''''' t• to improvise a stretcher and convey him heel° i' ' once.'' u feltt,( Deep and sincere was the regret Frederic : for the colonel's affliction. "I should never have aimed my pistol at hieit,!,, gentlemen," he said. "I had intended to fire the air." ~, n dr. • As the duel was thus far practically abaau'e ' Frederick retraced his steps homeward. lThateavi leaving Thornton ohren carriedton v Villa, l aout taking li his originalcare to ion ofetne cin tills address to the colonel. His sisters wept, and his mother, clinging,",,, he neck of her handsome, manly son, refusea -- , comforted. "You are going abroad, Frederick," she °alai! "You may be gone long years. Perhaps I eh never see you again.'' , ii fit "Nonsense, mother," he declared. be gone longer than three years—four at farthes The time will soon slip away." tea "And is it quite true you and Vivian have par for ever, my son?" she asked, wistt ully. quite sure you do not love Vivian ?" 1, Ile "Never speak to me of love again, mother9„,lo answered, huskily. "My heart is buried in 1"" Doris's grave."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued).

SIIOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN- ~„.,,tiog I will sr n.la vain-Ale, instructive, and highly inTo LAO book mhiel: eve y woman mould be glad lAD Contains important and confidential advice and 0 .d tbe inairied and single how to keep healthy and 4vg°oc' anxieties so dfstreafimi to the sex. Sent free. e ealed, for one sta.',p to cover postage. Terilc Arl,l-o,ss : Professor E. LASALLE, 17. Eastbourne Paddington, Loud 1111 . W

- -1"

• . giue COVb EASE AND 0/ml,ola DURING} TBST2-1211°. Yea,ont, Cooling Aperient lor Children of „ Try them and I.movt, their val.ie lor vonrse,,' Sold evelywhere In packets, h; h'id. and 2. 9d•• 14 or 34 stamps, from .ole Propriaors I'l Ii GAIARDS LTD. (,!11; tiL.Cii :1420.

OP° J X CSC!), S ! aryroteo• Prices. One year's iftv", fo: our 1895 idustral7ool3 and second-hand l'nea 0/: JoAhion SAoIISS CL(S. post free. WI :AITVII CYCLE Ma.NurecTUAVI 45, Everton-rood, Liverpool - „ t'gea 'AV Crite,hl9V „„.6 " 01,- • is unequalled for imparting' a beautifnl finish to Col linen, de., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. „out wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen s'f'n'ar " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford : " lam pleased to inform you that I have tried Mansf „as. pi> Starch Glazes and Polishes, hut find none equal to 51,`," Ooid to used in every house, Sold at Id., 3.1.. iOit. most ntorch selle,s. if no: in stock will Prooor

Ow 3lt'h,rn. Peonrietor.—Ad,t

r,Vr• Dirt thnkF itselt tbe most a.tused When MAWILLIbSS CLEANDER SOAP i,

...0(417*: -TifrArite Ittl*"'. 11C*Ai 'Dknrj, t.om 1 e. monthly.—B

===== 0002601_18950511_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-4

===== 0002601_18950511_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
I

WARRINGTO TI iWN COUNCIL. '

---- . A meetine Of this Council was held in the Town Hall . on Tuesday evening. The Ma 3 or (Councillor James Fairclough) presided, and there were also present, Al,ter- ruerl Wright Given m all, Frar.coh, Biackhurst, Hutchinson, , Bolqui • Councillors Monks, Baird, Wilkinson, .' earner W , lop end,: Lee Bonlieit, Longton, Shi lecck, Smet- - . Hill. Cannell, Green, Roberts, R. T. Faircl )ugh, Greenine ; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), Fairhurst (horbugh treasurer), Lonedin (horough surveyor)oati S. i, Wilson (assistant town clerk). The M RECENT DRAMS. AYOR ITPRtiOned that h.-, had received a letter froltin Mr. J. E. Davies in reply to the vote of condolence *Von thedeatb ~f Mr. Joseph Davies. The letter ex- sslf the thanks of his mother, his 1-r tilers and him- ate • for the rn -nner in which the Council had appreci- te d his father's many labours for the benefit of the am. Tayl The Mayon al referred to the so death of Mr. Joseph or Rai at one time a member of the Council, and moved a vote f I I . with the widow and family. , .e o con«, enci, Alderman seconded th tarried. GREENALL proposal which was e

THE minuti Tho • PASSING OF THE MINUTES. S given in the Examiner last week o title :Vatelt, Finance and Rstate, Street Improvement, 111(itaht'etes' Seae7l,4 atarlr Works, and School Attendance Corn- re 'seed without discussion. Girl' To THE MUSEUM —THE GRANTS FROM THE CoUnt.;” COUNTY COUNCIL. Ar'ol ROBERT m., In oving the minutes of the Muse- tisettle:ess„STarY, and Art's Committee, referred to the hand- wie-45e"tS the B.ritish shells, Iss., from Mr. Heethcote the raldov is the specialist who had been engaged for at t6llbParvisi ea and re-arrangement of the shell collection clepePtarbt.bsestm. With regard to the resolution that a ralitcitee ,)ifon wait upon the Technical Instruction Corn. the Lancashire County Council, Mr. Roberts bettetrhjs was for the purpose of le ging their case for tteattne.nt in the disposal of the grants. , The Minutes were confirmed. e:Elsa CEMETERY COMMITTEE. --eutes thcommittee, which were published QUM 0 ,S C "Iv passed witheut discussion on tee motion 01' Bite, seeonded by Councillor SHILLCOCK. ~.Aldernun TOWN HALL, ETC. COMMITTEE. witt", • -- .OLTON propiised the adopeor iof this corn- ball minutes, and said that the tender which had SinonitecePtedof Picksley' simms and Co., Limited, to reirwe'ajtiae P4ir of gatesfora'n adcitional entrance to the ably b greund from Crostield-street, was consider- .. sow the estimate. cne' CONEte seconded. , otseenribillor Sttew GREEN asked whether the expending lae6,:teoriev on the gates was included in the estimates Ines:lore ihe Council. wes, Iti:11 answered in the effirmative, and the minutes Alliktl'i4riniCTlTDc'osSmed M unanimonHsEly;ROPOSED FIG MARKET. tainUtos 1.4 ItETTTE T ENAEL L—proposed the adoption of the • aid 0 this committee. 11l n BLACERURST seconded, and said that the tin; 'a t 55 el iire penance on the minutes was the refer- to "" she removal of the pie market from Town Hill qusshter_bid militia storehouse. 'He thought they had this ' Matthoroughly thrashed out at the last timi e t was eajstil'sCouncil, and it was desirable that the pig t soould he removed from Town Hill, and the as toe market from the streets. Toe only question was old h the eite, and the committee Was of opinion that the articks was a- suitable site to utilise for this oidel)°"' se Ther had purchased the ground, and he con- laael.S" the site a very convenient one. An inspector Pteee-e,,Ziti the town from the Board of Agriculture, the telf g week, and a cemmunication it since been roin him by the Town Clerk which t would be Te:e,"a"e read at once to the Council. thatOWN CLERK then read the letter which stated reittees,' ett" proposed was a very suitable one for a cattle neateee aa it was very near the railway station and ap- 'Rea se's ln every way suited for the purpose for which it rr°Posel to he Utilised. !IkiStit;:lkitil WRIGHT proposed as an amendment that the t Passed with the exception of the minute relat- 4tte qi,7„e Pig market, He said that he would like to call De4-s" to the opposition to the scheme from large pro- bes; Lbwners in the immediate vicihity of the old ilignadc'es' He had a memorial opposing the scheme rtteen; 'V at least 110 very important, and very large I,kadlie-rsi some ot there very representative People, 'Y. r -,;vught it was not a matter to be dealt with liasti- Merehot.'?.llowing was the text of the memorial:—"Your Nee lansts being property owners and Inhabitants respeell,g, in very close proximity to the old barracks the ai:e'bide ask you to wit o hold your consent to make belli"e Mentioned place into a swine or cattle market, the rien,R. it will not only be detrimental to the health of Propestribt, but disastrous in its consequences to he the de!'bet Pf the neighbourhood in causing tenants to leave the le% `, we feel sure upon reflection you will see districib,r,Y it will cause to this purely residential Alder. *tare ? iban GRERNALL : May I ask are they in that , Alder -"I ~..e ri ad the Da 1.„„ s. if r an WRIGHT • They are in the immediate vicinity pto em like. Alderman IVright then set 4: tied to read the names, but was continually inter- thesed' °then C uncillor Sinethurst protested against oneVontinued interruptiens. Ile thought the memorial to e;tlbe listened to with quietness.ism Conne„tban War : It will have to be listened to, %el tor Smethurst. Alderman Wright then read the Payee 'bit, which included some of the leading rate- thss rtae in the St. Austin's ward. Continuing, he said TheteZete Were plenty of sites without going there. *teed eas a plot of land adjoining the market which thee e,lbake an excellent site. If they chose that spot, e'bsins.nblol not take the farmers frnm -their ordinary ws,7!i in the market. He found that the site on Town Yards "101 had been used as a nig market,waa 230 -quare eisa •r; this plaec was 558 square yards. It was eleetaeMuch more convenient spot, and ha therefore "tbDi. .. e'enat in the face of this memorial the scheme sIY the committee. should not be carried out. itte th s"'an FRANCOMB seconded the amendment. lie hl 4' he did not wish to hamper the Market Corn- lieee4 hut he seconded the amendment because L hebe- W 45 well taki a step in the wrong direction. ell known that the sewers in the *se thuds ' L. °0(1 of the iild barracks were defective. It e-sstess,',;`lloWn that the sewers coal i not get an outfall -Ned "e'Y went in for a large sewerage scheme which Itctriee •eb't a very large sum of money. If th..y took hs-s'e t that neielah outing.' he felt quite certain that -418'41-''fltsWould''e . their sir compelled to leave tee es, IN, fn 171, t'nsy k'IPW very well there was no kind of ex- 'slat oebre offensive thn that from pigs, and he hoped 111.4tt .petib'so erounda alone they would net hurry the tvebeets.",r`bleli Reference had been made to the incon- h ti f trine rs. They knew very well raters ni Ho rsemarket-street, and that eetiisaokltaett.iiii +1 '"ltire" P' lbe i Hill had been very convenient for d-onY4 ilt etlier that Was a suitable piece for 4 he) not he did not pretend to say, but it stood ebd k arid it was a very easy thine to flush the sewers iiiatti7ePth' Place clean,- More the; that, he hid never i hoses se People on Town Hill objecting, and t was a tbktq'll...rt 'hi, there had never been an epidemic of Ceriatghh lt.'44HAt2last' inam erliate neighbourhood. Alderman ' the night, IS-"'strail to a site in Queen-street. He had qroi it „ 'Aced at the site, and it looked to him as klare et. be made suitable for a pig market. The restracka Aelsculture's inspector said the site at the old es'. but tiaPP"ared to be a suitable one, and no doubt it Ale-4ngs irinector knew very little of their sewer Z-set s;isents and he certainly did not known as much oee, w,nt emee she sof the farmers as the residents did. Ile urt e'tee I q".stinn would be referred back to the com- a‘td c't tle, • ~„ r consideration. hadbe e member of tet4ll-ltst:; tilitrrclT/s°l4 said he been took an in- he ,e* In th ,ommutee for many years, an het"g01110 ne Work which that committee had to do, was 1.:351 eertamle oppose the present scheme. LC 11:10yed',Peaaonahl th r the Swine Market should be 'O4 ess '0 the barracks, dissan e while with regard to the gales- tais Pme. ect to tvi:toptoi men it was out of i .all charac- eartto ‘ would he the chief buyers, am it was not tn'tn tO Co to go from Florsemarket-street to Mse ay it Would be something ridiculous to ask oe. In seeere„,, Th.. removal would be a means of " Market If they went to Longford they er na'"o much. further to go ; and then they 'ivle all the Amelia ermb. together. (Laughter.) tss4,lcll:elMotsirs : object. (Laughter.) sCheie "tstentesCie : Well, it would not be much thethe 00i eh,o,coo be, been spent in the neighbourhood Prel,e it weillTrk-, and if the pig market was removed Deist interfere with the rateable value and the Ales of tblathe +set Ale n 4 0,, ernlitt ResrAtt : leansense. "le er3le Isere HtioTontesne said it would stop scores of t" toe Ste the S-meline, good property in the vicinity. enr Thisn Part where they were practically in the at ZTh vr."otnin, the town. • eeiebe res,' erns; said one thing had been proved pertha Vlttil that was that if this material which tl-11-1" ; rahcetrib referred to as the foulest they Jaen,• nbjectionahle in Wilson Pat i Paten-st., t was Peorees,e'lll of Material on Town Hill, and therefore ....Tits had rrultircqi this thing for half the Fen- ce eori"s,7pon Pram:omb : And like it)—were entitled klerre th "°tatirin of the Council at once. ab Prime e, "nee4, : You have not Neve, eis not on taper at all. It is I RP, ,11Silloi. the/lean, Quitters : am afraid I are eo leo, hp esethereliended Alderman Frai e, ale es Said it WaS just as foul on Tc 01 h,cl7: Wilson Pattemsteand if the p hsel°biety a.sn „i,adies and gentlemen of the 1,13, 0135,41 se, nose in Wilson Patten-st., ti fiiennellOvsed to carry on what had %It 4trie th4r as An intolerable nuisance ft 445 Of see d,r' had den-. He thought thei leteerbeight wlitls they were in. The Mai 1101,4 to " "aw the resolution until ti thattne toiearn”.Ei before the Couecil witl •tolelr had V7,n and Pig. market Comb seat, 404. it b e immediate future tot hes !Rea arm _sserned worthy of the consii erel a et. uealth Committees whethe In some place free from

1,4,74;

14"rnal

mprehencled on account oj

I not the ;firgt comb.. (Con- own Hill aq it

2ople on Town same position would not

they

described one tithe of Te wag a way ,rkets Commit.

been

were pre.

I a complPte inPri. Seeing movide a pub- leration of the

they might e objections

which were al!eged against the oil tytrraclut where they c.nild combine a cattle and wg rnArket.ihd a public ab it- toir. (Hear,hear.) In reply toa question of the MAYOR, the Borough Sur- veyor said the sewer from the old harracks WPfir across Ow street and down Slutchers-lane to the outtall in the river.

Councillor SHAW supported the amendment and said the barracks Was WA a suitable place for a swine Mar- ket, and he sugges'ed the use of the land ai joining the market, as it occupied a central p.m don. It was not far from the Corn Exchange. He did pot know what the cost of the riecrnislry alterations ivould he, bot lie pre- sumed about £1,500 or £l.BOO, arid they would then have a pig market which would satisfy the demands of Warrington for tin' next 20 y Nara. _ . .

Councillor SMEITHT.TRAT said he was also in favour of the amendment, and suggested 4nwher site which would far surpass it, namely, where the greenerottery wholesale market was held. Three-fourths of the land was vacant on Wednesday. Councillor SHAW GREEN said that he had previously supported the Committee, but the names on the memo- rial kad some influence with him. If they were to seri- ously inconvenience and reduce the ratable value of the district they should pause before finally determining, the question. Councillor Roberts had elven them a solution ef the difficulty for the present, although he believed that the objections which had been raised that evening were laegely sentimental, and that the moment they got accustomed to the market they would entirely disappear. But if they were to have an abattoir let them take the two questions together. Councillor MONIES said that if Councillor Roberts' sug- gestion was adopted, it would settle the matter for the present, but if they had to vote between Queen-st. and the militia stores for the pig market he should certainly vote for the militia stores because he considered it far the best position of the two. What had been said seemed rather to turn on the question of drainage. O the two sites suggested Wilson Patten-sr. had the a tvatitage, be- cause there they had a drain which was comparatively short, going direet from the old barracks down Slut- cher's-lane and into the river, and into which the drain- age of no house would enter. At Queen-st. they had a low lying, level piece of land from which tha fall mu.,t necessarily be slight, and not only !hat, but this foul matter weuld have so much longer distance to travel through the sewers than it would from the old barracks. , As regarded the pig market spoiling the neighbourhood, personally he was not a•raid, and he had recently taken a house in Warmarleigh-at. notwithstanding the probe- bilk! of the militia stores being converted into a swine and Cattle market—(hear, hear)—anti he believed the Chairman of the Finance Committee was already resi- dent in that street. _

Councillor Woons was of opinion that if the other side had taken up the question, an equal number of naMe3 could have been obtained in favour of the removal ot the market to the stores. Alderman Francomh had pointed ut that there had never been an epidemic on Ag Hill, and if that was due to the pig market being there, he should think the people in Wils,m Patten-at. ought to welcome the proposal to take the pig market there in order that they might enjoy aaimilar immunity. (Laugh- ter.)

The voting was then proceeded with,with the following result :—For the amendment—Aldermen Francomb, Wright, Hutchinson ; Councillors Dr.Ca.anell,Fl,ll, Smet- hurst, Shit!cock, Longton, Shaw, Wilkinson, Baird, 11. Against the amendment —Tile MayordildermAn Bolton, Blackhurst, Greenell; Councillors R. T. Fairclough, Green, Woods, Garner, Lee, Greening, Monks, Hepherd, 12. The amendment was therefore lost. Councillor Bonsai's then moved a further amendment that the resolltion on the minutes stop at the word "closed." He was still of opinion that the matter re- quired further consideration I.St a whole scheme and should not be dealt with in secthms, and seeing that they had practically had no pig markot for a consider- able time owing to the outbreak of swine fever no in- convenience would result from none being held for a time, and the Corporation could afford to disoonse with the paltry sum they received from the sale of pigs. Alderman WRIGHT seconded.

Alderman tiLecarruasT took it for granted that now the Council had approved of the market being estab. lished at the old barracks, the Committee would not need to come before thorn again when they desired to com- mence the sale of cattle there.

Alderman WRIGHT said they had voted only on the pig market quest ion. Alderman BLACKIIIIRST said the two had gone together and he took it for granted that the committee had now the liberty to use the old barracks as a cattle market it they felt so disposed. (" ertainly not.") Alderman BOLTON and Councillor GREEN said they should support the amendment with a view to the q tion being discussed by the Health and Markets Com- mittees.

Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOVOR pointed out that the absence of a pig nnarket kept country people out of town end so prevented money being spent in it that wonld otherwise be spent. Councillor La said he would support the amendment if Councillor R .berts would include in it that the ques- tion be referred to a j )int c )mmittee, Councillor ROBERTS said he would do that.

The MAYOR SAM it looked as thour..it the members of the Council did not know their own minds. They had jot decided the question, but if the amendment was carried they would have it all to thrash out again. Councillor Woons : If the amendment is carried, it is understood that what we have voted upon has been wiped out? Several members replied in the affirmative.

Councillor Woons I will not use the words I should like to use. _

Alderman BI4OEIIIIIOI : We might be a lot of little children.

The Maroa: You pass one thing at one time and then want to immediately cancel it. 'rhe amendment was then put, and there voted for it —Aldermen Wright, Francomb, Hutchinson and Bolton ; Councillors Green, Cannel!, Hill, Smethuret, Shil!cock, Longton, Bennett, Shaw, Wilkinson. Baird, Lee and Robetts-16. Against :—The Mayor. Alderman Greenall and Councillors R. T. Fairclough, Woods, Monks and Greening-6. The amendment was declared carried, and the minutes as altered were agreed to. The pig market on Town Hill is now cicsed, and the site of a new market is to be decided upon by the Marketa and Ei.alth Committees.

OAS COMMITTER.-CLOSING OF MERSZY-STREET OAS WORKS

_ Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH in moving the ad.mtion of the minutes which appeared in our last issue said he wished the Council to notice that the policy of entirely removing the Mersey-street works to Longford had been considered desirable for years by Mr. Haddock and the Gas Committee, but to be sure that it would be advan- tageous the committee instructed Mr. Thomas New- bigging, an eminent consulting as engineer, to inspect and report upon their removal. His report, which was dated April 13-h, 1892, was sent at that time to each member of the Council,and as it corroborated the views of the Committee the gas engineer was instructed not to spend any money upon the works only what should absolutely be required to keep them efficient. They had, however. now come to that stage that they must either spend a considerable amount of money upon repairing the purifiers at Mersey-street or remove altogether to Longford. In Mr. Newtligging's report the quantity of coal-delivered at Mersey-st. was stated at 3.750 tons, and as the basis of his report was calculated at that quantity the loss of working at Mersey-street in comparison with Longford was £66 for that year after allowing £13,320 to build extensions at Longford at 3i. per cent. interest. But Mr. Newbigging finished his report by the following sentence :--0 Although the saving shown is but trifling, the prospective advantages are such that the project is worth carrying into effect." Now the quantity of coal used this last winter was 5 704 tons and taking the same basis as contained in Mr. Newhiggines report the less of working at Mersey-street bad been 505 after allowing £13.320 to build extensions at Longford at 3 per cent. interest. The gas engineer advised and the Gas Com- mittee therofore thought that'as the sale isf gas increased, the greater the loss would he by staying at Mersey-street as shown by the basis of Mr. Newhigging and what had been done this last winter. They could if desired remove to Longtord and be ready to give up possessim of the works to the Sanitary Works Committee in twelve months if the Council would sanction the removal, and he understood the Sanitary Werks Committee were quite willing to take over the Mersey-street .works at Mr. Nembigging'n valuation. Councillc r llsrersan lenondod the motion, endorsing all that had been said by Councillor Fairclough, the chairman of the committee. Ever since he (Cotracillor flepherd) had had any connection with the undertaking he had been convinced of the necessity for closing the works in Mersey-st., and removing to Longford. Of the wisdom of that policy ho was still strongly convinced.

Councillor ROBERTS, for the purpose ofspeaking a few words moved an amendment. Pressing the Chairman of the Committee to give an utsdertaking to the Council that he would not deal with the gas profits without first consulting the Council as to the direction in which they should he dealt with. He contended that the Commit- tee should reduce the price of gas by 3d. per 1.000 feet. It appeared that the profit-a on the gas undertaking had ieeti £2,326 lbs. 211 Of this sum the Committee had alraady disposed of £656 lls. 11d, in making an ablte- meat in respect of the charge for street lamps. The remainder, £1,670 3s 314., still remained to be dealt with.

Alderman BOLTON seconded the amendment. Councillor LONGTON supported the confirmation of the minutes, saying that the proposal which the nomminee had made had received their careful and serious con- sideration. Councillor SAW GRXEN wag quite prepared ta trust the Gas Committee, and was quite satisfied that they were able to do their business, but he wanted to know very anxiously whether there would be a saving and no loss in this matter.

Councillor Momts also supported the minutes,remark- ing that the sub-committee of the Sanitary Works Com- mittee had inspected the premises in Mersey-st.,and had found them suitable for the purpo4es which they had in view' and were ready to take them over from the Gas Committee, as Councillor R. T. Fairclough ,had said. • Councillor FatncLotros said that it was not intended to spend £20,000. When the Gas Works were first taken over there was a debt of £243,000 upon the pre-

'''

I

b 3, tik,hies tirne tetth threT,'ght kl) ec' the,' had''.:l Zittl7tOir, • in anp 4 altoll'ealttl In son)

===== 0002601_18950511_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
• '2' •

TH E F XAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1895.

mises, bit to-day trbit debt stood at £lB3 000. It was not fair, he thougur, that the money bul i be spent out, ot the inomnv derived it ,m the working when they were pairig the debt awa),, and that was the reason rrh•y were spreading it over a number of years. The p esent ra eoiyers would thus be relieved of paving the ...ey II ar once, arid the peopl • who iiihatmed the town in years to come would bear a fair share in the cost of these minnyvetnents.

Councillor ROBNitTS eventually withcLew his opposi- ti tri upon being informed by the Town Clerk that the Gas Committee could not appropriate any profits which they might Mali° to ail/ ObiJCL without the consent of Council.

Alderman BOLTON however declined to give way and the ameudinent wa, put to the vote, but Alderman Bolton amid mu-n laughter c‘:uld find no supporters, and waathe oolc 0,,e to woe for the amendment. RIVERS' COMMITTEE—MEShItS. BISHOP AND CO's.

The minutes of tnis committee with the exception of that relating to the wilart proposed to ho rented by Messrs. Bish.ip and Co., and which we published last week, were pissed unanirri'mAy. Tie minute relating ta Messrs. Biship and C was withdrawn.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER COMM Irr EEI .

The minutes of the Water, Fire Engine, and General Purposes Gamin tees which i were published in our last 1.1,Ue were passed tiiintuin ,tiAly without discUSSiou.

WIDTII OF STREETS.

Councillor BENIVETT hail given notice of his intention to move :—"Ttia it be an instruction to the Street Im- provement adid bighting Cominittee in framing new by- laws, as r.,cominencled by the Lacal Government Board, to con,ider %healer the existing regulations as to the width of new attests and passages are adequate, having regard to the probable growth of the to 4'll, and whether it would not he phsaible far the committee to reserve the right to exercise some di :afire supervision m/yr the general arrangement of new building sites, so as to en- sure that all !Jew thorouglifares shall be convenient and symmetrical, and that open spaces shall tie provided in every given area," Owin,z, nowever, to the la eueas of the hour be deGided to postpone the consideration of the question until the next meeting. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD-BYE FOR EVER.

A DOCTOR'S ADVICE TO A DESPAIRINU WOMAN.

FROM THE " BURNLEY GAZETTE."

Burnley gossip ba4 been busy concerning the happy release of Miss E oily P uchar, of 96, Abel-street, Burn- ley, and her story will be read with interest. The " Burnley G a-qte " inter eiewed Miss Poucher,who said, "I have sufferre I terribly from indigestion. I was brok n down for over four yea re. Sometimes I would ;nand a little, but only for a few days. During the whole four years I could do very little, but I was re- stored to perfect health by the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People." " How did it all begin? "

"I started with biliousness,sick headache, and general weakness. I kept up a pretty fair app4ite,but my food never seemed to do roe any go )d. Ex9rtion of any sort felt awful drudgery, and I got thormghly worn out and weary. Night after night I was unable to get a wink of sleep, and our folk had to wrap in,. in hot b lankets, because of the cramp in my limbs. I had four different doctors, out I 4ot so bad that I lest all interest in life, and longed to fall asleep and wake no more. I went to Lincolnshire to see what country air would do. I hadn't been there many days when I felt worse, and decidscl to come borne. I thought it was all over, and that I had better die at home. Before I left I had some talk with the village doctor. He noticed how ill I was, and we had a chat about my case. He said the best thing I could do was to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. When I reached home I told our folks what the doctor had said and it seems someone else had recommended them to mother while I was away. So we decided to try them. Soon I began ;•.o feel decidedly better. I kept on taking them, and before the second 'boa was finished I was better than I had been for five years. This was less than a fortnight alter taking the first dose. People were sur- prised to see 1120 for they,all thought they had bid me "good-bye" for ever. I improved every week, and have not had a day's illness since. In fact I feel years younger than I did four years since." "And do you as cribe all this change to Dr. Williams, Pink Pills 1,"

"Certainly. I have talon nothing else since I started with them. They have made a different girl of me altogether.

The above are the facts written down as given, will- ingly and gratefully, by Miss Poucher and ty-r mother. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are an unfailing cure for rheu- matism, neuralgia, paralysis, Incomotorataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, and prostration ; also diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &. They are a splendid tonic, and restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, a specific for all troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men cure all cases arising front worry, overwork, or excesses of what- ever nature.

The Pills are sold by all chemists, or may be had direct from Dr. Willis 1113' Medicine Cimpany, of 46, Flo!born- viaduct, London, at 2s. 61. a box, or six boxes for 13311 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold loov, and any substitutes so sold are fraudul- ent and useless: the wooden box must be in a pink wrapper bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A KNOWING PLANT.

The Ceylon Mimosa is said to be so sensitive that if a person will fix his eyes on a special branch, and slowly approach it, the plant is seen gradually to " and shrink within itself, as it wore, before it is touched by the observer's hand. Some little time ago, M. Baton was at Cereto. in the Island of Cuba, where he was the guest of an English coffee-planter, While sitting with the family on the broad piazza, which formed the front of the bungalow, a thrifty " S3nsitive plant" was recog- nised, and made the subject of remark. The doctor called his daughter of eleven sears from the house. "Lena " s-dd he " go and kiss the Mimosa." The child did so, laughing gleefully, and came away. The plant gave no total of shrinking from contact with the pretty child ! " Now," said the host, to M. Mon, " will you touch the plant 2" Rising to do so, he approached it with one hand extended, and before it had fairly come in contact, the nearest spray and leaves " wilted" visibly. " The plant knows the child," said the planter, " but you are a stranger." It was a puzz;ing experience which seemed to endow the Mimosa with intelligence.

The Duke of Westminster's Llndon property he him self estimates as being worth, If realised, over t vvel v millions.

fieved and generally cured by the use of

•S -, JZlsll7lere. e:,/ .11 i 410% ,Tg rieAce f e't , i.§. ,1 fillir) , , i •,!-; , Wf ,' I • ~, G... D. : , 12 / .. , , 0 ,I, it, ii,1.!;,, , -,r,,., '1 • ',,' .

WEAK BACKS are re-

===== 0002601_18950511_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S

AS'

T

E

,s

They sustain the part where applied, and are warming, soothing, comforting in the highest degree. Use for Bron- chitis, Lumbago, Rheuma- tism, and wherever and whenever pain is felt.

Of all Chemists from 111 k to 2216 each

,

F ?if i, i I'4 4, Pi 11,3: - ... .. -... ....,,-.. ..,._....4...,.,..., ..„4-: •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ILJ

IMPERIAL PA R.LIAMEN

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening, on the motion to go into Committ,e on the Welsh Church Bill, Mr. AsouriH said he had a command from the QUEEN to signify to the HOLM-, that her M±sty had been pleased to place at till disposal of Parliament for the purposes of the Bill her interest in bishoprics and other ecclesiastical dignitie. and benefices in Wales and Monmouthshire. The SPEAKER ruled out of order a nuinberof the motions for " instructions "to the Committee. Mr. GRIFFITH- BOSCAWEN moved that it shonld be an instruction to the Committee that they had power to divide the Bill into two Bills,one dealing, with the disestahlishment and the other with disendowments, and that the first Bill should he reported to the House before the other was proceeded with. Lord CRANBONE seconded the motion. Mr. AsQuits said the speeches of the mover and seconder of the motion ignored the fact that the House by a very decided majority on the second reading expressed its assent as well to etsestablishment. Sir M. Limas- BEACH and Sir R. WEBSTER spike in support of the motion, which on a division was rejected by 231 to 198. The House then went into Committee on the Bill. Various other amendments were rejected by majorities of 44 to 31.

The order for the second reading of the Local Veto Bill ci as postponed for a fortnight.

In the Rouse of Lords Lord KNUTSFORD wkerl for some information as to the recent annexation of territory north of Zululand. Lord RIPON ,ta.ted that the territory in question had always been acknowledged to be within the sphere of British influence. The Government would however, probably have abstained from annexing it if the South African Republic had prevented the citizens of the Republic from interfering ; but as they had faill to do sq, notwithstanding the remonstrances of Sir H. LOCH, there was no alternative but to annex the terri- tory. In taking that sten the Government were not animated by any unfriendly feeling towards the South African Republic, with whom they desired to maintain friendly relations.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In thP House of Corn-in-o—rWo-ii Tuesday evening Sir W. HARCOURT, replying to a question, said he was not in a position to state when the second rea 'Mg of the Local Veto Bill would be taken. There was no truth in state- ments that the Government did not intend to proceed further with the Bill.

- The House again went into Committee on the Welsh Disestablishment Bill. On clause 1 Mr. MORE moved an amendment to accept from the operation of the measure that part of Montgomeryshire which is situated in the diocese of Hereford. The amendment was rejected by 234 to 206. Mr RANKIN moved an amendment to ex- cept from the Bill those portions of Radnorshire which were included in the diocese o Hereford. On a division the numbers were—for the amendment, 2)9 ; against, 237 ; majority against, 28, Mr. STUART-WORTLEY said th • clerks at the " Aye "lobby did not wait till he and Mr. TALBOT had passed through the gate, and therefore the maj )rity appeared to be two greater than it should be. The Chairman (Mr. MELLOR) directed that the names of Mr. Stuart-Wortley and Mr. Talbot should be added to the names of those who voted for the amendment, and the majority was thus reduced by two. Colooel KENYON-SLANEY (far Mr. KENYON) moved an amendment to exclude the detached portion of the county of Flint known as the Hundred of Mielor. Mr. J. H. LERIS strongly opposed the amendment, and Mr. Ascsurnt said the G wernment could not deal piecemeal with the par- ticular feelings of particular districts. The amendment was defeated by 191 to 168. Mr. GRIFFITH-BOSCAWEN moved an amendment to exclude the county of Mm- mouth. A discussion as to which country Monmouth- shire belonged to gave Mr. G. RUSSELL an opportunity of referring playfully to Sir E. A. BARTLETT'S patriotic spirit. ''The bon. member for the Eccieshall division had spoken of certain members as "non-English," and Mr. Rossett, mentioned that "nod" gave Brooklyn, U.S., as Sir ELLis's birthplace. Mr. ASQUITH, in opposing the amendment, said Monmouthshire had been ecclesiasti- cally a part of Wales from the earliest times. The ameedment was defeated by 201 to 176. The debate was then adj-urned to Monday next. The HOME SECRETARY'S Factories and Workshops Bill came before the Grand Committee on Trade on Tuesday; Mr. STUART-WORTLEY in the chair. On the question of artificial lighting Mr. Wutrinity obtained the exemption of " gassing "engines from the list of apparatus whose employment called for an increase of cubic space. A long discussion took place on a proposal hy Mr. ALLAN to secure the license annually " of every place where w -irk is done for an employer whose premises are else- where." This was intended to prevent the " sweating" of workpeople in unhealthy houses. Mr. Astra= as- sured the committee that the proposal of Mr. ALLAN would be inoperative,because it would thrown upon the inspecters work they could not possibly get through. He promised to bring up a clause dealing with sugges: tions that had been made. The proposal was rejected by 48 votes to eight. Au amendment by Sir C. DILKE making an employer who gave out work liable to heavy penalties if the work was done under insanitary condi- tions was defeated by 41 votes to nine, Mr. ASQUITH pointing out that the employer had no right of entry into the houses of his workpeople and could not be re- sponsible for their condition. The committee then ad- journed.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. KNOX moved the second reading of a Bill to repeal the Irish I Crimes Act of 1887. He said the peaceable condition of Ireland was such as had not existed before within the 'memory of living man. Mr. J. O'Coloton seconded the motion. Mr. BARTON moved and Captain WCALMONT seconded the rejection of the Bill. Mr. MORLEY said that soon after he took office as Chief Secretary all the proclamations putting the Act in force were revoked, and the Government had not used the Act or any part of it. It was quite true that the Government were pleged to reveal the Crimes Act as soon as they could. But it was also true that they were pledged to bring in a Home Rule Bill, and they preferred to do that for which the country was tanking and leave the repeal of the Crimes Act for some future day. He did not think it possible to get this Bill through the House in a few days, but if a proposal was made to refer it to a Standing Commit- , tee he would not oppose it. He contended that the pr.). phecies uttered when he revoked the proclamations mak- ing the Act operative, that he had entered upon a fatal policy unworth of a British Minister, had not been borne out, lie regarded the Act as a tgrant invasion of the civil rights of Irishmen, and he had never voted with more perfect confidence than he was doing what the Constitution of the country demanded and what the welfare of all classes in Ireland needed than in voting for the second reading of this Bill. Sir E. CLARKE and Mr. T. W. Russet', spoke in opposition to the Bill. Mr. Bettroort said he would never be a party to throwing away so invaluable an instrument of liberty as the Crimes Act, although until the liberty of the subject was assailed he should he the last person to desire to use it. The Opposition, unlike the Covernment, could not shut their eves to the possibility that dark days might be in store for them. Just before half-past five the closure was nv,yed and was carried by 25 to 208, and the second reading of the Bill was passed by 222 to 203. A motion to refer the Bill to a Standing Committee was opposed, and had therefore to stand over.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 27th April, 1895. During the week, which was the 17th of th., current year, the following births and deaths were registered • Births. Deaths. Warrington 46 • 14 Latchford 4 3

Total 5O 17. The excess of births over .deaths was 33. The death rate from all causes was equal to 154 per I,ooo,against 18 07 the average of the previous four wPoks,and against 18 5 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zyinotic diseases was equal to 0.9 per 1,000, against .45 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 0 9 the corresponding week ot 1894. The ages of mortality, were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 6 4 1 3 14 1 2 3

The deaths includel-1 from whooping cough, 2 from inflnPnzv 1 from acute rheumatism, 1 from phthisis, 6 from ;Ling disease, 1 from heart disease, 1 from liver disease, 2 from brain disease. The followina eases of incPptious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 4 cases. Total number of patients in hospital. 18. . _ _

JOHN El. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health. SHIP CANAL. ANOTFIER COLLISION. On Tuesday afternoon another of those small casualties which occur on all narrow waterways happened between the Moore-lane and Old Quay swing bridges. It appears that as the as. Tyr was proceeding to Mitichester with a Cargo Of wood pulp she collided with the se. Nar,inja, which was outward bound. Neither of the vessels was much the worse for the accident. THE CHANNEL ISLANDS AND MANC,HEiTER.

_ In connection with the service from Jersey to Man- chester, it is stated that throughout the new pot do season, which lasts for a month or six weeks, three steamers per week will leave St. Helier, Jersay, with potatoes for the Manchester market. The steamers cvill not take back cargoes, as the empty casks in which the potatoes will come will occupy all the available space on the outward trip. The vessels engaged in the trade will be the steamers RAPS Rock, Bishop Rock, and another, each or about 200 tons burden. rhis new departure is another of the enterprises of the Manchester, Bombay,. and General Navigation Company, and should the results prove as satisfactory as anticipated, further develop- ments of a similar character may be looked for at an any date. •

( -

- „ - . , • • •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTiIEIt CASE OF "DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS LOADED." •

" Yes ; that is so :" said Capt. Paige, of Ply- mouth, "I never dre4iried that my system was loaded with uric acid until tortured with muscular rheumatism and grtvel. Pain was such I imagined irsyludf spread upon the rack. My legs were swollen so that the skin cracked opea ; my nervous system was shattered, my manhood Seemed destroyed, and my reason almost dethroned. Then, alter all other tried remedies and doctoring ' failed, Warner's Safe Cure cured me. This was eight years ago, and I have enjoyed good health since that time with the exception et a severe attack of Influeraa."

It is unwise to wait for such serious developments, but as soon as you notice the t,lightest deviation from good health, have recourse to Warner's Safe Cure which will soon drive this subtle poison—uric acid—from the system.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLAND THE OGRE.

OURSELVES THROUO H FRENCH EYES.

Below will be found an article translated tro-in"" La Petrie "of the 25th of last msnth, which gives a fair idea of the latitude towards England and the English adopted by a certain section of the French Press. The writer is M. Lucien Millevoye, and " La Petrie " has a larger sale than any other evening papsr in Paris. Here is the article: —"Those who have not read the last num- bers ot the " Daily Telegraph " are quite ignorant of how capable is the English soul of pity and tenderness. The faTai of the Queen of Madagascar, so cruelly tor- ment& at this moment by the claims of France, compels irl our neighbours across the Channel the most heart- rending grief. They nobly conjure us not to abuse the superiority of our tortes, to spire a savage people, to listen to the generous voices which call to us, while there is yet time, for moderation and humanity. The Power which dares to address us, with such advice has itself acquired universal renown hr cold cruelty and relentless selfishness. The Anglo-Saxon race does not know how to pardon, nor forget; her re- sentments are ferocious, her memory pitiless. She reigns in suppressing, the vanquished. She establishes her dominions on pyramids of corpses. The English philanthropists who occupy themselves in so admirably a disinterested way about the anguish of these poor Hovas—will they deign t cast their eyes on ths door step of their own house ? They will 30^r suffer- ing capable Cf exciting their feelings • they will con- template wickedness terrible eneugl to trouble the equanimity of their patriotism. At Madagascar the mockery is a little too strong. England has commenced by ordering her missionaries to cause us every possible annoy rice;i and she has found ansongt these pious hypo- crites marvellous auxiliaries for the accomplishment of her designs. . . . The money for war voted. our vessels, our soldiers are ready. The !lovas can no more blind themselves to the storm which is about to break- over their heads. England exhorts them stiff to have confidence, and, does her best to animate their ceurage. English officers offer to instruct and command. them. France approaches. Her armada floats to Tamatave. The unhappy Queen feels the iron of the invader on her chest. She turns towards the English asking : "And your promise ? And your help ?'" She only gathers vain evidences of sympathy and compassion. England recedes at Madagascar before France, as she receded yesterday at the Nicer& ua before the United States, as she will recede to-morrow at Formosa before Japan,just as she will before all those who will have the courage to show her their teeth."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WI RE-D RAWE RS. PRESENTATION AND CONCERT.

iavio

On Monday evening there was a large gathering in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, of the Warrington wire-drawers and their friends. The occasion was the presentation of £lOO to Mr. E. Ansell, who as a wire- drawer has been totally incapacitated from work by paralysis of both arms, This sum of money was the proceeds of a 3d draw which was organised throughout the iron and steel wire-drawers of the country. lii con- junction with the presentation a concert had been got up by the following committee :—Messrs. Hardinen, Robin- son, Bullock, Rook, White. T. Ansell, T. Williams, A. I Owen, Jeffery Bennion, Haigh (chairman of committee). ,1 and S. Wettings (secretary). The chair at the concert I was taken by Mr. Pierparint., M.P., and he was accom- panied on the platform by Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., Mr. J. Whittle and Mr. S. Wellings. Before commencing, the CHAIRMAN expripsed his pleasure at being present on an occasion b 0 interesting mad touching as that for which were assembled that night. The following programme was then gone through, much to the enjoyment of the audience :.—Song," The White Squall," Mr. N. Cook ; song, " By the Fountain," Mrs. Pearson ; sang, " Vil- lage Blacksmith." Mr. E. Pownall ; recitation, " Lan- cashire dialect), Mr. C. Furness ; song, " Cur Jack," Mr. A. Griffiths; song, " Promise of Life," Miss Pem- berton ; comie song, "The Giddy Little Girl," Mr. W. Whittle ; song," Anchored," Mr.N. Conk •, song, " The Blue Alsatian Mountains," Mr. A. Griffiths ; sang. " When the Heart is Young," Miss Pemberton ; recita- tion (Lancashire dialect), Mr. C. Furnese ; seng," The Skipper," Mr. E. Pownall ; Comic song," Knocked him once," Mr. W. Whittle. The singers deserving of special mention were Mrs. Pearson. who gave a beautiful rendition of •' By the fountain," for which she was encored, and Mr Griffiths, whose singing of" Our Jack," met with an enthusiastic reception. Mr. W. Whittle as humorist gave unquali- fied amusement to the audience, and Mr. Furness by his well-delivered Lancashire reciations, contributed much to the success of the evening. During the interval the Chairman made the presenta- tion. and in the cour.e of his speech said that not only did " one touch of nature make the whole world kin, but one heavy blow of affliction made a man's mates his brothers. He was glad to know that the subserip- lion which had been gathered had not been made a pub- lic one throughout the town .but had been confined almost entirely to the iron and steel wiredrawere of Warrington, and in answering to the call be ventured to thank and tell them that they had done themselves and the town a very great credit. Referring to Mr. Ansel!, the speaker said he had not been in the town a very long time and it was very creditable indeed to them for not having said "This is a man not born in Warrington ; therefore we will let him go by" hut "This is a man of our trade and we will see him through." (Hear, hear and applause.) With one excep- tion Mr. Ansell had been a wiredrawer all him life, and that exception was when he served her Majesty in one of the fini st corps in the Army—lie R -iyal Horse Artillery, and during that time he had served his two years in the hot climate of India. Mr. Pierpoint said there had been expended in organisation a sum which he thought they would agree with him was very small for expenses and that was four guineas; Certain moness had been paid to Mr. Ansell during his siekness and that left that day a nett sum of £9B 143. 3d. (Loud ap- plause.) Mr. R. Davies had given half a sovereign when the otject was mentioned incidentally, and Mr. Carson had intimated that be would make the sum up to £lOO. Altogether there was a gross sum of £lO5 Bs. 3d. and a nett sum of £lOl 4a, 31. as the actual proceeds of the subscription or "draw." (applause.) OF that sum Mr. Ansell had already received a certain amount, and that day there would be handed over to him £93 18s. 31 The speaker added that as Mr. Ansell had not the use of his arms he hadlprevailed upon Mr.P. Birchall to receive the money on his behalf and requested him to may a few words in reply to the gift. They all hoped that Mr. Ansell would succeed in the work he was going to take in his native town of Birmingham. They wished him, his wile and children "God speed and good luck" Mr. Pierpoint then presented to Mr. Bimini!' the amount of the gift he had mentioned. Mr. BIRCHALL in replying, said he felt himself placed in a semewhat awkward, though pleasant position and that was to express the thanks of a man whom he had known for a few years and who had always conducted i himself in a creditable way. One characteristic of Edward Ansell was that talking was not his strong point. The speaker thanked Mr. Pierpoint for his able address and the wiredrawers of Warrington and all who had helped towards the subscription for that noble pur- pose. He felt honoured in taking part in the meeting that night because it was expressing the significant fact that there Was more practical benevolence getting abroad in the world. He did not think that sort of thing would have taken place 30 years ago and there was more practical Christianity even though it might be outside the churches perhaps. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that cases like that and the men who performed them were akin to the good Samaritan ' • it was the same spirit which actuated the men who had got op that presentation to help the brother who had " fallen by the way." Such practical sympathy was very pleas- ant and the speaker never telt more proud of the wire- drawers of Warrington than he felt when he knew what was going on in the matter. (Applause ) Mr. Pierpoint had done a kindly thing in coming done from London on that occasion. (Applause.) He thanked the Chairman and them all on behalf of Edward Ansell for the gift they had given him. Mr. W. Iladm proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Pier- point and Mr. J. CROWTHER seconded, the motion being carried unanimously.—ln reply Mr. PIERPOINT thanked the singers and accompanists for their help. He also tendered thanks to Mr. Pearson for supplying the piano and to Mr. Andrews of Padgate for the loan of the beautiful plants with which the platform was adorned. The proceedings then ,erminated.

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS. 111.56' BEAUTIFUL TEETH for nll who use daily on the tooth 6..1i a few drops ot SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentitme ils the World. Cleanses the teeth-and. spaces Petween them as nothing else will. Sound and pe.trly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. 2s. 64

Cum _ ~,iver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sack Headaelfts promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. Chemists Is. lid.

LIVER Ssmmaialll 1111011,.e. ~,,,,YEMTER3 Small Pnce. ITIIE For, v 111 IVER vial. FIL Z Purely Vegt ,a 4 table. Iro Torpid I•

===== 0002601_18950511_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

CYCLING.

So far the cycling season has been all that could be desired and as a cons,qm-nce the Saturday turnouts have been large. On Saturday last the home wheelers travelled to Siddington for the inter-club run with the Manchester Wheelers C.C. On j-iining together there was an imposing show for the Manchestrians "put in the field "more than as many as their friends. Glorious weather obtained and on reaching Siddington, a football match which had been looked forward to with pleasant feelings, was indulged in, the Warrington team being captained by Barber, the Warrington threequarter. As might be expected the Warringtonians had the best of it and eventually came off victors by 4 tries to nil, the scorers being Barber 2, Scott and Maguire one each. After partaking of an excellent tea the combined clubs went for a stroll round the mere, following which all proceeded to Knutstord where a smoking concert was held at the " Red Gew." Mr. Grime, uf the Wheelers, presided, and the excellent programme submitted was evidently appreciated by the cyclists. A start for home was made about tea o'clock, and the two clubs parted company at Mere amidst cheering and sounding of bells, whistles, &c: On Tuesday night the opening evening run took place, the destination being Hollins Green. Magnificent weather prevailed, and a large number of members took part in the run. •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

It is only a fortnight since the botball season closed. and yet cricket is in full swing, and it is astonishing to witness the large amount of clubs of greater or lesser importance, which havesprung up in the district. There are far more junior cricketers than footballers, and on every bit of waste ground about the town, the youthful Graces and Shrewsburys are to be seen.

The Warrington Cricket Club have made a wretched start in their fixtures, for they have already had two crushing defeats at the bands of Sefton and Preston re- spectively,and the latter, though not quite so decisive as the former,is the worst of the two because the thrashin4 was done at the Arpley enclosure. This is very dis- couraging, and does not give much hope of a victory over the powerful Manchester club. Warrington, how- ever, generally rises to the occasion when meeting Man- chester,and perhaps they will do so to-day. At any rate let us hope so.

--- The victory of Preston was largely due tc Jimmy 'toss, the well known association football player, who has been with the Liverpool club during the recent foot- ball season, but is better known in connection with Preston North End. Although he is a professional foot- baller, he is an amateur cricketer, and it is not impro- bable that he will be seen with the Lancashire county team during the present season. At the match on Saturday, he commenced very shakily, but he soon began to lay about him, and knocked up 42 in a very short time. With this exception, Preston were no better than Warrington. Only two Warrington men reached double figures, ' namely Bibby with 12, and Callon with 10 • while there were four "ducks." Roberts was chiefly responsible for the wholesale downfall of the Warnngton wickets, for he took seven wickets for only 18 runs, there being an average of less than a run per over taken off him. With him in such form it is hot surprising that Warring- ton only made 48. Of the five Warrington bowlers, Bates and Smith were the most successful. The skipper took three for 25, and the pro. floe for 25. Bates had been very unlucky in the first part of the innings and could not get a wicket. After a brief rest however, he resumed and then took five wickets for nine runs.

Warrington second eleven visited Go!borne, and more successful than their seniors, they made a draw of it, rather in favour of Goiborne. The last Golborne wicket was the most stubborn of the lot for no fewer than 26 were realised by it, otherwise Warrington would most probably have won. Tl,e visitors' fielding was every- thing that could be desired, and Duckworth and Cromp- ton were very successful with the ball.

The Sankey Weslevans always enjoy their fixture with the Windsor Wesleyans,for they are always certain of having a good time of it in every way. They were rather surprised last year when they were beaten, and they had the satisfaction this year of turning the tables upon their hosts. The Windsor Wesleyans have engaged the Liverpool Old Buys ground, and a capital cricket ground it makes. At the match on Saturday, Sankey Bridges batted first, and considering the bad start they made they were very fortunate in making 62, the chief contributors being Peers 20, and Beaman and Booth, 11 each. The match seemed a certainty for the home team when they had made 50 For the wickets, but strange to say, the last five fell for never a run. Beaman and Watkins were in fine form with the ball, the former taking five wickets for 16, and the latter five for 15.

After the match, the teams adjourned tothe Aigburth- street mission where the Win dsor people performed the duty of hosts with very great success, and a most enjoy- able musical evening was afterwards held. This match is looked forward to every year by both teams, and the return will be equally welcome. The Sankey Wire Mills with a weak team were by far the better of Belsby although operating away from home, and got the victory by atm lst two to one. Wood- cock was in rare form, and going in after the fall of the first wicket he proved superior to all comers,and carried his bat out for 50. This was not gained by fluky play, but by excellent cricket, and he actually scored twice as many as all the rest of the mill men put together. Mar- shall was the Most destructive bowler, and tie took five wickets, Evans coming next with three.

The match between the einploye of Peter Walker and Sens at Warrington and Ch-s'er was chiefly remarkable tor the quantity of ducks." In fact there were no fewer than eight of this species of fowl on the Chester side alone, and there must have been more time spent in walking to and from the wickets than in the innings itself. The Chester men would do well to practise alittle batting before the return match. A like remark would also apply to Moore and St. Ann's, for at a match between these two on Saturday,there were ten who could not raise a run between them.

It would be a good thing, seeing that there are so many clubs in the town, if some kind of competition were arranged, similar to the junior football teams. It would cause a great amount of intorest, and would tend to cause a feeling of healthy rivalry between the various clubs, as well as bringing out to more conspicuous notice sonic tif the promising young cricketers. There was some talk about this matter a year or two ago, but the thing did not "catch on," arid it is rather unfortunate that there does not seem to Ll•-?, any better prospect at the present time.

FOOTISA LL.

Football has now to take back seat, but there are still many matters of inter...lt going on in connection with it. It was at one Om, feared that there was going to be serious trouble betw. 1-II the clubs in the senoir competition and the Lanca.iitre County Committee, but at a meeting on Tuesday ek..•ning, the matter was ami- cably settled, and the corn I,etition will be proceeded with after all. As is well kn x•i,there will be an increase of two clubs in the league ri •ict year,and as the football season is reduced in length (~. one muith,the competition will be of a much Moro exac-ing nature than previously.

LUXURIANT HAIR, with a clean, wholescme scalp, free from irritating and scab; eruptions, is produced by CIITICURA SOAP, the most r•ffective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as purest and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery. It clears the scalp and hair of crusts, seals, aiel dandruff, destroys micros- copic insects which fed on the hair, soothes irritated and itching surfaces, stimolstes the hair follicles, and supplies the roots with energy and nourishment. For the prevention of facial blemishes, for giving a brilli- ancy and freshness to the complexion, as well as for cleansing the scalp and invigorating the hair,it is with- out a peer. When the Rev. Urijah Thomas. the chairman of the Congregational Union rose on Tuesday evening in the 'City Temple to deliver his address, there were few va- rant seats in the large building, and before he had ' finished there was not standing room. Mr. Thomas managed to make himself well heard nearly the whole of the time he was speaking, and he was frequently inter- ' rupted by vigorous applause. His subject was " Brotherhood," the cry for which, he said, was one of the clearest of the age. A volowing appeal to his hearers to cultivate the " gathering sense of brotherliness" closed an elevating and inspiriting address. Nest in ' importance only to the address of the chairman of the Union was the presentation of the testimonial to Dr. ' Guinness Rogers at the Memorial Hall on Tuesday after- noon. There Was a crowded attendance, presided over ' by Mr. Albert Spicer, M.P., who made one of his char- acteristically felicitous speeches. Succeeding speakers earnestly piled on compliments, till Dr. Rogers seemed quite overwhelmed when his turn came to acknowledge them. While this interesting ceremony was taking place, the ladies of the London Missionary Society were holding an immenFely successful 'meeting, in Westmins- ter Chapel, with Mr.flugh Matheson in the chair.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirehlldrm wh'le teething with perfect socc.ss. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediAtely. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep. by relieving he ehild from pain. and the iittl‘l cherub awakes "as 'right as a button " Of all Chemists, is. per bottle.—Advt.

The Carlisle Conservatives announce their intention to oppose Mr. Gully (the speaker) at the general election. and Mr. Akers-Douglas, the Conservative Whip, save there is " no reason, bagel either on precedent or on the particular circumstances of the present Speaker's election," which should prevent them from carrying out their threat.

In washing, MATC'HLESS CLEANSER is a perfect treasure, saves work and time, to -,,se ft is a pleasure.-- 'far.

lEPP9'S COOO4.—GNATREUL AND COMFORTING. "By a thorough knowledge of the natur 4 laws which govern the operatloos o; digestion and nutrtion, and by a careful appli- cation of the fine properties of wejl,elecrea corma, Mr. Epps ha, pr. .v:ded for our breakfast and super a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many h avy doctors bills. It is by the judicious use ot sucu articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough te :esist rvery tenden::y t , disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by ket” ing ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—Cird S r ice Gazette,— Made simply with boiling water or m lk. —rold only in packets. by Grocers, laleelleti—" JAMES hPP9 34 t 0., Ltd., . i omi:ea:noble Chm,d,ts, dondoo."—Also Makers oi Epps's Coco me or Cocoa-Nit Nxtract : Tea-like : A thin beverage of full flavour, now with ITl4llv beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active princi.,le b-ing a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the neede 1 energy without unduly exciting the system '—Advt.

CADBURYS' COCOA.—" A suitable food alike for building up the growing body, and for repairing the waste which is incidental to ali processes of life."—•• Health."

3 MAICHLINS CLHANSER has swept away Athousand worries of Washing Day.—ADVT.

TOBACOONNTS eo,nrnenclug " 1114. g mid. (2 9 pawn) 3cl TOI34CCONfiTs. CO —lB6, fisiston-toad,London. m wager. Hr. VI IfF:R9 Hit 1866.

6ovlgitioßN EONS ?OR SKIN ERUPTIONb To Cure Eczema, ,ikin Eru!lions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use CCTLI,WICK'S §KtN nni BLOOD TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION. Either Omtment or Tablets, 16.14,1., from all Chemists ; post free Is. 31.. from MARTIN, Chemist, Southampton. Agents BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Warringtmi. { SPEAKMAN 27. Bridge-st., Runcorn.

/-1 JONSUM PTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

will demonstrate to the whole world. and to sufferers from these unfortu.tate maladies, how they can An per- manently cured, by an entirely .N.-w Method of irtAtitnaent, without the chance of failure. Wr.to with full confidence to Mr. WiLttiote. U, Sur,ood Place. N rtolk Crescent. London. He will send you tull particulars fre, of all char.

OU It LOCA L CHU ItCHEZ,- W A IMO WION.,

w4-7-_- OCKATO 0 , ,--;„,, i N't-rS OAR ,ce

" The most marvellone soap of the g e for Laundry. Bath, Toilet. Disintectq rapidly, Antiseptic Non-injurious. washes wit tont rubtiing or laho,ir. Saves blueinz. Cures Rhe imatism. Refreshei the kln. Wholesale %gents in Warrineton, N.B. P'RCIV tT, end Co. Sole Maser, IP. L. Bella/MT Reyns am, Bristol."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ahem

No'rEs ON GAMES AND

===== 0002601_18950511_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A.

On Sunday afternoon the chair at the 'usual meeting of the a hove was taken by Mr. J. Haley and the speaker was Mr. W. E laini of Manchester. The latter gentle- man gave an address on " Practical Christianity "and an admirably played trombone solo entitled"Honnur and Arms " was rendered by Mr. Smith Messrs. Hickman and D. Owen took part in the meeting at which there- was a fair attendance. BEWSEL-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The annual sernone in connection with the above church were held on Sunday, when the preacher in the morning and evening was the Rev. F. C. Haime, who was formerly a very prominent minister in the Warring- ton circuit. There were excellent congregations at each service, and Mr.Hnime preached two excellent sermons. At the morning service the choir sane the anthem "Come unto Me ye weary," the solo parts being taken by Miss Kent and Mr. ATM's Bennett, and in the evening Mr. A. Baker excellently rendered the solo " If with all your hearts," and the choir also gave "The raiiant morn has passed awac." In the afternoon a special service was ' held at which Mr. T. Fairhurst, of Altrincham,presided, and a number of mucical selecti-ns were ably rendered by the choir and children of Silvcr-st. Sunday sliool. Mr.B. adsworth presided at the organ during the day, and the hand from the People's services, Bold-at. Wes- leyan Church, was also present, under the conductorship of Mr. Ferellehary. The anniversiry services werecon- tinued on Monday. when a musical service was held in the church, under the presidency of Mr. J. Toft. The Bold-sr., band gave several selections, and solos, duets, Sze ,were given by Miss KAnt,and Messrs.Cortiett, Allen, Raker, and Lowe. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Toft, on the motion nf Coun- cillor J.Shaw Green, seconded by Mr. Hayward. The organist at the service was Mr. B. Wadsworth ; the conductor, Mr. Pondlebury ; and the leader,Mr.A Bates.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
"IS WAR A NECESSARY EVIL ?"

ADDRESS BY A LADY MINIS FEE.

On Sunday evening at the Friends' Meeting House, Buttarmarket-street, Miss Ellen Robinson, a minister of the Society of Friends, gave an address on the subject "Is war a nece,sary evil ? " She said when we called upon men to give up the heathen and barbarous practices of war we were preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ and endeavnuring to apply the speaking and teaching of the Lead to the ethics of our life here on earth. If the Christian Ckurch had even followed the example uf the early Christians we should not he where we are now in the present position of the worl,l. There should not be great nations calling themselves Christian and claiming to be followers of the Lord, and tee,' acting as heathens and barbarians in then- c..nduct towards one another. The speaker said that neatdv every Christian Church in the land had at one time or another passed a resolutioteat their meetings as congregational bodies, in favour of arbitration as a means of settling disputes between nation,,, instead or war. They were glad that there was such a growing recognition—more than most people had any idea of— if the terrible anomaly of war in a Christian land. War was a living lie in a Christian land, and they deeply lamented that there was else a growth and activity, &pressing forward of great military proposals and an advance on the question of militarism as well :as on the aide of peace. They wriuld heed that in our own country whilst there had been this growth in the peace question there had also been, in late years, great growth in the cause of militarism and we never before spent in peace time so much on our armaments. Never had such enormous sums been laid out in prepar- ation for war: hewer were there so many armed men on the continent of Eurepe as at the present time ; there were millions and millions of meu trained to the 1393 of arms and rips to destroy one anbther sheuld war break out in Europe. Alluding to the military training of some Sunday school children, Miss Robinson remarked what a terrible confusion it was between the ideas of spiritual warfare And the outside warfare which was the exact opposite of the spiritual, and one wondered how the children could learn to distinguish at all between such wide apart teachings. Ti) her mind this was one of the saddest features Of the military movement—this training of children before they were old enough to think for themselves. She had seen these military or- ganisations at their annual meetings, and heard many things said which were quite right, and then she had seen the lads brought in in semi-militaly dress with weapons and going through all sorts of military move- ments This was done under the sanction of the Sunday school, and the same lips that taught them to love their enemies taught them that it was right for them to kill, and tester and destroy. ()Their food for reflection was the great number of wars that were being continually car- ried on against the weaker races of the earth. We were not just towards the weak, and there was no standard of international justice, and because we were not just we were afraid to be weak. The speaker wished tier audience to -realise that it was not an abstract question but a burning and pressing mestion of this day and hour. Referring to the query "Is were necessary evil," Miss Robinson declared it was not, and she produced many quotations and arguments in support of her statement. War was an evil not only in the sense of suffering but in the moral wrong doing. What was to prevent them ektahlishinz a es-stem of justice between nations such as existed betwe( n ',- valuate in our own country. At the end f the 19 ti Christian century we knew of no better way ha sett mat; disputes than to come to blows. le was a she ine on the world, on humanity-,nn ciyilization,and on the Christian- ity of the world that arbitration did not obta.!n before this. Wars were idiotic ; they did not settle disputes ex- cept for • a moment, and then the old flames broke out again And again. Toe speaker earnestly desired that all,as individualtamight feel their responsibility in the matter. Throughout the address, which Miss Robinson delivered with great impressiveness and faith, the audience mani- fested the deepest interest, and time words of the speaker I had in many cases evidently "fallen upon good ground."

Pale-faced children show thaT thee are not getting wu t they ought tO get. from fod. They need Scott's lirou'sion to enrich their blood. give their syst-ms strength, :Ind start the, on the road to a 12,,althy growth NeArly all children need such a fool as Scott's Umulston while they are growing. it preve, ts rickets, mammas, and other diseases. (8)

At the Liv. rpool Assizes on Wednesday Mr. Justice Hawkins sentenced William Brown., described in thn calendar as a Baptist minister, to seven years' penal servitude for bigamy. Browne had gone through the ceremony of marriage with two wonvm whilst his lawful wife was still alive, and his Lordship in passim: sentence said that the prisoner's crimes had been as grave as grave could he.

Everybody wonder how tho Pearann Pottery Company Hanley. cast tell 100 pieces of cmc,ery for one guinea. '2l Ist Get it post curd at once, mitt send for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes .5‘ ctc. Jvrytodv pleasurably surprised. All for one iminea. if yeti wish to save mouey, write to the PRARION' Porraiir Co., Hanley. for partieulare. —444,

An explorar in Guatemala reports the discovery, in an ancient ructind in that country, of many small. jars. each containin,T the milting of a little finger from the human hand. It id supposed to h.tve been the cuetmn of m.iurners in some prehistoric race to make this acri lice.

,

===== 0002601_18950511_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
;;;" . •

•.........

I

===== 0002601_18950511_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Cyamtner " Otrut

PIiBPAID ADVEUTISBNLENTS. tuning under the following heads nre inserted In ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Ofill CIiANGB, as per scale given b-low. SITUATUNNS WARTED. A.PARYKENTB TO BE LET. SITIJATWNS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WA. ED. APARTMENTSW ANTED, MONEY WARTED. I veRCITIC ARTICLP:S FOR SALE SY rely.wre CONTRACT. MISCELLANEOUS W ANTS. MOUSES LIM OTHER PREMISES ro BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Nix Words Week. Weees. Weeks. 18 .. Os 6d ... ls 3d ... 2s Od 27 O. 9d ... Is 104 ... 3s Od 36 ............. ls Od ... 2s 64 ... 4.04 45 ls 34 ... 3s Id ... 5s Od 64 he above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit nader 2e. per insertion.

ninntstit OtrtiantsS, Brt. _—_,

,CIBNIMAL WANTHID age 17 to 19. references. bias. 244 Brunswick-at.. Orford Road. Manchester.

ANTED, co.ble Genera' .I.IsINVA •T, about 30, good character. HAMILTON 46, Church-lane, Shipley. —ANTIV Addl

IBD 4111Niikt1L, glod ; wages £l6 to £22. dress BBENTWOoD. Ashton Lane, .Alston-on-Meraey,, Man-

WANTED, respectable GIz.NRRAL SERVANT. able to wash and iioll, 18 to 20.-223, MOSTON-ROAD, Uccle!, Manchtster

110IISEMAID-WAIIRESS WANIED, second week May, about 22. mall Uanilv.—Address Mn. BAINES. 29. Weld-road. Birket.le, Southport.

WANTED. two Gen al SEE v ANTS for Farmhouse. oue knowledge of cheese and butter making.—Mrs. LtL- Pyrehill. Stone. staff

LIERTON,

WANTRD LAUND OLI elf .AID. for small family : no shirts ; state all wticulars. Mn. DAVEN- PORT. Marland. Roendale

- ---- QITIIKTION WAN rxr) as General Servant ; strona. coun- A 3 try , now livlng near Warrington. Mrs. Comm, Office. Gloucester.

ifegist;y:

WANTED Ga SitKVANT (go,d); ais,e to esx)ic and vist.h ; three in family ; nurse kept.—lidus. Scao- --11), Oakfle Alderlm Foie.

FIELD,

CIENERAL 9i4etVANTS (two good) WANTHE), as cook and housern lid waitress ; to wash and iron.— Apply bins. Rosa Koutsf..rd. Cheshire.

WAP TB 0. re-ipootabie IR UV A NT. as General, small family, ref .rence r,qulr.4l.—Apply Mrs. CARTER. 280, Wonky-road Swinton. Mitnell

1001(6, iv IA ALS,a,el o .ng Girls can have situations at once 31us, have Atod teterences.--Stra, BATES, 59, 2EIIOOI-TOO, SAIS.

WANTED Cook. General. M maise id, and Kitchenmaid• Ref, r nce mu-st ac•ornpany app'ications, state wages. —Ma. WOOD, The Brooldaltos, Llandr nd,at.

A.N't 1). a cln.n SbitvANr, age 16 or 17 family Iwo. AeAreas, vit hreterene-a. U.. Higher Calf Barnob ts w k

WASTBD. Cooks, Ostlersle, Nursemaids and Young Girls, characters require Mrs. A.9IIIWOUTE, 39, Walmersley-road. Bury, Lancashire.

GOOD GBNBRAL. IL thiemaid. Barmaid sad Girl .• 16 diseogag ; ailea eye wi,h same. Btamp.—Mre. ALLEN'S NeirStry, Nailb, Wellington. ,aloie.

WANTED a GOOD GENKRAL SERVANT; one whacan wash ,nd ; liberal wages giveti.—Apply J. RSFIELD.: fo.o Brid/e, Barnolds

RICIERA.L Wanted immediately. respeCtab'e GIRL. able t, cook an .1 a tittle warhing. Doctor's family. Good wages, character .equired.—Apply Mrs. FULLER, Cheswar- dine, Market Ittray ton.

WANTED, neat I-lOUs HMAID-WA I f ; about 24 ; can't b-- clean, active, and a Churchwoman.-- It driress age, wagea. rwerene ,a for cluraAer.-14. Victoria-road, Waterllo. Liverpool.

JADIBS requiring higleclaaß SBRVANTS a all kindsmar I be mitt at. nitsB HUDSuN.B Regb,,ry Office. Irlam-at Warrington. t ooks„ Hulaemaid , and Parlourmaids await- ing engage uenta. Good re;erences.

-11- ALB and FEMALE NURSES IN -TITUTIOV. TO. Hope- _ol street. Live, pool. —Kitabl shed 1878--For reliable A tendants Mental. Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage. apply or telegr ph.--•• urses," ; iverpool. Telephone 670.

ADY AGENTS. ULEKKS, TYPE WRITERS. BAH - L MAIDS DfIMITCS, LADY HELPS AND LADIES of every diseription (mart et or situle) wanted immediately to send Large ‘2.t.) stamped Directed Isnvelope for particu- lars also II u•t,ated Medical Guid& sent free.--Ins: NEW IOR DRU(4 r4.II(PA NY. - Read ng.

Co be Let.

-- 11iNKBTH, CITTAGES, 2e, Bd. per week.

WINWICK ROAD. Oliver-street, (food LODGING HOU, V.. reamed to es.

UNION STItEh'T, SMALL WOItKS in centre of town.

Apply, ROBERT L. rivE, E.tte Agent, Market Gate Chamber 3 Warringtm. T leohone—No. 55. GOOD OFFICES TO LL T in central position in Warring- ton.—Apply ** X " , 17, MILL-STREET; Warrington. 910 L

•od WONKdHOP, Orford-sc.—Apply ASHTON and Woos iontlitars. Horpema,l, et -et.. Warrinaton.

iitausEs, EAG. 'UT and STAFFORD TERRACE, compus -.4 of four bedrooms, tw, BRA iug.rooms,kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also Sun nyttide stockton Heath. .very c,nvenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasmit avect ;rent £l9 Ws. Appiy Boszons,W lidera- Warrington.

FllO LET. -To 4(00d HOUSES. Oftakell-street. Warring- ton, rent 4. 64. per week.—Two HOUSES to let. Halifax-street, Warrington, rent 3,6 d. per week.—Cali at WORKSIOPI an WARRHOUSIC in centre of Warrington, with Engine Boiler, /cc- rent inoderate.-- o.al STABLING -Central for two horsea. Particulars, THOMAS CIOWDI,LL. Scotland-roar' Chanibera Warringt

T LANDUDNO.—Superior comfortable APARTMENIS ; pleasantly sitnnted; 2miu. sea; moderate.—Mrs. BEVINGTON, Bryn Seiriol.

BDLACKPOOL.—CLAREMONT, 13 and 14 Lansdowne Cr,scent, Claremont Park. Tariff on application.— It. H. MairnoTT, proprietor.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Aaanteb.

WANTRD, Sr.fferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. .1. ASENVoIiTH, Buxton.

Chorley. NVAR MEnALS WA.NTICF,,Fted F 343 oresrlier, sovereign each given. more for r‘rer varieties.—MAJOß Torans, DroitwiCh.

. I 10BACCON I bl:b ALM those eommencing snould call or send fol our Price List. Competition deed.—Goipssaa'a, Paradise-et. Liverpool. Established 1850. PERSONS wishing to increase their income cnd who cal on honseholdr‘rs, an hear of a good commission Address C. FL "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

• OThiCCJINISTS commencing. Li'd, Guld (259 paps) 3d. —TonAccoxisTs' Co., 186, Boston-reek Lot;doti. Shop-fitters t s.I trades.- Maniger, Hy. MYER', hat. 1866;

AGSNIS WAN l`g D. - mev easily made in spare time. eat ag,mcy g lag. Partioumrs tree, also Pnoket Rubber Stamp of your name and addreas.—L. UICHFOID, Snow-hill. Lond. n.

_ WANTED,—To pnrcheseur exchange Household FUHNI TUNE of every de cription. in large or small quanti- ties ; sewing and wringing mschines. Hest prices given Piompt cash—Apply JONES, furniture dealer, Market-it. Earlestoyri.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACK SYSTEM.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM.

SAVEs 50 PSII CSNT. IN GAS.

S"" 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

TDB 1.100. r PhIRFIGCT SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EIGHTH TEL COST. SIX VALID ItHASONS For its Adoption. 1. It *ayes half your gss bill. 2. It gives von treble the present light,. 3. It can be attaahed to existing gas fittings. 4. The ligh is clew, cool, steady. and brilliant. 5. It does sway with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple. and economical.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Extrnet trom the Report of

Prof. CARLTON LAMBRILT, M.A., P.R.A.S. "The Weisbach Light is nearly selren times as efficient in mmit'mc effect a ur ii•tary g-ss burners, awl more than four times as efßeient as an • Argand.'

Professor MAX MULLER writes 7, loshan-1 Gardens, Oxford, Februarrlo, 189$. "Profe.sor Max Muller has much pleasure In stat- ing that be iindt one Ineand seen Burn,r gists enough light in his library where he formerly ne qui ed three burners, and if th pressure of gas was lowa lamp as well. In hi. drawing-room two bursters give a spleuaid light. He has also an Incandescent Burner In the hall which is most satisfactory. His gas bill last qusrter, w.th these four burners use, was £1 2s less th an the same quarter last year, though the puce of gas ,s higher."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FOE

PRIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS, HOTELS, OFFICES, and PUBLIC BUILDINGS.

Prices and tull particulars on application to the foilov.ing Agents. WARRING TON : CALDWBLLS, LIMiTED, 60, Horsemarket-street. EARLES TOWN : MI,. E. NERDHAM, Sr. ELENS : R. G. BROOK, WolverharnptOn House. RUNCORN: H. BRANCH, 109, Greenway-road. WIDNES : ii.BRASCII. Central Hetet.

- .

'

. , , = -

===== 0002601_18950511_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
pool,

Capartmtnts, furnlslgl3 liottgeO, Su.

(.11 OUTH PORT.—Apartments for week end -ot:Otherwise ; terms moolerate. LILLEY, 89. Duke-street.

BLACKPOOL: South Shore.—Apartmeu ts or board: sea view; terms mo,erate.—MlSS REDFORD, Wellington- road.

14LACKPOOL.—Corniortable APARTBIHNTS, with or wi bout lsotrd ; remonftble charges; BROADBENT, Belmont House. 19, Hull-road.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
eggo, Vottitrp, Sa.

T ANOBHANXINORCitS,first cross makes the best layers, 1.4 and grand Table Birds. 2s. doz.—Taostis Gu.L. Reeth, Yorkshire.

WHITE LIsH HORN SFITINO t 5, 25. ed., champion layers. large eggs. returned unfertile replaced.—PEACOCK Baos. Fulthorpe, Ferryhall.

ADY'S Long Gol4l G AD. very Payments taken. LA pretty devign, quite new, solid 50s. 9 carat gold a genuine offer for

===== 0002601_18950511_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
pUBE EGGS for haieWng. Prize strains. Plcinouth Rock., Silver Wyandorts, Orpinatons, and Minoreas. 2.6 d. per dozen.--J. POWNALL, Great Sankey.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
STAMP COLLECTORS.

Try our PACKET OF STAMPS; sure to give satistaction ; price Is. Id. by post. Wholesale and Retail Lists Free, Large Stodc A' Rarities on hand. W 4 13y r Old Foreign Stamps, loose or in boos, on envelopes o. oth e wise. Old Stamped Envelopes fought. THE MI-Err:xi, LIMP CO.,

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. Burning the_New Smokeless Fuel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES. entirely superseded. A self-beating iron for 5s • I Thousands, selling. Soup ill on apmoval. • . sHowiaming, , I 41, DEANSG ATE (opposite tram offiee)• I ' DALHA vi ENGINE KRING WORKS. iareat Scidgfrwater-staett, ttaforct-strett.

ROYLE'S

PATENTS.

Iv H. WOUSLEY, sole proprietor, The Panthinn; TV • Gaphorn, Manchester, cJose to Central Station. Established 1841. All Citv-roaA cars pass the door. id. in or out. Ingpre,ion invited.

_

WILLIAU LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES. TIPS, CHALK. WAFERo, CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD AcCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAUGHTS. Ac. MBRELLA AND WALKING iTICK IMANUFAOTIJ RE TO TEE :MADE.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
.

Ilottig.

r LANDUDNO. WASIIINGTON HOTBL. BAST 1.1 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts. moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end. terms 158.—8. Hum, Proprietor.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ATERY Handsome set (,f VASES, Payments taken. V hand-painted,th,apest in town S. 6D. for

===== 0002601_18950511_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
SGNID Post Card for Free Phtternb of high-class Dress anti Suiting Serges.— SERGE h UPPLY CO Eland

===== 0002601_18950511_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BRASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &c.—CHARLES H. HALL, 53 Paradisr-st., Liverpool.

(IN SALTS, 314.NURD WORK. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill. Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwiek -street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
1;400 STARR-BOWICIATT Appropriatiow on money ready : Interest free —Offers to J. BouvroN. auctioneer, Weethoug) ton. Bolton.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
1..) Q Al/GAINS IN IRISH AND SCOTCH TwEEps,surme,s AND COSTUMN CLOTHS. Write for patterns stating, y ur requirements to G. L. WATSON, Grosmont, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oalos Lip gturtton.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
btrptles, bassuirtteb,earrtageg,

THE reception given. to Her The Liberal Majesty's ministers at the Party. National Liberal Club on Wed- nesday evening appears to have been a very successful affair. There have been so many rumours of disunion in the Liberal party and of disagreements amongst ministers themselves that the gathering answered the double purpose of an exercise of genial hospitality by the members of the Club and of a convincing refutation of the baseless inventions of interested 'politicians. It was not an occasion for set speeches but for all that there was speaking of an interesting charac- ter. The PRIME MINISTER has not yet by any means, it seems, recovered his former physical vigour, yet his address on this occasion shows no signs of disencouragernent or of that impending break-up of the party which he leads, which has been so often prophesied. Last year at a similar' gathering he declared that he was prepared to carry on the government of the country with a majority of two if necessary. This year he prac- tically reiterates that declaration, and, what is more, he is evidently of the opinion that during the last twelve reonths the Liberal party has really gained rather than lost strength in all essen- tial particulars. He contends that it is a failing of the party to look too much at its own difficult ties while shutting its eyes to the difficulties of those opposed to it. As a matter of fact minis- ters have done well in the House of Commons. Mr. Metall' " pulverised "' Mr. CHAMBERLAIN in his speech on the Address; Mr. FOWLER by a splen- did and convincing speech completely thwarted an intrigue for the defeat of the Government on the Indian .cotton duties; Sir Edward GREY, as Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has fairly won, in distinction at all events,the epaulettes of a Cabinet Minister, while last but not least there has been the indefatigable and brilliant leader- ship of Sir William HARCOURT. Oa the other hand, looking at the front Opposition bench what was to he seen ? Certainly not a" union of hearts. The incidents in connection with the Speakership and the Leamington and other elections has shown quite clearly that the bond which holds the two sections of the Opposition is one of pure self-interest and of extreme frailty. For the time being the differ- ences between Mr. CHAMBERLAIN and his small band of followers and the Tapers and Tadpoles of the Tory party have been smoothed over, brit no- body expects that the truce will be of long dura- tion. The necessities of opposition and the eager ' desire to secure a majority at tho next election keep the" Unionists " in some sort of order, but once let that majority be gained it is almost in- evitable that, in the greedy scramble for office, the two sections will again be at loggerheads. On the whole, therefore: LORD ROSEBERY is amply justified in taking a favourable view of the future of the Liberal party as compared with that of the Unionists.

wMhoos rh, have e thehee upholding he ;tree rat: "lhe Cricketers' Return. tigo of the old country in Austra- lia have ariived in England this week, and have met with a thoroughly enthusiastic reception. The visit of this selected team to the Antipodes seems to have been in every respect an unqualified success. All of the players speak in.the warmest terms of the hospitality of the Colonials. Austra- lians, it would appear, are born cricketers, and nothing has struck the players from England so much as the number of "young hangs" that were fit to be placed in the field even in first-class matches. Australian spectators, too, are models of magnanimity. They applauded with great enthusiasm when their own men were scoring freely, but their applause was just as loud when STODDART or MACLAREN, BROWN or WARD were piling up their magnificent scores, or when the bowling of PEEL or RICIIARDSON was proving des- tructive. From a financial point of view the suc- cess of the tour has been remarkable. At the fins,: test match over four thousand pouil at the gate, and as the receipts on other occasions were in proportion it is not surprising to learn that the bodies who prcmoted the tour have made some thousands of pounds profit. It is said that steps are already being taken to arrange for a visit to England of an Australian team in 1896, and

Lds were tab

is certain that th, have been familia dially welcomed.

ko colonial cricketers whose names r as household words,will be cor-

A.

THE Budget which Sir WILLIAg The Budget ri ........ARCOURT submitted to the House of Commons last week contained nothing of a sensational or even of a controversial character. There was no proposal to impose ad- ditional taxation, nor, with the exception of the spirit duties, to remit any tax which had been previously paid. On the whole the statement of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQER was a satisfac- , tory one, though it would doubtless disapPoint I those who have been expecting some stroke ol finance in the direction of a "free breakfast table? The expenditure of the year has amounted to the extremely large sum of 93,918,000 but on thae other haLd the revenue has more than eovere, this by £766,000, a surplus which will go towaros the liquidation of the National Debt. The deao duties which were imposed last year have practie- ally realised the expectations that were based upon them. It was estimated tbat they would realise £1,000,000 and as a matter of fact the sum derived from them is 4973't On the other hand the extra duty which Was posed on spirits last year has failed to realise I"' the amount that was estimated. The additional beer tax which was also imposed last year h 85 beelei more fruitful of revenue having come withia few thousands of the estimate. Naturally,therefore, as the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER if; "de: Ithe necessity of retaining one or other of thesol two duties in order to meet the requirement44lo the coming year, he has decided to re-imPose,;. duty on beer and to remit that on spirits. di- obvious that a tax which does not bring in tional revenue is useless, and the ad: extra sP:r, • duty is a tax of that kind. The critics ef Government will doubtless fix upon the retenrt; of the beer duty in preference to the spirit as the vulnerable point of the budget, butob•- WILLIA3tHARCOURT in eflect anticipated the" -te jections. He holds that the brewers at all eveaii, have no cause of complaint. Statistics elth-e prove that their trade has not suffered fret° " prevailing depression, and the Inland Reveinill,o authorities are of opinion that the extra sUtPe-tLbe a barrel has been covered several times oer by great fall in the prices of raw material. Aal, the consumer, Sir WzLIJAm. contends that iiy has been no increase of price or decline a ciTi, through the imposition of the sixpennY uha Scattered throughout the budget speech telt; •! were many interesting items of information. regard, for instance, to the consumption of °Go alcoholic beverages, it appears that the use 0f • ,g is rapidly and that of cocoa steadily e%tendnof while there is a marked decrease in the asltetbe coffee. No less than eighty-six per cent. tea now used in England comes from I0gli5:11-3t Ceylon, whereas in 1864 the proportion `:,.bt came from these British possessions was onlY per cent. Clearly, in this case the "yelloll3tbe with the white money" is not dispossessing 0, " white man with the yellow money." The • et°te gumption of tabacco is also rapidly eNtendink se increase being three times as great as the increciao, of population. On the other side, there is a crease in the use of wine, and says the COASfis Lou of the EXCHEQUER, " the taste for bra°wde.. evidently on the decline." In the matter of ly posits in savi.gs banks there has been a singularear g rapid growth in the accounts since the 37.0 1891, but recently there had been a decrease tlaj the investments in building societies. The t.° g 6 banks, friendly societies, buildingsoeietj'aa' investments of the " humbler classes in salntio tri union, and kindred institutions is £240,296,000, showing an increase of sixty millions during the last ten year 8* 7 ilil these figures Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT "'II. draws the conclusion that " our social conditie': sound in its principles, and on the 'whole satiala tory in its results." GOOD TEMPLA,RY AT EARLEST" estiniated,, THE HOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE. The usually weekly session of the Pope of gariesrftice lodge of Good Templars was held in the Ce-OPeminer• Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening, Bro. CT., presided and there was a large attendance hers. One candidate was anmitted to inembelslnFlido digest of business' n for No. 1 °o mention, to be Hindley on Saturday was read by the SeCretarCo" : • report of the United Piemic Committee ova; d ' Bro. Barker, secretary, in which he taterl they lla cided to visit Frodsham the first Saturday in 3;unifilied' that arrangements were made to start a pie'n—igtio°' Bro. G. Clarke, E.S., moved the following res°thati,,c .1* " 'that tins lodge declares its strong .3onviction t Olt was neither just nor politic for the state to proterf; of- sinction any traffic or system which causes. erirnd the fering, and waste a National resources, and igded 30, opinion that no legislation is so earnestly nee eans measure providing the public with efficient to fOr protection from the liquor traffic, nor is there aVae• which the opinion of tile country is so ripe or 91* rd t° pared," Bro. Barker reconoed, and it was reso' f tee fora rd copies to the Prime Minister, Chanceilor,°,,ted, Excheq ier, and Mr. Legh. A petitio vv n as also anr ore' ir to be forwarded to the member for the division sHntation to the House of Commons, urging they,: mint to pass the liquor traffic local control 1:0;1;03 re; reports of the officers for the past quarter were b vrasf;: ceived. Bro. Barker •presented his report, wlnf sons an excellent character, showing 13 weekly cii..oce 0, ' the lodge having been held, the average alten,neoe boa members being 82. A number of open air Meeic'esafoli ' b en told during the quarter, and had been Several monthly entertainments had also he noted a recent t isit of the Glhesoe ' Sunshine Lodge. Referring to the Pe„r,ss,lng officers regalia, he considered they were , lodge a bright and pleasant appearance, wele ao t- encourage younger members of the lodge to take e•Rjeg been° bee trod °Off terest In the Order,and become useful officers. h61:1 Dee° e lon financial matters, he said the expenses .anfDeer:.. rather heavy, but they had bees necessary' lb:n e ce; of the lodge did not wish toecourage extravag' gon n believed if the lodge was to be successful 'ur, tlylree 110 have to be no show of meanness in expendl •tionlcl n the number of members for the past quarter walla •,f was 157, and they had now 165. Bro. J• F.S. submitted the statement of accountS satisfactory balance after meeting all Marshall also reported on the state of the lodge P_r2oiic eri Bro. E. Newman, S.J.T., gave an interesting r7;ergliiP; ol the juvenile temple showing an increase of men:ports and the finances were also satisfactory. The,r„, ensuing the oflicers were adopted. The officers for tm,4ergeai-r quarter were then duly installed by fire. Q.„•P'l: -0,0• Roberts, H.D., Warrington, as follows :" T. Wilson, V.T. Sister E. Newman ; secrttartri„.o. Barker, F.S. Bro. J. H. Williamson; treasurer,,f3/eatonr: flolliday,.P.C.T. Bro. J. Miller,marshall, chap., tiro. J. Withington ; guard,Bro. tV• 'ti -e . wit 86:e 0 S. Bro. H. Crowther, D.W. Sister Willis.; assig_3s tarp, Sister R. Warburton. A short addreSs nodge hl` by Bro. Roberts, and Bro. Wilson thanked the 'CI. the tribute they had paid him, in electing tom neier THE EBENEZER LODGE. The usual weekly session •rftie EarlestO.it n rivespei'e Lodge was held in thero-oporative RA O.T. '1139r0. and was presides over by Bro J. TaYin?.,;,nds•; was a good attendance of members ann "log W. J. Taylor gave a report of the proposed ,he easUi,,re penance picnic, alter which the officers foer 0:;.g quarter were duly elected. Reports of th""tr 81070; then given. The secretary gave a goed 1 incresS„.;,,eo the lodge to be in a good condition with all_e the quarter, and he stated that the prograrT:.;', very good and of a benencial character. tv"_.. acto%..-; tendent of juveniles gave Ida report It was very tncouraging Showing an increan_ 81"ta'tncl and also in membership The superintend e ~s there oleo seal.!_incitilialZ., • - of na.,:lr,erovas

iumb;r of

after having taken (w. 180 juveniles. The installation of the etv"" were '4O procerded with and the usual eotninitte pointed, after which the Lodge Was closed 'n by Bro. W. Brown, c.T.

po'of.he Warrenliner 11 arrived at 00 whic ibi 08 iaornd .t were el as rogs rqi:uasultyi :Fri jouf r evod ttbeya t e as e 5 atee o sts Joe: tt 131) oroi ee rti on Saturday frin Boston, has been in co b„urdawn Iceberg. Hundreds of the clttle She hat - lat it was found necesbary to throw the'rojed,/

1 i ! i I 1 s 1 1 1 f 1 t i 1 ; I f i I I

1 • 4' P • „ • - 4'` • - • "

===== 0002601_18950511_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,

I

===== 0002601_18950511_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCiIRA' AND WIDNES.

ST. EDWARD'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. RUNCORN. & special service was held in this chub on Sunday evening in honour of the incoming of May. A proces- jell was formed, consisting of the school children, the children of Mary, the children of Saint Aloysius. and the Members of the League of the Cross. An address was delivered by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi. ST, PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. _At the weekly meeting of this class held in St. Faure morning chapel on Sunday, an address was de- livered by Mr. W - Vier*. was a large attendance. The musical portion orthe service WBS enhanced by a Vo entitled " Incline thine ear," which was given by Gewanlock with his usual ability. Mr. William vooke was the organist. RUNCORN BANKRUPTS. Tuesday night's.. Gaz,Ate "announced that a receiv- Pg order had been made against William Martin Wil- ' lama, licensed victualler, Runcorn. This will cause a Twacal. ncy " the Runcorn Urban Co.uncii ot which Mr. ,„,:lliams was a member, and sitt ng for Newton ward. tWith regfird to Samuel Peter Lewis, painter and decora- or, Runcorn, the same issue of the .% G.zette " stated ....that a first and final payment of 6 8-11 d, in the £ will lute Williams in his statement to the Official spceiver states that he is a plumber by trade. In ;19:vertaber, 1892, he took the Bridgewater Arms Hotel Zsbe.oitst7o ~ Runcorn, a tulip licensed house. The rent a 3. year, of which the landlords allowed him £2O 4 Ile paid nothing for goodwill hut was charged Sr annum for the use of the fixtures. He r-llight the loose utensils from the outgoing tenant at a rvawluation;(l , for about £1.2. Ile had no capital but bor- -1:1,..,30 from his late wife and £2O from friends. The That —Pt has not filed a deficiency account, but states unabtii.o! haVing kept proper books of account, he was it bad `,e exPlain his chffi,:iency, exc-pt by stating that bouseha;raost entirely arisen from the excess of his ruvrteti,de:.nd personal expenditure over his income. first became aware of his debta!incY laat Novemb“r. lie admits having contracted states that he only e'lLee that time but was hoping that trade would that tei' fie assets are disclosed, and the bankrupt states gold wellifee in furnished apartments now. tie sold his trian„:a..'ee and chain in January for £lB, and used the £lso-' Pay debts —the liabilities amount to over

I

I

PRRE,s, 11-0, r-ACONOMIC BUILDING SOCIF.TY, RUNCORN. whieh rectors of this society in t b..ir annual report hand • jost ben issued state th tt the balance in fund. lei. 9.i. after plao'ng £4 to the reserve 331 i sh:▪ he number of members is 155 and they hold 'fear, a„-,,reg• One appropriation was held during the di-"" tbiS was bought by the society. The follow- tire, but are eligible for re-election: g •J. J. Spealtrn in, G. Burrows, J. K. Digges and

Shorti! 141141 CORN FISHING SMACK SWAMPED. Rehin before 11 o'clock on Thursday morning, a cf glnL.l; g stnack belomting to Mr. Walter White, Robe-st., Runcorn and in charge of William and been 0- ""elf. of Granville-at., was sunk. After having ut Rine.° tetemin Wednesday midnight, the parties were to their landing plae at the Old Qaay when, tied o's" the strength of the current, the boat was car- et th-chlig.t,bre Btonewurk cinnected with the tidal opening kiccee4TP. Canal and went down. Those on board qpetiti,eu Is climbing upon the woodwork and thence the Erl'e ShiP Canal wall. They were els., able to save 3,1 taught and a number of articles. As wirIORTHCORING ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. tOltlmr, be seen from an advertisement in another l'ersa,;',"ne Primitive Methodist Sunday school ht anni- at Runcorn will be held on Sunday. The each v‘7l' at the morning and evening service will be the the Rs arn Wright, ot Nantwich, and in the a ternoon zrv• T. Braman, the pastor, ill w___ del yes an address. Bp,tiel',airWill ha taken by Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C. nifis are to be sung by the schwars and collec- the s I" be tak-n at each service In aid of the funds of achol uticlaY The RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB. .thie cl,Pt " ut the season in connection with 'eaded Was held on Monday evening and was well at- T. Dean occupied the chair. A i interest- -"a istnutle was submitted And Was much enkled. W • -eal rlz h, s Were Messrs. Parker, Worrell, Crowther, E IlDr, Rowley, Leathwood, Shingler, Parry ;asst.:ris A couple of (riartettes were well given by Morris,Oet Leathw 0(1, Shingler and Worrell, and attd i'nere Mealy rendeied by Messrs Evans and Parry, Was k;SS Irs• WOrrall ai,d Shingler. The accompanist '• George Bow er• 11,,„ Y „,Nr .ans WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. "alnedVu'et se.holari a,(eding this school were enter- rieriin tea by the officer; and teachers on Monday The follawine, ladies pres)ded at the tables : .„,""•158 powte, Mrs. Jacksoo,Miss Pilrim,Miss Austin and 0,4",,a• Among those present were : Rev. W. and ledlorgP, Mr. Pepe (superintendent), and Messrs. deliver'aand Yates (secretaries). Slort addresses were Rair,as b° the Rev. W. Georgeand ilr. Pop". Vari!-.11.= 14.8 Were afterwards indulged in, and a pleasant time °Peat.

The RUMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. "arnt• mild in connection with this institute visited on Friday far the purpose of giving a concert. ttequeerkwtal a targo attendance, and the audience by the tatleave aPplause testified their aopreci itinn of the ce;:itlrs of the hand. Mr. A. Eiornby Lewis occupied 41 the a-r•--On 'Fut-stiay evening the 14. t entert4itimentt hells" in connection with the S.-amen's Institute :`Stinp,.' When the programme was provided by t e 7nogt, —a' Church choir, Runcorn. A number of choruses, Tt1ad0.4411..(1 humorous aonirs were given. The soNiists nof,th '‘.4 Miss Foster, lairs. Booth, Mr. T. Wood. Mr. J. 42iss10 nalasters Razlehurst and Cooper. JWir. W. Shaw, 'I itt;44Yt. Presided, and there was a good attendance. •oh entert4inment was brought to a conclus- ' tile singing of "God save the Qoeen." The GOSPEL MISSION CHORCR, RUNCORN. 4,:huiversary services in cr.trinection wtrh this mis- On Sunday,when sermons were preached, ic and evening by my. w 'ilia m Boote, of Liver- were - moderate congregations at each ser- -I,"fhe Montitiv evening a service of song .Intiiled y'n•e e4aket of Floaters," was given by the chotr,under ,iletorship of Mr. Moorlield. Mr. .1. &ley, of iveyp'/Inc4l, presided, and Mr. T. Backliouge, also of ti-e9titi,;‘' gave the connective readings. The annual held on Tuesday evening under the prest- ,llo R. H. Post:lett. Mr. Marshall submitted eN.seal report and balance sheet, from which it ap- tS3 that the expenditure during the year was &IL:. oil, and ther: was a deficit on this ancount of '4O 'd• Add '.• red by Mrs.Harrop,of resses were e e,l "atrit.' Mists Bessie Dutt.m, of More ; Mr. nogg. of k‘'atisedl'.; and Mr. rioote, of Liverpool. The collections about £6

• di,!slaethi Tnie Y.P.S.C.E. MOVEMENT. th:al Ch„— 3,_ervice was held in the Bethesda Congrega- "sop' Chesti" -Yen on Sunday evening in connection with ~ i ,thi,steqati Endeavour Society. There was a large -he",teligie'"• The pastor, Rev. J. Simpson. go'3" on _et nad been of the Christian Endeavour Society and said , "lf;,'" away" asked tn preach on the sui j-ct in order to ..th' to 4,7. sonar. of the prejudices again-t tho movement, I,aatche,•' to awaken sympathy frr it. HA thought the eaus°rl this and the other side of the Atlantio would , e to thank the Christian Eadoayour movement hZtee.decZY in which the members were working. He thf4statm vt''' sneak on the pledge of membership which •as faith, with work as its outcome. During ittih'`herip,,l. 61°1's were sung by Miss Rogers, Miss 1,1 wmn. Miss E. Ainsworth, and Miss M. Heath- The lessiis were read by Mr. W. La.,;y, and Atirs..,,eYga" out the hymns. At ""•-nsia A . Alp ~,sAuc.r ON TEE POLICE AT RUNCORN. ;Ch. P• .1. iirn Police Court on Saturday morning, before Ar "ter °Prtien and Mr. E. Unison, a man hailin g from .11nk and lam Tacker, alhed k charged with being taith di_ tiht sasaett.sorderly on the previous nigh., and also The 1111 Z P.C. Wylie, whilst in the cam-cation of his th w 5 he stated that at 11.30 on Friday eventing pptin pr, 'lt3, in Hich-street when he heard disturb- •a4-'ner ht,"-strect. -flo went there and found that the been turned out of a I alging-h.m4e. UP viot,ritanq refused to give his name. Ile became l'''Perie'ineking witness on the leg. Much difficuPy oarf,„,,,need in getting him to the police wation.— tli,ks gave corroborative evi ience.—lnapector rnis°Ati "%e magistrates not to deal too severely with • Si. r the assault. The primer would no: have Ilee'cl• 1., thE' assault but for drink.—A. floe of ss. and ,ritig4ll eaPrAe was imposed for the first charge, and the .ho. ssed their surprise at the Inspector not press- ctel If he assault, seeing so many were cr. pping Itsi, stith„aa the maul would have heen committed to lies ON It the option of a fine. U3doe the circum- sak le Prisoner would be dismissed on the charge of Theeti... RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. 111,Mt1 in Zl3: PVenilE the monthly meethig of this Board trs rittharde Board room at the Town Hall, Runcocri. _l,__ occupied the chair and th-re were also et Or J.p.'wev...Canon Woad Dr. Mcp iugsll„ Mr. S. I !tail :1-001 •tCo and Mr. G. Moss (clerk). The minutes 40th ae(ai' t`ndance committee of moetilgs neld on ttaa'd h.,ferA •,,Oth stated that 69 per-ions were sum- adN'''°'"ertct dlatalle committee of whom 56 apparel. It tl5 be proceeded against. The visitors' r)r % that the total now on the register was 1%,?r• Thn 8 than in the correspandMv month ot last comp" age a.tteadance was 2,852, a decrease of .-,Thes„.ed with the corresdon,hrig p, rod of last laßt4tes, atos",. Can Wood moved the ad Iption of the tfiinlnettin " stated that a difficulty was raised at the ?r the com'inittee. The school attendance' --- committee the oefore the tit for the Y that the warrants court.—A liable for Lnd it was Sort given proposed it was os not yet 4 special

tilk, N-sll

,1%•r.111

le. COM, -... nefore the notice of tit ,_,..,. t ~...glat;," sAveral parents when snarl _,7m,`,..,1 fhlii4 ales did not attend. It WAS very nun ,allly 41 ? te, • • plßtlitra 45 4llYlhing. Hut he was glvd. to say kit.l4.t 419 had taken action, and 111411 a,,,,„ tillitt),3lo'l,(ll?arents who did m)t attend at xr3,- % ,431.0"xis,„1:sat.terwards ensued av to who wis 1 t,4o4l6,,,ohttl:tzu,ir rlreyd sihnnitsisidainb;ez tinhliweaornradnats;R.a?r, d'itallsf,,;elC,t Illeeting,—Witli regard to t,s "ttide,i tr3i ' the Wesleyan schools to the Boar t°4414 .Ikt 1n-is-much as arranizem•n's A:7' ihithih_ete, tlie 'flitter should be deferred ua..11 .11 t/ithe Beard to be bold next week.

RAND OF HOPE PICNIC. On Saturday afternoon the annual treat given to the members of the St. John's Presbyterian Band of Elope society took place. About 150 children and friends journeyed by train to Frodsham. An enjoyable time was spent on Overton Hills in games, racing, /cc., and during their sojourn on the hills tea was part .ken of. Gums' FRIENDLY SOCIETY, RUNCORN. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood conaucted an ad- mission service in St. Michael's Church, on Thursday evening in connection with the Runcorn branch of the above-mentioned society. The branch also embraces Weston Halton, and Aston, but the twenty candidates admitted all belonged to Runcorn. NARROW ESCAPE FRO/d DROWNING AT Rtuccoorr. A boy named William Farridy 3, Peel-st., had a narrow escape from drowning in the Bridgewater Canal on Sunday afternoon,between four and live o'clock. It appears he was playing with a small boat which he had placed upon the water, and in endeavouring to reach it he overbalanced himself and fell into the canal. The Incident was witnessed by two men, who were close at hand, and they immediately rescued the little fellow. He was taken home not much the worse for his immer- sion.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOIARSHIPS. At Greenway-road Board schools on Wednesday, an examination of scholars from elementary schools in Run- corn district for the twenty scholarship 4 offered by the County Council was held. There were 23 candidates ; seven boys and five girls from the Board schools ; six from Brunswick Wesleyan schools -, three from the National ; one from Hely Trinity, and one from Halton. The candidates were examined by a superintendent appointed by the City Council. The successful candi- dates will be entitled to free tuition at one of the schools specified by the Council, and books and travell- ing expenses will be paid for. THE •TECHNICAL INSTITUTR. . . .

A meeting of the sub-committee of the Technical In- struction Committee was held on Tuesday. Mr.Wiswa;l presided. The question as to, who should open the In- stitute was brought forward, and it was resolved tat Mr. Brunner be written to asking if he could undertak, the duty about the middle of June. The subjects to be taught at the Institute were under consideration. It was found that the grant from the County Council would permit of the following subjects being taught, and these were decided upon :—Freehand and model, geometry, building construction machine construction, physi- ography, applied mechanics, steam, French, shorthand, dress making, carpentry, and j)inery, alkali manufac- ture, soap manufacture, electricity and magnetism, sound, light, and heat, plumbing, astronomy, naviga- tion and shipbuilding, mathematics, theoretical mechan- ics, theoretical chemistry, elementary and advanced, iractical chemir cookery, and laundry work.

a..- CHARGE OF NEGLECTING TO MAINTAIN • WIFE. At the Runcorn Police Court on Thursday morning, William White, late of Runcorn, was brought up undPr a warrant charged with neglecting to maintain his wife who had become chargeable to the Union—Mr. Cooke, relieving officer, Runcorn, stated teat the prisoner's wife had received an order or Si. per week made upon the defendant wlso afterwards became charg,able to the Union. The prisoner went to Fleetwood where he found employment at the Chemical works. Be was brought from Fleetwood the previous day. The relief given amounted to Ms.—The prisoner promised to pay a por- tion of the money, and the other portion of the amount would be advanced, in all £1 19. 81., and on doing thi 3 the case was withdrawn.—At the same court Eleanor Wakefield was fined Si. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in High-street. THE CHAPLAIN OF THE MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN..

-- The committee of the Mersey Mission to Seamen, with tin approval of the Bishaps of Liverpool and Chester, have appointed the Rev. Edgar Lambert, M. A., of Pem- broke College. Cambridge, senior chaplin of the mission to succeed the Ven. Archdeacon Woosnam, who has recently accepted the living of St. Margaret's, Dunham Massey, Altrincham. Mr. Lambert is well-known to sailors throughout the world by his successful work for nine years as chaplain of the missions to seamen in Sun- derland, a post he vacated three years ago when he was appointed to the living of Heene, Worthing, by the Archbishop of Canterbury. This living he at present holds. Mr. Lambert is also well-known to university men, since he was president of the Cambridge boat in the year 1882. He is an ardent lover of sailers, and has shown himself an efficient organiser in work amongst them.

TEI-E-.REV. T. BRACHRNEDRY AND CHRISTIAN .UNITY.

The Rev. T. Brackenbury preaching in St. Paul's %Yes- levan Church,on Sunday evening, made reference to the proposed re-uni9n of the churches. He based his &s- -cours.. on the words, " What is the church ?" Matthew 16 c., 18 v. After referring to the many senses in which the word "church" was used, he proceeded to show what was the true church. He observed that Lord Halifax, the President of the English Church Union, had openly advocated the re-union of the English and Rom- ish Churches. He had recently been to Rome, and had returned elated with hope that this would be accom- plished. The Pope bad also sent a letter, not to the Roman Catholic churches, but to the people of England, in which he entreated them to return to the Roman Church. He and his people were praying to the saints and the Virgin Mary for their conversion. But they would rather not. Let Popery renounce its deadly errors and then they would have no objection to he united to it. They had already a true evangelical unity, not the unity of that of a policeman and a prisoner handcuffed together, but a unity like that of the ocean, the billows were distinct but the sea wAs one. The unity they had was the fusion of hearts, a oneness of affection • they were members If Christ, and therefore members o each otber.

. (

• (41 at „`, ttio;ge ..efo kid ot to '4 th 444ett , o,f he 111- th. ge„,

===== 0002601_18950511_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RIFLE CLUB.

The fourth gold ine-clal competition for 1895, took place on Saturday on Runcorn Heath, under Bisley regulation. The weather was beautifully line, but the light was changeable, and the wind was fairly strong. The following are the scores made at the distances named :

---- . 200 500 600 Rank tand Names. yds. yds. yds. Total Sergeant WH. Harvey 3l 31 28 8) „ W. Nield „ G. Joynson .. J. A. Rushton 3l 24 26 8 Private J. Houghton „ C. Garrett Sergeant D. Edwards Private S. I). Mattliaws 25 26 25 76 __ _ . __

........—. Sergeant W. Cooper 27 G 5 24 ii PrivAte dames Sadler Btnd-Sergt. J (Mena Private J. Edwards 0 lor-Sergt.d. Mort Private S. Johann .. G. G. Wren „ T. Bradbury 23 27 9 64 Bugler J. Mort Private J. P. Le Couteur ~ W. Outhwmte ' 26 13 15 54 ~ 8 Stübbs .. 'T. Chamberlain OVERLOADING A VESSEL AT RUNCORN. '

At the County Magistrates' Court, Liverpool, on Wednesday, before Ildessra. G. W.Goodison and J. Mack, John James, captain of the Blanche Riok, was sum- moned by the Board of Trade for . overloading that vessel at Runcorn, on the 28th March. Mr. Paxton, who appeared for the Board of Trade, said the vessel was usually engaged in the coasting trade, but in the present case she had taken on 13,)ard a cargo of salt for Leland. The vessel had left the dock and entered the tidal basin when she was observed by the Board's stir- veyer (Captain Jeffrey), who noticed that she was over- laden to the depth of four inches. The disc was below water. The attention of the master and managing owner was directed to the state of the steamer, when thirty-three tons of salt were drawn out of the vessel. She was then brought up to the mark, and allowed to go to sea. The prosecution was laid under section 442 el the Merchant Shipping Act.—Mr. Pedder submitted that the defendant was not responsible f,r the overloading. The regular master of the steamer held a coasting.certi- flcate.and in was necessary to engage Captain James for this voyage. There was no intention on the part of the owners or the defendant to overload the vessel, and as I soon as it was known that the vessel was overloaded the mistake was rectified.—The Bench, who did not think the owners would have allowed the vessel to go to sea, inflicted a small penalty of £5 and costs. POLICE CAsEs. _ _ .

On Wednesday morning- at Runcorn Police Court, I Felix McConn, was brought before !dr. T. Rigby (chair- man) and Mr. F. J. Norman. charged with being drunk and disorderly in Water-street, on the 17th July, 1894. The prisoner, who appeared with his shoulder dislocated, had been apprehended under a warrant fir tailing to appear in answer to a summons on the 23rd July. He now pleaded guilty.—P.C. Oregery statei that on the date named the prisoner was drunk and was fighting with his wife. They were both summoned, hut the prisoner did not appear. His wife did so and she was sent to gaol for fourteen days.—Superintendent Atherton said that the prisoner when in drink was a violent character. Br some means or other he had got his shoulder out,and he did not wish to press the case against him, lie had promised to be teetotal and to turn over a new leaf. In answer to the magistrates as to how he get his shoulder put out he said he did not know.—Superin- tendent Atherton said the prolasbility was that the pri- soner was stupidly drunk and had fallen. Ho had been locked up since Monday night and had been attended tc; by a doctor. On promising to sign the pledge he was discharged.—Three persons were apprehinded under a warrant for not appearing: at the Court on the previous Monday to answer a summons for neglecting to send their children regularly to school. The first prisoner dealt with was John liazley, Mill Brow, who stated that he was work- ing on Monday. and thought his wife would have at- tended. the Court to answer the summons.---Superinten- dent Atherton said the warrants were issued because People were not observing the order of the Justicpg. They seemed to make game of the whole thing from beginning to end. The sty had been taken to disabuse the mind of the public of the idea that they could do what they liked when they received a summons. -The Chairman told the prisoner that nest time he received a I summons lie must pay more attention to it or there would be more serious consequences. He would he fined 61. and 4s. 61. costs.—Joseph Basnett, High-st., and Joseph Wakefield. Loch-st., were similarly dealt I with for a like offence.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

WIN.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATUROAY, MAY 11 1895

I • THE VACANCY IN NEWTOWN WARD. No steps have yet been taken to fill the vacancy in Newtown ward caused by the failure of Mr. W. M. Williams. The Council will most probably consider the matter when the official statement as to the bankruptcy of the member in question has been received. Several names have alreauy been mentioned as suitab:e candi- dates. FORTHCOMING BILLIARD MATCH. As will be seen from an advertise:nent in another column a grand billiard match will be played at the Runcorn Liberal Club on Wednesday evening. The contestants will be the well-known cueists C. Dawson and E. Diggle.

their food supplies, but too much money was spent on she army. Touching upon the Home Rule question, the tpeaker said that the Tory party, if that measure were not mentioned at a political meeting carried out that it had been dropped. It was therefore incumbent upon him to give the present measure his full approval. Though it had been impossible to legislate for Ireland for the past three years, it had not been impossible to administer the law in a satisfactory manner, and that was a matter upon which the Government could con- gratulate themselves. There had been a diminution of crime through the land. Referring to the House of Lords, he said it was impossible for the Liberal party to go on with that body as at present constituted. They must never forget Mr. Gladstone' last speech in the House of Commons,in which he told them that the posi- tion held now by the House of Lords was intolerable to the Liberal party. Mr. Deacon concluded by referring to the Loral Veto Bill, which he said was an improve- ment on that introduced last session. (Applause.) Councillor O'Donnell proposed,and Mr. Horan seconded a resolution calling upon the Government to investigate the cases of Irish pAlitical prisoners. This was passed, and the meeting concluded with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF lilt. A. F. MANN.

On Thursday, the marriage was solemnised at Christ Church, Mayfair, London, of Mr. Albert Fred Mann, clerk to the Prescot Board of Guardians. , second son of Mr. Edward Mann, of Duumow, Essex, to Miss Mary Wood, eldest daughter of Mr. Thomas Wood, of Umbledon, Gloucester. The bride was given away by her step-brother. She wore a dress of rich pale blue satin and a bonnet of gold passementerie, trimmed with white velvet ribbon and orange blossom. She carried a bouquet of choice white flowers, and wore a gold bracelet, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmams, Miss Kate Mann and Miss Emily Claydyn, were attired in cornflower blue crepon, trimmed with lace and ribbon, and hate of black chip, trimmed with corn- flower, ribbon, and roses. They were presented by the bridegroom with gold bracelets and bouquets of pink roses. The best man was Mr. W. J. Glover, of St. Helens, and the Rev. H. Russell, vicar of Christ Church, was the officiating clergyman. The wed- ding party were entertained by Mr. and Mrs, Rus- sell at 12e, Curzon-st., Mayfair. The bride's travelling dress was of electric blue cloth with white vest, and hat of sun-burnt straw trimmed with rich electric blue velvet. The presents were numerous and costly, and included a case of silver and a beautifully-iiluminated address from the board of guardians, and a silver tea and coffee ser- vice and address from the officials of the union. After a short stay at 'forging, Mr. and Mrs. Mann will take up their residence at Eccleston Park.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

CONCERT IN THE WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOIL—A well- attended concert given chiefly by Runcorn artistes, in aid of the Sunday school magic lantern fund was held in the Trinity Wesleyan schoolroom on Wednesday evening dr. Baguio? presided. An interesting feature of the concert was the magic lantern illustrations to the various items given during the evening. These included "The Village Blacksmith," "Death of Nelson," " John Gilpin" and " Allan Water." A number of views of North Wales and of English places of interest were also exhibited.' Mr. Robinson of Runcorn, was the lanternist. A quar- tette party consisting of Miss Jones, Miss I3irkett, Mr. Morris and Mr. Birkett gave " The Song of the River" and "Allan Water," and duets entitled " The Pilot Brave "and " When the wind bloweth in from the sea" were respectively given by Miss Looker and Mr. P. Brad- bury; and Miss Jones and Mr. Morris. The Rev. J. H. rite sang a sacred solo "The Good Shepherd " and Miss Lizzie Ryalls recited "John Gilpin." Miss Clara Taylor, Mr. T. Barrow., Mr. Morris, and Mr. H. Rowe contri- buted solos and they met with hearty receptions. Mr. John Birkatt gave a humorous song entitled " The tin Gee-gee." The duties of accompanist were satisfactorily fulfilled by Mr. William Cooke. At the conclusion of what proved a most successful concert a vote of thanks was passed to all those who had assisted on the proposi- tion of the Rev. J. H. Tite. BOWLING.—HALTON v. WINNINOTON PARIC.—On Satur- day very interesting games were played on the bowling green connected with the Norton Arms Hotel, Halton, between the members of Winnington Park and Halton Clubs. The result was a victory for the home team. The weather was all that could be de-ired,and the green was in excellent ,iondition. During their stay the visi- tors were entertained to a substantial tea, which was admirably served by the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Birch. The following were the scores

--- -WIN/UNE/TON PARK: HALTON. S. D. S. D. J Noden 8 t ~ W Snape l3 }l5 W Oak es 9 1 ' J Dutton .. T Whitby It Bowden l3f J Horton S Foster l3 }fl it 3 Hass al 7 15 W Hu hes l3 f H Clarke 2 G Starkey 115 T Tomlinson J Cooper lO t g W Bowden l3 l5 T I insworth - J Rogerson l3l F Strinfellow 7t 14 S J Dawson W Whitby lO f Richar3son IL Norcross 4 }l5 H Johnson 13).13 H Be wes U Stringfellow l3 }l5 10 Jeacoek J Hughes 179 114

===== 0002601_18950511_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
147 75 HAYDOCK.

. THE URBAN DIS URICT COUNCIL. The usual monthly meeting of this Council was held last week, this being the first meeting of the Council since the day of meeting was changed. Mr. J. Pilling presided, and there was present a fair attendance of naembers.—Dr. Hayward, in his quarterly report, stated that the estimated population of the township, as deter- mined by the usual calculation, was 6.843, but there were good reasons for believing that the actual popula- tion exceeded 7.000. During the quarter there were registered : births-42 males, 46 lemales,total 88; deaths —52 males, 22 females, total 54. rhe birth rate was 51.4 per thousand per annum, death rate 228, zymatic rate 14•0, infant mortality under one year old 215 per , thousand births. The birth rate was very unusually high and the death rates were unfortunately very high. The epidemic ot measles might be said to have raised the death rate to the extent of 16 per thousand per annum. Scarlet fever had broken out, the first case being notified on February Bth. In order to prevent the spread among children he Wrote to the schoolmasters and mistresses suggesting that it any of the teachers became aware of any children having a very slight sore throat or present- ing any suspicious appearance of rough scaling skin they should be at once sent home. During the first two months of the quarter influenza had been again exten- sively prevalent as an epidemic. Only owe &lath had , occurred from this disease.—Dr. Dowling asked the Medical Officer if it was a fact that a case of small-pox had occuri ed.—Dr. Hayward replied that it was so. The man was now in the Old Wint Hospital. The man had been to several townships hi the district, and when the disease was discovered he was in St. Helens. With reference to the insanitary condition of the privies in the neighbourhood of Toll-bar, which was complained of at a previous meeting by Dr. Dowling,Dr. Hayward reported that he had inspected the property known as Toll-bar Cottages, were, since the beginning of the year, there had been notified twelve cases of infectious disease, out of a total of 28 cases In the whole township, excluding the eases of scarlet fever, which were probably not much related to insanitary conditions. The chief defects discovered r) him was the faulty construction of the privies an,l ash s. rhey were all uncovered and ton deep, se that the contents, in many cases, were liquefied. The worst «samples were found in the two rows of houses on the north side of Judkeld-st., but the work of filling them up to the extent of 18 Inches iii efficiently draining them was in progress. In the other rows of houses where the ash pits were less deep, the work was also begun of draining them. When this work was carried out a considerable improvement would be effected. The medical officer condemned the systPm of privy construc- tion in existence in the township, and submitted a piak of the standard required in St. Helens, which he con- sidered should be adopted at least in the construction of new houses. The plan of draining ashpits into sewers was not to be recommended, as it tended to choke up the sewers. It was desirable that in a very large pro- portion of cases the privies should be re-constructed,hut in the meantime, unless the Council were prepared to compel re-construction in a wholesale manner, they would have to make the best of the existing arrange- ments and effect improvements by degrees.—Dr. Dow- !ing protested strongly against the present system of ash ' pits. He thought they ought to be re constructed up to model requirements, but he would not make any pro- position, remarking that he had done his best in the matter.

MURCHISON GIFT GOLD Miantso Co—" Truth " May 9, says :—Considerable dealings are reported in the shares of the Murchison Gift Gold Co. at 54. to 53. 61., and the outlook bids fair for a good rise. This Company has acquired the Christmas 13:or property near the well- known mines. A fair amount of development work has been carried out, and the reports state that in two shafts sunk the reef has been proved. The capital of the Company is £60,000 of 103. shares, 83. paid.' AFRICAN COAL AND EXPLORATION —A short time Since we directed attention to the shares of this Company when the price WAS only about 53. 6.1. while it after- wards rose to 10s. 61. Thus those woo bought at the time had the opportunity of nearly douoling their money. A slight reaction subsequently took place bringing the price down to 84. 3d. to 81. 91. the present quotation at which figure our information goes they should be bought once more for a greater rise than ever. The market is in the hands of influential parties who will not rest with quotation at the present low level. A " little bird " whispers what great developments have taken place on the property. This if true,will work wonders in regard to enhancing the value of the shares. This little bird has a far reachin?, eye and has consequently a happy knack of being able to whisper of events far bey•rino the range of vision of ordinary mortals:. It must therefore suffice to say that the shares should assuredly be bought, once more.

Tax NEWEST STYLES in Ladles Mantles, Jackets, Canes and Costumes.—Evatts 17 Sankey-street, Warrington—Advt. IHE NEWEST STYLES in Ladies' Mani les, Jackets, rapes and Costaine:.—ETAxs 17, Sank* -38. ed. Warrington.— Adz, 8.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
mil

Ik

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

It is pleasing to learn that preparations are being made for the commencement of the work in respect of the agreement which has been entered into by the Runcorn Council and the Manchester Ship Canal Co., for the provision of extra accommodation and other facilities at Runcorn. Already some of the material for the slipways has been landed at Runcorn, and it is not improbable that the labour required will be let out by contract. With regard to the work proposed to be done at the Old Quay, this, it is uaderstood, will be placed in the hands of Mr. Wiswall, C.E. manager of the Sprinch works at Runcorn, belonging to the Canal Co. He will also have in hand the erecting of the bridge over the canal at Halton-road. Plans are now being prepared. and there is every likelihood of the work being well in hand in the course of a short space of time.

The Runcorn Ferry has now become a bone of contention between the Runcorn and Widnes Councils on the one hand, and the Ship Canal Com- pany on the other. It seems that the -Company have imposed a toll of one penny for each passenger crossing the waterway which is in addition to that already charged for ferrying the river. Another matter in which dissatisfaction is expressed is the charge made by the Company to boatmen when they cross the canal with their boats for the pur- pose of placing them on the beach. This is mani- festly unfair when it is considered that the canal company intercepted the strand on the Cheshire side of the River at Runcorn in the construction of the canal. Not much use has been made of the ferry since it was re-started, and unless the Canal Company re-mit their charge it is not at all likely that the traffic will increase. The question arises whether the Canal Company are legally entitled to impose a fare. This is one of the points which will no doubt be tested by the authorities.

When persons fail to answer a police summons they run a risk of being unceremoniously locked up if the magistrates issued a warrant But such a drastic step is seldom taken in regard to school attendance cases, and consequently a number of parents when summoned have treated the matter with contempt, and stayed away from the court altogether. On Monday out of a batch of persons summoned for neglecting to send their children regularly to school four did not put in an appear- ance and the magistrates decided to set their backs up against this defiance of the Court and ordered warrants to be issued. Three of the recalcitrant de- fendants were captured on Wednesday morning and brought to the Police Station. Their excu,e to the magistrates was that the matter had been left in the hands of their wives who had neglected to attend the Police Court. When the men are at work they cannot be expected to leave it for the purpose of appearing at the Police Court to answer a school attendance summons, when their wives can do just as well as themselves. But their duty lies in see- ing that the matter is attended to, and no doubt the action of the magistrates will have a beneficial effect in this direction.

The report of Dr. Adams, the medical officer for the Runcorn Rural district on the sanitary condi- tion of the 36 townships in his district, is a most comprehensive one, and although some progress in sanitary reform is reported there yet remains much to be accomplished. No fewer than 202 notifica- tions of infectious disease were received during the year, which, with the exception of 1893 when smallpox was so prevalent, exceeds all previous years. The source of infection in a number of cases is attributed to an unsatisfactory water supply,and this is one of the difficulties often met with in coun- try districts, as the drinking water is taken from wells and public purnp,i,and is far from being R 8 pure as it should be. Another serious cause mentioned is the insanitary condition of houses ; and considering the powers local authorities now possess for dealing with such property, this source of infection should be more easily rectified. For in- stance Dr. Adams reports as follows regarding some property at Halton where two fatal cases of typhoid fever occurred. There existed, he save " A serious combination of insanitary conditions, on which I have previously reported ; the houSes have no thorough ventilation, the roofing and spouting were defective, a deep gully runs behind the houses, and at times being filled with sewage from cowsheds and piggeries, which, with the sewer blocked, caused the sewerage to filter through the basement into the houses, and might actually be seen oozing into the inner surfaces of the houses" With such a condition of things can it be wondered at that disease should PRi ?

===== 0002601_18950511_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES DIV1;-'ION LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

ADDRESS BY MR. H. WADE DEACON.

On Monday evening a meeting of the electors of the polling districts of Wide's was hell in the Alford-street Chambers. The business transacted was the election of a committee consisting of 208 to serve on the Rime- sentative Council. and the selection of 26 persons to act as an Executive Committee. Mr. E.Carey presided, and among those present were—Messrs, H. Wade Deacon, J.P., C.C.' Stuart Deacon, J. W. Warning, S. Sadler, F. Hartland. J. Cosier, D. Lewis, Dr. O'Keeffe, W. Ware- ing, A. G. Kyle. T. Sherratr, H. O'Donnell, P. Horan, J. Sadler, J. Griffiths, C. Bridgstock, J. Prescott, U. B. Shores (secretary), and J. Duckworth. The Chairman, at the outset, said that the meeting was only a formal one. He was sure that those present would be glad to hear that, owing to the exertions of Mr. Shores, the registration during the last year had been extremely satisfactory, in fact the results of the registration had been carefully examined by Mr. Frank Gaskell. Whenever a general election came, he did not suppose it would come this year—at all events there was no reason for one—he believed it would he found that the Liberals of Widnes were fully prepared t ) meet it, and give perhaps a better account of thermelves than on any previous occasion. (Applause.; -------

===== 0002601_18950511_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The election of 208 rep,esentatives to serve on Widnes District Council being effected, the election of 26 repre- sentatives pn the Divisional Executive Council was pro- ceeded with, and the following gentlemen were elected on the committee : Messrs. J. Bandies, W. Miller, H. W. Deacon, E. Carey, S. Deaeon. J. Morrison. J. Wareine,G. Warner, F. Lawrenson, W. Hodgkinson, E K Muspratt, T. Cosier, S. Owens, J. Davies, J. Peters, J. Miawooda. Taylor, A. E. Calvert, S. Sadler, W. W. Gossage, F. J. Poole, J. B. Aitken, H. S. Timmis, E S. Gossa.ge, F. Hartland, S. Quinn, Dr. O'KeeffA, and Dr.

Donnelley. The Chairman thought they must say that the present Government did deserve their most hearty applause in every way. Their attitude in foreign affairs had not only received the approval of the Liberal party, but that of their oppmenta also. So far as their foreign policy was concerned, he believed it WRA firm,and tended to the strengthening of that great empire which they were All an pnaud of. He was not a "Little Englander." Re was in favour of supporting their great empire,andsloing everything they could to maintain the greatness of it. With regard to their home affairs, he believed that that policy was of a thoroughly democratic kind, as was testi- fied by the doing away of ex officio guardians and having Careful regard to the thorough' v representative character of their County Councils and Parish Councils. In every way the Government had shown a true desire that the people should govern themselves, and that the govern- ment should be by the people. (Applause.) However their opponents might talk about social legislation, he did not think they were heartily' in favour of Ric Major Wareing proposed the following resolution 'That the meeting hereby expresses its hearty Approval of the several important measures introduced by her Majesty's Government during the present session, and confidently relies upon the determination of the Ministry to secure their passage through the Rouse of Commons." _ _ .

Mr. F. Hartland in secondinz delivered arc cogent speech. He said that as far as he was concerned hit had greater confidence in the present Liberal Government than in any previous one. As Liberal Churchmen no doubt it was an anxious time tor them, and he for one wished for an opportunity to express his opinion on the Bill of the Government. Taking into consideration the representation of Wales in Parliament, and also having regard to the fact that all the Wel-h members were re- turned lay majorities of over 2,000, it was absurd for them to discard the wishes and the aspirations of the people.—The resolution was adopted. Mr. H. Warle-Deacon who was received with applause, gave an address in which he exnressed his approval of the Government measures. At the outset he spoke of the necessity of beinq prepared for a general election, although he did not think it would occur this you.. It WAS also important that the register Aqul‘i he looked after. Fle had been Fp aking, round' the constitomicy lotolv,ard had urged unon each oar For it the advisa- bil;tv ~r the Carl eommittees elected meeting toge- ther to diFcns4 mattersond make sollei-tions.if to Mr. Shores, in order that the fimport.nt matter of re- gistration rhould he helped forward, Pmceeriing, Mr. Deacon entirely approved of Mr. ilartlev's views on the Dis•stateishmemt and Disend-wment F the Choreh in Wale.. His reasons for anProvi-g the me,:ure were fire lv bemire a great hulk or the Welsh peopl,c were in favour of it.arvl aecondly the they .loeu'd have the right to say it should he disendowed, In Emdand the ques- tion was an entirely •diff?rent one. Alluding to Imperial questions,he thought they should have a powerful navy !so that they could defend theralielves,and in case ef war

*

idiariasinidis •.. ,„ '.'" ' - .',

===== 0002601_18950511_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE LIVERPOOL RAILWAY MISSION.

The annual tea in connection with the above mission was held in St. Peter's schoolrornn, John-st.,on Saturday evening. An excellent tea was provided by Miss S. Green, the missioner for the railway. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Percival. Rogers, Critchley, Bate. Pearson, and the Misses Percival, Green, James, and Hindley. A public meeting was afterwards held, presided over by the Rev. B. Percival, vicar of St. Peter's, and there were also present the Revs.J. A. Cooil, P. J. Byrne, Miss Beetle Dutton (Moore), Miss Green,and Mr. Thompson,of Liverpool. Mr. Thompson read letters of apology from Sir E. R. Russell and the Mayor of Warrington, and Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P.

_ . The Cnemarms expressed his appreciation of the good work which was being done by Miss Green in connection with the mission, and hoped that her labours would be abundantly blessed. In her annual report, Miss Green said that during the year, she had much cause tor thankfulness. All the stations had been visitsal,and !Alt bad received a hearty welcome when visiting the homes of the sick. A Prayer Union and Temperance League had recently been formed and 90 members had iiined the Prayer Union and 58 the Temperance League. ',Applause.) 'I lre number of meetings which had been conducted at different places during the year was as follows : At the Arpley Mission, , 52 ; Waggon Works, 51 ; London and North-Western ! Sheds, 36 ; Bank Quay Station, 22 ; Central Station, 22; Birkenhead Goods Department, London and North- Western, 34 ; Birkenhead Goods Department, Cheshire Lines Conmpttee, 34 ; Buckley-at., 1 ; Ragged School,4 ; Workingmen's Gospel Temperance Mission, 1 ; Temper- ance Meeting, Moore, 1 ; Gospel flail, 1 ; St. Barnanas' Band of Hope, 5 ; Workhouse, 4 ; making a grand total of 268. The number of tracts distriouted was 12,000; stations visited, 300 ; and the Infirmary 22 times.—The report was adopted, on the motion of Mr. Wildman, seconded by Mr. Massey. Miss DurroN, who was received with applause, said she knew Miss Green, and she should be pleased to say what she could to encourage her in the work in which , she was engaged. With regard to the Railway Mission, the men in it worked with might and main, and she was sure they did all they could to induce their companions to take an interest in the work and to get good, and , then they found that many a time the promises they obtained were not fulfilled, and that the people they had hoped to see at their meetings were not present. Addresses were also given by Messrs. Tnornpson, P. Knowles (C.L.C.), J. Barton (C.L.C.), and J. J. Harding and Mrs. Rogers. On Sunday, a number of railway men, headed by the Briek-street Brass Band,assernbled at Bank Quay Station at 1.50 p.m., after which they marched in procession along Sankey-street, Horsemarket-street, and Winwick- street to St. Ar.n's Church, where a special service was held. Mr. J. A. Thompson delivered an excellent address upon the words " For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ ; for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth ; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek." A collection was made to defray the expenses of the mission. A special service was held in the evening in St. Ann's Cturch, at the conclusion of the ordinary evening service, for railway men and their wives, when Mr. Thompson delivered another suitable address. There were good congregations, afternoon and evening.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

SMALLPDX AT ST. HELENS.

There are at present six eases of smallpox in St. Helens. One case had a fatal termination in hospital on Wednesday. . _

ALL ifouscrtotnt MsKir hemmed and marked, free of chary,' —J. and W DUTTON. SAnkev-at., Warrington,— WRINGING MACHINES. GARLAND, Ironmonger Warrington.

THE RECTOR.

The Bishop of Liverpool has appointed the Rev. F. W. Willis, MA., rector of Warrington, to be an honorary canon of the Cathedral Chapter, in succes- sion to the Rev. Canon Drutn mond Anderson, M. 4., who recently resigned. .

_ ALL UntISEHOLD LINEN, bemmed and ronrked free of charge. —J . and W. nurrox. Sankey-et.. Wrtrrington .—A . CYCLES,—GAII.LAND,SoIe Agent, Bridge-at., Warring- toll.

Sr. ANN'S CHURCH.

A new departure in church work in connection with the above was made last night week, when a lantern service was held in Warburton-street. There was a very large crowd assembled at 9 p.m. when the first hymn was thrown on the sheet. and it was heartily sung. A number of scenes in the holy land followed and slides illustrating portions of scripture the Rev. P. J. Byrne giving a suitable address. Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., worked the lantern and showed a number of temperance slides and told the story of " Buy your own cherries," which was illustrated. A similar meeting was held in Watkin-street on rtionday night, Mr. A Downs kindly showing his lantern.

SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle XS Ss. vri•t• handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 1i Sankey-a• Warrington.— Advt..

===== 0002601_18950511_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AMATEUR LEAGUE.

FINAL RESULTS FOR SEASON 1894.5. IST DIVISION.

Goals. PyedWon Lost Drn For Agt Its Barnton Alhien Rarlestown 171,torla * Vewton-le. Willows l4 8 4 2 5) 22 16 Whines Parish Church Farnworth Peaks.th

Pa r Victoria Orforl C vecent l3 319 0 23 38 6

*Two points dedu ted.—Orford Crescent failed to fulfil their return engager!' ent with Widnes Parish Church.

2113 DIVISION. *Newton-le-Willows Res. *iutton Victoria RN+. Rank Street Mission Penketh Re-erve Wi.ines Parish Church Res. Warrington St. Mary's Winwick St. Oswald's l6 8 3 26 44 13 Peter Walker and So is 413 ford = cwo p Ants each hive been deducted. Warrington L. It N W. Albion and it. tilphin's Re erve have withdrawn, their results being ex..lthied.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKT9N HEATH.

RESIGNATION OF THK OFIGANIsT —We notice that the "St. Thomas' Parish Monthly " has the following announcement :—" We regret to say that, owing to ill. heath, Mr. W. Jams, the head master of our schools and organist of the church, has been ohliged to resign his post. He intends to leave the country entirely, and to Make his future home in America. We feel sure the good wishes of everyone will go with him to his new home, and we only hope that in another climate his health may soon be completiv restored."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODS li AM.

PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTERNOON MEETING.—The first open meeting in connection with the P.S.A. at Union Church. Frodaham, wag held on Sunday aiternoon. Mr. T. Arthur Rigby, of Overton, presided. There was a large congregation, and a very enjoyable address was given by Police Inspector Burroughs, of Manchester,and severtl sacred melodies were contrihuted by friends.

TRAP ACCIDENT.—A trap accident occurred at Frod- sham Bridge on Wednesday night. About nine o'clock a trap containing Mr. J. H. Davies and Mr 4, Thomas DAVIPS, of Five Crosses, Frodshatn, was nearing Frodsham Bridge when a wag- gonette coming in the itprosite direction driven by Thomas Plevin, ostler at the Bear's P 4 w Inn, FreAsham, collided with it. Mrs. Davies was precipitated out of the trap and fell heavily on the ground. breaking her shoulder bone. The driver of the waggonette was also thrown to the ground, hut he escaped with a shaking. The injured lady was conveyed home and Dr. Burton was sent for, and on examination found she had sus- tained serious injuries. It was quite light at the time of the accident. PRIMROSE LEAGUE MEETING —Toe annual meeting of the Frodsham and Dbitrict HahiTation of the Primrose Lesgue was held in the Ganservative Club on Thtiridav evening. Mr. A. Thomas, J.P., occupied the chair. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. A. Thoulas) submitted the annual valance sheet which showed .a credit balance of £I2 I.Ba. 7,3. On the motion of Mr.' S. Davies, seconded by Colonel Ashton,' the balance sheet was unanimously adopted. After soine discussion as to the appointment of offieera the crle:ting was adj iurned for a inentii.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- '

11004.1.`

===== 0002601_18950511_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT, Continued from page 3.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening the debate on Cie motion of the third reading of the London and North-Western Railway Bill was resumed, and tbe action of the Company in regard to certain Welsh-speak- ing workmen was made the ground of further opposi- tion. Mr. F. EDWARDS moved that the bill be recom- mitted in respect of clauses 13 and 14, and Mr. J. L. MORGAN seconded the motion. In supplrting the motion Mr. Ltoro-Gsosnit said they objected to any further powers being given to the London and North-Western Railway Company in Wales. Mr. PLUNRRT said that if Welsh members took the responsibility of striking out these particular clauses he had no objection, VI order to facilitate the progress of the measure. The motion for recommittal was rejected by 233 to 106. As a further protest against the conduct of the Company, the Welsh members again divided the House on the motion for third reading. The third reading was carried by 243 to 120.

Mr. CAMPBELL-BANNERUAN, in reply to Mr. GROVE, said that the Committee on the Unemployed was engaged in collecting information, and he trusted that it would be able in a few weeks to come to its conclusions on the paints before it. Sir G. TREVELYAN moved the appointment of a Stand- ing Committee for the consideration of Government measures relating to Scotland, such committee to con- sist of all the members representing Scotch constitu- encies, together with fifteen other members, to be nominated by the Committee of Selection. Sir El. fileitwELL moved an amendment declining to entertain a proposal to refer Bills to Standing Committees on the basis of separate nationalities. The amendment was defeated by 186 to 162. The debate was adjourned.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL. THE NAVIGATION OF THE MERSEY. MESSRS. FAIRCLOUGII v. THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

A special Divisional Court, consisting of the Lord Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Charles, and Mr. Justice Wright,sat on Thursday to dispose of the point arising out of the litigation between Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons, millers, of Cooper's Wharf, Warrington, and the Man- ' chester Ship Canal Company. Mr. Jlsepti Walton, Q C., and Mr. Hughes were for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Cripps, Q.C., and Mr. C. A. Russell were for the defendants. The point for decision arise. out of the arbitration which has been suspended psnding the decision of the case stated. Mr. Joseph Walton,Q C. was about to reopen the facts, when the Lord Chief Justice remarked that his brothers had beard the matter before, and he had read the case. The question resolved itself entirely into a question of the true construction of section 82 of the Manchester Ship Canal Act. Mr. Walton proceeded to read the section which, it will be remembered, referred entirely to the protection of the entrances to dooks, &c., at Widnes. He conten- ded that the Canal Company seemed to think that so long as there was a channel, although it might have gone over to the other side of the river Mersey, the wharf-owners had no remedy under the section unless they could show it was assignable to the works of the company: .

Mr. Cripps said the wharf owners were outside the section. He thought there would be no remedy when it could be proved under the Lands Clauses Act that the silting up was due to the construction as apart from the maintenance,or that there had been some negligence on the part of the company. As regarded the local silting, it was not a part of the defendants' works. There was a constant silting going on in the Mersey, and if the owner took the trouble to dredge that away it would be all right, but here was a claim for £2,000 up to a date sonse months tack ; were the Company to dredge away to Runcorn and give the plaintiffs free ton- nage?

The Lord Chief Justice: An the owner wants is a fair way ot travelling. As long as the main channel was kept open it was not their business to deal with local sittings. The dredging the Company had to perform was such as would enable vessels to enter or leave the Canal.

Mr. Jogeph Walton replied on the whole case. Their Lordships reserved judgment, as it was a ques- tion of great importance, and there were other similar cases dependent on it. The Lord Chief Justice intimated that judgment.would.be delivered at an early date.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD SEWAGE PIPE LITIGATION.

At the Chancery Court of Lancashire, held at the Assize Courts, Strar.geways, on Wednesday, Vice- Chancellor Robinson cave judgment in an action which had been brought by the Ship Canal Company against the Salford Corporation. It was a motion for an injunc- tion to restrain the Corporation from laving a pipe be- tween their sewage works at Mode Wheel and the Canal bank. The Vice-Chancellor said be had come to the conclusion, seeing that the pipe was undoubtedly in- tended and appropri ited for the purpose of carrying sewage from one point to another, that it was a sewer within the meaning of the Public Health Act. In his opinion the land over which it was proposed to lay the pipe was part of the Ship Canal wharf, and, as such, had been enclosed. Under these circum- stances be had come to the conclusion that the right of the Corporation to lay the pipe in the way they proposed was excluded by the clause in their Act which defined what a street was, because that Act prevented them from lacing down a sewer under any railway, canal, or navigation yard or wharf. Be therefore decided that the plaintiffs were entitled to an injunction to restrain the defendants from laying down the pipe from their sewage works to the canal wharf. It had been said that the pipe was a mode of embarkation. He could not so treat it. To regard a pipe 500 ft. long as an embarkation would be straining the word to an unnatural extent. With regard to costs he understood neither side asked for any, and therefore te made no mder.—Mr.Maberley (who appeared -for the Ship Canal Company) asked for a mandatory order for the removal of such portion of the pipe as had been laid down.—His Honour, in reply to Mr. Sutton, who appeared for the corporation, said they had no right under any portion of the company's land.—Mr. Sutton: Not even tlp part which has been dedicated as a road ? —His Honour : Sutton : It is there where we have laid it.—Mr.Maberley : But it was after notice of our right.--tlis Honour directed the issue of the manda- tory order, but said it should not be enforced for three months.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARGES AGAINST JABEZ BALFOUR.

The case against Jabez Spencer Balfour was opened by Mr. C. Mathews on behalf of the Treasury at Bow- st. Police Court on Thursday. It was stated that the charges would be of a three-fold character. In the first instarce the prisoner would be charged with obtaining £20,000 by false pretences from the House and Land Investment Trust. Then he would be charged for leaving the country within lour months of his bankruptcy with money and property o!' the value of over £2O. The third series of charges would deal with the alleged fraudulent misapplication of money belonging to the Building Securities Company, Limited. Formal evidence of the registration and winding up of the various companies was given, and the case was then adjourned until Monday.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND THE CHEMICAL TRADE.

THE TRADES' AND LABOUR COUNCIL TAKES ACTION.

A meeting of the Runcorn Trades' and Labour Council was held on Tuesday evening, when it was unanimously decided to forward a memorial to Mr. Brock, chairman 1 of directors of the United Alkali Company. The, follow- ing is the text of the memorial which was forwarded last (Thursday; evening. "To the directors of the United Alkali Company,—Gentlemen, We beg most re- spectfully to approach your Board and earnestly solicit your careful consideration and the memorial of this Trades' Council. We hear with profound regret and alarm that it is the intention of your Board to close the whole of your works in the town of Runcorn. We are hopeful that on mkture consideration of all the ac- companying and surrounding circumstances, that our town will he saved from this threatened calamity. It is within the knowledge of your Board that the stoppage of these works would paralyse the trade of Runcorn, and bring innumerable homes, already impoverished by the trade depression and severity of the past winter, to direst poverty. This Council represents 11 district trades, having upwards of 1,503 members, all of whom are engaged or associated with this important industry, and would respectfully urge your Board, alike in the interests of the town of Runcorn and the workers in every branch of industry, to remove this threatened calamity. Truistingt ham the prompt action of your Board in the direction indicated, we remain, Dear Sir, and gentlemen, respectfully yours. President, George A. Kirkham ; secretary, Ellis Gatley."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

a THE NEW CHURCH.—A well-attended meeting was held in the schoolroom. Weston, on Tuesday evening for the purpose of making arrangements for the forthcoming zeta at Weston in aid of the new church building funds. The Rev. Canon Maitland Woad presided, and gave a Istatement of the position of affairs regarding the pro- posed new church, and stated that Majcr Orred had ap- °roved the plans of the church. It was resolved that the fete should take place about the end of July or early in AnelEgr, and that it should consist of a sale of woria ;old v:llage pastimes. A committee with power to add to their number was appointed to carry out the arrange- -1 ineLti. It is proposed amongst other amusements to have a grand" March p ast " in which the children will take part and will represent characters. Mr. T. Ford, of Cavendish Farm,has placed one of his fields at the dis- posal of the committee.

Sir Robert Peel died on 'Pluriday morning in Lmlon after a very short Ilium.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
1 Slbbertiament not Covina.

. . BILLIARD EXHIBITION. - DIGGLE AND DAWSON. RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB. WEDNESDAY, MAY 15th, 1895. AFTERNOON AT 3, MIMING AT 8.

r I 0 JYCLISTS. BEFORE CHOOSING YOUR MOUNT just have A LOOK AT OUR 1895 MODELS. COMPARE OUR PRICES, QUALITY, AND FINISH. This will satisfy you. BUY ONLY THE BEST MAKE AV THE LOWEST CASH PRICE. THE PREMIER, NEW RAPID, EXCELSIOR, and B. AND A. CYCLES ARE THE BEST. SOLE AGENT GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRID4B-STIMET, WARRINGTON. Our Ten Guinea Bayliss Thomas Excelsior Pneumatic Safety, best value in the district. Don't miss it. R.ilway fares allovp.d to Purchasers.

WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. LIVERPOOL DISTRICT SYNOD. ORDER OP PUBLIC SERVICES. SUNDAY, MAY 12th, HOLD-ST . 10.30, Rev. 0. WATKINS. 6.30, Rev. 1. KIRTLAN. MONDAY, MAY 13th, 7.30 p m., TEMPERANCE MEETING, In BOLD-STREET CHURCH, Rev. CHARLES GARRETT. Chairman of the District. will preside. Speakers i—Rev. Henry Bone, Rev. Walter Briseombe, ev. Herter r. Workman, M.A. TUESDAY, MAY ldth, 7.30 p.m. TEIE OFFICIAL Se.RMON, IN BEWSEY-ROAD CHURCH, by the Rev. JOSHUA HAIGH.. To be followed by the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, to which all the Members of the Methodist Church are invited, Moore, 7.3) p.m., Rev. W. H. Heap. Padgate, 7.30 p.m., Rev. C.P. Richer aeon, L.L.D. Latchford, 7.30 p.m., Rev. M. Wintersgith Sankey Bridges, 7.30 p.m., Rev. J. Hanby. WEDNESDAY, MAY 15th, at 7.0 am.. BOLD-STREET, SERMON, Rev. W. H. HUGGINS. In the Evening at 7.30 p.m.. A SPECIAL PUBLIC MEETING, In BEWSBY-ROAD CHURCH, to advocate the claims of the young. Parents, Teachers and all interested in the welfare of the Young People, specially invited. Chairman i—B. LEWIS LLOYD, B-q., of Liverpool. Speakers i—Rev. J. Williams Butcher, Rev. George Byron, Rev. Henry P. Belvey. Also on the same evening, A SPECIAL PUBLIC .11 EETING Will be hell at 730. at LYMM CHURCH. Chairman —JAMES DODDS Esq. Speakers —Rev. R. E. Brown, 8.A., Rev. W. Britton Butters, Rev. H. C, Floyd. Rev A. H. Woodnutt. And at PENRETH CHURCH, Rev. W. If. GROVES. M.A., will preaiii. THURSDAY, MAY 16th at 7.0 a.m., BOLD-STREET, SERMON Rev. J. LEONARD WEBBER. And at 7.30 p.m., SERMON by the Rev. T. G. SELBY (Author of' The Imperfect Angel.") A Collection will be made at each Service for District Synod Expenses.

CONNAH & BELLIAN. LIVERPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. k)ICLE FACTORS.

SOLE AGENTS FOR RALEIGH, SWIFT. NEW HOWE, RAGLAN, SANSPARIEL, &c., &c. All kinds of Sundries kept In Stock.

RAMSE Y. I.,LE OF MAN. Mona Vile. first.-claas BOARDING ESTABLISIIBRNT, facing sea ; near pier ; tenni& courts, golf, ac. Tabled' Rote 7. Tariff.

8/111VANT. —Wanted, a reeßeetabie Girl ea General. able to wash.—Apply 28, CONNAUGHT ROAD, Liv rpool.

rAENBRAL Wanted for Restaurant, from 22 to 27, able to wash • also Kitchen-Girl, from 14 to 17; state wages end Rive references.—Adthess THORNTON, 3, Bridge-street, Burnley.

ORPINGTON EGGS for Ifatching,Cook's Cup strain direct- capital winter layers; Ss. per dozen.—RlGßY, Stan- thorne Mill, Middlewich.

--- WANTED GENERAL. able t • wash tor family of three go home and wages for steady girl; none other need apply.-19. STOCKTON-ELOAD, Ohoriton-eum-Rardy.

WANTED at once FEMALE Confectioner or improver,— Apply LEEa, 166, Chorley Old-road. Bolton.

LANFAIRPECHAN. • Appartmente to be LET, close to IA church, .post-oflice ;10 minutes to station and be ach.— HUMPHRHYS, Gadlys.

COUNTY OF CHEiTER. TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. PERSONS desirous of TENDERING for the WORKS required to be done in ALTERA (lONS and ADDI LIONS to the AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE at Saltersford Elall, Dolrnes Chapel. can inspect the Draw- ings and Specification, and'obt,in Rills of Quantities and Form of Tender, on payment of (£1) One Pound (which will be repaid on receipt of a bo a-ficie Tender), at this Office, on and after THURSDAY, the 16th instant, between 9.30 a.m. and 4 p.m. (SATURDAY until 1 p.m.). Sealed Tenders, endorsed "Salersford Hall," to be delivered at this Office on or before WEDNESDAY, the 22nd instant.

The Technical Instruction Committee of the Cheshire County Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. STANHOPE BULL, County Surveyor. County Surveyor's Office, 40, Bridge-street Row (West), Chester. 9th May, 1895.

po HORSE AND CART OWNERS.—TRK ruow- TON DISTRICT COUNCIL invit. TENDERS for the Carting require + on the Higlivreys and Streets, also for the Gas Works, according to Specifications which may be seen at my office. Tenders are to be endorsed ** Carting," and delivered at my office before noon on Monday, the 20th May next. The lowest or any Tende: will not necessarily be accepted. RICHARD RR! /MEI% Clerk and Surveyor.

Town Hall, Harlestown, May 9th, 1995.

Dtas.—Be'or A buylag call and Inspect Try Lot of we 1-bred STOrttt* 70. all sizes, f om 17s. to 50e., very cheap. TAYLOR, behind Post Office, Newton-le-Willows.

rro 81l immediate possession No 3. Stanley Crescent, Prescot, containing 3 entertaining rooms, 5 bedrooms. dressing-room bathroom. to. ; large garden and tennis ground.—Apply to Ma. HENRY Coss, solicitor, Preseut.

ESTABLISHED ()VIM 20 TEARS. COSTUME SKIRTS. COSTUME SKIRTS.

BLAKEWATER MANUFACTURING

‘..)0.. BLACKBURN, Gives better Fabric, Fit and Finish at less cost thin any other House in the Trade. Our BLAKEWATER SERGR SKIRT at 4s. Ild. is un- rivalled ha Black. Navy, Ruby, Browns, and Greve. Our COLOURED COSTUME qiIRTS in New Material for the Season, from 4s 9d. to 7s 9d , Including Fouile'e Broca es, and our pelect Or nite. Sandstone, and Limestone effects are REALLY SUBRIGI We make a SPECIALI Y IN B ACK COSTUME SKIRTS suitable for LADIES in SHOPS and BUSINESS HOUSES f.om our noted " CACHATEEN CLOTH." These have a beautiful appearance and stand any amount of hard wear. Ss 9d Ss. 91., Ts. 9d. Patterns sent. All goods sent CARRIAGE PA ID. WE GIVE at the end of eaeh month a lot of valuable PRESENTS var.) log from a Splendid GOLD WATCH to a beautiiul DIESs. Those sending tha mos', orders during the month receive the most valuable articles. We mean hostile-as and shad give ab. autitul new dress to the first order we receive.

Tll fr. RAKEWATER IVI A NUFACTURING 00., BLACKBURN.

CLEARANc& SALE OF CYCLES.

A SELECTION OF HIGH-CLASS MACHINES TO BB

SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST. " Triumphs." " Raleigh,," "Sp akbrooke,"

'• Flying Wheels"" New Rapids," &c., MUST BE CLEARED. NO REASONABLE OFFhR RIiFUSED. CAT L AND INSPECT FOtt YOUL SELVES.

Purchasers bhould no:, fail to avail themselves of the excei.

tional Bargains w- are now offering.

ALL MAUD INES GUARANTEED.

Ca,.11 or Hire Puichase. Prices from £7 7s. THE JOHN GRIFFITHS CYCLE CORPORATION.

LIMITRD. 41, cASTLE-STRBIII, LIVEIZPOOL.

yOUNG GIRL WANTED. as General, about 18, ster wages end all paitieulars.—Mrs. Bovril, 90 WeEt Derby-read, Liver tool. •

EHCIS FOR HATCHING, trom pure, Black Orpingtont• Minorca, and Buff Leghorns, winners of over 40 prizes and hoiiuu a in 1894 ; reduced Os sitting; tertility guaran- teed ; unsurpased layers ; newly hatched chicks 10s. dozen. —The Vicar, 'Marston Northwich.

‘/IVA.NTRD, SITPATI,,N as Coachman, or Groom Coach- man. pair or single young I rses, age 37, married, no family. well recommended—U.. 42, Cnorr-sr., Burulry.

ANTR I) good CI Nl,-iItAL. bake and wash; thee; nurse kept.—Mrs. 0. E. 8.. Mount Pleasant, Brier- field, Lanes.

LLANDI.TONO. To let splendid marine residence. snitable for private latnily or boarding establishinent.-11.. OWES. Llandu , no.

A CHOICE ASSORTMENT Of Ladies' Blouses, SIM ts. Umbrel- las. Parasols 24-.—Everra 17. Ssakey-,tr,et, Warrington.-- A dirt

OUR NOTED KID GLOVES. lit Black anti Colours 1 . 110_ anti 23. Cl. per ,air.---liveFs 17, Sankey-stree:.„ Warrizgual.--4ct.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

kiAmagbp.;:,.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- dinary Postage to

===== 0002601_18950511_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 a.m.

4:0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
5-15 a.rn

5-30 a.m.

6-ZO a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon

a.m

1.50 pain,

1-0 par).

1-25 p.m.

L-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 pm. 4-40 p.m 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Newionle-Willows Widnes, Appteton, Farnworth Ditton. Penketh, Preston Brook Frodsha,n, lielsby, Daresbury

and Moore Grappenhall , II eatley Heath, mm, and Thelwall ,Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stotock

ton‘:'H.eTtlTh btrtton,WarbUrtOfl,

and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchor Manch sf er, Macclesfield. Stock port, Buxton. Y rkslnre North- umberland, Durham. Sc. S.-hast Lancashire. London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool aml Leigh 15fancliester. part of North Wales,

and Ireland .. Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, s.-East Lancashire, South "ales, S.-West ot Eng- land Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland. Si Town l livery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign _

Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West'

Cumbe Hand London, Midland, Southern, andl

S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Orm.kir , Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester,

Plymouth, and Scotland Cheater. Wre, ham, Llandudno, &

Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan

- Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and

Moore __

Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, &I Sankey Bridges Lymm. Thelwall & Heatley

Manchester tt St 'Helene Orford and mime Liverpool and Chester rappenhall Preston, N.-Bast Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln-

shire Town Delivvry Preston. West Cu, berlai (I, Liver- _ _ . _ .

pool, Birkenhead. Ormskirk, hie of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail llespeoh. All Parts London. Mid/ands, S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950511_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE ... •• • ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER • Mr.Jatnes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9p m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m.. Box closes at 540 p.m The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. 1. 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m:to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m

===== 0002601_18950511_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPNICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ordinary l'oetage.

1 Extra !id. Stamp.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-50 „

11,10 ~

===== 0002601_18950511_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
245 p.m.

5-40 ~

Arczivisa HOUSE, Sus-urricFs, AND WALL LETTER BOXER

IRE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

EV.CEI vrsa H OUSE— "Earlestown

WEEK-D,LYS. 10-15 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUNDAYS. 4-30 pan.

Bws-0771cF-3

*Ashton Collins Green ..... *Go!borne

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.rn. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph

9-55 a.m. NH. Nil. J-55 a,m 10-30 a.m

Lowton Stubshaw Cross

Winwick *Wm grave

*Vera. BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton NsWV:Ba Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Colborne Legh Street. Lawton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's St9.tion) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 5-15. m. and 5-46 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. all 4 6-15 p.m. 9-30 am.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
With Extra H a if penny Stamp up to

===== 0002601_18950511_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ni.. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Lrcels are despatched f rom the Receiving Office at Earies town at 9 a.rn . and 6 p.m.; from a'..l Sub-Offices at the same me as letters.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVER ES AS FOLL WS :-

To I By Callers. I Postmen.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
7-0 a.m. 10-30 .. 10 45 „ 1.11-30 „ }ll-45 ~ } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
2-1* - .} 3-15,.

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign Loud in and the South Frodsham. Helsby, Lymm ..... Manchester, S.-Sast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- beriand, and Lincoinshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport Present, SVigan, Orms- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the ,*'nth Midland Counties & South Wales , Preston, North Litneash,re. New-I ton-le-Wil ows, St. lieiens. andl Chester ..........

Ranetwster London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and littinland CountieB 1 Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester. Bolton. 4it Chester London and Foreign, south s,- Eastern, Mid! nd, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolst on, Stockton • Reath, And Stratton London &Foreign, South, and S -

Materu Counties .................. 1

===== 0002601_18950511_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
6-45 a.m.

/7-0 a.m. Next day.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A !arge pereenttge .4 death, is due to throat and lung troubles. Bronchitis and consurn pt 0.1 are en ses to Great Britain. and thee will contintle to un the people bea,rne more careful and begin treat ment early. This is especial in ease of cons.mmtion. Scott's itmulsion is the most effective for all thrmit and lung trouble. It relieves inft.remation at grace asd eradicates dieease. (8)

===== 0002601_18950511_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 4-40 p.m Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
INo extra

10-45 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
o.oer NI BEFORE THE MA.GISTRATES.

A QUARREL OVER A CHILD. At the Wariengton Borough Court on Monday, Walter Ferrond, a stranger to the town, was charged with being drunk and di orderly in Buttermarket-street,on Saturday night. Alter the case had been proved, a man came forward, and said that on Saturday night, he was in Scotland-road. with his wife and child, looking at some bills. On looking round, he observed the prisoner walk- ing away with the child. He followed the prisoner, and demanded his child, but the prisoner only replied with some disgusting language. W,tness then told him that the child was his, but the prisoner replied that he would not give it up. The prisoner abs,.lutely refused to give it up until witness called a constable, and then he put the child on the ground. The prisoner wee drunk at the time.—The prisoner said that he never remembered the occurreace. The magistrates ordered him to leave the town at once. THEFT FROM A LODGER. Harriet Webb, 14, Cartwright-street, was charged at the Warrington Berough Court on Monday, with stealing a ladies' silver watch and chain, and also a gold keeper, valued £3, the property of Hannah Cannon, on March 30th. The Chief Constable said that Miss Cannon was at present engaged at Peacock's drapery establishment at Latchford and had been residing with the def mdant in Cartwright-street. The defendant was the wife of John Webb, tool maker. The complainant kept the articles above enutnerated,in her box,and on April 28 she missed them, ad on coming downstairs she told Mrs. Webb that she had missed her watch and chain. The defendant said that she had not taken them as she had a watch of her own Nothing more was said until Saturday of the mat- ter when it was reported to Moneelian, who then visited Mr.Briggs'pawnshop,Bank Qoay. Upon the artcles being described to Mr. Briggs, he recollected that he had taken the articles in pledge, and on being produced, the com- plainant identified them The defendant was then questioned by Monaghan, and she then admitted that she had pledged them, saving that her husband had been out of work so much lately. She also said that if she had known that the matter was going to be placed into the hands of the police, she would have brought them out of pledge. Mr. Hunt further said that he had reason to believe that the husband of the defendant had not been doing much work lately, and that the articles had , been pledged to buy the necessaries of life. He had 3en theecomnlainant and she was not wishful to press the case.—Miss Cannon was then called. but she said that she did not wish to say anything more than she had said to Mr. Monaghan.—Mr. Hunt said that there was no doubt that the act was done under necessity. Previous , to the present time, the defendant had been a very steady woman and her char ictcr had been very high—Thel bench decided to record a conviction against the defend- 1 ant on the charge, but inflicted no penalty. A BRUTAL FIIISBAND.—THE WIFE AS BREAD-WINNER. At the Warrington Borough Court, on Thursday,beforel Alderman Sutton (chairman), and Lieutenant-Colonel Ridgway, Peter Harrop, 44 Birehall-street, was charged with assaulting and beating his wife Ellen Flarrop on the 7th of May.—Mrs. Harrop, the complainant, stated that on the day in question the defendant came borne drunk and seized her by the neck with the intention she thought of strangling her. She broke loose and the de- fendant then picked up a chair and struck her with it on the forehead. On being questioned the complainant said her husband had to be drageed home nearly every Saturday night—The mother of complainant gave cor- roborative evidence and said the defendant was re,t steady man and did not, bring much money home, while the complainant worked hard at the mill and got some- times 15a. or £1 a week.—The Chairman said it was a disgraceful thing, and he often thought that the" cat " would be a good thing in that sort of ease —Defendant : Pm not as bad as they reckon I un.—Alderman Sutton : I don't know about that.—Defendant then promised to turn over a new leaf. Hia wife said that that was all she wanted ; she was willing to keep him AS long as he was out of work. The Chairman said they were dis- posed on the recommended/ n of his wife to be as lemient as poesible, and therefore they would adjourn the case ior a month and in the meantime the defendant would be hound over to keep the peace and appear when I called upon.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

Fnimr.—Refore Alderman IlArriscm, Alderman Wright,

Dr. Gomall, and Mr. J. H: Fleming.

- ONF-LICENCE.—James Pringle WAA granted temporary authority to sell at an off-licence, 7. Elall-st., in lieu of Charles Whittaker. USING THREATS.—Mary Graham, 323, Winwick-road, was charged with having on the 27th April used threats to Margaret Emma Bibby ,305,W n wick- road. The com- plainant stated that on the day in question she heard a bother outside, and going to the door she was assailed with had language by the defendant, who also made use of a very vile threat. Complainant was in consequence afraid of suffering some bodily harm. CorrOborative evidence was given by a neighbour of complainant's, and defendant was bound over to keep the peace an I pay costs (Th.). Defendant said she would not pay one 42,1. and would go to gaol for seven days instead. MONDAY.—tlefore the Mayor (Councillor Jaillt'S Fair- dough), Alderman Harrison, Mr. F. Monks, and Mr.

J. W. ilaywarri. BEGGING IN THE STBEETS.—Richard McQuilliam, 21, Dolman's-lane, was dismissed with a caution, on the charge of begging in Buttermatket-8., on Saturday night. DRIJNEENNESS.—Margaret Mannino, 13, Buellley-st., Betsy Jones, 8. Ashton-st., and Patrick Ward, 15, Gee- st., were fined ss. and coats or seven days, for commit- ting this offence in Haydock-st., on April 27. Doo OWNERS FlNEl).—Peter Turner, 6, Garner's-brow, was fined 54. for keeping a dog without a license. For the sane offence, John Clarke, 24, Eldon-st., was fined a like amount. BREACHES OF THE PRAM—Kite Ellison. 12, Vernon's- yard, and Annie Hinds, 8, Carlisle-st., were bound over for six months for fighting in Dial-et., on April 28, arid ordered to pay 5.. costs.—Mirhael Mullhare, Michael O'Neal, Thomas Ellison, and James Munkearn, all resid- ing in the neighbourhood of Dial-st. were also charged with fighting in Dial-at., on April 13. P.C. Evans proved each case. They were each bound over to keep ! the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the costs. —Annie Eln!, 371, Wiuwick-r, aid, was bound over for six months for being disorderly in Winwick-road, on April 29 —Peter Hill was discharged on the same charge. FOOTBALL PLAYING IN THE STEEETS.—John Burton, 5, Edwat d-sL, John Bowen,9, ward-st.. Mattnew Flynn, 72, Pierpoint-et., and Benjamin Bennett, 120, Pierpomt- st., were all charged with playing football in Fierpoint- at., on April 28. P.C. Hollingsworth proved the case, and the defendants were each fined 24. 61.

THEFT OF VEGETABLES.—Sarah Ellen Ilanshury, 4, Robinaon's-yark was charged with stealing, in Dial-st., on Saturday qvening, a quantity of rhubarb and greens valued 31 , the property of Thomas Wit iamq, green- grocer, 18, :ntevenson-street. The Chief Constable stated that on Saturday evening, the complainant was in Dial. street, and left his truck while he went to the Old Crow. While he was there, he saw the defendant take some rhubarb, and greens, and run away. He ran after her and demanded rhem back, but she refused to give them up. Re could not go far after her as he had to go back and look after his truck, but he proceeded to the police

station where Detective Monahan was informed, and from the description given him, the defendant was arrested.—The complainant in supporting the chief con- stable's statement,said that the defendant had previously brought some watercress off him. Evidence was also given by Detective Monaghan.—The defendant, whose evidence was supported by Ellen McLoughlin denied that she stole the vegetables. She said that she paid for all that she had.—The magistrates, however, considered the case proved, and fined defendant 2. Bd. UNJUST SCALES. —Henry Ellison, 20, Percy-street,was charged with having a pair of scales which were unjust, on April 30:h. Mr. Place said that there were two pieces of lead on the scales which made them an ounce and eleven drams against the purchaser. He noticed that the handle of the scoop was missing, and he supposed that the lead was to counterbalance that. The scales were used for weighing potatoes. Mr. Place said that he did not think that the defendant was trying to cheat the public, but lie had admonished him time atter time. Defendant was fined 53. including costs.

THURSDAY—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman) and Lieutenant-Colonel Ridgway. THEFT.—Michael Burke, a young man, was charged with stealing from the shop of !tan Houghton, Butter- market-st., on Wednesday night,two pairs of stockings, valuv is. 31., her property. Detective Monaghan sta'ed that the s:ockings were seen safe outside Mrs. Houghton's shop in Buttermarket-at. on Wednesday evening, and were shortly afterwards missed. Informa- tion was given to witness, who in consequence arrested defendant and chaarged him with the theft, which he denied, and as the theft could not he brought IMme to him ho was released. It was not long,however,before the stockings were found pawned in a pawnshop in Mersey- at., where they had been pledged by defendant. The latter was again apprehended and admitted the offence. In court he said that he had been out of work for some time and had been tempted to steal.—The magistrates took a lenient view of the case and only recorded a conviction against the defendant, who was dismissed. Scuont ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for non-attendance of their children at school, Mr Riley prosecuted :—Charles Campbell, Bakehouse- yard, Ss. ;Lawrence Garrity, Old-road, boy ordered to attend school ; James Hayes, Silver-square, 2s. 6i. ; Isaac Phillips, Navigation-yard, 2s. 6i.; John Cant, Howley-lane, ; John Waddington, St. James'-5t.,53.; James Kenyon, Allen-st., 24.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •. .

===== 0002601_18950511_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18950511_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAT URDA V, MAY 11, 1895.

RUNCORN PETIY SESSIONS.

MONDAY--Before Major Hazlehurst (chairman), Messrs. T. Rigby and 3. Taylor. LICENSING MATTERS.---The following transfer of licenses were granted :—Ship Inn, Heath-road, from James Hunt to Joseph Smith; Oidfellows Arms, Wel- lington-st., from John Shaw to Elias Hurst; Camden Hotel, Surrey-st., from John Fleming to Edward Orme ; Grapes Inn, from James Ditchfield to William Baker; Bird-in-Hand, from William Baker to Emma Field.— Alfred Craddock was granted permission to sell at the Fleetwood Arms, Church-st., and Alfred Clayden was also granted permission to sell at the Slop Inn. AN UNDICZZLED DOG.—William Sheen, 7 Porter et., was fined 6s. including costs for allowing a dog to beat large unmuzzled in Flalton-road, on the 27th April. DRONE AND DISORDERLY.—Ann Bostock, boatwoman, Vicar-st., Runcorn, for being drunk and disorderly in Hatton, on the 29th April, was fined Sc. including costs. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for neglecting to send their children regularly to school. Mr. T. Bowyer, school attendance officer, prosecuted.—Thomas Hoxworth, Holloway; James Rose, Stoneeroft ; Ralph Ravenscrott, Lyon-st.; John O'Niel, Salkeld-square ; and John Gratten, Wickstone Hill. Warrants were issued in four cases where the de- fendants failed to answer the summons. NEW POOR RATE.—The magistrates affixed their signa- tures to a new poor rate of is. 81. in the £ for the town ship of Sutton, which is estim.ted to realise £545 18s.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON HIGHWAY BOARD.

The annual meeting of this Board was held in Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon. Mr. E. A. White, the deputy clerk, took the chair pro. tern., and there were also present: Captain Withington,Mossrs Royston, J. I-4110ton, Millington. J. Warburton, R. B. Matthews, Korfoor, J. Ball, B. Bate. P. J. Bate, R. T. Lowe, Ormrod,lClare,and W Thompion, (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18950511_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICIALS.

Mr. MILLINGTO—N-1;14;(:)sd and Mr. ROYSTON seconded the re-election of Captain Withington as chairman for the ensuing year. This was carried unanimously. Captain Withington in thanking the members for re- appointing him alluded to the fact that he had been chairman of the Board since its form-ition in 1868. and he said that as their time expired in 1897, he hoped that he would be the chairman until the end.

Mr. Royston was re-elected senior vice-chairman on the motion of Mr. P J. BATE. seconded by Mr. CLARE, and Mr. James Flouditon was re-elected junior vice- chairman -n the motion of the Crtentatabr seconded by Mr. KEE FOOT.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE..

- The following were a ppoint.-ct to the Finance Com- mittee for the ensuing year : the chairman, senior and junior vice-chairmen, and Messrs. J. Clare. El. Ba'e,and J. 1 Bate, R. T. Lowe, J. Kerfoot, J. Ball, J. Warburton.

THE AUDIT.

The CLERK SA id that the audit had been held on the previous Ttiursday and had passed off very satisfactor- ily. SURVEYOR'S ESTIMATES.

The Surveyor then submitted his estimates for the en- suing year which were based upon the estimate of an 81. rate. The total amount required was £4.851 15s. 8d and the following contributions will be required from the various town.hips : Burtonwood. £589 lie. 4d.; Cuerdley. £193 13s. 41.; Cutcheth, £5OB 12s ; Great Sankey, £262 1.1. e. 4,1.; Houghton, £7B 145.; Kenyon, £338 125. 61.; Little Sankey, £292 18s. 81.; Lowton, £352 B+. 81.; P..nketh, £272 t. 581.; Poulton,. £2Ol. 9 441 ; Rixton. £266 Ba.; C,rof t, £156 as. 81.; Winwick, £4BB Bs. 81. ; Woolston, £149 Bs. ; total, £4,150 17s. 21. The maintenance of secondary roads was estimated at £1,700 ; district roads, £1,445 ; improvements, £1.043; salaries, £463 14s ; and general expenses £2OO The Imprivements for the various townships were estimated to be, Burton- wood, £3O; Cuerdley £6B; Culcheth, £155; Great San- key, £6O; Houghton, £6O; Kenyon, £5O; Lowton, £lOO included in the second,ry roads estimates; Pen- keth, £9O; Poulton, £100; 11,xton, £100; Croft, £80; Winwick, £140; Woolston, £110; t,tad £1,043. It was estimated that £B5O would be returned from the County Council.—Mr. ROYSTON objected to an 81. rate. He proposed as an amendment that tie rate be the same as last year, namely 7d.—The CLERK said that a 71. rate would probably meet the expenditure although it would be cutting it very fine.—Mr. KERFO .T seconded Mr. Royston's motion.—Mr. P. J. BATE moved an amend- ment that the rate he 81. in the £ as suggested by the Surveyor.—Mr. ORMROD seconded the amendment, and upon the resolution and amendment being put to the vote, there voted for an 81. rate, Messrs. H. Bate, P. J. Bate,Ormrod, Clare, Houghton, and Ball—for a 7d. rate, Messrs. Royston, Lowe, Millington, Warburton, and Kerfoot.—An Bd. rate will therefore be levied for the ensuing year.

, COST OF OPPOSING THE BOROUGH EXTENSION. In reply to a question, the CLERIC said that the cost to th., Board in opposing the bornuah extengion had hen £3B 14., which was chiefly made up of counsel's fees. The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
01-MY'S CIRCUS, WARRINGTON.

Mr. ()limy still continues to cater for the Warrington public with unabated success. E .ch week a number of new and popular" stars "is engaaed, and in their many and varied accomplishments combine to produce a per- formance which for all-round excellence would be hard to beat. The following has been the list for the past week : —Miss Minnie, equestrienne ; funny act by the funny clown ; two handsome performing ponies directed by Mr. °luny ; ElAude Ohms in his rolling globe show, throughout which the youth in question displays credit- able skill as jug,der in additi4n ti his facility in balanc- ing; Minis. Perrani aid his spelling horse ; Whimisical and the other donkey which is quite as accomplished as his predecessor ; Miss Adelena Patty, the human twist. and Master Fritz ; Young Ohmy as the boy jockey ; clown Walker in an act of his own ; Mons. Colezl, the Clever gymnast and triple bar performer ; comic act, —story telling ; Barnum, the bucking mule ; smart ex- position Of tight-wire walking by Master o;uny ; Miss Isabella and her pigeons ; Miss Ada Rooke, the skillful bareback rider ; Whimisical as humorist ; the Fitzr. ys, the Warrington Marvels. 01 the latter Mr. Olimy after returninf, thanks to the audience for their presenee,said that if they saw nothing ;!.,Ise but these young ladies it would repay them for a visit. This we,,k is their first appearance in Warrineton and he was sure they were a •.iredit to Warrington as their birthplace. The number- less feats which they then went through on the tripe Ze and singe rope were marvellous,and it can truly be said that all the feats illustrated on the show bills were dis- played before the admiring eyes of the spectators. One performance deservtng of particular mention was that of the youngeinf the two girls blindfolding herself, tying herself in a sack, and then boldly swinging through a paper drum into the arms of her sister. Their lather, in introducing them ta the audience, challenged the profes- sion to produce their equals and we should think it was no vain boast. Miss Adelena Patty, the human twist, , gave evidence of wonderful suvoleness of limb and the . postures in which she put herself would previously have been thought physically impossible. Master Fritz in the same performance provides considerable attraction by his ability as a chair artiste. Mons Peyrani's spelling horse has evidently been highly trained tor from the letters of the alphabet ranged round the ring he brought the letters comprising the word !! Thomas in his mouth to his master, and that without any hesitation. The horse of Miss Isabella also knows his business and jumps successively and fearlessly over a blazing beam, as well as showing his knowledge of the art of dancing. The same lady has a ft,cknf pig(ons which at the sound of a pigeon shot fly out and perch themselves confidently on the barrel of the weapon. The,e :ire the chief anti newest attractions of the week but the rest are 17 no means to be despised, and ell should pay a visit to tho i circus this afternoon aud judge for themselves.

ALLCOOK'S CORN EXTRACTOR. A Corn Pboter Combined (Patented), a wonderful improve- ment. This PlR•ter is the well-known Alleock's Corn Plaster With a llttte 1l c added that, in a tew days extracts the Corn, _ and r, lief is felt a. soon as appl ; for all pressure o r the bo ,t is removed. D n't be put off with any other remedy, as none other will give the immediate comfort. Pattie 74d, and Is. Id., her box of all Chemists. Sold by : J. it. YOUNG, Pharmaceutical Chu mist, Warrington.

SANKEY WESLEYANS V. LIVERPOOL WINDSOR WESLEYAN& ....Placmi at Liverpyol ou lUrd3 V SANKEY WESLIS,AN&__ _WINDSOR WESLEYAN&

J Pe-eish Btk A 13 Bailey b fliaPen 0 Le Bun b Beam.tn F J.-fferson c Or) ett b flrolott b B-aman 0 m mer 0 Evans c Batman b Watkins 8 8 Beaman b Buller _ _ .

F Tavl )r b obson 3 Beaman J Booth c Rnbert.4, b Daviesb Waikins_ 3

, Rottun R Sudlow 0 Hobert...l b iiimm,,r b Watkins 0 liobgon F Light b Baker W Bennett not out 1 Robson not out 0 R Watkins b Groeo t C Pritchsr4 b tirocott

Extra, , 7

ToL%I

Extras 3

Total

SANKEY WESLEYANS 2xn v. C.L.C. 2Nc.—Played at Liverpo,,l-rod ground. Scores :

Si NZ EY WESLF.Y.L NS. C.L.C. W H Cott-rall low b DPalv b W H Cotterall 6 (lenders l3 Jolley b J Roderick 8 J Pemberton b (lenders ... ) Coscrove b J liod rick D Roderick aWh trhurst... 29. walker b Cotterall J Hal-rick b Walker 2 Hand. re h rotterall Ali Wiley b Deftly G Hor ell b W dker W Roderick b Walker 2 Hog,' b Cotterall . . 6

- Cowt-Iserall b Wharhouae 4 Forster b J Roderick H Hardy e Jone 3 b Whar- 30ender5 c D Roderick b house 0 Jyoderie',

R Gorst not out J Tonga run out 1 Bolsworih Bt D Roderick b J. Roderick 2 Extras

Total

Total 57

LY3III v. WHITECTIOSS.—This match was played at Lvmm on Sature'ay, and resulted in a win for the home team, Bradburn, HA dock, Dodson and Yost batting very well for the home side. The highest score during the day was folds by Yost, who put together a well played innings of 29 not out.

EARLESTOWN T. SOUTTIPORT.—On Saturday afternoon Southport visited Earleaown to play the first home fix- ture. The weather was of a beautiful description, and there was a large company of spectators. The home captain won the tos., and elected to go to the wickets first. Husband and Dennis faced the attack of White and Turner. Several boundaries and singles were taking the score up at an alarming, rate, but no division could be effected, both batsmen having, evidently got set. After a partnership of 25 minutes, Dennis was bowled by Turner for a carefully played 26. Miller replaced Dennis and his first effort resulted in a boundary. This he followed with a swipe for a two, and a drive for three. The second hall following, he lifted clear of the ground on the buildings opposite. He shortly afterwards lifted another into back lt,gent-street. The next ball he skied, ‘rhich was held by Brown, after speedily adding a useful. 27. Nokes joined Husband, but the partnership was short lived, flushand being stumped, his contribution twin z 23 Bell filled the vacancy, and both players hit out freely, boundaries coming in quick succession. Bell fter a freely played innings of 44 was bowled by Wilk- neon. Clare joined Nokes, and after the latter had added 51 to the score, the innings were declares closed, tout wlekets for 188. Southport went on.and within two miw.tes of time, tney were all out for 75. Score :

HABLESTOWN. _ SOUTHPORT. GE Husband it Holden b J H Holden c and b Bell 19 green 0 Dennis b Turner 2B S R Brown b Husband... 27 J Miller c Brown b Turner 27 Il Dry b ;fell . 0 W H Nrooss not out 5l R W White lbwb Husband 0 RBe lb Wilkinson 44 J R Batty b Bell F P Clare not out l4 5 Green b Alderson 4 W H Crowther to bat W A Fernihough b J H Alderson .. Husband 0 T Barker .., A Lucas b Barker . 9 T Mitchell R B Harding b Hn,band 2

.. O W Einmf-tt B Wilkinson not out .. Bxtras 3 Extras 4

Total 188 Total 75 EARLESTOWN 2ND v. SOUTHPORT 2ND. —Played list Southport. Sore : SOUTHPORT. ELRLBSTOWN. B Greenhough b Hotrison 0 3 SandPrs b Rees 8 A L Mellor b J.Marsh ...... 0 W H tton e and b Rees 1 A H Hatch c Hopwood b 3 Mash is Franceys b ' Marsh 3 Poo' ey 2 W Finch b Ma, sh 0 J Barr o Greenough b 0 ees b Hsrrison T Gill b T Marsh 4l P 3 t'rnmett b Gill ...... ... 25 L H Franesys b J Hirsh R stevenson st Horsley b a T Marsh not out Marsh 0 0 Hlpw-od bGIII l2 E Onenshaw c and b Hsrri- 3 And rton b Gill 0 son F Fenniough not out ll W Har .ison b Gill R H Poo'ey b T Marsh 0 Extras 0 Extras

Tani

Total

NEWTON-LE. WILLOW 3 V. CHEETE4III.-4t Chectha m. Score :

REPT,N•LE-W ILLOWB. CHEETHAM. Cooke b Hippie 7 W R Sinclair not out. .... 30 W Turton c Parker b T H -inclair lbw, b Mills

Dipple 4 W Parker run out R Bate, c T H Sinclair b 0 R S art:Kt run out I Langstaff W H Parkes b Allen R Mills h Bailey l5 lintes 0 D Lister c Langstaff b Wl4 Allen b Bates 4 Bailey 8 D R Bolton b Cooke lO W H Hindley b Ildley... 7 W B Bui ley t) Bates 0 W Dudgeon b Bailey 5 .1 8 T Dipple b Bates 0 A Ensbell rs Buckley b H Bailey lbw, b Cooke l2 Batley T Erlerlev b Bailey 3 W Wright not out Bxtras 8 Extras 5

Total 94 Total... 74 HOLY TRINITY V. FIALTON W.C.C.—Played at RLIRCOTII on Saturday. Score :

II LLTON. TRINITY. Holt b Hall 3 Hall b Smith 4

Reynolds c Hall b Marsh 0 Pendlebury c Reynolds b Smi.h b Much 1 Smith 1 Gregory r4n out Bradbury c and b ”arsh l9 Sm th 3 Bowl' ,son b Radcliffe ...... .. 4 Marsh b riradbury A _Hughes a Marsh b _ Wickstead b Smith 1 _

Ratwiffe 0 Godier h Bradbury 3 n Hughes b Marsh Saunder c lia lullffeb Marsh 6 Radcliffe b Bradbury 0 Tomlinson not out 3 Hall b Bradbury 2 Leach a Leach b Marsh 1 Temperly a Hall b Smith 9 _ Leach net out

Extras 2

Extras 2

Total 5l

Total

Itcrlicoax V. WESTON.—These local teams met at the new cricket ground,Weston, on Saturday, before a large number of spectators. Both of the village bands were present. The Westonians won the toss and decided to bat first, and at the close of their innings had scored 67 runs. Mr Jones gave a splendid exhibition with the bat scaring 34. The Runcornians followed, but owing to the solenoid howling of the telme team, they were not able to make any stand, Mr.J. Tudor taking six wickets for nine rune. Score :

WE,PON. RUNCORN. Jones h Gat). y J .13 Tudor run ott, _

J Tudor c Tickle bGattey 2 Abrpunß b Pendiebury l3 A 3 Weston b Abram ... 12 G Frith b J Tudor 2 LizhtfootcfloothbAbrarnis 3 Tickle o Anderton b J Hope e Cragg b Abr.ms... 0 Tudor 3 Rowleso & h Abrams 0 Galley c J B Tudor b Ow-n run out _ _ _ _ _ 10

Brookes not nut Pend lebury run out Anderton b Abrams Booth c J Tudor b J B Tudor 0 Crogg b J Tudor 0 Extras 3 Extras 3

Total

Total

HIGHYIELD TANNERY (RUNCORN) V. FRODSHAM WESLEYANS —The resolt of the engagement between these two !.eams on Saturday was a victory for Highfield by the narrow mlrgin of one run. cre:—

YRODBAM. /ITGDFIELD TANNERY. Catiwell b Hays, J Hulse e Johnson b worth Dutton Chatworth b lavesw

Charlesworth h Hut ton 4 Houghton G Hulse b Dutton Johnson b Haves 1 Bate b Houghton 0 Goodall a Hassal b Hayes 0 Lightfoot c Thomas b Lloyd b Dutton 9 (Itatwortlf 0 Littler b Dutt n 7 Hayes run out 9 Thomas not out 0 For haw o Caldwell b -

Houghton b Hays, Johns -n b Houghton 0 ankey h Chatworth 1 Haddock no out 1 Extras . 3 Extrts

Total

Total 2B

RUNCORN VICS. V. WIDNES RED RosE.—Played at Widnes on Saturday. The visitors won a splendid game by nine rune. Score :

_ RUNCORN VICS. WIDNRS RED ROSE. Leatbwood b Hague Betley b Hendv Howard lbw b Trendy 2 Hit ison b V Burrows... 6 F Burrows b Hague 5 Det-ennort lbw b C Hough not out l7 Burrows Simpson b Hem'ly C Burrows c Lightfoot b Cochrane o Leathwood b Bendy 0 F Burrows 1 Jones c Cook b Bendy ..... 0 Jones b C Burrows 0 Austen b Hague Sbingler c and b Bendy 1 Hague not out Leach b Hague 0 Cook b S mpson Lightfoot b Simpson Extras ........... ....... 1 Extras 9 . Total 4B Total 39

In the Memorial Hall, London, on Tuesday, the Rev. Dr. J. Guinness Rogers was presented with a congratu- latory address and a cheque for a thousand guineas in recognition of the completon of half a century of ministerial and public life. Mr. Gladstone's name was amongst those of the contributors.

THE SANITARY CONDETION OF THE RIINCO itN RITR r, DISTRICT.

MEDICAL or, , REPORT.

Dr. Adams, of Warringtos, the Medical Officer of Health for the Runcorn Rural Sanitary dist.ict, bas just issued his report for 1891 on the sanitary condition of the district. The area, exclusive of Grappenball, The!- wall, awl Latchford Without is 45,941 acres, and he esti- mates the population for 1894 to he about 23'304.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
C RICK ET.

( ED. G. BINSEY AND 00., the leading Sports Vfanufac- . tur-rB, of London, ELB , have publkhad a most com- plete catalogue tt is bound to interest. Cricketers, Go,ters, T,nniser,, Croquet Players and the like If you cannot obtain a cope from the Local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B and Co., as a,ove. Cricketers should get the G. G. B Diary, price 6L-3.. post free.

WARRINGTON V. PRESTON.—TheI, WAS a good gate ar the Warrington enclosure on Saturd ty when the above match was played off under favourable conditions, the scores were:

WARRINGTON. PRESTON. It Smith c Leigh b J Leigh bCI ,rke RO.rerts‘ BAtes c Ladrman b J Hois c Bibby b Smith Sutton 0 C Ra•twood b Bates G. Clarke b R b,rts Yir Wordsw,,rth b Itoberts 6 T B Sandyman a Words- .' Callon c and b Roberta 10 worth b Bates Clark lbw ~ R ,berti 0 J S Pinchara b Bates W H Podmore b Sutton... 7 H S Idattliews C Callon b J B,bby c Brewer b Clarke 2 Sutton l2 JO Brewer b Hates 0 R Adamson c and b Roberta at Clark b Bates Roberts B Woo,la not out 9 J Carter b Roberts

Extras 0

Ext,rts

Total 4B BOWLING ANALYSIS.

Total 92

WARRINGTON. O.M.R W. PREPTON. 0. M. R. W. Roberts l9 3 8 18 7 It Smith l5 5 25 .3 Sutton 19 8 30 3 Bates 22,2 10 25 5 Clarke 8 027 2 W Wordsworth 2 0 7 0 J Bibby 2 1 6 0 WARRINGTON SECOND, v. GoLBOWNE —Played at Golborne 4)n Saturday in good weanwr. Score :

GOLBORNE. _ WARRINGTON. J. 14ernbrough b Crompton 2 Duckworth c Waterworth Richarthon c Rushworth b b Clayton Crompton 6 H tmps .n b Richardson... 5 Smith c ii. Fleming b lin hworth c Hembrough Due (worth Taylor b trouipton 1 Crompton not out ......... 12 Clayton lbw b Crompton Davies e Ruahworth b R. Fleming (captain) b Drompton Entwistle °Ashton b Duck- Ashton not out 3 wort la Hurst bSilcock 9 lug, and GI. Halton did Water wot th net out 24 not bat. J. II embrJugh c R Fleming b Rush worth 2 Bates cant b Duckworth l2 Extras 8

ExtrAs 9

Total

HOLY TRINITY V. BEWSRY•ROAD Y.S.P.C.E.—This matcu took place on the ground of the former on Satur- day. Score : HOLY TRINITY. Y P 3.C.E Rigby b 'St hitehou e 7 Gleave c Jones b Seddon 3 Taylor o and b (De we T Uhler b Jonos 0 Whitehouse c Clegg 0 W /Cher b Jo les Seddon c Wiloinanb Jones 8 Sinclair b Jones Jones c Whitehouse b Cotton' run out l2 Jones 6 Midge b Seddon ...... ...... 0 Pemberton b Whitehouse 1 Shaw .un out Pugh b Whitehouse Clegg b Gleave Skelton not out Bradley b [lie we 0 Brethestun b Seddon lixtras 4 Extras 1

Total 4O

Total 2B

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HELSBY.—Played on Saturday at flelshy. Woodcock for the visitors played exceed- ingly we!l. Sore : SANKEY W. M. EIELSBY. Williams o Harnaraan 5 Brooking lbw b Marshall ... 7 Marshall b Harnaman 3 Oates o Bailey b Hobson ... 1 Woodcock not out Evans b White 1 Taylor b Marshall Hobson b liarnamau 3 CrJastand c Evans b Palmer c P.,arsort b Marshall Harnaman 6 Harding b Evans JohneoucPearsonbWhlte 1 White a Helaby b Marshall 12 ii.ossisitl b 5ud10w......... 0 Knight b HVan3 Hobs fy b White , BAley 0 White 2 Sudlow c Whliams b 'Sub b White 0 Evans Pearson not out Extras

Total -- Total 4l Y M.C.A. 2ND v. WIGAN INDEPENDENT METHODIST 2ND.—Played at Warrington. Score : Y.M.O A. WIGAN. Fletcher e Ratcliffe b Forster b Jewaes Hewitt 2 Taylor (1') b Jewkes Gorst b itateliffe Longdin b Razcliffe Jewkei b Hewitt 6 Jewkes Barker b Ratcliffe Lake b Hewitt 4 Isixon c Wright b Jewkes 2 How tali b Dix°. Storey b ti, wl t Wrigii: b Hewitt 2 Jewkes Barber not out 4 Taylor (J) b Longdin 2 Shaw b Dixon Miller b Jewkes Extras 3 Extras 1

Total 46

Tot 11

Y.M. r. k. v. Wroarr INDEPENDENT METHODIST,— Played at Wigan, and attar a very exciting fi nab, the Wigan mub won by 5 runs. Woods and Thompson bowled exceedingly well for the Y.M.C.A., the former pelf titling the hat trick, and taking in all 6 wickets for 12 runs, and the latter 4 wickets tor 5 runs, Score : Y M.C.s. WIGAN. ChadAick b arock ...... 0 Goodman b Thompson ... 0 Gough b Mistook Thompson b Eat ock Jew 4es b Satock., 0 Lom.,x b Woods Farquharson run odt 0 Ratcliffe b Woo Is 0 Wood i c Goodman c tivyes 2 Smith b Woods 0 Roddy b Heyea Rule & b Eatock ...... 3 Roby b Thompson Sanders b Hayes 0 High on h Woods Payton run out 0 Walls not out 4 Norman not out 1 Batock b Woods 2 Extras 3 Extras 2 _

Total l4

Total l9

- PETER WALKER AND SON (1.D.) V. PETER WALKER AND SON (UHENTRH).—Piayod at Warrington, on attaday. Score : WARRINGTON. CHESTER. Arber b Hack Till ng o McNeil Ashton b Hack Bailey b Hack E Allen b ntanyer 80l on!) Hack 3 Bowen Brooks b T Allen 0 (Jame run -Mt Todd c and b Stanyer T Allen b McNeil 6 Wray 0 Bailey b T Allen 0 Brooks h H .ck 4 Ledsham c Bailey b T Green c Johnson b Hack Unsworth not out Middleton b Ashton Daniels run out Extras 2 Extras ' Total 46 Total --

BUCKLEY-ST. 8.5. 9 FAIRFIELD C.C.—Thia match took place on Saturday on the gr.msid of the former, and ended in an easy win for the home team by 138 and 2 wickets. . Score : BUHRLEY-ST. FAIRFIELD. Hincliffe b filmic Pugh run out. ISr•rueeb A hittaker 1 Parkes b Hindu ... ......... 1 Rail ci r,'yr,;biWhittaker ... 7 Mourificieiltii , c Spruce b L 3 Cook b Byre 25 Byre o Spruce b Hinchliffe 1 Addison ran out l2 Basenville c Addison b Liunders not out ... A Leech n t out. 8 J Illnde b winclallefe Baker did not bat E Hampson b Spruce Balnt.e b Spruce Booth net out Extras 7 Extras 1 Total 150 Total l2 .. CHESHIRE LINES ESGINEERS v. SIITTON.—PIayed at ' BattersbOane, Warrington, on Saturday, a good game 1 resulting in a win for the Engineers by 10 runs. 1 Score : I SUTTON. ENGINEERS. • McCully not out 2O Jae Monks b Whitfield W B lot lor I. Jas Montqs 3 Nobinson b Hughes X Willis c JO) b Jas Monks 1 Prou,dove c btrachan b Bu fis bIA arri.,oa it uglie., b Jae Nlonks ...... 1 Lawless b Hughes Whtfield b •Vir Monks ... 0 lowa- dc a b Whitfield Si-radian b JAN Monks ... 7 S Hackett C McCully h 11 Fi,l, r c Ilarrhori b Ja, Whitfield Monks 0 Harrison b Whitfield MIL. 6 run out Jos Tr.y ior run out 0 Jno Monks b Whitfield Ci Taylor b Har,ison ...... 4 Brown b Whitfield E Hackett e Strachan b Taylor... Extras 3 Extras 5

Total 56 Total 66 , MOORE V. S. ANN'S.—Played at MOOTS. S. Taylor accompltshed the hat trick. Score : Mllt,111: . ST. ANN'S. Jas. Antrobus hit wicket... 0 Taylor b Autrobna Banner b ilosworlh 6 llarriaon run ~ut 0 Vorster b /lAnl4 3 Morrii b Taylor , Millington b Appleton Taylor b Appb-ton 1' Johnson b App eton Wit ,inami n t out 7 Appleton b Antrouus 2 J Antrobib be Appleton ... 0 Knight b Taylor Webb b Thomps.n . 1 Rol. sworth o Taylor b KilAldav, b liewehsn 3 Atrobus 0 It Johnson b Hewellyn 0 Barris run out ............... 0 it, Thompson notont ............ 0 Extras Total 26 Total l2

===== 0002601_18950511_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18950511_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,• •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_-_ . _

===== 0002601_18950511_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRTHS AND DEATHS.

During the year ending December 31st, 1894, 661 births and 359 deaths were regilvered as having occurred within the Rural District ; these figures, compared with those ,4 last year, show a decrease of 62 births and a further neerease of 81 deaths. But these 359 deaths include all those which have occurred within Dutton Workhouse, amounting in all to 26 ; 15 of these are des- cribed in the deaths returns as belonging to Runcorn Urban District : deducting these from the total 4 359 deaths, we arrive at a corrected total, for the Rural District, of 344. Of these no less than 39 formed the onbi.-cs of Coroners' enquiries (the same number as in 1893), while 6 were returned as " uncertified," or "'No Medical Attendant." Of the births, 339 were males, and 329 females; of the deaths, 194 were males, and 164 females. The birth rate for the year 1891, was 29 7 per 1000 per annum of estimated population,compared with 30 8 per 1000 in 1893. The average birth rate for the preceding 10 years being 30 1 per 1000. the birth rate for 1894 is thus slightly below the average.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ZYMOTIC MORTALITY' .

Compared with last year, there is a very distinct im- provement, nly 48 deaths having occurred from all the zymotic diseases, corrinared with 70 in 1893; and of these 48 deaths in 1894, 15, or almost one-thir were caused by whooping cough, and all occurred in children under rive ears of age. Smallpox is entirely absent from the lit, while diarrhcea. which•in 1893 carried off 35, caused only 9 deaths in 1894, 6 of which were chil- dren under 5 years of age. Influenza, which appeared again in the district in 1894. accounted for 6 deith, compared with 7 de-ithe in 1893, 17 in 1892, 19 in 1891, and 6 in 1890, when it first appeared amongst us.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER DISEASES.

The other diseases included phthisis—causing 21 deaths, 2 of which were in children under syears oi age, and 19 in persons over 5 yea's of age, and yielding 5 8 per cent. of total deaths, or a death-rate of .9 per 1,000 per annum of estimated population; bronchitis, pneumonia, and pleurisy—causing 51 deaths, of which 26 occurred in persons under 5 years of age, and 25 in persons over 5 years of age; yielding 142 ner cent, of total deaths, or a death-rate of 2.18 per 1,000 per annum of estimated population; heart disease, &.—causing 36 deaths. all of them in persons over 5 years of age; yield- ing 10.0 prr cent. of total deaths, with a death-rate of 1.5 per 1,000 per annum of estimated population; in- juries, accidents, and violence—causing 27 deaths of which 3 were in persons of under 5 years of age, and 24 in persons of 5 years of age and upwards; yielding 7.5 per cent, of total deaths, with a death-rate of 1•1 per 1,000 per annum of esti- mated population; all other diseases causing 176 deaths, of which 56 occurred in persons under 5 years of age, and 120 in persons of 5 years and upwards ; yielding 49 per cent, of the total deaths, with a death- rate of 7.9 per 1,000 per annum of estimated popula- tion.

INFECTIOUS DISEASES —202 cases of infectious diseases wer” notified in 1894, compared with, in 1893. •SOB cases; In 1892, 124 cases; in 1891, 108 cases; in 1890, 105 eases. Scarlet fever invaded 20 out of the 36 townships of the rural district, but the main incidence of the disease was mcentrated on Kingsley (49 cases), and Weston (35 cases). The con. inued spread of the disease in the former of these townships, in spite of every precaution, led to the closing of the schools, when the outbreak rapidly subsided. In the case of Weston, it was decided to withhold the order for the closing of the schools, as sources of intection appeared to be probable outride school ; the disease shortly afterwards abated. Com- menting on this Dr. Adams says: Again, as I have repeatedly pointed out, if an Isolation Hospital had been ready for the reception of one or two of the earlier cases, the outbreak (in the cases of Kingsley and Weston) might have been confined to very narrow limits, while the ab,ence of any arrangements, sanctioned by this Authority, to utilme their steam disinfector, led to the continued infective power of clothing, bedding, .kc., being established, long after the patients had fully recovered. I understand, however, that the committee appointed to deal with my rezommendations on this point, an-. about to submit a report, which, if adopted, will carry out my recommendations on this matter." With regard to the sanitary arrangements z..f the fol- lowing townships the Medical Officer reported as follows :

- APPLETON The contemplated sewerage extension referred to in last year's report has been effected this year, and moreover has been added to ; there has been a considerable addition of new houses in Stockton Meath ; in fact this part of the township is increasing rapidly. Seven cases of scarlet fever, and two of typh.Jid fever, occurred during 1891, but no deaths. FRODSHAId : Frodsham has a water supply at last. 'the water scheme is now completed, and many houses are already connected to it. A further loan of money has been raised, to enable the water scheme to reach more distant outlying parts of the district, which is a matter much to he desired. Re could only repeat, with emphasis, his regret that Frodsham Lordship hiS decided at present to forego the benefits pf this scheme, by abstention from participation in it. Fredsham contri- buted 6 cases of scarlet fever, 6 of diphtheria, 1 of typhoid fever, and 5 of erysipelas, to the list of notified cases; while its zymotic -death roll comprised 5 deaths from measles, and 1 from diarrlicea, FRODSHAII LORDSHIP: There were 4 cases of scarlet fever, 1 of typhoid, and 1 of erysipelas were notified ; zymotic deaths were from—typhoid fever, 1; measles, 1; and whooping cough, 3. HALTON : There is no alteration in the water supply to "'TheCom•non." Perhaps the new Parochial Committee will he able to effect an alteration. _ _

FIELSBY : The consideration of improved sanitation of a public character remains in abeyance. There has been little done as to providing a water scheme. One care of diphtheria, one of typhoid fever, and one of erysipelas, were notified; the zymotic deaths were, oar! from diphtheria, and one frem whooping cough. MOORS : The :sewer in Moss-lane has undergone a further extensions; otherwise there has been nothing to record. One case of typhoid fever was notified, and died.

WHITLEY INFERIOR AND SUPERIOR After 1893, when 37 cases of scarlet fever, with one death, occurred, it is satisfactory to know that only one case was reported in each of these townships diiring 1894. The only zvmotic death occurred in Whitley In- ferior, from whooping cough. WESTON ; While Westan has figured promin- ently in the matter of nptified infectious diseases (comprising 35 cases of scarlet fever, 5 of (liph,heria. 4 of typhoid fever, and 1 of erysipelas),it has escaped with only one zymotin death from scarlet•fever. There is yet room for great im- provement as regards water pressure, and he would di- rect their attention to this matter during the coming year. As suggested last year, " the supply should be made continuous, by enlargement of the mains by the Runcorn Commissioners, which I believe would be in accordance with their Act of Parliament."

A report by tho inspector of Nuisances (Mr. J. Far- rington) is also given.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
O'DONOVAN ROSSA. IN rHE HOUSE OF

COMMONS. SINGULAR INCIDENT.

An almost somnolent House of Commons was on Wed- nesday afternoon startled out of its placid endurance of an afternoon's debate on a question on which every member has already made up his mind, by a voice, rich in brogue, suddenly resounding from the Strangers' Seats under the gallery. For a moment it was supposed by thitse who failed to realise that this did not proceed from the Nationalist benches, that an Irish member was interrupting Mr. Dunbar Barton in an exclamation he had risen to make respecting something attributed to him by the Chief Secretary. " Mr. Speaker," weee the words that were hurtled across the chamber, "an assas- sin's blow has been dealt me in this House." By this time members realised that the dearest privileges of the House were being outraged by the audacity of some straneer endeavouring to make known his grievance. The invasion was resented by loud cries of " Order" and Stranger." Bel ore the Deputy-Sergeant-at-Arms could reach the interrupter from the front, and before the attendants could assail him in the rear, the ' voice went on, " A stain has been put upon My name, and I have come down to this House in order to say --" So far it got, but no farther,for the guardians of 11 ow and order were by this time within reach of the trespasser, and the rest of his observations remain lost in oblivion. He very quietly obeyed the order to with- draw, and stood in the Central Hall placidly awaiting developments, and possibly not wholly undesirous of having, for purposes of fame in America, the honours of the Clock 'rower, for by this time it was very generally known that it was Mr. O'Donovan Rossa who had created this diversion. Inspector Horsley arrived in the Central Hall almost as soon as the intruder. No heroic martyrdom was, however, reserved for the latter. Act- on the instructions of Mr. Gosset, the inspector techni- cally removed the flouter of Parliamentary manners from the sacred precincts. There was no need for vio- lence. Roma placidly walked beside his captor dawn the corridor, across the outer 'octagon, and dawn St. Stephen's Hall, until he was delivered into the street, directions being given to all the constables passed on the way that he was not to be readmitted. While outside, apparently deliberating where next to go, O'Donovan Hosea was joined by Mr. William Red- mond and one or two members of Parliament. From the statements made to them, it appears that the grievance which he had taken this sensational method of ventilat- ing was not anything that had occurred in debate, but a letter written by Mr. Labouchere some six years ago. This be produced, amid a crowd of other documents, from his pocket,in justification of the original step taken for his vindication. The exhibition thus created has been the principal topic of discussion in the lobbv.There is every reason to believe that Rossa went deliberately to the House in order to advertise himself. He was ad- mitted on an admission order signed by Mr. Edward Barry, member for Mid Cork.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. , ' -

===== 0002601_18950511_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .);

===== 0002601_18950511_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950511_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
",

===== 0002601_18950511_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA BLE.

MAY.

FROM WARIUMITON TO

120. Acton Brllge-7 10,7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 53, 2 35, 5 is. 5 35, Sundays 10 15 a.m. &Bear and 1101lionse-7 12,8 31,a11 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 65 VI 9 Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50. a Stops if requiren. Birmingham (L N -W.).30.a3 23, 7 10,9 50, 120, 1 50,3 11, 6 15, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0. 3 23,10 15,4 2C, 11 35. a Moo- 'ltY° °MY' *llolldaVs excepted. 661qm:11.110am flnidland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. 4,8 47 10 2.Blackburn-240,5 20, 5 45, 8 33, 9 55, 11 40.12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 61 Suudays 843. 60. • - EllokPool-5 20, 545, 835, 955, 100, 11 40. 12 55, 205, 648, 6 14, f 17, 8 47;10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 60. Bolton-2 45, 8 25, 9 19. 100, (.1 . 40. 12 14, 3 20. 4 21, 6 25, 717, 9 8 Bunday 740 a.m. 50. Carlisle-2_ 240 40, 5 ,3 35 20, 5 45, 10 0, 11 4(5, 225, 3 43. Sundays , Chester-. 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52. 3 17, '22, 5 11,6 4,7 42, '▪ 2010 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45,11 32. Green--7 10. 820 105, 127,1235,330,348,58, 35rewe-a3 0 Sundays 84.3, 0. C, 53 23 710 829. 950, 10 45, 120. 153. 11 3,5' . 3 1„,1, 5 15, 72j, 5138' Suuhays 30. 3 23, 10 15, 4 20, n llare4sb'u°rayd-a1542,ex55,cep i 5 .55111T.37,b only.dal,B , 6 4, 7 42, 10 14. 6Uadays 8 44, 745 P.m. „ Derby (314114nd)-6 14, 959, 11 55, 12 55. 64,10111 Ye 11 45 am., 4 Z 5 p•m•32o, 5 0, 11 53, aon• lento's% n 4 -545, 710, 325, 835, 10 43, 12 7, 12 35. 115. 6 2J,7 8, 9 15, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays.? 40, 8 43, *Saturdays omy -'dthurgtl-240, 520, 955, 11 40, 12 35, 225, 348, 10 15, °MaYs 240 a rn 9 4 Dom 32:01: lit !It: be t7`err. v Pen-k. th -738, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 25, • 80, 945, Sundays 6 48,2 40, 7 50. I 42 10 la,r° -742,9, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, (b;.,"' Sundays 544 a.m., 74. P.,'• 1 5. 4(ooiieshire Liue.H-1 i 2, 756. 831, 95, 12 0. days 9 0 9,. 610, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- cSa QnlY. 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 Li, 10 18. dSaturdays .alcuaya ex 3epted. 6uncrtgow -2 40, 5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 12 33. 2 25, 3 48, 10 13. (3.06,Ye 2 40, a.m. 9 45. °l.4e-b 45, 711, 835, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays ‘B' 6 35. 7 17, 915 10 DJ. Sundays 8 43. 6 0.. 610, °-7,4nreeu-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,120. 1 5,2.10,4.0, 7 9 80, a 9 30, alO 20, Sunday coatula-' 4a, 117 J, 918. °Mondays and Saturdays only. lrl,j,,Vl9eacePted. Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55r 8 16, 70, 915 Latell ° 56. ‘ io a 2. 3 2. 5 16, 7 18, 935. 1049 Arpley Station-6 722. 8 0, 9_o, 958,__ 36. 116. 3 38, 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45 9 1.7. ° b 0( 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. i 2 -aIeTIL. & N.-W.)-25, 7 10, 8 2J, 835, 10 5, 127, .6 0. 5,?, 6207 8, 1020- Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 843, 328. From High Level Platform. 1163 '; (Prom Low Level Platforno-7 38, 825,9 43,10 10, 44' 3 20, 6 12,6 17 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 780, 850 ZI:1061 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35. 530, 7 12,7 5 8 31, 1 6.1, 950, Li 24, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50, 12 3, 12 50,._ I'4 P. 6 50,7 -0-,jp, 2 10, 2 53,3 8. 3 32, .3 50, 4 0,..4 50, 5,5 J, 6118, BQhda 4.••• 80, 8 50,9 8 9 18, 10 15 10 40. all 13. 11 9. 1019. 1083,5 30. 90, 9 55,' 11 25. 2 23, 2 39. 710, 830, 9lB • aLxcept Mom lays. 1, „ _ 3 (~, "ii• 3 11, 5Te • 11. .35 bundays 30, 10 15, 420. 11 3a. 1,,,n4dik1U444Y8 ex.ce tea. 03 23. 7 35, 9 50, 10 45, 121 Suatia -°4 (XidlaaniP 614 9 59. 11 39. 1255,320,50. 1153. I Ye 11 45 ' , dn., 425 p.m. ~20. 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,,_ / 3 3,8: 45etb,(1,:, ° 13, 78, a? 45. 913. Sundays 16 DU. 38, ~ +0 Marie,'" °6IY• Prom Arid. v Station 2 0.32 ester 45, 40, 9 19, 100,10 40, 12 14, 6• 0472,14 65, 7 17' 98, 1J GO. Sunday-. 2 40,7,40, a.m., 7 85, From High Level ?lat.., in. 20,7 5,.-eetbr (From Bank Quay Low Level I',atforro-86 20 . m "11day70.67, 9 55, 10 46. 1 14, 3 35. 4 9. 6 10, 7. 6, 9 1(1, 11 40. 11an- *4B. 3 6 8 15, 11 40. *Fro Arpiey Station. _ _ 965, -Chester (elle shi, Line)-) U, 86, 11, 8 05, 9_o, 655,70 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 1,56,9 ;676" ',5. 2 8 12,8 55,9 15,9 5,e10 3, all 15, 1153. Sundays t -0 2, 35 39 5/5 716 55, 9 22, 9 35, 10 0, "A 4",4,479 only, koctoi r-ew,,911-735, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. 1 50, 2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. , 100awmt611-le-Willows -2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 3 35,9. 1 ?17, 12 14, 1235, 1 155 3 23, 348. 4 2i, 5 35, b 25,, 7 9 15, 13 10.10 20. Sundays 2 45. 740. 8.43, a,na.„ • gi.. 4413% - So, 7 47, 621, 955. allocidays oaiy, b )aturkia ). a Bach, 0. 755,8 16,8 47,10 27. 11 0. 1227,1 44, 2 17,3 55, rre " 9 15. Sundays 858. 10 22, 3 00, 515,9 35. . 40. 5 20,545, 835, 955, 10,0, 1143, 12 36 • 14, 7 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 240. 8 43, 335, 8 U 38 8 25 9 43, 11 53, 25. 3 20. 5 12,, 6 17, SO, `,;ol' Periketh' )-7 si, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 15, ;Ye aß 13. 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20,1046. ,S 9 18. °Saturdays excepted. bsatur' ShetiZ: (C.L,() (Akita. d) via Chiuley and Dore Line z 49t, 55, 122'7", 155, 46, 655. Sundaysl. 355 53133.m0 -525, 710, 82), 835, 10 3. 1 - • • • 1 reL 4l' 4a . ' Sundays 7 8 915 10 20 Sunys 8 35, 8 43, 60,9 45 o(Ches hire Lines) -7 12, 6 3,, a 9 3J, 11 18, cSBturd 5 3 6 5 •7 9 9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, qa 0, • , 6, el wo ily, 'B. 613, 20. 7 22, 80, 90, 958. 10 49,12 36,811156:3a38.,4 11, 'iglf:l 45, 9 13. Vudayb, 8 50, 38, batur- ,2 211,46(C141,,,ArE,1neY,,5)t.!7155: 95, 1) 5, 110, 120, 15, 529 10 70, 580, 9 10, a 9 30, 510 Sun- ° . and N '6, 2 39 s , ‘9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bsaturdays 32746 es 0, (LW) 7 38 8 25, 9 43, 10 10, 11 53, 25, • .8 0, 9-48-.. -Sundlys, S 48. 40. 7 50. _ 2J. 5 45, 7 10, 8 31, 9 JD, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 4e, 614, 847. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 240. 543,

TO WA.I29.Ii4GTON Fltoll B Attar, 8., 4444, "40-6 36, 7 45.8 52, 11 43, 37, 433. 6 44, 829 Alt,t;. 753, 4 az -2°,22'R 4n't itillooose-1 16. 7 18. 8 24, 951. Sundays o 40 -6.6lnglatin (L, & 11....W„)-3 10. 5 50, 7 F 0,%:), 11 30, 12 15. 1-'' i 25, 11 '.5. Sundays 3 10, 12 10, 7 . r, ..-45 64)45481A 0 ( Vlidland- )6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 ' 1 23, 2 40, -•14 1,/,,-• 610 '0 11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 42030 , 12 55. 814 - , 814m,",..4daY5. • 41814.,..1411.-8 30, 850, 1048. 755. 10 12. Rlll,,eC 80 5 41 35, 2 4, 3 13, -t3,5, 1 l'e?9,, 1 (Talbot Road)-8 12. 8 45. S 55, 10 35, 3 5, 7 10, Sundays 740.135.515.840 R (Central)-8 0 8 27, 8 55. 9 59. _lO 10, 2 0, 2 50, -?R Balto ", 815, sunda3 8 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 5 .. __ . __, 5 13. .. 8110-.5 45, 80, 8 40. 9 15, 10 31.14 35. 2 20, 4 15 ~ ,-44,13,,-• Sundays B2O a.m., 6 10, 920 p.m. 650, 840, 1231, 140, A 01-,- .4 5 aan , 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 40. 1 25, 2 10 ‘, 513. 3'41-'2 0, 7 25 8 45, 940, 1012, 11 5,4 l' .22 ' 5 35. 641. s't(,)11.018-11:;' '' 5 5, 5 30', 635, 7 35, 835. Sundays 20, 630 am. / 'en-6 39, 7 16. 8 42, 10 9, 1236. 14, ral 43_, „2. 10 6 23, 747, 9 16. 10 43. Sundays 8 116 a.l al,l J. 35. • 40, t-.--2 3, 4 44 60 813. 920. 20. ' Sundays 2 3. 4 42.171 510,12140:4 0, 13 Sundays ' 21 eq.ury-8 1 7 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 . 6, 10 1 , 9 12. ill& BT-1,,08 15, 1020, 110, 35, .3,50,11,5„,,t.7 0. 83, al2 35 'ald '425 7 30.6 18, 6 50, 3 63. alk.e'y '1.U.2 n...-6 43'6 59 720, 848. 9 32. 10 13.1 11 29: 7 3 12 3,5; 9R3 53' 1 10.1: .3 0 33 '2O, 5 . 3 20 5 32 5 50' 607 20, 9 27. 114,150. 11 65 Sund ys 8 34, 9 52. 10 3, 4 , a 6,Bld4rrgh-10 20 2 0. 6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, m. 910. -2, 6 54 Ferry Bc. '4 . Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 12 24, 17, 3.21 57. Sundays 832. 257. 87. __ _ ~,.. „ ~, 444,1Vh'a,---7 55, 9 3, 102, 1127, 232,47, 5 81, 6 51. , DI bqht LI 6 59. 7 16 in i" 5. ti:P (011ealn a° u;1 ea)._6 44, 627,7 45, 8 56,9 50. 10 40 13, r3' 5 4' 20 4 56. 58, 556, 6 57, 721,9_3: 41as -alliaVs 823,9 10 240, 3 17, 442, 651, 854. 1„542, olt,R°W--1610 2, 555, 95. Sundays 550. 95. '4 ur4e---6 8 44. 826 10 22, 12 28, 241. 535, Id 41.),1 • is 041,,u, ays 9 40. 7 5. 820, 91, 'Nen-6 40 83. 825, 9 10, 10 3, 1 14. 1 54.2214, 4355 11, 918, 1135. Sundays 537. 9 2'3 33 . .4 0 • '114(14-44'd Cadishe d (Cent ral)-7 38, 9 53. thtel'B 13'1R 35 10 o 5 4, 8 52. 11 20 1 45 2 13, a 04 hford-....8 i'3 840, . .9 2 'lO 5. 1117. 120. a- ' 8 33. k 72a.,2' b 5 41, n 7.649 37 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 48afitrdave only. bSaturday alp' 3 I (L'ia R .l. e.town)-a2 .55. 60, 80. 7 30 9 20, "e 8 ilji.te9 20, 11 50, 35,a8'3-5, 10 5, .11 15. Sundays . 10'1 W' 8 40. '04(0 days only • *Saturdays only. 35 4 20 1'144-6 5 9 r 5 1235. 1 30. 2 40, 3 „ 10. i;54.,1 4.osi Sun .lays a 8." 7 45, 2 10 7 20, 10 45. _ _ _ 2. L5.6-31)'8,110 (3eoerliTal).-5- -....1c-. 61.10, 7 25, 8 30, 8 40,8 43, 9 60, sr, 12 30.12 35. 10.130.190.20. 1 1 ' 45' 4 3bu 30'1,1 435511 5a30. 538, 6 30. 6 35, 730. B_o 25, g6d 230 404415 11 0. 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30. '4l -"'" nU 2'30 * 5' \Sundays and Saturdays only. 11,0 414°,,11 (1.2 i '8 " " 15a 60, 7 15,10 10,2 10,4 10, 5 0, 4-01182 - %Ann tly;win).6-6 .1' 50, 10 0, 12 0 180. -0411 alldlaateli -5 154' 10.5, 120, 20, 40, 50, a9l&, 1.1,,,,"4111days 3115 -1-2 0. a excapt Mondays 5 2 50. 4 14 V3l-8 5 8 3 • 3 9 57 ' 119 111. a 137. 2 • 41, 7 41, , , . excepted. 111,45t1.'euat,t,115,,,145: 62' 9 2 ' 9 33, 11 19. Sun lays 825, 225. 235 °Oleste Y 4 only. bSaturd. y _s_4 , N.-W.)-8 0, 7 °' 5' .5. 7 5 0 2), . 0 60. 10 40' , 6/4,, Zelaange, ' ' 10 40 Sundays 8° . 1125. 1 5. ' 6, -eLe'tet• Lo -7 15, 750. 9 25, 1035, 1235, 74°I,it• 1 (). 3At 1 bsnsd°ns-12°Oad)6 5. 7 5, 8 55. b` an...,ptod. 8 zs tmile,,t,,,, (chsarialy,.s excepted. - _ 10 45. Sundays 1147:951n 12 3° 10e185' le Liner) 3-60 1429457 123°0,92 33°0'. a 39350, 49 300., 4?-4853-0, V, .45.26 30.. 61381.301, i 30,8_33;9_ _5,58,a1150.509 4.101. Oaluonn: 4141 Fa1:..30.81,9n4A., 40. 2 0 2 5, b '.s° INteeNall--678 11 37, 2 42, 6 1. 4 50, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. ... " I Ilovve -6 47, 6 55, 6 27 7 30. 1 6 1 f• 4 58 5 5. 5 89. .-. tlsb 5 it .. - , , 0. 3 1. 4 7. . 730, 8 42, 024, 109. 11 23, .. Suudays 919. 10 0, 3 55.7 20, 11 5. esatur- C„Y4 4 26 9 0 106. 1 9, 5 17, 73, 916. Sun- -111,, ' 9 12, 10 13. 102; 7 60, 7,‘,3‘.1.. 0.38, 550, 95, _9 _3,9. 811_2_0; 11 28, 247 a.?,, 10 47. Sundays 2 1 . 35 315, 6 10- „_amondays accepted., blidonday mornings only --5 39, 10 23, 12 49, 130, 256, 440, 5 40, la kllkev ,A 25.4 37,5 40, 6 22' 7 26, 9 34. Sundays Penketh)-6 51. 8 9 8 41, 928, 10 19. 1124. ',,.. 6 7 -(Micilftnti) via Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 20, 4525.7 0, 828, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 5.0, 1 30, 610, 70. 90. 1730. .1120. Sundays 2 3uutlia,a,4l.. 6 55, 9 5. .Saturiars only. (I,ord Street) -8 10 1.0 20. 11 25. 10. 2 15, 441104'. I 3* 8 5, 49 0. 9 35. Sundays 9 0, 2 5. 8 0. aSatm- al 2196- ', 161454,31-8. 69,, , 8 36, 9 28, 10 10, 11 13, 1 15, at 41, 29, 255, 745. 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 3201414,,a oraturdays only. 5-Saturdays excepted. AV•)-7 5, 858, 9 33,1033 12 15.1 4, 210, , )),'"'• • ~55 8 46 8 50 116 Sundays 8 24. 2 50, 7 59, , . . 81,7 irin ~., az (Cheshire Lines} 8 30. 9 I.i, 109, 11 12, 12 25. 125. 6•4 ;,i4 25. 5 7.9 6 12'7 IR 7 56 9 25 all 42 Sundays 842, 2 .90," 7.9 2c, "an* 2.4 .. -.., s ' • a 43 ...1......2 A, -..-ti ....a.ur-ays Only. ,_. 4 54 57,1. 3 5. 6 33. 8 15, 931. 10 20. 1123, 1.2 15. ' '. ' ‘5, 7 5, 8 52, 10 30. Zurdayn 841, 93) %Jana v`Jo

MESSRS. FAIRCLOITGH AND THE SHIP CANAL.

In the Queen's Bench Divisional Court last Friday, betore Mr. Justice Charles and Mr. Justice Wright, an application was heard in the matter of Messrs. J4nies Farclough ano Sons, millers, Cooper's W harf, Warring- ton, and the Manchester Ship Canal, arising out of an arbitration between the parties. The question which arose was as to the construction of section 82. sub-section 3, of the Manchester Ship Canal Act of 1885, it being agreed between both sides that the arbitration should be suspended, and a case stated for the opinion of the Divisional Courts

Mr. Justice Wright: Is this question one of great importance ? Mr. Joseph Walton : It is, my lord, one of very great importance ? Mr. Justice Wright : If so, it is very unfortunate that in this course of procedure you have no appeal. Mr. Cripps, Q.C., said both parties considered the matter, and they agreed that the question sheuld be raised and decided in this way so that both parties would take their chance as to the right of appeal. Mr. Walton, continuing, said that in addition to Coopers Wharf, belonging to his clients, there was a number of other wharves and docks adjacent, such as West Bank Dock, Sankey Canal, Widnes Dock, in addi- tion to wharves belonging to Messrs. Gossage and Cs. and Messrs. Hutchinson and Co. Sub-section 3 of section 82 of the Act stated that if at any time during or after the construction of the works authorised by the Act the river Mersey from the most easterly boundary of Widnes downwards should become so changed as to hinder or prevent such vessels as were at the time of the passing of the Act able to enter and leave the Widnes Doek, the Westbank Dock at Widnes, the Sankey Canal and Ditton Brook, and to navigate between Whines and any other place or places lower down the Mersey I ruin continu- ing so to do in as free and ample a manner as they had hitherto done" the company, unless they can prove to the satisfaction of an arbitrator,to be appointed as here- inafter mentioned,that such change is not to be assigned to the said works,shall at the request of the Local Board of Widnes or of any aggrieved Corporation or persons, from time to time keep open, by dredging or otherwise, convenient communications between the said Sankey Canal and Ditton Brook and the wharves adjoining ,the entrances to the Sankey Canal belonging, or reputed to belong' to William Gossage and Sons, J. Hutchinson and Co., William Coopex and Co., and William Wright, respectively, and the locks and entrances of the company or one of them, so as to enable such vessels to enter and leave the Canal at the times they have hitherto been able to navigate the said river Mersey." The case had arisen out of a claim made by Messrs. Fairclough, who were the owners of one of the wharves mentioned in the sub- section for damages they had sustained in consequence ot the navigation from their wharf down the river being impeded and by reason of the Canal Co. not having done hat which they were required to do,namely,the opt cling up of convenient communication by dredging or other- wise between Cooper's Wharf and the other locks and entrances. He contended that vessels could not now navigate as well as they could before from Coeper's Wharf down the river in the Liverpool direction. Next he said they could not leave Widnes Duck and navi- gate to places down the river, namely, to Cooper's Wharf. His main contention was that the navigation of the Mersey between Widnes and places' lower down the river had been interfered with,anl that he su hmitted brought him within the section. He contended that the Ship Canal Company were bound by that section to keep the navigatisin open in the terms of sub-section 3. As to the question of compensation he consented to its being left over until the construction of the section shall be determined., . _

Mr. Cripps, Q.C., for the Manchester Ship Canal, ad- mitted that there was a considerable deal of diffieulty in construinz the section. Tne question was Ofls 01' con- siderable importance, however, to the Manchester Strip Canal Company. It was not contended that there was any interference with the main navigation of the river Mersey. In this case there was but a little local silting, and in the case of such local interference remedies were provided by sub-section 1 of section 82. But if the owners of wharfs, in consequeoce of ocal silting could come to the Court and ask for such remedy as was meant only for cases in which there was interference with the main naviga- tion down to Liverpool the conseqvences would he, that it would necessite the expenditure of an enormous sum instead of a mere trifling expenditure. In fact it would throw an enormous burden upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company. In reply to further objections by their lordships, Mr. Cripps said that if the arbitration went on it meant a very long and expensive inquiry, and the calling of a long list cf expert witnesses. Therefore they both thought that this would be the right time, if possible,to have the matter decided.

Mr. Justice Charles : If we assent to any portion of Mr. Walton's claim the arbitrator would make no award about it. If possible you might ask the Lord Chief Justice to constitute a Divisional Court, say of five judges or of three, so that the case could be disposed of. Supposing my learned brother and myself disagreed it would be distinctly a waste of time, and there being no appeal I suppose my judgment would prevail. Mr. Cripps said if that were the view of their lordships Mr. Walton should apply for a larger court and the case might stand over. Mr. Justice Charles said he would speak to the Lord Chief Justice upon the [natter, and eventually the case was allowed to stand over until Monday for arrange- ments to be made for the constitution of a larger divi- sional caurt to try the question.

YOUTH KILLED ON THE RAILWAY NEAR WARRINGTON.

)

===== 0002601_18950511_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
INQUEST AND VERDICT.

'.:,'t,T-!".:.!-,'.f.'-...,,;;,7,..':•..f.i.,'.r;h4-. ~..,...-._;,,,,,... ".',':':-, .:.-..,..:.:':....'-.‘.'7;'.1'.-...7..'''t.•;•-•.'1:.4:',,:'-'

Mr.S. Brighouse held an inguem last Friday afternoon at the Black Horse, Sankey Bridges, on the body of William Edmonds, aged 19 years, son of Matthew Ed- monds, 19,Turner-et., who was killed on the London and North-Western Railway (low lev.11) at Ponketli Hall crossing on Tuesday, by the 3.22 trsin from Widnes. Mr. Fenna was present on bAlalf of the Lmidon and North-Western Railway Company, and Mr. A. Browne was present on behalf of the relatives of the deceased.

_ Matthew Edmonds said his son was a rag and bone gatherer. He left home early on Tuesday morning with a donkey and cart. He never saw his son again alive. . _ . .

Catherine Caveney said that she was near the lino at the time the deceased was killed. She saw him knocked down by the trate, and be was killed instantly. Sue could not tell how far the train was when deceased got on the line. He had been to a house ou the other side of the line, and when he was crossing he had some chalk in his hand, and this was found on the line after he was killed.—By Mr. Browne : Anyone who wished to get to the house where deceased had been to, had to cross the line. A man used to be at the crossing, but elle had not seen one lately. Hannah Thompson said that she lived on the side of the grossing, near the canal. To get. to her house from the highway, she had to cross the railway. Deceased came to her house at 3.25 on Tuesday afternoon and she bought some chalkutrom him. Soon afterwards in consequence of the passenger train stopping, she went out, and found deceased lying on the rails dead.—By Mr. Fenno, : She was in charge of the crossing when her husband was at work. It was an occupation level crossing. Mr. Penne was proceeding to cross-examine with regard to the right of crossing the line, when the coroner interrupting said that he would hold that the man had a right to cross the line. As to passing and re- passing, it was only reasonable to suppose that anybody who supplied greengroceries and rubbing stones had to go across the crossing to get to the house.—Bv Mr. Browne : She had red and green flags in the house, but she never used them except when the men were attend- ing to the rails. William Hardy, 10 Percy-st., engine driver,.said that he was in charge of the 3.27 train from Fiddler's Ferry. On leaving the Ferry station in the direction of Warring- ton, his mate was engaged with the fire, and witness was on the" six•foot " side of his engine. On getting near the crossing he blew the whistle of the engine, as engine drivers were instructed to do when approaching level crossings. Immediately afterwards he 3.1. W a young man go across the line looking towards another train which was coming from Warrington. fie never I seemed to take any notice of the other train, and the buffer of witness's engine struck him and knocked him to the ground. Witness .at Once stopped the train. When first seen, the deceased was not a dozen yards from the engine, and witness could not possibly have stopped the train in time. The train was going about 20 miles an hour at the time. The train of which wit- ness was in charge, crossed the crossing before the train from Warrington. The Coroner said that the case ought not to take up much time. The railway company when they formed the line upon which the accident had taken place had greater power than they had now. No doubt at the present time, if they wore making the railway,the legis- lature would see that more protection was given to passengers than they did in former times. They.fnust take it that at level crossings, by Act of Parliament the Company had a right to pa.-,s arid repass with their trains. The public had in a limited degree also a right to cross over the line. This crossing was an occupation road crossing and he thought that the man had a perfect right to go across the line. But there was no possible obligation to the Company to keep a caretaker there. It appeared to him that; the deceased's attention was di- verted by the train from Warringtoe, and that be thus did not see the other train coming. There was a large number of accidents elsewhere owing to the same thing.

The jury returned a verdict ot •7 Accidental death." Mr. Grimshaw the foreman of the jury said that within two miles of the place of the accident, t her.. were five level crossing?,and he complained that the whistles of the engines were not blown as often as they ought to be, but the Coroner said that in the present ease, the evidence showed that the driver had blown his whistle.

• -

===== 0002601_18950511_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RETURN OF JABEZ BALFOUR.

IN THE DOCK.

The Tartar Prince with Jaber Spencer Balfour on board arrived at Southampton early on Monday. A Customs launch at once went out to the steamer, and Balfour, in thee! arge of Inspectors Froest and Moore, was taken from the vessel to the dockyard. A first-class compart- ment on the ordinary traiu to Waterloo station, London, had been reserved for the prisoner and his custodians, and they reached London shortly after ten. Contrary to public expectation, Balfour and his escort left the train at Vauxhall station,and were driven thence to Bow-street Police Court. He was taken betore Sir John Bridge soon after twelve o'clock, and the Hon. Mr. Cuffe, who prose- cuted on behalf of the Treasury, at once asked for a remand until Thursday. Mr. J. O'Connor (formerly a member of Parliament), who appeared for the prisoner, objected to sueh a short remand, and stated that he had no information as to what the charge against the prisoner was, although an appli- cation had been made to the authorities. Mr. Cuffe said that was not true, whereupon Mr. O'Connor said he must have been wrongly instructed. After further dis- cmsion it was agreed that only sufficient evidence should be given to justify a remand till Thursday, when the case will be opened but no evidence taken. Sube- quently Mr. O'Connor raised the question whether the , charges made against the prisoner now were ,identical with those made at Salta and Buenos Ayres. Sir J. Bridge said the prisoner was present, and must be tried ,by the warrants grinted by the Court. A remand to , Thursday was then taken, and the prisoner was re- moved to Holloway prison. From the statements made by passengers on the Tartar Prince, it appears that Bal- four gave no trouble on the voyage and was a general favourite on board. Every precaution was, of course, taken against any attempt to commit suicide. On leav- ing the steamer he thanked the captain for the way in which he had been treated, and said, "1 have a lot of trouble, but it will be seen that I have not done wrong."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPOSED SUICIDE OF A YOUTH AT

SAiNiKEY BRIDGES. SAD STORY.

An inquest was held last Friday at the Black Horse, Sankey Bridges, by Mr. S. Brighouse, unon the body of William Jowett, aged 19 years, son of Thomas Jowett, 295, Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges, whose body was found in the Sankey Canal, on Thursday. Martha Ann Jowett, said that deceased w.,,s her son and was a whitesmith, employed at Mr.. Garland's shop. On Monday, he came home about a quarter to on. for his dinner. She told him that she was getting his little brother away for the good ot his health, and it was a great expense. At that, he looked anxiously at her and said " What about my tyre. I want it for the parade." She told him that he 'spoke harshly, and asked him to remember who she wa ,111111 he looked very wild. She told him he could not ' his tyre. He then said that he must have it, and re- peated that three times. She told him to remember that she was his mother and he should not speak so harshly to her. She said that he had had a lot of trouble and that no doubt hurt him. He then got wildly on his legs, I and she told him to sit down but he Said ho would go out. She and her daughter down, held him in the house for half an hour, and another daughter went for his father. When his father came, he told deceased thst he must not kick up a bother like that. H. said he would go out and 11 would be out of that bother. He then went out. 11 and he never camo back alive.. He never said exactly that he would take away his life, although she was frightened at times he would do so. He had a scar on his head caused by being cut by a cart when he was seven years of age, and since then he soon lost his tem- per. He had had some trouble a short time ago, and that had preyed very heavily upon his mind. Thomas Jowett deceased's father, said that on Mon- slay he was sent for from his work and when he got home, his wife had fainted. He asked his son what he had been doing, and deceased then asked his mother t ) forgive him, hut sre could not speak. He then wanted to go out, and witness said, " Let him go out. He will soon be back." Deceased then went out, and wit- ness saw his son go along the cabal bank towards Butter- milk bridge, and thought that he was perhaps going to a friend's house in Lovely-lane. Fle had been very excit- able during the past few months. . .

Benjamin Welding, waterman, said that on Thursday afternoon the deceased's mother came to him,and a,•lre-d him to drag the canal for she was afraid her son WAS in it. He accordingly got assistance and dragged the canal as far as the railway arches over which the Cheshire lines went, and found deceased there at 7.50 p.m. He was fully dressed with the exception of his cap. P.S. Devlin informed the coroner and jury that he had had a conversation with Mr. Garland. the &ceased's employer' and he gave him a very good character. He said that he had much improved in his work of' late. _

The Coroner said that this was a very pad case to in- quire into. There was no dount that the deceased had had some dispute before leaving the house, but so far as the evidence went, nothing, was known about him from then until he was found in the canal. It would be for the, jury to say whether it was sufficient to return a verdict of found drowned, as there was no evidence to show how he had got into the water. If they found a verdict of suicide, they would have to say what state of mind he was in at the time.

After a short consultation, the jury returned a ver- dict of "Found drown,A." as there was no direct evi- dence as to how decPased Rot into the water.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALUABLE SUGGESTION.

BOW LADIES CAN OBTAIN STYLISH GARMENTS WHICR COMBINE GRACE AND BEAUTY WITH ECONOMY..

It I;i:hes want to save money in dresses we advise them to obtain the material at first cost from the Provi- dence Mills Spinning Company and become their own dressmakers. At any rata if a lady cannot make her own costumes she can economise by saying middleman's profits on the material, which amount to threepence or more in each shillingsworth. The above mills supply readers of this paper with dress material in the newest patterns ; fast colours ; strong make; firm cloth ; sty- lish effects and the latest fashion, suitable for any age. In these days of scarcity of cash it is interesting to know the way to buy the necessities of Me direct from the inanufacturers. We confidently recommend you to write to-day for patterns, which will be sent free of charge by sending a postcard with your name and ad- dress upon it. These must be returned at earliest con- venience. Letters should be carefully addressed Pro- vidence Mills Spinning Co., C. Department, Bradford, Yorks. ; N.H.—lf you like they will send you some beautiful ' samples of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools fkr home knitting which may be kept, by you. iien'ts sum- mer suitings are also supplied at prices very much below any retail shop.

li. I RAZOR is Made from t Ii e best, Rbeffield ST r I. and gri mid by SI.. iqwarrauted and If not approved wnen trie l will be exchanged.

lo be had of any respectable Ironmenver or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. l'e3ry HANDLN in Case Psir of Black handle in a flot Case of iv wry lion' le I a fl.vi Case 13t3. • • Cr post free from the Manufacturtrs.

A gaod Beehive Razor la suppTal at 1/2.1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 O. ad Cheques, SLATER Baca., at:ftiold.

(ANE BOX OF CLARKPO B 41 PILLS iv war- / ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Orion. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain in the back. (learanteed free from Mercury. Sold in BOXos 4s. 6d. esch, by all Chemists add Pateht Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any ad 4ress for sixty stamp by the Makers. The LINICoLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; Mtn (MAY & ON London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

•

===== 0002601_18950511_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX WINER, SATURDAY' MAY 11. 1895.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
laimmill•F

MP'

===== 0002601_18950511_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
dagai

"What Cheer, China!"

'hat will be the on come of the War ? Four- huntred-millions of Chinese will no longer brook bonds. which have Co ind them for a thousand years and prevented their shaking hands with the other throe-quarters of the human race. The Britith People will be bonier, and will sell more manufactured material to tke brown and yellow Peoples of the Nast, who will partly pay for it in Brooke, Bonds' Tea. Thus oor tea is valued as much as money on both sides of the world and that proves how popular it. is. This better trade, like Brcoke, Bonds' Tea, will revive and °hear the toiling millions mr hr menu- fActuring towns. For only fourpence, you can g.tthis cup, thit cheers, tiled about fory times, by asking anyone of our thmisandi of Agents for a quarter-pound packet of

OUR is. 4d. TEA.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, OND, & Co., Ld

THE LANCAqIIIFLE TEA W VUEHOESES, 17. PICCADILLY, }MANCHESTER, 29. MARK 1•T STREET,

===== 0002601_18950511_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
h_.,,,:40#41' •

===== 0002601_18950511_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
KAY E'S BEST WORSDELL'S

FAMILY PILLS. MEDICINE. They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild but cffectua Aperient are unequalled, and beyond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus ensuring complete restoration to perfect health. They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION. CONSTIPA- TION, BILIOUSNESS,HEADACHE, DYSPEPSIA, LIVES. AND KIDNEY COMPLAINTS. FOR LADIES OF ALL AGES THEY ARE INVALUABLE. Of all Chemists, I[li 2/9, and 4/6, per box.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
NATURE'S 40. ' REMEDY.

For the oure of Nervous Debility, Lost Manhood,Youth- ful Imprudence, Dimness of Sight, Nervous Diseases of every form, Livor Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. Write to W. ROSS, ESQ., 7 BRISTOL GARDENS, Easy BRIGHTON, Scssix (enclosing Id. stamp for postage), for this Great Herbal Prescription. which cured him afisr mans Wore suffering. (Name this Paper.)

SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is. lid. and Zs. Pd, per box. (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. sites excess in eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH. M,P S.. 280, Walworth-road, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CFLFBRATEDCO BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. IpL, per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case.

SMITH'S INVALUABLE.; PII.V; POWDER, AND PhCTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZhNGES, SAMN Sold by all Ptent Medicine Vendors.

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKE} S OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to 14. M. the Queen and his Roy,d Highness the Prince of Wales. GREE.N'S PATENT "SILENS MESSOR" LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVI,D WHEELS AND SOLID LINK STEEL CAINS NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all tiers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and REST IN THE WORLD. They have stood the test for upwBrds of thirty years, and hove e rried off EVERY HIUHESI PRIZE which has been given in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either short or long grass, bents, Ac., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PUNCH ASH R. They can be had of all respec able Ironmongers and Seedsmen in the United Kingdom. or dirt ct from theMallufacturers. THOMAS GrIKEN & SoN, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS. BLACK Fla ANS ROAD, LONDON. S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the Uni, ed Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, wilh 1 estimonials, Free on Applieal io 5.

47* I,prt oat - AWN Mull Litb. LAWN MOWERS

===== 0002601_18950511_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWARE OF DECEPUVE IMITATIONS.

N.B.—Repairs promptly done at. both our Establishments for the trade as v as ethers.

A EL SIZES KEPT IN sTOI K and supplied carriage paid at Bober tl cash discount by tn. ir Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LA ,lES (FREE).

ALADY SPEL 1 LIS (qualklied) many years attached to a Female H .spital. is enabled to POSI- iVETA OIJAHAN 1111; the DEsIREO RESULT in a few hours, no rmt ter how lin g striding the IRRI GULARITT may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stampea addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND. W.C.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

Is-LAI/vs GOUT polmiras

FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excrucialihg Pain ie qt;!cl,ly rdlev.d. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Cbcruiat at le. ltd. and 2e. 9d. per box.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

----4

===== 0002601_18950511_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
r Fitmys PILLS *4

FOTI ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS FORDERS,

SC( II AS SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18950511_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION

WEAK STOMACE

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In 13,nce..... 91d.. ls. lid., and 2s. 9. each wi:h directions. The ls. I.ld. Box cc. ...ains 56 Pid,.

PREPARED ONLY BY TAE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEEMIAM, St. listens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

BFFICACIOUS—FCONOMICAL— CLEANSBS TILE TEETH —PERFUMES Mit BRRATB. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from tbe Proprietors, for is., post-paid.

T'w LE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularitifs, remove obstructi n. aurl re neve the,,tistrer, fru aymptAins, so preva- lent wall the a-x Dotes a. ..an Z. 94. of all ehernif 4, sent an v where n rec eipt of 15 or 34 stamr 6 t.y the maker, :1 T. TOWLE. Chemist. N ottinxham•

XI AD AME FEIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE', Is The most powerful and eff,ctive on earth. or the meq obstinate eases. Will not injin, the most delicate. Price 7s 6d (Strong •st Ils botr le). Post free td extra. lIHRBAL ItcSTIIUTb. lA, HACK NEY-ItQA.p, ((Acing Shoreditdi hureh), I ONDON, Nit Send at once stamped diro•cteu envelope for ()articulate arai proofs. I wit; forte E Oil Inc every testimonial that i nct genuine, and they can te beell at any time.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MI

===== 0002601_18950511_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON EXAMINEE, 13 EWSEY STREET,

JOHN W ALKER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

- - LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS WHICH COMPRISE Pin Warrington 4. Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous maaufacturing towns and vritages. and a large agricultural tract. TTIE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton, Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal Acid. rir HE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News, pu Wished Friday afternoon. The district comprises the *entre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- am, tm. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- -IL noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rir HE Widna Examiner, published Friday after- -1. noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming am important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge.

Bach of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long and wide columns, each column admitting more matter than the oolumns of any other local paper—a tact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in sddition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
PR.EPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

Osso Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS.

WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, } 18 WORDS, 6D.. ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words. 1 I One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. t 8 ..................... Os. 6d. •.. Is. 3d. ... 2s. Oil. 1 27 ..................... Os, 91. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Oil. 36 ..................... ls. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 48. Oil. 45 ..................... ls. 3d. ••• 3s. ld. ... ss. O. 54 ..................... ls. 6d• ••• 3s. Bd. ... 6s. ad. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- !Dont specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR rsEvions To INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSIIIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RITE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under 55.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING ! PRINTING !

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers: and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at •' the lowest tender."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
JOEIN WALKER AND CO., REWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, sc.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and 30-operatiye Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandoms,Work Notes, Bill Heads BilaineESS, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, &c.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a trial.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN" PLACARD

Single Sheet, 51t. 3ln. by 31t. 9in, THE LARGEST IN TILE DISTRICT. A. KIONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the" LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced lathe Count MAMMOTH POSTERS.

pAINST AKING PEZINTERS are now-a-day sought for by business men who study real economy in announcemeuts which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions. Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reparts, Balance Sheets &c. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WIN DOW BILLS, PLACARDS. Ste.

BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL. KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, FEINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

MSTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK

4EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

MIWSBY STREEr. WAIMINGTON. JOHN WALKER AND CO.

_ UNDBRTAICTI lIRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, 'PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS. PRINTING FOR CRICKET 'CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL. PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. THE " EX tAINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROr7RAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. reoottimmßs FOR FETES, 8:c.

SPECIALITY: ENVELOPES FROIS 2S. PER 15000.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
<

===== 0002601_18950511_art0162.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'11';

===== 0002601_18950511_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
tettero to the Otittor.

ARMENIANS ASK FOR JUSTIUE.

Sir,—! would ask your correspondent of last week if he meant by" peace at any price" that he would sell his personal liberty or liberty of conscience or even speech for the sake of peace. The Rev. John Yonge only uttered a just and Christian like indignant protest which might have been justly uttered from every church and endorsed by every Government in the world. For we know sufficiently of Turkey to be aware that it is only by the sword of justice that she may be prevailed upon from killing Christians in cold blood. The gentleman would accuse Mr. Yonge of being political in his sermon because he straightforwardly and unflinchingly spoke his feelings and sentiments on this great subject, before, I hope,a living,and I am sure an admiring congregation; and relieved his mind of what might otherwise have seemed indifference and callousness. Your correspon- dent next accuses Mr. Gladstone, who is now in private life, of making war on Egypt in class interests, but I would point out that a Government is bound to give protection to any of the Queen's subjects providing their claim is legal.— Yours truly,

DEATH AFTER ANTI-TOX,N,

===== 0002601_18950511_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
A READER.

Sir,—As the anti-toxin treatment is now attracting so much public attention, I think the following extract from the " Lancet " of April 20th, cannot fail to interest your readers :—" The death of two persons immediately following the injection of so-called anti-toxin excites a profound interest in the medical profession. The facts are as follows : A boy from the country while visiting his uncle in Brooklyn developed diphtheria ; as he gra- dually grew worse under treatment the physician ob- tained a bottle of anti-toxin. An injection of this fluid was made, and the boy died three hours after. On the following day a seventeen-year-old daughter of the uncle complained of a sore throat. The physician ob- tained another bottle of the anti-toxin, and it was ad- ministered. After receiving the injection the girl said she felt a tickling sensation all through her body. She then fell on the lounge in convulsions, and was dead in ten minutes, despite the physician's efforts to save her. Her face turned t4ack almost immediately after receiv- ing the fluid. The physician states that the girl's death I was a mystery to him, and he could only account for it by crediting it to some powerful poison in the bottle of anti-toxin. He had used the remedy for some time with gratifying results, and always got it at the same place. The colour was the same as that he had used, being pink. He had never "iwitnessed such a terrible death. There had been a mistake somewhere in bottl- ing the fluid. The amount injected was between two and three drachms, which came, in each bottle. The bottle was put up in Germany, and bears date of ship- ment, January 30-h last. The necropsy revealed nothing abnormal." These I may add, are not isolated cases. We are unfortunately hearing from all sides of fatali- ties. Under the circumstances it behoves all to consider well before they have recourse to so dangerous a "cure."—Yours truly, • Bellgarth, Hendon, May 4th, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
ERNEST BELL.

INTERESTING MA RRIAGE AT RUNCORN.

A wedding, in which a great deal of interest was taken, was solemnized at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Runcorn, on Wednesday morning. The con- tracting parties were Mr. Joseph W. Coombs, son of the late Rev. J. Coombs, Pi Motive Methodist minister' and Miss Harriet A. Broadhurst, daughter of Mr. Isaac Broadhurst, coal merchant, Ashridge-st., Runcorn. A large congregation assembled in the chapel to witness the ceremony. As the parties entered, Mr. Shakespeare, of Liverpool, played a suitable voluntary on the organ. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. G. Rennison, of Newtown (brother in-law of the bridegroom), and he was assisted by the Revs. Thomas Bramall and H. R. Didcock. The Pervice was fully choral and the two hymns "The Voice that breathed o'er Eden," and "Saviour let Thy sanction rest," were sung. The bride, who was given away by Mr. Broadhurst, was attired in a dress of fawn honeycomb cloth, and was adorned with a wreath of orange blossoms with tulle veil. She ; wore a gold bangle bracelet, the gift of the bride- groom, and carried a shower bouquet. There were six bridesmaids delicately attired in dresses of geranium pink with hats to match. Each was wear- ing a gold brooch, presented by the bridegroom, and carried a beautiful bouquet of marguerites. The bridesmaids were : Miss Coombs, Runcorn, sister of the bridegroom ; Miss Billingsley, Miss G. Stubbs, Balton Brook, cousin of the bride ; Miss Birlow, Liverpool, cousin of the bride ; Miss A. Carter, Widnes,cousin of the bride ; Miss Williams, Manchester. cousin of the bridgroom. Mr. T. Broadhurst, brother of ,1 the bride acted as best man, and the groomsmen I were Mr. S.. Grierson, Birkenhead ; Mr. J. Coombs, Liverpool ; Mr. T. Williams, Runcdrti ; Mr. H.Pick Sheffield ; and Mr. S. Booth, Aintree. As the wedding party left the sacred edifice the organist spiritedly played Mendelssohn's well-known " Wedding March," By this time a eager crowd had surrounded the entrance to the church, and upon the company sallying forth to the carriages in waiting,they were greeted with showers of rice. The wedding breakfast was served in the Gospel Missionroom, Brindley-street. The caterer was Mr.rlarke, of Ashridge-street. A number of toasts were proposed, including the" Bride and Bridegroom "which was given by Mr. Thomas Broadhurst, supported by Mr. Pickwell. Brief speeches were made by the Revs. G. Rennion, T. Bramall, and H. R. Didcock, and Mr. T. Reynolds. The choir at the church and a number of friends, in all about one hundred were provided with tea in the afternoon. The happy couple afterwards departed for Southport where the honeymoon is being spent. Mr. Yarwood Lipplied the equipages. Appended is alist of the wedd- ing presents :—Mr. and Mrs. J. Broadhurst, furniture ; Mr. and Mrs. T. Reynolds,turniture ; Mr. T. Broadhurst, dinner service ; Miss M. Coombs, bedroom service ; Mr. James Coombs. set of jogs ; Mr. and Mrs. W. Grounds, muffin dish and butter cooler ; Mr. Fred Billingsley, one pair gilt pictures ; Miss Billingsley, desert knives ' • Rev. G. and Mrs. Rennison,brass fender; Mr. and Mrs.Josepla Stubbs, copper kettle and models ; Miss stubhs, tea ! spoons ; Miss Gertie Stubbs, flower stand ; Miss H. A. I Stubbs, cheese dish ; Mrs. S. Williams. timepiece and prongs, spoons, glass dishes, and water bottle ; Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Williams, desk ; Miss Williams, ink stand ; Mrs. Eaton, beaded cushion and engraved tumblers; Mr. and Mrs.Barlow,Edgehill,basket, glass butter-cooler and dishes ; Miss M. Barlow, Edgehill, electro dinner cruet ; Miss A. Carter,Widnes, vases; Mr. and Mrs. W. Cooper, Widnes, silver tea pot ; Miss Cooper, Widnes, breakfast cruet : Miss A. Cooper, Widnes,pair of ornaments ; Mr. and Mrs. Brown, Northwich ; Mr. and Mrs. S. Walton, silver mounted biscuit barrel ; Mr. J. Grierson, Birken- ' head, cheese dish ; Miss Sumner,Fleetwood,embroklered table cover ; Mrs. S. Lemon, Fleetwo id, silver mounted jam dish ; Mr. H. Pickwell, Sheffield, initialled tea spoons ; Mr. Robinson, Northwich, hand painted firs screen ; Mr. S. Booth. fire brasses and dogs " • Mr. W. Gittens, jun., coal scuttle ; Mrs. R. Collier, hearthrug ; Mrs. Richards, silver basket and table mats ; Mr. and Mrs. W. Stubbs' paste board ; Miss CiSSifi Stubbs, bread board and knife ; Mr. S. Stubbs, jun.,salt box and soap box; Mrs. John S'ubbs, luncheon tray ; Mr. John and Miss Lily Stubbs, vases ; Mr. and Mrs. W. Vernon, copper kettle; Miss Vernon. ornaments ; Miss Miles, pair of white sheets ; Miss Lily Shingler, set of Dresden jugs ; Miss Leuie Booth, macrame antimaccassar ; Miss H. Wright, water jogs, glasses, and mats ; Miss Pollie Hillidge, glass water bottle ; Miss Lizzie Hillidge,sugar basin and cream jug ; Mr. and Mrs. R. Shingler, set of glass dishes; Miss A. . . .

Shineler, crumb brustiana tray ;-Mr. and Mrs. W. Kil- 1-Toss, flower pot and silver-mounted jam dish Miss A. Lunt, comb and brush ; Miss Sayle, teapot ; Mr. and : Mrs. A. Davies, hat and clothes brush on rsck, and ornaments ; Misses Agnes and Lizzie Davies,fruit. dishes; Miss L. Williams, breakfast cruet ; Miss J. Williams, dower stands ; Mr. W. Johnson, hand-painted umbrella stand ; Miss Kineton, ornaments and water bottle ; Mrs. T. WilsGn, flower vase ; Mrs. Joseph Brook, glass dish ; Mrs. Lockett, teapot ; Mr. Herbert Woodward. doily and washing tubs ; Miss Ging (Belper)-

===== 0002601_18950511_art0166.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE EX

===== 0002601_18950511_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTONVN AND NEWTON.

OCCASIONAL COURT. At the Occasional Court held on Monday at the Earlestown Police Station. a tramp named Robert Porter was charged with being drunk inEarlestown on Saturday night. He was discharged on promis- ing to leave the town. VULCAN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. Special services in connection with the above were held in the school 211 Sunday afternoon and evening. Special hymni were sung by the choir and children under the leadership of Mr. H.Grundy. The services were conducted by the Rev. J. Bart- ley, who preached appropriate sermons. The collec- tions amounted to £4 7s. id., in aid of the school funds.

SCY3IAL EVENING. In connection with the teachers of St. John's Sunday School, Earlestown, a social evening was held in the Mission Hall, Earlestown, on Saturday evening. About 70 persons were present, the band of the Earlestown Orchestral Society was also in atteudance and played several selections of music, for dancing. Refreshments were provided, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The proceedings were in aid of a summer picnic.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLBSTOWN SOCIIL CYCLING CLUB.

This club has 80 far been pretty busy in the mat- ter of runs, and although the musters have not been what might be called numerous, the expeditions have been decidedly pleasant. On Saturday an out- ing was made to Manchester, and on Sunday atter- noon when there was a large turnout the destina- tion was Rainhill. The day was beautifully tine, and although a trifle hot, the run was thoroughly enjoyed. On Sunday a run will be made to South- port. Mr. T. Waring, of Oxtord-st.,is the secretary, from whom anyone wishing to join can obtain all information.

WARRINGTON OCCASIONAL OCIIRT. At the Warrington Occasional Curt, on Monday morning, before Mr. James Tinsley, William Glynn was charged With having stolen 15s. in cash from his brother on the 9th April at Golborne. Some ' formal evidence having been given, prisoner was remanded until the Newton PAty Sessions on Saturday.—Alfred Bate and Peter Moss were charged with having been drunk and disorderly, the former at allborne on the 4th inst. and the latter at Great Sankey on the same date—Defend- ants were fined ss. and costs and Is. 6d. and costs respectively. ORGAN RECrTAL AT HAYDOCIL

On Sunday afternoon an organ recital was given in St. James' Church, Haydock, by Mr. E. Leyland,

, organist of Emmanuel Church, Wargrave. There was a very fair audience, and in addition to the instrumental selections,Mr. J. Nichols sang " Sound an alarm," from Judas Maccabeus, and Mr. W. H. Kay sang " Thus saith the Lord," and "But who may abide" (Messiah). The organ solos included " Fanfare," "The Pilgrims song of Hope,"" The Abbey chimes,"" Barcorole from 4c Concerto," and Grand March. The collection was on behalf of the debt on the Parish Church. SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

On Wednesday evening the usual meeting in con- nection with the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets . .

ot Temperance was held in the-Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, the Worthy Patron presidinv. It was resolved that the cadets annual treat be held as usual which is expected to take place at Mickle- head Green towards the end of June. At eight o'clock the Britains Need Division of the _Sons. of

Temperance met in the same room. Bro. S. Foden, W.F., presided. Two new members were initiated and two proposed for membership. The committee reported that Frodsham was the place selected for the annual trip on July 6th. Open-air meeting on the market ground postponed until June 12th. VIADUCT INSTITUTE LIBRARY, EARLESTOWN.

It; -I`4:;;;mber last the committee of the above library issued a voluminous catalogue of books, which was at that time a complete statement of all the books in the library. This, however, is at present not the fact, for since the issue of the cata- logue, a large number of books have been added, and a supplementary list has had to he issued. IVe have been favoured with a copy of the list, and amongst the books enumerated are some of the most modern productions. including works by Conan Doyle, Rider Haggard, W. J. Dawson, R. L. Steven- son, and a host of others. The committee are still adding to their stock of books, and ere long, it is evident a new catalogue will have to be issued. LANCASHIRE FOOTBALL A SSOCIATION. —StiSPEN- SION OF PLAYERS.

A sub-committee of the above was held at the Patten Arms Hotel, Warrington. Mr. Woolfall, Blackburn, presiding. An inquiry was made into a case of misconduct on April 24 in the Warrington and District League match (first division) between Earlestown Victoria and Parr Victoria, played otC the Earlestown Football ground. The referee (Mr. John Mather) reported that during the last quarter of an hour the Parr goalkeeper and full backs were grossly atta:dted by the spectators, sods, sticks, and caps being thrown at them. he referee himself was severely threatened, and otherwise roughly handled, and Aildridg.S. an Earlestown Victoria player, struck a Parr man. The scene was further continued after the match, and it was only through the assistance of the Earlestown Football Com- mittee that the referee and the visiting team were able to get home with what might be called safety. Ater full inquiry and deliberation, it was decided that the Earlestown Victoria Club be suspended till October 31st and Alldridge (player) till November 30th. The Earlestown Football ground was not interfered with, as the Victoria Club were proved to he a distinct club, and only used the ground on suffrance EARLESTOWN M ISSION SUNDAY SCHOOL.

During the winter months Mr. Dring, town miv- sionary, held a series of week night services in Houghton-st.. which were of an encouraging char- acter, many children and adults attending who had not been in the habit of .being present at any place of worship. From this beginning he was encouraged to start a Sunday school, which he did at the Co- operative Hall, and so far it has been of a successful character. Mr. A. Morris has taken up the onerous duty of superintendent, and the school, which in- cludes children of the poorer classes, is now getting into fair working order. On Saturday night,in order to assist the funds required to work the school, a service of song entitled, " Christie's old organ," was given. Solos were sung by Mrs. Dring and Mr. Brown,and the narrative was read by kir.W. Plant, of Havelock. The subject was illustrated by the aid of the limelight, the lantern being worked by Mr. Lawson. The harmonium was presided over by Master S. Dring.—On Sunday special services were held in the Co-operative Hall, in the after- noon and evening. Special. hymns and solos were sung by the children. Mr. Brown sang the anthem " I will arise," and Master H. Bridge sang "God will take care of you." The afternoon service was con- ducted by Mr.E. Weaver, and in the evening by Mr. W.Robinson The combined efforts realiz-td the sum of £3 15s..which will be of considerable assist- ance to Mr. Dying in his work in connection with the Sunday School. Music AT NEWTON.

With a view to starting a new Musical Society in Newton-le-Willows, a meeting was held on Monday evening at the Town Hall to pass the rules and form the constitution of the same. Alderman Smith J.P., presided. and the following members of the wxecuti re Committee were present :—Mrs. Clare Royse and Miss Watkins (by which two ladies the idea was originated), Mr. James Glover, Mr. Peter P airclough, Mr. James Singleton, and Mr. Hindley Smith. It was announced that the Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P., had become president of the society. and Dr. Watkins was nominated vice-presi lent. A letter of oncology was read from Mr. P. T. Evans. It was resolved to call the new venture " The Newton- le-Willows Choral and Orchestral Society," and as I there is a great deal of latent and growing talent in Newton for instrumental and vocal music it is the object of this society to foster and encourage 1 the cultivation of both high class singing end orchestral ensemble plavin. The committee : decided to invite members personally to lain the first vent, after which aspirants to the " divine art " will be interviewed by the conductor, Ntr, F. H. Crosdey, of Warrington. We understand that About 60 have joined the band and chorus already. To effect a good financial start the following honor- ary members have joined and subscribed as follows George Airey..£l is., Trs. Blundell, 104, GI.; r. R. J. Clegg, Lila ; Mr. George Clark, 100. 61.; Mr. James Gibson, .£1 is.; Mr Jams Moser. 10s. 6 i ; Dr. Handvside. 10-. 61.; Hori. T. W. Legh, M.P.; .£1 14.; Mr. Ltiffrnan, 104. 61.: Mr. Norman, 10.4. 6 I ; Mr. Pardey...Cl I.; captain and Mrs. Royse..£l ls.: Mr. James Smith. .1.P., .£1 is.; Mr. Street. 10a. 61. ; 11 Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, .£1 Is.; Mr. J. W. Thorp, I 10s. 61. • Colonel .1. Wood, £1 is. Many more of the residents of Newton and the neighbourhood have likewise promised contributions later. Full partic- ulars as to dates and place of meeting, &c., will be advertised shortly.

A CHDICR AS3ORTNIIO,I,o LAdiei' Blouses. Shirts, Um- brellaq, Parasols &c.--Htlys 17, San key-street, Warring on. Adv.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLI4ISTOWN. (BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR:.) I would remind my readers that the anniversary ,ervices in connection with the Earlestown Wes- leyan Sunday School will be held on Sunday. In addition to the ordinary services, there will be a ' sacred cantata in the chapel in the afternoon, at which the choir and several of the scholars in addi- tion to the band of the Earlestown Orchestral Society,lwill be present. The services are in aid of the funds of the Sunday school, and it is to be hoped the public will support such a worthy object.

It is well-known that during this week a high wind has prevailed in this neighbourhood, and in consequence has gathered and blown in blinding clouds along the thoroughfares, large quantities of dust. 'this has caused great inconvenience amongst the inhabitants, but, the authorities have to a cer- tain extent ignored the wants of the people. We have a water cart, and I must admit that it has dis- tributed water on the roads in some parts of the town, but other parts have been left severely alone. I suppose we all pay rates, and are entitled to an equal share of the patronage of the water cart, but whatever may be the cause, the inhabi- tants as I have said, have had to put up with the dust. I don't think this is scarcely fair, and where houses abut on the pavement, I certainly consider the authorities should see that the dust is kept down.

The Council admitted at their meeting on Mon- day that the water supply was being well main- tained, but complained that it was rather sandy. The cause of this was explained by Mr. Emmett, but they have appointed a sub-committee to wait upon Mr. Webb in respect to the water question, If the supply is good and sufficient for the wants of the township, I cannot conceive what on earth they want to Lee Mr. Webb about. I think the best thing they can do is to let well alone, and rest , content.

I am pleased, and no doubt all other ratepayers will be equally gratifi,d to learn that the rate., for the current year are to be the same as last year. At any rate there is no increase, and however much we may wish for a reduction, still it is pleasing to know that we shall not have to pay more. This is a creditable reflection on the old Board of Com- missioners.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING ACTIoN BY A• HAYDOCK SCHOOLMISTRESS.

A CASE OF WRONGFUL DISMISSAL.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Charlotte Tait, schoolmistress, Haydock, sued Mr. Theodore Drayton Grimke-Drayton, and Mr. W. S. Barrett, the managers of the Blackbrook British School, Haydock, for £45 163. Bd. for salary as headmistress of the above school, and for share of the Government grant, and salary in lieu of notice, and damages for wrongful dismissal. The particulars of the claim were as follows :—Five months salary up to June 27th at £.50 per annum, £2O 163. Bd. ; one quarter share of the government grant for the year ending in March, £2O ; and three months proportion of the grant up to June 27, £5. Mr. Jordan, barrister, Manchester, instructed by Mr. H. J. Long,ton, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. U. E. Allen, Wigan, defended. Mr. Jordan, in opening the case, said that the facts of the case were that the school in Whioll Miss Tait filled the position of headmistress was a colliery school near Newton-le-Willows. Certain gentlemen who owned the colliery where the managers of the whole affairs in con- nection with the school. Miss Tait was engaged on May 23rd, 1887, at a salary of £5O per annum, and she was also to receive a quarter of the government grant. She Was engaged by Ruth Evans, who was the correspon- dent for the directors, and received and answered all communications with the Education Department,and also the general briefness of the schnol. She entered upon her duties on June 27, 1887, and held her position until the commencement of the present year, when matters arose which gave rise to the present action. Some time ago the colliery company was turned into a limited liability company,but so far as Miss Tait was concerned matters went on just as usual. There was no notice of any description ever given to her of any change likely to he made. Some of the people interested in the school determined to enlarge the schools, or build new schools, and accordingly a new place was built, and it was then practically that Miss Tait for the first time ever heard of any change purported to be made in her position. On January 29 of the present year,she received a letter from Mr. Andrews, the curate of Haydock, who had succeeded to the position of secretary,informing her that the transfer of the infants in the company's school to the new schools would take place on the following Monday. She was also informed that her position would he the same as in the company's school with regard to the salary, and also her share of the Government grant, hut she was further informed that Miss Sawyer had been appointed headmistress, and Mr. Andrews said that he - had no doubt that with Miss Sawyer as headmistress and herself as second mistress the school would do well. Miss Tait, very properly took exception to that, as it was not what she had been engaged for, and no pre- vious intimation had been given to her of the change. It seemed to him (Mr. Jordan) that this was only a ruse on the part of the defendants to keep her for some time, and then get rid of her, and leave the man- agement of the school to the other lady who had been appointed head mistress. Miss Tait would tell his , Honour that this action of the school managers would damage her in-petting another situation, as the Educa- tion Department would not take her as having been head mistress telt word(' only regard her as a certificated assistant mistrees. Some correspondence took place,and Miss Tait Wl3 informed that unless she agreed to the offer of the managers she must not take any part in the work of the school. Miss Tait refusedond he contended that as he was enaaged as h-ad mistress, in refusing to take the position of assistant mistress, she was entitled to the claim she had made out. His Honour: Has she been dismissed ? Mr.Jorrian said that he held that the fact that his client was not allowed tn come to the school as head mistress was practically a dismissal. At the time, Miss Tait was engaged, the people who engaged her were Noneonform- i.ra, and Miss Tait he believed was a Nonconformist. Now, the vicar and curate wished to have the schools in their own hands, and he suggested that this had some- thing to do with the present affair. His Honour said that it would be better to keep that nut. Mr. Jordan agreed and then called Miss Tait, who said that she was a certificated schoolmistress. She enreeiroreted her counsel's statement.—Cross-examined by Mr. Allen, she said she was infant mistress. Mr. Jarmar was head master of the rest of the school, hut she received no orders with regard to the school from him. The sehonl was not condemned, but owing to straitness rsf aeeommedetien, the new schools were built. The excellent grant had never been given to the schools owingwhet h et thatw n ilid nacoctommemanodattitiaotn. the All Asellheen ael gawinaeasked con- demned, hut hi; Honour said that there was a difference court. ordering but ui tt he to between enl a r enlarged. condemnation cnn rie mo of tehd hoc hcnoniimatnya could not enlarge it. (Laughter.) John jacprer, master of the mixed department of the schools at Blackhrookssaid that he had been subpoenaed. The department over which he Was master contained no infants. and the appointment of the infant mistress was .PP3rate thine altogether. Miss Tait had had full con- trol of her department. The ordinary notice in termin- ating engagements in conneetion with school masters and school mistresses was three months.--Cross- examined : fie had never considered himself head master of the whole school. When returns were made to the Edtmetinn Department he always signed as prin- elnil of the mixed department. and Miss Tait as princi- pal of the infants' denartment. He did not know of any raeee where a month' e notice had been given to teachers but he had known even assistants to have a three months' notice. Mr. Allen for the defense submitted that there was no wronefril di:missal but the plaintiff had left the school herself voluntarily, His Honour Not according to the correspondence. Mr. Allen oaid that it would he necessary to go.further lot , the case. The school in question was.tmilt some years 3 ,() by the late Mr. Josenh Evans and at that time as now consisted of a mixed and infante' department. The population had increased tremendously and at the commencement of 1893 it Was found necessary to enlarge the school. When the transfer was made a meeting of the'ineira gers Was held, and it was considered that as the exeellent grant had never been earned, Miss Tait wes not competent to undertake the duties of school- mistress in a larger arhent,l nd consequently Miss Sawyer wa• eneeeed, and Miss Tait Was placed as assistant mistress with the same salary as aforetime. He con- tended that she was never head mistress but Was under the dirreeion of Mr. Jagger. His, Honour said that the evidence was entirely against that. It had been proved that Miss Tait's posi- tion in the school Was an independent one. He must say that if everything that Mr. Allen had said was proved he must still hold that there had been wrongful dismissel. • Mr. Allen then proceeded to deal with the question of damages, and held that a month's notice was sufficient.

He then called W. S. Barrett, th enmmorcial manager for Richard Evans Rnd Co., and correspondent for Blackbrook school. He said that he had been manager of various sr/Innis for 25 cpars, and he had known many cases where, .nlinnimaster or iniEtress had given or taken a

month's notice. His Honour You would put them on the same foot- ing AR domestic servants.—Proceeding to give judgment, hiA Honour held that there was wrongful dismissa proved. He Alqo held that Miss Tait was entitled to three month's Salary in lieu of notice, and also her pro- portion of the government grant, as well as three month's proportion for the current veqr. He therefore gave judgment for the plaintiff for £37 10s.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
1R95

NEWTON DIST RIOT COUNCIL.

The monthly ineeting of the above Council was held on Monday in the Earleatown Town Hall. Mr. C. B. F. Borron, J.P, C.C., presided, and there were also present —Messrs. J. W. Emmett, J.P., W. Collingwood, P. Mac- Mahon, W. Gilmour, F. J. Wood, R. Stone, J.P., J. Simpson, J. Smith, J.P., W. Thompson,jun., T.Ormand. E. Evans,W. Beatty, and the Rev. E.W.W.Kaye,and Mr. J. E.Worsley (law clerk), and Mr. R. Brierley (clerk and surveyor).

===== 0002601_18950511_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS ETC. COMMITTEE.

This commit-t-e-e;;;:te-clha7-11ii: -Follingwood had been again elected chairman for the ensuing year. They had also further considered private street making, and hal resolved that the subject be again referred to the special committee, and that Mr. Stone's name be added to that committee. A letter was read from Miss Appleton respecting a high wall and other inconveniences caused by her neighbour, Mr. Adams, in Park-road, and this was passed to the surveyor to reply to. The considera- tion of land for proposed stables, etc., was ordered to be dealt with by the special committee on the nightsoil questimn.—The minutes were moved by Mr. Collingwood seconded by Mr. MacMahon, and they were passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
OAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.

This committee reported that Mr. J. Smith had been elected chairman of the committee for the ensuing year. A letter from Mr. Webb, dated 20th March, re water supply had been considered, and the committee resolved that Messrs. Smith, Barron, Stone, and MacMahon be a sub-committee to confer, and if necessary, seek an interview with Mr. Webb. A letter was read from Captain Royse re his deposit on gas. It was resolved that interest be allowed at 4 per cent, per annum, on all consumers' deposits, the same to date from Lady Day last. The carbonizing account for the past month was read, giving fuel used 304 tons 18 cwt. ; gas made 3,069,000 feet, being an average of 10,049 feet per ton of fuel used. The gas. manager re- . ..

ported the illuminating quality of the gas at 19 3 Candles that 18 drawn joints had been made good in the St. Helens-road between Alderson's Farm and Evans and Co.'s Crossing, and five drawn joints in Market-street, between St. John's Church and St. Helens-road, which has caused a very heavy leakage of gas. The water supply during the past month had been well maintained, but complaints had been made of its sandy nature ; the cause was explained by Mr. Emmett. The gas manager was instructed to try two wagons of Arley Nuts from Messrs. Fletcher, Burrows, and Co. It was also resolved that the street lamp lighting be continued through the summer months whln necessary.--Mr. Smith moved and Mr. Evans seconded the minutes which were passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

This committee reported that Mr. Ormand had been elected chairman for the ensuing year. Accounts to the amount of £512 84. 2d. were passed for payment.—Mr. Ortnand moved and Mr. MacMahon seconded the adop- tion of the minutes which were passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE,

The committee reported that Mr. Wood was again elected chairman for the ensuirg year. In his quarterly report, the school attendance officer (Mr. Ball), stated that at St. Peter's school, number on books were 270, average attendance,243,per centage,9o ; St. Peter's Infants, number on books. 103, average at- tendance, 64, per centage, 62 ; Gas-st. Infants,numher on books, 64, average atteodance, 52, per centage 81± ; Wargrave, number on books, 229, ave Page attendance, 189. per centage, 82k; Wargrave Infants, number on bloks, 24, averaue attendance, 17, per centage, 705-6 ; Earlestown District, number on books, 377, average at- tendance, 338, per centage, 89 ; Earlestown Infants, numberon hooks, 24, average attendance,2s3, per cen- tage, 89 ; Wesleyan, number on books, 548, average at- tendance, 464 ; Der centage,B4s ; Wesleyai Infantq,num- her on hooks, 225, average attendance, 171, per centage, 76 •, Roman Catholic, number on books, 170, average at- tendance, 159. per centaur.. 931 ; !Oman Catholic In- fants, number on books, 131. average attendance, 92, ner centage, 70 1-5 ; Vulcan Infants, number on books, 109, averave attendance, 88 ; per centage, 80 4.5 ; totals —March, 1895, number on books, 2,534, average atton- dance, 2,130, per contage, 84 ; totals—March, 1894, number on books, 2,438, average attendance, 2 092 The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. Wood seconded by Mr. Beatty.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
RATES FOR THE ENSI7ING YEAR.

Mr. Ormand moved the following rates for the ensu- ing year :—Highways and Sewers,lod. in the £ ; Gene. ral Improvement, 1. in the £ ; Water Rate, 2d. in the £ for the district, and 3d. for the sub-districts.—Mr. Smith seconded, and the motion was carried unani- mously.

TFCHNICAL INSTRUCTION ACCOUNTS. A lettPr waq rpad from Mr. Barton, Newton,on bPhal

of a committee meeting at Newton, suggesting that the balance sheet of the Technical Instruction Classes be issued along with the towns'dp accounts. Mr. Barton said that he did not wish to appear to find fault with the manner in which the classes had been conducted,but he thought that it would be to the public advantage if a statement were published.—Mr. Ormand said that the balance sheet was issued every year,and every publicity was given to it. He wished to make this clear to the public in general, and to Mr. Barton in particular.— After some further discussion, the letter was referred to • , the Technical Instruction Committee.

PUBLIC ELEMENTARY _EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

On thermotion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Collingwood, Messts.Wood, Simpson, Ma cMahon,Evans, and Slee were appointed the representatives of the Colin- cil upon this committee.

THE OVEHSEERSHIP.

The Chairman said that he had received a petition with regard to the appointment of overseers for the township of Newton.—Mr. Smith : How many yards long ?—The Chairman : M long as myself. The Chair- man then proceeded to read the petition whi6h ran as follows : " We, the undersigned ratepayers of Newton- in-Makerfield. wish to express our disapproval of your action —Oh !)—in disregarding one of our nominations for overseers, on the plea that you received no written notification thereof. Further, we deem your action, as violating the spirit of the Local Government Act, 1894, and respectfully ask that you will amicately settle the difficulty by appointing our remaining nominee as an additional overseer. Your petitioners will over pray, etc," Then followed 300 er 400 names.—Mr. Smith : I move that this insulting document lie on the table.—The Chairman said that he had been asked by a deputation to present that petition, and he considered it his duty to do so, but it was net to he taken as indicating his opinion as to the merits of the case at all. He only undertook to present it before the Council. He would ask the law clerk whether the statement that they were violating the spirit of the Local Government Act was correct.—Mr. Wersler said that he could not see in what , manner they could he said to he violating the spirit of the Local Government Act. Nothing they did in rela- tion to the appointment of overseers violsted the Act.— Mr. Simpson asked whether they could reopen the question.—Mr. Smith : We have appointed overseers for the year, and the discussion is therefore out of order. He pressed his motion.—Mr. Stone seconded Mr. Smith's motion that the neiltion lie on the table.—Mr. Gilmour a,ked whetherofficial notification had been sent to the Chairman with reference to the recommendation of the overseers for Newton-in-Makerfield —Mr. Brierley said that he could not say whether he had received offi- eial information or not.—The Rev. E. W. W. Kaye : Have we power to appoint three overseers ?—Mr.Smith: We are wasting time. We have already filled the places for this year.—Mr. Simpson : The petition is out of one works.—Mr. Ormand ; Mr. Simpson will have to prove that.—The Chairman said that Mr. Ormand was out of order.—Mr. Ormand : But Mr. Simpson made a statement which he will have to prove—The Chair- men: I did not catch Mr. Simpson's observation.—Mr. Ormand :But I did.—Mr. Gilmour was proceeding to contradict Mr. Simpson, when the Chairman called him to order.—Mr. Emmett thought Mr. Simpson ought to have been called to order, or else let Mr. Gilmour have a chance of reply. Mr. Simpson had made a statement which he could not prove unless he had seen the petition. Be would also venture to say that the statement was not correct.—Mr. Simpson The petition hag been going round the works ("What works ?") The Viaduct works, and it has net been seen outside.—Mr. Emmett said that Mr. Simpson should either be called upon to withdraw that statement or he prepired to prove it.—The Chair- man however closed the discussinn and put Mr. Smith's motion to the meeting. For it, there voted, the Chair- man, and Messrs. Collingwood, Wood, Stone, Simpson, Smith, Thompson, and Kaye ; against, Messrs. Emmett, MacMahen. Gilmour, Beatty, Evans, end Ormand. The mot,on was therefore passed by eight votes to six. Mr. Gilmmir asked who appointed the assistant over- seer.—Mr. Wnrsley replied that this was an appoint- ment of the Guardians. The Council then proceeded to discuss the new stand- ing orders, and the meeting afterwards terminated.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
LYi(M.

COMING MARRIAGE.—The marriage of Mr. Henry Egan Hill, of Carlton, London, and Miss Margaret Mora Norris, daughter of Mr. T. P. Norris, LP., of Eaglebrow House, Lymna, will take place at St. Mary's, Lymm, on Wedoecday, the 26th of June. HAWHING WITHOUT A CRRTIFOATE.—OH TheSelAy, At the Police Court before Messrs. Dr. Brabazon and J. °reason, Alexander Atherton was charged with having acted as a pedlar, without a certificate, at Booth's Hill, Lymm.—Sergeant Washington proved the case.—The magistrates fined defendant Ss. including costs, or, in default, seven days' Imprisonment.

IKThe infirmary question is the most important theme at present before the Warrington Board of Goardians, and in fact has been for two or three years. It has, however, of late come to the fore a little more, owing to the infusion of new blood on the Board,and at the last meeting a further step was taken by appointing a committee of eight to go into the matter thoroughly, and report to the Board at the earliest convenience. There is thus, at length, something definite being done. The Guardians are, however, not unanimous upon the subject, so that it is not yet certain bow the matter will terminate.

;Mom.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
MELANCHOLY FATALITY AT Li HIESTO WN.

A LADY DECAPITATED.

On Wednesday afternoon about one o'clock, Miss Jane Kerfoot, a maiden lady 54 years of age, who resided with her brother in Wargrave-road, met with her death in a shocking manner, at Earles- town station through being knocked down and run over by a train of empty coal wagons. It appears she left home shortly before one o'clock for the pur- pose of catching the 1-9 p.m. train to Warrington. She was !ming to the station by way of the curve footbridge, and the path leading to the station. As she was proceeding along the path an empty wagon train was coming. from the direction of Warring- ton to Ilaydork. Ile train being a long one, Miss Kerfoot doubtless thought she would get over the crossing before the train passed and thus save a little time. The driver saw her pass in front of the engine, and when on the crosAng it is supposed she became confused by the near approach of the engine, and be ore she had time to turn back or go forward, she was knocked down and run over, her head and her left foot being severed. The train was stopped, and the body which had been carried on to the Liverpool main line was taken from under the wheels, and after being placed on the ambulance litter, was removed home.

===== 0002601_18950511_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

An inquiry into the circumstances was held at the Railway Inn, Earlestown, on;Thursday afternoon by Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner. Mr. T. Waywell was foreman of the jury. Mr. Fenna from the solicitor's office, Lime- street station, was present on behalf of the London and North Western Railway Company ; Messrs. E. and J. George and J. Lath4tn watched the proceedings in the interest of Messrs. R. Evans and Company. Mr. George Kerfoot said the deceased was his sister, and resid,cl with him in Wargrave-road. Her age last birthday was 154 years. He last saw her alive at 7.40 on the morning of the accident, He knew she was going by train dur- ing the day to Warrington, and he heard shortly after the occurence that she had been killed. Previous to her death she was in the best of health, had good hearing and eyesight. She ha l lived at the above address since September last, and had used the station frequently. When going from the Wargrave-road they had to go to the station to book. He had often seen coal trains pacing over the crossing at the end of the platform, and he con- sidered it a dangerous place.—? C. J.T. Schofield said he was a constable stationed at Wargrave. He was well acquainted with the deceased, and saw her leaving home about 12.50 on Wednesday, just as he was leaving his house. He walked down with her talking about the

weather, and they crossed the curve bridie together. After getting over the bridge she hurried on and got about 20 yards in front of him. When she got within a yard or two of the four foot, he could see the train corn- ing,,,and it would be about 40 yards down the siding frem Warrington. There were two young ladies comng off the platform at the same time, to get to the curve. Re shouted to the deceased and the young ladies, to look out. The latter stepped back, but the deceased stood in the middle of the four foot and was knocked down. She looked in the direction of the train, but did not appear to be able to move either one way or the other. The train would then be about a dozen yards from her. be afterwards found her on the main line, dead. fie did not hear the engine whistle. The train was stopped when about a dezen wagons had passed over the deceased, and the fireman assisted him to pull her from under the wagons.—ln answer to the Coroner, witness said all persons goir.ct from the curve either Warrington or Newton way, mu, tgo over the crossing, and if they came from Wargrave they would have to pass over it twice.—Mr. Latham said about 20 trains per day passed o,ter the crossing.—Witness, continuing, said he had never seen any precautions taken by the Company to protect persons passing and repassing over the crossing. When trains were passing over, the signalman had to stand in the street, to protect one side of the cross- ing in the street, the other side being blocked by a large gate. When he opened the gate he had to take himself further away from the scene of the accident. -The Coroner Have you seen any of the official come down from the booking office and stand at the crossing when a coal train was passing ? No.—By Mr. Fenna : Witness would not swear positively that there was no whistle. The signalman was too far away to be

of any use protecting people at the crossing. He saw the train coming and deceased could also see it, there was nothing t o stop the view.—By a juryman : If he had not railed to the two young ladies he thought it qui*e likely they might have been caught by the train. —John Bite, the driver of the coal train, said he was _ . .

about 10 yards from the decf aged when he first saw her. Phe was in the four foot way, right in front of the en- gine. He was travelling about four miles an hour. He blew the whistle the moment he saw her making an attempt to cross,and then shut off steam. /t was cus- tomary to blow the whistle when passing over the cros- sing.—Mr. Young, stationmaster, said he had been at I Earlestown 31 years. He should say about 100 people went aver the crossing every day, and about 40 or 50 at night when it was dark. The Coroner What precautions were taken to protect , people going to and from the curve ? None whatever. This state of things had been in existence ever since he came to Earlestown,and there had never been an a,•cident at that snot before, but there had been miraculous escan, s.—Mr. Penna said if they put a bridge over this crossing it would have to be blocked at both ends.—The Coroner said he did not see why itshould not be blocked the same as they had blocked the Wargrave end of the curve bridge.—After a short consultation the jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death " and attached no blame to any of the Company's servants, but added a presentment that the Company should be strongly urged to make some provision for the protection of the public."

===== 0002601_18950511_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BAD OLD TIMES.

LECTURE AT EARLESTOWN. On Monday evening at the Baptist Chapel, Earles- town, the Rev. C. F. Aked. of Liverpool, gave a lecture on" The Bad Old Times," in aid of the church funds. Mr. T. Ormand presided, and there was a large audience. The Lecturer said they often heard people speak in praisai of the good old times, but the phrase was dis- tinctly unscientific and untrue. Whereas every nation in the world had put its golden age right back in the distant past the children of Israel always put their golden age in front. They were always reaching for- ward in search of the happy time which was to come, and through the darkness of captivity, in exile amid suffering and in wane, the people of Israel were still dreaming, hoping, longing for the goad time that was yet to come. For us to suppose the good old times are oast, and that the future is to be the bad times, was to fall below he level of Judaism, and below the level of 'Christianity itself. To talk about the good old times was unscientific. It was a vanishing quantity ;it was a" will o' the wisp," and the more they looked the less likely it was they would find when all these good things took place. As compared with the age in which we live they were had old times. He alluded to the times when people had to make a fire with the aid of a flint and steel. In the single art of getting a light,we had moNed further in 50 Years than the whole race of men had moved in 5,000 years before. Among the peonle of both classes, high and low,there had been a growth of deli- cacy, and refinement of morals and manners. Men had been more conspicuously and more ridiculcmsly the slaves of fashion than women had been. Whatever might have been the follies of women,the follies of men had been more numerous and more grotesque. There was that grotesque and hideous piece of machinery, the tall hat, and the high collar. There was a good deal of the dress of the present day they could not respect, hut when they came to the dress of the past good heavens ; think of the wigs. Ile spoke of Dr. John- son, who, he said, always carried in his gold headed cane a disinfectant, and this he did, because the houses were so dirty in the bad old times. The dress and hat gear of the women was formerly just as wonderful as the wigs. In about 1700 it was the fashion fea the women to wear their hair about 4 feet high, and when they got it up, they kept it up for about three months. But it was safe to say that we had moved a little on the matter of dress since the good old times. In 1842 when the Duke of Wellington was approached by the S.E Rail- , way Company for Parliamentary assistance in improving I the 3rd class passenger accommodation, he said,the pro- pnsition to improve the 3rd class accommodation would only be to encourage the lower orders to go wandering aimlessly about the country, and impede the public ser- vice. Mr. Aired then went on to allude to the Corn taws the empleyment of child labour,and the conditions which produced crime, and of the county magistrates he said that of all the arrogant, insolent, muddle headed, lop- sided tribunals ever called into existence in a civilised world the English bench of county magistrates was the worst.

-A.-;ote of thanks to the lecturer and chairman was accorded at the close.

PADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, On SUNDAY, MAY 12th, 1895. Preacher: Rev. GEORGE HAMMOND, of Manchester. Service 1 Morning, 10.30; Evening, 6.31. In the afternoon at 2.30 a Flower Service will be held, Address by Miss BESSIE DUTTON, of Moore. Special Anthems and Hynans will be sung. Collections in aid of Sunday School.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MA LIKE I'.--1/F• DNESINLY, May BTa FRUIT, VEGRTABLIi vOITL CRY. BUI,AIBRS'33O

. FISHMONGERS' TABLE. S. d. c. rt. 8. d. S. d. Beef, Eng.., it 0 sto 0 9 Melon each ... ( 0- 0 U Lamb per lb 1 0- 1 2 Oranges. each b 0- 0 1 „ Veal ~ ~0 0 000 6- 10 Celery V stick 0 0: 0 0 Mutton 0 6-0 10 Pears Pork „ „ 0 6-0 8 Aoricots each 0 ..) _o 0 Pock sides , cured O5-0 ) Caubtiowerseacho 4 0 6 Whole pigs„ sc 7 9-8 0 Cuou wore each° 6 0 0 Geese „ - 0 L Fow's "'couple 4 6-5 6 Tom does V ft ) 0 -1 v` Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb - 0 0 Ducks ~6 0•- 0 0 Spaniso Onions 0 0- 0 0 o i—,(,) ~.2 Rabbits Hares. each -0 0 AspAragns #0 100 0 0- # " Pigeons „ - 0 0 Potatoes t" load 10 041 0 Part'ldge brace 0 0-0 0 New potevoes , 0 0 0 6 Grouse ~ - 0 0 Mushrooms If4t 1 6-0 0 Pheasants -0 0 Green Peas IP it 10-0 0 Turkey Butter, fresh b, 1 2- 1 3 B ans,kidtifey it 1 0- 0 ' Hen eggs 14 1 0 - 0 0 Poinegzanates...o 2-0 0 Duck ~0 0- 0 0 Walnuts ~o 0-0 6 Apples lb Onions ~0 1- 0 2 Chess o o— o ° Grapes ~0 0- 3 6 Pine old - . 0 Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 r est new Greengageslitol 0-0 0 „ ordinary ,45 0,,- 6,16 0 Cherries , ...... 0 0- 0 0 Loiater flt -,- 0 StrawberAes ~ 0 0-0 0 Turbot - ' a Damsons ~ .. 0 0-0 o s Amon', - 2 ' 6 Plums ~0 0- 0 0 Whit,:ngs 6 _ 0 Gooseberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Pluk ~ 20 Raspberries ~0 0-0 0 Eels ~,, - 0 BlackOurrants 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ ~1 2 - 1 1° 1 6 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings ' 0 0- - Marrows each 0 0-0 a Codfish •,0 4 —OO 1 Seakale P 5510 0- 0 0 Macaerel each 0 5 - ~- 0 Rhubarb bob 0 0- 0 0 iierrihg Pdozen 1 0-" -.

===== 0002601_18950511_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
• r xantlntr: viol tint a () 830 FoR ABRoAD. WYCLIFFn sT'" BEMS

YCLIPPE SUNDAY SCHOOL, 1116W8EY-STREET, WARRINf.TON. THE SACRED CANTATA. " UNDER THE PALMS" Will be repeved t I WYCLIFFE HALL, To-rnn„ r que' , ow ounday) Afte-n on, MAY 12th, 1895: .ummerces st 2.36. Principal Soloists Mrs. PEARSON. Xi" BOOTH. Meia.S. W. H. WALLINOcON. and The Wycl A. Mr IFFITiI4. iffe Orch.-stral Band will accompany. Collections for School Funds. ItIiNCORN PRIMITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY settoot ANNIVERSARY. On 811,s1)4y, MAY izTa. 1893. TWO SERMMON-; will (DV.) be prenched in GREENWAY-ROA I CHAPEL, RC t.OR N. IIY t'c'e Rev. WILLIAM WRIGHT of Nantwich. 14 the Moraing ID 30. Evening at 6 Afternoon at 230 an tDDRES3 wi 1 be Riven by the T. BRAM H A LL, Resident Mist r. s Chairman, P. SPE tK .1 AN. Earl , LP., C.C. VALI I,Yrnos will b mby the 'Scholars and Choir. olleettons at eachearryice in aid of the &Moo' Fund. IVY AND Jt LOliNPaY'May , BANG° ..mAILY SAILING ;rpterl and weat 81.•jid TIJD3( aY• 3rd .luN Zll:nr. I 730 Pan. -OLIDAyi. stet.:lX!s Etturnt Ind tj J: Cook m 1,414 1• Ga lits.t"h Wales St POOL IrkLooll lutke 114/4. ,k.taapt,

BEAUTIFUL LAWNS, TENNIS COURTS BOWLING GREENS, &C. SOW APRIL AND MAY PURE EVERGREEN LAWN GRASS SEEDS, 11- PER LB. 20/- PER BUSHEL. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN GRASS SEMI tS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds' same as sown by us in our lawns round the Groups of ifvergreens. Trees, and Shrubs, fdr which we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVE9POOL EXHIBITION. And which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration or all visitors. We supplied last sea- son, with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE AND RELIABLE FLOWER AM) VHGETABLE SHEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. Plain and Practical Seed List Post Free. ROBERT P. KFR & SONS, CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE. 11, BASNiaT-STREET, AND AIGBURTH NURSERIES, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPoOL.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-zsTREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manch star MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificsisl Teeth making. In Price, Qmality. Fit, and Natural Lite-like appearance. Success is the greatcst evidenty, of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable Maces. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown anti Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 208. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSiVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS"NEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Pdnless System.! MACDONALDS' TwETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids toHealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' 1 E NTH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies ,in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4. Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHW ICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite t'remn and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE ever) FRI DAY.II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY. (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

B)ss#*s 0 op

LORD BROS., FOR

VRISCH, SCHIER WATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WA CH COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BESt TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitatkn. Price unrivalled. -- Silver rases, Chronometer Balance RI 15 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto Gold, from 4 4 0 29, CHURCH-SFREET, LIVERPOOL. - - SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER. PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE ThWELLERY OF EV ivRY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REFD, JEWELLER AND PAWNBKOKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel)

THE BEST, THE NEWEST, AND THE CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE,

4.--------- tonNday, rstaJUN ~ SAI TANGS, commencin2 Satur- .% Y 18th 1895 LIVRRPOOL TO LLA N. ,O. BANG r,., ....! 'JRA( MARIS, and MENAI BRIDGE. BAILINGS' Bfrom Prin ,e's Landinz .4age (Sundays Weather and other circumstances permitting). lisuda T. 11313,30... 18th VAY to 29th JUNE, except Bank dITNE Leaves Liverpool .0.45 a.m. Arrives SPEC' ‘.1.. SAILING-8 for WHIT ',UN- to sa; For P ,es and turther par! iculars apply Ikes.,; ENIMET:a OW' nc'' li •le and Jockey, Warringt..n ; Likilli ~,; Cook and So, SWan and Leach, Limited. , Dean 74 No. rirt; H• Gaz;and S D Sons. Limited. or to the v. rpool 1y.20 , 'l.'. nales Steamship . lo , Limited, T. G. Brew, aecre- -Err.. LivEttrouL. ' 1

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FROM 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUTFITTER, BR I DGE-ST. (UNDER THE ÜbiBRELLI..)

THE NEW LONDON SPRING SUITINGS THREE GUINEAS. MADE ONLY TO ORDER in a careful and effi- cient manner in the latest London Mode due regard being paid to the Wishes of the Customer one of the finest Selections of SUITINGS in New and confined designs in the provinces. Co SUNDERLAND, 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

I^-UPTLIIER. - FOR -CURE OF RUPTURES. n T. TIGGINGTON'S Improved llffeetual TRUSSfor Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works.? 19. Qrosvenor-street , Lon- 'on-road. Manchester.

SEA EXCIJ----1()NS between LIV Etc- NURId WL9. The SPLENDID PASSBIim stig k ?LEE, SNOWDON, will ‘rtgul" Excursions (weather permitting) EVERY LeUillg the Prm•e's ning Stage, fit 10.45 .41 -BraL.LANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR. and A. Lovv InGli Arriving 14aek in L•verpool about T•3O ?AIM or Ffurther parthlulre apply to Dont) • 31. TOWER BUILDINGS, LIVERPOOL. _ _

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES. DUII ARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of O. A. Ch not). Strings, Bo's, Cites, an., of Finest Quality. MITOTIC REPAIRINI:•/ IN ALL ITS BRANCHN El AT 37, RENSH W STRE sa, LIVERPOOL.

ETIGLIEST PRICE Given for O'd Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffial4 and Rleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &e. Lett rs attended to. 0. H. HAYHURST late d.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON • FOR GOOD BOOTS.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5. Repayable 6e. Weekly, Entire Charge RI 2s. 3d. £5O. ~ 20e. „ 09 £3 91. Od. £lOO, „ 40e. .. £6 16e. Od. ALEX.. GORDON Manager.

Established 1885. Estimates given. W. J. 011 AW, R.P.C., AND SONS, REOISTEN.RD SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAM-LANE, W A R liINGTON PAINTERS, GLaZIEltd, PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest imn.ovements from £lO and upwards BEST PRICE given for OLD LEAD.

° Nbi G iiTityrvIABc9IITING CRUISES tho Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. Mot Nu,„" MKT SUN " AND " NoRSI3 KING." p -OASTLE NTy NH every Ssturday, at 7.30 '44"4le4nre,""_ft"l Twel-ye Guineas, Inc uding every modern 40/1. and luxury. 4 taVVAIlcu, APPIY for Itineraries to ,e NS' 14/6 and CO. Examiner„ °Mee, Warrington, ". ziOPE aid Co., Baltic-chambers, Newcastle-

erontrartO. WAR DEPARTMENT CONTRACT. NOTICE T') BUILDERS. TE sID RS are required for the INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL PAINTING, LIMEWHI - ING, AND CIOLORING;and Works in conni-ctlon therewith at Orford Barracks, Warrington, in the North Wkstern Dis- trict. Persons deriritig to Ten,er for the Execution o these Works, must leave their names at Vie Roy Nngineer Office. Rupert Lane, Liverpool on or before th gOth clay of May, 1895, sad pay the aura of ten shi: lap for the Bills of Quantities. which, with form of Tender, will be issued to each candidate. The Secretary of State for War does not bind tilmself to accent the lowest or any 'lender. ROYAL ENGINE& s OFFICE, 111, C. HART, LIVERPOOL. LIEU l' COL. R.E. ern Play, 1895, COMMA N DING ROYAL ENGINEER; LIVERDOOL.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

0 E 11) i‘, sCoTLAN_Dit N TICKETS bot„4,l,suea''',l A.R. Y., R.E T U the Ist May to 31st twer, -ming ....,e period Cfromnder months, bY OWL or Ns";,11.• baartesareainiaobtlettor tfwei:lblea.le It not used withinmattLe lot tie':ta'd heriod thevraynres cancelled. No allowance sets lost, mislaid, or not used. - BETWEEN STEAM C Vi "UNICATION , 1 !'t LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. LING AT GREFNOCK _ t are'in"-t-e The first-eclat CUM-cowered Screw S eamers ildej ended to OWaL, Nara le • Liy, Bail from CLA 411 s Lai.,,,,11'a01. ail under, earryin sssengers a BEAR (south-West i -a in Sailing * t be Bills. o ghagd. ofrdosmand theP Agents. MAX. From From Prince s Landing 86db Clsretiee Dock. Stage. , 11Bi'it.• .......... .I.I7IISDAY 14111, 1 P. 71 ~ L_ RAT CRDAY ISt h lit aid 15th, 2 1 an -4;44i..../: ....... '. ......i Stewards•' Fee) ell‘e, 128 js.ES ;--CaDill (Tickl' 6 P•m; Ilvm 'in pay-f1..,i Return £1 fare. Children above ;steerage.lltnswig iolgylee,m.6ss. and under t.ive -1' Ret4 Nee half these fares. 2s, -'1)001 B ra Tickets ( valid for 10 days) issued between kle . "tu'N'sk, and Glasgow. Cabin, 15e. Steerage, See,,ernard.m. • and .1. Burns. 30 Jamaira-St.. Glasgow. and Leith ; Wit lam Sinclair.,xc/ CO.se-_ b)u ildings, C MACIVI:B °Niefr' an. d 65 'Tower Buil-lie °lst :i° at the B gs, c Water-st,,Liverpool. tet Naas, 00 eidgewater Navigation mP , •hv, Limiter Land INPany, 4l, Queon st., and Watert -ostiver, aud C 0 . , Albert -square, Manchester. _ - -s;Man ches S-----TAR—LIN 0 ROYAL ''-.'!.0 MAIL STEAMERS. ~. --..‹,...., LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Co4ll/0 Wed Ma 15 ELENICW..I:Pw.NeEd4D. Aza.y 22. - ay 15. 1 T d,_tndea,..nertsd on rassenyer Jleamveor vs. age marked thus". otbit'st oeal ,tee be carried II rat'eus.t he-winding Outfit free The . stlkild I,4e'e ),aEkisltoiown Philadelphia, kis (:14 11,14,1"..1! of this 'line are or Baltimosrita.claTth,e. INSNS47t4;;;zlOsfu ger arrangements, alalndtiulenslaurrtae unsurpassed in appointments. Saloon and State t4745,,111.11,44,,h_ipe. Apply to lemar. 12110E1AgtiX. London. WC., an • 4v16-I,T TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: ll'"\. JOHN WALKER AND Co-, - "EXAMINER ' OFF ICE: WA.RRINfr ..Tos . NOR I , AGENTS FOR 'NE for NEW YORK every SATUR- V/ every THURSDAY.-Fars.i.B2. iTt 0 ------ ---- NEW' YORK every \A AITAR LINE for tOtiti-------,r,, WEDNESDAY. _ 141,440411tJA1 everyl% i Ev esSi koA7Tikil AtaM PTdONLI,I4 JUL qlll°N L' ND bri.--Fare £2. N"--...„....._ •A ' -.,, to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY. Ab E T ,f,,E. MELBOURNE and SYD.I'ZY - A EAmERs from LIVERPOOL. _ ZINS L18R44.1.: AND. TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN tt• ~ 124 he Tes„„,laaqing passengers en route at Teneriff, itts,, - o and at Hohart. AC. T AIDING - PlR,pu', EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, POS.- 41kilaki.DELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA. AN Ttake titkNeis inilllalEtToltrANTHEWS aZtEALAND, " HE 41 , EXAMINER"OFFICE. ells, Ili the WARRINGTON. above-mentioned or any other lines. CO. AGENTS _ 1 s REVOI. UTION IN THE 35F A, WATCH TRADE. ;A4 PT° B. CARD WELL, ti, "-CTICAL -WATCHMAKER, , ' *felol, I°S, °ALE gTREET, LIVERPOOL, t - and especially to Mechanics. Sa thorough English Zsiable Bil IN ER ~ LEVER WATCH, and:leo:irate in time, at a cost 4cif 1811 LI, Persons will be surprised that a genuine le '44'iiiivtr 'an be Inado for the price. but T. B. IVA°Z, Zss'L h, as surteesded in producingan EvvitiNish Ply ''2ll i the 355. ENCILISII SILVER L e ve,t4 ewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for eAn be had at C I 105 , ARDW ELL'S , iiALF.',- I..JSTREET, LIVERPOOL. liall.,„l.lSlNNt Door to Central Police Station. 'll'ad 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. PROMPT AND RELIABLE. Tlrß LAA/TILLER O. LAMP, TEs„, k,.T114 • 11P-TO-(ATE IMPROVEMENTS. 11, ' 11114 LARGE, AND WHITE 'LIGHT. 484I•talsT ninricE FOR RE-WICKI2IO tkti EVER INVENTED. it Nott CANNOT LEAK. "EMIRS, PLUMBER', LAMP DEALERS, s3R WHOLESALE FROM lIAXENDALE'S, MILLER-sTREET, MANCMESTER. . lISTABLISHED 1855. - —- -. __— .b KIRKLAND BROS. uAtERB TO THE QUEEN, ILVE REMOVED vttoM THE TOP TO THE 13(yrrn„ --,-,31 OF BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., PROFESSOR 01 OF SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION on the but English and Italian methods.—Term, 10. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS 131SKETS From Se. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 391 AND 41.1 . ALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE PRINCIPAL of thoroughly good SEA-SIDE SCHOOL in Wales, will rec-ive one or two girls to fill vacancies at half fees, viz., guglish, French, Latin Drilling £7 per term.—Actiress S. L. EXAMINER OFFICE, Waning. ton.

BANK HOUSE SCHOOL AND KINDERGARTEN, conducted by MRS and MISS REYN OLDS. The Next Term will begin on TEVIISDIY, MIY 2xn, 1895. After the ummer Vacation the School duties will be re- sumed at the PRIORY. Entrance, St. Austin's-lane, at the foot of Cairo-st.

EORSEKARKET-STRE ET, 57 1 (opposite ootland-road ) J. BANKS, Cate with J. and W. DUTTON), B'MS to inform the public of Warrington and district that he has opened the above prumises as GENT'S HOSIER, OUTFITTER, and UMB RELLA MAKER. THE STOCK consists of all the LATEST STYLES in SHIRTS, COLLARS. FRONTS. CLIFFS, TIES, SCARFS. GLOVES. HOSIERY. Ste.. &e. A good variety of UNDER WEAR and a choice spiection of UMBRELLAS. RECOVERING FROM 3s 6d. J. B. hopes by paying strict attention to business, com• bined with moderate charges, to merit a share a patronage and support.

1711051 AS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AN t) VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. ROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION, Special Arrangements, er.a. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insur Ince Co.

flifintP• NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upward. on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870 •

ANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF I. WARRINGTON. TRH PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCH HALL COLLIERIES, IgEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Goal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel .tept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House rders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19A, Sankey-st.

MONEY. MONK,Y. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Sim ply on note of hand. Distanc no object. —Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-3t., Harlestown (private house). Hours 9a m to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN sECURITY. Nt) RoNOS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVA.TE. To respectable liouseho:ders, F..rmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Repayments Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, •saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO j 031, PH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 125, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK BUTTERMARK ET-ST I, EET. (ESTABLISHED 1918.) THE BANK IS OPEN DAILY from 11 to 1 O'CLOCK. Wednesdays until 4 o'clock.and Saturdy niAts 6 to 8 o'clock. SUMS of ONE SHILLING and U t WARDS RECEIVED, limited to £5O in one year. £2OO received in one year for purchase of Government Stock, No eh ma for Pots Books. All transactions strictly private —P,tyments on demand up to £lO. Any amount over £lO after seven days notic The DEPOSITORS in this Pank now mill3er 11,022 and have to their credit £300.290 us. The Offlei 1 Receipt show- ing that the Government hold, on a-cointt of t his B .nk much more than the above amount, can be seen by any Depositor, andel Depositors are invited to examine with their Pass Books, the Bookof Extracted .4alance4 (on tt,e counter), cer- tifying the amounts due to them. JOHN RICHARD PICKMERE, Chairman. WILLIAM. LONii, Vice-Chairman. 20th April, 1895

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. Wt. JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCEb. PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable licuseholders, on their own security. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, withont public engukry, on your simple written prcroise to pay brick.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS tfoot of the Central Station„ WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from St -• 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SITMS OF £lO TO £l,OOO, 'To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO RE-PAY. Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs. Pubiicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c. at 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Lqan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full particulars from— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ.' Manchester Chambers, 46A, Market Street. MANCHESTER

- - - - MATRIMO N.Y .—Spinster, mi idle aged. attractive, affectionate and dome Molted, possessing considerable capital and property, wishes to meet with an honourirble Chtistian gentleman (bachelor or wi.iower), of refined and temperate habits, with view to marriage. secrecy expected. —Address Miss Stirros, 81, Wells-street Oxford-street, London. W.

CIGARS I CIGARS I CIGARS. THE BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. DAEVEL ]BAY TI TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a posi ion to offer them at the exceedingly low price of 18s. per 100 or samples can be had at 510 r is. THE SMOKERIES, • 58, lIORSEMARKET-ST., IND YE OLD FOX INN, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. J. BES WICK, Proprietor.

Publication. 44110 w TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stmnps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48. Lousdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

OOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL Head Master—Mr. S. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY SUCt:ESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HDNOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road t near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (Inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus. &c., on application to Head Master. NEXT TERNS BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15. THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. I TWELVE KING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tuition fees. Your valuable Exhibitions (£6O) to the Universities. Boarding fee from Zoe to £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2, £l6 per annum. Yullprospe&ua from the Rev. the HEAD MASTER. NEXT TERM BEGINS MAY 2xn.

EPPS'S GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST-SUPPER. COC 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK. "KEATING'S

91 HATING'S ]POWDER. 9, 6 12...n.EATING'S PO vi'D RE. "TT 99 ' RATING'S rOWDER. ' This Powaer, so celebrated, is known as being perfectly unrivalled in de,troying BUGS. PLUS, MOTHS, BRISTLES, and all Insects (while perlectly harmless to all animal life). All woolens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. go r void disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." It is sold only in tine, and very genuine tln has. my signature " Thomas Keating "on the label. See this to prevent being defrauded. 3d. 6d. I.s. I.IABGkR l. INS. L. LA,GER 3d. 6d. L. LARGER TINS. IARGRE INS.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MEROHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD °Plums : Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay TO. Address Matson-street, Runcornl. dGaret on,, Arpley, Warrington. Mo Jn.

CORPOR A T I ON OF IsIANCRESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early n the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswlok, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporhy, Cheshire.

W. P. & W. °KELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FUHN GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS. LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. AC. WIRE NETTING, FENCING WI RE. BASSI NE k T ES, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, . RUGS, LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS. TRAVELLING IRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARBET ST., WARRINGTON. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

_ AGOOD PLAN,—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex. plained In Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Fall of valuahle Information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co„ stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London, B.C.

I II REE TO Al EN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds , which do you no goW, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, Sco., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC ,ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A J. LETC4H. 92.9.3 Great 'Russell-street London. Ty C.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKK-STREET, RA RL NSTOWN. GRNNHAL STATIONNIt, NEWSAGNNT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered in Order. A good aesortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

LADIES' I LADmalErrSi:i Bor siEteSiTe LoriFießslefh'NooDhi Isend at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free. HANDY sealed, two stamps; Invalhable infor- mation cf never.faiiing remedies for all Irregularities a;..i Obstrnetions, obsti- ILLUSTRATED nate or long-ista;.ding. Particulars and Testimonials, sviimped envelope. The only effectual i.imedy that does not GUIDE. J contain poisonoLs or dangerous drugs; I cannot hurt the meet delicate. Advice, I stamped er.velqpe. MADAME A. E. LILLY, COLSTON;STREET, BRISTOL.

DR. J. CoLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNIL THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNH is admitted s.-y the Profession to be the most wonderful and vtl ;able remedy ever dis- covered. OiILORODYNE is the best remedy known for • Coughs, Consumi tion, Eronchitil, and Asthma. OHLORODYNE effectuall7,, (becks and arrests kJ those too often fatal dip ases. 'lphtheria,Fever,Croup, Ague. (IILORODYNI acts like a t!harm in Diarrhcea V and is the only specific in Ch. 'o,a and Dysentry. eiIILORODYNE effectually e s'.'a short all attacks ✓ of Epilepsy Hysteria Palpitation. and Spasms. PIILORODY NE is the only Alliative in Neural- , gia, Rheumatism, Gout canc-,r, Toothache. Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B, J. Bru:Ltos ant' Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extendve usa. of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and lair upon it as ar, excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems te allay pain cud Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other Sedatives ; that it leav, a no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Itus,fill communicated to •he College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her'•;.sjosty's Consul at Man- illa, to the effect that Cholera had I,,en raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet, let December, 1,864. CAUTION.—BEWAHN OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.-- Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J., Corms BuovntE was, undoubtedly. the inventor of "CHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See times, 13th July. 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid , 2s 9d.„ and 4s. 6d. None Is genuine without the words "DR. .1. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYN " on the tiovernment Stamp, Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURER/I.—J. T. DAVENPORT 33, Grea Russell-st.. Bloomsbury, London.

No Home should be Without the Household Favourites " STANLEY ' BARING POWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURbD BY J. MEADOWCROFr AND CO., STANLEY MILLS, EITEL

J • M. BEACON, 38, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MACK 8 HOP BITTERS AND OLD STYLE GINGER BEER. Family trade specially catered or.

TBUILDERt AND ( ND CONTRACTORS, RS, LONGFORD-STREET. WAtRINGTON. BOILER AND CIAIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING er CONTRACTORS' WORK IJITIMATED FOR.

GEDDES'S. DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and is. 6d. each. Wholesale by, J. GRIMM AND SON, WARRINGTON.

(MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds. Coughs, IBronchitis, Ac. MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. i The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIO AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

Toll, FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. Al! consultations free, "rEETH. Each patient for work recibutrand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 'rEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extralnintraates hitherto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentist. of 10,000 gallons weekly. Mxors, of the htte J. H. PARKINSON (thrsTisT BY Banc.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TzL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mn. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLRMARKET-ST

A LL GENTLEMEN looking tor good, sound advice on the a coming Flat Racing Season enclose stamped address to W. PARR, Childrey, Lambou n.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARD AWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. I Price list published twice daily durinr., the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all irnportsnt events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address.— DERBY. OAKS Ac., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED,FIRM IN THE WONLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS p•-r oz. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, f 2s. I SCALPETTES, f his. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRE ET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE oe MADE TO ORDER in the latest .style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goads of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. 'MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated efreetual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. I_IOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 45. per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents : W. EDWARDS AND !• ON, 157, Queen Victoria btreet, London. CROUP'

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS. ULCERS. 0 L tiAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT, (Cat:limos, England.) NEURALGIA, &c. BorriEs, 81d., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J. H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

TOOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, CHEAP, and by some .4 the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOCK. Joiners', Ship Carnenters',Engim ers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Pl.sterers', ShoemAk rs', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES I IROTHERB. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

R. ISHERWOOD, HOPSE AND COICOISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANE. WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Del t 3 collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, illrnployers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance C 0... owest Current Rates. Prompt, And Liberal Settlements.

EADE'S urourr & RHEUMATIC PILLS. I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADWS pILLS. 107, J ,it lee-terrace, Wolverhampt on. road, EADE'S pILLS. Walsall. Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir,—l write to thank you EADE'S pILLS, for the very greatamount of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Itheumat.e Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as bad it not ben for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW liii ILL IN BED. GOUT . I am extremely thankful, as I can still keed at my work. I shall use RHEUMATISM every endeavour to mak 3 your Pills moro widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.— I remain, yours laithfully, 110IMEUMATISM E. GUEST. JUL, "Mr. G. Rade." • EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC _L 'flp ILLS. Prepared only by George Eade, 72, Goswell-road, London. E.C.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. lid. and 25.. 9d. EADE'S Go ) urr & RHEUMATIC PILLS

_...-------,.er "In the organism of man as in that of th Ln, , Ril , thioigoroir anitha's, the materials for the nutrition of evell. Piiloo4„l'Li tire stru.lure are supplied by the Blood if themed 131°61. diseased the b dy is di,eased.° " Clarke's World-r"Thiseo4 Mixture 'is a gliaraitteed cure for ill Blood and S 'in red, P'er It is the most searAting blood cleaner ev r discovevo,%rW, te° It svill tree the system from all impurities froloaad ,': cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, _ Haerna. ; ' rvelltf Pimpes and Sores of all kinds. its 'effects are M‘',, gil• r:..... Thousands of Testimonials. Sold everywhere, l‘f `t-itutr„°' bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and Advt. ..- , ------- re -------- 43 -d of our olle RUPTURR CliltßD.—All who wish to get rl ~. iler t, 'and trusses should send to Mr S. J. bnafocA-%,..strer , Speciali't, 61, Chancery-lane' ' London md 26. , manettt.,st-r for his Book, post free 7 Ad t 1 rl.— t • 1 I THE V $ iuIINNvEORAF HEALTH::)LittIeFD EATC:u; h . " PLAGUE OF LI TII B 1.711:1flal , Which may be Cfl PHD now by the I: ..1 ia' 1-1:141. ttEttli et: tiA°;;N•1511; HALL'S -,-rw lUN G t)i EsToR I.; R F L.. 4 -1-L Registered AND ALL OR INF liliu:si, 00, f UNU AND -.--, • 1--4 fl, ESTOR Eli, COs FLAT'I' isplig ,-.1--t, . Never Fails. it POSSFISSBSTII-„ o LU to Soo nc. Fl".(0 i NG HEAL, stbieb ex p ESTOR ER other preparation. -1_1i) • IJUI4G • Pon COUGHS „DO, CV OS p,r9 1 I,',sToil En ~ /Li too N, ver Pala. It NHVEII r ' ~ OF. , INsTANT 111 i., , LIJNO sB c I ZESTOR EII THE FIRST ttlN ,- ' L--i . RES...FOR Elt Is A soOT- ,t 1.45. f UN 0 LUDE To 0 or 1N DUCE SLi 1 j UNG fii GOP's(' or -A- A 1) ESTOR ER .1 Ili Net sr Fails DMOCL:(lUnfilP)BAHlstltig;r:::ll3.44 LUNG 0 "IN° GA FOll. Wile-- cue P F,STOREII Pt' A u COA ; T UNG Jt tr N er s *1? EsToeßympait rIDS. I C) DO D• Ii A lAA'SVITO' •S• LUNT.; IZs ESTOP ER 40 3. AL IV Registered HST OTTNI:Aft.HoTvSuisLaI ITSlt:l' DISV,.L''' GIVES I NSTANT I RELIEF. ...- I ---- uft‘TTO • TINS NF Ely:Sß:v.:a:sel viliDiu,Ae Xi; , tEXTRACT FROM LETTHR OF WITN-' Mrs MA. Matith, Orphan Home for Clirls;fl plesWiNtr To Mr. Tilos. II s LL.---.' Duals S ie., —I '!..., ,pur ..., ps testify to the great berkelit derived fro 0 the usLT tindro;rvel- RESTORER, which I Jekve ..iven to icwer Wee 1 401 ,my Home—ln Iwo cases particularly its fleets _II 0 p e 1 lons, having cured most obstinate Cough!. 1 to recommend it to all my friends." I -- i CAUTION'.—When you ask, Ask fora Do o- “tine cticee potf (:;;(01 Iti VI i LUNG ILBSTORCHL, don't be perviaded t .0.00 i else. Up, .11 the outside wrap..er of everYd :40 sigu I. appears my Trade Mark (the figure a 11" F /ow. DottKj' Beware of fratiduleut imitations and innovatt erYWilldillienlin, ~,r, og ' Sold by C v 01 Chemists and Stores es' bib i Is. ltd. ',um! 2s. IL Should there be of ..;'yrir' , lobtaining, it will he sent carriage pail on r ,suo.4r, irr, t fur the amount, from THOS. HALL, 24 • 1/4' I street, London.

ILFRACOMBE.—Comfortable Furnished Sitting Rooms and Bedrooms TO LliT ; bathroom, good attendance.— Mrs. SNOW, Cairn View Monte. AKE District.—FAßM HOUSE,Furnished, part or whole, 1._.4 summer months ; splendid views Lake country, high.—M., EIGHGREEN, Troutheck. Windermere. NTORTH WALES.—Furnished and unfurnished HOUSES 1.11 TO LET for any period; aso for sale. State requir- ments.—OLDNllN, L ancit.dno.

‘.l MALL Furnished COT i (4 ro. ms) TO LET on Nor- tolk Coast, three months or longer, 10s. per week.— Apply HUMPHRIES, 9, Dev oushire Terrace, Manniugham, Bradford.

SQT. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.—To Sell or Let, 110USFS situate in and numbered 18 and 20, St. Alban's-road ; immediate possesaion.—App'y J. H. WALBII, solicitor, Orchard-road. bt Annes-ou-the-Sea.

IRELAND.—Paying guests. One hour rail from Greenore. Ten minutes tram Itostrevor. Lovely scenery, sea bathing, golf, boating. Home comforts. From 255. GILLWFORD, 4, Athelbye-terrace, Warrenpoint.

GOOD Pure Bred White LEGHORN EGGS; 28.6 d. free; fertility certificate. " fiszaar" references.—THOMAS PEERESS, CL.yhidn, Wellington, Som. 1 IGHT BRAMARS, SLACK MINORCAS, BROWN and 11 WHITE LEG/WRNS EGG:" 28. 6d. sitting. Mated to breed Winners.—SHAW BROS,. Hebden Bridge.

ItIZR Indian Game (Fr-y-n'a) eggs, 6s. 6d. Shinowam Cocks (Longtailed Japanese) 12s. 6d., eggs his. Fd. Certificate.—Miss BigNaoN, Rom noldston, Swansea.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters Noted, Lavrrs and Prize Strain. also splendid Orpingtons only 2s. 63. dozen. packed.--JosEPE EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., Barlestown. .7

SILYER GREY DORKING EGGS, from very large prize- bred Birds. ss. 6d. for 12. Also Dorking Brahma eggs 3s. 6d. per doe, Post Free.—Rev. J. H. BROWS, Bedst,one Rectory. Bucknell, R.S.O. •

EGGS, itgvs from black minorcas (noted strain) winners _ all Birmingham. Br stol, Bideford, Newnham, Newport, Wellington numerous others, 6s. dozen two dozen 10s., uniertiles replaced.—EwEN, Strangford, Clevedon, Somerset

EGGS.—Silver grey Dorkings, Cranston's strain entirely, and dark i.orkins. Cranston's Pilkington's, and Butler ..-mith's strain, ss. per dozen. Established over five years.- JOHN GILLETT, CORY:. House, Campden, Gloucester- shire. Q M. ROBINSON. 10 years breeder. winner of 50 prizes 0. and honours, has two breeding, pens of ROCKS, care- fully mated, ss. and 10s, a sitting; untertiles replaced.— ErmnsaTozr POULTRY YARDS, 49, and 51, Hagley-road. Birmingh.im. EGIIORN EGGS brown or white, from really magni- ticent birds, perfect points, In pink of health, on farm run, unrivalled t yers, Hurst'e Verrey's. Sinkins' cup Palace strains, 3s, per doz., 2 doz. ss.—Mrs. WAILER, Ash - ford Farm, Steep, Petersfield. Hants.

VGGS FOR SITTING. 36.1.; carriage p,icl, 4s. ; from 1-4 best and prize strains of loin - log varieties : Minor- cas. Leghorns, Andaldslans Plymouth Rocks. Orr ingtons, Unfertiles replaced if returned carriage paid.—CHARLES TURNER, Black Brook-lane, Fearnhead. Warrington.

EIGGS FOR SITTING •Z--Parties desiring good and reliable EGGS, before buying should inspect my Pens of the following varieties —Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Houdans, Light B. amahs, Langshans. Rose and Single Orpingtons. Ply mo ith Rocks. Buff Cochins, all at 3s. a sitting; Indian (lame Is. Also first crosses of the following breeds :—Houdan, Orpingtons, Golden Homburgs. Golden Wyandottes, Brown Leghorns crossed with Buff Cochins, Indian G one. Hon 'ans sit et 2s. per sitting.—At 11F3TRY DKAPER'S. Maiherlane, Lowton, near Newton-le- Willows. No business done on Sunday.

H. RDMONDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established A. 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Cnstomets wd I confer a favour by inspecting his Stocs before buying Eggs elsewhere. Plymouth Rinks, Black Minorcas. Largslians. Houclans, Dask Brahmin!, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-Ned), Brown Leg- horns, White Leghorn's, Golden Pencilled Ilamburgiss, Buff Corhins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per :Mind 13 eggs. Golden and Si!yer„ and 14 bite Wyandottes, Black Minocras, Single and Rose-Combed Grpingtons. Light Brahmas, 4s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cocbins and Indian Game 6s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carrage p dd. Cata- logues cos!. free. turd open on holidsys. Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

AiarOinerp, 0 MIN (Vertical) on SAL% Wit. by Ct.: insured at 50Ibs. ; all litt.l..gs.—BaxTEß's Elva Works, Parade, Birmingham.

- VNGINES (tw(,).- 20-h.p."Horizontal, 4-h.p. Vertical. cons L dition equal to,nw,brgana. -Apply CITY 51E.134 SW :CMS, 163, London-road. Liverpool. QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, ti Grier on, and Co. Limit,!), itulnue, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- 'I ERNS in the trade, and are tn a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of 1. ngineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pATNNT OFF IC MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha -I more tnan 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practical knowledge °I tho.cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-ha:p to the New Patent Law," price lid. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws. price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, CAI., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S A SBESTOS WARBHODIC. RELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PA'! ENT A-BESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBW+TOS BOILER COVEKING. BELL'S ASBES'IuS LUBItit,ANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA RINGS, SHEETINGs, JOINTING'S, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABMiToLINE, Cm only be obtained Genuine, Direct from the Sole Vendors in the N orthern Counties : N. R. PUT Z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE. Deansgate. Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, 'James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addressee, Asbestos." Manchester : and "Asbestos,' Liverpool. BEIVABIi Or WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALFAN.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOSIOTIVB ENGIN/3 BUILDERS, BRITOL. Have in Stook ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars on application.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER A PURE ASBESTOS GOODb. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &a. Gparanteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ()NLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, CarZiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. • HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

lilisrtUantouo..

GEORGIC JACKSON. PaWNBROKEK. JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- 9IRUMENTS of every Dezcription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. T UST forfeited Lady's Hands me Diamond and Ruby I ,reis RI N a Payments taken. government hall marked setting, cost when new £22, my price is 143. 6D. only VIOLIN just out, very sweet Payments taken. I' powerful tone, in good condi- tion, cheap for Bs. 6D.

T ADY'S Gold semi-hunting WATCH,in stout 14 carat cases vry richly engraved,tost new £5 ss. Payments taken. and has hardly be, used, fully jewelled and a correct timeketper, 22 58. our price watrantet

ENGLISH Patent Lever WATrif. in extra stout Enet 11 hall marked gliver ease , fully jewelb-d. Payments taken. eompenaation balance. timed and adjusted, warranted for 3 years. A 32 6D. splendid barg.in for s.

VERY Handsome China CENTRE Payments taken. V PIECE rl two figures under 14 6 glass shade. richly decorated, only 5. D. HANDSOME CLO K. in solid Payments taken. walnut case, suitable for a cornice, English Lever movement, 19s. 6D. cheap for Warranted.

ADY'S very pretty god keyless _LI WATCH, in splendid condi- Payments taken. tion, fully jewelled and warranted a perfect timekeeper, on,y out this 355. week, cheap for

QPECIAT, olid Wslnut OVER Payments taken 1,7 MAN I EL. best Br i ish plate with bevelled edges canopy top with bracket, etc , pi-I,e to !leer 278. u.

P ROPER Useful REMEDY for continuous abatement of FLEAS, instructions 4d , stamped direction.— FANCIER, 130, Moffat-road, Thornton Heath. Surrey.

117 OTICE —Great Clearance SALE of Musk Paraffin. Dry .1.1 Soaps. 13s. 6d per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from bminess ; rare chance; cwts. sent.—MONsuunT, Fleetwood.

TO PLUMBERS and HOUSE DECORATORS. To be sold 1 by tender. the goo twill, stock and plant of a genuine, old established business.—Apply H. HUDSON, Upton-on- Severn. OHSINE. new white Cream for polishing all kinds of 14 Metal. Vor free samtte anybody may ssnd stampei addre,sed snyelo, e to Lonstxx DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted.

MANITFACTUREI2S' lIRMNANTS in Stuffs, Cashmeres, Prints. Calicoes. Serge,. Flannelettes, Velvets, Shirt- ings, &c. ; bib. bundles. el eap. Price list free.—W. CLARK- SON. Merchant. Swaine-st., Biadlord.

THE ECLIPSE PARCEL One dozen Ladi-a' fine hem- ," stitched HANDKERCHIEFS. From manufacturer direct. Post free 29. 9d. Excellent value.—Mrs. TOWNSEND, Rydal Mount, Burcott Road, Meersbrook Park, Sheffield. 'TANNED NETTING for rreserving fruit trees, flower 1. beds. Btc., from /rost and blight. 35 square yards for Is. Sent any width on approval. C rriage paid on all orders over ss.—H. 3. GaSSotc, fi,h merchant, Rye, Sussex.

IpfIOTOGRAPHY made easy, Iltustrated catalogue (post 1 free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-band ; cheapest boose in the trade; goods bough: and exehanged.—PUOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. Oxford-street, nchest er (All Saints). '

LI.II.,VEIt WATCH (LADY'S) beautifully engraved, exact, kJ-. timekeeper. three years warrastv, with silver alnert and silver lined case complete br 15s 61. ; shop price 355.- • SHEPIIERD AND CO.. watch makers, Angel-lane, Stratford. Money returned if not approved.

F 01.11•11), a way to make One round go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentle,' en's and Boys' Clotr, Ing in Liverpool. Of nes Dress Suits on lire, 3s. to ss. per day.— ELWOOD. 164, London-road. Liverpool. TORN LOWE. Fire and Thief -prow SAFE MAKER, has GIN SALB fliner, Chntwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-band ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

Dunsm SUITS, 20s. excelleM ,‘ Few bpecial Misfits, from 30s. ; Coat,, 10s. and 12s. Snit, on hire, from 3s. per di',. Gentlemen's m;slits and Secono-hand Clothing of every description alvessys its dtock.—ELwoort 164, London-road, Liverpool.

!JBA, Collie. And Grocery BUSINKS3 for Disposal, in good Cheshire town ; been In present hands 23 years. Pro- Yisiong Could be added with advantage. Low rrnt. and plenty of accommodation. A good opportunity for two yonug men. -For particulars address b. M. EXAMINER OFFLC, Warring on.

gIENTS t TENT-, I I TriN IS I I I—Suitable tor Gardens, JL Cricket or c omping-out piirposes; 40 feet in ciicumfe - ence, pure linen, with pegs, poles. and line; compl te. These tents are whi e. all'i have only been used a little by lier Majesty's Govern m sit, and cast over £6 each. I will send one complete for 30s. Can he sent on approval.—HENßY J. Gassos, Government Gontrac'or, Rye, Sussex.

-- -- ROSES. &e.—Good strong ioung trees, named varieties. rom 4s. 6d. to Os. per dovm ; Carnations, choice varieties, hardy garden plants in great variety. strong privet for hedges, 66.100; forest I rees, Rho iude.,drons. e. ; 'ecere- live plants, &e., cut flowers Ste., at wholesale prices. Catalogue of GEORGE ANDREWS. Padgate Nurseztes,Warring- ton ; five minutes trom Cemetery.

TT OUSB3 FOR SALE BY PRIVATE TREATY.—Capital XL Freehold Investment. 4 FINE and well-built FRER- HOLD HOUSES with gardens and Ind for building pur- poses thereto. Price £BOO. 6 Iiti(ISKS centre of Warring- ion.price £7OO. Rents 4s. 6d per week. Rents guaranteed. respectable neqzhbourhood. Street paved. Several Lea.,ehold properties for Sale. either in lots or septrate, pnee from .£ll3 to £lso.—Apply THOMAS ( ow Dna. Aitat e Agent and Valuer, Warr ingtOn.

BELFORD'S "TURPINA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA. SWOLLEN LIMBS. or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my" Turpina," it will speedily and ra iically cure you. Instant relief alter first application. Splendid testi- monials. In bottles at Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.. and 4s. 6d. each or post free 3d. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps.—JAMES BEL- FORD. 149. CLEVELAND-ST.. LONDON, W.

K by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said .I.S. by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. Rundreds of testimonials from farmers arna others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2d.. is 641.25. 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. 1887. and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 18t8,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS,—Cheepest House in London., fur Engli,h and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all . the newest designs. Two mil Lon feet always in stock. Feneer,d and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every de.cripta,ll, .4.?ogrnphs, Ac. Further reduction in prices. WhiVes,tl- Cart er end Gilder. Every regnisite for the I ride pnri eNportstion. Spciulsttention to country anti ship; hg orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just publish,d (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6,1, stamps. MORELL, 17 and 18. areiit.rit. Andrew-at,, Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address '• London. Stock Lists sod prices et glass monthly.f fee. .

FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, " THE PANTHEON." GrAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. F URNITURF: BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL. GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE. AND SHOOLBRED

SPECIAL NOTICE.—WORSLEY'S BUY, SELL, or EX- CHANGE FURNITURE to any amount; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture, go to Worsley's. There is more genuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put togeth,r. If you wish to Exchange your Furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably de.ilt with.

WEEKLY CHAT.—Subject Second-hand Furniture.— The opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- wife to put her house in orner, therefore the matter of furni- shing must be well discucsi d. We cannot, therefore, do b-tter than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- ciding where and what to purchase. This visit cannot pos- sibly but prove remunerative, if only in experience. " The Pantheon ' being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close to the Central Station. having a frontage of nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled fom floor to ceiling (six storeys) with the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World This is not an exaggeration. but can be verified by ocular slemon,trat ion it you pay a visit to Manchester. finites of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall, Lamb, Ogden, &c., original cost born £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £5O to £7O. for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Worsiey's is the place as described.

rpo COUNTRY BUYERS.—The enormous patronage en- joyed by Worsley's from customers all over Lane ,shire. Yorkshire, Cheshire, The Fotte, les, all over the North, Ihe Midla ,ds, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Wot sley's. In future carriage will be paid on all orders over £2O to any part of England sod Wales. It is only fair to say that better value cotbd not be obtained than Worsley's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what uistance 3on live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per cent.

IAUTIoN —Beware of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- kj no matter how low the price is— it is dear at any price. Worsiey's have second-hand reliai le furniture by good makers, which will last for ages Th.lre is no disputing the fact that hijih-claes second-band fu niture is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the artic eis old- fashioned. This is easily remedied at Worsley's, they haring over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising iecond-hand fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand, side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevelled, and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering. gruii eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture is not troubled with these complaints. They given written warranty for 10 years with all furnishhing orders.

%EW FURNITURE --All Worsley's new furuit.me is their own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-har.d. Wordy 's have, there- fore, erected a Cabinet Woks in City-road, with an immense stock of ses,oned ,imber for the production of relisble furni- ture. Every item in the Bedding Department is new, gu man- teed pure, under minute inspection.

COMPLETE FURNISHING ORDERS.—Worsley's c—ater specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimatei free. anl believe in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratioof profit than single articles. GREAT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE ROUSES OF FU NITURE. HOUSE OF FURNITURE FOR £2O. A capital House of Furniture is now on view, late the property of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss ride M mchester, contains complete furniture for sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rooms, hall, stairs, landing, Ac. Full particulars post free.— WORSLETS.

HOUSES OF FURNITURE (SECOND HAND). £lO, £2O. £3O EU. £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture in stock have been eonsiderabiy relueed, complete lists of which will be sent Ou application post free All guaranteed for five years.

INIPORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised be'ow are priced at the lowest possible figure, for pr 4 mpt cash ; if required by deterred payments, 10 per mint must be added.

TuE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. -- COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. splendid House of Furniture, complete, the most substantial iot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant lea' her, the frames beanti- full) carved in has relief; has comtortab'e couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to n ateh extends to dine 40, with incised early English legs is patent casters; a handsome Per lan bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fend,r.fire brasses and dogs complete ; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Potting am lace curtains ; and las , wli.h Is thrown in, gratis and is In addi- tion to what any competitor could do. simply for an adve.•- •isement, & handsome Ameri, n walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style to ma eh the dining-roome suite. The Bedroom Suite is solid Cypru wood aust isa suite which can be highly recomn.ended. guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much a we ask for the who.e of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and er.a•, elled bedstead, with complete Sttlegs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, &e. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs h avy white tp table, fender, ashpan, and top bar, floorelo' h or kilo len, landing, and hall. I will pmk and deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferr d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you • pprove buy, if you don't there is no harm done. —W ORS L 'S. _

ADISASTROU-3 UNHAPPY MARRIAGB.—WORSLNY offer a grand opportun ty in a complete House of Furniture, just purchased in consequenc of a disastrous marriage resulting in separation. The whole of the furniture was made to order, and is in spiendot condition. Briefly descrihed it consists of a fine sett of Dining-room ' urniture, having a rnagn ticent tidelaciard, modern in style handsomely carved in has relisf ; a suite of couch, two easy chairs and six paddid hack single chairs upho.stered in mi roceo. a massive diningtable, telescopic extension, a substantial overmantel to match and a coal cabinet. the whole being in brown oak ;also solid brass fender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale urniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a settee, two elegant easy chairs and several occas- ional chairs a match overrnantel, three occ isional tables, coal eabinet bnd a massive solid brass fender dogs, and fire- brasses. The Best Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled late-glass centre door,dressing table, washstand, table de nuit, thrae chairs and towel alter, a massive brass and enamelled Persian bedst ad, w.th spring and new hair mattresses'; besides sundries. The --econd Bed- room consists just the same articles, but is furnished in American Walnut, The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Kitchen contains the- usual requisites. The whole forma a compact. substantial, handsome house of furniture, 4pace preventing anything like an adequate des- .et iptton. The price for the lot is £122 10s. A full list. con- , tattling every item, will be sent post free. The lot, will be s ored iree until required upon payment of 5 p r cent deposit. , Delivered free.—WoRSLEY'S, Claythorn. COMPLRTE HOUSH for £250. This Is a special bargain, but would take too much space to d scribe. It is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, and three ted rooms, servants' rooms, siting-room. kitchen-hall furnitu c. c irpets, 01l- Clo,hs. linoleum.; in fact, every requisite. Full particulars on a pplication .—W ORS LUX'S.

FFACIAS. A writ of Fier( Facia'las been the means of Woreley's securing the whole of the furniture of a liol.on gentleman, and is now on view at Woreley's at an enormo„a sacrifice. Prices are quoted separately for each room. If sold in One lot 10 per cent will be dedu ted, but any single article may be pur based. Every article guaranteed for 10 years; delivered carriage paid.—lnspection Invited. 'lh.• Dining Room is handsomely furnished In pollard oak, contains a massive suite, richly carved, upholster d in the most expensive English morocco leather, stuffed in hair; a magnificent Bit. 61n. s'deboarci, the most e utifully marked and figured wood in Itingtaiid ; a gr aid 12ft. doing table, heavy carved legs; a spleuxlid heavy overtnantel to match. ' also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and ['induced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly Lift); our price £137. A wonderful hirgain.

s , The Drawing is a chartning picture of good tasie, being en- tirely Chippendale. eoitains, briefly, an elegant 51t. cabinet, all carved and perforated in Egyptian pediments fitted with brilliant plate-glass panels.; -a recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 60. cational chairs, all various, designs, wpholstere in silk Genoa as desired, selectioa el tints stihmitted, the whole having been repaired for re-covering ; a very beautiful over- mantel end a set of three occasional tatles complete ; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth £257. The Breakfast Room is furnished in American walnut and wonid be acceptab'e in any dining room, has a 6lt, sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved in bits tenet ; a Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle bag the couch and easy chairs are large and comfortably lux nrio;is ; good heavy Dining Tattle, Over mantel, and Coal Cabinet, complete; the It for which theridiculously low price ot £32 10/. will secure a great bargain, The Bedrooms, four in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The best bedrtaim Suite is one of the handsomest in Manchester. made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in rsmarkably handsome satinwood ; cost £2SC. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the lot. The suite consists oi the wacd- j r be Sit., dressing table 51t., washstsnd 51t., pedestal cup- board, chairs and rail ; our price tor quick sale £65. Magni- ficent solid bra.. Persian Bedstead, sft wide with spring matti ess, thick hair mattress: Silk Plush and Cretonne Dra- per', ; the lot for £2O, worth £6O. The Second Bedroom contains an extraordinary Pollard Oak Bedroom tiuite, by flhepperton. full suite as the best room ; wardrobe 61t ,and Is honestly worth £76 ; our p.m £35. The brass Persian bedstead, similar to tne best loom and completely fitted, will be sold for £l2 10s. The Third Be :room contains a splendid Americsn Walnut Bedroom Suite for 20 guineas, exquisitely carved, full of beauty, end is a grand bargain. Brass bedstead complete as described above in the best room for £9 93. The Fourth Bedroom contains a Suite in Am'ericau Ash, a full, complete suite tor 10 guineas ; also a hr ss Persian bed- stead complete tor £6 103. The furniture as &scribed- above is on view, and will be packed and dells, red tree, stored until required, and a written warranty with everything for 10 yt ars,

E FURNITURE BARGAINS. O Ainerican Roll-top De.ks in great yariety,frons £6 103. Flat-top Office Desks, from 30s. ; Pedestal, Registered, and Cylinder Desks. trom £3 10s. All to be cleared diiring the March Sale ; wonderful baNains. Add 10 per cent, to everyt Mogi! on deferred s ayments.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, BsTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ), AUCTION ROOMS—No.I Bank Street Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock I nsurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlusurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUbE. OFFICES AND 1. SCOTLAND-ROAD CH AMBERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sate by Pgivate Treaty. CONSIGNMENIS INVITED.

?Libt-gPtork, szr.

ON SALB.—Twelve-year HORSE, 16 hands, suit Farmer, or exchanged for hay aud straw.—CoPa, builder, Tuns- tall,

Cheap Good bred PIGS, carriage paid,from healthy Bedford- shire Sties, from 14s. by It. D• GARRATT, Barton, Ampthill. Particulars sent.

DIGS! PIGS !—THOMAS 14 081.1,1, Corn Merchant, 9, St. 1 Leonard's-avenue, Bedford, has for Sae a quantity of Yorkshires, Berkshires and Cross-bred, 12 weeks o'd, 14s. each; 14 weeks, 16s each; 16 weeks. 18s ea, h ; 18 weeks 20s. eaeh. The best of qualitN , and good feeders. and all sent from farzns where bred. Carriage paid on four and upwards. Cash returned if not approved of.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Rook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, IL C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid, d fluted). It makes the hair grow where rub' at, off. Prices, oz. Is. : 29 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases M Horses, Dogs, &a. from Cospy's FLUID Woks!, 61, Torun:Ml-street, London.B C.

EXHIBMON GRASS SEEDS. Sow Now. Is. PER LB. Sow Now. ROBERT P. KIM & SONS, 11, BASNETT-STET. LIVERPOOL.

" ATTENTION r ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTAT ON. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, but as you can purchase a BUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is worth your while to ignore the many chap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Buy a RUDGE or WILL?. WORTH, and save the endlPss sums f r repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedstead tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon the r der of a crock. Guarantees from many agents and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the yele T. side being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guarantee of the LARG ST A GLOBS . CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD, By Buying BUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Good Discounts for Cash, or on our New Easy Payme at System. RUDGE-W IIT WORTH, LIMITED (11 taiga Cycle Co.. Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works- COVENTRY and BI Fiß INetliAM. Turning out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVEFPOOL HOUSE-10i, BOLD-STREET. --- CYCLISTS' STOCKINGS. Shirts, and Sweeters. Send for liat —lll/TTEENS, Rusholme-road, Manchester,

NTICKEL PLATING and ENAMELLING. High-class 11 work only. All work coppered betore plating, and returned within three dAys. Send for price Iist.—CYCLE WORKS, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Lancashire.

elYCLES.—Bekee purchasing call and inspect my stock, 1,./ cheapest ever offered prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255. ; Cashions, from 355.: and Pneumatics. Irons £4 108. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices , all hints of machines exchanged.—PARTINGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deans,_ate, DiFnchester. and 114. Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpool.

FHEE! FREE! Poet Free to any Adrlre:,a 1. SAFETIES I SAFETIES! SAFETIES! Important to Agents,Dealers and others. Wholesale List c .ntaining 10001 (One Thousand)Maclnnes, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. 5,. per cent, cheaper than ther makers or rig. nts. Why pay more or fatvy prices? Single machine , at wholesale price. Write at once tor the lit•g.st and most complete list in the cycle tr,de. Sterling vane and no ' large profits. W R. WARRIL OW, Cyc.e 14,orks, Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare. • CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! THE FINEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED, DUNLOP PNEUMATIC TYRES, £lO 10 0 SLADE'S OLD ESTABLISIIE6 DEPOT, 73. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. BICYCLES! BICYCLES!! J. W ADDINGTON, THE WELL-KNOWN WARRINGTON VID/317. SOLE AGENT FOR THE POI,LITT, BRADBURY, BOTH- WELL, NEW HUDSON, WELLINGTON, AND IMPERI L MA OM E. Unetralled for Material. Design, Workmanship, and Finish, at POPULAR PRICES Repairs. llating and enamelling. Waddingtoo andlt,bertmn's patent famous MUD G ITABDS. WADDINGTON CYCLING DR POT, 26 Sr. J ASSES-ST., NH UTSFORD-RD. dust over the Bridge), WARRING TON CYCLES! CYCLES !! CYCLES!!! 200 MACHINES BY NOTED MAKERS IN STOCK. Prices from £lolos upwards. BALEIGHS. TRENTS, TRIUMPHS, H. AND P.'s, NEW RAPIDS, RAGLANS, SPARKEROOKS, Ac. Repairs and Sundries. A FEW STOCK SOILED MACMINES AT VERY LOW PRICES TO CLEAR. THE JOHN GRIFFITHS' CYCLE CORPORATION, LTD., 41, CASTLE-STREET, LIVEI1POOL: Inspection invited. PRICE LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

OTiIIiTLING IN T' RECORD CYCLE CO.. of Birmingham. have now opened new show rooms at 9. OLD POST OFFICE PLACE off CHURCH-S. RENT, LIVENPOOL, where they are selling mks at lowest Bierninghsm prices : SAFETIES AS UNDER, £7 10. 1895 frame. Best thick tubing throughout„, Palmer or Detachable Tyres, Tangent Sp .kes. Best teel Hubs, Dust Proof Pedals, Inch Handle Bar (any shape), Cork Handles, Patent Plated Cranks, Hardened Steel Chains. Narrow ead. ROAD RACERS. built to order, any vielght £8 16s. to £lO IN. accc,ding to tyres. TANDEMS, latest frame. P-15, Lady's SAFETIES £8 10s. These are best grade machines, and guaranteed 12 months. Trade supplied. Railway fares 'aid to all cash purchasers. THE RECORD CYCLE CO , 9, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, • LIVERPOOL. fI 00 PER AND t3IMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER•STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The hest .vork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Laudaus.Viotorias, WaHonettes. and Pluetona. new for Sale or Dire

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, nrepared without Mercury. are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, AO. IL OcoTrs PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE Aave no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengtheuleg the y hole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heals of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th ir charge as ny paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe Illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proptietor, W. LAMBHRT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. B. post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY, DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, /tEID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MA.NUFACTURERb, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES, AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely uoed in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance ln PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, An. EXAMINFR OFFICE WARRINGTON.

NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. All letters to the Editor and contributions of news should be written on one side of the paper only. The name and address of correspondents must in all cases be given, not necessarily for publication but as a guarantee of good faith. *** We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed in letters to the Editor, which are understood to embody only the views of the writers.

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, MAY 11m, 1895.

Ashton-in-Makertield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwlck. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Orrnskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, orth Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and F)reign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walem.Preston,St.ileiens. Southport. and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earl,•stown, Golborne, Lowton t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport , and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mall. ... SUNDAY DF.SPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

INFLUENZA AND GENERAL WEAKNESS 12, FRESCO OFF CLO'vES-STREET, WES r GORTON, MANCHESTER, DECEMBER 7TH, 1894. DEAR Si,—l beg to testify to the value of Gwit.rm Evests' QUININE BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I • left my work—l commenced my illness by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was call d in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I suffered for over a week of the pains in my head, and the doctor's medicine did me no good, till at last the mistress of thi. house (I am in lodgings here) , fell ill with the same symptoms of illness till her husband advised us to try a bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. Id. bottle, and I may tell you the first &se gave us relief. After this we got a 2s. 9d. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I should have lost no work, and I (I,VP my recovery to the bene- ficial virtues of your medicine, and I beg to tender to you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable ' medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAG AR. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, Src., and are rdow in recovering their accustomed strength and spirits. GwILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or Mercury. 2. It is a happy combination of Quinine with other Medicines. 3. It is scientifically prepared. 4. It enjoys the confidence of eminent Medical Men. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by hundreds of testimonials from all parts of the world. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in 2s. 9d. and 44. 63. bottles. Samples ls.lld.size Cr See the name " Crwilym Evans" on stamp, label, and bottle. This is important, as there are numerous. imitations. PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS CO., LTD. LLANELLY, sOUra WALES.

IN ...•-..a....-1=110MM11ikinpMe0116=11011•1.!...........-- ill rnT „ lON '111„J$01-11 • ~ - HE whole medical profession the vvorm T over is engaged in an earnest sear for some remedy which will cure ludigest len, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statiet.cs, show that nearly half the deithe in civilize* countries are caused by di eases of 'he etoinacl.l and kidneys. Hitherto the nine .155 prescribei by the medical profession for limigtstim hay" been of little value, but. the C. .tr,. VOglee.rs Curative Compound does cure I iii'igfs=t ion. It l' a fen: the most wonderful medicine it. CL doses gives relief-a few bottles cure the avm" , chronic 'cases. A trial bottle will convince th° sufferer that we make none but true statenten tS• Price 1/134 and. 2,6, all chemists ;or sent free l a i 3 Parcels Post, o receipt of 14 or 'A nta-sips by the $9 OIL Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeler Cu., 45, Farring?.°ll R 0.... ac.l_2L i,d'oa."" .........4 WARRI.N GTON. DEATH IN THE STREET. idoctl On Saturday afternoon, Elizabeth Wild, a Nvh- fad, 61 years of age, and living in Old.road, leatn“-- , left her home in apparent good health, and proceeding (town Merseyuit., when ehe w r denly taken ill and began to vomit blend' ..- . Newey observed the woman and went to ber asorso .. mice. Seeing that she was very al he sent bit medicalream and also the police ainetiloricei a tee . the woman rapidly become worse and died nen in- ambulance before the arrival of Dr. GearY- as snu.ta quest will be Mild, the case having been refertutare , the registrar. Tee eauee of death was the fliiP' of a blood vessel. . P.S A. AT THIS Y.M.C.A. eeridal The usual meeting ot the above was on .-”- - el r Jobn , held under the presidency of Mr. Clegg. eet'ena of . , S. Green gave an aridress on "The King,"---y S Heaven.' The musical portion of the oetv,l3PaY3- . supplied by Messrs. R. H. Pearson and W. fleet:ors. ton who gave in fine style,Handel's Sonata. u'ai"e-ere • Hurst and Kent also assisted at the meeting. was a good attendance. WALTON LEA. taiel 110 The Warrington townspeople enjoy better when the time comes round than WI rh-es. visit to Mr. Crosfield's residence, Walton ,to There have been many such opportunities,owteee that gentleman's great kindness in throwinge-ar his grounds, and on Sunday and Monday the"-to smothered public were allowed for the fir,,t see the azaleas with which the conservatoll„vil Walton Lea is just now resplendent. Beef-tee thou-and persons, young and old, visite(' 0. grounds each day, and many were the sinoetsber preesions of admiration at the display. Alingt6r,t'' 1. about 20 caripties were to be seen, and in ao-les there is a ceptivating spread of orchids, calceolattbe and other flowers of brilliant hue. Mr. KiiPlOrn le head gardener, as usual, has lia-1 the plan" *ti' li his trained atrention, and their perfection 06-4 as must be a source of pleasure to himself a$ we' the sightseers. . P.PG.M. JOHN EAMON, PROV. CS. aOl The" Oldfello we' Magazine "for May has in 10-cel excellent portrait of the above welleknoWn:e-ert member of the Odd fellows' society, with 5 '-tbat ' description of his career From this vregatbf,As- re. in 1861 Mr.e.mson obtained a situation with "j•-• ia Robert Garnett and Sons, cabinet neakersh the Warrington, and after being there a few Yeatigher' , firm offered him the position of master P°""llis which position he accepted end still holds'ee 19 first connection with a friendly society begalle",teti years of age, when he was working in Mann'i,-e-dge where he kilned the Ducheas of Devonehire elt-eese of the National Independ.snt Order of Orldfn - for Salford District, ad when he left Manchesteet in Warrington he drew his clearance and lodged log. the Garibaldi Lodge,ie which ledge he still relish. Manchester He was tj idt iiii ntliAepAridl.mliBr7ao il Admiral Nel soe njeanslisgono°ooll: in office, and mounting the ladder step bY et%ted passed the chairs, after which he was aPP°lolds' secretary of the lodge, an office which h-•11°°//111,101 He has been lodge secretari of the Children's `'n/ pis Society, and is on.' of the representai: tives ..: fled lodge on the committee fhe iaB society. ;he lodge having osentthimlro"33trtisMelle: them at the district meetings, he was eeL,''erae. a- WO selected as district auditor, and in elected deputy grandmaster of the distriet,e,t-a of 1883, grandmaster. He now holds the nr,;(l,bfal Prov, C.S. Bro. Ralson, who is much reeP'e"..- BO been fevoured with a number of preEen,'-'6oth testimonials for his services, including (onth',„,eved birth dae ) a past officer's certificate framed in e"-t.iine, oak ; the members of the district at the eatn'taveet ptlesenting him with a six-guinea P.P.Geg's e'etsa with a suitable intecription. lie has also rePtesjy---- the district at the following A.M.O 'S nain!,-;i•eli. Nottingham, Reading, Srlifferd, Gloucester. Salisbury, Derby, Sieuthampton and Northanivvel and has been selected to attend the one to be at Swansea in Whit-week. .04 4S•iiitil SEWING MACHINES Hand 12 its. 6e. Treadle handeom. walnut Coser. -J. ~,o1 W. Durrott. 18 80 ' Sankey-et.. Warrington. -Advt. ST. M ARY'S FOOTBALL CLUB r 0 :d m aillll By the kind permission of Mr. Ca e- ['eft 100; a supper was provided at, the Bowling OrTars CU Bank Rime', on Monday night, for the xneal"et, pre"' the St. Mary's Rugby Plinths!! Club, whiel niqical)• pared by the hest and hostess (11r. and Mrs.event: the There were over 30 persons present. Al:es-char cloth had been cleared the meeting took t",e-oliain acter oh a social evening at which Mr. "A"acet Sanders was voted to the chair, and songs, lute° were engaized in. The following Coot° gr. to the Success of the evening :-Mr. Steer-4°ll'oo' J.Burrows,Mr. J. Warburton, Mr, Cearles BParrwiteeci Mr Jonathan Broeilliurst. Dancing was ineeee6ng in until eleven o'clock, and an enjoyableP.' was hrought to a close by a vote of tiinnks Boardmen and Mr. and Mrs. Dutton. ATTEMPTED LEAP THROUGH A WINDO,- 46' LaPinegener. It appears that On Monday night in Bri"-rapinY amen named William Piekton,who is in the e ~ yeas noteiaboat of Mrs. Kiernan, of the Pattern Arms driving a horse and cab d iwn Bridge-nrl to t" 10 30, he was seen to fall from his box in ed to road. 'ie. was at once picked up and ermveYolisl the Infirmary, where he was attended by thend at!u„ surgeon, who found he had injured hie itbed i' hands During the eieht he sprang from ill'Ade arts the Infirmary, tore off his bandages, and in- whie'. attempt to jump through one of the whedowss'aestc he broke. Being uninanmeeahje he wils 003 quently removed to the workhouse hospital, he is now progressing favourably . ACCIDENT AT THE CIROLTS. 0.9 A youth named Alfre I !einem, 18 years o! act tale' siding in Crossley-st., wis on Fr day 850; 0g ing part in a hurdle race open tn the lire° Ill'i and for the prize of a medal, w.rore fell , fell over a hurdle and some ether cemPetl" d 04 l' ' upon him. His left, leg was broken. '''t i bi`telanc.t rendered by a member of the St. John Ara aedr Association who happened to be among Oleo th' (meet, after which Lomax was ooti"rd biy. 0 Infirmary, where he is pregressing favour% 40.0a5, SEWING. MACHIsEs Hon ee 18 , 65, 16 05 1 handeom . W Inut cover -J and W. DUTTON, Sankey-t. Wirrington A drt : . f A IlistaicY Mare's Deatet IN DAN-Ap lkoper° The death is announced in A Catlildian P.: oeet Mr. William Peers, who was a native of Ilisiegteelt. Warrington, though he left there for svq, It Oxford County, Canada, 66 years ago. ''' ea tbst.; ever, visited this district three veers ar:Dbee purpose of seeing the Ship Canal. Be year's of age. ihe paper referred to sayscie of ik.ff. ceased was in his 89'h year and was an tin John Peers, townseip clerk. 1-1 H has beeono mew! resident of the county since 18;:iic-serlt% career since then in the capacity of a pa- burn '.„ has been both useful and active.. He 'AI tevent.l; Lancashire, England 1806 and at ttp4 age,ettied 1.4 three Come to Canada with his wif" an-,eer' Ica, hid let 19 East Oxford. rie was thrice rnauje eeeend first wife being a Miss Bowers, England' " reafflg 6, wife was a Mies Tripp On her demise erri ie a Miss Young of Oxford county, whn d'ee ate" t Deceased had two children, both of wht livingho t! lug. A daughter, Mrs. Midgley, bad hesnme of . the honsestead and was present t,: is 00/Ir4i death. A son,Alexander Peers, has lat, alluao, ItElti; resident of New Westininistpr, B.C. F'r w held eers a t?) after coming to this country Mr. P ' ,ers .0 }le ti rst. env years 1.% office of county const. ble. county council in 1863. where foriZtnnOxfact 00 served in his capacity of reeve for • to 1864. re. was twice warden of the county. fir 't '11•0 was re. remained in the council until 1813'79 he stras 04 tu electedre(i again in 1570.1 s ears," er reeve. ovT% then retired In 1863 he wee apOYoleinanrltegeerii tit:lticsiletivetealleg:eDr the peace which office he 4 wealth,date. Ditaicregaeslyetlinhraeral l estate, and . huaelitili?:lleivetilsvridelril C man. 1

sfil, „_. i z_4- ._.--w 44 ,„,...0,-- ..„3„.„ ::,;,;).:1-.c. : ,-- i ..,- ~... ) , / .e-,..., . ~,. . i.',.4 ,t....,,, „:- "-,,',4? LI ~...,,,:_if-..„-i-:, ' \ I I :-------4,ltii i alt , - -I 0 T: r''2--;''''''''' N A N'',''''•-1,7.;(/ ~,!'d As 4 '-'=l 1 lik 14..... ~„,,,s7 ,I_,„, "_,,-7-' 'y•/ . ' ‘::,7,,,15', Ary------ '' r.., _...1-U,..i / b'st.":';'''.. C V '-f'-' 0 Tr; i • , , ~....- , ~) .' . ;;•,...,. „,.. . -,"7,- -- -- ',..-/- ,- ~ : 4 a -- - - !R - ik :,-,_ U tRPOO ;

ESTABLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. tookdot:. TWu-AN Li-A-HALF per OENT. IN TERESI' DEPOsITS, repayable on demand. TWO pr CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RIC:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completbd R BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY . HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. [he BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post ire FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tke: NEV CATALOGE

FENoING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informs. tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, magsions, Villas /is. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING kND AND TREE GUARDS WIRE WORK. ,00 'TX /k4l T—TC)IC.7 a. BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints ,JONDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster

ow= GOLD =DAL lIEWNAIRISO,III KNIT TER 1 , ••• • • • • Kti Btooldngs ribbed. sr plain I io GLOVES and CLOTHING ira WOOL. SILK. or COTTON. IN STRUC. • TIO:s 8 FRES. fLtokooirpot. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at I'ARIS. The only WINNER in the WO iLL D of 7 GOLD MEDALS and 19 other Bomar.. II AP. ISON KNITTING MA:-HINE Co. Ltd. Work.; 48, Upper Brook St., MancheStar.

POLisHING—A PLEASURE I. WILL linT ctlErliEtr,Off' FINGER .t' MARK. (#7, FURNITURE, CREAM. , ,r) Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and coo mongers. Bole Proprietors, sTEpHENsoN Bus., BRADFORD

o WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, D senses, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of coarge. A splendid Medical Wort, should be read by every man who is nervous and deblitated. —Address Messrs. WILK lNSOlii and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKIMiON'S SPECIAL ELIXII.I is 4s. 68. the case Can be obtained direct.

-4:FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMICRON'S OBESITINii Plus are a , sato and pleasant cure ; sent free from observation on reoeipt of P.O. for 26. 6. A marvellous means of reducing excessive 4111.44, \ fat and improving the complexion. "--B. CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street London. ,A4cl These tin 9 CAPSULES are superior to Balsam ' NN Ti •of Colaiba, Cubobs or Injections and cure in , 48 hours the same diseases without incon- venience. 4/6 of all Che- Dsi mists. Or post free. WILCOX 6 Co., 739:OXFORD ST., LONDON, W • • •

DR. MACKAY'S MARVKLLOUS 'RMALE RHNIRDY Fo' ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULAIII- TIRS stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra -Unary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout th world. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with lull Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for be. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 4, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators. 44tis4sr,„ - „eel tlt4pig;i „ . 111-trio U work non. It i.

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused or long standing, no nau eons pills, powders: mixtures or any other useless strimacu medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain Particulars free to, charge ,y sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 'Southampton Buildings. Holborn. I onden

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAV MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external), Price 45. 6d, Single Bottles of Mixtur 2s. 9d. Only of HOPS, Operative Chemist, (late Methuen).332, Deanegate, Manchester. Advice free,

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CYEST, W ITII a prudent use, has save I many a ; and Yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS; and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be so down as th.e best.—Observer. COC K E 5 s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. '; For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGT-F.l.;Tir.).Nr, Bcc.

PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &c. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISAWRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen, IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/1I per dozen ; male special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pune flax, 4P. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d per yard. lluckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS. • FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, ngth, Durability, and Style. Please . if for Ladies' or Gents Wear. IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAIO. G. R. HUTTON 86 CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

_ . . . . . I • k 's BO T TLES 1/liz 2/9 k4t I . A N • JARS 11/- &z 22/-- ...: il. , , timinates pain.l ~s._\ 1 re/Nil 4 entvc:•..), --D • i 'P.7 '. . '.// . ti,,,,. ~., MBROC,ATION ).) • /.:'; * 171-• i I . - ..N ,A \ C-4------„,--z--.. ZireiLl.C.C. 0 ' \'' \ \kt ,Il • % 1 ii•.. ,',..,i'l ____ ___ _.. A\ - )I'll \ .N•vi!-- ~1 is::'' --- -- ‘")...-,1,';•) ' , • . ''' .... .... --- -,L,.....--.:-.7::-.7. ', .....,....-t:::::-:::::-. -, ....... -....-„,..........„, .. .......„..:...1 iA '.!:s,, I ' L., :•. :.....--t;, .... i.'....,. ................. ...... . .... . ..) V i \ . .• *7::::::::::::;;;-:"::' . ''.":;•••-""*" 7 , \\\\. - .41 r, , . iii. ••• ". tV/ ii .:, ..,-,...17,:j..-:ti Itlllltt 4.• 4 . • . ... I • . lt, .- . 0"`" tid / - 111110„.„......„ • l' ' 111111.111111u1111011, . •

t 9 T re mans SOOTHING POWDERS, POR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY 10/EARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH. SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

THE BEST SOAP FOR SPRING CLEANING soap rca ,rly 'xi\ he HARD tE 7. MIRCITst WAPDetiRIE.R. ivcits OIL 57W/or 14 AT % I off n ,CHIESS CLEANSEK vs 4.• 4"4.,,, IT 0 1 ILA!' Ntl OSIN. 4 047.57-SAL, T cis 'lO\Q Tharpg 'ui Abi

-THE' SOAP FOR H or WATER. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A looz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 1202. „ 2d. „ aids „

A BELPING HAND is extended to all sufferers from A\ Nervous Debility, the Errors : V of Youth, Lost Manhood, , Weakness, Dimm-ss of , Sight, Bladder, ;ravel, Kid- ney, Liver Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. , A Minister is in prwes ion of a GU A IZA NTEED RE M MD Y, THE CREAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION 9 wh.i.h ham cured many thousands of sufferers from these fatal disease ripd he will oiepri it Free iif Charge on ree.ipt of it stamp for po,ive. Write to the Iltiv. DAVI!) JONF., Ray Villa, :it. Ann's CR:scent, Lewes. Name till i Paw..

TO I .4ADIES THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICI:IR, was dip- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Per Bast, who has never known it to tall in removing the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho re, even alter all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extramdinpry preparation, which is almost ititantanc- oUs in its effect. ladies will avoid unr2h expense, illness. W.,rry.and cruel hitter oisarpointment by having this rem,ly at, once. Sent sem/re from observation for 6d.—Mrs. BA is INGTON. 4, Featherstone-building', London. W.C.

ADDLERT. :HARNESS &c. For Home, Colonial, and other Markets. —Cam H ARM EFS, complete set,S3 6s. 6d.; GIG HARNESS, full size, S 3 35.1 Cob size, La I 65., Pony size, £3 10S.; DONKEY HARNESS, Li WS. HEAVY CART HARNESS, £31135.6t1 ; Demi-hogskin R t DING SADDLES, complete, Liss. All seat on approraL Illustrated price Um post Grco on application to Josumus, Nadaglassa,

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion. Wind, or Sickness. DON'T TARE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affection Back Ache, Side Ache, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica :in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grateful. Comforting. Stimulating. AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYsTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COTJGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND • INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES BEST AND CHEAPEST Ch EST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WoNDERYTTL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for 90 by the Proprietors. LAWRENCE. AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS; RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES —Mr J. Bennett. Chemist, 32, Victorla-road. BARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake. Chemist. WARSINGTON—Mr J, R. Young, Chemist, ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. Z. Wallbridge, Chemist, 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICH— dr. A. E. Lewty, Chemist.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES. • MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NURSES. RITYPERSLEY HOUSE. PARR-ROAD.

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED STRONG FEMALE PILLS. uickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising born any cause whatever. Invaluable for married women. rot free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps. from THOMAS OTTRY, Chemist. 13ITRT0N-ON-TRENT Inaase mention thin Timmy MUCH BRITER THAN STEEL AND PHNNYROYAP

, -r% I.IuLECTRO -MASSAGE (THOMAS SXITEM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT BOOMS :----„ f., 22, LOID-8T REET, LIVERpOvm R. 11. THOMAS, SPEctemsv. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' Mari-ICD OF TREAT V 1 ENT. ELECTRO-NIASSAGE, 11$,ECCILD-HYD ROPATITY. $.15,,., ; Miss —, Liverpool, chronic lyspepsia, nervous exhauste'- eighteen treatments. -Cf ;RED. Mr. —, Liverpool bronchial-asthma, general debiliti ' eight treat ments.-C II li ED. „.,entlr ' Master —, Bootle, paralysis. nervons debility, Ac. ; '" treatments.-MUCH I MPRoVED. igh" ' Mr. —, Warrington. nervous exhaustion, varicocele; e • teen treatments.-CURED. , • Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, ner,.„1°,11.! , debility, and general exhaustion, ; eight treatinee"" . AtAtusr CURED. Weil' ~. , . , Mr. —, Bootie, varicocele, mental depression ; eigh treatments-CURED. If C. ; ," • Mr. —, Liverpool, varicoeele. nervous exhaustion, . twenty treatments-COMPLE ['ELY .rESTORED. „as , , Mr —. Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy 01 the optios. nerv2.'ith debility, slu4gish liver ; SIGHT RESTORED, general be° .. greatly improved-sixte•-n treatments. riY . Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility-4'4S . ~ well. 11. IC' • Full particulars on application. Free consultation. • Thomas, Specialist. 22, Lord-street. Liverpool. calif , ELECTRICITY, as a Therapentni Agent, when selentifi ~. appl.ed, acts as a , • STIMULANT, cIiDATIVE„ TONIC. . THE EFFECT + ARE- ETISS4 IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APP ,-1,/, • IMPROVEMENT IN DIG r.STION AND ASSIIIILATIy REG ti Lill lON OF BOWELS IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCtI f,ATION, RELIEF OF VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEP'RESsION .._ INCREASE-IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE END" s. IX Mr. —, Birkenhead, nervons debility of long stangrig' treatments-better in every way. , neuro'e . Mr. —, Prenton, nervous exhaustion, acute general prostration; twelve treatments, CURED. con Mr. —, Liverpool, nervous debility, singgish liver. e" pation, varicocAe ; twelve treatments, Cu RED- , stion , Mr. --, Seacombe, extreme nervousness, constlP general debil:ty ; fifteen treatments, CURED. Ail* ; Mr. --, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia arid liver eonge , twelve treatments greatly improved. ablve,!. Mr. --, Bold-stree't, Liverpool, complete nervous tre,ir Con, loss of vital power, Congested liver ; twelve menta, FULLY RES i 0 RED, co. astiee: Mr.--, St. Michael's, nervous debility, chronic L tres° - tion of years, standing, varicocelo ; two Courses 0. ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered incurab-e. References on application. CONSULTATIONS X..... „.. • One Resident Patient taken. i • ' R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. , ._...._..--- ~ ‘lO Orld , QMITH, SONS, AND COMPANY.-PIA - 1 •Tligh ' -,1 L./ ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD S„.RHAT MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE '-'- . tef' 0 ; MAKERS. per. KIRKMAN ERNST IC kPS. - ii"'T • COLLARD GORS & KALLMANN IDIOADWOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECEIS CHIN, AC. „,00S' ~..-' For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 ..,•ear's system. .r. _..id• from 10s. 6d, monthly, ORGA Ns frOrri 5.i. rnoothly, till rot V.4%1,4, 1" I for. Delivered tree in Warringt and Di trict on par'," ..., of first mouth's hire. Nat. Tel. •

• WEN GREAT SALE OF MANUFACTITEEK'S STOCK OF . , BASSIN Err ES AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN i "AIL CATS TI-FIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. sisol/* OWEN'S ENIFORIDE, 80, DEANOATE, MANCH— •

FOR FIRST-CLASS pßivlas; _DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but Inni PS arranged. TEETH. Each patient lfezultations free.' r EETH. , informed beforehand the Coat for work required TEETH. Gold and othrfiuiinS at moderate charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Eat action as hitherto by the aid' of Nitre Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Denti.= s of 10.000 gallons we•ekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARK TNSON (DENTIST BY EXILIC) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREST (NAT. TEL. No. 1e60). LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STREgt ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. -sr. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS,I3, SANO RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-sT• NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, IS. APPLugAaXVVSI.

MARRIAGES , Ivor -- FLEMING—BURNs—ApriI 2811)' at the Parish Cbotol",,,g t-1 rington. by the Rev. A. A. Markham, John Mary Burns. Burns. DEATHS. GRK ' .EN—April 27, at Charles-street Warrington. CP een, aged 63 years. _ , /WO BARKER—ApriI 28 at Winwlek-road, warr.ngton, , . tnn Ann Barker. agod 56 p ars. Collins, COLLINS—ApriI 29, at Bank-street, Warring . aged 70 years. MAHON—April 29, at Silver-street, Warrington. Marl e aa tr s S. soon., 1 Td is raTyogh.3l,o:TA .inisleao3s2rromB—ntoh, An Apit months. i agedrl . i :3, oy. aged 21 years. G,Offle „ gal' ' Toa 1 KAY—Apr[l3o. at Howard-street, Warrington, Wi"i _ pa' ENGLAND —At 3 Carlton Terrace Stockton lientb' SO."- chool Brow. Warrington. Deeply regretted. —.............---- Fanny. the Wife of James Nog

IVIEVIORIAL CARDS t ' t?„ Just reeeived a large Shook of LATSST PA 00,- M SMOILIAL CkIIDS CAB and inwect softlPlee* Ha° printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, vytodo: loot Handbills, Bill Heads, ,tc. Ne..vest tyPe Machinery, JOHN S. G 1?. THIS BOROUGH PRESS, BRIDGE-STREh'T, NY N GTON, ‘'arrington.—Printed an 13 ; Thear Azamaner Ge ra g " and Published also at T High-street, Fterfoosx ; 32, Ge•'01.,,.„.. Hewris and 33, Ms•-‘at-streal. IWthr°l° 11, 1825,
