===== 0002601_18951207_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIL ling

COUNTY OF CHESTER; CHESTER CASTLE PRISON. TO BUILDERS, STONEMASONS, fze. THE Standing Joint Committee of the County of Chester are prepared to receive TENDERS for the 1 Purchase of the STONE and other Materals forming ~ that:portion of the Prison at Chester Castle known as , the Female Prison. ' A plan showing the. Female Prison, together with the ; Conditions of Sale, and the access to the Prison for the ; removal of the materals, can be inspected at the Office ' of the County Surveyor (Stanhope Bull, Esq.), 40A, . Iridge-street4(West), Ceester, any week day (excepting ,/ Saturday) between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. ' Authority to inspect the Building and forms of Tender Can be obtained from the same Office between the hours named. Sealed Tenders, endorsed " Female Prison," /nun be delivered to the undersigned not later than PRIDAY, the 10th day of January, 1896; at 12 o'clock rmon. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the highest or any Tender. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk to the Standing Joint Committee. Cheater, 2nd Dec., 1895.

.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•••,,p

:elephone:

===== 0002601_18951207_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COW? LOZENGES.

-- KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

VATING'S COUGH LOZ&NGES. -------

_ • KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. , -_____

===== 0002601_18951207_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
OHM'S GRAND CIRCUS, WARRINGTON MONDAY, t/ECEMBER 2ND, 1895, Wonderous 7 Original LEOPOLDS, The Acknowleaged Acrobats, and Double Somersaultists of the World, MONii, KAVADOS. The great French Juggler. P.ICHMOND HULL, the Wonderful Bare-Back Bider, MISS BONFANTIE,FUNNY DICKBY. the Comic Clown. Brothers ALMBROS, Comical Walker. Young CLAUDE OHMY, on Four Horses. Note WEDNESDAY N EXT;DECEMBEE 4th, OMIT'S BENEFIT.

II•NoilllIniliimow

===== 0002601_18951207_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mldln,_

===== 0002601_18951207_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIN

===== 0002601_18951207_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping f).otirto.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
INTENDING EMIGRANTS tt) NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, slaould take tickets at the LOWILST RATES at

44-17 THE IIiXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND VI). AGENT DELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

•

COWLEY SCHOOLS, S. HELENS. New Buildings, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. HEADMASTER : E. J. SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizemsn. Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS : MISS FYFE, B.A. Examination, Newnhstn College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10Tzt, 1895: Fees £6 to £8 per annum. Since the year 1884 about Two thousand Certificates have been gained by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Examinations many' of these being In the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals Twenty-six Certificates. College of Prezeptors f Dcc. 1894. Fifty Certitiettes. SECRETARY T. BREW'S, Esq., Solicitor

===== 0002601_18951207_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
uratton.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MADAME LISTER, Teacher of the Mandolin, Guitar, and Banjo.-91, BRIDGE-STAM, Manchester.

GOVERNESS PUPIL WANrED.—Preparation for Matriculation, Locale, R.A.M., E.0.M.. Ac. Rind home, moderate premium—BETA, Elm Villa, Staplegrove, Taunton.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
mommosommimimi

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
, ,

.ft

ROWE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
1/ottil, 3L/pbrofs, Boarbin (tab.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON. TATILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, VT 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT

70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE.

HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOlt BtiSINESS OB PLEISUBI.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS WEEK'S LIST OF SKCOND-HAND

BARGAINS. £3 10s.. worth £l5. Solid Walnut CABINET, with large bevel pate-gl ss back, fitted with Cemboard, Shelves. &c. E 4 158. Very muistve solid Matio4any SIDICBOARD, originally cos, over E.:O. Dirge plate-g,ass back, Cupboards. Drawers, eel lar,tte, and all the modern conveniences; just been re-pohstied. £5 ss. ...rand Mahogany DRESSER, 6ft. long, very high carved hick, iit.ed with all Drawers and braes handle's. Werth E 25.

£4 15s. Very handsome Parlour SUITE, in real Leather. beautii u ly upholstered, consisting „if Couch, pair of large Easy Chairs and fur mall Chairs all with padded backs. A Barg in. Cost, when new, £25. £6 155., worth DSO. Sulu' DRAWING-ROO neatly upholstered in dark coloured Hopp ; just been re-upholstered and r'-polished. This lot includes Couch, Lady's and ent.'s HUT Chairs an 1 six small Chairs, all spring seats, £7 15s. Be uttful inlaid OElO'Ft/to DIE, with real Marble Top, all Cupboards, and thoroughly well finished, A bar- gain for double the money. £3 lbs. Pair of elegantly constructed TOILET TABLES, all fitted with Drawrrs, Swing-glass, Tile Back, and Towel Hail combined- Delivered tree.

GENUINE SECOND-HAND FURNITURE BY NOTED MAKERS.

£lO 10s. Solid Walnut DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, In very lostly velvet and plush border. The Suite comprises the full seven pieces, and SYS without doubt a marvel of cheap- ness at £3O; our price orly £lO 10s. £l2 12s. Solid Wamut BEDROOM SUITE, by Oden, consisting of large wardrobe, with bevelled silver plate in duos, plenty of room tor hangings, and large drawers below ; pair of very massive toilet tables, wit° swing glass to dress- ing table ; and washstand, marble slab and tile back ; three cane chairs, towel airer, and fedestal combined. this suite konestly worth £4O. - £6 15. : cost wh n new £2O. The handsomest pair of TOILET TABLES in Manchester; all solid Walnut. large swing bevelled crystal glass, surmounted by jewel drawers and .upboards. The WASHS 'AND, with marble slab, tile back ano bevelled mire r, all brass handled. £2 158. The mast complete SET of elltE BRASSES in England. insisting of handsome sold brass curb, all !sat and well a to, pair of massive dogs; the heavy bras tea. w:thb mita, 'y cast and chute handles and brass stop, .11 en suite, was wer made for less than £lO. £1 Is., wirt, £5 Handsome BRASS CURB, PAIR of Heavy ME DOGS, dEI of FIhE BRASSES, all to match. £lB 183. Very good Second-hand BEDROOM SUITE, in solid walnut ; the usual complement of pieces; very hand- somely carved and repolished like new. Usual price £37 105. £lO 10s., worth £3O. Very handsome Chippendale DRAWING .RtiOM SUITE, in expensive Genoa velvet,nicely ca,ved frames and weli finished. The Suite consists of settee, pair of two ea.y chair., and four occasional chairs. £25, cost £65. A Grand 0 argain in a Second-hand Solid Walnut DINING-ROOM .13:1 LE. by Maple, in real crocodile leather, all hair-stuffed. £2 15s. Mascive DINING-TABLE, to seat 12 persons, a solid wood, very teayy legs, and extends to 511. ; worth £5. £75, cost £260. The ro.est BaDnoom SUITE outside Louden. Space does not permit to give anything like a true description. Anvone wishing to have a suite that will be as a heirloom to the family Should see this suite. Nothing bet- ter can be mad. nor obtdued.

£l5, worth £5O. Complete House of SRCOND-HAND EURNITU E, consisting of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- rooms, every. hing complete. £5O cost £.5 . Ihe Entme CONTENTS of a SIX-ROOMED HOUSE to be disposed of, write for particulars.

BKDSTEADS.

BEDSTEADS.

Our Spring Show of Bedsteads is worth inspection. To those who in end furnishing there sr all the newest designs in Italian. Persian, and French Bedsteads at extraordinarily low prices. 3ft. French Bedsteads, 83. 11. d.. 125.. 155.,1.93. 6,1., 215., to 90s. each.

French Bedsteads, 95.11 d., 12s. 3,1.,155. 6d.,218. 235. 60.. to 995. 6,1 each. 4ft French Bedsteads, 10s. 93., 12s. 6d., 13s. 61., leo., to 1:56. each.

41t. 6in. French Be isteads, us., 12s. 91., 13s. 91., 16s. 6d., 18s. 6d., 221. 6., to 1503. each. All-Brass French Bedsteads, from 693. 6d., 855., 110 s.. 119 s. 6}„ to 22Js. each.

Pere ,e Bcl • to en,. a Er, with arms for draperies, from 398. 6d.. "---1- 455. 64„ 495. 64. 558. 598. 6d.. 635., to 170 s. 6d. Bach: All-Brass Fenian Bedsteads, from 458.,1053..119a. 64., 1305,, 1395. 6d , to 4035. each Childnsies Cots. from 118. 64., 12s. 64., 148. 64., 17s. 6d.. 19s 6d., 215.. 235.64., to 115 s. each. Hal-side Bedsteads, 18s. 64 ,255., 37s 64., to 70s. each. Spring Cots, from 228 61. to 105 s. each. Chair Bedsteads, 7,„ lid., 10s„ 9.1., 1.35. 94., to 3.85. 64. each.

Folding Bedsteads, from 7e. 9d. to 28s 6d. each. Combination Be isteads, from 3.55. 9d. to b 75, B.t. mob." Ready-made Cretonne Bed eiangiugs, from 20s- to 9 a set.

BEDDING. BEDDING.

• '

We hold the largest stock of Ready-made Bedding in the tmde: thus being able to fore ant any goods or tered trona us at a few minutes' notice. All materials used for stuffing we guarantee purified, and all of our OWR manufacture and of reliable quality. Wool Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows complete, Bs. 6d. to 635. Feather Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows complete, 20s. to 1755. Wool Mattresses, full size, 9s. 6d. to 635. each. Hair Mattresses, full size, 225. 6d. to 90s. each, Upholstered Spring Mattresses 225. 6d. to 97s 6d. Woven-wire Mattresses, full size, Bs. IN. to Zia. 6d. each. COL Mattresses. in wool, 61. 6d. to 12s. 6d. each. Cot -iattresses. in h.ir, 13s. 6d. 275. 6d. each. Feather Pillows, Is, 11d. to 10s. 6d. each. . Wool Pillows—, 9d. to 25.9 I. each.

BEDDING RE-MADE AND PURIFIED. ESTIMATES FREE.

PLEAsE NOTE OUR ONLY ADDRESS.

GOLDSTONE & SONS,

115, 117, and 119. OXFORD-STREET, Opposite All Saints' alum MANCHESTEIZ.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES

lich are a

important

tern in the NVE -ery househ most piqua by the

eek's menu of Lold, are made Int and tasty addition of

„!...0 Wi Nfr;:::- it- • 04 • z•E- - .4 evi , '.. ~.. -, • .011•-•,,,C.,....,....s. gl wh,,....4. ....,,, , ..._ _,,. , - .• ~ I , . ' _ .. _ P - \ . „(4.. r 1 -( "1,16 ,i ..,,,,7.ifi!,iiiiiii ,i.i ,!,,, —..,7 ..,, .7 • • ims . ~,,,,,,,,,,r'' h ' . i• l -':',":„..” .4'),. , 1 i . . I, „ L'l :4''-1 1- • 'i'f ' ' 1 k'„ l' Al'''tiirtt,:' rli - ',, • n;

===== 0002601_18951207_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
OVRIL,

ich is the guaranteed

product of 'RIME OX BEEF

and which

imparts the full flavour of Fresh Meat

to even the most tasteles dish.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MANY a man is expected to be the architect of his son in-law's fortune. THE Deadly Parallel—The railroad track. WHAT is done cannot be undone, especially if it is a bard-boiled egg. "I AM a self-made man." "Well, you need not Waste any money securing a patent." A THEORIST is a man with perfect confidence in bis imagination. WISDOM is the faculty of knowing what delusion one is happiest in believing. DEDBRORE (borrowing 'five) : "Words can never repay this kinduess, old man." Cumso : "No; I don't think they can." SCRIBBLER : "Have you read my new novel, 'A Story Without a Hero'? " Carper: " Yes. I think it's misnamed, however. Any man who reads it through proves himself a hero."

RAILWAY SEr-PERINTENDENT (to carriage inspec- tor) : "Any of the carriages out of order ?'. "Yes ; No. 412 is unfit for service." "Well, use it only for excursions after this." MASTER "How was this vase smashed Mary?" Mary: "If you please, sir, it tumbled down and broke itself." Master: " Ilumph ! The automatic brake again !"

PERFECTLY SERENE.—" Ever quarrel with your wife?" "No." "Have any trouble with your servants ?" "No." "Children worry you?" "No." "Great Cwsar, man.l how's that?"

" Aint married ; live by Myself." UNEXPECTED PROOF. —Principal : "I have to send you on a very important errand, one demand- ing the greatest secrecy. Say, Meier, can I rely upon you? Are you able to keep a secret ?" Clerk : "Oh 1 certainly. (Whispering in prin- cipal's eat) : I have been secretly engaged to your daughter for the last couple of years !" A BEGGAR'S PE.AYER. —M. Pan, who has a very small nose, one day gave a coin to a poor fellow who, in thanking him, said :—" God preserve yosr sight." Why my sight ? " said M. Pan. "Because, if you happened to lose it, you could not wear any spectacles."

AFTER, a row with his wife, who violently expressed a wish that he was dead, an Irishman said: "Oh, it's a widow you're wantin' to be, is it? Bedad ! I'll take good care you're no widow as long as I live."

ADDING INSULT TO INJURY.—OId Lady: "That parrot I bought of you uses dreadful language." Bird Dealer: " Ah' mum, you should be werry careful what you ses afore it ; it's astonishite how quick them birds pick up anythink

Mrs. "Nov', grocer, you have charged me for things I've uever had. What de you mean by such items as one handful of raisins. one pocketful of almonds, two mouthfuls of sugar —eh?" Grocer: "it means, Mrs. Growler' that ladies who will bring their children with them when they do their marketin' has got to pay for all they gets." THAT INEVITABLE SNEER.—" How very studious she is !" said one girl. " Yea," replied the other. "She has ambitions. She wants to leave footprints in the sands of time." "Dear me ! I should think

she wouldn't." "What do you mean?" "They would be number seven, at least." A SOFT ANSWER.—Customer: "That umbrella

you gold me is made of such miserable poor stuff that it won't last a month." Dealer: " Yah. V. always sells dot kind to intellectual men like you. You gets to thinking on great subjects, and pecomes so absentminded you lose it in dree weeks; and den you hat de satisfaction off knowing dat de man who vinds it will get vet." HAD TO Co.—Young lady: "I must have some money to go off on a journey." Father: "Eh ? Where?" "I don't know yet, but I must go some- where at once." "God lands! What's happened ? " "The dressmaker misunderstood, and instead of a walking costume, she has made a going-away gown." A WEALTHY man displaying his jewels one day to a rhilosopher, the latter said : "Thank you, sir, for being willing to share such magnificent jewels with me." "Share them with you, sir? What do you mean ? " "Why, you allow me to look at them; and what more can you do with them yourself?" MAGISTRATE (to prisoner) : "You were caught in the act of opening a bedroom window." Prisoner: "Yes, your worship; I believe in hygiene, and I was only going to open the window an inch or two for the benefit of the occupant's health. It's frightfully unhealthy to sleep witlT your bedroom window completely shut up, your worship ! " A Goon story is told of a Quaker volunteer who was in a Virginia skirmish. Coming to pretty close quarters with a Southerner, he remarked, "Friend, it is unfortunate, but thee stands just. where I'm going to shoot." He ,blazed away, and down came the Southerner.

OLD LADY (in tears, to Chemist: " Wi—will you poison my dear lit—little Fido? He's in such —such agony! Chemist (politely) : " With pleasure, madam." Old Lady (indignantly) : " With pleasure, you nasty, unfeeling man! Then you shan't do it! " SCHOOLMATE : "Why do you never touch your piano ? " Miss Thumper: "We're buying it by instalments." " What differonce does that snake?" "I'm afraid if pa should hear me play, he'd stop paying." FOGGS : "Is the nine-eighteen train here yet?" Porter; "Twenty minutes late?" Foggs : "Wonld you mind telling my wife to wait if the tram gets here before I get back?" Porter '• But how am Ito know her?" Foggs : "Ah ! to be sure; I hadn't thought of that. WeU, tell her not to wait." A max going home from his work at a late hour at night, noticing that the occupants of a house standing flush with the street had lefts window up, decided to warn them and prevent a burglary. Putting his head into the window, he called out: hullo ! Good peop"—That was all he said. A whole pail of water struck him in the face, and, as he staggered back, a woman shrieked out: "Didn't I tell you what you'd get if %you wasn't home by nine o'clock?" A YOUNG man returned home a few days ago from a trip to South Africa for his health, and in narrating his adventures to his father, he told him he had bought a silver mine for £l,OOO. "I knew they'd swindle you," exclaimed the old man. "So you were fool enough to buy a humbug mine ? " " Yes ; but I didn't lose anything. I formed a company and sold half the stock to a Londoner for £1,500." "Y—you did?" gasped the old man, as he turned white. "I'll bet the one who bought it." "I know you are, coolly observed the young man, as he crossed his and tried to Annear very much at home.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOMS WONSAN.

- I will send a valuable. Instructive, and highly interestinc hook which eve'y woman would be glad to h.tve Contains importtnt and confidential advice and tells both mior:erl and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so dlstressinq to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. Ar,n,nnrssr PnVessor B. LASALLE, Carb rton House Carburton Street, London. W.

CADBURY'S COCOA. IR a gentle stimulant; it does not irritate the rerves, but is seething, refreshing.nourishing,invigeratlng, andlstrengthen- fug te the bedy.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CUA'.I

The liquor interest has hithe- te: seated in the House of Commons, at i6ist side of the brewers, but the licensed victuallere imselve9 have had for the most part -.a be sar' • with ex- erting their influence prps.ll.7 z , le. Now, however, one of the repr...:;,uteC c %.::.ans of the trade, the Central Protection Socio 4; has, through its chief officials, appealvl to the-Mirt;..',erial whips to put a licensed victu flerin noMo ,ion for the next available seat tiF ecknow.'..,,:od Conserva- tive candidate. Th .litiort is a Jasonable one, looking specially to -cailystrei.._•4',-ed to the Con- servatives by the vibli Ast election, and to the possibility o further Lib. J attacks in Par- liament upon the trade. The linisterial Whips hare acknowledge !Ate foto, of the claim, and a 1 licensed victualle win theit ore, be officially put forward for the first T ,ndon vacancy. This implies that the publicans „ a body will be now ranked as Conservatives, at least so long as the liquor question remains unsettled.

Some Conservative journals are hounding Lord Salisbury on to give effect to the Protectionist ideas prevalent in a large section of the party. They have reason to be bitter, and to feel a profound sense of disappointment at the see-saw of more than one of the Tory chiefs. But to win an election by holding out as a bait one set of political doctrines, and to carry out these doctrines when the victory is won, are two different things; and Lord Salis- bury has made plain enough his consciousness that if he introduces Pro•ection for one industry, he will have all the harassed or suffering interests pur- suing him like wolves, and calling out for similar treatment, while a rebellious nation of consumers would be rising in fury against him and his Govern- ment in every village and cottage in the land. Pro- tection for one means protection for all. A turther reason why Lord Salisbury dare not tamper with Protection is that his Government would not !last an hour if he did. Neither the Duke of Devonshire nor Mr. Chamberlain, nor their Liberal supporters throughout the country, have gone so far over to Toryism as to have renounced the doctrines of free trade.

I .......,. Some of the American papns excered themselves over the Marlborough wedding. Four or fl ve pages was the usual allowance of space, including illus- trations. "She is a Duchess Now; was the favourite head-line. Another was less polite: "A , 750.000 Dollar Ceremony," it ran, with, for a second line, 'Society Played Tag with Itself in the Effort , to Set the Affair." The "New York Herald" had ,1 half a column of headings, including, "The Bishop ' szet Funny, and the Bridegroom Made a Rattling Americut Speech.' It is said that live hundred dollars Was offered for one of the special passes tor admission to the church.

The Duke's family solicitor, Mr. Harding Mil- ward, was a hard nut for the American reporter, who were especially anxious to find out the facts about the marriage settlements. Mr. Milward, naturally, would not accommodate them. So they went back to their respective offices, and penned numerous fiction. The Duke has refused to touch a shiiling of the bride's money, which is settled on her in the ordinary way. To the other question, " What do you think of the country?" Mr. Milward had an invarable answer: " E am lost in amaze- ment."

The new Commander-in-Chief has taken a some- what important step with recard to uniforms. Hitherto, in the opinion of many, British officers have not shown sufficient pride in their profession, inasmuch as the instant they are off duty they hasten to discard every outward and visible sign of soldiering, A first step in the right direction has been taken by Lord Wolsely, who has ordained that all officers on full pay attending his levees shall appear in uniform.

The hero of Mr. Stead's new Chfstmos number of the "Review of Reviews" is Mr. Chamberlain. And the fate which Mr. Stead metes out to that qtatesmen—who is hardly diAguised under the pun- ning title " Blastus," the King's Chamberlain "—is that of the Leader of the Liberal party and Prime Minister of a Liberal Administration. This is a re- velation, but no one would guess the fate that Mr. Stead reserves for Lord Rosebery. The ex-premier is visible on page 96 of the Annual, being crowned King of Israel by Lord Rothschild, Baron Hirsch, and Mr. Barney Barnato I Mr. Stead chronicles that "no event of recent times provoked anything approaching the enthusiastic interest with which this strange coronation was watched throughout Giristendorn." Strange to say he does no describe the feeling with which Mr. Labonchere regarded the fulfilment of this more than bierselian dream.

To put; an end to all the gossip about Prince Itenr3 of Battenburg, it is stated that he goes out to Ashanti purely as a volunteer, without rank, pay, re• allowances. He is, in fact, going, R. 9 the Army saying has it, "for a medal or a bullet." But he would appear to come under the War Office deci- sion, invented for tte special behoof ot correspon- dents, that. medals canrot he given te gentlemen who join an expedition "for their own purposes."

The September issue of the " Come Monthly" from the little settlement in dis,ant Paraguay gives a most. exhauative account within a brief Qpncl- of Colonia Cosme. The weather is reported as variable, health as better than usual, and diet as wholly vegetable. School has been open every 11 y, dancing goes on vigorously, and literature of a hioh character is being read. Seeds of every sort and kind are needed, and may he sent to Mr. W. G. ponce, of Castlereagh-at., Sydney, N.S.W. The olono, little organ says distinctly that nobody should dream of going to Colonia Come who d3es not +incept life-marriage, the colour-line. and total eiatinence from strong drink among &finite prin- ciples, and who does not hold Cnmrnunism "to be not merely expedient hut right," The strength of public opinion and the necessity for self-re=traint are the two most powerful social forces which dominate the colony's life.

I bear from Woolwich that although all the stores for the Ashantee expedition have been des- patched, abnormal activity continues there. Vigor- ous Pffortil are being made to get up our stores of ammunition, and the fine machinery in the Arsenal which does this work is turning out great quantities driiir. There is no disguising the fact that the out- look is regarded among military men as anything hut peaneful, and they point ta this activity at Woolwich as bearing them out in that opinion.

Extraordinary efforts are being made to prevent, distinguished names being mentioned in connection ! with the inquiry that is now being made into the Operations of a certain matrimonial agency. It en- pears a certain gentleman of the highest public standing was married some live years ego through the Medium of the ngency,and it is but natural that he should not he desirous to have his name men- tioned. The judge in the case, as well as the solici- tors for both parties, have, it is understood. been appealed to with a view to the suppression of the name in question. --- A proposal will he made at the coming Wesleyan Conference to inflict a heavy fine on ministers who leave the Metbodist, Church. The curious idea of preventing secession appears to have been suggested by the action of the Rev. F. Ballard.who has lately become a Congregationalist. end early next year enters upon the pastorate of Wycliffe Church.lTull. It is, however. exceedingly unlikely that the reso- lution threatened will he carried, though it , may possibly ttive rise to an animated discussion.

There i 4 no denying that Mr.Morlev's expression O f confidence in Lord Salishur:y's Turkiah nolicv have caused hoth'surprise and consternation. People are asking how it crimes to pass that, just when Liberals are nrving for n Cromwell who will avenge the PI ilgh tPred Christians of Armenia, and when even Con.ervatives are beginning to b. impatient under Lord Salisbury's helplessneas. Mr. Morley elould rival the language of Toryism in hailing our Foreign Secretary's impotence as proof that be is a heaven-born Minister.

The testimonial to Mr. Middleton, the chief Tory agent, set afoot with such a flourish four months ago.im not doing very well. One Cabinet Minister has damned it with the slender contribution of a five-pound note, and the number of wealthy mem- bers of the party who confined their expression of admiration within the limits of a modest guinea rune into hundreds. It is the same with the Tory , associations through the country. Twelve thousand pounds was subscribed for Mr. Schnadhorst, and, considering the wealth of the " gentlemen of Eng- lend." they ought surely t,-.1 have done better than £5,000, the present total.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
.• ~ . . . , _ ____ ____ __ ._ _ . .. , _ ._. ~ ..v.i.-4.0-iii':-.-•-':•,' ;1/4.-• - ' , • _

1-1. u iiDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1895.

The loom was used by the Egyptians, 8.C., 2,500. It is mentioned in the Bible.

If a single drop of the juice of the fruit of the man• chineel tree falls on the skin, it causes a sensation like the touch of a hot iron.

As an illustration of the vitality of the old Welsh lan- guage, it is shown that it is still spoken by eighty-five per cent, of the population in Wales. Galton declares that the patterns on the finger tips are not only unchangeable throughout life, but that the chance of the linger prints of two persons being alike is less than one in sixty-four billions.

A peculiar Puritan•like sentence was imposed on three offenders in Norristown, Pennsylvania, a few days ago. They were accused of assault and battery, and were re- leased on their promise to accompany their accuser to church on each of the twelve next succeeding Sundays.

Winter Skin Diseases.

Dr. William Thomas Corlett reports some diseases of the skin which appear in winter and disappear in sum- mer. Doubtless many persons have suffered from such affections. Such diseases are directly due to cold. They are characterised by variously-sized, round and horseshoe-shaped patches, which are sometimes markedly thickened, and having an abrupt, well-defined margin and of a dusky red colour. Later the patch takes on a faded rose coloured hue and becomes covered with a thin layer of adherent scales. Itching may or may not be present.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Liu)lES' LETTER.

AY DEAREST NELLIE,

In Paris velveteen is all the rage, and it will nob be long before it is here. Winter mohair is decidedly taking a large part in the new styles, especially for skirts. One reason is that it goes so very well with blouses of velvet or velveteen. I may add that here velveteen blouses and gowns are very fashionable, for fashion is no longer a one-sided affair. If the Parisiennes lead the way in dainty styles, they are constantly sending to England for severer cuts and their specialities in materials. Velveteen will be as fashionable in Paris as are already the English zloths, tweeds and sanitary underclothing, especially velveteens in sof t old-fashioned shades (once called xsthetic in London) like sage-green, old gold, heliotrope, puce, peacock, antique blue, putty-colour (beige) and certain tints of brown.

As for jackets, they are, as you know, much looser than they were. One in the very newest style was made in bright natural brown homespun,

with straight, loose fronts, and fitting back termi- nating in short full basques. The sharply cut collar was faced with brown velvet, and the big buttons are of pebble matching the cloth. It is some time since I said anything about even- ing dresses, so I will take the opportunity of giving you a little " jaw " upon them to-day. Here, then, is a 'very pretty dress for those to whom the very décolleté style of dress does not appeal. The material chosen for this charming gown was a thin, pink satin foulard of a pretty floral design; the skirt was quite plain, and must be lined, if possible, with silk or a cheap cotton-backed satin. White would be the most effective lining, and white silk or satin is often to be found at a much lower price than a colour, and as ten yards will amply suffice to line the skirt, and will leave cuttings from which, with care, both linings of bodice and sleeves may be fashioned, it will not be found an extrava- gant match. The bodice is of brocade also, and the straps of ribbon, falling to the feet, a style I can cordially recommend to any lady whose length of waist leaves something to be desired, are of tender lettuce green, the accordion-pleated shoulder capes of chiffon, which daintily veil the sleeves, being of the same colour. Plumes and wings are still the most prominent parts of our headgear, and the latter are somewhat snore fashionable than the former. I confess I' don't like the prevalent fashion at all, as ribbons and flowers are, I think, much prettier; and one feels that the feather-crowned hat somehow wants an "Ich diene " underneath instead of a pretty face ! However, one has to give in to fashion, however vulgar she may be sometimes, so here is one of the hats I have just been complaining of. It has a crown of that new material, felt and straw plaited together. This crown is of green

and the brim is of black velvet with bunches of violets in the front, and at the sides two natural. tinted feathers, while in the centre are two black plumes standing up. I must not forget to tell you of some of the beautiful dresses Felix has made for Mme. Emma Nevada for her American tour. Besides costumes for "Marguerite," one in pink cloth, with a corselet embroidered with ox-eyed daisies and steel spangles, the other in black embroidered with jet, there is a "Mignon" costume which is well worthy of a description. It is in red velvet, the knicker- bockers enclosed in the gaiters; a blouse of velvet of the same colour with long basques embroidered in steel, and the front of this blouse in grey satin spangled with silver. A most becoming costume to its piquante wearer. A very pretty dress is in almond veloutine. The bodice draped over a square of embroidered chenille and spangles. The novelty in the skirt is in a drapery on one side attached to the waist by a jewelled lizard. Madame Nevada will be heard in all her repertoire on the other side of the Atlantic, and I hear that the Americans are eagerly looking forward to her visit.

What jolly little affairs children's garments are, and this year they seem more charming than ever. Here is an effective little coat made of a turquoise blue diagonal cloth, with the collar edged with

lynx. The hat is of white silk, with the full crown striped with silk passementerie, rosettes of baby ribbon clustering round the back, while in the front is a double bow.

Your loving JENNis.

DON'T BB DRCEIVRD.—Don't think the hair can be pre- served without proper nourishment; all hair specialists positively assert that pure grease is absolutely necesSary for the preservation of the hair and HOWLAND'S DIA.WASAAH OIL is without doubt the best. It nourishes the hair, tUe- vents it falling off or turning grey eradiattes scurf, an arrests baldness. Also In a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 44.6 d., 'Ts., 105 6d. HOWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Preserves the hair. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Prevents baldness. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL.— Prevents scurf. HOWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Beautifies the hair, Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL, of 20. Hatton Garden and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

.1) , : ~.4. : ,c-••-•--,... '.l„. - _., , Nri I 0 ' 6 1 0 , . . It , , , , , , , 1 . ~ • ~:„/ h\ 4, \

4pes. = z 4.1 p. • •,4,4 4° • " % ( ,

!: , 't ( i :1/4.•./ i' , t i \ r : " ' lifitil 'I: , . I gi

===== 0002601_18951207_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
A Taste For Medicine.

There is no accounting for taste. The triteness of this observation is emphasised by a correspondent of the "Chemist and Druggist," who informs us that the Basu- to are 20 inordinately fond of medicine that they drink it as a relish. The officer in charge of the public dispen- sary at one of the chief posts in the Protectorate reports that he has been compelled to make a charge of Bd. for out-patients, in order to "weed oir, the cast.s that only attended out of pure love of physic-drinking." We pre- sume the Basutos found the hospital draughts an im- provement on their usual tipple of Cape brandy.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Shawls.

If we are to be credulous of statements in the penny papers, the Queen has now been able to get rid—at one gift—of about five hundred of her famous Indian shawls. It is announced that each of the wives of King %llama and the Bechuanaland chiefs has received as a present the Eastern mantle so dear to the fine ladies of 1840. Now, as no self-respecting African monarch would con- skier himself a domestic person without ewning at least one hundred and fifty wives, it will be seen at a glance what a large output of cashmeres there will be this week from the cupboards at Windsor. For my part, writes Ella Hepworth Dixon in the " Lady's Pictorial," I like to think of those hundreds of dusky ladies in Bechuana- land arraying themselves presently in priceless Indian shawls. Will they wear them as" La Dame aux Came- has" used to do, with one fringed point touching the ground.or as a plaidie, thrown over one shoulder,or as a covering for the head P Will they wear any other gar- ment with it.or merely the local airy costume of fringes and beads ? Will the exigencies of the appropriate corn- pell them to revive with the Indian shawl, the crinoline, the poke bonnet, and the dome-shaped parasol P Once upon a time it was an all-conquering garment, this shawl pinned across the bosom with a vast brooch, and ladies of the half-world and whole world vied with each other in the elegance with which they wore it over their tumultuusly-flounced petticoats. Together with dia- monds, fursonci old lace, it formed an integral part of the corbeille offered by the briiegroom to the bride at all genteel French marriages. These costly mantles— which now, often as not, du duty as piano covers in suburban parlours—are sent as an annual tribute from India to the Empress Queen.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Care of the Eyes.

The care needed to be given to our eyes is yearly be- coming more apparent. The first step in canine for the eyes is to use them but sparingly. The strain of steady and continuous work is generally injurious even to strong eyes. The woman who has to use her eyes steadily should give them frequent, even if brief, vaca- tions. If she has to write all day, or if she sews con- tinuously, she should give her eyes five-minute resting spells every two hours. Dropping the work. closing the eyes, and keeping them closed for even this brief tirm-, rests net only the eyes but the brain, and the work is easier and more inspiring afterwards. Those who are onliged to use the eyes all day at business should not use them more than is necessary in the evening. Fine sew- ing, reading, and writing should be quite eschewed. Very hot water is beneficial to the eyes it rightly applied. It counteracts any tendency to inflammation, and rests and relaxes the muscles about the eyes. It should be applied not merely against the lids but to the eyes themselves. Water may also be dashed against the eyes. Five minutes of the hot-water treatment at the close of a day's work, followed by five minutes' rest with eyes closed, does wonders towards refreshing tired eyes. A very frequent prescription for weak or slightly. inflamed eyes is " bi-borate of sodium and aqua pure," which, being intrepreted, is simply "borax and pure water." Use soft water and but little borax. Great care must be taken with eyelashes, for they not Only are necessary for the harmonious beauty of the face, but also for the protection of the eyes. They are much favoured by a mixture of petro-vaseline liquid, mixed with boricated water. A cloth wet with the so- lution is applied to the eyes.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
In Defence of the Lady Bicyclist.

" I have seen," says an eminent French physician, "women obliged to change all the armholes of their gowns,so great was the muscular development of the top of their shoulders. Another fact observable to day is that enlarged muscles can be retained until advanced age._

" Bicycling imparts to woman's walk more assurance. One feels in her presence confidence in her strength. " Her walk hitherto has often been uncertain, irregu- lar. She would hesitate to advance or pass in haste in a dangerous place, and would run the greatest risks be- cause the did not know how to measure the danger. Bicycling, he says, puts her on the alert. The neces- sity of not being knocked down teaches her very quickly to direct herself with assurance, and to perceive at a glance all the obstacles of the way. Begun at an early age, the continuous exercise of the bicycle will have a marked influence on the judgment and the character. The bicycle, he tells his readers, reduces flesh first, because the exercise in itself preserves combustion in proportion to the material consumed. Women who preserve sufficient activity are certainly less prone to premature corpulency, while those who are not corpul- ently inclined, but indulge in bad hygiene, find that the bicycle obliges them to take better care of themselves. They will be better able to support increased flesh when the proper period for it arrives. But one ought not to count too much on reducing flesh by the use of the bizycle he assures his readers. When thinness is desired through active exercise, a special regime is imperative. In short, this erudite Frenchman, who is evidently a veteran bicyclist, sees in the legitimate, reasonable exer- cise of the wheel the physical and moral regeneration of woman,and through her mankind.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TESTIMONIALS

Published on behalf of Hood's Sarsaparilla are as reliable and as worthy your confidence as if they came from your most trusted neighbour. They will stand the closest investigation. They are not purchased, nor are they from our employe, nor are they written up in our office. They are reliable statements from living people, and they prove be- yond a question the POSITIVE MERIT

of this great medicine. Try it. " For some time my little boy, three years old, had been troubled with eczema. Since taking flood' arsaparilla he has improved wonderfully. The complaint affected his eyes severely, but now they are entirely well. He has also gained a splendid appetite. I trust this will encourage others suffer- ing similarly to give Hood's Sarsaparilla a trial." Mns. ANNIE ELLIMAN, 14, Bunhill-road, Beckenham, S.E. A BLOOD CLEANSER.

"Messrs. C. T. Hood & Co., " 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C. : " I bought a bottle of Hood's Saraaparilla for my son. He had pimples on his neck and body, and lam pleased to inform you that one bottle has taken them all away. He seems all right now, and if at any time he or any of my family rtquires anything for cleansing the blood, I shall send for some•mora of Hood's Sarsaparilla at once. I can confidently recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla as a blood cleanser." PETER LOCKWOOD, Market-street, Paddock, Huddersfield. ITOOD'S FOR RHEUMATISM.

"I have much pleasure in recommending Hood's Sarsaparilla ass cure for rheumatic pains in the limbs. I have suffered from that complaint for the past eighteen months, but after taking a few bottles of Rood's Sarsaparilla have derived much benefit from it.' C. E. Taaaarr, 35, Tinwell-street, Easton-rcad, Bristol. Hoo Lys SARSAPARILLA

Is sold by chemists, or sent poet paid, price 23. 91. and 4s. 6d., by C. I. flood and Co., 34, Snow Bill, London, E.C. HOOD'S PILLS Cure all Liver Ills Billiousness, 15. lid. (No. 2).

===== 0002601_18951207_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY Ma. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTIL

CHAPTER XI.

a MYSTERY AND A STORM AT HURRICANE HALL, "Bid her address her silent prayers to Heaven! Learn if she there may be forgiven; It's mercy may absolve her yet! But here upon this earth beneath, There is no spot where she and I Together for an hour could breathe 1" —Butorr. 'Early the next morning Capitola arose, made her toilet, and went out to explore the outer walls her part of the old house, to discover, if pos- sible, some external entrance into the unknown ..e.vity under her room. It was a bright, cheerful, healthy, autumnal morning, well adapted to dispel sill clouds of mystery and superstition. Heaps of crimson and golden-hued leaves, glimmering with hoar frost, lay drifted against the old walls, and :svhen these were brushed away by the busy feet and hands of the young girl, they revealed nothing but the old mouldering foundations; not a vestige of,a cellar-door or window was visible. r Capitols abandoned the fruitless search, and turned to go into the house. And saying to her- self:

m "I'll think no more of it ! I dare say, after all, it 'is nothing but a very dark cellar without window and with a well, and the story of the murders and of the skeletons is all moonshine I" She ran into the dining-room, and took her seat at the breakfast table.

v- Old Hurricane was just then storming away at his factotum Wool for some misdemeanour, the mature of whicli Capitola did not hear, for upon her appearance, he suffered his wrath to subside in a few reverberating low thunders, gave his ward a grumpy "Good-morning," and sat down to his breakfast. After breakfast Old Hurricane took his great coat and cocked hat, and stormed forth upon the plantation to blow up his lazy overseer, Mr. Will V_,zy, and his idle negroes, who had frolicked away all the days of their master's absence. r. Mrs. Condiment went away to mix a plum pud- ding for dinner, and Cap was left alone. k. lifter wandering through the lower rooms of the house, the stately old-fashioned drawing-room, the family parlour, the dining-room' &c., Cap found her way through all the narrow back passages and steep little stair-cases back to her own chamber. 40 The chamber looked quite different by daylight —the cheerful wood fire burning in the chimney right before her, opposite the door by which she entered; the crimson curtained bedstead on her right hand; the crimson draped windows, with the rich old mahogany bureau and dressing-glass standing between them, on her left; the polished, dark oak floor; the rich Turkey rug, concealing the trap-door; the comfortable rocking-chair; the new workstand, placed there for her use that morning, and her own well-filled trunks standing in the corners, looked altogether too cheerful to associate with dark thoughts. Besides, Capitola had not the least particle of gloom, superstition, or marvellousness in her dis- position. She loved old houses and old legends well enough to enjoy them, but was not sufficiently credulous to believe, or cowardly to fear, them. She had, besides, a pleasant morning's occupation before her, in unpacking her three trunks and arranging her wardrobe and her possessions, which were all upon the most liberal scale, for Major Warfield at every city where they had stopped had given his poor little protege' a virtual carte blanche for purchases, having said to her: "Capitola, I'm an old bachelor; I've not the least idea what a young girl requires; all I know is, that you have nothing but your clothes, and must want sewing and knitting needles, and brushes and scissors, and combs and boxes and smelling-bottles and tooth-powder; and such. So come along with me to one of those Vanity Fairs they call fancy stores, and get what you want; foot the bill."

And Capitola, who firmly believed that she had the most sacred of claims upon Major Warfield, whose resources she also supposed to be unlimited, did not fail to indulge her taste for rich and costly toys, and supplied herself with a large ivory dres- sing-case, lined with velvet, and furnished with ivory-handled combs and brushes, silver boxes and crystal bottles; a papier mache workbox, with gold thimble, needle-case and perforator and gold. mounted scissors and winders; and an ebony writing-desk, with silver-mounted crystal stall. dishes; each of these—boxes and desk—were filled 'with all things requisite in the several departments. And now as Capitola unpacked them and arranged them upon the top of the bureau, it was with no small degree of appreciation. The rest of the fore. noon was spent in arranging the best articles of her wardrobe in her bureau drawers.

Having locked the remainder in her trunks, and carefully smoothed her hair, and dressed herself in a brown merino, she went downstairs and sought out Mrs. Condiment, whom she found in the house- keeper's little room, and to whom she said: "Now, Mrs. Condiment, if uncle has any needle- work wanted to be done, any buttons to be sewed on, or anything of the kind, just let me have it; I'm just dying to use it!" "My dear Miss Black—" "Please to call me Capitola., or even Cap. I never was called Miss Black in my life, until I came here, and I don't like it at all." _ _ _ _ _

"Well then, my dear Misa Cap, I wish you would wait till to-morrow, for I just came in here in a great hurry to get a glass of brandy out of the cupboard to put in the sauce for theplum-pudding, as dinner will be on the table in ten minutes."

With a shrug of her little shoulders, Capitola left the housekeeper's room, and hurried through the central front hall and out at the front door, to look about and breathe the fresh air for a while.

As she stepped upon the front piazza she saw Major Warfield walkin z up the steep lawn, fol- lowed by Wool, leading a pretty, mottled, iron- grey pony, with a side-saddle on his back. " Ah, I'm glad you're down, Cap! Come! look at this pretty posy! he is good for nothing as a working horse, and i too light to carry my weight, and so I intend to give him to you ! You must learn to ride," said the old man, coming up the steps. "Give him to me! I learn te ride I Oh, uncle? Oh, uncle! I shall go perfectly crazy with joy ?" exclaimed Cap, dancing and clapping her hands with delight. "Oh, well, a tumble or two in learning will bring you back to your senses, I reckon I" "Oh, uncle! oh, uncle ! when shall I begin !" "You shall take your first tumble immediately after dinner, when, being well-filled, you will not be so brittle and apt to break in falling ?" "Oh, uncle ! I shall not fall! I feel I sha'n't I I feel I've a natural gift for holding on I" "Come, come, get in! get in! I want my dinner !" said Old Hurricane, driving his ward in before him to the dining, room, where the dinner was smoking upon the table. After dinner Cap, with Wool for a riding-master, took her first lesson in equestrianism. She had the four great requisites for forming a good rider—a well-adapted figure, a fondness for the exercise, perfect fearlessness, and presence of mind. She was not once in danger of losing her seat, and during that afternoon's exercises, she make considerable progress in learning to manage her steed.

Old Hurricane, whom the genial autumn after- noon had tempted out to smoke his pipe in his arm-chair on the porch, was a pleased spectator of her performances, and expressed his opinion that in time se would become the best rider in the neighbourhood, and that she should have the best 'riding dress and cap that could be made at Tip- Top. Just now, in lack of an equestrian dress, poor Cap was parading around and around the lawn with her head bare and her hair flying, and her merino skirt exhibiting more ankles than grace. It was while Old Hurricane still sat smoking his pipe and making his comments and Capitol& still ambled around and around the lawn, that a horse- man suddenly appeared galloping as fast as the steep nature of the ground would admit, up towards the house, and before they could form an idea of who he was, the horse was at the block, and the rider dismounted and standing before Major Wartield. "Why, Herbert, my boy! back so soon ! We didn't expect you for a week to come. This is sudden, indeed. So much the better, so much the better. Glad to see you, lad !" exclaimed Old Hurricane, getting up and heartily shaking the ' hand of his nephew. Capitola came ambling up, and in the effort to spring nimbly from her saddle, tumbled off, much to the delight of Wool, who grinned from ear to ear, and of Old Hurricane, who, with an "1 said so," burst into a roar of laughter. Herbert Greyson sprang to assist her ; but before I he reached the spot, Cap had picked herself up, I straightened her disordered dress, and now she milt° meet and shake hands with him.

There was such a sparkle of joy and glow of affection in the meeting between these two that Old Hurricane, who saw it, suddenly hushed his laugh, and grunted to himself: Humph, humph, humph! I like that; that's better than I could have planned it myself; let that go on, and then Gabe Le Noir, we'll see under what name and head the old divided manor will be held !"

Before his mental soliloquy was concluded, Herbert and Capitola came up to him. He wel- comed Herbert again with great cordiality, and then called to his man to put up the horses, and bade the young people follow him Into the houses, as the air was getting chilly. "And how did you find your good friends, lad ?" inquired Old Hurricane, when they had reached the sitting parlour. "Oh, very well, sir; and very grateful for your offered kindness; and indeed, so anxious to express their gratitude that—that I shortened my visit, and came away immediately to tell you." "Right, lad, right I You came by the down coach 7" "Yes, sir; and got off at Tip-Top, where I hired a horse to bring me here. I must ask you to let one of your men take him back to Mr. Merry, at the Antlers' Inn, to-morrow." " Strely, surely, lad! Wool shall do it 1" "And so, Herbert, the poor woman was de- lighted with the prospect of better times ?" said Old Hurricane, with a little glow of benevolent self-satisfaction.

"Oh, yes, sir! delighted beyond all measure 1" "Poor thing! poor thing! See, young folks, Low easy it is for the wealthy, by sparing a little of their superfluous means, to make the poor and virtuous happy. And the boy, Herbert, the boy ?" "Oh, sir, delighted for himself, but still more delighted for his mother; for her joy was such as to astonish and even alarm me 1 Before that, I had thought Marah Rocke a proud woman, but—" " WHAT—say that again I" exclaimed Major Warfield.

"I say that I thought she was a proud woman, but--"

"Thought WHO was a proud woman, air ?"roared Old Hurricane.

" Marah Rocke !" replied the young man, with wonder.

Major Warfield started up, seized the chair upon which he had sat, and struck it upon the ground with such force as to shatter it to pieces; then turning, he strode up and down the floor with such violence that the two young people gazed after him in consternation and fearful expectancy. Presently he turned suddenly, strode up to Herbert Greyson, and stood before him.

His face was purple, his veins were swollen until they stood out upon his forehead like cords, his eyes were protruded and glaring, his mouth clenched until the grizzly grey moustache and beard were drawn in, his whole huge frame was quivering from head to foot! It was impossible to tell what passion—whether rage, grief, or shame, the most possessed him, for all three seemed tear- ing his giant frame to pieces. For an instant he stood speechless, and Herbert feared he would fall into a fit; but the old giant was too strong for that! For one short moment he stood thus, and in a terrible voice he asked : "Young man! did you—did you know—the SHAME that you dashed in my face with the name of that woman ?"

"Sir, I know nothing but that she is the best and dearest of her sex !" exclaimed Herbert, beyond all measure amazed at what he heard and saw. "Best and dearest!" thundered the old man— "oh, idiot! is she still a siren, and are you a dupe? But that cannot be! No, sir lit is I whom you both would dupe! Ah, I see it all now I This is why you artfully concealed her name from me until you had won my promise! It shall not serve either you or her, sir! I break my promise—thus I" —bending and snapping his own cane, and flinging the fragments behind his back—" there, sir ! when you can make those ends of dry cedar grow to- gether again, and bear green leaves, you may hope to reconcile Ira Warfield and Marsh Rocke I I break my promise, sir, as she broke " The old man suddenly sunk back into the nearest chair, dropped his chaggy head and face into him hands, and remained trembling from head to toot, while the convulsive heaving of his chest, and the rising and falling of his huge shoulders, betrayed that his heart was nearly bursting with such sup pressed sobs as only can be forced from manhood by the fiercest anguish. The young people looked on in wonder, awe, and pity; and then their eyes met—those Of Herbert silently inquired : "What can all this mean ?"—Those of Capitols as mutely answered: "Heaven only knows." In his deep pity for the old man's terrible anguish, Herbert could feel no shame nor resentment for the false accusation made upon himself. Indeed, his noble and candid nature easily explained all as the ravings of some heart-rending remembrance. Waiting, therefore, until the violent convulsions of the old man's frame had somewhat subsided, Herbert went to him, and with a low and respectful intonation of voice, said: "Uncle, if you think that there was any collu- sion between myself and Mrs. Rocke, you wrong us both. You will remember that -when I met you in New York, I had not seen or heard from her for years, nor had I then any expectation of ever seeing you. The subject of the poor widow came up between us accidentally, and if it is true that I omitted to call her by name, it must have been because we both then felt too tenderly by her to call her anything else but the poor widow, the poor mother, the good woman,' and so on—and all this she is still." The old man without raising his head, held out one hand to his nephew, saying in a voice trembling with emotion "Herbert, I wronged you; forgive me." Herbert took and pressed that rugged and hairy old hand to his lips, and said: "Uncle, I do not in the least know what is the cause of your present emotion, but—" " Emotion ! demmy, sir! what do you mean by emotion! Am / a man to give way to emotion Demmy, sir, mind what you say !" roared the old lion, getting up and shaking himself free of all weaknesses. "I merely meant to say, air, that if I could pos- sibly be of any service to you, I am entirely at your orders." "Then go back to that woman and tell her never to dare to utter, or even to think my name again, If she values her life !"

himself. Indeed,

- "Sir, you do not mean it! and as for Mrs. Rocke, she is a good woman I feel it my duty to uphold 1" " Good ! ugh! ugh! ugh! I'll command myself! I'll not give way again. Good! ah,.lad, it is quite plain to me now, that you are an Innocent dupe. Tell me now, for instance, do you know anything of that woman's life before she came to reside at Staunton ?"

"Nothing; but from what I've seen of her since, I'm sure she always was good." "Did she never mention her former life at a 112" " Never ; but, mind! I hold to my faith in her and would stake my salvation on her integrity," said Herbert, warmly. "Then you'd lose it, lad, that's all; but I have an explanation to make to you, Herbert. You must give me a minute or two of your company alone, in the library, before tea." And so saying, Major Warfield arose and led the way across the hall to the library, that was imme- diately back of the drawing-room.

Throwing himself into a leathern chair beside the writing table, he motioned for his companion to take the one on the opposite side. A low fire smouldering on the hearth before them, so dimly lighted the room, that the young man arose again to pull the bell rope; but the other interrupted with: "No, you need not ring for lights, Herbert; my story is one that should be told in the dark! listen, lad • but drop your eyes the while! am all attention, sir !" "Herbert I the poet says that: 'At thirty man suspects himself a fool, Knows it at forty, and reforms his rule.' But, boy, at the ripe age of forty-five I succeeded in achieving the most sublime folly of my life! I should have taken a degree in madness, and been raised to a professor's chair in some College of Lunacy ! Herbert, at the age of forty-five I fell in love and married a girl of sixteen, out of a log cabin! merely, forsooth, because she .tad a pretty skin like the leaf of the white japonica, soft, grey eyes like a timid fawn's and a voice like a cooing turtle dove's ! because those delicate cheeks flushed and those soft eyes fell when I spoke to her, and the cooing voice trembled when she replied! because the delicate face brightened when I came, and faded when I turned away because 'She wept with delight when I gave her a smile, And trembled with fear at my frown,' etc. Because she adored me as a sort of god, I loved her as an angel, and married her! married her secretly! for fear of the ridicule of my brother officers, put her in a pastoral log cabin in the woods below the block-house, and visited her there by stealth, like NANA aid hi& uymph_ i the_ guye. But I watt

Watched, my hiaaen treasure was discovered— coveted by a younger and prettier fellow than my- self Perdition ! I cannot tell this story In detail! One night I came home —ery late and quite unexpectedly, and found—this man in nIY wife's cabin! I broke the man's head and ribs And left him for dead. I tore the woman out of my heart and cauterised its bleeding wounds !—This man was Gabriel Le Noir ! Satan burn him for- ever !—This woman was Marah Rocke, God forgive her! I could have divorced the woman, but as I did not dream of ever marrying again. I did nob care to drag my shame before a public tribunal; There, you know all I let the subject sink for ever I said Old Hurricane, wiping great drops of sweat from his labouring brows. " Uncle ! I have heard your story and believe you, of course But lam bound to tell you that, without having heard your poor wife's defence, I believe, and uphold her to be innocent I I think you have been as grossly deceived as she has been fearfully wi onged I and that time and providence will prove this !" exclaimed Herbert, fervently. A horrible laugh of scorn was his only answer* as Old Hurricane arose, shook himself and led the way back to the parlour. (To be tontinued.)

===== 0002601_18951207_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18951207_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY THROWN FROM A TRAP.

The slight mischance of a fall from a pony trap had serious results in the case of Mrs. Devonshire, a well- known and widely-respected resident in the little town of Beaconsfield. The accident occurred some eix yea" ago, and seemed to inflict a severe nervous shock. No particular part, as she felt then, was injured, but for almost a twelvemonth she wasted away and got ahnoat like a shadow. She began to have a very strange feel- ing, from her back right down to the bottom of her feet' She was examined by several doctors and went into one of the London hospitals for over two months,but did not get better. She could net turn in bed, could not move, nor could she get upstairs. The hospital doctors did not seem to understand her case at all. Abscesses formed in her side, and the doctor said that explained all that she bad suffered before. She afterwards went to the High Wycombe and Earl of Beaconsfield MeV:44lll, Cottage Hospital—receiving excellent treatment...442U lay prostrate for a twelvemonth. But no permanent re- lief was obtained until some time afterwards when she tried Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. "How did you come to read of these strangely-named Pills ?" asked a representative of the "South Bucks Stan- dard."

"In the "Christmas Globe." The case we saw ?Ms 3 similar one to mine. I had six boxes at first. I sent to Dr. Williams' establishment in London." "You look well now."

" And I feel well. I can get about now and do WY work. I seemed to gain more strength at once when I began with the Pills, and could move better. It was the Pills that did it, without doubt. When I began to get about, everybody was telling me what a miracle it was' and making such remarks as I never thought yod would get about any more,' 'You are a miracle,' Z=ol°' Everyone was astonished." Various people in Beaconsfield, on whom the reporter called, corroborated Mrs. Devonshire's statements, and expressed their surprise at her being able to get about again. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fortify the nerves and thus cure nervous disorders, paralysis, locornotor stair, neuralgia, rheumatism, St. Vitus' dance, nervous head' ache, and indigestion ; diseases of the blood, such na scrofula, chronic erysipelas, and restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health. They are now, obtainable of all chemists, and from Dr. Williams Medicine Company, 46, Bolborn-viaduct, London, 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 9d., but are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams, Pink Pills for Pale People. A specific for all the troubles of the female, and 50 men cure all cases arising from worry, overwork, or

===== 0002601_18951207_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
excesses.

• The indictment to be made in the Lancaster eleC- tion trial, will, it is said, be one of the most re- markable,if not the most remarkable, that has been framed since the Corrupt Practices Act became law. Charges will be laid under every section of, Ot Without exception, and the mass of evidence to be adduced is enormous Without expressing alq, opinion on the merits of the case, it may be Boil that the Tory officials do not look forward to the trial with feelings of satisfaction.

29 pages) ad TOBACCONIBTB.O:IITFITT. TOBACCONISTS commencing • Illd guide and Catalogue toad, London. (Mgr), Hy. MYE73B. ---..... iiia. co.-1813, ui Sten-

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A "Little Cough." THE RUIN ON HEALTH: A " Little Cough.

THEivh oic hF may RE bl le UNCUNREERD OFn DEATH: o wb ytheA HALL'S: LUNG RESTORER NFU:IE FOR•imLivitHtleDlCAoTuagb.stisigAo Registered AND ALL ND CHEST LUNG oxil RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSES Ttlg POVill LUNG to Soolag, RELtsfrg a!,... HEAL, which exists i 0 . RESTORER other preparation. LUNG FOR COUGUS OH COLDS. RESTORER Never Fails. It NEVER FAILS to GIVE LUNG INSTANT REMO. RESTORER THE FIRST POSE , IS A SOOTHING rit- LUNG LUDR TO TLIR CVNO• RESTORER INDUCES SLE EP LUNG Calm and Refreshing. iv DOES NOT C°llTir. RESTORER LAUDANUM. OP'°r Never Fails molusHiA.

LUNG FOR WHOCRING RESTORER COCitx„i•—ii • LUNG IT ACTS LIRE A 001‘314. -RESTORER Children like -IL Never Falls ORB IQI DOTT' 11A LL'S ..1..e.J2D. LUNU p ESTORER PROVES ITS VALVE. 1., Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YOBS GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF FAILS FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARNII=-- Mrs. H. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Croydon. w To Mr. TROMAH HALL.—" DEAR SIR.—I am Plefieed.,,o testify 31 tolthe'great benefit derived from the use of your L.-- RHSTORBR, which I have given to 'several children mosei mY Home—in two eases part; lularly its affects were loos having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be PleasedL to recommend It to all my friends. Ir ALL'S CAUTION.- When you ask, ask for a Bottle of LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to acoePt else, upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Oat,: sdpeare my Trade Nark (the figure of HOPE) and Stoat Beware of fraudulent imitation and innovations. in Dotal; Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. is. 11(1. and 2s. 9d. Should there be obtaining, it will be sent eartiage paid, on receipt of pmS" for the amount, froml Tl4OB. KALL, 24, Queen VI street, London. any diniouitY_.lo

===== 0002601_18951207_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
__-.•••■miNIN1111111111

===== 0002601_18951207_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18951207_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL,

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the 'Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. fire Mayor (Councillor J. Fairclough) presided, and there were also present Aldermen Slackhurst, Sutton, Hutchinson, W right,Fran- comb ; Councillors Garner, Hepherd, Wilkinson, Shill- cock, Baird, Woods, Rogers, Furness, Ellison, Duncan, Lee, Bennett, Longton, Shaw, Evans,Plumpton,Cannell, Shaw-Green, Roberts. Monks, Fierpoint, Davies; Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Longdin (borough sur- veyor), Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Haydock (gas engineer), and Stanley Wilson (assistant tswn clerk).

WATCISIDOMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee contained the follow- ing resolution the following members be ap- pointed a sub-cemmittee to inspect and report upon all places licensed for the performance of stage plcsis : Aldermen Francomb and Wright ; Councillors Dr.,Can- mei (convenor) and Heaton.. That the following members. be appointed a sub-committee to assist the Chief Con- stable in carrying nut the duties of the p .lice under the Licensing Acts : Councillors Dr. Carmel', Hasten and Monks. On the motion of the Mayon the minutes were Confirmed.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE AND ESTATE COMMITTEE .-11311 CORPORAMON AND

MAL TRADESMEN.

The minutes of the Finance and Estate Co.-mnittee contained a resolution to the effect that the Borough Treasurer beinstructed to advertiee for tenders for loans for the redemption •ef water annuities. The minutes also contain the Order of the Local Eavernmentßoard with reference to the appointment of assistant overseer. Councillor &taw-Gages, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said a very large sum of money would be wanted on the Lit of January to redeem the water annuitants, and as only a moderate proportion of the annuitants had accepted the proposal of the Corpora- tion they had instructed the Treasurer 'toadvertise for the balance of the money required. Alderman SUTTON alluded Cc the letting of the shop at; Bridge-foot, at one time occupied by the bate Mr. IL W. 'Marsh, which he said had been decided upon by the committee though it was not mentioned on the printed minutes. The Street Improvement 'Committee had ' passed a resolution to the efiect that the shop should not be re-let for the sale of goods, which it was considered, weuld act detrimentally to the shopkeepers. The Fin- ance Committee, had, however, decided to re-let the premises. He hoped the Committee would reconsider the matter, and not allowthe shop tote used, as it was, be contended, an injustice to the owners of propertyin the neighbourhood. (Hear, hear.) Councillor DAVIZS supported the arguments of Alder- man Sutton. He said that when the land in Brice- street near to the shop inquestion was sold for ES a yard an undertaking was given to the purchaser on behalf of the Corporation that when Marsh's shop was acquired by the Corporation it should be pulled down. He thought the Corporation was now breaking its word. Councillor HEPHERI, said a resolution had alreadybeen passed to pull down the shop, and the reason it wag not down now was a certain financial matter. He considered the committee were •quite right to let the showier the present. So long as the property was empty they were Weekly losing money on it, and he did not see why they Should not have `£.3 a week from people who liked to take the shop for a few weeks together. Alderman SUTTON': We ought not to break our faith for £2oa week. _

_ Councillor PIERPOINT thought the remarks of council- lor Hepherd savoured of the ridiculous. If theUorpora- tion wished to encourage motlvauctions to the detriment of the tradesmen of the town fur tho purpose of saving a paltry £3 a week he was very much ashamed of them. Councillor HIMEMED : There are mock auctions in the market.

Councillor Pignrotyr said he did not care -where they were; the principle was wrong. They had. respectable 'tradesmen in their main street who were not doing too avell,and it was absolutely cruel and unjust to encourage these mock auctions. Councillor SW, GREEN replied that thecommittee were getting a fair rental for the shop. These were bona- 14,de and not mock auctions as had been so graphically described by Councillor Pierpoint. The shop was in the Finance Committee's care to make the best cf it. That committee could not pull it down, but as soon as it had •to be pulled down they would wash their hands or it. The minutes were then passed. STREET IMPROVEMENT •AND LIGHTING OREESSITTEE.

This committee have resolved that permission be given to Mr. T. Harris to erect an ornamental sign in front of the Cross Keys Inn., and to the owner of theWaggon and 'Horses to erect a lamp in front of that inn, and that the tender of Mr. T. Davies to erect a wall and execute alterations at premises at the corner of Wharf and Mersey-streets at £l5 Ios. be accepted. The minutes were cmfirmed on the motion of Alder- man Surrox, seconded by Alderman Homxtrisoil.

SANITARY WORKS COUNITTEE.TRE LOSSOFORD EXTENSION.

At a'meeting of this committee held on the 27th -November, it was resolved that the Town 'Clerk apply to the Local Government Board for power to borrow £15,000 for extensions at Longford Depot. Councillor Mottos, in moving the confirmation of the ,minutes, alluded to the proposed borrowing ef £15,000. He mentioned that he hadforeshadowed early this year a further expenditure at'Lengford in connection with the extension. He had purposely allowed the matter to drift somewhat of late feeling that it was desirable, in view of other expenditure to which the Council would be com- mitted, to let the matter stand over as long as possible, but the time had now come 'when her and 'his committee felt that it was necessary-there should be-no further de- gay. They were prepating a detailed scheme to lay before the Council, and it would he brought forward in three or four months' time. Thay wouldpuot be able to apply to the Local Government Board until the 30th 'November next year unless they acted at once, and at the suggestion of the Town Clerk the committee at the last meeting passed a resolution to the effect that appli- cation should be made to the Local Government Board for power to borrow the money. The committee, how- ever, could not spend the money until they 'had drawn up a scheme and submitted it to the Council. Then an inspector from the local 'Government Board would be sent to Warrington to inquire into the matter. Councillor Homo seconded, _ _

Councillor Sammons', said he would object to the 'expenditure. The MigrOß remarked that the money would not be spent at present. Councillor Saarrannsr said he had learnt since he became a member of the Council that when money was borrowed it was sure to be spent. There was no question about that. They had already spent without sanction £4,000. They were now about to borrow £1:6,000, and the £4,000 would be paid out of that sum. A definite statement as to the manner in which the money would be spent should be submitted to the Council before the loan was sanctioned. .

Councillor Woons 'took objection to the expenditure of £l5O in the purchase of a couple of horses for the use of the department. They should not, he contended, have cost more than £5O each.

Councillor Snaw GREEN pointed out that before the Sum of £15,000 was borrowed the Local Goverment Board would have to be consulted and a detailed state- ment prepared. Councillor ROBERTS said that as he had something to do with the recommendation for the purchase of the horses be should like to say that he would not advise the Corporation to pay more for a horse than he would pay himself. He was in the habit of paying the same price, or a similar price, to that paid by the committee, and he believed that the best horses paid the best. (Hear, hear.) It was discreditable to a Corporation to turn out shabby horses. Alluding to the proposed loan of £15,000. he said he was surprised that Councillor Smethurst should Oppose it since the matter had been discussed so of ten in committee. The increased expenditure was absolutely necessary because of the increased quantities of material which had to be dealt with at Longford. Councillor Monts said in regard to Councillor Smet- hurst's opposition that it was true the committee had spent a certain sum of money, but they had done so with the knowledge and consent of the Council. Coun- cillor Smethurst was present at the time and raised no objection. Councillor SMETHURST I beg your pardon, sir. Councillar MONKS said he would repeat the assertion. Not a word was said in any shape or form. If Council- lor Smethurst did not approve, he did not get up and object; in fact, all along he (Councillor Monks) had not brought forward any motion without feeling certain that he would have the support of every member of the com- mittee. Whether that would be so in the future re- mained to be seen, but he hoped that support would be continued. This was a preliminary application, and they could do nothing in the matter of spending money without coming before the Council again. He gave his guarantee that nothing should be done until the Council had been again consulted. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were then passed. ATIIEST 11CFROVEMENT CONIMITTEE—THE STOCKTON HEATH

SEWAGE.

Alderman WRIGHT proposed the adoption of the minutes of this committee, and said with regard to the report concerning the sewerage of Stockton Heath that for a long also loud complaints had been raised about the stench arising from the bed of the old river at the back of Wilderspool Causeway, and they were anxious to get rid of that. They had, therefore, worked out a scheme, and all that the Council would be asked to do that night was to adopt the general principle of it. Before they applied to the Local Government Board for their approval they would have to wait until the exten- sion of the borough was granted. It would be, perhaps, advisable to give the Council an epitome of the circum- stances which led up to the present position. It would be in the recollection of the Council that arrangements were made with the Runcorn District Council that upon the oxtension of the borouv.h being granted the Corpora- tion would deal with the sewage from Stockton Heath, which was now discharged in the bend of the old river at Wildersp,ol. The Bill for the extension had been read a second time in the House, but owing to the dis- solution it was suspended until the reassembling of Parliament in February last. As explained in the report a serious nuisance was caused by the deposit of sewage on the banks of the old river, and the Runcorn District

1-schemi

Council and the County Council of Cheshire had asked I the Corporation to cony out the arrangements made , with regard to the sewage without waiting for the Pro-. 1 visional Order to beroafirmed. This the committee were prepared to do on the understanding that the Itunooru District Council paid the cost of constructing so much of the new sewer as would be within their district and the Corp3ration to repsy the amcunt, or a proportion of it, tenon the borough being extended. When the sewage had to be treated the contributions to be paid by the District Council ,would be on the rateable value of the buildings using the sewers in their district in proportion to the rateable value of the buildings using the sewers within the borough ; thus, if the rateable value of the , buildings in.the borough was i£3."' ,000, and the ratable value ot the 'buildings in Stockton Heath was £lO,OOO. the Runcorn District Council would contribute one-tenth. af the cwt. Councillor BAIRD seconded. Councillor DAVIES asked if it would not be better to take the sewage out of Warrington rather than bring it into the borough as in the present case? ' The Mayon remarked that the Borough Surveyor as. Bared them that it was impracticable. Councillor DAVIES said that if it vies impracticable,' then lie would not purstiethe mattcr further, but be' I iwtisted. If it was practicable, however, he was cer-I I tainlymot satisfied. Councillor Ronsurs agreed with Councillor Davies that It would be better if possible tu take the sewage out erf the borough instead of bringing it into the borough. Hennggested that it be taken to the point where the tend of the river is sear to Walton Arr hes. He thought that two outfalls so near eaCh Otter at River-road wesald ;prove a nuisance to the people who resided in the houses mew by. tCouncillor Monies ,also thouElit that if possible the -towage should not be deposited into the river at the ..point suggested as it was only a few yards from the itrent doors of a number of houses. The BOROUGIE SVEIVEYOR subsequently entered into a by explanation of the ,atlvantagos of the present ie, and mentioned that' the cost of the method just suggested by Councillors Davies and Roberts would be . . _

fiongthy

I,anormously great, and " would bring such a rate upon 'Warrington as would swami, the town." ft ,could not ' be done in the way they mentioned for less than' £25,000, owing to the great difficulties they would have to contend against. Alderman Wasivizr saicithey must be guided by their' Borough Surveyor. The 'present scheme had been commended to them as the best they could have having! regard to the agreemententered into with the 'Runcorn; Rural Distriet`Council. Ee should like it to be under- stood that the'Council was not bound to carry out this scheme. Iniact beformnything could be done it woad have to come before the Council again, and also have the approval of the Local Government Board.

The minutes were then carried. 117E1001, • ATIENDILNC COMMITTBE.

This cotavnittee recommended that when the number of cases to be heard by the committee exceeds ten, such number be divided, and one half of such cases be heard in the committee room and the other half in the 'lnspec- tor's )ffice.

The minutes were approved on the proposition of Councillor SHIM CIZEEN, seconded tv Councillor SiuLicocir.

'CEICETERY COMMITTEE.

This cornmitteeTePoiteddl;i-t—h-e-r—ec—eirts for the live weeks price. to the 25th November were £lO9 Zs. compared with £701.25. 7d. for the corresponding period last year. The minutes were approved on the motion of Council- lor Evatft, seconded by Alderman Florcizrzisolq. TOWN HALL, &C., COMMMITTEE. The nalnutes were proposed by Councillor Catoncra., and seconded by Councillor &firmness.

Councillor 43EPVERD asked if the committee would consider the advisability of providing a room in that Hall for holding sub-committee meetings. The other day he had to sit for -about two hours thereiand got a rather severe cold in-consequence. It was disgraceful that they should have to sit in that large cold room,and he hoped the committee would take the matter into considera- tion.

The Marogremarked that Councillor litepherd was en- tirely ont of order. The subject was not on the minutes. However,whilst on the matter he might himself say that he thought it was time the committee did ok,methicig in this respect. There was not a convenient room ,t4a the building in which to hold a meeting except the Mayor's parlour,and the poor Mayor had no room at all.r(Laugh- ter.) The minutes were carried. 31/.111.14TS COMMITTEK.

These minutes were passed without discussion on the motion of Alderman GREENA.LL, seconded by Alderman Bracsmunsr.

GAS COMMITTEE.

The followicg gentlemen have been appointeda,Works Sub-Committee :—The Chairman, Deputy-Chairman, Aldernaan Wright, and Councillors Evans, Heaton, and Skelton.

Councillor HEPHEIID proposed, and the Maxon se- conded the passing of the minutes. The propoeition was carried. INDISRS. BISHOP AND CO.'S RNAFIZ. Ia accordance with notice given Councillor Farness asked the Chairman of the Rivers' Committee if it isthe intention of his committee to take any steps for the pur- pose of bringing 'before the Council for re-consideration the minute relating to the granting of a wharf on the river to Messrs. Bishop and Co. Councillor &mutts, in reply, said the matter was hav- ing the reconsideration of the committee,and would pro- bably come-before the Council for their reconsideration at an early date. He wished he could add that the com- mittee was unanimous en the matter, but on this ques- tion they were not such a happy family as he would like, though it was just possible that he would be able to con- vert some of his opposing colleagues. Alderman SurroN : I don't think you will though. (Laughter) Councillor ROBERTS : There is not much hope for a man who gars he won't be converted(renewed langhter). He hoped that they would make a report as soon as pos- sible. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_18951207_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

1

===== 0002601_18951207_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
moms CONMITTICE...-THIC SNIP CANAL.

The minutes of the above committee made of aninterview between the committee and representatives of the Ship Canal Company with reference to the pro- posed introduction by the oompany of a Bill for closing the tidal openings in the canal and other matters. Councillor ROBERTS proposed the adoption of the minutes, and in referring to the above interview said that if the committee should be able to see their way to support the Manchester Ship Canal Company without any disadvantage to Warrington, they would be very glad to do so. Alderman fritewcouli seconded,and:the Imotion was agreed to. FOREENGINeAND WATERICOMMITTEE. The minutes of this committee were approved of after slight discussion. They contained Jnothing of import- ance.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
GRNRRAL PEIRPOSEB.-TTER Tin OF THE DRILL HALL FOR

POLITICAL PURPOSES.

The MAYOR moved, and the-i5;;;;-MAYOIL seconded, the confirmation of the minutes which appeared in our last issue, the principal item being that on the letting or re-letting the premises now occupied by the I.st Volun- teer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment P. W. Volun- teers to make it a condition that no part of the premises shall be allowed to be used as a committee room or for any political purpose on any day on which a poll is taken.

Alderman Barrow said the resolution was one for which there was no necessity. He did not see what eb- jeetion could be raised for the letting of the Hall. It appeared to him that the resolution had been passed out of party feeling. The room was let to the Conservative party as a committee room on the day of the election, and there was no reason why the Liberal party should not be allowed to use another part of the building. He would certainly raise no objection, and he did not think that anyone else would do so. He moved as an amend- ment that the minutes he passed with the exception of the one in question. Councillor SMETHURST seconded the amendment, and said that the resolution referred to by Alderman Sutton had been passed by the casting vote of the Chairman of the committee. There was another room at the Drill Hall to be disposed of, end he shonld be personally pleased if the Liberals would come next door to them. (Laughter.) It was a very convenient room. The MAYOR : You would want half-a-dozen policemen to look after you. (Loud laughter.) Alderman HurcurNsox observed that there was only one room that could be occupied as a committee room in the Drill Hall,and that belonged to the caretaker. He allowed his own private kitchen to be used as a com- mittee room. It appeared to him that there Was a little jealousy in the matter. (Cries of " No, no.") In future the poll could be held in Kendrick-et. sehmolroom. There were cottages on each side of that building which could be used by both political parties. (Hear, hear.) Councillor SHAW-GREEN considered that to be a good Suggestion. The DEPUTY-MAYOR was sorry an attempt had been made to make this a party question. He agreed with the minute on the agenda paper, and hoped it would be allowed to stand. . . .

Councillor DAVIES said they ought to have no sympathy with either political party. If the Conservative party had scored by having a committee roam at the Drill Hall the sooner the use of it was put a stop to the better. They had no right to score at all in any way. (Rear. hear, and laughter.) Alderman FRANCOTEE : Do you want to Snug us out ? (Renewed laughter.) Councillor Davies said if the Corporation could stop the room being used as a committee room they ought to do 90. If the hoot had been on the other lee. be meant

THE SECRET OF BEAUTY is found in CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and bsautifymg soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery. It is the only preventive of pimples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red, rough hands with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes, because the only Pre- ventive of inflammation and clogging of the pores, the cause of minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hAir. Sale greater than the combined sales of all other skia and complexion soaps.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
mmiiMINIMIIMININIMIIIommin.iII

===== 0002601_18951207_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 18,

if the Liberals had been in possession of the room, they would not have kept it vmv long. A. better place for the polling booth was the Kendrick-street Schoolroom. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PUMPTeht said that from his own observa- tion on the let November there was at least one voter who went straight from the polling booth into the Con- servative committee-room. He went from the polling booth to the comtnittee room and left his ticket in the Conservative committee room after he had voted. The Maxon said that if the committee would nvith- draw the resolution he would take care that the poliing booth was not beld at the Drill Hall in the future. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Unman was certain there was a large-sec- tion of the Conservative members of the Council who desired to att fairly in the matter, and it was to them he venturedlo make an sawn:l That was a lueitien of principle. The Drill Hall oelenged to the Corporation. aatepayers field all sorts of •spinions and no opinimis at all, and no .nroperty belonging to the Corporatiot. eught 'te be let.fer party purposeg. If they put a proviso in the conditions of the tenancy of any property belonging to the Corporation that it should not be sub-let for party purposes that will get over the difficulty. Counoillor LoNcrron :: Include Parr Hall•then.

Councillor Rouen:l's sal4l it was only OR the rimy of the poll that objection was•te.ken to the 1190 of thellEtrill Hall. It wasqsatremely undeggrable that any .polltical party should'have a committee room under the-same roof as the potling station itself. That was the only objection, aniitthere was no member of the Conservative party who would wish for a moment, if he would hook at the matter fairly, to base a party advantage at the expense of the town.

_ After some further di.eussion Al4erman -Etrrrox said heArould withdraw the amsndment, but' let it be under- stood at the instarme of the Conservative members.

Councillor Roirmars said that as he, to some extent, represented the Liberal party,he shanlreid the Alderman for the concession and accepted the gracgal concession wkich had been wade. he minutes were then confirmed iatheir entirety,and he Council rose.

kwki

===== 0002601_18951207_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGL A.N D'S FOOD SUPPLY.

EBY Mn. H. WHITII,CTI.

One of the most "burning questions," andl,cne that has filled hundreds of columns in the British newspapers during the past twenty, or thirty years, has been the "Land Question." Bookspam- phlets, and articles without number have been written upon this one topic. ,How to make the best use of I the land; how tolarm at a profit, and to feed the ever-growing urban population, have been the problems that have to be solved. 'Seem- ingly we are not much nearerthe solution of these questions to-day than we were years ago. Nay, all the evidecce to hand would prove that we are fur- ther off than ever. I can find reports from almost every shire proving that more land is, day by day, going out of cultivation, and year after year the importakons of food stuffs is increasing. The interest in this question is not alone con- fined to the farmer and the • land owner. dt is of I national importance. The wage earner in the fac- tory has an interest in the land, employing all the labour te possibly can. He has also an interest in the land at his door providing him with as cheap food as possible. Whatever •" 'ism" we may look upon with especial favour, or whatever political flag we may swear by, there can be no doubt that we are all held pretty close to the grindstone by the competitive system coder which we are living, and that we must make ,the best of it. It is just possible that one of these days the farmer and the farm band, the artisan and the labourer, will wake up to the fact that to put trust' in Pailiament is like putting trust in princes—of no avail. I was looking over one or two leading agricul- tural papers the other day, and I was struck with the figures given of the value of imported food stuffs into England; midi thought a word or two on the subject would not be amiss. I may say that I have found, often, very often, great surprise expressed that the English people should import so very much that they could so easily produce :themselves. Take a conversation like the follow- ing::— .

'7Chickens," said a well-known West end poul- terer to a London reporter,' Why, bless you, they ,come from all parts of the world, every nation seems to be able to rear chickens except England. Here is a big cargo from Australia. Five shillings each, that's the price they fetch." "'Think of it, every nation except England can rear chickens, and sell them in London, noquestions asked and, at ss. each. This same London poulterer said, "I don't know what's the matter with our people; to think that, with all the depression they talk of, such a !market should be let go to outsiders as the poultry market; why, it seems to me disgraceful." "Why," le said, "it's the same in everything,from ducks to geese and turkeys, from chickens to every kind of .game and all sorts of birds." Another dealer said he hadn't had an English chicken 'in his place for days, and during the Derby and Ascot events he was selling "poultry at what -seemed fabulous rates:" This Londoner said " the English farmers were a silly prejudiced lot who had been doing one lkind of trade,aud went on sticking to it,even when it's left them, instead of taking up other branches that would be profitable." Taking up an Australian paper I•find reference madeto a special wharf that has been constructed in the Manchester dock for the fruit trade, and in connection therewith the Corporation opened a commodious sale room in Campfield 'market ground. The importation of apples into Manchester is •estimated at moo tons per annum, a large propor- tion of which come from Australia and Tasmania. 'Think of it. The competition that exists has forced the question of quality well to the front. All writers are agreed that it is of no use sending any- thing to the London market unless it is of first-rate quality. If this point is adhered to first-rate prices can be had. Australia last year exported 12,000 tons of butter. Six thousand tons of this received the Government brand as being first rate. Even then it did not command the highest prices. Denmark enjoys the reputation of mak- ing the best, and most uniform in quality, and her butter commands the highest prices. Denmark has adopted the principle of Pasteurisa- tion with excellent results. By the destruction of noxious germs and the cultivation of ferments which impart to the butter a special flavour and a keeping capacity, the quality of the product has been largely enhanced. I see nothing in all this but what an English farmer should understand and put in practice. The Government fruit expert of Vietoria writing on the past and present of fruit growing in that coloay says;—" We have now to look to Europe to take our surplus fruit, and I maintain that for a regular supply of a really good article the demand is almost unlimited in Great Britain alone. Vic- toria will send 10,000 cases of fruit to England this year. and is preparing to send tens of thousands in the future." What says the British farmer? La 1857 the area of land under fruit tree cultivation was 1939 acres. In 1893 it had increased to 31,370 acres, and in 1894 to 42,463 acres. These are telling figures, and show what the English farmer could do ' if he really wished to get hold of a bit of English money. That it is imperative that the English farmer shall take an all round view of the situation the following figures only need be given. In my pre- vious letter on this subject I referred to Argentina. This comparatively new country is fast becoming one of the powerful factors in the worlds supply of wheat. Four years ago the amount exported amounted to only 1,508.800 quarters of wheat and 94,440 sacks of flour, besides 3,220,000 quarters of maize. In 1894 she sent out 7,400,000 quarters of wheat, 322,670 sacks of flour, and only 283,000 quarters of maize. The wheat crop of the world last year was estimated to be 321,300,000 quarters. It is estimated that the Argentine Republic has about 240,000,000 acres of land well adapted for wheat cultivation. The labor employed is cheap Italian. " The country life," says a recent writer, "is poor, mean, and joyless, and the people who come from the land of song and art seem to have no ideas of redeeming the depressing surroundings of their bare, ugly comfortless homes, or of forming communities for social advantages of any sort," and yet. " they are the only successful wheat farmers." This must be all very bitter reading for the English farmer. Clearly his oecupation,as a wheat grower is gone. The good there is in competition, will, before many years are over, make itself felt in more craniums than that of the crank.

By the way, one of my Warrinzton friends, par- ticularly wishes me to keep Socialism out of one of my letters. I have tried to do so in this. 2409 Mission-street, an Francisco, Nov. 12, 1895.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starchei linen, ac., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. Corn- wall, says Nly wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" Prom Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear Bit,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Po'is hes, but find none equal to yours." If should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and ed., t y most starnh Genet's. If not in stock will procure it. URETVISLET.I3I4,Abura. Pamrietor

===== 0002601_18951207_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INTERESTING CHAPTER OF LOCAL HISTORY.

BALTON CASTLE.

" Ff alton Castle and its Associations" was the subject of a lecture given by Mr. Joseph Pritchard in Runcorn , Technical Institute on Friday evening. There was a ! large attendanee,and the proceedings were presided over by Mr. William Handley, Chairman of the Free Library ! Committee, under whose auspices the lectures are held. A letter of /typology for the non-attendance was read from Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., M.?. In introdacing the lecturer, the Chairman said that they were met that night to improve their acquaintance I with the locsA history of their own district. He was 1 afraid !seal history was too often neglected. Many of them knew more of the history of places far distant than of those lying as their .very doors. For several years past the Library Committee had been gathering all the basks they could get relating to the local history of Runcorn and district, and they bad now got a fair number of nooks on that subject. and the librarian would be very glad to assist anyone in making their acquaintance with the books there were on the shelves. At the outset of his lecture,Mr. Tritchard said among the nanny interesting volumes with which their library abounded, there were few which to him appeared more deeply interesting thaa those which related to the histcrry of their native town and count. They had in the r immediate neighbourhood, ninny very important historical lauchnarks,but few whose history codicil be more distinctly traced than that of the ancient cattle of Halton. The 'first great fortresses built by Ethelfieda in Mercia were those of Tam- worth and Stafford, which were completed in the year 913, and she then turned her attention to the de- fiences a Cheshire. She built and extended the walls of .Chester and so protected the entrance to the Dee. Then -ehe built a strong castle or fortress at Runcorn, and so commanded the passage of the Mersey at its narrowest point. Anyone wbo remembered the rocky headlands which jutted into the river just where the Runcorn bridge now stood would be at once struck with the im- portance of such., strategical position, especially when he remembered that thewessels of war of those days were propelled by the power of the oar. She also founded a priory in Runcorn which stood very near to the place occupied by the Parish Church. Another fort she built at Latchford and so commanded the ford at Warrington. Anothenshe built at Thelwall—her place of residence, and anotherat Warburton, oppisite what was now known as Hollins Ferry or Hollins Green. In the rear of them all, as a last place of resort in case of defeat, she erected a much stronger fortress on Eddis- bury Hill, the highest point of Delainere Forrest, which is about 600ft..above the sea level, and commands a distinct view of theestuaries of the Mersey and the Dee, and also commanded the old Roman road from Chester to Manchester. The lecturer proceeded to deal with the conquest of the cmintry by William the Conquerer and his appointment of his nephew, Hugh Lupus, to the governor of Chester Castle, with the title of Earl of Ches- ter. This Earldom was founded in the year 1070, and existed as an independent power for nearly two hundred , years. Lupus' appointed his cousin, Nigel, to the )BARONY OF HALTON who built the castle on the hill from which he commanded a view of his possessions. For the better protection of his barony be placed his brethren in the neighbourhood . immediately surrounding the castle. To Huddard he • gave Aston and Sutton, and from Huddard, the great ' family of the iDuttons of Cheshire had sprung. To Edarus be gave a certain portion of land at Weston which had previously belom;sect to William de Weston, the head of an old Saxon family. To Wolmerus and Horswain be gave certain lands in Runcorn and Norton, while to WOlfaith who was his oldest brother, and a , priest, he gave the Parish Church of Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NIGEL'S TENURE

of the castle was not a long one for he had to pay the debt of nature early. He was succeeded by his son, William Fitz Nigel, who at the time of the Doomsday survey is described as the owner of the broad lands of the barony of Halton which he held for a period of nearly Rfq years. 'William Fitz William was the third baron, and founded the church and abbey of Norton and removed the.priots who had been established at Runcorn for over 2.00 years, to Norton. This was the home of the priors until the reign of King Henry viii. (1536), when the king despoiled most of the monasteries of England. The third baron died without issue, and the honour of Halton was divided between his two sisters, Agnes and Maud. The husband of Agnes, Fitz Roger, became the sth baron of 'Halton. The lecturer then proceeded in a most interesting manner to refer to the succeeding barons of Halton, tracing their genealogy to the time of the conferring of the earldom to

===== 0002601_18951207_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
.JOHN OF GAIINT

_ Edwardllll. Gaunt made Halton Castle his occa- sional hunting seat and was said to have given the name to Fiddler's Ferry, for on one occasion when he had crossed the ferry (which was then known as Cuerdley Ferry) forthe purpose of examining the remainsof some old Danishiorts which were on the Lancashire side of the ferry.„ihe was detained on the river and entertained by a large !party of strolling fiddlers, and from this cir• cumsta,oce, he nicknamed it Fiddler's Ferry. In 1373 he he appointed Matthew de Rixton to Halton, and com- manded him to deliver to the prior and convent of Norton the tithes of the herbage and underwood in all the parishes within the Lordship of Halton in the same manner .as the predecessors had done. John died in February, 1398, and was succeeded by his son, Henry Bolingbroke, who became the fifteenth and

===== 0002601_18951207_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST BARON OF HALTON.

On the dethronement of Richard 11., Henry Bolingbroke was crowned Xing of England, and all his lesser title be- coming estinct, the barony of Halton was no more. But while the barony was extinct, the castle still remained, and was etill of sufficient importance to be mentioned in the King's last will made in 1417, wherein be directed that his castle at Halton should after his decease pass to his brother, John, Duke of Bedford. After this it was plain that the old castle had lost its glory for after being a resideme for its barons for a period of over 300 years, it now

===== 0002601_18951207_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAME ONLY A PRISON.

Among the records of Halton, there was one deserving of notice as it related to Runcorn. It was dated April 1481 wherein King Edward IV. ordered all vessels which should come to any port in theshire, first to call at Chester and discharge their cargo, even if they had to be reloaded, so that Chester might receive the benefit of the shipping fees, but one Edward Walshe, of Runcorn, held a special license as that he could sail his ship ta and from Runcorn without calling at the port of Chester. After alluding to the uses the castle was put to as a prison, the lecturer proceeded to speak of

ITS 1111P0UTANCE during the civil war of England. In 1642, when the sword of the great civil war was first drawn, John Savage, of Rocksavage, was seneschal of Halton Castle, and placed therein a sufficient garrison to hold it for the king, and the royal colours now floated proudly over the old walls of Halton. But while Halton, with the owner of Rocksavage at its head hell out for the king, the head of the trusts of Norton sided with the Parliamentarians and Colonel Henry Brooke was appointed high sheriff of Cheshire. Norton Priory was put into a defensive state, and on the 26th February, 1643, a small force of horse and foot with one cannon or field piece, appeared before the house and demanded its immediate surrender. Colonel Brooke refused to surrender, and succeeded in defeating the royal forces who ultimately retired to Halton Castle. The tide .of battle was now running strongly with the Parliamentarians, and after having captured Warrington on the 28th May, 1643, their victorious army made its way to Halton Castle and demanded its surrender. The castle was under the command of Captain Walter Primrose and he re- fused. A. siege was made and while it continued the Castle chapel which stood outside,was demolished. The siege continued for several weeks,and the besieged find- ing their provisions running shot, began to parley for terms of surrender, and on the 22,id July the castle was surrendered on honourable terms, and Sir William Brere- ton took possession in the name of the Parliament. Early in the following year (March 1644) the tide of battle again turned, and the castle was re-taken by Prince Rupert, but in July of the same year the castle once again submitted to the Parliamentarians and the Royal flag was once more hauled down, never to be raised again while it remained a fortress. On the 9th July a

COUNCIL OF WAR assembled at Warrington at whick there were present— Colonel Henry Brooke, Sir William Brereton, Sir George Booth, Sir Thomas Stanley, Roger Wilbraham, Henry Delves, Philip Mainwaring. and Robert Dutton, when an order was issued for the dismantling of Flalton, Rock- savage, Beeston, and several other Cheshire castles which have never been rebuilt. The office of constable and seneschal of Halton was conferred upon Colonel Henry Brooke and during his term of office the honour, fee, and manor, and castle of Haltail were

PUT UP FOR SALE and purchased by him. But his possession of it was not for long, for, being dissatisfied with the government of the country after the death of Cromwell, he in 1659 joined the Royalists,and was defeated and taken prisoner to Chester Castle, while his brother was expelled from the House of Commons and committed to the Tower for high treason. On the recall of the king in 1660, there was an opinion that the Brooke and Booth rising had only been a little too soon. To the honour of the Brooke family, though they had suffered greatly by the war, they were among the first contributors towards the erec- tion cf a new church in the place of the one destroyed during the war. That church remained to within the last fifty years when it was replaced b§ the beautiful structure now on the hill, and commanding the admir- ation of all who beheld it.

The lecturer was thanked for his ssrviceg on the motion of Mr. F. J. Norman, seconded by Mr. Cunning- ham.

Reassuring news as to the safety of the Baptist mis- sionaries in China has been received.

A well-attended conference convened by the Mont- gomnyshire Liberal Association, was held at Newtown, en Tuesday to protest againgt the proposal to give in- creased grants to Church schools. The chief speakers were Mr. A. C. Humphreys-Owen, M.P„ who presided, and the Rev. J. Hirst Holloweli.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ' 1, . .

_ I

===== 0002601_18951207_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FoorsALL.

When the news was telegraphed to Warrington on Saturday night that the first team had wo.i at Tyldesley by two goals to a try, there was a tremendous amount of astonishment, and a Peneral opinion that there must be some mistake. Had the result been the other way about, people would not have been surprised. Warring- ton had had such a run of ill-luck of late, that Tyldesley with their strong set of forwards were the last team that was expected to give Warrington their initial vic- tory away from home. Now that the Warringtonians have managed to break the spelt of ill-luck, let us hope that they will continue their victorious career, although they have a very big order to-day at Manningham.

Warrington not only won on Saturday, but they beat Tyldeslev at almost every point. Even forward, they held their own, and Burton and Houghton who played half were quite as good as the Berrys. This being the case, the Warrington threequarters for once got a chance which they were not slow to take advantage of, the result being that the wirepullers obtained the highest score they have made this season their previous highest score being seven points against Wakefield Trinity.

O'Brien signalised his re-appearance In the first team by scoring the first try which Warrington have secured since October 28. In fact Warrington had almost passed the whole of the month of November without a single score, and therefcre O'Brien is to be congratulated upon re-opening the scoring account. Barber also scored his second try of the season, thus sharing with Broady, Foden and Wilcock the credit of scoring twice. Goal kicking has been " off " completely previous to Satur- day, but then strange to say both tries, one of which was scored at the corner, were converted by Bur- ton, who has now kicked three.

The Tyldesley team have been beaten three times on their own ground this season, but Saturday's defeat was the heaviest they have bad either at home or away. Besides Warrington, Runcorn have beaten them on their own ground by a penalty goal, and Bradford by superior goal kicking. Their away defeats have been at the hands of Leigh by a try, Manningham by two tries, and Runcorn by two tries, so that Warrington's perform- ance has been by fair the best. There are many examples to be obtained of the vagaries of football, but a line drawn between Tvldesley and Warrington would take some beating for strange results. For example,although Tyldesley beat Batley by 16 points to 3, and Batley beat Warrington by 4 points to nil, yet Warrington beat Tyldeslev by IA points to 3. Again Tyldesley beat Old- ham by 11 points to 3, and Oldham beat Warrington by 6 points to nil, and yet Warrington beat Tyldesley as stated. These are great puzzlm of form, and we must not rush to the conclusion that because Tyldesley have beaten Manningham once, Warrington will do likewise. At the same time let us hope that they will do.

Warrington will be very short handed to-day in con- sequence of the absence of Barber and Nevins, and probably one or two other members of the team. Barber and Nevins are of course chosen to assist Lancashire and Yorkshire, and if they come off as well as they did against Cheshire, they will do well indeed. Burton is on the reserve, and may be called upon, and in that case, the Warrington three-quarter line will be very much weakened. The team which is chosen against Manning- ham to-day contains a dark horse for half-back, and is as follows :—Heesom, full back ; Burton, O'Brien ,Cross, and Broady,three-quarters :; Houghton and A. N. Other, half-backs; Burrows, Taylor, Swift, Hill, Andrews, Thornton, Wilco*, and Barrett, forwards, with Scott, Clark, and Fairhurst, reserves.

The various matches on Saturday contained several surprises besides the victory of Warrington over Tyldes- ley. Oldham on their own ground for instance only got the better of Rochdale Hornets by 13 points to eight,and were behind during a good portion of the game. Wid- nes hardly expected to came back victorious from Stock- port, after Runcorn failing to do better than draw there, the previous Saturday tut nevertheless they won by a goal to nil, and Stockport have the distinction or other- wise of only winning one home match out of eight, al- though they have won two away out of seven.

Runcorn after their temporary falling away the pre- vious Raturday,came again with a rush and beat Brough- ton Rangers by 18 points to nil, and are equal in points with Halifax the leaders of the league. The latter also demonstrated their superiority over Batley by gaining a victory of exactly the same dimensions as Runcorn. Batley now join the unfortunates who have had 100 points scored against them.

Bradford have been doing very indifferently of late, but they managed to inflict a defeat of a goal to nil on Brighouse Rangers, and the latter are now deposed from the position of leaders. Liversedge began the season very disastrously being nil-led in their first three matches, but on September Nth they beat Hunslet, and had not suf. fered defeat from that time until Saturday, when Leeds defeated them by a try to nil. They appear to be short of good reserves and this was one cause of their defeat on Saturday. Hull succumbed to the team who will meet Warrington to-day and thus Maaningham has suc- ceeded where a considerable number of good teams have failed.

A feature of the match es on Saturday was the fact that in the three fixtures between Lancashire and York- shire clubs which came off.that day,the Lancashire clubs were all victorious. Wigan beat Runslet, and St. Helens beat Huddersfield by exactly the same score of 11 points to three, while Leigh beat Wakefield Trinity by a goal to ail.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The following is the Northern League up to date :

" Scare. Score. Pt.. PM. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. Halifax Beghouse Ran l4 9 —. 3 ... 2 73 ... 22 ... 20 Runcorn l4 . 8 .. 2 ... 4 —.lll 32 ... 20 If anningham 14 10 4 ... 0 ... 84 56 ... 20 Bradford Liversedge l4 ... 8 ... 4 ... 2 ...117 ... 42 ... 18 Oldham l4 ... 9 ... 5 0 ...118 69 ... 18 Wigan l4 ... 6 ... 2 ... 6 ... 50 ... 24 ... 18 St. Helens Leigh Hunslet Leeds Hull Tyldesley Batley l4 ... 4 ... 8 ... 2 ... 43 ...100 10 Stockport Warrington 14 ... 4 ... 9 ... 1 ... 40 ... 89 ... 9 Rochdale H l4 ... 3 ... 8 ... 3 ... 38 ...119 ... 9 Widnes Wakefield T l4 ... 4 —. 10 ... 0 ... 33 .. 114 ... 8 Br'ght'n Ran l4 ... 2 ... 10 ... 2 ... 35 ... 94 ... 6 Huddersfield l4 ... 2 ... 11 1 ... 38 ... 97 ... 5

The Lancashire and Cheshire section is as follows : Score Score Pt Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. Runcorn St. Helens 8 ... 4 —. 1 ... 3 ... 31 ... 18 ... 11 Wigan Leigh Oldham 6 4 2 ... 0 ... 38 ... 25 .., 8 Tyldesley Rochdale H 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 23 ... 51 ... 6 Stockport Warrington Widnes B g'ht'n Ran 8 ... 0 ... 6 ... 2 ... 7 ... 50 ... 2

The Yorkshire section is as follows : Score Score PM. Won. Lost. Drn. For. A est. Pte. Manningham ... 7 ... 1 ... 0 ... 6cl ... 20 ... 14 B'ghouse Ran ... 5 ... 3 1 ... 38 ... 16 11 Leeds Halifax Ltversedge 4 .. 3 1 ... 49 ... 20 9 Hunalat 4 3 1 50 34 9 Hull Batley Bradford Huddersfield ... 1 Wakell'd Trlty ... 1 ... 5 ... 0 ... 9 ... 61 ... 2

Though ill-luck has been so continuously attendant on the Warrington first team up to Saturday, it has been far otherwise with the A " team. Almost every week they have won and with some substantial majorities too. Saturday's match at home, with the Tyldesley "A" team proved no exception to the rule, for a handsome victory of 19 points to nil was the result. The visitors had the name of a very good. " A" team, therefore, it was with some surprise that the Warrington spectators witnessed the poor show they made.

In the home team there was some noteable changes, and judging from the play throughout the match, ad- vantageous ones. Spruce, from the Castle Rubber Works team, was full back, and is a smart one from all appearances, though he was but seldom called upon on Saturday. la the threequarter rank was a new player named Scott,who in addition to scoring,showed excellent judgment and dexterity throughout the match : in fact he gave the impression of being a player with good pos- sibilities before him. The remaining players had all taken part in the" A" team matches before and showed ”ice combination. All the backs worked splendidly and several bouts of passing won for them cheers in addition, to a try or two. With the victory of Saturday the "A' team have scored over 100 points,the exact record being 102 points for, and 42 against.

The visiting team having arrived late a match of 50 minutes was played, the first half under the rule forbid- ding the half backs from passing the last man in the Scrimmage. This trial gave very favourable results, for the game was remarkably open and fast, lessening the numbei of scrimmages and adding considerably to the pleasure of the spectators. With the new code of rules to come into force in January, Rugby matches will be immeasurably improved. Heavy forwards will be no longer necessary, speed and passing capabilities will be invaluable, nnd dropped goals may be expected to be the easiest points to obtain in the match.

welomminii

r-

"THE WORLD'S MARRIAGE

ASSOCIATION."

• The charges of fraud against the conductors of the World's Great Marriage Association, Limited, were further investigated at Bow-street Police Court on Mon- day. The Magiztrates having inquired whether it was alleged that the whole of the business of the Association was fraudulent, counsel for the prosecution said be could only speak at present with regard to the cases already before the court. The greatest difficulty they bad to contend with was getting evidence, many ptirsons, though admitting that they had been defrauded,refuslag to come forward. The Magistrate said he had received a number of letters from persons who had been married trough the Association. Several persons were called who gave evidence similar in character to that of the previous witnesses. A Northanspton shoemaker admitted under cross-examination that it was after receiving his portrait that one of the women with whom he ss as put in communication ceased to write to him, and that it was the police raid on the defendants' premises that interfered with his correspondence with another. The case was again adjourned.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT A GREAT RAILWAY.

Which is the greatest corporation on earth ? Accord- ing to Mr. W. J. Gordon, it is the London and North- Western Railway. This compaay has a capital of £119,000,000, and a revenue of over £1,300 an hour; its 2,300 engines travel over 41,000,000 miles in the year ; it employs over 60,000 men, and carries over 156,00 C passengers a day. It makes everything it can for its own use, not only building its own bridges, engines, and rolling its own rails, but making the carriages and waggons, coal scuttles for its stations, and the wooden' hubs for the injured of its staff. To keep the line in a proper state of repair takes £2,500 a day. The approach roads, the bridges and signals, and other necessaries require £140.000 a year to keep them in working order. and about £lOO,OOO a year goes in painting and repair- ing, besides £30,000 in rebuilding. Even the wages bill for the permanent way alone amounts to £26,000 a month. The repairs to the rolling stock are of course a serious item. To keep it up to the mark takes about £300,000 a year, of which £llO,OOO goes in wages. Railway carriages are not built for nothing, a third-class one is worth £6OO, and a first-class composite is worth £2OO more, of which half is spent below the floor. The labour item in these days of machinery is very small, for it averages barely £2O a vehicle, notwithstanding that a first-class carriage takes 16 coats of paint before it is fit for service. It would be a good thing if some othet companies we know would imitate the London and North-Western—even in the matter of paint !—" West- minster Gazette."

===== 0002601_18951207_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
DE iall.

Verses suggested by the accidental death of Percy Gandy, youngest son of a widely-known and respected local townsman.

0 what a fragile thing is life, A span at most cf some few years ; A dream that fades in calm or strife, And dies in sunshine or in tears ! Childhood and youth, and bending age, Alike obey death's solemn call : And when they quit this earthly stage The open grave receives them all. What anguished thoughts our bosoms swell, What blinding tears will pity move, When in its dark and narrow cell We lay some dear one that we love. How vain are human comforts then To soothe the heart bereaved and lone! And vainer still the dreams of men To solve death's problem still unknown ! They say the dead are all alive. (A contradiction surely this :) That some in endless woe survive, While others share eternal bliss. But who from heaven e'er came to tell That mortal men in inhabit there: Has ever soul emerged from hell To voice its anguish and despair? No, no; the dead are in the grave Their final goal on nature's breast: Poor mariners tossed on life's rough wave, Their haven is eternal rest. There life and all its troubles cease, The brief and fevered dream is over: And there, in everlasting peace, The dead seem laid to rise no more. What lies beyond their dread abode We know not, and may never know; The secret still is hid with God, To whom our life and all we owe. 0 then be ours, in lowly trust, To wait the workings of His will: Assured that all our kindred dust Is compass'd with His mercy still! J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

THE PORT OF MANCHESTER: LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC. __

_ During the seven days ended Friday, November 29,93 seagoing vessels, with an aggregate net registered tonn- age of 32,488 tons, arrived at and sailed from the vari- ous docks, wharves, kc., on the Ship Canal, as against 139 vessels of 40,088 tons during the previous week. The coastwise trade was represented by 82 vessels of 11,974 tons, agoinst 100 vessels of 18,343 tons, and foreign traffic by 31 vessels of 20,514 tons, against 39 vessels of 21,743 tons. Fifteen general cargoes were imported, seven of wood-pulp timber, ikc., from the Baltic, six of slate, stone, kc., three of green fruit from Spain, three of pig-iron, and one of iron ore. Amongst the exports were twenty-one cargoes of general merchandise, four of coal, two of salt, and one of pitch. At the present time in addition to the numerous regular liners, there are bound and fixed for Manchester from foreign ports ten steamers with green fruit, seven with wood-pulp, five sailing ships with logwood, four steamers with cotton. four sailing ships, and two steamers with tin-iber, two steamers with iron ore, a steamer with bauxite, and a barque with fustic.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUSTRALIAN TRADE.

The Government of Victoria has deputed Mr. James Sinclair, who recently visited the United States on behalf of the Minister of Acriculture, to represent the depart- ment in England this winter. He will make inquiries into the condition in which Australian butter, poultry, and rabbits have been landed in London by the mail steamers and the manner in which they are placed on the market, and will report on the arrangements pre- vailing in the Danish butter trade. He is also to investi- gate the conditions of the meat trade, and to make ar- rangements for the disposal of a largo crop of fruit— principally pears and apples—which will come into mar- kets from large plantations which are " coming into bearing" next teason. Mr. Sinclair will, according to the " Melbourne Argus," visit Manchester and other large centres of population with a view of opening up direct shipments.

A PILOTS' HOUSE AT EASTHAM LOCKS. By the joint action of the. Ship Canal authorities and the Mersey Thcks and Harbour Board a room in the Customs' building at Eastham has been set apart and furnished for the accommodation of sea-pilots awaiting the arrival of outward-bound vessels from Manchester. Ships coming down the canal in charge of Upper Mersey or Ship Canal pilots are boarded by the Liverpool bar pilots at Eastham locks, and it , has not unfrequently happened that these men have been kept waiting all night for vessels delayed in the canal. The action of the authorities in providing a comfortable shel- ter will, therefore, be keenly appreciated, particularly in tho winter months.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLISIONS AT RUNCORN AND SALTPORT•

On Friday morning last, a collision eccurred on the Ship Canal near the Brigdewater Leek, Runcorn. The steamer Ask, proceeding to Manchester, was trying to keep out of the way of a steamer coming in the opposite direction when she ran into the flat Fanny, alongside the canal wall. The force of the impact was such that the flat's starboard side was considerably damaged. In the afternoon of the same day.the steamer Faedrelandet, when passing Saltport on her way to Manchester, callided with two timber barges lying alongside a Nor- wegian barque. One of them belonged to the Ship Canal and the other to Messrs. Bate of R ancorn. Both vessels were seriously damaged.

A. LANDL lltD AND HIS TENANT.

CLAIM FOR RENT.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, William Rostock, builder, Brockton Heath, sued J no Thomas Rowlands Bewsey-street superi itendent of the Warrington district of the Prudential Assurance Company, for £4 7s. 6d. in lieu of noti. e to leave a house belonging to the plaintiff, in Stockton Heath. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, and Mr. Percy Davies for the defendant. Mr. Browne said that Mr. Rowlands Came to be the superintendent of the prudent' 1 Assurance Company in Warrington, on Januar% 4.11. 1895, and on that date, he came to Mr. B,stock inquirint about a house. He was shown through a house itiiewn as Sunny-side in Stockton Heath, and Mr. Rostock asked £25 a year for it. Mr. Rowlands said this was too much and offered £2O, saying that he would be is Warrington for three years. Mr. Rostock said he would cc nsult his son, who managed the property and pr milked to let Mr. R ierlamis known very soon. The next mornine. Mr. Rs wlands who at that time lived at Shrewsbury, sent a letter saying he would take the heuse at a yearly ren'al of £2O, and asked for the key. Mr. Rowlands afterwards c.me into the house, and on April 15th, he cone to pas. £5 for a Quarter's rent, at the same time giving a quarter's notice to leave. Mr. Rostock refused to take the notice as he said that the house was taken on a yearly rental. Mr. Rowlands kept in the house under protest until July 15th, when he paid his quarter's rent, and then gave a six month'S notice to quit which would terminate in January 1896. Mr. Rowlands at that time contended that only three month's notice was requisite, and only gave the six months notice under pretest. William Rostock, the plaintiff, corroborated the state- ment of his solicitors. He addei that defendant com- plained that the other persons in the houses adjoining only paid £l9 10s. per annum, and witness, therefore, agreed to allow the defendant to have the house on those terms. On the following July the defendant gave a six months' notice.—Cross-examined : Defendant never said the house was too small for his family, and that he only took the house temporarily. The house waS not taken at three months' notice and three months' rent. No one ever complained that witness had stolen a tempor- ary receipt which showed that the house was subject to a quarter's notice. John Rostock said that he manage -1 his father's pro- perty. He corroborated his fathers' statement.—Cross examined He never agreed that there was to be a quarterly tenancy of the house on any occasion. He did not tear up a temporary receipt which had been given to Mr. Rowland, . Miss Rowlands burnt that. Fanny Rostock said that when the defendant brought the first rent, she gave him a temporary receipt. He also gave a quarter's notice, which her father objected to as defendant was a yearly tenant. _ .

Annie Bostock iave.simikr evidence. John Thomas Rowlands, Bewsey-st., said that in Jan- uary of this year, he was appointed Superintendent of the Prudential Assurance Company, Warrington district. When he took the house belonging to Mr. postock, a quarter's rent and a quarter's notice was agreed upon. He denied that any receipt was ever burnt by his daughter. Further evidence having been given, Mr. Davies contended that the terms were agreed upon. for si quarter's notice. His Honour, however, held that the evidence showed that the house was taken on a yearly tenancy, and he gave judgment for the plaintiff.

It 13 announced that the Anti-Gambling League have decided not to take further proceedings witk regard to the affidavits of the Newmarket magistrates commented an by Mr. Justice Wright in his judgment of the hear- ing of the application for a mandamus.

PPi'9 COCOA.—GRLTEFUL AND COMFORTING.—" By a rough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the erations of dig -stion and nutrition, and by a carefal ~ppliefition of the fine properties of well-selected Coco.a, Mr. Epps has provided tor our br -akfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage wli eh may save us many heavy doctors' bills, It Is by the judimoux use of six h articles of diet thats constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves wel, fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—Cieil Service Gazette.— Made simply wlth bulling water or milk.—Sold only ha packets aud pound tins by fir eers label! d—" JAMES EPPS & Co., Ltd., Homceopathic Chemists, London."—Also makers of Epps's Cocostae or Cocoa-Nib Extract: A thin beverage of full flavour nsw wi( Is many beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant. supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the sysi em.

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE it a guano' teed cure for all Blood ,ini Skin Dise,ses. It is the moat searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs. Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes —Adrt. (1)

, , • • ;

===== 0002601_18951207_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
h../tano J°` h

OWE EASE AND 01. i 41001,11' DURING. TEETHING. Plestant, Cooling Aperient or Children of all Ages. Try them aim pi-ove their value or yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, ls. lid. and 2. 91., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from note Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. cHEALST. CHEA.DLE, MANCHESTER.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE, IN VAL LTA BLI4 FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS &ASTHMA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives iqstant relief iq Coqsumption Diarrkes, &o. Towle's Cholorodyne. 4EI, for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

4c,6f-oA,-(- OCKATOO i . , e' ,'‘‘7," 74--vpS OAP

"""The most marvellous soap of the age'for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic, Non-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves bluelng. Cures Rheumatism. Refreshes the 'kin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington N.B. PRRCIV aL and Co. Sole Maker, F. L. BARU:MT Keynshs.m, Bristol."

===== 0002601_18951207_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
'What'll she like best?'

" I want to give her a Ettle treat for Christmas or New Year's Day' and I wonder what she will like." This happy and vod-natured wish is in a multitude of generous minds, just now. Well, we know she dearly loves a little Caddy of Brooke Bond's Delicious Teas, and we can assure you that for onlr a very few shill- ings spent cheerfully on one of BROOKE, BONDS' CELEBRLTED CHRISTMAS CANISTERS, you will give her the greatest treat and gratify her better than any other way. SO. just go, now, before you forget it, to any one of OUR i nTgH tOoUbs be sent 00: ChristmasA OES an Ed voerodre rfoornNe eowf tlh.emf fol- lowing l- Day. Then you will realise what a good, kind deed you've done, and you'll deserve the good luck it Will bring yon. 31b. CANISTER OF MOST APMIRABLE TEA, 55. 3 „ Of MOST DESIRABLE 6s. 3 MOST SUMPTUOUS ~78, 615. MOST ADMIRABLE „ 10s, 6 ~ MOST DESIRABLE ~ 12s. 6 ~ MOST SUMPTUOUS „ 14s. b carriage-paid by us on 61bs arfd"Pl:siarzdesd , y Parcels,r a" or post, to anV address in the Kingdom. Any of our ct lebrattA Teas at any of the well- known prices : is.. Is 2d.. is 44., is. 13d.. 28..2e. 4d. and 2s. 84. a lb., packed by usin a canisters, and boxes, are most highly appreciated

CHRISTMAS GIFTS:

===== 0002601_18951207_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17. PICCADILLY, 29. MARKET STREET MINCRESTER.

,

===== 0002601_18951207_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
;Ebt " Craintntr " Rpirtes.

PREPAID ADV b.V.TISEMENTS. coming under rb oiluwing dean ire Ingerted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ola CEARZiI-l. S 3 per seals given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTM EN TO HE LET. ITU AT lONS VACANT, PARTNCRSKII Wa3, ED. APARTMENTS WANTED, MONET W ANTED, PEcrric ARTICLES FOB SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MISCELLANEoDS WANTS. ROUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Titre° Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. Der insertion.

130111tait ettnalltZ, SZt., - WANTED General SERVANT able to w good home. —B. WHITTAKER. 144, Market-st. Liroyladen. WANTED, a GENERAL charact-s7 requirod.—Apply GREENHALGH GROVE, 5 9. Rochdale-road, Manchester.

SITUATION wanted as 110UqFKIIEPER or NURSE to an invalid, age 40 Apply 62, DELLMORP-ST , Kirkdale, Liverpool.

W ANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, one accustomed ch;ldren.—Apply Mns BAKER, 2.,7, hlce Lane, Walton, Liverpool.

S° QTRONG GIRL Wanted for housework s bout 15. Good home for good girl.— 44, Flumes PARK-ROAD, Bea- -wick. Manehoster.

WANLERDN,sogNoo. d,GhrEoNpeßhßirAeLt3izistterdyatBTheece.,lsT3)plyelkrelarst Daele-et., Strangeways.

WANVIL, good GRNETIAL, Able to wash, two in fsmily Good h PENDLEBURY, 92, Embden-st. Halm., Manchester.

:„...IhliVAisTS with g ori retrremce WANTND, for ail kiwis o situstiOnsi good waive; no chazge till tnited.--Exoni- TRY, Church-at , Fgrrmont.

WANTFTS. nice respectab'e Young Person, as SNPBAL SV'L fur two ladies.—Athiress G., Croft's Bank it 084 i, Urmston.

ALL CLASSES Superior Servants requiring reliable .13.. SITUATIONS for New Ye..r should write, Mrs. hn.sn's Select Registry, Rusbo'me, Manchester.

WANTED, Odor! GYNERAL SERVANT. two in family, ego to wadi, good reference.—Address 53, S'ISvEN- STREET, Stretford.

GEINBI4AL WANIBD ; homely ca reon ; who can do the washirg ironing, and he generally use•ul ; permanent situation. --Cottam. Car Proprie or, Gerston, Liverpool.

WANTED. an exnerie• red NURSE. age 25, vitt ng to do a little light housework. Also a thorough G N HUAI. —Addres. H XSTEAD. Chor ardy, Manchester.

fIOMPORrABLP; iMie for midale-tged Woman rs •k) COOK GRNERAL, whete boy is kept; only two t./ faultily. For particulars apply Mrs. MANT.PN, South Parade, Wakefield. .

C- --.---- - OORS. HOVSE MAIDS, PARLOUR-31A I DR, and superior 1311(IlIBRAL5 may De stilled immediately. Miss - HUDSON'S Registry, Irlain-street, Warrington. References required.

M AL:It r entd FLEi .MALEco "ERs Stall slirl •-dT I 1T81771 OFVo ,r ;H 70elioable tendants eni at,Medics] and /e ontbl3 Nurses. Massage. apply or telegr ph.—•• r urges," I lverpool, J elephone 570

Manteb.

DEWS BOUGHT, cash down, or collected on commission. —BAILEY, SorPoovand Co 62, Dale-street, Liver:a:kJ. ACINNTB WANTBD to posh first-class 31-chinery Oils. Liberal Comnals:ion.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

•lATANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 " stamps for Certain cure. J. Asgwoßru, litato _

tiOrley

USINESS WANTBD.—Wante4 Small Public Inn or Beer Rouse. must bear investig,tion.—A. H EWITT, 15, Valetta ()Iwo. Pleistow, London B.

OBCCirillSsurnmeneing; I I'd. Guide and Catabilue (259 pages) 3d.—ToßaCnoal3Te GIITI'/TTIAI CO., 186, Ruston-rotd L0r141., mt. 1868 ; Marv.ger, Hy. MYERS.

DANK NOTES WANTI,D. Purcha.e or exchange old A/ Notes of Country Bankers send on approval,' with -price.—MAßlALx PHILLIPS, Bank of England, New- castle. WA.NT.

POST AGA STAMPS.—A I'ED to purchase an cild7col- le ction cf loore varieties. high urices paid du ,linate alto for sale or exchange.-I.pw.s.an W. DRURY, WesthOlme Hessle, Yorks.

fraa TEA ! ! TEA !! ! WANTED, revponsible AGENTS t, push the celebrated EBYS ONE IEAs, in town and conntrv.—Apply YLENTER. 67 Brook-st., Kennington, London, E.

A GIOITS WANTS° throughout th, Unaed kingdom to s,llan attlele ht daily demand ; salary 1.13 mmthly and commission; samples free. —Address FULLER, 9 Iloraee- - road, Forest Gate, London. . "

IVANTRD to buy a good, subst.ntial GROCERY, , BITS, NUSS. with or wthout thit.ioor License. in or around Warrington. Must show good turnover, hnd bear strictest investheation. —Address In first instance tali. S. Examiner Unice, Warringtm.

QITUATION WANTED.—Wanted MANAGEMENT of 1.._7 COFFEE TAVERN or CLUR by MARRIED COUPLE, well up in every branch (or would rent). one let-down or clewed crsferred —J. H HARDING, 56, Russell-street, I are- rosd, Plaistow, London E.

7 ANTED, a few smart Men of unquestionable character V and ability, for a leading infliontial Life assurance Oftbe. To men who can ehow a good record. wil: b liberally dealt with.—Apply lay letter, enclosing copy of testimonials (which will be treatel .s confidential), " District ,11a.tiager,' .iflghlield, Radcliffe. Mane eater,

D!. J. COLLIS BILUWNt;''S CHLORODYNu. • THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNS is admitted by tbe Profession ti-, be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis • coverad. niILORODYNE ifi- the host, remedy Iciiremn for lift toi. 7fi_Jl. Coughs, CoIRII y. mption,Bronch,ltc las.d Asthma. s•: -3 Otti/lyti.Pl tilectually cifecks and ifrests ' )4. too often fatal dls! ases.—Diphtheria, Fever, • -.I w, gUe. • , CEILOO.ODYNE acts like a chntm in Dieftikcoa • and is the oniy specific in cholera and DsuntePli: • 44.21RLORODYNP.: rffeckusilv eat sThort .alt attacks : of Bpi' psy Hysteria, Palpitation, and zipasms. CHLORoDYNK is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism. Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Aleuin-

gitis. &C. From Dr. P. S. BotrLION and Co., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Cblorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it ',is an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irri- a tion in wha ever organ. and from whate,er cause. It indiries a feeli.4 44 comfort and quietude not obtalual)4o, Tother remedy! and Mit seems possess this great ad v r.r all otheritreillatlives; that it leaves no no plrarrnt a r ts. " Earl Unseen cGmmanicnted to the College of Physicians' 1,44 Mt Teeetvea a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Mani tit, to the effect that' holera had been raging fearfully, *tat ti. InSILT remedy of any se,rice was CkILORO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December, 1864. CAJJTION.— . Bill TV AR OF' Piaricy •A.Zip -IM I - . . TATIONS. . CAuTtox.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Wool) stated that ' Dr. J. COLLIS iritOWNE was. undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant Ellf, was d.liberately untrue. which he regretted to say. been sworn to.--See limes. 13th idly, 1164. ..eottt in bottles at Is 10., 2s. 9d., aud 4s. 61. None 1, e without the words "DR. J. COLLI3 BROW N113'.1 CAT rIXDAN_" qua the Uovernment Stamp. Overwhelm- Mcmeal tlestAirty accorn C.autcs each bottle. . 1'.16 W.FinrcluEas.--4:- T.-DA.VESPOICT, 33, Great ill&sesktry, tont-ion. •

MAI strP

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case 171_ guaranteed to remnve the most OBSTINATE SAM iTRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in IZ hours, ARMLESS . Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible **ad stamped eiivelope tor PARTICULARS. TB:ITU TMONIALS. and ADVICE Ours is the most POWERFUL and SThONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single eas, has it 'ever failed—even in the mut lengatandieg, intriente. end 41agerthg eases. Post., free. wider cover. with written itusiantee of cure, ss. (Eve, shillings).—Mrs. W. E. AtACKENZIE. Trafrord Hoare. 83. Dawes-road. Fulham. _Loz3dofl. Mentiou paper.

Putttiro, Szt.

11BEGULT1 Y and PIGEON PENS for Sale or hi•n ; also ,-Iptrpauliaia, rick covers, marquees, tents, 'Sags, sh,hts. - JOif#,TILLN JONES, Swansea.

WW to laistlh 1,000 CHIOKISN3 for 35.; gre‘t success, practical inf.-nnstion, 16.—H. LEWIS, 29, Winchester- *Vett, Pimlico, London.

..LpOLDEN'S ROUP PILLS cure Disease in Poultry. Pheasants, and Pigeoos; post free, 9.15 or 21 stamps. No advertising cram. MAIM+. Chemist. Barnsley.

I' NNS? oe" Ck At oot Heath," CE Half LpSri zaetstßraliCnHbiArdltsDf roßmATßlultliteTtid'Ss: Hopkins and Hunters, good birds, inspection invited

P— OULTRY.—For sale grand Plymou h Rock. G, hien Wyandotte and B ack Minorca Cm.kerels, and Pallets bred from winners at all leading shows. from 5. 61. rallies, 'Ti. 6d. Cockerels, cash with order.—Wiarrowmf, Hardy Cottage, Poultry Farm, Bootle, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE,

33, MARKET-STREET, I.* EARLBSTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of new and Second-hand Boo',:s always in Stock.

liatsttUantous.

LII_ItAND VIOLIN, very sweet Payments taken. VA tone. Quly out this week. 10S. 6D. Price only

BDBASE; PLATBS, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &C.---RitaßLEs R. BALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

T IVBR PiLLS, A late eminent physician's prescrp- Li sent for 7d.— B. BRETT, 40 Orosvenor Park,London 8.8.

lAN SALE, MANURB WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works ./ and Cotton Mill. Derbyslaire.—Apply to J. Hesime, 16, Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

PPOTATOES, good, 23, 64. cwt.; ditto extra selected 35., on rad ; cash with order.—Wantaaft, Lofts Farm, Near Malden. Essex.

100 BUSINBSB CALMS, Visithrg Cards, Memorandums or Billheads for Is. 2d. Please write for speci- inens.—Joux ()ammo), Printer. Keighley.

LIRETWORK TOOLS, cheapest anywhere, siws Id. dozen ; 1 wood 3d. foot; pattenas id. eseb ; frames 6th each, list free.—bYEß, Wilson-st., Finsbury, London.

OR"RIDS, cheap, wen grown. drirlogyne Tristata, pushing flower spikes And other showy isinds.—Apply READ GARDKNER, npetchley, Bitterne, Southampton.

TO SALE, 5 HOUSES,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War 1. tington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Applq J. LONOWD, Solicitor, Union-3t., Warrington.

DlLES.—Bodelfs Patent Ointmeat Cures all outward Piles In 2or 3 days. Post free,with testimonials is. 2d., only one trial solicited.—W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks.

LIGHT UP TUE liOMIS, with our Celebrated Electric Lights, compasing Lamp, Powerful ILtteries, wire, complete trom 2s. 9cl. List, stamp. linndreds soiaweekly.—S. alolaNweo.Chorlton-road. Manchester.

DAVIS has Gent's Gold Keyless LEVER, v.ith white dial, crystal glass, and all recent Improvements, £3 2s. 6d.; five years' warranty.

DAVIS has Exceptionally Fine Single-stone Diamond RING, guaranteed perfect, £lO 155.; can be valued.

D'DAVIS has New 18-carat Gold Keyless English CENTRE- -1-f SECONDS HUNTER, cost over £2O recently, £l2 10s.; 10 years' *warranty.

DAVIS has Four Silver and Cut-glass SALT CELLARS and SPOONS. in Case, 355.; also Four Solid Silver Serviette RINGS, 301.

DANIS has Forfeited Handsome Double Half-hoop RING, six genuine diamonds and six rubies, £.3 lbs.; half original cost.—DivlC, 99. Strangeways, Manchester.

Two Hundred Tons of ALINURB for Sale.—Apply J. W. 1. GRIFFIN, Cattle Station, Blackstone-street, Liverpool.

CIIIP POTATOBS, Cooked Meats, and Tripe SCSINBSS for Sale; good living; cleanliness eseential.—Apply 89. EA.RLE ROAD, Liverpool.

UDR SALE s'lo 18-gallon BEER BARRELS, also 500 9- 12 gallon —Apply COOPERAGE, 40, liew-st,, Wellington, Salop.

WINTER llGGS.—Grand recipe, start hens laying lin coldest weather 7d.--7.ERIPWORTH, 7, Market-place, Lonths,Llnes. •

QUPTERE-12 S from Indigestion, Nervous Weakness, 3cc Bend stamped envelope to Mr. JARDLTE, Stoneyrock, Leeds, for one week's free treatment of Zephodena.

15 PE ft CENT. to Pasties calling upon Users of STEAM POWSR.—Address " On." care of LEE &lad NIGHT- INGALE, Liyerpool.

CHAPPED HANDS and CHILBLAINS cured with •• Anti- Rough " ; marvellous remedy; send 12 stamps for bottle to MACAULAY, Chemist, Ainwiek. x _

JRON TANK, 18ft. 51n. by sft. 41n. by sft. Sin., in ?.5 seg- ments, in good condition ; owners having no further need of it.—On view at ELLIes, 29, Seel-street, Liverpool.

Iftatrtmonp.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY.

GRANTS 'MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY,

Have you ever tasted this delicious liquor, which is made .fmm the famous Kent Morellos ? QUEEN'S QUALITY FOR GENERAL USE. GOOD TONIC. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY FOR EXRRCISE IN TaE OPEN AIR. SOLD EVERYWHERE.

Ask for GRANT'S and don't he put off with inferior makes. TILOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

DR. SCOTT'S _PILLS,.

prepared without Mercury are ;nvaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLALNTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS,

-as ft GENERAL FAMILY AP :EIENY MEDICINE nave no equal, -being mild 'll their operat'on and grateful to the stomach. They give a hettlthy tone and vigour to the different s zretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume the'r activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting 'digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, -ahould be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort -to on any sliht c:leasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach. Liver and Bowelv, many a severe illness is 'avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proptietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- Incur Place, London. W. Be post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, , 'IRE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT

371 BRIDE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

For the Sale of the Celebrated

'GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and

•SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town In Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE.

10 war 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

Jr is now generally expected that Subsidising the Landlords. one of the first attempts at legis- lation by the present Govern- ment will be in the direction of relieving the landed interest "—in other words, the landlords. 'This relief will, it is believed, be given in the shape of an imperial grant in aid of local rates from the large surplus which it is probable the CHANCELLOR of the ExcneouEß will have in his possessical at the end of the fieancial year. This is the Tory way of attempting to cure the agricul- tural depression which they say is mostly due to foreign competition. That it is an entirely wrong - will be the opinion of almost everybody who has given an unbiassed consideration to the land question. It will indeed be no cure at all, or at most a cure of the most partial and temporary character. It will certainly be a boon for the land- lords, as by relieving the rates of the tenant farmers it may for a time lessen the urgency of the cry for a reduction of rents. But from the point of view of the national welfare the landlords aro the last party which should be considered. They base their claims for imperial subsidies on the ground that the system of free imports is depre- ciating the value of their land, but they ; altogether ignore the fact that under Free Trade rents have been raised to an enormous extent. It was estimated by the late Sir JAMES CALEB, who was a very competent authority, that in the first 30 _years after.the introduction of Free Trade the "value of agricultural land in this country increased by no less an amount than 300,000,000. The , landlords have in the past had 1l the benefit of this immense growth of value. When rents were rapidly increasing it was not even whispered that I the State was entitled to any share of the unearned increment." Such a suggestion would, I have been in the opinion of such Tories as the MARQUIS of SALISBURY, an incitement to epoliation and robbery. Yet the Tories of to-day have accepted the doctrine that while landlords , may themselves enjoy all the increases of rent, they t• are entitled to State subsidies when rents begin A to decline. It is a monstrous doctrine, but mon- strous as it is, there is a concensus of opinion that it will be embodied in legislative proposals almost ILS soon as Parliament meets. We do not wish to deny that the agricultural industry -of Great Britain is far from being in the healthy end prosperous condition that it ought to be in considering the inexhaustible market for agricul- tural produce there is close at hand. The reason why it is not prosperous might well be the subject of an all-round and exhaustive inquiry . • But that inquiry would not be instituted by the Tory party, for the simple rea- ason that all such inquiries tend to bring out in • the clearest colours the fact that the decadence of agriculture is due to a land system which has been formed by the landlords in 'the past and is main- tained by the friends of landlords to-day. This N system has not been framed with a view to the : greatest good of the greatest number, but with the object of maintaining and strengthening a caste of landowners. The system is breaking down under • the strain of modern development and the corn- ' • petition of British colonies and other countries 1 whose agriculturists are not shackled and obstructed as those of England are. The projected subsidies will do little or nothing to counteract the forces which are gradually evolving a new and better land system, though they will put a few *millions, more or less, into the pockets of the 'landlords, and that, after all, seems to be the chief elm of the agrarian policy of the Tory party in England just as it was and is in heland.

".!. 'way

Ma. JOHN- MORLEY made an in- Mr. Morley at teresting and useful speech on Newcastle. political questions in his old con- I.* , 4stituency of Newcastle on Monday. He is not one of those impetuous politicians who think that both the Liberal party and the programme of reforms to which it has set its hand were swept ~, out of existence at the last election. Nor does he 'think that the party has anything to recant. There is always a tendency after a defeat, politi- cal or otherwise, to find -a scapegoat, and there has been no departure from the rule in connection with the election of this year. In the opinion ot some the Local Veto Bill was the cause of the disaster; according to others disestablishment or ,some other measure which the Liberal Govern- ment had undertaken was the culpable cause.

But, after all, these arc rather bootless contro- versies. The Liberal party is the great instru- inent of progress in this country, and as such it is the medium through which progressive people seek to effect their objects. All the - questions which the late Government attempted to legislate upon were living questions which, 41a Mr. MORLEY said, the Liberal Govern

-

. ~. .... , , ~ ~•,, , .. ~ - , , ,• , t ill .. •„. , .. • , .. , ~

I

===== 0002601_18951207_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
sl.llorellantatts.

DAVIS, Pawnbroker, 99, Strangeways, Manchester, has Forfeited 5-stone Diamond RING, 18-carat gipsy- set ling, £3 35.. cost double.

ME EXAMINER. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1895.

ales

===== 0002601_18951207_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MB. WALLIAM ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAF HEAR.

Deafness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AURILINE ESSENCE " after all else has failed. The most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Poet free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.—THE MACKEY REIM HDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.—Beware of injuri- ous instruments and other appliances.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
fliontp.

Ea bt let.

PENSONS WANTING HOUS'NS. SHOPS &c., in Blackl pool should write.—WILLIAM RAWSON. 15, Foxhal Square. Blackpool.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE _

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d.. 103., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRODILS A-ND BON. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18951207_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
21partment011furniglitti fOollStss, Scr.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
COL WYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

BILIGIITON, 117, Ilarine raracte. Visitors will find rest, %comfort, and pleasant society in this Geiutitul house teeing the sea.—Address UPT. X

BLAOKPOOL.—Perzons recruiting health, comfortable APARTMENTS ; reduced wiuter term& ; bath, piano.— MRS. BALL, 49, Woodfield-road, South Shore.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
f'IO3IFORTABLE LODGINGS for one or two single young men.—Apply Mrs. IiESKIN. Forster-street, off Wiuw iek road, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
fllttistral ingtruments.

Eibetork, Bcr.

FllO BB SOLD, cheap, COB, warranted a good worker; I, also small stiff cAlitr, a bargain.--17, CRO6FIELD-ROAD, Rdgebill, Liverpool.

FIRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. St W. SKELION LTD. WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORSEMARKET- STRaET, adjoining the late premises. where all orders and Inquiries will be promptly attended to.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
S UPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by all the noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions, hotels, offices, private houses ot every description, and which undergo a thorough examination and ate placed in condition equal to new. I may here remark that the stock I offer is considerab y larger than at any other house in the city, and is net being placed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am pleased to state that in consequence of the great increase in my trade, and the large number cf orders I have to deliver every week, I find it ab- solutely necessary and therefore decided to make extensive alterations which willincur an outlay of some hundreds of pounds. And have arranged with the contractors to clear the showrooms previdirs to the workmen commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I have decided to give soy cus- tomers the benefit of the enormous reductions rather than store the stock, which embraces furniture of every descrip- tion ; in fact, such an assortment of bedroom suites, dining- room sillies, drawing-room suites, office furniture, bookcases. desks, sideboards, dinner waggons. cabinets, overmantels, davenports, card, work end fancy tables, carpets, rugs, bed- steads, bedding, fender, pianos, and every article for com- pletely furnishing the mansion or cottage. Can nowhere toe seen except at GERSHON'S Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed. which will consist of

NEW OFFICES, NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employee,

NEW REFRESHMENT-ROOM for convenience of customers NEW CARPET SALOON, NEW SHOWROOMS; And other internal Alterations, all local and outside shops I will sink to insignificance.

HR following will convey but a faint idea of the Mar- l_ vellous Bargains on v,ew, any of which may be stored free of charge till required. TERMS i,F BUSINESS MIRING THE SALE.

GOODS EXCHANGED IF NOT SATISFACTO}iY. EXPERIENCED MEN SENT TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE.

CARPETS MADE FREE.

- LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS FOR CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS.

And, lastly, if you purchase on my Deferred Payment System I Charge a Simple Five per Cent Eat a. Every customer attended to by a member of the firm, which prevents the annoyance of a salesman who charges high prices In order to make a big commission.. _ .

Bankers—Ranchester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Universal," Manchester.

J)URING the Sale, Magnificent Solid Oak DINING- ROOM SUITE, comprising a grand couch, two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back ehairs,all in splendid condition, not soled; originally cost £55, sale price figs. Grand Sidebolrd to match, 7gs., worth £4O; Dining Table to match. 635.

In addition to above, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, over 200, with Sideboards, Dining Tables, and Overmantels to match. An inspection will prove the fact that nowhere can such an assortment be seen except at GERSHON'S, the Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street, next to the Adelphi Bank, Man- chester. Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment system for a einnrle five per cent extra added to invoice. SATTENTIuN to Lot 166, which lain Pollard Oak and without a doubt the best and handsomest lot in Manzhester. The Sideboard, which is Nt. long and very lofty, can only be described as simply magnificent and the most unique in design we have ever seen. The Suite of 12 small chairs (may Le had with a less number), two large Lounge Chairs, and large Couch, are all stuffed with hair and covered in morocco leather, guaranteed. The Dining-table, on carved supports, is very handsome, haying a number of loose leaves. We offer the lot for 145 gs. ; cost over £4OO. We may state that sgs. each will be allowed for any of the small chairs not required. We wish to impress upon the public that every lot advertised Is on our premises and hundreds of others. Remember address, GERSHON'S Old-established Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent, extra added to invoice. .

JOT 237 is in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. .1 consisting of half-dozen small chairs, two easy chairs, andcouch ; trice £25, reduced for the sale to £9 155., Side- board to match, with bevelled-glass back, a perfect beauty; sale price, £6 155.. usual price 12gs. Dining Table, 38s. 6d. Three other Suites in Saddle Bags, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, most charming and pleasing ; the wood work in these suites is American walnut, brown oak, and mahogany, and the pt ices are 18, 25, and 36gs. ; they each cost £lO, £l5, and £25 a suite more. Sideboards, Tables, and Overmantels to match, all on view in our showrooms. Hundreds of other Suites on view. Call and inspect for yourselves; you will not be un- duly pressed to buy. We have ho salesmen or walking. gen- tlemen who work for a commission. Every customer is attended to by a member of tha firm at GERSHON'S Univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to Ade'phi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only Rya per cent, extra added to invoice.

OT 97 is a Charming DINING-ROOM SUITE, in embossed ..L4 leather, very handsome and stylish, frame work beauti- fully carved; the six standard chairs have padded backs, the two easy chairs are large and comfortable, and the couch is most luxuriously upholstered. This suite is in solid American walnutwood and is suitabe for high-class dining-room. Usual price, 25;„5. ; sale price. 15gs. Another Suite, in Solid Mahogany. in good hard grain leather. Cromwellian style ; Bound in every respect ; not soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness ; only 9gs. Another in Walnut. covered in leather, reduced to sgs. Sideboard, to match, 423. ; table, 21s. These bargains are on offer during the sale and before alterations are commenced. Inspection invited. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. MUST CLEAT? PREVIOUS TO ALTERATIONS. LOT bus a BEDROOM SUITE. Those wishing to furnish a bedroom in high-class style and good taste should Inspect it, for style, workmanship, and design it cannot, be equalled, the massive large size wardrobe with two bevelled glass doors of rare brilliancy reaching from plinth to cornice ; the full-size pedestal. dressing table, double washstand to match, pedestal bedside cupboard, towel airer, and three chairs, the whole are in rosewood, richly Inlaid with tulip, boX, olive, and other rare woods. The cost of this noble Suite was £lOO. bole price 65gs. Another Suite in walnut cost £125 for 60gs ,and another In Spanish mahogany cost £55 for 27gs. Special attention is requested to Lots 6.7, Band 9, which are Suites in walnut, silver birch, mahogany, and ash, each Suite hasa large wardrobe, with tevelled glass door: dressing table with large is-yelled glass attached, supported by carved brackets restingon raised jewel drawers; it also forms a chest of drawers, being enclosed by four dray/Pre ; the large wash sfa-arl is 'also enclosed, and has a marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving glass above, towel rail, pedestal bedside cupboard, and three chairs. These suite are guaranteed solid, no veneer being used. Sale price, 15igs. Other suites smaller from £4 15s. Inspection Invited. Any of the above may be stored free of charge till required. GERSHON'S • NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-STREET (Next to Adelphl Bank), MANCPESTEH. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 per cent. extra added to Invoice.

MUST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such a chance seldom occurs.

BARGAINS• STUPENDOUS We now enter the Miscellaneous Department. Here we can inspect a splendid assortment of second-hand hair-seated Furniture. A first class solid mahogany sofa 50s„ cost pPr- haps £6 ; another less in size 38s. Spanish Mahogany conch. in hair seating, 478. ; ditto 635.. cost £6. Very fine solid Spanish m ihogany sofa. very heavy and massive. been re- uply,Mere cost when new £3. for four guineas. Others in American feather from 16s. Now we see over 50 pairs of easy chairs in stock. Several gents' easy chairs at 15s. each, mahogany easy chair. in hair. for 285.. cost 60s. Superior pair of k romwell easy chairs, large and masSive, cost £3, for tour guineas the pair. Nothing better can be made. Lady's rocking chair, in hair, 28s. A very large quantity of hal:- seated chairs from 53. each to 245. each. An enormous stook of kitchen furniture is here displayed at marvellously low prices. For an instance, strong kitchen chairs 2s. each,kitchen tables from 6s. 6d. each ; grind Spanish mahogany, dresser, with high carved back, cost TIC for 6 guineas ; another. cost £ll.frr 5 guineas ; painted dresser, with thick top, 28s. • another, very handsome high back, 60s. ; and others at all prices at GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL BURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-ST MARCH Ii STEIL (Neat to the Adelphi Bank.)

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH PONT MISS IT. Marvellous Complete House of Furniture for 24 guineas, or Five per Cent. Extra on my Deferred Payment System. CALL AND SRB IT. All Competitors stagger. Read it. See it.

NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture. which Includes dining-room, bedroom, kitchen, all bedding, blankets, sheets, pillow-cases carpets, floorcioths. fenders, tea and breakfast Bet curtains, and everything to make a nice home. Every article is guaranteed Others advertised a so-called house of furniture for a trifle less, I contend this lot is honeitly worth £lO more than those advertised by others. My price for the complete house is 24 guineas, or five p cent extra for credit—which means 255. more. You need nut be afreid to call and Inspect them. If they are not what you want, don't purchae).

GERSHON, next to the ADELPHI BANK, 44, OLDHAM-STREET.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BB CARhFIiL

QECOND-H AND FURNITURK la being advertised, nrid COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING SOLD. GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE.

TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.-1 CONTINUE TO pmr CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. FURNITURE TAKEN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASED.

NOT! ADIMESS— GERSII°C 'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING AR- Eia next to e Adelphi Bank, 44, OID th DHAM-SIRBIiT, MANG tiESTEII.

Marl Amp, sr., on Oalt.

FOR SALE, Baker's patent MANGLE, in good condition ; no reasonable offer refased.—Apply 2, PITT-STUrr, Chester.

AMERICAN LINE —SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every ViTED" N ESDA.Y.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=I

===== 0002601_18951207_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURRA Y, DECEMBER 7. 1895.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MEMORIAL SERVICES.

At Ellesmere•st. Chapel, on Sunday,memciial services were held, and sermons preached by the Rev. John Stafford, pastor. In the morning he spoke of the death of the Rev. Peter Mackenzie, who bad done a great and important work among the Wesleyan body, and in the evening he alluded to the late Mr. Rot 2rt Hoyle and Mr. Charles Johnson, both of whom died at Runcorn at the age of 73 years. CHRISTMAS, 1895.—F0r Chritmas Preents or any other Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DKBERT S, 10, CHURCII-STREEx, LIVERPOOL, where you can get hundreds of articles such as Wallhes, Clocks, Jewellery, Elcctro-Plate, Cutlery, Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. 6ee advertisement (Illustrated Chron-,rapti Watch, 6s. 11d., et.l.), on p.ge 7 of this Pape. A TICKET OF LEAVE MAN.

At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning before Messrs. James Handley, P. Speakman and E. Imison, a boatman, named Joseph Yates, of no address, a ticket- of-leave man, was charged with failing to report him- self to the police and notifying his place of abode. The prisoner had bean arrested by the Manchester police the previous morning at eight o'clock. sergeant Gill proved the charge as to the prisoner not reporting himself. The magistrates committed him to gaol for seven days.

Loss OF A RUNCORN SCHOONER.—TIIREE LIVES LOST. Thomas Kinsman, mate of the Lancaster schooner Joseph, with coal trom Runcorn to Flushing, has ttle- graphed from London to his relations near Falmouth, than the schooner sank off the Lizird, and that Captain George Worth and an ordinary seaman, both belonging to Cornwall, and an Irish seaman were drowned. The Joseph was seen by two schooners beating astern of them round the Lizard on Sunday morning, and it was noticed that some of her sails were gone. It is supposed that Kinsman Wr9 rescued and conveyed to Lonuon by a passing steamer.

CAMDEN FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY. As will be seen trom an auvertiseinent, the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Anniversary at Camden Chapel will be held on Sunday. Sister Annie will conduct a serv:i in the afternoon, and in the evening, the Rev. T. Brackenbury will preach. On Tuesday, the annual meeting will be held when the chair will L taken by Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.O. An addr s will be de- livered by the Rev. A. W. Hall, late missionary on the West Coat of Africa, on the subject " Mission work in the land of death." A number of curioAties • will be exhibited, including an Arab and Fantee dress. Mr. J. Robinson will give aa exhibition of slides illustrative oh Foreign Missionary work.

NrtRINERS' CHURCH, RUNCORN. In connection with this church an entertainment was given on Monday evening, and was largely attended. Mr. Matthew Sweetman occupied the chair and delivered a brief address. The programme was of a most interest- ing character, and included tongs by Mr. Stansley. of Widnes, Miss Maggie Hill, Miss A. Dunning, Miss Nellie Fenwick and Mr. Williamson. Mr. Hulse and Miss Turner recited, and Mr. Thomas Sweetinan gave a read- ing. Mr. Gardner performed an organ voluntary. An interesting item was the piccolo and organ duet entitled "Gloria," by Mr. Mack, and Mr. Crossley. The usual vote of thanks brought an enjoyable evening's entertain- ment to a close. THE THEFT OF A COAT AT RUNCORN.

j Elizabeth Ann Martin, a girl residing at Runcorn, was brought before the magistrates at the jßuncorn Police Court, on Wednesday morning, charged on remand with stealing a coat value 10s. ed. from the !front of the shop of Mr. Lightfoot, High-street,Runcorn, and also with doing damage in the police cell by break- ing the windows. The evidence was published in our last issue. She was then remanded to linutsford for a week in order that some of her parents might be present. j Her father now appeared, and the magistrates bound the girl over to come up for judgment when called upon. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY AT RUNCORN. Mr. W. J. F. Clerke, C.E., an inspector of the Local Government Board held an inquiry at Runcorn Town Hall on Tuesday morning with respect to the applica- tion of the Urban District Council for sanction to borrow £660 for the purpose of water supply. There were pre- I sent Messrs. James Pritchard and John Wilson (chair- man and vice-chairman of the Water Committee), F. A. Lake (law clerk),E. Marshall (secretary), M. Barker and James Wilding (surveyors). It was explained that the loan was required for the extension of mains in Norman- road and Heath-road, for the purchase of several Deacon Waste Water detection meters,an indicator for the reser- voir, &c. The proceedings were of a formal nature and the inspector having paid a visit to the reservoir, promised that he would report in due course. PROPOSED TESTIMONIAL TO SUPERINTENDENT ATHERTON.

As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, it is proposed ta present Superintendent Ather- ton with a testimonial on his retirement from the 1 Cheshire County Constabulary. It is felt that Superin- tendent Athertcn's long and meritorious career deserves recognition, not only from the inhabitants of Runcorn, which is his native town, but also from the people of the wider area over which he has had charge during the last years of his active and efficient service. The testi- monial will be et a suitable character, and due intima- tion of its presentation will be given to subscribers. Mr. Francis Wiswall. C.E.,is chairman of the committee,and Mr. J. B. Rolland, manager of the Runcorn branch of Parr's and the Alliance Bank, Limited, has kindly con- sented to act as treasurer of the fund. The subscription list will close on the 14th ult.

THE LATE REV. PETER MACKENZIE.

The Rev. W. George preaching in St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday to young men, in the course of his sermon referred to the loss sustained by the Methodist Church, by the death of the Rev. Pater Mackenzie. He stated that no one was more generally beloved from the Dan to the Beersheba of Methodism, and that those who knew him most intimately would remember him with the greatest affection. Behind that broad and trenchant humour, which made his personality so attractive to the crowd, there beat a heart as gentle, as genial, as gener- ous, as loyal as in any man he ever knew. He was a unique man. Methodism had only bad one Peter Mackenzie. At one time it was thought that humour was the gift of the evil one, but Peter Mackenzie, like Spurgeon and others, had shown that it might be used for the highest and best of purposes. When he (Mr. George) heard that be was gone he felt as King David did when be knew that Abner. the sou of Ner was dead, and said "Know ye not that there is a Prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel." RURIDRCANAL CONFERENCE AT RUNCORN. _ . _ .

• At the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn, -t:;i'id—oTiday after- noon, the annual conference in connection with the Rural Deanery, of Frodsham was held. The Rev. Canon Wood, rural dean,presided. There were also present : Revs: G. D. Wray (secretary), A. Haggate (Arley), A. P. Holine (Great Budwortb), G. Robertson , (Appleton Thorn), W. H. Binney (Northwich), H. B. Blogg (Frod- sham), J. Holden (Antrobus), D. S. Bowen (Weston Point), B. B. Prescott, James Prescott (Latchford), A. Stafford (Helsby), L. J. T. Darwell (Walton), E. C. E. Carleton (Warrington), E. P. Alexander, Herbert W. L. Smith, R. J. D. Keith.Claalmers, A. Guest (Peover), A.J. Jameson, W. H. Stables, H. B. Firth, and H. C. Moyle; Messrs. R. A. Yerburgh, M.P., T. D. Timmins, Walter Timmins, John Little-, A. Lightburn, W. Mellor, James Ford, jun., W. Bradford, J. Hancock, W.Shaw (mission- ary, Seamen's Mission), Joseph (Helsby), and Thomas Darlington (Daresbury). The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton read a paper on How the Church is represented in In Convocation," and Mr. R. A. Yerburgh, M.P., gave an address on azricultural co-operative credit banks. The Rev. Canon Dodd kStretton) and Mr. T. D. Timmins (Runcorn) were elected representatives on the Diocesan Finance Association.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAMEN'S MISSION, RIINCOIN.

In connection with this mission,the first of a series of P.S.A. services was held on Sunday afternoon. 'rho at- tendance was most encouraging, and the service throughout was a complete success. Brief and appro- priate addresses were delivered by Mr. Shaw,the energe- tic missionary in connection with the Seamen's Mission, and Mr. Cooke. The musical portion of the service was specially attractive, solos being effectively rendered by Miss Coward, Miss Jones, Mr. Cross, and Mr. Moores.— The usual entertainment was held en Tuesday evening, when there was again a crowded attendance. Mr. Shaw presided, and addressed a few words of welcome to the many sailors present. The programme was of a miscel- laneous character, and included songs by Mr.C. Aekers, Mr. W.Ackerley, Mrs. Harrison, Miss N. Douglas, Mr. Bird, Mr. Price, Mr. Hailwood, Mr. T. Wood, and Mr. Kennedy. A pleasing item was the piccolo solo by Mr. Mack. Mr. Lawton contributed two mouth organ solos in a masterly manner. Glees were given by the Misses Temple and Mr. Temple,and Messrs.Noster,Wood,Moore, Mack, Temple, and Crossley. A re,iding by Mr. Cooke was much appreciated. A vote of thanks to those who had contributed to the programme having been passed, an enjoyable evening's entertainment concluded. ASSEMBLY BALL AT RUNCORN.

the-i

The fifth assembly ball was held in the Public Hall, Runcorn. on Wednesday evening, and was most success- ful in every respect. At 8.30 when dancing commenced there was a nice company present. The hall had been tastefully decorated for the occasion by Mr. Steele, a fine effect bzing produced by the artistic arrangement of flags, shields, bannerettes and bunting. The stretcher which had been laid was much appreciated by the dancers. Messrs. G. Shone and T. Kirkham were assisted in their honorary duties of Masters of Cere- monies, by Messrs. Clement Handley, and T. Sherratt. Mr. Merchant's fine quadrille band tram Chester was in attendance. No fewer than twenty-two dance s were merrily engaged in, the shadow dances being an inter- esting feature of the evening's programme. Messrs. William Lea and Son, of High-street, were responsible for the lime-light effects, and they are to be congratu- lated upon the admirable manner they carried out the woik. A refreshment beet had been erected in the ante-room by Mr. Charles Dutton, of Wilson's Hotel. well-stocked with wines, and other drinks as well as many other appetising morsels. The arrangements for the ball were carried out by a committee el which Mr. Gilbert R. Pritchard was secretary, and Mr. Clement Handley, treasurer.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CLASS..

At thEc-m—e—e"tt-n-; of this Tuesday evening, th Rev. J. Simpson gave an analysis of the character° , Shaliespeare's " Cerdelia." There was a fair attendance and an interesting and instructive evening was spent.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT AT WIDNES BATHS.

;- There was a crowded attendance at the Saturday night entertainment g:ven at these baths last week. Mr. Alfred Grounds (Runcorn) was engaged as humorist, and Messrs. Shingk and Parry (Runcorn) gave a duet and contributed songs. A " negro " sketca was given by Mr. Taylor and Mr. Locke. Mr. W. Grounds was the accompanist. _Several encores were demanded.

Sr. JOHN'S BAND OF HOPE. Under the presidency of Mr. Jepson, a public meeting in cvnection with St. John's Band of Hope was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday. A good programme was sabmitted. Recitations were given by Evaline Brown, E. Whitlow, F.Critchley, H. Abrams, E. Gritliths,Walter Griffiths, B. Shaw,A. Holt, and L. Dodd. Mr.M.Thotnas gave a song, atd a number of the members of the Baud of Hope contributed glees._

" WAR."

This was a subject of a paper read at the meeting of the Brunswick Mutual Improvement Society on Wed- nesday evening, by Mr. Peter Rigby. In the course of his paper be spoke of the horrors of war, and declaimed against it, giving various reasons for doing to. An in- tere,+tin,g discussion took place, taken part in by Messrs. W. Millington, J. D. Jones, and J. Leadstone.lhe chair- man was Mr. T. Simister.

INTERESTING PRESENTATION AT ,ST. LUKE'S MISSION. The annual tea and meeting of teachers and elder scholars connected with St. Luke's Congregational Mis- sion, was held on Thursday evening. An interesting feature of the proceedings was the presentation of a sil- ver preserve dish to Mr. and Mrs. Lowe on their leaving for Widnes. Mr. J. Slade made the presentation. There was a fair attendance. The remainder of the evening was occupied in discussing affairs connected with the Mission.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF A BOATMAN.

Adam Peacock, employed on the canal boats Ada and Una, belonging to Messrs. Simpson, Davies and Son, of Runcorn, was found dead on the cabin floor, about six o'clock on Friday morning. The boats were lying oppl- site Highf eld Tannery, Runcorn, and Peacock retired to bed apparently in his usual health. About 1 a.m. he was heard poking the cabin fire, which was of coke, but when John Jacksen went to rouse him at 6 o'clock he was found lying on the floor dead. Death was probably due to suffocation. Deceased was a married man and resided at Stonehills, Runcorn. SALE OF WORK AT rRINITY SCROOLROOM.

On Thursday afternoon a two days' sale of work was opened in Holy Trinity Schoolroom with the object of raising funds for the church missionary society,pastoral aid society, and parochial objects. It was the twelvth of its kind, and the opening ceremony was performed by Mrs. Moon, of Watford. There was a good attend- ance. The stalls had been nicely draped for the occa- sion, and were in charge of the following :—Principal stall, Mrs. Preston, assisted by the Misses Preston, and Mrs. Walter Timmins ; Mrs. Barker, assisted by the Misses Housefield superintended the plain %cork stall ; and a toy stall was in charge of Mrs. Bartram assisted by her two children, and Miss Merriam and Ivy Darby- shire. The refreshment stall was presided at by Mrs. Charles Timmins, Mrs. Meadowcroft, Mrs. Horsefield, Mrs. Tyrie, and Miss Matthews. Mrs. Moon having opened the bazaar with a few words, a vote of thanks was passed to her on the motion of Dr. Preston,seconded by Mr. Charles Timmins.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUMOURED WIDENING OF RUNCORN BRIDGE.

The rumour which gained currency last week respect- ing the widening of Runcorn Bridge seems to have little foundation. The impression seems to have arisen from a paragraph in the daily papers on the private legisla- tion of 186, wherein it was sPt forth that the London and North-Western Bill contains clauses authorising the company to construct a branch railway in Leigh, and to widen their Grand Junction Railway at Warrington, Runcorn, and Little Sankey. The Bill contains the fol- lowing paragraph :—" The widening of the Company's Grand Junction Railway between a point 550 yards or thereabouts south west of Moore Station, and a point 55 yards or thereabouts north of the bridge which carries Liverpool-road, Warrington,over the railway, which said intending widening will be situated in the parishes, townships, and places following or some of them, that ie to say Runcorn,Reckwick, Moore, Acton Grange,Walton Inferior, and Little Sankey." It will be seen that Run- corn is only mentioned incidentally as being a place where the extension is likely to touch.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEYAN CIRCUIT TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING..

In St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel on Monday eveninss,the annual temperance. meeting in connection with the Run- corn Wesleyan circuit was held. Mr. John Simpson occupied the chair, and he was supported on the plat- form by the Rev. T, Brackenbury, Rev. C. De Patron Gliddon, Rev. Sampson Weaver. temperance secretary to the Liverpool district ; Messrs. T. Simister. D. Bisbrown, A. R. Norman, John Robinson and Mr. J. D. Jones (local secretary). There was a fair attendance. After devo- tional exercises Mr. J. D. Jones in presenting the annual report for the Runcorn circuit stated that there were 456 members in the adult section, and in the Bands of Hope societies 1,322 members, being an increase of 62 in the adult section, and 15 in the bands of hope. The membership in each band of hope in the circuit was as follows : Brunswick 450, Mill Brow 261, Camden 180, Halton 155, Preston Brook 65, Weston 90, Weston Point 75, and Nelson-street mission 45. Steps had been taken to establish an adult section at each preaching place on the plan, and by next year they hoped to report that a flourishing temperance society was in active operation in all these places. Great things in this respect were anticipated from the formation of the Wesley Guild in connection with St. Paul's. The treasurer reported that the society was indebted to him to the amount of El 15s. 11d. The question of intemperance pressed as urgently as ever for settlement. Its appalling extent and dire results, which the Conference annually called upon them to contemplate, were as terrific as ever ; so that they date not relax their efforts in relation thereto. Could they do better in their .work than to act up to teaching of the old formula "total abstinence for the individual and prohibition for the State." How delighted every loyal and temperate subject of the Queen must have been when he read in the papers what she said to Khama and the Bechuana Chiefs at Windsor Castle little more than a week ago. The Queen said, "I approve of the provision excluding strong drink from COUT country. I feel strongly in this matter, and am glad to see that the Chiefs have determined to keep so great a curse from the people." (Applause.) The Chairman said in the course of his address that he thought it was quite true that everyone would admit that drink was a most expensive indulgence. During the last year taking every man, woman and chili, in this country, the amount Ppent on drink had been no less than £3 10s. 6d. a head. Of course there were comparatively few children that took drink, and there as a great number of parents who didn't take drink, so that the amount spent by those who did take intoxi- cants must be enormous. It was rather a striking fart that in 1894 the amount spent on wine was £14,000.000, and the amount spent on beer and spirits £125,000,000, so that those figures showed where the great bulk of the drinking took place. They believed that the drink curse was not only the great cause of poverty, but of disease, and crime. The churches were unanimous in their opinion that the great cause of crime in this country was drink. He was pleased to say that out of 158 students in the Wesleyan theological colleges 149 were total abstainers. (Applause.) Thus there were only nine out of 158 that were not total abstainers. He hoped before long all the students would he teetotalers. In conclusion, he urged all to use their influence to win , others to total abtinence. (Applause.) I The Rev. C. De Patron Gliddon alluded to the critic- ism passed upon total abstainers at the Brewers' Exhibi- tion, and proceeded to refer to the effects of drink on the children of the country. Out of 50.000 children medi- cally examined, It was found that thirty per cent, were suffering from mental or physical defects largely attri- buted directly or indirectly, to the drinking habits of their parents. That might be taken as an average of the whole. If it were only on account of the children he would le on the side of temperance. (Applause.) Let them take courage. Be was afraid some of them were disheartened because they thought they were re- buffed during the last election. He believed great good would come out of the rebuff. They have no cause to be disheartened. He never believed the cause of tem- perance would ever fail so long as God lived. (Applause.) The Rev. Sampson Weaver said he did not feel the least discouraged with the outlook for temperance. It did not depend on any political party triumph, it was not allied to any one political party. It did not follow that if one party had been beaten at the polls, the tem- perance movement was going back. The fact was, the temperance movement had reached the point where it now stood in spite of political parties, and until they heard of hundreds of thousands of teetotalers giving up, and their bands of hope being suspended, and their temperance societies broken up, he did not see any reason to be discouraged. (Applause.) A vote of thanks to the speakers and the deputation, was passed on the motion of Mr. D. I3isbrown, seconded by Mr. Robinson.

About twenty minutes to eleven on Thursday night a working man named George Bastard, living in apart- ments in Welden-street, Walton-read, committed suicide on the Woodside Ferry boat Mersey, while crossing from Birkenhead, by jumping overboard.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

-- SERIOUS BURNING CASE.—A child, nine years of age, named Mary Pesch, 28, Sandy-lane, Weston Point, was seriously burnt on Monday morning. It appears that she was taking the kettle from the fire when her clothes became ignited, and before the flames could be extin- guished she was burnt about the arms, face and chest. Dr. McLnnan was sent for, and he speedily arrived,and dressed the wounds. She is now progressing satisfactorily

===== 0002601_18951207_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOA RD.

THE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT AN FREE

SCHOOLS.

The first meeting of the newly-elected School Board was held on Tuesday evening in the Board Room at the Town Ilall,Runcorn. Mr. James Prit- chard occupied the chair,and there was a lull Board present, the other members being :—Rev. Canon Wood, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McDougall, Messrs. F. J. Norman, J.P., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., E. Imison,J.P., and G. Moss (clerk).

DECREASED SCHOOL iTTENDANCE.—Da. MCDOUGALL ON

===== 0002601_18951207_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE: WARPATH.

The minutes of th-e—Scb-o-or •Attendance Committee stated that 69 parents were summoned,and 64 appeared. Proceedings were ordered to be taken against four par- ents. The visitors' reports for the month ending Novem- ber 22nd. were read. They showed a decrease in the attendance as compared with the corresponding month of last year as follows e—Number on the rolls, 3,440, against 3,465 ; average attendance 2,757 against 3,917, and per centage of attendance, 80 against 84. The fal- ling off was attributed to sickness amongst infants, and to the absence of many children from the new Board schools, owing to a difficulty about the school fees.—Dr. Gastaldi in moving the adoption of the minutes,said the parents summoned before the committee,were nearly the same each time for the offence of not sending their chil- dren regularly to school. He thonght it was requisite that there should be new powers to deal with them.—Mr. Taylor seconded.—Dr. McDougall wished to know if the exact number of those absent on account of the school fees' difficulty could be given.—The Chairman stated that there were about 100 children absent from Brunswick and Granville-st. schools for that reason.— Dr. McDougall: On whose authority was that state- ment made P—The Chairman : I have inquired on one or two occasions, and have been so intormed.—Dr. McDougall : Is there any authorative report on the sub- ject from the schools or the visitors P—The Clerk : The report from Mr. Crosby is that 65 were absent from his school the peevious day on that account. There would not be so many for the whole of November.—Dr. Mc Dougall : As a matter of fact the report is rather mis- leading.—The Clerk : In the report of the School At- tendance Committee no number is stated.—Dr. McDougall : Statements of such an impostant character should be founded upon fact and not upon hearsay.— The Clerk : The report is Co doubt founded upon facts. During October there were 43 absent,and for November 82. This he explained was in the tenys' sceoels. The fieures clearly snowed that there were 40 more absent in November than in October—Dr. AlcDoagall : Is it as a matter of fact, your opinion that the absence of the eo was entirely due to the fact that they had to ply feei ? —The Clerk: The visitors do riot report to that effect. There are two causes for the reduced attendances—one is sickness amongst children. That is a matter of fact— (laughter)—and the other cause is an objection to pay fees on the part of the parents, whose children had at- tended the Wesleyan schools.—Dr. McDougall : Does it apply to Granville-street schools as well ? The Clerk : There were 45 absentees in October , and 66 in November. Dr. McDougall said it did not appear that the average attendance in the infant's school- where no fees were charged, was better than in the boy's and girls' schools where they had to be paid. How did they account for that P—The Clerk informed the ,Board that the attendance in the Infants' school was affected by the sickness which the doctor most have known was prevalent.—Dr. McDougall That is merely a statement. It is a mistake to make statements unless based upon facts.—The Clerk again explained that the average attendance w-es 77 in the infants, and only 67 in the boys, and usually the atten- dance was very much worse in the infants.—Dr. McDou- gall said from his point of view he held a different opin- ion—Mr. Taylor : Let Us have your opinion and deal with the question.—Dr. McDougall : No, I may do so later.—Mr. Taylor While we are discussing this matter we may as well have it altogether.—Dr. McDougall.: It is no use makine statements unless they are reliable.— Mr. Taylor : I think all the secretary has got to do is to give in the facts. Ido not see that he is responsible. I can only say that at the last school attendance coin mittee a number of parents came before us with regard to one set of Board schools being free and the others not and gave as the reason why the children had not at- tended school that they objected to pay the fees. The question was dealt with on the agenda and therefore tnere was no cause for this discussion and the inquiries made by the doctor,and the time of the members should not be taken up in this manner.—Dr. McDougall said as a matter of fact he could not accept Mr. Taylor's mild statement because he should deal with the question later on for the benefit of the public notwithstanding Mr. Taylor's time, which no doubt was very valuable to himself (Mr. Taylor: Hear, hear.) When any individual accepted the responsibility to discharge public duties, for which there seemed to be an especial fondness in the minds of some people they ought to keep the public abreast of what the Board was doing, and the mere fact of bodily presence in the room was not discharging a public duty according to his view of the subject. Nay, he must go further, and say as a matter of fact, if the Board kept more abreast I with the public in those matters they would have less I trouble with the public than they bad, and be a great deal less in the hands of wirepuller s than they were.— The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi explained that many parents appeared before the committee who adduced as a reason for non-attendance that they had not money to pay the fees.—Mr. Taylor said the parent did not plead that they could not afford to pay. Many of the people came before the committee that could afford to pay—(Dr. McDougall: That is the point)—but they objected to paying fees in a Board school when another Board school was free.—The Chairman : That was the prin- cipal plea, and not on account of sickness ? Mr. Taylor : Yes.—The Minutes were then confirmed.—Dr.McDougall did not vote.

THE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT AND THE CHARGING OF FEES. _ . _

The School Management Committee's minutes origin- ally recommended that no'fees be charged to the scholars attending Brunswick-st. boys' school and Granville-et. girls' school on and after Monday, December 9th.—The Clerk also read a letter from the Education Department submitting a representation under section 5 of the Elementary Eduction Act of 1891,which their lordships had received for 67 parents of children of school age residing at the addresses given stating that they desired their children might receive tlieir educatian without payment of fees,and that in the northern division of the , school district of the borough of Runcorn there is an insufficient amount of public school accommodation without payment of fees. Their lordships asked for an answer to a number of questFons.—The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes.—Canon Wood proposed that the Board go into committee for the purpose of con- , sidering the matter.—The Rev.Dr.Gastaldi seconded tho proposition.—Dr.McDougall said the subject was an im- portant one. He did not wish to nnow any discredit upon the applicants, but therg did not appear to be any substantial evidence before erns Board that the indivi- duals were bona-fide.—The Clerk stated that the appli- cants had been verified.—Dr. McDougall said the ques- tion was,are the children of these people attending these schools P—The Chairman said he believed the Clerk was able to give those particuhas.—The Board then went into committee, and after a heated discussion extending over an hour, it was decided to recommend in substitu- tion of the recommendation of the School Management Committ.se the following :—" That the head teachers of Brunswick-st. and Granville-st. schools be instructed to grant free places to all scholars who make application I for them."—in moving the adoption of this minute, the Chairman said he thought it would meet the desire of those who had made application for free places.—Dr.. Gastaldi seconded, and it was carried flees. con.

INCREASING THE NUMBER OF MEMBERS. Mr. F. J. Norman proposed that application be made for an increase of members from seven to nine.—Rev. Canon Wood seconded.—Mr. Taylor said he had very great pleasure in supporting it. From what they had seen during the last few weeks it appeared the general wish of the public that the number of members should be increased.—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi pointed out that it was on the understanding that the application should he made for an increase of members, that the ratepayers were saved the expense of an election.—The resolution was carried unanimously.

Mi. NORMAN'S DUTIES.

The Chairman proposed thai'ir-.VO-rMan be placed on the same committees as his predecessor, the late Mr. Thomas Handley.—Mr. Taylor seconded, and it was carried.

APPLICATION FOR INCREASE OF SALARIES. Letters applying for increase of s4laries by Mr. W. Kennan, assistant, Greenway•road boys' school: Mr. William Wilson, Brunswick boys' school; Mr. John W. Dawkins, Brunswick boys' school; and Mr. Joseph Brown. Brunswi3k boys' school, were read. They were ' referred to the School Management Committee for con- sideration, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by the Rev. Or. Gastaldi.

ASSOCIATION OF SCHOOL BOARDS. The Rev. Canon Wood and Mr. E. Imison were ap- pointed to represent the Board at the annual meeting of the Association of S,hool Boards.

The House of Lwds on Thursday gave an important decision in regard to partnerships. A retiring partner, it was laid down, may do anything which an outsider might do, but he must not avail himself of his special knowledge of the old customers to regain without con- sideration that which he had parted with for value. At the Clerkenwell Police Court,on Thursday Madame Beason, the wife of a musical instrumen.; manufacturer, was charged under an extradition warrant with sterling money and sfnurities to the total value of £60,000, the property of her husband. The prosecutor and his wife, it was stated, were married in accordance with the French law, the marriage contract establishing a com- munity of goods between the husbansl and wife. The ! term of the contract on which the prosecution mainly rely to support the charge of stealing states that " whichever of the consorts has abstracted or concealed property belonging to the community forfeits his or her share." The prisoner left the prosecutor in 1894, and it is alleged that she subsequently absconded with securi- ties to the value of £60,000. The case was again ad- journed,

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held in the Council Chamber at the I own Hall, Runcorn, on Thursday morning. Mr. F.. Imison, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present :—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.p., C.C., M. Sweetman, T. Dean, D. Bisbmwn, J. Wilson T. Jones, J. W. Lightburn, G. Hewitt, G. G. Kirkham, J. Pritchard, H. J. Grice, F. Wiswall, and Dr. McDougall (medical officer), Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), Mr. Marshall (secretary), and Mr. M. Barker (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18951207_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • - _ _

.-

===== 0002601_18951207_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ment thought required a 83tt1ement in the interests ofj the county. Two of these were successfully dealt with in the Parish Councils Act and the Factory Acts. The others, such as the better government of Ireland, liquor reform,Welsh disestablishment, and registration have been post- poned but have not been an ann h Hated. There is still a strong demand for each of these reforms ; there is, as Mr. MORLEY said, "not one of them which is not at this moment quick and alive." And, he might have added, there is not one of them which the next Liberal Government will be either I willing or able to ignore. In dealing with foreign affairs Mr. MORLEY was, taking all the circum- stances into account, extremely lenient with Lord SALISBURY. He quoted Mr. BRIGHT'S saying that the present Prime Minister is a man of a good deal of" haughty unwisdom," but he added the opinion that Lord SALISBURY is not likely to do anything unwise in the present Eastern crisis. So far events seem to justify this opinion. Lord SALISBURY seems to have done extremely little that is wise or unwise. He has:certainly failed to I protect the Armenians in accordance with the pledges entered into at the time he was a party to the framing of the Ber- lin Treaty. His policy may be a wise and masterly one, but it is certainly one of "masterly inactivity." There is, undoubtedly,at the present moment a great deal of impatience, which may rapidly develope into a flame of indignation, with the part that England is playing in this Eastern crisis. There is additional evidence to hand almost every day to show that she is not protect- ing her Christian protegoes in Asia Minor from further outrages and massacres. And in addition to this the Sultan seems to flout Lord &Lisa cunt, and through him the country he represents, in the fine old Turkish way. Certain Turkish offi- cials who distinguished themselves by the cruelties they:practiced upon the Asiatic Christians were denounced by the British Ambassador at Constantinople, and for a time they appeared to be degraded from their offices, but now it is said the SULTAN is heaping honours upon them in a very ostentatious manner. This does not indi- cate that Lord SALISBURY is to be credited with any diplomatic victory at Constantinople, nor is of good auguty tor the immediate future of the Armenia

When it is said that the Ashanti expedition will consist of 1,500 troops only, it does appear to be rather a small affair, but then in addition to the fifteen hundred lighting men no fewer than 10,003 carriers will march to Coomassie. The peculiar ties of warfare in tropical Africa can be understood when it is said that the whole of these 10,00) porters will have to walk the greater part of the way in single file, and in fact it is estimated that the leaders will not be a great distance from Coomassie when the last man is leaving Cape Coast Castle. King Prempeh, the cause of all these war- like preparations, is gracefully described by one- correspondent as a " little beast, given to debau- chery but with fits of Dutch courage." It is said that he drinks a pint of whisky at a time from a bottle without:a pause, and then ask tor more.

Those who have taken the opportunity of hear- ing Professor Thoumaian, the Armenian exile, who has spoken at several of the places of worship in Wairington,have received an amount of information with regard to the Armenian atrocities which will enable them to realise all the more the terrible con- ditions under which the Armenians are placed by their Turkish tyrants. The Professor is a well educated man, and has a good command of the English language. He does not indulge in idle de- clamation,or florid language, but carries conviction to his hearers by his calm manner of expressing his opinions to his hearers. He says that so far from the reports of the massacres being exaggerated, they are rather understated. He also exhibited a num- ber of the instruments of torture used by the Turks who are, it is quite evident, capable of committing the mast appalling cruelties. The professor wa3 very strong in his denunciation of the indifference and supineness of the Great Powers, and also of the famous Berlin treaty with its "Peace with honour:, That treaty he contended was the cause of all the massacres which have since taken place, as but for it,Armenia would hate been freed from the Turkish yoke.

CHRISTMAS, 189 o• For Christmas Present!, any other Presmts, or Articles for yourself, VISIT DEBICRT'S, 10. CH UKCH-STRKBT,LIVRR- POOL, where you can get Hundreds of Artices suitable for , Presents and for Yourself or Household Use. WATCHES.-Lad:es' Gilt, Nickeled, and Black Watches all at 3s. lid. Solid Silver Watches, I Os. 6d.. 128. 6d. to 351. Gent's. and Boy's Watches, 2s. 3d., 2s. 11d., 3s. lid., 4s. lid. ss. lid. My well-known Chronograph Watches may be got, large or small, plain or fancy, Silvered or Gilt Cases, all at 6s. 11d. Silver Watches, 12s. 6d.. 15s. 61., 17a. 6d. (Hunter) 215.. to £3 10s. Ladies' Gold Watches, 30s. to 90s. .! Gent's. Gold Watches, 508. to ElO. CHAINS.-Ladies' Silver Alberts, 3s. 61,35. 11d., 4s. lid.. to 10s. 6d. Gent's Silver Alberts, Hall-3:arked on every link. 58.11 d., 6s. 3d.. 6s. lid., to 1.55. 6d. Boy's Silver Alberts, 33.6 d. with Silver Medal attached. Metal Alberts - Steel, 31d. and 40. ; Gilt. 40. and 6d. White Metal- " Wcitaz "Sliver-equal to Solid Silver, 64. ; Double. ls. For Ladies •• Woitaz " Silver or Gilt. 6d. Best Gold-plated Alberts, warranted to stand acid, 2s. lid., 3s. 11d, to Bs. 11d. (for Ladies, Boys and Gentlemen). RINGS.-9et, Hall-Marked Kings for Ladies and Gentle- men, from 2s. Ild. to 21s. ; 15ct. 123.6 d. to 40s. ; liLt. from 30! to •E 5 BROM/MS.-Silver Hall-Marked, lOad. to ss. 6d. ; Gold 9at. Brooches, 2s. 6d. to 505.; 15et. 15s. to Li. Solid Silver Hall-Marked Name Brooches (any name), 141.' Is. 70, and 2e. 6d. Gent's Scarf Pins, Silver trona 4d. ; GoldHall-Marked, from 2s. 11d. Match Boxes from is. 11d. Cigar Cases from I Is. 11d., ,ke. ELECTRO SILVER PLATE.-Breakfast Cruets, Is. lid. to its. 6d.; Dinner Cruets. 2s. 11d. to 50s. ; Butter Knives, Pickle Forks, and ,Tam Spoons, from lOad. each ; Tea Spoons ( 3lectro-plated) from Is. 110. half-doe. ; Dessert Spoons and Forks, from 3s. 6d. half-doz. ; Table from 4s. llad. half-doz, ; Butter Dishes from is. ; Salts from is. 6d. ; Claret Jugs. from 4s. 11d. ; Pickle Frames, from ss. 114. Special Fish Knives awl Forks, 24 pieces, in strong wood case, with lock and key co,nplete. 255. ; Cheap White Metal Forks and Spoons-Tea ; Spoons from 40. half-dozen • Dessert Forks or Spoons from 90. hair-dozen; Table from is. 3d. half-dozen. Pure Nickel Silver (Best Quality only)-Tea Spoons, 9d. half-dozen ; Dessert Forks or Spoons. 2s. 3d. half-dozen ; Table, 2s. 3ad. half-dozen ; !cc. CUTLBRY.-(Bnglish Made only).-Dessert Knives from Is. 70. half-doz. ;Table Knives, from Is. 11d, half doz.; Car- vers, from 2s. 9d pair (best steel); Scissors, from 60. pair Pocket Knives from 54., &c. CLOCKS.- Debert's Clocks are the best value in the World. Always in stock over 5,000 Clocks of every description to I select from. Nickel Timepieces from Is. 5d.; Alarms from I Is. lad.; Wood Pendulum Clocks from 25." lid.; Regulators, from 12s. 94., Kitchen Clocks (8 days), from 13s. 94., ,tc. OPTICAL GOODS.-Metal Barometers. ss. lid.; Wood Barometers, size? inch diamet3r, 7s. lid.; Do. do. with Thermometer conibined, 7 inches by 18 inches, 108. 6d.; do. do.. larger, 17s. 64. to £3. FANCY GOODS.-Ladiee Companions from Sad. to 255. Dressing Cases from Ss. 11d. to 50s. (for Ladies or Gentle- men). Leather Purses from 40. to 75. lid. Tobacco Pouches from 51d. ; Cigar Cases from lOad. Ladies, Work Boxes from 10s. 6d. Dolls from 51(1. Toys from bad. Mouth Organs from 2d. Table Bells from 50. Ornaments and Figures from &ad. Mirrors from 4ad. Dominoes from 30, Boys' Fretwork Tools, Outfit from lOad. Household Tools (5 pieces) from 100 .. t.,..bove being only a few of the Articles kept in Stock as would take much more space to mention everything, you are therefore invited to visit DEBERT'S, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

STOVE.—Iron Merchant, aw...twu, Bridge-street. Warrington. SEWING Meramvice Hand £3 10e. Treadle £4 4e. with handaome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt. SEWING MACHINES Hand £.2 186.64.%Treadie £4 4e. with _ _

handsome Walnut oover.-4..and W. DUTTON 16 and 18.

Sankcv-øt., Warrington.—Advt. %TWINE) MACHINES, Hand £2 His. 6d. lreadle £4 4e. wife faludeolue walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTote, 16 and 13. Sankov-et., warrinzton.— Advt. SPECIAL SHOW of MANTLES. JACKETS, CAPES 'and PALUTOTS on WEDNESDAY NEXT snd fat/owing days.— Sturm', 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. McDougall in tile monthly report stated that the number of deaths registered during the past month amounted to thirty-two. Three were inquest cases, and of the remaining twenty-nine, eight were due to bron- chitis, two to plithisis, two to heart disease, four to natural decay, two to pneumonia, three to convulsions, two to premature birth, and one each to peritonitis, mesenteric disease, liver disease, bright's disease, hydro- cephalus, and one to inflammation of the lining mem- brane of the brain. The thirty-two deaths showed an average death rate of 2002,. and exclusive of the inquest cases of 18-03 of the estimated population tor the twelve months. Forty-two births were registered during the month. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS AND BUIL-DINGS COMMITTEE.

It was recommended by this committee that Mr. E. Marshall, secretary and accountant to the Rencorn Urban District Council, be appointed under section 13 of the Private Street Works Act, 1892, to collect arrears of principal and interest due in respect to the making of Bold-street, and that the seal of the Council be affixed to such appointment. —Thesz minutes wers approved on the motion of Mr. Taylor, seconded by Mr. Sweetman. HEALTH COMMITTEE. This committee recommended that the Medical Offi- cer of Health be instructed to furnish the Health Com- mittee with a report forthwith on the recent epidemic of measles as requested tiy the Local Governrneet Board. The committee reported that they had received a letter from the Runcorn Rural District Council asking if the Council would be prepared to join with them in previd- ing sufficient hospital accommodation for infectious diseases for the two districts. The committec recom- mended that a reply be sent to the effect that the Coun- cil have sufficient accommodation for the treatment of cases of infectious diseases in their district and are not disposed to Rijn ay other. atzthority.—Mr. Wiswall pro- posed, and Mr. Grice seceuded the adoption of the re- commendations.—The were adopted. WATER. COMMITTEE. Recommended by this committee that the seal of the Council be affixed to agreements with the Manchester Ship Canal Company as to wayleaves in respect of water I mains running alongside their docks, &c., and that thel regulations hereby submitted under which the Runcorn Urban District Council will supply .water be approved and adopted and that the seal of the Council be affixed to them ; that application be made on the 6;11 February 1896 to the Local Government .Board for their confirma- tion of such regulations and that the requisite notice be given by advertisement of the intention of this Council to apply for such confirmation.—Mr. Pritchard in mov- ing the adoption of the minutes said it was perhaps necessary to cx.plain that the agreements were the same as existed with the water works company. The Ship Canal Company were desirous of thn agreements being made with the Urban Council. Some of the Council's water pipes passed along the company's docks and the Council paid way leaves. The regulations were made with the object of protecting the interests of the Authority. Toe committee had had before them a num- ber of water regulations in force elsewhere, and they had cone through them with the law clerk who had rendered valuable service in that respect—in adoppne, them to their own requirements. The regulations would be open to the public for inspection for one month. —Mr. Wilson seconded the adoption of the minutes and they were carriei.

THE PAYMENT OF THE RATES. In moving the minutes of the Finance Committee Mr. Lightburn proposed the adoption of the minutes, and stated that the rates were tieing got in very well. It might have come to the knowledge of some members that two or three of them had signed cheques and had been surcharged. He simply mentioned that as leading to something else. They fixed the rate too low last year and they had an overdraft at the bank which they tried to avoid. This overdraft must not become a continuous matter, or they would lose their good repute with the Local Government Beard. Next March when they closed their accounts they must have no arrears. He was torry to make that announcement, but the public might as well know—the sooner the better. By that time they hoped that the cloud of adversity which had so long hung over the town might be dispersed,but the present outlook was not very bright.—Mr. Hewitt seconded.—Mr. Dean said he took exec ption to the remarks of Mr. Lightburn with regard to the Council having fixed the rate too low, and stated that the overdraft had existed for several years.—Mr. Bisbrown said he took it that the overdraft bad been in existenue a number of years, and they had only fol- lowed the practice of previous years. With regard to the surcharge the members need have no fear, for when it was explained to the Local Government Board it would be all right.—Mr. Lighthurn said his point was that if the sate had been bigger, the \ adverse balance would have been paid off.—The minutes were passed. THE COUNT F MEDICAL OFFICER. Mr. Potts Clerk of the County Council wrote inform- ing them that the Council at its meeting on the 14th iilt.had decided to retain the entireservices of Dr.Prancis Vacher, as the County Medical Officer of flealth, and that part of the duties which he had undertaken to per- form was to assist and advise the Urban and Rural Dis- trict Councils in the county and their Medical Officer of Health and Sanitary Inspectors as to the epidemics,&c., and generally to advise them in the performance of their duties when required by them free of charge.—The com- munication was referred to the Health Committee, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr.Wiswall. THIS TIDAL OPENThiI AT THE OLD QUAY. The Law Clerk informed the Council that plans and notices had been received from the Ship Canal Company of a Bill to come before Parliament in the ensuing ses- sion. He thought the only effect it had on their district was the filling up of the tidal opening at Old Quay to present the washing of silt and sand into the canal from the river Mersey. Whether it would have an injurious effect on Runcorn he was not prepared to advise.—lt was pointed out by Mr. Pritchard that it had been their cus- tom to submit such matters to the Parliamentary Com- mittee for their consideration. He proposed that it be referred to that committee.—Rev. Dr.Gsstaldi seconded, and it was agreed to.

PRISONERS- FOR NON-PAIMENT OF RATES. The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi stated that a great many people had been summrmed efore the magirtrstes anl sent to prison for the crime sf nut being able to pay rates. He thought it ought to be in the power of the Council to remedy that evil because he was of the opinion that as matters stood it was absurd to deal witO the people at they did. There was no benefit to be derived for sending persons to prison; in fact the result had a contrary effec as the ratepayers had to pay the expenses thus incurred. It was the duty of the authority to look into the ques- tion, and adopt a better practice in vogue else- where. It was a scandalous thing to see people being sent to prison simply because they could not pay their rates—The Clerk : Wha rates ? Rev. Dr. Gastaldi : The poor rates.—Mr. Taylor said the question was entirely out of order. He did not think anyone had been sent to prison for not paying the General District rate.—The Law Clerk pointed out that they had no power at present over the poor rate.—Mr. Taylor said it was out of their province.—The Law Clerk said they had only the control of the District rate, and In connection with that, they could not send a man to prison unless it could he proved that be could pay and ; would not.—Mr. Taylor said there was not a single one summoned for the General District rate.—Rev. Dr. Gas- taldi said in some places the rates were compounded.— Mr. Lightburn said they did that already in Runcorn.— The Chairman said it was clear that Dr. Gastaldi was speaking of an authority over which that Council had no control whatever at present. He did net think it would be profitable to continue the discussion. —The matter then dropped and the Council rose.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAIL

FAT STOCK SALE AT FRODSLIAIL —On Thursday the annual show and sale of fat stock promoted by the 1 Frodsham Farmers' Auction Company, Limited, was , held at the yard of the Bear's Paw Hotel. There was a good show and a keen competition resulted for the various prizes offered. The committee in charge of the arrangements were Messrs. J. E. Bate, and Walter Taylor (Sutton), Walter Harrison (Onslow), William Youd, A. Bate, and George Forster (Frodsham). The judges were Messrs. Robert Johnson (Wigan), Frank Harrison (Altrincham), and Dodd (Chester), Their awards were as follows :—Special prizes for the best pair of fat beasts, James Nicholls, Frodsham ; best caw, 1, William Lowe,Alvanley Aall ; 2,William Fowles, Dutton ; commended, Peter Firth, °aglow ; best fat heifer with four broad teeth,:, Griffiths,Clifton Hall, near Runcorn ; 2,5. B.Chadwick, Higher Runcorn ; commmended. T. Lewis, Bradley ; best fat heifer, six broad teeth, 1 and commended, William Griffiths ; best fat bull, 1, William Lowe, Alvanley Hall; com- mended, T. Baxter, C C., Dutton Hall ; best fat bullock, 1 and 2, J. Nicholls, Frodsham ; best fat calf, 1, Willlam Roberts, Woodhouses, near Frodshatn ; commended, Thomas Lewis; best pen of five sheep, Mrs. Robinson, Crabtree Ground, Delamere ; commended, H. M. Davies, Frodsham ; best bull, fed on Messrs. Ashworth's cake, T. Baxter, C.C., Dutton Hall ; best fed beast fed on Mr. Sit - cock's cake, Andrew Hutchinson, Frodsham ; bcst beast fed on Messrs. Ashworth's cake, 1. William Griffiths ; 2, 2, James Nicholls. There was a large attendance at the subsequent sale at which Mr. Hutchinson was the auctioneer. Prices ran-ted as follows ;—Prize animals about £25 ; heifers £lB to £24 ; cows to £23 ; calves £3 to £8 12. ; sheep 355. to £3. The principal buyers were i—Mei-isrs. Tickle, Cotterell (Frodshatn), Shaw, Finnerty, Cross, Coggens, Everett, T. Rigby, Holcroft (Warrington), Savage. Bell, Richardson, Briscow (Runcorn), Hedley, Grocott (Widnes), Bag,uley, B. Mc. Waters (Ditton), Hatton (Lymm). and Dodd (Chester). After the sale dinner was partaken of at the Bear's Paw Hotel, at the invitation of the Auction Company.

Mbrrttqemcnt not elas3sttirti.

st \ V A NwTtliciD ,fiao ,Gth PwLO r farm otolAe chooi. tner. t y,ltholu;,,Els6r, GROVE 16. Clarendon-road, C.-on-M., Manchester.

110 DAlRYMEN,Greengrocercand others —Good HOUSE. Large Shop, good dry cellar, quantity of fittings, S. Beaurnout.st., Liverpool. Good business neighbourhood. no goodwill, rent £26 and taxes.—Apply J. •lelerrxmo, r opofforth-road, Liverpool.

1 AMES WANTING good Servants, and Servants good -11-4 Situations, apWy or write Toe Crassin.tton First-elass AGENCY,I2, AIGBURTH.IIOI.D, Creasington, Liverpool. Stamp for reply. Also Male Serv.tuts.

COOl titiNNIZAL Wanted 5y lleeinber 300 a, at EcCles and Patricroft liospitai, ratricrcit, Manchester. Wages £l6 and part unhurin.—Apply

W' ANTED a good general SERVANT, able to do washing. one &lila, state age. wa,es.—Apply by letter •-u SEnviacr, Examiner Office,..b.arlestown.

I,IIIW Highest Grade BICYCLHS all '95 improvements. detachuue Tyres, Hanauer tne Zdoa Au. 1, also 3 lioniwio Uuveatry. Baca *:.9, °au MAJ. Humber £9 13s. List price £2. Guarantee 13 mouths, hallway allowed. Alouey wanted taken tor E 41lakeapear.4- •.ot oegport-road, 51sachaster. •

SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 15i DOZEN

LADIES' LLIMIIED ,FELT HITS -

1/11 EACH.,

USUAL PRICES, 3s. 11D. TO Ss. 11D. EACII.

ALL

NEW GOODS

AND

NEW SHAPES)

AND ALL

THIS SEASON'S PATTERNS

WHICH MAKE THEM THE CHEAPEST LINE EVER OFFERED IN WARRINGTON. ,

T. H. POOLE,

22 AND 24, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS

AND

NE W YEAR'S

PRESEN rs.

R. CLAMP AND SON,

===== 0002601_18951207_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

fRIVELLING REQUISTES,

PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS.

39, AND 41, DALE-STRNET, 12, LORD-STREHT,

8, PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

nOWILE MANUAL AISTIRICA.N ORGAN, 23 stops all acting. 2 swells, hind and foot blovr.r, cooplers. &c., 7 complete rows of reeds. suit large Mission or Chapel, reasonable offer wanted.—•l2. STOCKPORT-ROA.D, Manchester.

WANTRD. good plain COOK. Protestant, good references. —Apply stating age, wages, full particulars, BIRCH. S. saviour's Rectory, Manchester.

rtENERAL WANTUD, strong, active, goo I. character, age Vi about 20.--Mrs. TAYLOR, St. Mary's Vicarage, Lower Inrs. near Wigan.

/ BNUINB ttecipee, sponge, coues. 6andwich. Birthday. 1.5 64. each; Cherry, Wedding, Mincemeat, 18. each.— HandlS, baker. 13, last-street, Taunton.

YOUNG LADY, tall, good appearance, well educated. desires re-engagement as DAIMAID in respectable hotel; good re erences.—H. G. C., " lixaminer " OfHee, Warrington.

NORTR WALES.-WELSRPOOL GRANIMAR- SCHOOL ; splendid situation • home comforts; low fees ; most successful in exams.—Apply H RAID MASTER.

WARRINGTON, Pleasant HOUSE:, to Let, lobby, par.. lour, kitaben, scullery, good b 4 rooms, 4s. 6,1. Key 27, FIRRELL-ST.. Howley-lane, Warrington.

ITUATION WANTIM in W.rehouse or elsewhere, by res- peetable young man isgeZ6. Strong, willing ; excellent scholar, good references.—Address TYLER, Diamond Cottage., Ididdlehsm, Yorkshire.

T IBBRAL COMMISSION offsred to Persons with influenc%. AA amongst users of fi-st-class Machinery Ms.—Address OIL, W. H. Smira AND bOit, Advertising Agents, Man. chester.

()N SALE. 400 WATRIt CASKS, 200 to 250 gallons each.— JOHN HowoRTR, cask dealer, 20, Lewis-st., Nelsoa-st.. Rochdale-road, Blanchester.

OUNG MAN WANTHD, 35s per week and commission. I. Regular work, splendid opening. Address COMPO WORKS, Farnworth, Bolton. Lancs.

WANTBD, immediately, a respectable GENERAL. for Farmhouse, about 23, must be quick and clean.— Apply Mrs. STEPHENSON, Cockden, Brierclifle, Burnley.

RESPECTABLE GENERAL, at once. Clean, willing, fond of children, another kept. Good home if suit- able : Churchwoman: State age, wages, capabildles, and references—ELl/wool), Heald Place, Rusholme, Manches- et.

ENBEGETIC. USEFUL HELP, at once. Able to do plain cooking and ironing : fond of children; gold needle- woman, Churchwoman : State age. salary, reference.— Etmwoon, Heald 21ace Rusholine, Manchester.

GRATIS WITH THE EXAMINER.

ON SAIURDAY, DECEMBER 21sT, OUR ANNUAL SHEET ALMANAC.

PRINTED IN TWO COLOURS UPON SONED PIPER WILL BB PRESRNTED TO EACH PURCHASER Otx THE EXAMINER.

THE SHEET WILL BE ADORNED WITIL VIEWS OF PARR HALL, AND GRAPPEN.

HALL HEYES, AND, A PORTRAIT OF J. CHARLTON PARR, ESQ. AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND GENERAL INFORMATION.

ADVERTISERS WILL DO WELL TO AVAIL THEMSELVES OP THE LARGELY INCREASED cincuLATIoN OF TEE EXA3fINEIL ON ALMANAC DAY.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWSAGENTS ARE REQUESTED TO

ORDER EARLY.

In regard to the dispute in trio shipbuildin; trade Lord James has accepted the position of chairman at the coining' conference between representatives of the Masters' Federation and the Amalgamated Spciety of Engineers. The meeting will probably take place in Glasgow on Tuesday neat.

_

NM

I

1

===== 0002601_18951207_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

NOVEMBER. FROM WARRINoTCN TO Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 35. 8 28, 10 45, 1 SJ, 2 35, 515, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altmr and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40 a6' at 9 Sundays 936. 25, 8 50. to Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)a3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50. 5 15. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 16, 4 26, 11 35, aMondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14, 932, 11 55. 12 55, 3 20, 50. 5, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25.5 15 p.m. Blackburn -2 37, 5 20, 5 45. 8 35, 955. 12 25, 2 25, 445 14, 8 47 102. Sundays 8 43. 60. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 955. 11 40, 1225. 225 45, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 2,5 • 19.10 0,10 40.1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 95. undays 843 a.m., 5 0.7 47. p.m. Carlislo-2 37, 5 20. 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 /5. 3 48. Sundays 237.33 Chester-7 30a. 7 42,9 5,10 23.12 7,12 15,1 40,2 56.2 30,3 20, 422. 5 11. 6 4. 7 42. 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, a.m. 7 45, 11 32. a Mondays and Saturdays only. bArpley. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 127. 115, 330, 348, 55 620. 78, 925. 1020. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe—a3o, 63 23, 7 10. 735 , 828.950,1045.120.150, 235, 320, 5 15, 723, 1135. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. aMondays excepted. bblondays only. Daresbury--7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 2 33. 3 20, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 Sundays 844. 7 45 p.m. Derby (511dland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55. 320. 5 0, 11 53 Sundays 11 45 am., 425 p.m. Earlestoes n-5 45,7 10.8 25.8 35,10 5, 10 46,12 7, 12 25. 1 15, 3 30,3 48. 5 5, 5 25. 6 20,7 8. 9 25, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 835, 843, 4 56,6 0, 7 47,9 45. Edinburgh-240. 520. 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15 Sundays 240 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry t Penketh —7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, 3 30, 512, 6 17, 80. 9 48. Sundays rt 48. 2 40. 7 50. 9rodsham-7 42. 9 5. 10 23, 1215. 2 30. 3 20. 4 22.5 11. 6.4, 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Linesl-7 12. 7 56, 831, 9 5. 12 '0 15, 2 10, 40, 70, 80. c 9 30. 510 20, 11 39 Sun- days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 40. 520, 956, 1140. 12.35. 225. s) 46. 10 13. Sundays 2 40, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-5 453 10,835. 1040,12 35, 1 15,3 48, 5 25. 7 17, 9 '25 10 10. Sundays S 43.6 0. Hocign Ureen-7 12. 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,120, 1 5,2 10,4 0 0, 79, 80, 59 30, alt) 20. Sunda y 90, 11 25, 2 39, 71, 918. °Mondays and Saturdays only eSaturdays excepted. c Irlam and Cadishead (Central)— 70, 755, 8 14, 70, 915 Sundays 856. 10 12.3 20. 5 15, 935. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 1049, 12 36, 1 16. 338. 4 11, 5 18. 6 13. 18, a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850. 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. N.-W.)-3 sa, 525. 7 10, 8 20, 835. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 48, 55. 620 78, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 35,5 2 0, 335, 843. 328. 4 56, 60. 9 45. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Lose Level Platform)-7 38. 8 25,9 43,10 10, 11 53.1 55. 3 30. 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 43. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)--34 35. 530, 7 12. 7 56, 8 31. 8 50,9 5, 950, 1024, 1030. 10 50. 11 50, 120. 1250. 1257. 15. 1 41, 1 50. 2 10. 2 50,3 8. 3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 5 50, 6 18, 850, 70.756.80,350.96. 920. 10 15 1046. 01110, 11 39 Sundays 435,5 30. 90, 9 45. 1125. 2 20, 2 39. 7 10, 830.9 18, 10 18, 1033. aßxcept Mondays. London (L.& 31.-W.)—a3 0, 6323. 735. 9 50. 10 45. 120 1 50,3 20,5 15.11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20.11 35 Mondays excepted. bbdundays only. London (36idland)-6 14. 9 59.11 39, 1255, 320. 5 0, 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20, 7 22, 80, 9 0. 9 58, 1049. 12 36.1 16, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18.5 40c 6 13. 78, a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850, 38. 811.. aSaturdays only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and Thursdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45. a 3 10, 64 45, 5 45a. 7 10, 825, 9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15,2 0.3 20, 4 21. 525. 65 7 17.9 5, 1020. Sundays 3 10, 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. From High Level Platturm. aMoncisys only, blondays ex- cepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55. 10 46. 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5, 9 10. 11 40. Sundays 846. 35, 8 15, 11 40. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755. 8 14, 8 55, 9 0 955, 1055, 1125. 11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 355. 456, 555 6 55,7 0. 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, alo 0, all 15, 11 50. 11 57a. Sundays 8 56, 9 37. 10 12, 35. 323, 515, 718, 855. 922, 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. Middlewicb-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35. 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 535. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton4e-Willows-2 45a,3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 9,1 100. 1040. 1214. 1225. 1 153 20, 348. 421. 5 25, 6 25. 7 17,9 5, 9 25,10 10,10 20. Sundays 2 45.7 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50. 60. 7 47. 9 45. aMondays only, cllondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 14,8 47.10 27, 11 0, 1227.1 44.2 17,3 55, 528.7 0, 812. 9 15. Sundays 856. 10 12, 350, 515.9 35. Preston-2 37. 520. 545, 835, 955. 1140. 1225, 225, 348, 445. 6 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 37. 8 43, 3 35, 60 9 45. Runcorn-7 38.8 25.9 43, 11 53,1 55, 330. 512, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105. 11 0, 12 0, 15, 2 le, 258, 40. 5 29. a 6 0. 70,80, a 9 30, 610 20, 10 46. Sun days 90. 11 25. 239. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinlev and Dore Line —855, 1055, 1227. 155. 46, 655. Sundays 55 p:m, St. Helens-5 25, 7 10,8 20,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 127. 1 33, 3 30, 65, 620, 78, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 835. 8 43, 60. 945 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 31. a 9 30, 11 15, 114. 3 15, 40. 53. 65, 7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5. 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20. 7 22, 80. 9 0, 958, 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11, 518, 613. 78. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays. 850. 38, 818. a Satur- rya only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) —7 56, 831.9 5,16 5,11 0.12 0,1 5 19, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60.70. 80. 9 10, a 9 30, 610 23. Sun- di 90. 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays u idnes (L. and N.-W-) —7 38, 825, 9 43, 1010. 1153, 1 55, 330. 5 12,6 17. 80. 948. Sundays. 848. 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37,5 20. 545. 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40. 11 40. 12 25, 115. 225. 3 48,4 45, 525. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47. 9 45. 102, 10 10. Sundays 237. 8 43.3 35. 60. 945 aSaturdays only. TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge—S36. 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 440. 644, 829 Sundays 753, 4 32. Altcar 504 Hillhouse-1 18, 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 20, 2 26.8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550. 720. 90, 11 30. 15, 3 40, 5 50. 7 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (1(101a134)-6 5, 8 50. 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 45 645. 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. 6/3x- . _

- _ opt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30. 850, 1048. 1 55,2 40,3 20,5 34,755. 1012. 1235, Sundays 80. 540. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12. 8 45. 9 55, 1035. 35, 110. 8 3.5. 100. Sundays 725. 1 35. 5 15. 840. Blackpool (Central)-8 0.8 27, 8 55. 9 55. 10 10, 20, 2 50. 4 45, 6 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. Bolton-5 45, 80. 8 40, 9 15. 10 35.12 35. 2 20, 415. 513. 5 55, 8 30. Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 9 20 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 12 104, 6 50, 840, 12 50,1 40, 422,5 38,8 41. Sundays 12S a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. aliondays only. Chester-2 0.7 25. 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 210 280, 345,55. 530, 6 35. 7 35, 8 35. 10 0. Sundays 20.6 30 850. 8 30, p.m. aSaturdays only. Collins Green-6 39,7 16.8 42.10 9.11 28.12 38.1 4,1 43, 210 3 10. 5 28. 6 23, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 8 1 . a.m., 715. t rewe-2 3,4 4.2. 6 0,6 30. 8 13.9 20. 11 5, 11 10. 1 50, 2 35. 4 10,5 40,6 5. 85. 920. Sundays 21. 4 42, 7 10,2 40. 40. 9 12. Daresbury —8 16. 1017. 1143. 2 47. 5 22, 99, 10 37. Sundays 7 21. 737 p.m. aSaturdays only. Derby-8 15, 1020, 1 10, 35. 3 50, 4 45, 70, 83, 412 35 333. Sundays 7 30.6 18,6 50, 3 33. allxcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 43. 659, 720. 846. 9 32, 1013. 11 26, 1250,1 8,1 33.1 47.2 15, 3 14.3 21.5 8.5 53,6 27,7 14,7 38.9 12, 9 20,10 50. Sundays 8 14, 9 52, 40, 724. 9 55. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry ,k Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 12 24, 2 17,3 21 67,6 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 832. 257.87. Frodsham-7 55, 9 3. 102. 1127, 232.41, 527,657.757 855. 10 22a. Sundays 6 59. 716 p.m. aSaturdays only. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627, 7 42, 90. 9 80. 1040. 12 5. 12 56. 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 6 57, 93. 11 21. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-10 10, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 550. 95. Golborne-6 44, 826. 1022. 1228. 241, 535. 7 15, 91, 1042. Sundays 940. 75. Hough Green-6 40.7 55, 8 25, 99, 103.1 9,1 54. 224. 3 19' 50 521,67, 7 11, 9 18. 11 35. Sundays 837. 9 20,3 31, 4 55, 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54. 8 52, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 932 10 5. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 30.4 22, b 5 41. 67. 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (ma Earlestown)-42 .15. 60, 80. 920. 11 50, 30, 30, 430 5 35,8 35, 105, "1115. Sundays 730, 920, a.m. 6 30, 8 40. aMondays only. 'Saturdays only. Via Wldnes-6 25.8 20. 95, 9 55, 12 35, 1 30, 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 620, 65, 810. 1045. Sundays 7 45, 210 720. 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 4 35,9 38, 10 30 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30.1 50,20. 230, 345, 430. 440. 4b). 530. 536. 6 30, 6 35. 7 30. 8 0 8 30. 840. 930. all 45, 11 0, 1130. Sundays 80,9 0, 230. 2 55,4 20,6 30.8 30.833.9 35.aMondays and Saturdays only. London (L. & 15. 7 15.10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 10 0, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m., 50,100. 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10S. 120. 20. 40, 50, 4915 120. Sundays 3 15, 120. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9, 1 11. al 37, 2 5. 250 4 14, 55 3.3. 5 52. 6 41, 7 41, 9 33. 11 19. Sundays 825, 225, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0.9 40,11 0, 11 25, 1 5, 2 40,0. 385,4 25,5 0, 5 10, 7 5, 9 20,10 40. Sundays 80, 839, 90. 9.50, am. 6 0. 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25. 1035, 1235, 15. .200 3 40, 555, 520. 65. 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 7 40,1 4, 6 30. tSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7120, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 9 35, 10 30, 10 45. 11 30. 4230. 12 45, 130, 230. 3 30, 4 30, 4 48, 530. 6 30, 6 38.7 30, 30, 8 33, 9 55, all 50.11 O. Sun- days, 830. 910. 930.10 40,1 40.20 25.6 40, 8 15,9 40. aMon- days and Saturday's only. Middlewieh-6 43, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0,9 6. 11 57, 320 4 55. 6 57. Sundays 8 15.448. Newtonle-Willows.-6 55. 7 30, 842, 924. 10 9. 11 23, 11 52. 1245.1 6,1 30,3 0, 3 43, 47.4 58,5 5.5 49,6 27,7 30,7 35, 99, 9 55, 11 8. Sundays 8 30, 9 49. 10 0, 3 55. 7 20, 11 5. Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 9 0, 10 6. 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. Sun- days, 8 53, 11 20, 2 32. 9 12. 10 13. Preston—a 2 11,182 36,5 50,6 25,9 5, 939. 1120, 11 23, 2 46. 4 %5, 759, 930.10 47. Sundays 211. 8 35,3 15, 6 10, 10 46 438onday5 excepted. ?Monday mornings only Ituncorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 440, 5 4C', 629, 829. Sankey ((or Penketh)-6 51, 8 6. 8 41, 925. 10 19, 11 24, 12 36. 1 38.2 5. 2 40, 344, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 726. 934. Sundays 8 49, 3 4.3, 5 7, 9 29. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 20, 455. 61. Sundays 8 15. St. Helens-6 25, 70, 828. 9 18,, 9 55,11 15.125. 12 50, 130 1 55, 2 55, 4 45, 5 15, 6 10. 70, 90, 1030, "1120. Sunday 750. 9 35,a,m., 655, 95. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord Street)- 8 10, 10 20 11 25, 10. 2 15, 2 50, 3 55, 70,85,a9 0. 9 35. Sundays 9.0, 25,8 O. aSatu.- days only. Thelwall-8 9. 8 36, 9 28, 1010. 1113. 115. al 41, 29, 255, 4 18, b 5 37, 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 2 29, 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Widnes (L. tt N.-W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33, 12 16.1 4, 210, 20, 40,5 0, 5 55, 6 46,8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824. 2 50, 7 59, 11 8. Widnes Cheshire Lines)--8 30,9 15, 109. 11 12, 12 25. 125. 2 30. 335, 4 25. 5 29.6 12. 7 16,7 66.9 25. all 42 Sundays 8 42, 3 36.5 v. 9 7,9 20. aOn Saturolays only. *win-2 41. 35. 633, 815. 931, 1010, 1123, 1215. 26, 4 25. 454, 5 25, 75. 8 52,10 30. Sundays 241, 9 30, a.m.,3 40, 6 55, 11 13.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchlldren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as brightj as a button." Of al hemists, Is. 1 d. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKING COLD.

A " Cold " is not necessarily the result of a high or low temperature. A person may go from a hot bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even, and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contrary,he may take cold by pouring a couple of table- spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by Ent in,g near a window or other opening, where one part of the body is colder than another part. Let it be kept in mind that uniformity of temperature over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon different parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induces congestion of some part. Keep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine, either for preventing or curing a Cold, is

GWILYSI EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS. LIE VEGETABLE TONIC, Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or deprested spirits,brace the Nerves, and remove all Disorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress after Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructations. Heaviness and Langour. Disorders oi the Liver are often caused by defective Digestion. The potency ot the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in

GWILY3I EVANS' QUININE BITTERS,

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved of his load of misery, once more eniqs good health, and looks forward to happiness and long life.

GWILY3I EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC.

Prices : Bottles, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 13d. each. To be had of all Chemists and Wudors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors ; QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FalDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alderman Wright, Mr. S. Wright and Dr (lonian. TRESPASSING- ON THE RAILWAY—TWO 'YOUTHS FINED.— Walter Dyke, 16. Kent-street, and William Haßissell. 32. Old-road. were charged with having on the 4th November, trespassed on the London and North-Western Railway and exposed themselves to danger.—Detectiv.-Inspector k Mins prosecuted on behalf of the Company. —Mr. Wallace. railway detective, stationed at Warrington, said that on the date named be saw the defendants cross the line from the direction of the new houses in James-6treet. They entered a field at the other side of the lines and drove away some cattle. Witness stopped them and asked why they trespassed. Tkey said that sheep sometimes strayed on the line and it was also a short cut. There wer • four boards cautioning people from crossing the line, in the neighbourhood. William Ifde, detective from St. Helens. supported the evidence.—Defend- ants who said they had never been cautioned not to cross the line were fined ss. including costs. CAUSING A HORSE TO BE WORKED WHE/f HNFlT.—Henry Gregg was charged with causing a horse to be worked when loan unfit state on the 18th Nov. list—inspectors Luckings and Belson. R.S.P.C.A., proved the case and de- fendant was fined ss. including costs.

ALLEGED ASSAULT.—A charge of assault was brought by Caroline Tanner against Samuel Beckett for Nov. 23rd..—The case being somewhat obscure the magistrates dismissed it. A CABE SETTLED.—Mr. F. R. Roberts ihformed the Bench that with regard t 3 a case of John Chadwick v. Clara Chad- wick, the parties had both seen him and come to an agree- ment. He. therefore, applied fora v.ithdrawal of the sum- mons. The Bench granted the cpplicat ion. CHARGE oF UsING 'BREAM—Henry Anderton was charged with using threats towards his wite Ellen Anderton, on the 12th inst.—The magistrates, dismissed the case. MoNDAT.—.Before the Mayor (chairman)Alderman Harrison,

Alderman Francomb, and Mr. 'l. Blrchall. - A BRADFORD WOMAN IN TkOUßLE.—Bilen Healey, 34 Havdoek-st., was charged with being drunk and refusing to qua the Central Hotel on Saturday.—P.C. Chrimes said he wa.s called into the hotel to the woman on Saturd .y and he requested her to go several times but she refused, and ha brought her to the police station and locked her up.—A bar- man stated that the defendant when in the hotel threw a pmt glass at him and a half-oint glass at another person.—The Chief Constable stated that from what he could gather the defendant was a Brad ord wo-r an. when she was brmght ,In she was mad drunk and fighting like a wild cat. It was her first offence.—Defendant was tined ss. including costs. A WARRINQTON ROUGH PUNI-MED.—Thomas Friars-green, was charged with being drunk and disorderly In Bridge-st. on Saturday night he was also chlrged with assaulting Amson and Bell at the same time and place. —P.C. Amson said that he saw the defendant drunk and using bad language in Bridge-st on the 3Cth. He refused to go away and butted witness in the chest arid kicked trim On the legs.—P.C. Bell came to his assistance and was also ale saulted.—P.C. Bell said that he saw the disturbance and went to Amnions assistance. Prisoner butted him In the face and burst his top lip and also kicked him about the legs._ This was prisoner's 19 h appearance, and he was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLT.—Pettr Kelly and Thomas Kelly were each fined ss. and c3lts for being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st. on Saturday night ; William Reid, last from Widnes, was charged with a similar offence on Sunday night, but was discharged on promising to leave the town. WORKINGMEN •ND THEIR FOWLS.— InipeCtOr Norman said that with respect to the nuisance in Albert-terrace. Rowley, in which three men were summoned last week, all had re- moved the fowls, and he would withdraw the summons on payment of costs.—Nfr. P. R Roberts. who appeare 4 for the defendants, assented to this course, and the summonses were withdrawn.

A. CABDRIVER Dauxx.--Joseph Lewcock, 37, Aiken-street. Was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and cab In Horsemarket-st, on the 23rd November.—P.C. Amson stated that he found the defendant drunk and asleep inside the cab.—Defendant was fined 51. including costs. A NEGLECTFUL IVER.—Johnson Wilson, 13, Friars' Gate, was charged with having on the 22nd November unlawfully left his cab in Horsem arket it., without anyone in charge of it.—P.C. Delahay said that on the day in question he saw the defendant's horse and cab standing outside the " Big Horse Shoe." It stood there from 25 minutes to 11 to a quar- ter-past. Hr. Browne appeared for defendant, and said that his client had gone to the inn to take up a fare there, but the latter had not turned up and he had gone within the door to await him.—& fine of ss. including costs was imposed. TuzsDar.--Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and Dr. T. Starkey Smith.

Daunt ENNESS.—Elizabeth' Ellison Wall summoned for be- ing drunk and disorderly in Brick-st., the previous night.— Mr. A. Browne said that the husband of the defendant could do no goad with her. She was continually pawning his Clothes and getting drunk. She had broken slx, panes of glass the previous night. He wished to snake a offer to his wife of Ss. per week on condition that she woald leave the home.—Mr. Garnett said that he thought that Ellison was in • very unfortunate conditlon,and it was a pity that he should be fastened to a ssornan like that. She would be sent to gaol for a month.—lienry Taylor was lined 5.. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-road, the previous night.]

NEWTON PETTY SFRSIONS.

SITIIRDAL—Before Mr. B. Stone (chairman), Colonel J. L. Wood, and Mr. C. B. P Borron.

DRUNICENNEBB.—For this offence the following were fined 2s. 6d. and costs : William Hollingsworth, Win wick ; Patrick Ryan. David Jones and Joseph Axon. Newton. William Carr, Newton, was fined ss. and costs. _ _

OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Thomas Holden was fined 20. 6d., for using obscene language at Newton. on Nov. 26th. BREACH OF TILE PEACE —WiIIIAILI Thomas and John Henry Jolley were bound over to keep the peace for three months, for fighting in Newton on November 22nd. A SLEEPY DRIVER --Joseph Lawrence was fined ss. and costs for being asleep while in charge of a horse and cart at Wlnwick on November 22nd.

AN UNMYZZLED Doo.—Augustine Hamill. Newton. was fined 3s. 6d. for showing his dog to be at large on November 12th.

A CRUEL STEPPATHER.—Dtvid Griffiths, 13. Clarence-it!! Barlestown, was charged that on November 6th, and divers other dates, being the guardian of certain children. Thomas, ' James, Charles, Annie. George and Alfred, under the age of 16 years. he ill-treated them so as to cause them unnecessary suffering. Mr. J. W. Knowles, who appeared on behalf of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, said that in January of the year 1894. Griffiths married a widow named Mrs. James, who had four or five children. Boon afte.: they were married, and especially during the past six months, the defendant had continually ill-treated the children by thrashing them and turning them out of doors, with the consequence that the neighbours had to frequently feed the children. A short time previously the wife had summoneii her husband for an assault Out she had subse- quently withdrawn the charge. There were two police officers In the court who would give evidence to the effect that the house was practically destitute of furniture. The children were also badly clothed and were in a very dirty' condition. The wife had not been summoned because she had told a pitiable tile about her husband's conduct, and there- fore the prosecution thought that they would have had a strong witness for the case. That morning, however, her views appeared to have been changed and she now said that her husband was the kindest husband possible. However, if she was called by her husband, he would have an opportunity of cross-examining her, and they would be in a condition to show that she was committing perjury.—lnspector McAteer, N.S.P.O C., was then called and stated that in consequence of complaints made to hini on the 4th of November, he went to defendant's house in company with P.C. Green. He there found the wife and children, who appeared to be almost destitute. He examined the children who were insufficiently clad and were in a very poor condi- tton. On the bed upstairs where the children slept, there was only one sheet, and all four had to sleep In this bed. The woman accounted for the state of the house and children by saying that she was obliged to pawn the furniture to get food for her children and herself, Her husband was frequenVy drunk, and turned out the children. and also smashed up the furniture.—P.C. Burns, and P.C. Green gave corrobora-

===== 0002601_18951207_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1895.

live evidence—Margaret Tay'or, a neighbour of the defend- ants,sald,that on November lst. at eleven o'clock at night,the defendant turned his children nut of doors, although at the time it was raining an very cold. They had nothing on but their chemises. Mrs. Cunliffe, another neighbour also gave evidence of the neglect and ill-usage of the defendant—A step son of the defendant named Thomas was called by the defendant and he denied that the chi'dren were ill-used, and said that his father was not frequently drunk. He however, admitted that the defendant smashed furniture—The defen- dant said that he worked every day and always gave his wife his wages. He admitted turning his children out on Novem- ber Ist, but said that he was only sending them to their mother. He however denied that he had thrashed them more than once or ta ice :—The magistrates considered the ease proved and ordered defendant to be committed to gaol for 14 days' hard labour, QUARREL BETWEEN HORSE TRAINER.9.—Thomas Adams and Henry Skelton were charged with having beaten and as- saulted Samuel Miller on the 3rd November, at Newton—Mr. I B. A. White, of Warrington, appeared on behalf of the corn- plalnant. and said that his client was a stud groom in the employ of Mr. Thompson, and defendants were employes of the same gentleman. Complainant on the day in question, after finishing work, went to the Pied Bull Hotel at Newton, and there me, Adams, who had been discharged from his work. Thinking that complainant hid been the cause of this discharge Adams commenced to abuse him, striki.N him several times. Complainant then left the hotel and defen- dant Adams followed. When they got outside Skelton came up and took the part of Adams. The two defendants then commenced to pull Miller about, and in the scuffle he re- ceived two cuts over the eye. When be reached home a , doctor was called in. and he (complainant) was ordered to remain to hed—Cc,mplaintant bore art this statement,— Several witnesses were called who also proved the assault by Adams.—Skelton stated ti-at he did not touch Miller, and athled that he did not know the reason why he had been brought into court.—Bventitelly the Chairman dismissed the charge against Skelton. and fined Adams. who did not appear to the charge, 40s. and costs. AssauLT ar GOLBeRNE.—Three men named George Unswerth, David Unsworth, and George Unsworth junior were all charged with having assaulted Eliza Thompson, at Golborne, on th- 26th October. Mr. Stuart appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr J. W. Knowles defended. The evidence went to show that complainant is the wife of Mr. James Thompson. landlord of the Assessors' Arms. Got- borne. On the day in question the three defendants with others were Inn public-house playing dominoes. A dispute took place between them, and the landlord interfered A general squabble took place, and the complainant then entered and tried to get her husband away. She was then kicked and otherwise assaulted and put on the fire. In de- fence Mr. Knowles ssid that if Mrs. Thompson was struck at all it was in the scuffle, but as to being put on the fire that charge was absolutely denied. Witnesses were called, and the Bench ultimately convicted George Unsworth and fined him 10s. and costs. They also convicted the two other de- fendant s. and lined them 20s. and casts each. _

BREACH or THE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES ACT.—Alfred Twist, bread-dealer, WAS ch4rged with having neglected to carry scales in his bread-van at Hay(lock on the 19th Novem- ber.—The case haying been proved defendant was fined 20s. and costs.

OBSTRUCTION OF THE HIGHW•Y.—Por having allowed his horse and cart to stand in the highway, thereby causing am obstruction, on the 9th November, at Haydock, a fine of ss. including costs was inflicted upon Thomas Field. ASSAULT ON THE POLICE--Patrick Donoghue was charged with having been drunk and disorderly at Haydock on the 23rd November. and further with having assaulted P.O.'s Rawcliffe and Blackburne. whilst in the execution of their duty at the same time and place.—Evidence having been given by the constables the Bench fined defends t 10s. and costs for the drunkenness. but as the assault case was not a serious one it would be dismissei.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. Mc.Noi.r.—Before Mr. A. Thomas (chairman), and Mr. P. Speak man LICENSE TRANSFERS.—New Inn, High-street. from George Mason to William Anderton ; Anchor Inn, Brunswick-et— from William Anderton to James Hutch ; Waterloo Hotel, High-street, from late Robert John Herries Dyer to Men Dyer, his widow ; Nelson Inn, High-street. from Thomas Blease to Henry Arnold ; Albion Inn, Nelson-street, from Ashton Waterworth to Thomas Dyer; Moulders Arms.ifeath- road, from Robert Hughes to William Sadler ; Volunteer Inn. Granville-street. from George Waugh to John Sadler ; and the Shamrock Inn. Regent street. from David Shaw to John Pye. Joseph Walker was granted Permission to sell at the Castle Hotel. Halton, under the license lately held by Ellen Simpson; and John Leach was allowed similar permission to sell at the Red Lion. Halton, previously held by George Leach. _ _

DRUNZENNFSS —Alfred Joyce. Canal-street. was fined ss. Ineuding costs for b,ing drunk on the 23rd NOVEMUer. DISORDFRLY NORWFAHAN SAILORS.—Martin NICIIOIIIOII, Hamer Olson,Chas. Drews,Christian Crozon,John Anderson, Trygre Christapherser, Louis 1-tacos, all Norwegi an sailors were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Salkeld- square the previous night. and Olsen and Christapherser were also charged with wilfully damaging the window of the dwelling-house of S smuel Glover, I. Salkeld-square. Bach prisoner was fined ss. and 7s. 4d. costs, or iu default seven days' imprisonment.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNFADAY.—Befere the Rev. G. P. Roberts.

DRUNKENNESS —Thomas Bell was fined ss. including costs for being drunk in Burtonwood on the 23rd November,

Dmvimo FURIOUBLY.—A lad named Charles Roberts was charged with having driven furiously In Liverpool-road, Sankey on the 28th Inst.—P.C. Dowtale said the defendant was driving rapidly and knocked a man down. He had been cautioned before.—A fine of ss. was imposed. A NEGLECTFUL CARTHR.—Chw•Ies Smithson was charged with having on the 25th November in PoMton stood 190 yarla from the cart he was in charge of.—Sergeant Barnes proved stopping the horse which had started off itself—De- fendant had stopped at a publichouse to have a drink.—He was fined 10s.

RIOTOUS CoNnucr.—James Bate charged with having in Poulton committed damages to a window belonging to John Cosgrove. Pearnhead-lane, on the 2nd November to the ex- tent of ss.—Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant and said that at midnight on the date named defendant came to complainant's home and coiled him to the window and bee/UM he refused to come down put his fist through & window—Comm lainant and his wife corroberated.—Mr. T.H. Granger defended—Defendant was fined 10s. and ordered to pay the ss. damage.

to seize the oval, passing to Foster,the latter raced away 1 up the field with Scott close behind. At the right moment when further progress was barred he transferred to Scott who notched the second try easily. Lawless neatly converted. The visitors then made a little headway and forced the home team on to the half-way line around which play settled for some minutes. Scott seeing his opportunity seized the ball and passed to Thornton who unfortunately missed the ball which was kicked into touch. Further energy was brought into play by the home team who worked up in front of goal and Clark judiciously passed to Higham who scored a try from which Cawless shot another goal. On restart of play a scrimmage ensued and Price got away but was grassed promptly. Tyldesley seemed to waken up a bit after this and made a formidable rush which Carey checked by kicking in- to touch,and from the line-out and in another scrimmage which followed, ot possession of the ball and passed to Lawless who transferred to Foster and the latter returned again to Lawless, who was however, too near thc touch line to evade his opponents. Another rush was smartly made by the visitors which carried them into the War- rington territory but their stay was brief for Scott breaking away transferred the ball to Carey but the latter was knocked into touch before going far. Almost immediately after the same tactics were repeated further up the field but nothing resulted. Lawless kicked into touch upon the corner of the field, and Clarke bounded over but his try was unconverted. Half time arrived with Warrington leading by 2 goals, 2 tries to nil. In the second half Warrington immediately assumed the aggressive but the Tyldesley forwards made their mark several times,the free kicks giving them a little respite.A well organised rush however gave Warrington the advan- tage again and Thornton,evading his opponents, scored The kick failed. Foster here retired hurt, his loss being immediately noticeable in the weakened pressure of the homesters. They however maintained the offensive but could not effect a score and after some minutes of rather uninteresting play,time was called with a victory lying to the credit of the Warriugtenians of 2 goals, 3 tries (19 points) to nil.

RUNCORN-V. BRODGRTON BANGERS (" A " TEAMS.) ' These teams met on the Wheaters Field, Broughton, on Saturday, before fully 2,000 people. Shaw started for Runcorn, and after a series of scrimmages, Woodward led a smart dribble to the Rangers' line, Smethurst say- ing finely. The Runcorn forwards retaliated, and screw- ing the packs gave the Rangers an anxious time. Keep- ing up the pressure Dunbs yin made a capital attempt from a free kick. Half-time score :—Runcorn, nil ; Broughton Rangers, nil. Re-commencing, no return was made to Anderson's hick-off.and a series of mulls by the Runcorn backs ended in T. Wall scoring,Hartley placing a goal. This was not the only misfortune in store for the Runcornians, as shortly from the kick-out the Run- corn custodian made a poor attempt to gather the ball, and another try resulted. After this Runcorn played up strongly, and from forward play T. Richardson made a grand rush and scored between the posts, Dunbavin's kick hitting the posts. Strenuous efforts were now put forth by the Cestrians to equalise, and it was marvellous how they kept out, but the home backs defended in faultless style. Final score :—Broughton Rangers, one goal, one try ; Runcorn, one try.

WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S V. WARRINGTON (MR. FAIR. TURNER'S 'Tnear).—These teams met on the St. Mary's ground on Saturday, before a large crowd of specta- tors. Mr. Turner's team included a large number of well-known players, among them being Boscew, Dakin, Berry, Evans, Massey, Potts, and " Smack "Bate. The visitors won the toss, and Thomas kicked off. The home team pressed at the start, but the visiting forwards, led by Dakin and Turner, drove them back, and the play settled down on the homester's line. Evans got nicely away from a scrimmage, and passed to Potts, who was grassed by Higginbottom. Grand passing by the whole of the Saints' backs took the ball to the lice, Siddall being tackled in the nick of time. Bate and Griffiths dribbled the ball down the field, but Roughley saved. Give-and-take play followed, neither side claiming sny advantage until Mason broke finally away, enabling Berry to score at the corner just on half time, Hampson kicking a grand goal. Turner restarted, and no return being made, play rested in the home quarters. A smart run and kick by Warburton changed the venue. The Saints' forwards screwed the scrimmage, and rnade tracks for the visitors' line, and kicking past Boscow Templeton scared, and Hampson just failed to kick the goal. From the drop out Berry and Dakin rushed the ball down the field, but found Roughley very safe. Rig- ginbottom now broke away, and e.ross-kicking, a race ensued between Hampson and Grffiths, the latter kick- ing the ball dead. The home team were now hard pressed, and Potts gave Massey a grand chance, but Johnson forced him into touch. The Saints' forwards again relieved, and play rested in the visitors' quarters. Time was shortly afterwards called, the Saints' winning by eight points to nil.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
• "HAVE YOU BEEN VACCINATED ? "

"What a question to ask a doctor who has this morn- ing vaccinated twenty-three cases !" " In this matter," my friend answered, " yeu doctors and the public are in the same position. Come now you know perfectly well that it is the doctors' children who are most often not vaccinated, because the doctors know beat the dangers of the diseases that follow vaccination, and the utter inability of the profession to cure those diseases. Is it not true," he continued, "that since the days of Ihctor Telmer many of you have sought, but never discovered, a cure for those dreadful diseases which blight and destroy so many children yearly,and leave many more to grow up physi- cal wrecks,covered with blotches, pimples, papules,sores about the ears and mouth and in the hair, tortured with eczema, inflam6d eyelids, and many diseases of bones and internal organs, all of which are both obstinate and severe, and all tt e result of vaccination ?"

"A heavy accusation you bring against us doctors," I replied. "True," he answered, "but one borne out by facts. You have all done the best you could, but you must ad- mit that you have all failed." "I am compelled to admit it, because you and all the world know it to be true. The reason of our failure is this : Nature intended that all diseasee should be contracted either by swallowing or inhaling germs, most of which would thus be either weakened or des- troyed before they entered the blood, aud she provided herbs for the cure of all these diseases. In vaccination the germs are carried by the vaccinator's knife directly into the blood without any weakening",r thinning. The diseases resulting thereby were not provided for by Na- ture, and so we have no remedy for them. It is Nature's fault, not the doctors',"

" Hold !"be cried, "there you are wrong. Nature, assisted by man, a great man and a great doctor, has discovered an absolute preventive and cure, not a single herb, but a combination of herbs scientifically com- pounded and carefully tested. In hospital and private practice it has been succcssfully used, both as a preven- tive and as a cure, without a single failure. Give it." he said, as he handed me a bottle of Vaccination Virus Vanquisher, or V.V.V., " to those you are vaccinating, and your patients will no longer dread the operation, as it will enter the blood unchanged from the stomach, and by its antiseptic action destroy all the germs before they have had any opportunity to injure the constitution. Give it to those who are suffering from the effects of your previous vaccinations and they will be speedily cured. The accompanying testimonials will satisfy you, but a careful trial will positively convince you." I found the testimonials so satisfactory, and his argu- ments so reasonable, that, although I am an old prac- titioner, I commenced using it at once, and now use it largely every day of my life. Up to the present it has not failed once, either as a preventive or as a cure, and I am convinced that "V.V.V." is a great discovery, and a boon to both the public and the conscientious doctor. —" The Modern Family Doctor." The price 2s. 9d. per bottle, places it within the reach of all. It may be obtained from all Chemists, or from the V.V.V. Company, Limited, 31, Snow Hill, London, E.C., who will send a pamphlet on the subject to all who apply.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN CATHOLICS AND THE EDITCA-

TION Q GESTION.

, Cardinal Vaughan and his brother prelates have issued a declaration on the Roman Catholic position in regard to the education controversy. They say that they are unab:e to undertake, like the Anglican Church, a great annual contribution towards the maintenance of public elementary schools. For the larger number of Catholic schools it is impossible to ensure continued voluntary contributions in any fixed proportion,and they demand that the whole cost of maintenance in their public el.‘- mentary schools shall be defrayed by the State—a de- mand which, they declare, is constitutional in principle and in actual accordance with Parliamentary legislation in the case of Ireland,and also in the case of English and Scotch reformatory schools. L'ird Russell of KiHowell (Lord Chief Justice), speaking at a meeting of Roman Catholics in London on Tuesday evening, said the State must recognise the inalienable right of children to he educated in the religion of their parents. Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P. who was also among the speakers, em- phatically declared, in the name of the Catholics in Par - liament, that in this matter there was for them abso- lutely no surrender.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: jj:

===== 0002601_18951207_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

( I 80. G. HUSSEY & CO.. are the leading makers of appli- ances for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sportsand Games,also for Gymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from Local Dealers or the tiPoirre M•NUFACTORY. London S.E.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. TYLDESLEY.

For some weeks past the Warrington first team have been singularly unfortunate, suffering defeat Limn after time, but only as a rule,by a point or two. Tyldesley, whom they played on Saturday, were in a somewhat similar position,having lost several matches lately. The meeting of the two teams was bound to change the luck of one of them, and Warrington turned out to be the favoured team. There were two changes on the selected team, flouehton and O'Brien taking the places of Bate and Nevins at half-back, this being O'Brien's second appearance in that position. Tyldesley had the team they have played for the past two or three weeks. The game was a peculiar one from start to finish, but as it went in favour of Warrington there is no reason to complain of that. The visitors played very strongly all through, while Tyldesley played loosely and gave their opponents opportunities which they were not slow to take advantage of. The weather was of a most disagree- able character, being cold arid damp, and a mist hung over the field which almost prevented half the game being seen by the spectators. The ground in parts was also very sloppy owing to the recent rain and this was certainly not couducive to good or accurate play. The teams were as fellows : Warrington : Heesom,full back ; Barber (captain),Cross, Burton and Broady, three•quarters ; Houghton and O'Brien. half backs ; Burrows, Barrett, Andrews,Taylor, Swift, Fairhurst, Wilcock and Hill, forwards. Tyldesley: A. Trow, full back ; Lawton, Worthington, Miller and Elliott. three-quarters; J. Berry and W. Berry, half backs ; Woodward (captain), 'fin ler. Shepherd, Fox, J. Roberts. W. Roberts, Berry and Mullooney, forwards, The Warrington team were accompanied by about a Lundred of their supporters, the railway company run- ning a special train. The unfavourable weather doubt- less prevented many football enthusiasts accompanyieg the team. The kick off was announced for three o'clock but it was a quarter past before Woodcock, for Tyldes- lev, set the hall in motion. Warringten made a splendid return, but kicks by Miller, Lawton and Worthington took the ball back into Warrington quarters, and the homesters securing two free kicks within a few minutes of each other began to look dangerous. From the last free kick, the home forwards passed, and Warrington relieved the pressure by touching down. Ther,however, soon made amends for this by invading the home quar- ters, and making a determined attack on the home goal, Burton, Barber and Broady putting in some useful work. The first named who had taken O'Brien's place at half back, played with exceptional vigour and was in no small degree instrumental in obtaining the victory in which the game ended. Some loose play at centre ended in Warrington gaining an advantage, and the Tyldesley , backs not fielding the ball well O'Brien got over the line near the corner, and to the astonishment of the Tyldesleptes Burton converted the point into a goal. Elated by their success, Warrington played up splendidly, the home team being overplayed at all points, and it was not long ere Barber getting possession managed to circumvent the Tyldesley backs and place the ball under the goal posts. Burton again took the place kick and landed goal number two. Half-time was shortly afterwards called, with Warrington leading by twe goals to nothing. The news was, as usual, wired to the Wilderspool ground and the reply quickly came back, "Don't believe it." In the second half, Warring- ton played more on the defensive. With two goals to their credit they could afford to do so. The play gener- ally was of a low order. As the result of a scramble near the Warrington line, " Buff " Berry got over but he was held by two IVarrington players before he could ground the ball, and the referee ordered a scrimmage. Berry again succeeded in getting over, and this time grounded near the corner flag. Lawton tried for goal but failed. The rest ef the game was of an uninteresting character, and time was called with the score, Warring- ton two goals, Tyldesley one try. The Tyldesleyites claimed that the referee had stopped the game several minutes before time, but there must have been some misapprehension. Half-an-hour each way was played, and in the second half, half-an-hour was certainly played. The referee, Mr. Ingle. of Stockport, at times I during the game seemed a little nervous, and once or twice revised his decisions, but he certainly let the teams I play the time agreed upon. After leaving the field it is said that one or two roughs tried to assault the referee, and Woodward. the Tyldesley captain, knocked one of I them into a ditch.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. BROUGHTON RANGERS,

At Runcorn on Saturflay. The teams turned out in the following order :—Runcorn : J. Butterworth, back ; T. Warder, Herbert Myers, George Robinson and W. Gayter, threequarter backs ; J. Faulkner and Walter Pendlebury, half backs ; W. Faulkner, H. Farmer, J. Langley, R. Reece, F. Gaytor, S. Walker, 11. Williams, and R. Lightfoot, forwards. Broughton Rangers :S. Hassall, back ; J. Hacking, A. Chapman, A. Barrett, and G. Berry, .threequarter backs : T. Garrity and A. New- man, halt Wats ; G. Skidmore, C. Richardson J. Fitton, J. Sheppard, J. Chapman, T. Cleminsen, S. Richardson, and C. Thompson, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. Dillon, War- rington. _ _

Faulkner started against a stormy wind, the Rangers baying the advantage. After some rather uninteresting play Chapman caused a flutter by a good attempt at goal, the ball dropping below the bar. Several sharp scrimmages followed. The home forwards heeled out, but neither J. Faulkner nor Pendlebury had one oppor- tunity to slip away,so keenly were they watched by their opposing halves. This went on for a time until the home forwards, led by Walker and Langley, broke away with some short passing, which ended in F. Gayter scor- ing, Farmer failing at rather a difficult place. The match up to this point had been rather slow. Some passing by the home hocks was intercepted by Barrett,who at once threw to Hacking. The latter sprinted away,lout Butter- worth made a good tackle within his 25. The interval arrived with Runcorn leading by three points. The fast following up of the forwards completely broke up the Rangers. Barrett was at fault,having his kick charged, and Pendlebury snapped the chance and went for the line, grounding the ball Warder kicked a goal. Following up this Hacking made play at the home end,but by easy stages the ball was taken back again. 4. fine bout of passing by Myers, Warder, W. Faulkner, and Robinson gave Fendlebury the chance to score his second try, Warder again kicking the goal. The light now became so bad that it was difficult to watch the different points. Eventually Runcorn scored another try. Final result : Runcorn, two goal two tries ; Rangers, nil.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKPORT V. WIDNES.

At Stockport before 4,000 spectators. Widnes had the best of the opening exchange, but owing to fine defence by Saville were unable to score. Robinson was promin- ent for the homesters. Nothing had been scored at the interval. On resuming, Sands ran well for the homesters but was brought down by Goulding near the line. The visi ors scored five minutes from time,the place kick be- ing successful. Result :—Widnes,one goal (five points); Stockport, nil.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

meeting of the General Committee of the Northern Union was held at the Spread Eagle Hotel, Manchester on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. E. Warren (Wairington) presided. A resolution was passed that S. Hall late of Swinton, he allowed to play under the rules of the Northern Union.Sotne time ago Hall went abroad,and be- fore going was presented with a money testimonial by the Swinton Club. This made him a professional under the rules of the English Rugby Union. Returning, he applied to be reinstated, but his application was refused. It is not known which cluNin the Northern Union, Hall will play with. Referees were instructed to report cases of late starts, stating which club is in fault ; and it was de- cided that such clubs should bg'fined at the discretion of the Committee. This resolution will take effect from the 14th instant. The remainder of the business was of a routine character.

WARRINGTON "A " v. TYLDESLRT " A."—On Satur- day the Tyldesley " A " team paid a visit to Warring- ton to play of their first fixture with the home "A " for this season. Arriving half an hour after the advertised time, they rendered it necessary for two 25's to be played in order that the game might finish before dark- ness closed in. The day was fine and the ground in fair condition considering the amount of rain which had fallen on it so recently. There was a good attendance of spectators and the teams selected to battle for the victory were :—Warrington : Full back, Spruce; Carey, Scott,Lawless and Foster,three-quarters;Price and Clarke, half-backs ; Hughes, Therniley Thornton, Hampton, Higham, Scholtze, e.tivage and Bailey, forwards. Tyldes- ley : Ferrimond, full back ; Scott, Evans, flampson, and Thornton, three-quarters ! Hayes and Kaye, half- backs ; Middleton, Unsworth, Leach, Thrustle, Jacques, Ball, Ortnrod, and Whitehead, forwards. The first half of the game was played under the new rule of half- backs not being allowed to pass the last man in scrim- mages. A remarkably fast and open game was the re- sult. The home team played from tne railway end and against the wind. Winning the toss Warrington started the game and there being no return, followed up the ball which was knocked into touch. From the ensuing line-out Thornily secured and before being tackled man- -1 aged to pass to Carey which was a brief but speedy run I succeeded in crossing the line. The goal kick failed, but 1 Warrington still continuing the pressure enabled Scott

===== 0002601_18951207_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWN BY THE CURES!

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint. Diseas.s of Kidneys Mulder Stone. bc atica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a p -naive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and it not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. lid, of all Chemists. or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to Wit, Proprietor and a box will be seat.next post.—Advt.j.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
___-_-,tn

===== 0002601_18951207_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
AS -OCIATION.

ST. PETER'S C.L.B. V. SANKEY C.L.B.—This match was played on Saturday on the Rectory ground. San- key won the toss,and Holbrook kicked off for the Saints against a strong wind. During the first half the Saints pressed hard,and Fairhurst was called upon many times to save. Half time soon arrived with no score. In the second half play was very fast.each goal being visited in turn. In the last five minutes Holbrook gave Gregory a grand pass,that player sending in a fine shot,which beat the Sankey goalkeeper. Soon after the whistle sounded for time, and the Saints were left victorious by one goal to nil.

HOLY TRINITY, WARRINGTON V. FRODSRAM.—This match was played at Frodsham on Saturday. In point of physique there was no comparison in the two teams, the Frodsham team being a powerful combination com- pared to the wiry Warringtonians. ID:waver, what the latter lacked in strength was more than counterbalanced in scientific methods,for throughont the game Frodsham failed to cope with the superior tactics of the visitors. At the onset the home side scored a goal,and maintained the lead for some considerable time, but eventually the Warringtonians drew level as a result of excellent com- bination, whilst in the latter stages of the game the visitors claimed almost a monopoly of the attack, and their efforts culminated in another goal, which gave the Trinitarians the victory by two goals to one.

EVERTON COMBINATION V. LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT COMBINATION.—The above teams met to give an exhibi- tion of Association football on the St. Elphin's ground.' Wilderspool Causeway,on Saturday. The day threatened to be a repetition of the experience when they were last down here at the beginning of the season. Luckily,how- ever, the rain kept off, and a good muster of spectators witnessed a splendid game. The teams lined up as fol- lows at 2.45 :—Everton : Hiles, goal ; McDonald, Stor- Tier, backs ; Kelso, Meiklejohn,Elliott,balf-backs ; Reay, Williams. Chadwick, Flewitt, Schofield, forwards. Dis- trict: Wilkinson, goal ; Taylor, Molyneux, backs ; Willoughby, Hughes, Curtin, half-backs ; Duckworth, Hickinbottem, Harcombe, Asking, Higgins, forwards. The game was even for the first 15 minutes, and then Everton opened the scoring with a good goal from Kelso. This livened the game considerably, and both sides played hard up to the interval, when the professionals led by three goals to nil. Afterwards, though the Dis- trict played up pluckilv,the Everton men were too quick and speedy for them, and the splendid passing of the Everton forwards could not be beaten. When time was called Everton had added four more goals through Kelso, Williams,Flewitt,and Chadwick,aed the final score read Everton seven, District nil.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN AND BRITISH TRADE.

As the result of consultations with the High Commis- sioner for Canada, the Agents General of the other self- governing colonies, and the principal Chambers of Commerce in the United Kingdom, Mr. Chamberlain has drawn up a despatch on the subject of the trade between the United Kingdom and the colonies, and has forwarded a copy to all the Colonial Governors. He says he wishes to investigate thoroughly the extent to which in each of the colonies foreign imports of any kind have displaced or are displacing similar British goods and the causes of such displacement, and he asks for information which will assist in securing as large a share as possible of the mutual trade of the United Kingdom and the colonies for British manufacturers and producers, hether located in the colonies or in the United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER SHOCKING OUTRAGE ON A

BOY.

Ancther shocking crime was perpetrated in London on Tuesday. A little boy named Cattle was missed by his mother, who, in view of the fact that a child was mur- dered in the same locality two months ago, became greatly alarmed for his safwty. A diligent search was made, and in a stable, the door of which had to be forced open, the poor child was at length found securely tied up in a sack beneath a pile of market baskets. There were wounds in the chest and abdomen, and had the discovery been delayed a little longer the child must have perished. The inquiries of the police resulted in the discovery that a youth named Gamble, who was arrested for the previous crime but discharged for want of evidence, was the last person seen in the child's com- pany, and the police at once rearrested him. The boy Gamble, who is charged with the attempted murder of a little boy named Cattel in Islington, London on Tuesday night, and who is also strongly suspected of murdering another little boy in the same neighbour- hood two months ago, was brought up at tha Clerken- well Police Court on Wednesday, and remanded. The prisoner's only answer to the usual question from the Bench was that there was a glass roof to the stable in which the child was found, and that anybody could get in by moving the glass.

Lord Salisbury has followed up the gift of Heligoland to the Germans by handing over to them the small island of Mondoleh, on the West African coast. Arthur Covington was executed at Bedford on Tues- day for the murder a his cousin, Effie Burgin, to whom he had been paying attention.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES, ETC.

CASSELL AND Co.—The usual sixpence purchases the Christmas number of Cassell's magazine, but with it you get reading matter to the value of half- as-much again. Not only is the magazine proper more than usually attractive but there is thrown in "free,gratia,and for nothing," an illustrated supple- ment of 16 pages which are filled with a story of Australian adventure entitled"lrralie'sßushranger." Mr. E. W. Horming is the author of the story—one of excitement and interest and possessing all the attraction Mr. Hornuing is supposed to be able to endow his contributions with. Among the items in the first part of the magazine, which this month enters upon its 22nd year of publication, are a warmly coloured print of a drawing by S E. Wal- ler, entitled " Love's Messenger," 'The Devil's Manuscript," complete story by S. Levett Yeats; the opening chapters of a continued story by that powerfully dramatic veriter,Mr. Frank Barrett, en- titled " A Missing Witness " ; " Freaks and Tricks in Handwriting," by an expert; and many ether similar gems of literature. An excellent prize com- petition has been devised, providing prizes from .£1 to £2O to the person who indicates most success- fully the relative popularity of the contents of the December part and the person who gives the best answer to the quest'on as to which item he likes best; a further four prizes are offered for the best suggestions of three subjects for the coming voiume.—Other magazines by the same publishers which it they have not all achieved popularity, are at least valued for their merits, are " Cassell'a Natural History," by Dr. P. M. Duncan, F.R.S. (part 62), which promises to be one of the most complete and capably written books of its kind yet extant; " Picturesque America" (part 33) is an education in itself, and provides a chronicle of America's natural beauties, many of which are reproduced, which has never before been attempted with such success in this country ; "Our Earth and its Story " (part 35), merits the same description,and is edited by Dr. Robert Brown, MA., F.R.0.5., F.L.S. ; " Cas- sell's Gazetteer "of Great Britain and Ireland (part 27), which, when complete, will be invaluable as a complete topographical dictionary of the United Kingdom, containing numerous illustrations and 60 maps; " Cassell's New Popular Educator" (part 15), gives information and teaching in almost all branches of knowledge, as well as combines pro- fuse illustrations with some 50 plates and maps printed in colours;" The Queen's London "(part 4) one of the newest of the periodicals from this office, provides all England with 384 faithful views of the metropolis and its environs cleanly printed. A cheap edition of "Science for All " by Robert Brown, M.A., Ph. D., F.L.S., F.R.G.S., has been com- menced this month. Each part is to contain 96 pages and the whole volume of 20 parts will con- tain over 1,700 illustrations. This edition at 6d. per month puts within the reach of all, scientific knowledge which as well as being interesting is I bound to be of use sometime or other. Good paper is used in the production of "Science for All," and the printing is all that could be desired at the price. C. Ammon PEAnsore.—This enterprising pub- lisher of popular periodicals, brings before the notice of the public another sixpenny magazine, bearing his familiar name as a "hall-mark,' viz, " Pearson'e Magazine." We have always noticed in reviewing magazines of this stamp that they so fairly bristle with an impenetrable armour of good points that we cannot anyhow "pick holes in them "—not that we have any wish to do so other than by faik criticism—and the newest arrival does not seem to have departed from the rule of its many illustrious predecessors. To begin with ,number one contains over 100 pages of articles, stories, and sketches by such prominent writers as Anthony Hope, Bret Harte, Sir Walter Besant, W. L. Alden, Robert Barr, Barry Pain, Archibald Forbes, Allan Upward, etc., etc.; further, among the illustrators are R. Caton Woodville, A. Forestier, J. F. Sullivan, Hal Hurst,R.Sauber,Chris Hammond, G. G.Manton,Charles May,etc., etc. A series of articles which commences in No. lis " Artists and their Work." being brief notes on prominent painters, with the portraits of some, and representative ex- amples of their work; another is " What it costs " —the public likes to be "in the know" of what a familiar thing costs—and this series explains the working expense of various companies, etc., begin- ning with the London and North-Western Railway Company, and some remarkable facts are given. "Secrets of the Courts of Europe," also appeals to the taste of everyone who takes the slightest inter- est in home and foreign administration as well as In the private affairs of royalty. The remaining budget of contents is too extensive and varied to attempt to detail and we can only go on to the end of the number where the editor is allowed a little latitude to make his announcements. Here he says if" Pearson's Magazine" is not the best sixpenny- worth that has hitherto been produced it will be a failure—frem our view of its quality we cannot entertain the idea of its failure—and he adds that the highest point has not yet been reached but ex- presses confidence in it being attained,and promises that succeeding numbers will surpass this first essay both in interest and appearance. Several of the forthcoming dainties are mentioned and we can only conclude by expressing our desire to taste them, and also our humble opinion that consider- able ingenuity will have to be exercised before any improvement is effected. MACMILLAN AND CO.—Two more of the People's edition of Tennyson', works have been issued in " Locksley Hall," and" A Dream of Fair Women," each containing several smaller poems. For the benefit of those who may not yet have seen this series booklete,we are pleased to state that they are essentially neat and handy, and their. individual price is ls.—Of the Kingsley Pocket edition, "Two Years Ago "is the latest arrival. Like the preced- ing numbers it is of some 300 pages, lightly but clearly printed, and quietly bound in blue cloth. Price Is. 6d.—Another of the Illustrated Standard Novels is Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice," with first-class sketchy illustrations by Charles E. Brock, who gave such satisfaction by his treatment of the scenes in " The 'annals of the Parish and the Aryshire Legatees." Mr. Austin Dobson furnishes in his introduction to the book, an interesting out- line of the public and private career of Miss Austen both before and after her production of " Pride and Prejudice," rightly regarded as her masterpiece. Mr. Dobson says "To say nothing of the supreme excellence of the dialogue, there is scarcely a page but has its little gem of exact and polished phras- ing; scarcely a chapter which is plot adroitly opened or artistically ended Criticism has found little to condemn in the details of this capital novel."—The "Century and "St Nicholas" magazines for December are special Christmas numbers and in addition to the standard class of literature which they usually contain, are articles, stories, or sketches, suitable to the period of the year and the character of the number. The most important of these in the " Century "is an article on Tissot's " Life of Christ "by Edith Coues, which is not only an example of capable treatment of the subject in hand, but the illustrations pertaining to it are beautiful in the extreme, being reproduced by permission of Messrs. Mame and Son,of Tours. The frontispiece to the magazine is "Jesus found in the Temple" from the painting by James Tissot.—" The History of Mankind"has now reached part 3,and fur ther evidence is afforded by it that this history by F.Ratzel is going to beef extreme value as a reliable chronicle of all pertaining to the human race from its commencement, up to date. Various races are dealt with, and the whole subject is treated in a very capable manner. A richly coloured plate of Malay fabrics and weapons prefaces the number, which also contains numerous illustrations of mem- bers of uncivilized tribes, their implements and commoner utensils, &c. Thirty parts of is, each will complete the volume. TER " QUEEN " PUBLISHING COMPANY.—The Christmas number of the" Queen,"the ladies' news- paper, does not strike us as being so much superior to the ordinary edition as it might be. A few leas special articles on subjects certainly prominent,but somewhat stale, with a like moderation of chronic- lism of events,would we venture to think,have been more of an attraction for Christmas reading, par- ticularly if they were replaced by items of a more literary character dashed with Yule-tide cheerful- ness. What articles and short stories there are, are good and creditable to the tone of the number, but it is the tone of the number that could have been advantageously varied. Amusements, music, art, fashions, Sec., are accorded their quota of space and will be of benefit to many. No fault can be found with the plates presented in the edition,"His Lord- ship," from the picture of W. R. Symonds, and "The Gipsy Queen?! The former is a faithful representa- tion of the original and the latter is a toned photo- graphic reproduction. Both make pleasing wall decorations.

A. CONSTABLE AND CO.—NO. 3 of the "University Ext.nsion Journal," published under official sanc- tion, by this firm, contains among other important articles, etc., a report of the Conference of Northern Associations at Halifax, Sir John Gorst on" Univer- sity Extension," "On a Sussex River," by II.:E Maiden, M.A., and official announcements.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. WARD, LOCK AND Bowozn.—We have received an advance copy of the "Windsor Maga-, zine " Christmas number which is published to-dais and we can give it nothing but the highest recom- mendation. Presented with the number is a a page re-production of " A Study in Scarlet," by A. Coman Doyle, the first and one of the most famous' books about the renowned Sherlock Holmes. The novei is well printed, capably illustrated, and possessed of a cover both striking and suggestive • of the title. This piece of enterprise on the part of the publishers cannot but be highly sppreCi-- ated by the many readers of the" Windsor: The latter itself is almost double its usual size and full of reading matter of the most interesting character. :At the commencement is a reproduction of a water-colour drawing by the Q teen, when Princess Victoria, in 1831. The Quena permissiohl has been graciously ;acceded to ,e publishers to print thi+ picture which represents an old lady reading a bible on her knee. As to the remainder of the items we can only say they are similar, :or ever - a little batter than the engaging contents of the ordinary numbers.

CALIFORNIA •Syrup

, OF - 4 Fl gs • ,

Gentle, pleasant, but thorough in action, it is universally ae• = •-. knowledged that SYRUP OF FIGS • - is the very perfection of laxa- tive and purifying remedies Millions of bottles are annually sold with the approval and -jç support of the most eminent r, , doctors in England and • America. Whilst being most agreeable to the palate, it is more beneficial than any mere purgative preparation. Too gentle in action to be regarded as an ordinary purgative, it is, nevertheless, prompt and un- . •%, ' failing in the permanent cure of CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, AND ALL KINDRED COMPLAINTS, because it ads surely and safely on the Kid- neys, Liver, and Bowels, with weakening or irritating those organs. It dispels colds and fevers, and disorders arising therefrom, and keeps every function regular. liemembor that their and original Syrup of Figs is prepared only by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO. Of Chemists everywhere. Price 1/1i and 2t9 per bottle, or Pos& free on receipt of price, from the Depot for Great Britain & Colonies: 32 Snow Hill, London, E•C"

.la tv.

7 .1 •

7 -.'

===== 0002601_18951207_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT AGAINST

A "YOUTH.

_— At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Wedee.. day, before Mr. John Fairclough and Mr. J. H. Fienliers Marsh,h aving Frederick Miller, a youth of about 18, was charged Wits sotno stolen ne 01st embezzledNovem besr,3.i n being o niva. andservanto no f Job el other dates sums amounting to £8 6s. 7d., recei him on behalf of his master. Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins pro" secuted, and Mr. A. Browne defended. Mr. Jenkins in opening the case, said that the prose. cutor, Mr. John Marsh, was the proprietor of the Fare mere' Stores, Warrington, and the defendant had been employed by him for about 15 months. About a week vdeidvetri; ago suspicions were aroused as to the correctness of dee pendant's returns of money, and in consequence of Borne linformation conveyed to Mr. Marsh, he called the dee fendant into his private office and inquired whether it I was correct that over £l5 had been collected. He ad' mitted that he had received the money, aed offered £9. promising to bring the remainder. In the meantime Mr. Marsh had instructed Mr. .Williams, accountant, to vestigate his accounts, and the result was that instead of there being ne doubt as to the payment of £l5, there was also a large number of other items unaccounted for. This resulted in defendant being asked into the prirate 'office and there confronted with all the batch of biller. The whole lot were gone through, and prisoner admitted that he had received the money and not accounted for it. The total amount was £35 103.00. He (Mr.Jenkinst had selected three items, one from Mrs. Mort, Lymra, of. £3 lie. qd., another from Mrs. Whitfield, Lymm. £3 9s. elee., and one from Mrs.Bleaee, of Grappenhall,of is. 5d., but in order that the case might be dealt with summarily he would take the following small sure/ forming part of three totals :—Mrs. Mort, ss. : Mre' Blease, 2.10 d. ; and Mrs. Whitfield,s3. EV. Mr. Jenkinill mentioned that Mr. Marsh did not wish to press the WO uKe ce sis a rilv,asie h t the last. Mrs. first offence, and trustedhi t would b Mrs. Mort, Booth's Hill, Lyinin, then stated thst 11110 paid defendant Sc. on the Ist November at her ehoPe Mrs. Whitfield, Cherry-lane Lyinm, stated that she flaw paid him ss. 80. on the 18th at Lymm, and Mrs.Bleaeer Cherry-lane,Grappentialessid she had paid Miller 25.1001. on the 23rd November, at Orappenhall. Evidence as to the checking of the accounts was give° • by Mr. Williams, accountant, and Miss Fanny March. Mr. Browne for the defence, said he was surprised !I his friend not putting the prosecutor in the box aeb knew Mr. Marsh condoned the offence by reeeiving all from defendant on account of the money. It we'e Elie very well to say they were sorry for the defendant. explanation was that Mr. Marsh had opened a shop nue Lymm conducted by a Mrs. Daniels,the wife of a fuel: cutter, and she received her meat from Mr. Mareh• his rounds at Lye= defendant had to call on Mrde.: : Daniels and some weeks ago she could not pay dereee. ant and induced him to lend her the money he had o_ _ lected. He, very unwisely, lent her £7 and £B, and other money. Mrs. Marsh knew perfectly wed stn.!' this loan. Defendant could not keep on bringing Ta money as he was trying to hide Mrs. Daniels. Efo efiso not embezzle it but told Mr. Marsh that Mrs. Dalai.: had borrowed money from him. Mr. Marsh, lwe suggested to him that he had better go out and boeru;:,„.. some money to see if he could not repaY He allowed defendant half-a-day off to enable to get the money, and a gentleman advanced biro etre towards it. On Monday night Mr. Marsh, sen., Ben; him what they had been doing with him at LYPere, Defendant said he was sorry hut he was persuadeeeee'ee Mrs. Daniels to lend the money. He asked forth tr:e mattercei v ed the e told m M had got and defendant gave it to him. He had e_e: receipt from Mrs. Daniels and she denied thatshe o w h - money.r aWhenrsh that Miller'sls at the them. Mr. Marsh then asked if they could fine: u . woe ca se said They did not think they could. Mr. 13:se of said he mentioned this to show that it was eyrong embezzlement, but a simple misappropriation or mrs. zf9a thhaedr not heard cane_r f the applying of the money by lending the money t° bias Daniels. Mr. Marsh, he ventured to ear, had lout _fter self in an awkward position by issuing a warrant 'land receiving £9 on acccunt. That was a condocation, _ civil Mr. Marsh had turned the case by his action int° ;I: debt and therefore there could be no embezzler:len'. prosecute too Mr. Marsh had sail he would not P ted thee! Mr. and Mrs. Miller, Appleton Cross, both sta defendant. Mr. Marsh, sen., said that his son told him that M laear had been lending Mrs. Daniels money and that l M I' a ee4o. promised to bring £9 if he would forgive him. be bad when he arrived, offered £9 towards the £l5 ,-,a— el WI lent. Miller said he had no receipt from Mrs. V e and the latter had said she did not owe a single P(.3oele'eee Mr. Browne said the three sums they were Pr°"e for were part of the money lent to Mrs. Daniels. Mr. Marsh said he had no reason to doubt it. The Chairman said they considered that there bad heed condonation and they dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
- A CLEVER MECHANICAL TOY.

-- A toy which appeals equally to the child and the adult is the " Patent Magic Box," which is all that it 10 Claimed to be—fascinating, endlessly amusinf,f,scientifief tO and instructive. By it, dolls and figures are Made dance and gyrate about the magnetised pin through til° centre, with the utmost simplicity. There Ls nothing t° learn in order for the possessor to make it work, and all endless field for further developments in the moyetnetlw is afforded anyone with the slightest mechanical 111. genuity. The toy is unique and a novelty even of mil attractions pleases. therefore, it can be imagined entertainment is afforded by this ingenious" Magic Though the price, 2s. 6L is rather high, its practicate indestructibility,and the inducements enumerated abov„. make it, in the end, worth more than haff a-CTCO77II! ordinary enjoyment. Messrs. G. Greiner and G0.,10 and 12, Milton-st., London,E.C.,are the sole wholesale agehti for the toy,which is of Einlish manufacture.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
li

A

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Oit‘gious Diseases of a cert tin class, (internal an d ex- , fermi!). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 91 Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen), 33 ~Deansgate. Manchester. Advice free.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_18951207_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. R. H. PEARSON'S CONCERT.

On Wednesday evening week Mr. R. 11. Pearson gave a concert in the:Parr Hall,Warrington,at which it was originally intended that the late Sir Charles Halle and Lady Halle should have made their first appearance before a Warrington audience. The lamented death of the former, however, intervened and necessitated changes in the arrangements, which, though probably the best that could be made under the circumstances, must be held accountable for somewhat damping public interest, The modified prospect and the fact that the substi- tuted principals were comparatively unknown will therefore explain why the attendance at the concert was far from satisfactory. It was, however, doubly unfortunate that the concert itself, regarded music- ally, failed to realise reasonable expectations. Miss Sarah Berry and Herr Brodsky (the new leader of Sir Charles Halle's orchestra) must be chiefly credited with having saved the concert from mediocrity,although it cannot be said that as a- solo violinist the latter made the most of his oppor- tunity for establishing a reputation before a new and critical audience. The " Ciaconna " of J. S Bach may be admitted to be a severe test of tech- nique, but it has little interest for the many to whom perfection of method in violin playing is a matter of indifference. There is smafi scope in such a solo for the display of those emotional qualities appertaining to the artiste's personality without which he is powerless to move an audience or to call forth any responsive sympathy. Only in the "Cradle song"( Simon) and Beethoven's sonata had the audi- ence any means of guaging Herr Brodsky's capabili- ties, but it must be recorded that in these he re- ceived such unstinted proof of the audience's appre- ciation as to leave no doubt of the high opinion held in regard to his playing. Miss Berry sang with finished taste the songs set down in the programme but, cs not infrequently happens, the items not an- nounced rendered in response to encores,were those which gave most pleasure to the listeners. The two vocal morceaux by Dvorak, scholarly though they may be, are distinctly disappointing in the concert roum.:Tbe "Shepherd's Cradle Song" (Somervell), while having much in common with these songs has also much more in it, both in the ' sentiment and the setting, to rivet attention and excite interest; and in this and "My heart is weary," from Goring Thomas's Nadeshda,Miss Berry evinced such versatility of style and complete command of a rich voice.that the audience would take no denial of further favours. Sullivan's " Willow Song" and "Robin Adair" were substituted and gave rise to renewed expressions of approval. Miss Ethel Wood is too immature in voice and style to deal adequ- ately with the difficult songs she essayed, and there was in her singing evidence of an over-straining which not only tends to faulty intonation but threatens to establish marked and ruinous distinc- tions in the registers of her voice. Miss Wood has however the merit of clear enunciation coupled with a vivacious manner, and she was thus able to impart a freshGess to the encore song "A Little Mountain Lad " (Roeckel) which won for her ungrudging applause. The violoncello solos by Mr. Walter Barton, while not of the highest order, gave evidence of the performer's undoubted ability as an executant. The shortcomings were more in the way of failure to catch the deeper and subtler meanings of the composer than any inability to cope with the technical diffi- culties pertaining to the instrument, and we are not sure that Mr. Barton did not suffer from slight nervousness. As might be expected, Chopin's noc- turne was least satisfactory,t he more florid passages lin this pathetic solo receiving too flippant a render- big to be entirely in keeping with its character But Mr. Hatton is young, and has a world of possibilities before him, and he may, therefore,be reasonably expected to surmount these obstacles with the ripening of his powers and his judgment. The polonaise in D minor (Popper) and Dunkler's " Caprice Hongroise " both took immensely with the audience. Of the performance of the solo pianist, Madame Frickenhaus, we can speak finally in terms of the highest praise. The Waldstein sonata was a great treat, although we must dis- claim any sanction of the slackened tempo on the entry and recurrence of the chorale subject in the first movement. The Finale was very effective, and the interpretation of the whale work marked by musicianly taste and a high standard of technique. Mr. Eric A. Chapman played the accompaniments to the various songs and solos.

MR. W. H. JUDE AT THE PARR HALL.

I Notwithstanding the very inclement weather of Thurs Iday week there was a very satisfactory attendance at ; the Parr Hall, as a result of the announcement that Mr. W. H. Jude, the well-known organist of Liverpool, and the Gwalia Male Voice Choir were providing the musical repertoire. Mr. Jude's fame is too well-known to be dilated upon, while the Welsh choir of 25 voices above mentioned has also earned a high roputation as a band of skilled vocalists. The proceeds were in aid of the Welsh Church, Crosfleld-st. The Rev. Mr. Jones, minister of the church gave the announcement, which was received with regret by the audience, that a telegram had been received from Mr. P. B. Scott's doctor at Falleweeld, ' stating that Mr. Scott had caught a chill which had ter- minated in a slight attack of pleurisy, and he was thus unable to fulfil his engagement to act as chairman. Owing to Mr. Scott's indisposition the lady singers he was bringing with him from Manchester were also un- able to appear. The following programme was then gone through :—" Militaire," (Gounod). Mr. Jude; H Valiant Warrior," (Jenkins), choir; "Le cloche du Soir, (Chuvet), Mr. Jude; "Spartan Heroes," (Brothe- roe), choir; " Joccata," in G major, (Dubois), Mr. ' Jude; "There's a flower that bloometb,"Mr.A.Atkins of Warrington ; "Venetian Gondola song," (Bennett), Mr. , Jude; " Pilgrim's chorus," choir ; " Legends et Final symphonique " (Guilmant), Mr. Jude ; " Good-bye Sweetheart," Mr. Atkins ; " Sailor's chorus," choir ; "Trumpet March," ccmposed and played by Mr. Jude. The organist treated his hearers to a variety of music which can only be described as of the highest class, cembining as it did,the subdued and spirited in harmony ;by a master hand. Several encores were demanded of Mr. Jude, and which when accorded convinced the audience that they were a good investment. His final piece "The Trumpet March," one of his own composition, and though short,was fulllof beauty not only in its mar- tial spiritedness, but also in the musical harmony of the whole. The "Venetian Gondola song" was also accepted ass pleasing break in the more classical pieces which preceded it. The Gwalia choir also acquitted itself with all credit, its especial features being perfect harmony of voice and nice precision. Their conductor, was Mr. J. A. Roberts, and the accompanist, was Mr. W. J. Roberts. The only member of the choir who rendered a solo was Mr. Barry Roberts whose version of the "Village Blacksmith," was well received and encored. As a musical programme, that on Thursday night was superior to many previously given in Warrington and well worthy the patroeage it received.

THE WARRINGTON FLOTI4L AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. MR. J. CRaSFIELD'S GIFT OF BULBS.

, A meeting of the committee of this society was held at the offices, Scotland-road, on Thursday week, the chair being occupied by Councillor Smethurst. The treasurer, Mr. J. Fulton Smith, presented the balance sheet for the past year, which had been audited by I Councillor J. Shaw Green, and from it, it appeared that the year commenced with a balance in hand of £ll 115 s. 10d. Subscriptions for the year amounted to £7O 1199. 6 d. • entrance fees, £7 4s. ; advertisement fees, £2 193. 6J. ; takings at tb., shows, £23 17s. 3d. ; bank interest, is. ; programmes sold, £lO 39. ; tickets sold, I£7 10s. 6d.; total, £124 17s. 10d. The expenditure had been £lll 183. Bd., which left a balance in hand on the year's working of £l2 193.2 d. Mr. Ryan, the secretary, said that be had considered that the balance Was very good, especially when he told them that the receipts had been £2O less than the previous year.— Councillor Smethurst, in moving the adoption of the balance sheet,said that he was sure they all were pleased to bear the result of the show. He was sure that they I owed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Ryan and Mr. J. Fulton Smith for their:labours as secretary and treasurer, land he did not think they could get two better gentle- men anywhere. He would have liked to have heard a ;vote of thanks passed to them at the show,but he hoped they would accept the will for the deed. lie trusted that in the future the society would receive the support it deserved,and that other gentlemen would emulate the example of Mr. John Crosfleld who bad so generously offered to give the bulbs and also prizes for the help of I the society. He coupled with the motion for the adop- tion of the balance sheet, a hearty vote of thanks to IMessra. Ryan and Smith.—Mr. Calder seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. It was decided Ito hold a general meeting of subscribers shortly. From lain advertisement it will be seen that in accordance with the arrangements made by Mr. John Crosfield, J.P., a free distribution of hyacinths bulbs to the workingmen and working women within the borough ef Warrington will be made by the Warrington Horticultural Society. These bulbs will be distributed on the distinct under. standing that they will be grown and produced on the day of the show. Prizes for the best production el flower spikes will be given, full particulars of which will be Issued along with the bulbs.

At the Derby Borough Police Court on Monday William Clark, landlord of the High-st. Tavern, was fined £5O, with the alternative of three months' impri- sonment, and his wife was fined £2O, with the elterna- ' tive of two months' imprisonment,for keeping their pre- mises open for the purpose of betting.

-

===== 0002601_18951207_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI URD AY, DECEMBER 7, 1895

pi-cfrmech 0i Rii A.to 14 1 being published at Nett Price, it cannot be obtain d of -ty book ormusicseller under

===== 0002601_18951207_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ROWATT'S _LAMPS,

ROW- ATT'S LAMP. Our Lamps are the Most Econom ical, Best and Easiest Managed,

"MARVEL"

Made lu 3 ize of 40, 80, 100

ermdle Power.

A high-class central Draught Lamp. No better lamp procurable, Beauti- ful steady light. Economi- cal, simple, safe. "SECURITAS" In two sizes of co and 3o Candle Power. A cheap tt. popular lamp,

- . circular wick.

"SURPRISE A 3o Candle Power Lamp. Split Wick "ANUCAPNIC" Most perfect of Chimney. less lamps. "PERFECTION"

A 22 Candle Power Lamp One flame only, giving more light than a Duplex. 'ATLAS "

A 12 Candle Power Lamp. One of the best and cheap- est lamps ever produced. RETAIL 01505 Ixolatosolens. SOT

Operation.

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF PRINTING.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONOO,

BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

"EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWBEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
. T NET 250 PAGES U TThe most re- s_. pp (Full Music Size). ST Contains 70 Illustrations markable & cheap- and over aso Songs est book ever published. FREE Dances Carols. Anthems The Pianoforte simplified. and Hymn Tunes.

WOlirli A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
iIEFCHAM I.' PILLS'

BILIOUS & NEYRiCiUS DISORDERS;

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18951207_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, TO., I. 11,1., and 2s. St. each. with full directions. The Is. 11d. Box cc_ '.ains 56 Pi:ls.

PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECRAM, St. Ilelens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFfCACIOUS—ECO NOMICAL— CLEANSES THR TRRTH—PERFUMES Tilt: BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-paid.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERT'S

WELL-KNOWN CENTRE SECOND STOP

===== 0002601_18951207_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
IlinitAL7lo4o3BE,

(EXACTLY AS DRAW Has the following advantages of All oth,v watches, althourt the price (6s. 11d.) is only one-third charged for a I:similar watch at other establishments. It ItAs Heavy Gold or Silver. plated Cases. Fit Crystal Glass, Enamel Dial, three-quarter Plate Jewelled Movement, and warranted a very good time- keeper. This size or smaller, plain as above, or chased if pre'errrd. Send postal order for 7s. 6d. and I will send by registered post, safely packed, at my own risk, one of these wonderful watches. Mention this Paper, and state whether you prefer Gold or Silver-plated cases. leo made in Soli' l Silver Cases, 15s. 6d., and Solid Gold Cases. 5Cs. By post (registered) 6d. extra.

I=l'. EP 3E3 3E PUT, Watch Manufacturer,

10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED ins.

THE "ENGLISH..OBANETTE: SoNLY 4! MONTHLY.

, volts& waltzes. Tara- !inhale effect by snypea. Zola Xareellous Musical Instrument in the sPHIGE PM- TERMS: O,EPOZIT ANO,II/- MONTHLY. vrgsnetskieliversms whoa it is. is purl. NOTICE ToGeIVE irivECmuyit.Prino:l Book a Coupons, value 30s. and upwards. Tilts Is something new, and surprises everyone. Write for list of music and full particulars. (Mention this paper.) J. IL DRIPER, Organette Works, BUCKBIJRN.

1;-' ,-

mere

orla.

T IS RAZOR is -ade from best ftl aid iSTEEL and grams by . is warranted and It not approved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE In Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/ Pair of Ivory handle In a flat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers.

A good 13eeh1ve Razor is supplied at 112, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/Et P.O. sad Cheques. SLATER Deoe.. Sheffield.

BOOKBINDING EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

FOR ....: - - ---- \.. FOR ' ,;' 0. . , „,---. - iNi...'‘''',.:, / /11441, s, -'l. l'.2':', 'it : , t:4 ~ i" ej li 11,„4,., 1 k illp , k% \ ~.,..,..0 1 .•.."...„.-,,s / / ,\ ••„....-...... ...........• ~ , , ~_ i• .-....._,_,--„,:..,..--, ••• •N).

-r.tr-e) -,.1.....'-':-._-! .- •• "-----",.....--,..4P' ,z.„-T...........„-- ,s, `t,..f ( ,--,.-.( • f - ', k a\ \ V ( ..) 1.,4 1•C [P) ''' Ilk.: '‘, ..,:' •• \ ,e" it ..S1 '1 ,••• .• • N--•••.. —,,, • t.,,,:,,,,i,' ~: 90,..;:.,,,, 'f 7 . .„,,;,,,,,,49 ~4._ Ig•:: tf",rols 'I. 1.4r1F0/7 ' e ; ') 'T -" ) 1 e l ,1 (1, d • IT 'A'4' - '''' ' 7'''• .-1,-/ ' t I .... ra" k CIOTHINC, F [EMU HEAT. ) 'N -- Provtoe • _ , r its. CAn,A,Amis Ilt. i ..../._ - .?..., .....v.... a Heathy EhtevE Olt (ConslttQlm ink, tlke / I PO" .f TFETWEC ' far- diaren CUM:, e reiellt . 1 ItAiAt)Kr..ii,SurTx t Iti 4.... ..,.. P., ( Please Observe the EL s f ..,.. IN STEEDMAN .... ), r-,:!, __•.,.----,-_-__-__ ~„ ....-?-411:4:::::: .:,..,...,,...,„,,,.

AYM WITH EXPRESSION 0-1 STOP. 111111111 , "4111', laYlatia PeTatre Mrs, qiarlle., - -.4.. eta.; an ans y tea .rl be wit% - • Ohil4 eta teyt.

111 ,11'1,1 ,' I, I ,11 1111',11'1111,1 ' S e - Sheffield. workmen. It

NORTH LIVIN6 p HELL

Such was the subject of a celebrated sermon preached in 3flan2hester,but the more practiml problem of the day is bow to make life worth living on earth. One of the important tri- butaries of the river of happiness is the possession of a com- fortable home. A home made bright and cheertul not only by the kind and loving dispositions of those living there, but made attractive by the good taste displayed in the furnishing. Furnishing is a very important factor in matter of con- tinued self-satisfaction. So much Jerry new London furniture is being now retailed by drapers that one needs to pause be- fore rushing impetuously into the first dr ,per's because of a cheap rid ticket. High. :lase makers, such as Lamb,Gillows, and Garnett,st ill exist, to whom the wealthy 'an still go with a long purse but to most people this would be a too expensive experiment. Again the average man nowadays has a strong liking for a bargain; anything obtainable at about half or quarter the cost has a stront rumination f r him Is it possi- ble to obtain such an advantage in furni,liing ? Yes, and more than possible, it is an absolute fact. We cannot do better than recommend a visit to Mil. WORSLEIrd FUR- NISHING PANTHEON, GAYTSOIOI. MANCHESTER.

THE Successful Establishment of any of the large ware- houses of Manchestsr is alvisys of interest to the citizens. One of the most brilliant example. or the value of perseverance, entermise, and tact is the now busy hive of Industry so well known a. The Pantheon, which occupies such a prominent position in Ga)tborn, near the C latest Station, Manche ter The building is a massive pile of modern design, 150 feet long, six storeys high, with show- room accommodation covering an area of over one million square feet. The plate-glass windows are each 12 feet square, each square if broken costing nearly £3O to replace. ten of these immense show windows to ma portion of the frontage. This will give a faint idea of "The Pantheon" in outward appearance, but all !—here pen fail:, alt gel her in attempting to do justice to anything like an ad. quate descriptioa of the Interior. "The Pantheon" was sped i Ily built to give the largest and mos' convenient floor apiece for showrooms, and cost £28,C00, the floors specially constructed to carry enormous weight. To-day it stands as tale of tke smartest furnishing houses in England, containing by fa the largest and most comprehersive stock of any two houses in this large city. From basement to roof, from It 'or toceiling, "The Pantheon filled to overflowing with thousands of well bought, care- fully selected bargains, to attempt description of which would teas futile as Liverpool attempting io crush THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL. The destinies of" The Pantheon" are c ntrolled and pre- sided over by its sole absolute proprietor, Mr. W. If. Wortley, whose sole study is an ever increasing desire to satisfy and please the thousands of customers who daily patronise and support his efforts. We invite the reader to accompany us in an imaginary visit to "'the Pantheon' to see what it con- tains and how it is managed. On arrival we are at once struok with the magnificent STARTLING APPEARANCE of " The Great Pantheon,' the immense long line of stupen- dous show windows displaying for sale capital specimens of high-class Second hand Furniture iiy high-class makers, the sale of which has made "The Pantheon" famous. UPON ENTERING THE BUILDING we see' at mice that n a far as stock is concerned there is " "

sufficient furniture for nearly the whole of Manchester. We see at once visitors walking round inspecting from Oldham, Bolton. Bury, But ley, Bleckburn,Bacup. Rochdale, Preston. Warrington and all parts of Lance-hire and Yorkshire, Cheshire, the Potteries, Wales, Stc. It is the cardinal rule of " The Pantheon " to Rive the fullest facilities for inspec- tion without fe-ling compelled to buy. The ground floor Is filled with the large specimens of bedroom furniture suitable for Lrge rooms ; we are told the smaller suites are on the top floor, to which we can travel by means of the heist, or walk. Bedroom suites on the ground floor we notice by Lamb. original cost £l5O, price £35 ; by Goodall, cost £lBO, for £5O ; by Henry Ogden, cost £2OO, for £65. These are among the best suites, but one that strikes us with special attention is a fine handsome Bedroom Suite by Behan, in solid American walnut, heavily carved in has relief, with large wardrobe fitted with brilliant crystal bevel mirrors ; stressing table unique with neatly fitted jewel drawers, sur- mounted by large swing deeming glass; washstand fitted with statuary marble and shaving mirror. three chairs. pedestal table de nuit. and towel horse ; what originally cost £6O you can obtain for £25. Over 200 Bedroom Suites are in sto.2lc, on show, from 355. to £lOO, forming a display so impressive that wears almost STRUCK DUMB WITH AMAZEMENT. We now go up stairs to the Dining-room Showroom. What a sight, long avenues of Sideboards is the first impression ; hundreds of Sideboards, with hundreds of Suites, also Dining Tables, Overmantels, splendid collection of Bronzes. Ormolu Clocks, Vases, ese. In this department we find magnificent Sideboards, original cost from £lOO to £2OO. at prices simply astounding, $lO to £2O. The next floor above is tbe Drawing- room Furniture Showroom, which Is simply a show of DAZZLING BEAUTY dissolving one's sensitive appreciation into impressiveloveli- ness. No department is so interesting to la des as the draw- ing-room showroom; a keen delight is experienced in selecting weird and fantastic furniture for the drawing-room. Asthetic. Moorish, and Egyptian Cabinets. peculiar Green and bronzed Tables, Occasional Chairs of charming variety, Cosy Corners, Comfortable Lounging Settees and chairs equal to the highest class firms in the Kingdom at quarter the price. The largest showroom for Drawing-room Furniture in Manchester, containing over 100 Suites, 100 Cabinets, 200 Overrnantele, 500 Tables. Suites from £3 10s. 0,1. to £5O. Cabinets from 30s. to £45. Marvellous value, worth in most cases three or four times the money charged. The next department adjoining is cases three or four times the money changed. The next de- partment lithe Be Istead and Bedding Department. which contains an enormous stock of Besisteads. the brilliant- burnished brass displayed here is so immense as to present almost a

SEA OF GOLD. Magnificent specimens of the brassworkers' art is here die played to perfection. Brass Bedsteads may be purchased solid and complete for as low a price as 355. to the best at £35. A clear saving of 50 per cent, is effected in bedsteads and bedding. Brass and Iron Bedsteads. Wong and durable, maybe secured from 61. sd. to 30s. The bedding is all new, - manufactured on the premises; everything is new in this department. the work here giving employment to over 50 hands. Nothing is allowed to be used here except it has pre- viously been washed and purified. All bedding sold at Wor- sley's may be guaranteed as of SPOTLESS PURITY. Wool Beds complete, guaranteed all wool, from Bs. ed., Hair Mattresses from 18s. 6d., Feather Beds from 225. 6.1. The next place of interest to visit is the Bedroom Furniture Department, which Is displayed in a showroom, 68 yards by 25 yards, larger than most of the combined showrooms of most furnishing establishments. One is bound to admit that 'The Pantheon is certainly far ahead of any rival establish- ments in point of size and convenience. The showrrom visited so far are lofty, well lighted, and of immense area. The Bedroom Furniture Showroom is magnificent; 300 Bedroom Suites are displayed in avenues, the finest collec- tion extant, at prices simply incredible, astonishing every one, pulverising and exterminating all competition. Com- plete Bedroom Suites, solid throughout, at 1,3 10s. up to £3O, magnificent in style and finish. Enamelled Suites from 30s. to £7. The next departmeut is for Kitchen Furniture, the varied stock of which is quite sufficient to satisfy the most exacting. Thousands of chairs, hundreds of tables and dressers, every revisit.. for the kitchen at half the usual prices charged. A department is also provided for Iron- mongery. But we must move on, our examination and in- spection is taking fro long and occupying too much space. We now are shown into the Carpet and Oilcloth Department, which contains thousands of new rolls of carpets, Brussels from Is. 110., Tapestry from 100., Axminster from 2s. llacF and se on. Then we see hundreds of Second•hand Carpets. If you want a carpet to beat creation, buy one of Worsley's second-hand carpets ; they knock the competition of Jew and Gentile into smithereens. You can get a second-hand Brussels carpet, no' tapestry ; no, real, genuine Brussels. from 4 to 5 yards by 3to 4 yards, for under a sovereign. Hugs of im- mense variety, lovely Skin Rugs, Axminster, in fact of every conceivable design, shade, and colour, forming a gorgeous , display. RIVALLING THE RAINBOW. Oilcloths end Linoleums are here cut to pieces: thousands of yards are here daily slashed and cut into all shaves to fit the various houses they are Intended for. The prices are also cut, in fact, out so fine that you would reqntre a magnifying glass to discover any profit made eut of this department. We saw Oilcloths from lid, per yard and Linoleums from 6d. per yard. The beet Scotch Oilcloths and Lino'e ms are displayed from Is. 3d. per yard,to Is. 11d. We should like to speak of all the wonderful things displayed for sale, but we must be pre- paring to leave The Pantheon in order to catch our train. We, therefore, htury through the Office Furniture Department, the Brass Feeder and Firebrass Department, the Miscellane- ous Department quickly on to the latest addition, the Music Department. Hark; What do we hear? MUSIC. HEAVENLY AND SUBLIME. The "Hallelujah Chorus," Handel' s masterpiece, is being rolled along in glorious harmony by a gentleman who lates we discovered to be The Proprietor." American Organ are here displayed in great variety, mostly second-hand for instance, a Mason and Hamelin organ can be purchased for 10 guineas which cost £4O. The s'ianofortes are in strong ' evidence, and a great credit •to Mr. Worsley, who buys everything for " The Pantheon" himself. Pianos by Beard, Steinway, Broadwoocl, Bechstein, Justin Browne, Col- lard, Brinsmead, and all the best makers are displayed at prices simply amazing. Drard pianos, the king of all In- struments, are priced at £l5, £2O, and £2B. Marvellous value. Who would buy a cheap German piano which in 12 months would be wome than, a Jew's harp, when you can obtain a fine second-hand piano by one of the best makers for a fourth of the original price? New pianos by all the best makers are here so'cl for a profit of 10 per cent ; Wors- ley's will procure any instrument, by any maker, for a simple 10 per cent profit, and pay carriage. Neumeyer pianos, quite new. sp endid pianos, for 24 guineas, list price 50 guineas ; Kirkman's steel upright pianos £33, hot £6O Brinsinead's £3O, Collard's £3l, Hopkinsou's £25, and, so on, showing a marvellous s tving on the orciMary manic- sellers' pric 3. Magnificent second-hand pianos at £3, £4, £5, up to £lO, wonderful bargains.

IN corccursioN.

we find that "The Pantheon" is undontiledly three times the size of any other furnishing house In Manchester ;we have visited every rival establishment, but none can hold a candle to "The Pantheon." The universal courtesy extended to every visitor, whether a buyer or simply inspecting, is a strong recommendation to all to pay a visit to "The Patheon" before purchasing furniture. And although a terrific cash trade is daily in evidence, yet Mr. Wotslev is such a strong opponent te the iniquitous hire system that to combat these evils, which mean a serious loss to those starting in life (see "Tit Bits," for October 12th). Wonley's now give credit to all respectable buyers at exactly the same price charged forcash, but mike a diiect charge of 10 per cent above the invoice price. This is a boon, preventing the extortion- ate prices usually charged on the hire syst.m. Now our visit is endel, and after thanking the selection for his courtesy in showing us round, we cannot help but marv,el, as we wend our way to the station. upon the marvellous skill and ability displayed at " The Pantheon '! in the building up of what pro- phetically promises to become one of the largest concerns in

DON'T BUY FURNITURE anywhere until you have visited " The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester, nem* the Central Station. AvH. WORSLEY, The Pantheon, Gaythorn, • Mai,chester. Close to Central tati on . 'LOURS OF BUSIM.B3 EVERY DAY 9 to 7.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Kettero to the Mitor.

TIIE NEWEST FARTHING.-A WARNING.

Sir,—! should esteem it a great favour if you would give a word of warning to the public respecting a fraud which is being somewhat extensively practised. The new farthing (1895 issue) has a striking resemblanco to a half sovereign,although of course, differing widely from that coin on close inspection. It is,however, well calcu- lated to deceive a person in the hurry of businef-, espe- cially by artificial light, so that shopkeepers and others would do well to be upon their guard.—Thanking you in anticipation, I remain, sir, faithfully yours, LUKE TALBOT, Chief Constable.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAD SHOOTING FATALITY AT

WARRI.NGTON.

Sir,—May I be allowed to tender, through the medium sr your columns, my very sincere thanks to yourself and my fellow-townspeople generally, for the kindly sympathy extended to me and my family in our time of very bitter trial. How bitter it was only those who have gone through a similar trial can have any concep- tion of. Very many friends have written me praying God to bless and comfort us in our deep sorrow. 1 pray God to bless them for their kind and tender sympathy. —Yours truly, _ .

JOHN •G ANDY.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED CATTLE MARKET.

Sir,—Will you kindly permit me to respectfully in. form J. H. of Whitecross Ward that I suggested the use of the Old Barracks as a horse fair only, believing that the people of the town would be in favour of a market for financial reasons, and because it it were adopted it would give the people a good chance ti study the work- ing of a market in general, in what seemed to be the most reasonable, the most convenieat, and the least ex- pensive place ;or to prove to all that a cattle market is really not properly workable in the town. But I have no fear that he will ever be impressed with the idea of the Froghall site as a cattle market.; .1 would conclude by asking what your readers think of the Old Barracks as a Place, perhaps in the near future, for housing the officers of the law.—Yours truly, Enfield-street.

, . F. D.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
RAFFLING AT BAZAARS.

Sir,—There has lately been a good deal said in the local newspapers, and considerably more privately, about raffling, and the sale of iatoxicants at the church bazaar recently held in the Tarr Hall. My reason for writing this letter is, not that I think it will make any difference to the non-abstainer, to whom one glass more or less can't make ranch difference, but to prevent, if possible, a re- currence of some of. the disgraceful and saddening scenes ever being repeated, in connection with religious (?) movements. One of the "scenes" to which I particu- larly with,to refer, was that of a number of boys, or youths, conducting themselves in a very foolish manner, to say the least of it,in consequence of some of the num- ber having won, and partaken freely of, two bottles of wine, port and sherry, in a raffle, the fee for memeership being a few coppers.lt is bad enough Loyale the wines, but when boys drink them until they are scarcely res- ponsible for their conduct (purely out of a spirit of bra- vado, it may be) it is quite time that the temptation and danger were out of their reach. It is much to he regret- ted that " our boys" can't go to a church baziar without exposing themselves to such a baneful influence.—Yours truly, PATERFAMILIAS.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. E. T. REED AND SUNDAY CONCERTS.

Sir,—The Rev.E.T. Reed has brought himself into pro- minence during the present week by his sermo, at the I Emmanuel Church on Sunday evening, in which he ' vigorously denounced the Warrington Corporation for its action in allowing Parr Hall to be used for the pur- poses of a sacred concert on Sunday, Nov. 17. No one who knows him can doubt Mr. Reed's sincerity and honesty of purpose, but I consider that on this occasion Ihe is showing a little too much bigotry in the matter. His zeal is mis-directed and there are many real evils lagainst which he might with advantage turn his Italents and attention. For what are the circumstances of the case? The concert in question did not clash with any other public service, as it was held after the churches and chapels had finished. I would like to know what Mr. Reed would prefer the young people to do— to spend the rest of the evening walking Sankey-st., or Wilderspool Causeway, and thus being a nuisance to everybody, or perhaps in a public. house, rather than at the Parr Hall listening to music—sacred music—which as no doubt Mr. Reed himself admits, tends to elevate the mind? Young people are much better employed in listening to a splendid concert, than in running riot in the public streets. Perhaps Mr. Reed has not considered this fact. understand that the Warrington Corporation ha; been threatened by some society or other with prosecution in consequence of holding the concert in question. But I should like to know why prosecutions have not been started in Blackpool, Scarborough, Brighton, and all the other popular watering places in the country. In these places, concerts are regularly held on Sundays and mind you,in most cases for private gain. Warrington which has scarcely one Sunday concert in the year ought surely to be left in peace while these ether places are not attacked. ' Another point I would like to mention is that Mr. Reed attempts to make a strong point of the fact that the law is broken by the holding of this concert,and that thereby the Corporation weakens Its power ot enforcing other laws, and mentions among others the Weights and Measures Act. Why ! the law in question was passed in 1781, or 114 years ago, and people have nowadays be- come a little more enlightened than they were then. There are many old Acts still unrepealed which are broken every day. Mr. Reed himself breaks one of them every Sunday—not one solitary Sunday but every Sun- day—by not attending the established church. There is still an unrepealed Act,which of course is never enforced, which orders under fear of pains and penalties, every one to attend the parish church at least once every Sun- day. This shows that Mr. Reed's contention that the Corporation are wrong simply because they contravene an ancient law which is not now enforced, is not a .very weighty one.—Yours truly, Warrington, November 28th, 1895.

J. 13.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CATTLE MARKET.

Sir,—The second contribution from J.H., of " eawr ward, d'ye moind," renders the meaning of his first more clear and justifies the more, my last, to which Ism prepared to add the " convincing matter " requested. J.H., will observe from your first page advertisements that the Town Clerk has given formal notice that the half yearly cattle and horse fairs will—for the time be- ing, of course—be held on the Corporation's land lying between Winwick-road and Orford-lane. Just so,but in the temporary sense only, for the people of that congested area will still hope for and eventually realise , the growth of a park on that ground as a branch or I nursery of our grand central one. What such a creation in the midst of squalid environment would prove to thousands, and particularly to women, children and in- valids, cannot be over-estimated. Let everyone inter- ested attend the fairs, and should it prove fairly representative, it will be at once seen that J.ll. 's sug- gestion is useless in its size defect alone, without offering means of expansion with the growth of time and^ things. That the residents in the vicinity of the Barracks object to the use of the same as a cattle or horse market everybody has long known, but I deny in lull that the cardinal point before the electors of any ward recently contested was the one we here discuss. It was distinctly before the electors of St. Austin's Ward but either can- didate would have opposed the proposal it returned, as the present member does. It did not decide the election. Wherever the site :nay be chosen numbers will more or less opposed. The line of least resistance is not always the wisest,because the easiest to follow. The fair would really prove no such nuisance as J.H. so positively affirms. For many years,almost from their inception,ttie fairs have been held in the leading thoroughfare like Winwick-st., and a change of venue is now ch!efly sought because of the claims of ordivary traffic and the better arrangements of a walled area,than an important highway. As between the Barracks and our friend's suggestion, I hold to the contents of my last, despite his additional fervour. The place he suggests would not prove lees offensive, while the Barracks are public property and seem to be designed for the purpose. The land he pro- poses could, no doubt, be easily obtained, but it lies level with the gullet at its north end and level with the lane at its west, offering difficulties everywhere. The testimony of a leading Corporation official is that the site in question is "ludicrously impossible,"*for more Trims reasons even than its small size. Th, 'arracks with the large field near them are nearly thric large as T. H.'s beautiful selection. As for the floc .og of the sewers at certain tides that would prove such a place a natural flushing process. Museum-street was referred to as a useful ground. The day school was taken account of, scholars could enter and depart from the side door

particular market days. The road could be fenced and--,, thus a playground be found for the children, while thh` reit of the road, even if lined at, any time, which deftibtful, by horses would suffer nothing from a few? horse canters. As to bis special plea (quite compre. hended) on behalf of the residential quarter (apart from I all other considerations, mind ye), let J. H. know that to-day the whole town with its villadom, cottages and slummeries is to be regarded as a residential quarter, and that any quotable area is as much to be protected from the " nuisance" he so hotly sedge to bring to his own already afflicted ward as the rest—Yours truly, MACKINTOSFI DAYFRANK.

Warrington.

RR MESSRS. BISHOP AND CO., AND THE CORPORATION. Sir,—My name having been mentioned in Messrs. Bishop and Co.'s letter, printed in last Saturday's "Examiner," I feel that I ought in justice to myself to

state my reasons publicly wby I object to the land in Wharf-street being sold. . . .

Ist. This street has only been partially formed, one footpath only having been made ; and as the street is narrow, the Corpor.ttion has recently purchased pro- perty to widen it, and it would be an anomaly., if they buy land to widen, and sell land to narrow the street, at one and the same time.

2nd. The total width of footpath, street paved, also land in qusstion, is not more than 42 feet altogEther, measuring from river frontage. of Roberts Dale crane. Now in the Public Health Act, 1875, form G, schedule 4, the byelaws state " That all streets are to be made 40 feet wide, and that the carriage way and footpaths mast be paved." I therefore object most strongly to public rights of streets being sold for the behefit of private companies. 3rd. There is plenty of land to be sold, abuttine, upon the river in the immediate neighbourhood, which will meet all Messrs. Bishop and Co.'s requirements, without interfering with the rights of the public.

'4th. The CorporatiOn proposes tojerect a crane, cl4se adjoining, to discharge their own stone as well as goods for the public. .

sth. If boats are to be discharged alongside the pro- posed wharf ,there will be great danger to boats navigat- ing down the river, of dropping across the pillars of the bridge, especially when a flood, or fresh is in the river, owing to che very sharp curve at that point, combined with insufficiency of width of river. . .

I object to any erection interfering with the hauling path. In reply to Messrs. Bishop and Co'a. last paragraph, representations were made to the Manchester Ship Canal .Company about two years ago, stating the urgent necessity fora wharf at the entrance to the Warrington docks, where steamers could c-ill and receive, or deliver goods, and the water was 26 feet deep, where boat could berth out of the fairway of the canal : also that line of rails was already laid on the sp3t in communica- tion with every large works in the town, and that Walton high road, adjacent, could be conveniently utilized forlocal traffic. This was pointed out to the !Directors before I retired from being Chairman of the Rivers Committee.

In conclusion, many years ago there used to be a free public wharf at B ink Quay where we have discharged grain, free of toll. We also bed for a considerable period, an engine on wheels, working upon a portion. of the land experimenting in the discharging of boats and cleaning the grain, and which was only removed at the time Messrs. Crosfield added our mill to enlarge their soap works. To my surprise, when last passing that way the wharf was boarded in, and " The Warrington Slate Company" was painted upon a board fastened on the door. Perhaps the Councillors mentioned by Messrs. Bishop and Co. as being returned for their .purpose, will esquire how this land has been acquired, and thereby restore once more a free whart for the public, as well as for Messrs. Bishop and 0 . —Yours faithfully, RICHARD T. FAIRCLOUGH.

Mersey Mills.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_18951207_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ••••

===== 0002601_18951207_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
_rious Barracks as '-

THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1'395.

HALTO'N.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.--A. meeting of the Parish Council was held on Tuesday evening in the girls' schoolroom. The Rev. G. W. Wray occupied the chair, and there were also present, Messrs. Birch,J. S. Jeacock, R. Hughes, J. Looker, J. Stokes, J. Astbury,S. Harrow, and A. Woodier (clerk). The business of the meeting was with regard to the footpaths in this di •trict. The committee appointed to consider the matter, consisting of the chairman, Mr. J. Ackerley, and Aar. J. Looker, recommended several improvements and repairs which were adopted, and a committee consisting of the Chairman, Messrs. Ackerley, Looker, and Jeacock, was appointed with power to get the work done. It was thought that a number of local men out of work might be set to do some portions. The tender of Mr. Light- foot to improve the footpath running through his fields was accepted, and it was decided that he and other farmers be approached with regard to carting, etc. The Chairman announced that St. Thomas' Charity would be distributed on St. Thomas' Day, the 2lst inst., and he invited all the members who could possibly come, to be present at the distribution of the money.—This con- cluded the business.

Tait WESLEY GUILD. —On Monday evening, Mr. Walter Rowe read a paper on " The relation of Wesleyan Methodism to the Established Church." There were present 25 members, seven companions, and seven friends. Mr. S. Barrow presided. After the reading of the paper, there was a discussion in which the following took part : Mrs. Boys, Messrs. A. Cox, J. L.

persons Saunders and -S. Barrow.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
rk WESLEYAN SALE OF WORK AT: PRESTON BROOK.

AN HISTORICAL SKETCH.

A successful two days' sale of work was opened in the Wesleyan Chapel, Preston Brook, on Wednesday after- noon. The object in view was the liquidating of a debt remaining on the chapel, and to raise funds for its reno- vation. The work offered for sale was the outcome of the Ladies' Guild, of wilich Mrs. Frodsham is prosident, Mrs. Massey secretary, and Mr. Frodsham the treasurer. There was a good display of useful and ornamental articles set out on six stalls in charge of the following : —Stall No. 1, Miss Jones and Miss M. Jones; 2, Miss Webb, Miss E. Davies, and Miss E. A. Clare ; 3, Miss M. Scragg, and Miss B. Webb ; 4, Miss W. Grounds, Miss E. Grounds ;5, Miss Scrag!, Miss M. Davies 8 (junior children), Misses Alice Ground, Alice Potts, May Rough. sedge, Carrie Johnson. There was, in addition, a re- freshment stall in charge of Miss R. Webb, Miss B. Webb, Miss F. Clare, and Miss M. Morris. There was a large attendance at the opening ceremony, many coming from the neighbouring district. Amongst those present were :—Rev. P.Brackenbury. Mr. John Simpson' Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Frith, and Mr. W. B. Frith, Messrs. James Johnson, H. Johnson, T. Johnson, T. Clarke, A. Jones, W. Hoxworth, Mrs. Earp,Mrs.Bee, Mrs. Grounds Mrs. McWhannell, Mrs. T. Webb, Mrs. Clare, Mrs. Withernshaw, Mrs. Rogers (Newton Bank), Miss Dutton (Moore), Mrs. Peter Scragg, Mrs. James Webb, and Mrs. Edward Scram The Rev. T. Brackenhury briefly introduced Mr. John Simpson, remarking that he took a keen interest in the spread of true Christianity throu4hout the locality. Mr. Simpson at the outset said he had taken an interest in the work at Preston Brook Cnape' for over 50 years. He was glad to see what had been going on, and he was pleased to see the place wonderfully improved in ap- pearance. Mr. Frodsham had been good enough to fur- nish him with some particulars about the Chapel in peat years, and he could add to these by personal knowledge. I He pointed out that the Chapel was opened on the 10th October, 1819, and that the services were conducted by the Rev. Robert Newton, and the Rev. Jonathan Crowther. The total cost of the ! chapel was £4BB and that of the school upwards of £ll9, and of the house £l9l, coming altogether wittdn a few pounds of £7OO. There had been a Wesleyan place of worship before that, at Preston-o'th•Hill, and Mr. Frodsham believed that the Primitive Methodist Chapel now stood on the old Wesleyan preaching place site. He (Mr. Simpson) used occasionally to go to Preston Brook, 50 or 60 years ago whets the mode of travelling was somewhat different than what it was to- day. When travelling from Runcorn. to Chester. .they went by boat to Preston Brook and thence proceeAd by omnibus to their destination. In 1848 the circuit *as divided but Preston Brook remained in the Warring- ton circuit. The Preston Brook friends. however. , thought they could be better served if transferred to the Runcorn circuit, and therefore it was arranged that they should be placed on the Runcorn plan. He had in his possession a piece of Riess from the win- dow of the old Wesleyan preaching place at Preston o'th Bill and on which the Rev. Samuel Bradburn had write 1 his name, and the motto " God is love." A sentat the back showed that the chapel was then )Liverpool circuit. ,Applause). ,e Rev. T. Brackenbury stated that 121 years ago Wesleyan Methodism had a cause at Preston o'th Hill. Wesleyan Methodism had been a blessing to tens of thou- sands in rural districts, and they did not mean to give up the villages. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Simpson, on the motion of Mr. Frodsham, seconded by Mr. Frith and supported by Mi. Johnson. • Wednesday's receipts amounted to £4O. The sale of work was again opened on Thursday, when Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., of Runcorn, performed the opening ceremony.

111 fr . . The Coungftte Anglo-Armenian issOCiation met in London on Thursday. Mr. F. S. Stevenson, who presided said that prompt and energetic steps by the Powers might yet save the situation, but there must not be a day's delay. He quoted from a letter received on Wed- nesday from Mr. Uladstone the following extract I have still some hope in the indisposition of the Powers to make themselves ridiculous in the eyes of the world." A committee was empowered to ask Lord Salisbury to re- ceive a representative deputation of all classes and creeds, headed by the Duke of Westminster. CA:

E, LITTLE R LS. ImollS-vOl BEAUTIFUL TEETH ft 10. to loos daily on the tooth brush IS few drops ot •SOZOBONT, pleasanteat deutlince in the world.

, Cleanses the teeth,and spaces 1' between them as nothing Mar . will: Bound and pearly whits I teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.' go so

and earel

RUPTURlL—lmportant Notiee.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialst, still remains et the old address—His only address In London—namely, 64, Chancery Lane, W.C. Send foe his new book of full Information, Md. post free. —Ade.

4.:ARTER'S -. LIVE . PILL. ,f 1 Small PilL BE "11411iL 8.311 ik.... for all 6111,n Pr,cs. . 4.••• TTL ' A .• •ir 't 'c yIL ' titigrely Ye-go-, ' jA tf, table. i Cure Torpid lirver, Bil. e,I . ;allow. Coirti)leziolli - and f ick Headaches promptly : 1 care them so no to stay Jcl. Ch....mists...is.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
't

===== 0002601_18951207_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN eiND NEWTON.

1.0 G.T. EARLESTOWN EBENEZER LODGE.

This lodge held its usual weekly session on Tues- day evening. The lodge was called to order by Bro. W. Hatton. After the usual business was finished a very pleasant evening was spent with short readings, Bro. J. Jones being responsible. The lodge closed at the usual time.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
BALL AT NEWTON.

Under the auspices of the Newton Cricket and Tennis club, a ball was given in the Town Hall, Newton, on Thursday night. There was a fair at- tendance and dancing was indulged in until an early hour on Friday morning to the strains of Mr. Peplow's string hand. THE Disradcr COUNCIL CLERKSHIP.

In response to the advertisement for a clerk to the Distiict Council 165 applications have been sent in. The sub-co amittee met on Wednesday evening to go through them, but owing to the number of applications frim really excellent men, they found their task a difficult one, and were unable to make a selection. About 50 have been selected, and these will be farther weeded on Monday.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY, NEWTON.

In connection with the junior branch of the Con- gregational Young People's Bociety of Christmas Endeavour, a sacred cantata entitled "Glad tidings," was given by a nnmber of the members of the Society, in the Congregational schoolroom, Newton on Wednesday evening. Owing to the rough state a the weather there was only a moderate atten- dance,but the children under the care of Miss Allan acquitted themselves remarkably well. M ARVELLOUS ESCAPE AT EARLESTOWN.

On Tuesday afternoon a driver in the employ of Mr. R. B. Toft, grocer, of Bridge-street, Earlestown, named William Jones, bad a narrow escape from serious injury. He was engaged loading parcels into a light spring cart opposite Mr. Toft's shop, when the horse suddenly swerved, Jones being thrown out. He fell with his head under the wheel, and before he could get oat of the way,the wheel passed over his bead. Fortunately however. he received no further injury than some slight bruises and con- tusions en each side of his face, and after being at- tended to was able to follow his employment.

ALLEGED THEFT OF A WATCH AT EARLBSTOWN. At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr. C. B. F. Borron,William Whittle was charged with stealing a silver lever watch and a silver guard, the property of his brother Isaac Whittle, of Earlestown-st.,Earlestown. The alleged theft was said to have been committed about 18 months ago from his father's houle,and the prisoner absconded. He was arrested on Monday, and re- manded to the Warrington Sessions. The prisoner was bronght up at the County Sessions, Warring- ton, on Wednesday morning, and was committed to gaol for 14 days. ENTERTAINMENT AT EARLESTOWN. In connection with the Hope ef Earlestown lodge of Good Templets, an entertainment was given in .the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown on Saturday evening. Bro. G. Clarke presided, and an address was given by Bro. W. H. Cooke D. C., of Liverpool on " Men." The programme was arranged by Miss E. L. Greenall who had got together a fair selection of artistes. The various items were very well sub- mitted, and thoroughly enjoyed by the large aud- ience present, the following comprising the pro- gramme;—piano solo,"Campanella,"Master B.Evans; song, " The last Milestone," Miss Higgins ; song, " Eleen Alannah,"Mr. F. P. Clare; song, "The reaper and the flowers?' Miss Cassie Haynes ; Whistling solo, "Death of Nelson," Mr. J. Howard ; song, " l'd be a butterfly." Miss Olive Clare; song, "The valley by the sea," Miss Higgins ; song, "The Anchor's Weighed," Mr. F. P. Clare; song, " Within the Min- ster:" Miss Cassie Haynes ; Lancashire reading, " Takin th' Census,"Mr.G.Clarke ; song, "Pussy's re- quiem." Miss Olive Clare ; whistling solo, " The lost chord," Mr. Howard.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TrktPLARS.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. Bro Hatton, C.T.,presided.and there was a large attend- lime of members of the lodge and officers af the No. 1 Convention were also present,including Bros. Roberts, Tomlin. and Dollin,of Warrington,Frances, of St. Helens, Taylor, of Earlestown, and others. Bro. Frances, of the Hope of Rsgby Lodge was also present. One candidate was initiated. Thanks were tendeted to Miss E. L. Greenall and others who assisted at the entertainment held on Saturday evening. Short addresses were given by Bros. Frances, Roberts, and Taylor, and thanks were ac- corded them for their visit. The lodge was then formally closed, and the programme of the evening an At Home," for which the Secretary was res- ponsible, was proceeded with, and the evening was spent in various games, refreshments being also handed round. SHOOTING MATCH AT NEWTON.

On Saturday afternoon a shooting match betwee mixed teams of the past and present members of the"o" Company of the South Lancashire Regiment P.W.volunteers stationed at Rarlestown, took place on the Highfield Moss range. The teams were under the captaincy of Colmar-Sergeant Dolan and Ser- geant Tarlatan, and although the weather was not favourable to high scoring, some good shooting was seen. In the end Colour-Sergeant Dolan's team won by 35 points. The stake was a tea to he paid for by the losing team, and after the match the teams sat down to a substantial repast at the Pied Bull Hotel provided by Mr. Dorman. At the con- clusion of the meal. Colour-Sergeant Haseldine took the chair, and Colour-Sergeant Dolan the vice- chair. Selections of music were given, and several toasts were honoured, amongst others being "The winning team." " The officers," " Highest scorers," and the reunion of the members of the Company was spoken of in very appreciative terms. One of the old members threw out a challenge to shoot "the past members versus present," which was readily accepted, and the match will be decided shortly.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF Mit. W. BALL.

Sincere regret has --temen-expile;e-e-d--.at the prema- ture decease of Mr. William Ball, of Hawthorne ' Terrace, Crow-lane, Newton, at the age of 31 years. Mr. Ball has for about 16 years been employed in the office of the wagon works of the L. and N.-W. Railway at Earlestown, where he was much respected by his colleagues. He had also for about two years filled with ability the position of secre- tary of the Loyal Viaduct Lodge of Oddfellowa Til.U. He had been rather unwell since August last but it was not until a month ago that he had to relinquish his duties, and although he was assidu- ously attended by Dr. Valentine, he gradually grew worse, and finally succumbed on Friday morning , last, from chronic Bright's disease. He leaves a widow and one child. The interment took place on Tuesday at Wargrave Church. In addition to the relatives the deceased was followed to the grave by the whole of the office staff, and a large number of oadminws, including Mr. Thomas Lawton, r.p.G.AI,, West Derby Dian let , and Per- manent Secretary of the Loyal Travellers Rest Lodge, Gateacre and Woolston, near-Liver- pool. The coffin which was of polished oak with brass mountings was laden with numerous wreaths of choice flowers. The office staff sent a porcelain wreath with stand,and a porcelain wreath was sent by the Oddfellows Lodge. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. E. W. Witten-. bury-Rave, and the whole arrangements were carried out by Mr. Stevens. i 0 - --- GRAVE CHARGE AGAINST A WARRINGTON YOUTH. On Monday morning at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Alderman Francomb, and Mr. T. Birchall, Samuel Williams, 19 years of age, ' residing at 28 Robson-st., and employe at Messrs. 'Viands, was charged -with committing a criminal assault on a girl named Lettice Warburton, aged 5 years and 10 montbs,and living at 35, Robson-street, on Satur- day afternoon..—The Chief Constable stated the case at some length to the bench, the facts being briefly these : On Saturday prisoner was standing at the door of his parents' house and the child and others were playing about the street. Prisoner called to her and asked her to bring him a packet of cigarettes from the shop of Mrs. Crutchley, in the same street. She did so and he took her into the house, and it is alleged committed the assault ho is charged with. Mr. Talbot asked that if,as he expected. he should make out a strong prima facia case, the prisoner be committed to the Assizes. The fol- lowing persons then gave evidence ;—Lettico Warburton (the child mentioned), Florence Crutchley (10), Amy Bannister (14), Mrs. Warburton, Mrs. Crutchley, Inspec- tor Spinks, Councillor Dr. Cannell and Dr. T. S. Smith. The two latter gentlemen stated that they had examined the child and they thought an assault had been com- mitted. . Prisoner was formally committed to the next Liver- pool ,Assize.

y grew

SPECIAL SHOW of MANTLES. JACKETS, CAPES and PALETOTS on WEDNESDAY NEXT and following days.— EVANS'. 17, Sankey-street, Warrington. Importer,, ;51, Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

UPROARIOUS SCENES. THE MEETING BROKEN UP IN CONFUSION.

The monthly meeting oh the -above Council was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday afternoon, when the chair was occupied by Mr. C. B. F. Borron, J.P., C.C. There were also present Messrs. W. Beatty, J. Simpson. J. Smith, J.P., W. Gilmour, J. Slee, T. Ormand, W. Collingwood, W. Thompson, jun., P. Mac. Mahon, F. J. Wood, R. Stone, J.P., and E. T. Evans,and Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, and Mr. J. E. Worsley (law clerk).

===== 0002601_18951207_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BRIERLEY'S ILLNESS.

The Chairman s-aic-1--jb-ai--tri-e-c;TiTcTi-Would be pleased to hear of a satisfactory improvement in the condition of Mr. Brierley. A letter had been received from him in which he regretted that by the advice of the doctor, he would not be able to attend the meeting that day. He had only been absent from one meeting for upwards of 20 years, and that was through illness. He theretore regretted that he must ask the C4uncil to excuse his ab- sence that day. The Chairman thought that Mr. Brier- ley's record was very satisfactory. (Hear, hear.)

THE; REA.DING OF THE COMMITTE.E'S MINUTES'.

Mr. W. Collingv;oo-d- -;;ved-ilia.i-ifi"e-1;11t;;;; of the various committees be taken as read.

Mr. MacMihon : What is the use of this notice asking us to discuss the minutes if you take them as read. The Chairman : That has been explained to you be- fore.

Mr. MacMahon : It has not, air. You cannot explain it.

The Chairman : The minutes have been printed and hpen placed in your hands two or three days ago, so as to give you ample time to read them fully. It is a mere waste of the time of the Council for the Clerk to read all the minutes which you have before you. Before the minutes were printed, it was necessary for the minutes to be read, bu^, it is not now necessary. It is the custom in other places.

Mr. MacMahon : It is a waste of ratepayers' money to pay for the notice being printed if the minutes are not discussed.

The Chairman : The motion does not deprive you of the opportunity of discussing every minute upon this paper,_

MacMahon,not being satisfied with this,exclaimed amid much disorder : You can confirm whatever you like, and as you think fit, but why do you have this notice printed and paid for if you don't act up to it. The Chairman : If Mr. MacMahon objects,or any gen- tleman insists upon the minutes being read, I must ask the members to submit to them being read. Mr. Gilmour hereupon rose and asked why it was that the report of a sub-committee which had been held the previous Monday, was not on the paper. He also alleged that this was an unauthorised committee meet- ing, but if it had been held, it should be put on the minutes.

Ths Chairman : Sub-committees report to the commit- tees.

Mr. Gilmour : But that was an unauthorised commit- tre,and decided some question last Monday. I was not asked to attend, and I want to know why the proceed- ings are not on the minutes. The Chairman : You are out of order.

Mr. Gilmour I am not oi.ii—o-f—O-iaer. (Cries of "Order.") The Chairman 1 I protest against your conduct, Mr. Gilmour. I cannot bear you any longer. Mr. Gilmour.: But the Council shall hear me (Great disorder and cries of "Chair," and "Sit down.") A great scene of confusion hereupon ensued, almost every member of the Council endeavouring to speak at once. During a temporary Jull,the Chairman asked Mr. MacMahon whether he still insisted upon having the printed minutes read, to which that gentleman replied, "ph, don't ask me. It's no use. Ido object to the minutes being taken as read. Mr. Gilmour (again rising) : I move that the com- mittee meeting be discussed, and that we know, before we proceed to anything else what was done at that com- mittee meeting. The Chairman : You are entirely out of order, and you must sit down. Mr. Gilmour : You must hear me, and I will not its down. (Loud cries of "Chair, chair." Mr. Thompson now got up to speak, but Mr. Gilmour I refused to sit down, and for a time both Mr. Thompson and Mr. Gilmour were talking together, and the noise and confusion were such as to render it almost impos- sible to know what was being said. The Chairman again told Mr.Gilmour to sit down,and called upon Mr. Thom- pson, but Mr. Gilmour shouting at the top of his voice, said that he would not sit down until his resolution had been carried. Mr. Thompson again endeavoured to speak; but Mr. Gilmour demanded that his resolution should be put. The Chairman again refused, and Mr. Thompson was understood to say that he seconded Mr. Collingwood's motion to take the minutes as read, but Mr. MacMahon here interrupted, and wanted to know which of the two gentlemen were to be listened to, and he proposed that the standing orders be suspended. Mr. Thompson at length succeeded in obtaining a hearing, and said that he seconded Mr. Collingwood's motion. He also said that he was surprised that Mr. Maclilation should object to such a motion, as it did not preclude anyone from discussing any portion of the minutes.

Mr. MacMahon ! I propose that the standing orders be suspended while we discuss the sub-committee's minutes of last Monday. The Chairman: That is net in order, and sit down, I Mr. MacMahon. Mr. Gilmour : It is all very well to say that it is Out of eider but you will have to put the motion (Mr. Smith : Chair, chair). There are too many chairmen here. One Is enough. After another scene of confusion, the motion of Mr. Collingwood was put to the meeting, and only Messrs. Gilmour and MacMahon dissented. The law clerk asked for the names of those who voted against the motion, but to this Mr.MacMahon replied : What's the use? You would not put them down correctly if they were given. (Loud uproar.) •

===== 0002601_18951207_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTE OF CENSURE ON MR. MACMAHON.

Mr. Stone said that he was surprised to hear a remark like that of Mr. MacMahon's from any member of the Council. He really thought that that called for a vote of censure. The Council should maintain their officials so as to enable them to command some respect. If such remarks had been necessary, they should have been made in committee and not in that public room. Mr. MacMahon : Many times my name has been put down as present at the committee meetings when I have been in the nest room.

Mr. Stone now formally moved a vote of censure on Mr.MacSlahon.

Mr. Gilmour opposed the resolution. Mr. Simpson seconded Mr. Stone's motion, and said that he thought it was simply disgraceful that such language should be used. - Mr. MacMahon got up to speak again, but the' chair- man promptly told him to sit down, to which he replied that he would not sit down for him. After further scenes, Mr. MacMahon said that he thought he was justified in his remarks as his name had been recorded wrongly on previous occasions. Mr. Evans : I think Mr. MacMahon might apologise. Mr. MacMahon : I will not do anything of the kind. Mr. Ormand said that he had no doubt that Mr. MacMahon was right when he said that his attendances were recorded incorrectly,but Mr. Worsley was certainly not to blame for that. He hoped that the resolution would not have to be put, as it made a precedent. He was sure that no member of the Council doubted the accuracy of Mr. Worsley's records but at the same time, he thought Mr. MacMahon had some cause for grievance although Mr. Worsley was not at fault. Mr. MacMahon still refused to withdraw his imputa- tion, although he denied saying that the law clerk had been the cause of the mistakes he complained of. The Chairman Said that he was sorry that Mr. Mac- Mahon bad not adopted the course suggested by Mr. Evans. It was a gentlemanly course to take, and it Mr. MacMahon had any cause to complain of any past meeting, he had had ample opportunity to have it cor- rected. As he had neglected to do so, it was his own fault that they had not been corrected. He must say with regard to Mr. MacMahon's conduct, that it was a disgrace, that language of that sort was used to the officials of that Council, not only on that occasion but lon many previous occasions. (Cries of "hear, hear.") 1 Mr. MacMahon: Leave other times alone. You are censuring me for to-day. The Chairman: I think it is lowering to the dignity of the Council that the officials should be spoken about in that fashion by members of tbe Council, as they were not in the same position to defend themselves. He thought that too much insulting language had been used to the officials, and lie now put the resolution of Mr. Stone to the meeting. Mr. MacMahon: Allow me to speak. The Chairman: We have allowed you to Speak too much. If you are going to apologise, I shall allow you to speak. Mr. MacMahon: Name the words I must say. Mr. Stone here said that he-had taken down the words which had been said, and ho read them: Turning to Mr. MacMahon, he asked him whether he would ; apologise for those words. If he would, he would have great pleasure in withdrawing his resolution. Mr. MacMahon: I will not do it. The resolution was then put, and only Messts. Mac- Mahon and Gilmour voted against it. Mr. Gilmour again endeavoured to speak but the Chairman refused to allaw him, and he then said that there would be plenty of opportunity yet for speaking. THE BREA% UP ICIF. THE MEETING. After the minutes of the last meeting had been car- ried, the Highways, &c., Committee's minutes were pro- posed by Mr. Collingwood, seconded by Mr. Evans. Mr. Gilmour again demanded that the committee meeting held the previous Monday be discussed before the minutes of the Flighways Committee. . The Chairman : I must rule you out of order. It is • not on the minutes. Mr. Gilmour : But I want it there; and that is why I move my amendment. The Chairman : I tell you, you are out of order, and , sit down. 1 Mr. Gilmour: These meetings ought to be known to 1 the public, and you have no right to have-unauthorised meetings of that kind, I move an amendment that that meeting be discussed EOW.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
or staterni in the 1 ' The

wow' IXEYI/FoR NESS usf ONcr BuicKi -1441),r EA MAKERS 70 77/EQUEEN.

N

The Chairman : That is not an amendment and I can- not accept it. . . . .

Mr. Ormand said that as that meeting bad reference to some fraud or appropriation of the Council's money, he thought certainly that he, as chairman of the Finance Committee ought to have been invited to attend the meeting. The Chairman then gave an explanation to the effect that the charge of fraud was in reference to certain work- men in the employ of the Council. The committee were at present investigating it. Mr. Gilmour seemed to have a grievance, but he thought that what had been done was quite in accordance with the ordinary rules of the Council.

Mr. Gilmour and Mr. MacMahon wanted to know who had selected the committee but the Chairman called them to order. They refused to comply,and another pro- longed scene of disorder ensued in which probably ten out of the 14 members present endeavoured to be heard. Mr. Slee and Mr. Kaye endeavoured to address the meet- ing, whereupon Mr. MacMation exclaimed: Helloa, we have got a parson up now. He'll put us straight. Mr. Stec, at this stage appeared to be utterly disgusted and moved that Messrs..MacMahon and Gilmour be removed out of the room-

Mr. Wood said that he would move that the meeting be adjourned for a week as certain members were not in a fit state to discuss the business.

Mr. Beatty seconded the motion. • Mr. Wood said that he thought it was a disgrace to the people who bad sent them there that they could not conduct themselves in a proper manner.

. . The motion was then put and carried and the meeting broke up amid great confusion, and it was more than a quarter of a hour afterwards before the excited council- lors separated and left the Town Hall.

- SALE OF WORK AT EARLESTOWS.

SPEECH BY THE HON. T. W. LEGIT, M.P.

On Saturday afternoon the Hon. T. W.Legh, M.P., opened a Chinese fair and sale of work in the St. John's Parochial Hall, Earlestown, in connection with St. John's Church. The sale of work was in aid of a debt of about £65 &ill remaining on the hall, which it was anticipated would be entirely cleared off by this effort. The room had been very nicely laid out, a number of stalls laden with a variety of articles of a useful and ornamental character, having been erected down each aide, whilst the side shows comprised a galvanic battery, kicking the football, quoits, living pictures, wax- works, and art gallery, &c. There was also a Christmas tree with numerous fancy articles sus- pended from its branches, and a bran pie in which the visitors dipped to try their luck. At the open- ing there were present, the Revs. T. R. Mathews, E. W. Wittenbury-Kay, Mr. C. B. F. Horton, Mr. T. Pimblett, Mr. J. Rylance and a large number of the general public. The Rev. T. R. Matthews, by way of introduction,said they were all aware of the object, the promotion of which they were met together for that afternoon. They all knew that some time ago they had a very great need for such a room as that, and a good many of them saw the building and completion, and also witnessed the opening. Many of them had also used the room since for many purposes. Now they were met t,gether to try and wipe off the small debt which remained, and their ' friend, Mr. Legh, their worthy member wbo was always ready to help, had very kindly come a long way that day for the purpose of opening that sale of work. (Ap- plause.) Mr. T. A. Pimblett (churchwarden) wished the bazaar every success. He thought it was the third bazaar they had held. They had one in the year 1890 at which they did very well, and which Mr. and Mrs. Legh very kindly came and opened for them. The second was held in 1893, and they did very well at that,but they wanted to do better on this occasion, and to clear the small debt off. He thought the debt was about £6O or £7O and they ought to clear that off very easily that day. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P., said the object for which they were assembled that afternoon, and in support of which they had done him the honour of inviting him to be present, was one which required very few words of recommendation from himself. He had always been told, and he was entirely of the same opinion himself, that upon similar occasions, the least said the better. People were assembled there for the purpose of business, and those were not the opportunities which ought to be taken advantage of for delivering lengthy speeches. That building he believed had been in existence for three years, and he thought he officiated at its birth. For those three years it had served many purposes, and had also been a centre of useful and bene- ficial work. (Hear, hear.) In the language of the wild- est flights of imagination one could not describe the building as architecturally beautiful,but it was a monu- ment of the zeal and activity of the members of a particu- lar congregation. There was a common delusion, which was shared by many ignorant people, that everybody in Lancashire,and every place in Lancashire was so abnor- mally prosperous that there was no difficulty whatever in finding money.lle only wished that delusion was true. That particular parish was at once the largest and smallest of the three which were contained in the town- ship of Makerfield, and perhaps it was owing to this that this particular Mission Hall had not received any supportifrom the various churches and missionary socie- ties in the neighbourhood. It must be borne in mind that Earlestown was composed of the working class, and wealthy residents were conspicious by their absence. That building had cost something like, £B7O of that sum no leas than £5OO had been contributed by members of the congregation, who were, he believed, all members of the working class also, and it was highly to the credit of those persons in spite of contributions from outside, and five persons who did not reside in the town, there was only something like a debt of £65 to clear off in order to put the establishment on a sound financial basis. He did not think there would be much difficulty In obtaining that amount !which he might des- cribe as a small sum. If he might judge from the large number of persons he saw before him, he was sure a much larger sum would be realised, and he was sure those people who had given their time, and service in making the exhibition, would meet with their due re- ward. He then formally declared the sale open. Mr. Pimblett moved a hearty v Ate of thanks to Mr. Leah. Mr. J. Itylance seconded and it was heartily ac- corded. The Rev. 1". R. Matthews said their member had spokon or the plainness of their structure. The late Canon Whitley, some 18 years ago, told him that they wanted a useful and not an ornamental parson for the pariah. (Laughter.) The sale was then briskly nro- ceeded with, the takings for the day being about £53. The sale was continued on Monday, when the receipts amounted to about £32, the total for the two days be- ing upwards of £B5. A large number of articles remain unsold, which will be disposed of by public auction later on.

The Rev. W. Arrowsmith in the course of hist addrefil, referred to the tact and energy and self sacrifice which his colleagues had manifested,anc he could only hope that the result of that bazaar might be the consummation Of 'their highest hopes. He believed that dune" the time • of the bazaar, they would be favoured with the Byre- pathy of the circuit at least, and he hoped with the - Presence of a good many people from different parts of the circuit. They must net forget that they had had an overplus of bazaars in the neighbourhood, and some of their friends were almost afraid of the name of a bazaas's a?d if they were not present, it was riot because they did not sympathise with them, and wish them well, but perhaps other reasons prevented them being present. The presence of Mrs. Walker that afternoon showed that they appreciated the services she and her husband had rendered in days gone by. (Applause.) Mrs. Walker said it was a great pleasure to her to be present that afternoon, a pleasure which was greatly' increased because of meeting with old friends and fellow - workers, although she missed many of the old faces, the memory of which was very dear to her. They had been promoted, and now rest from their labours, but. the effects of their lives were seen there that day. The little seed scattered here and there bad brought forth fruit. When she looked round at the - stalls, and thought of the amount of labour,she tharikec, God on their behalf. They had always been a self hell?: society, and the words of St. 1-aul to the Romans be applicable to them " Be patient and weary rot In well doing." She was often busy at 'bazaar work, and that was the sixth she had had to do with recently. bt:l . felt thankful that women took such an active part in the work of God ; she liked to give women a ward encouragement. What would their beloved alethooltsPa be to-day without women? She failed to see the evil ar? b alars if conducted aright, that some people .speak about. Did they not teach our young people thrift awe_ industry, and were they not better fitted to becol.3. wives and mothers? Princess May set them all a splendis:. example ; if a friend called to see her she did not put he work down, but made an apology by saying allelic" r besy, ths. w ould excuse her going on with her V7ol* . i 1. S = She r eluded by declariug the bazaar open, and hope u t would he a fin +ncial success. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Bartley moved a vote of than to Walker, and and the Chairman, which Mr. P. Parr seconded, and it was heartily accorded. Many of those present then adjourned to the luncheon__ table were a most substantial repast was served.. In! sale was afterwards proceeded with, and until o'clock it was pursued with much vigour. The varied! side shows did very good business, especially the" Viral work" in charge of Prof. Clairiouni and his man There - There is no doubt the " Waxwork " was well worth at visit, because of the manner in which the affair IV?* managed. The characters were described; as "11; breathing creaturest'tand the Prole sex showed raue aptitude in his descriptions of the figures, the even; There were also half hourly concerts during rig, and during the day the music in the large hall ,W.:O supplied by Mr. A. Peplow, Miss Florence Holliday', Lizzie Blair. At the corcerts the humorous ParL vraa eyer supplied by Mr. A. McAllister, and the vocalists provided by Mr. Walter Thompson. Other attractionfl consisted of "Edison's Phonograph," galvanic fairy well and fish pond, in charge of Miss Graham, 141,1 Amy Barr, and Miss M. Bridge • royal archery in ebar% of Miss Webster and Miss M. Ba•rr • bran tub, in charg" of Misses E. Bradshaw and Annie Swann. Prof. Ja•ig Howard Barker, phrenologist and thought reader Nv also present ; and excellent business appeared to be done" by each of the attractions. ed The takings at the bazaar on Thursday amount £l2l 103. battery!

MINOR CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairciongh (in the ebAir)' and Mr. J. H. Fkming. " COMFORTING HIS MOTHER."--WiIIIAM Hart,Frisses-greel4 was charged with having been drunk and di sorderly,and for: ther with having assaulted his mother on the previous night,. P.O. Berry stated that from information received he Pri3; ceeded to Hart's house on the previous night and aP)k,e„ let prisoner about his consluct. Prisoner then said " I vi". you know,'' at the same time rushing at witness• They closed and after struggling together for some minutes r.y_ Fish appeared on the scene. Prisoner was then taken to tile' Police Station—Mrs. Hart, mother of the prisoner, who aler peered in court with her heal bandaged, said the Pris°.? pushed her against a door, the latch of which ma& a woTble on her head. The wound bled freely,and she had to t° aDie Infirmary where it was dressed.—The Chief Const markect that'• that was the way the man comforted his Poo; old mother when she had another son lying dead."--14.1"ne was sent to gaol for one month with bard labour.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN BAZAAR AT EARLESTOWN.

A three days'hazaar in connection with the Earleqtown I Wesleyan Church, was opened in the Town Hall, Earles- I town, on Thursday, by Mrs. B. Walker, of Southport. The members of the congregation have for months past been busily engaged preparing for thia bazaar, their object being to raise about 1.'400, for the purpose of extinguishing the debt remaining on the Trust premises, to provide funds for improved ventilation, and for refurnishing. No effort has been spared to ensure success, and for this purpose the services of Messrs. Cowgill and Co., of Blackburn, were secured to arrange the large room of the Town Hall to represent as early English or 17th century Market Place. Taking the de- I scriptinn supplied bylthe scenic artigtes, we might say that on the platform was placed a large gateway, such as might have been seen in former times, denoting the entrance to a walled city, and somewhat resembling that relic of by-gone days so recently removed in London, viz., Temple Bar, and this forms a striking feature of the decorations. In front of the walls and arranged on each side of the room are quaint old houses and shops of the period, with their latticed windows, high pointed gabled roofs, the fronts showing the old oak beams and sup- ports so largely used in those primitive days, and which form such a distinctive feature of the architecture of the period, with here and there the old time-worn projecting signs. These are built in model, with the stalls under- neath, forming as it were, shops tilled with a liberal display of all kinds of useful and ornamental articles for sale. At the opposite end of the room the gallery is treated harmoniously with the rest of the design ; the front of it so arranged as to form a wall with the scenery placed a short distance behind it, so that the visitor may ascend and look over the battlements at the busy scene below. In the centre of the room is an old English Market Close, at the base of which are disposed flowers and plants. There were altogether seven stalls, including the Ladies' Sewing Meeting Stall (2), Young Ladies' Fancy Stall, Young Men's Stall, Sunday School Children's Stall,Flower Stall, and Refreshment Stall—all of which were presided over by a large staff of ladies and gentlemen. The whole arrangements were carried out by a numerous committee, of which the Rev. John Bart- ley was president. hon. treasurer, Mr. George Burgess ; hon. sec., Mr. P. Parr ; hon. assist. sec., Mr. S. Barrett. The gathering on Thursday was presided over by the Rev. W. Arrowsmith,wha was accompanied on the plat- form by Mrs. Walker, Rev.J. T. Waddy,B.A., S. Harper E. R. Davies, and Mr. P. Parr (sea.). Amongst those. Present in the body of the hall were :—Mesers. J. W. Emmett, E. T. Evans. C. W. Emmett, James Howard (Seaforth), G. Owen, P. Chandley, J.Roherts, T Sander. igen, J. Gooding, A. Cawley, and Rev. H. S. Sandford. After the singing of a hymn 'prayer was offered byithe Rev. J. T. Waddy, 8.A., of Pruett.

===== 0002601_18951207_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•,;

===== 0002601_18951207_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPERINTENDENT ATHERTON'S TESTIMONIAL FUND. This Fund will be closed on SATURDAY, DEMI BBR 14TH, and persons wishing to subscribe are res- pectfully requested to pay their donations into . FARR'S BANK, or to Mr. J. B HOLLAND, hon. treas., or to Mr. W. SUTTON, hon. sec., Runcorn, before that date. WESLEY AN FOREIGN MISSIONS. CAMDEN (RUNCORN) BRANCH. On SATURDAY, DEC. BTH, "SISTER ANNIE" will conduct a Service commencing at 2.15 p.m. Evening Service at 6 o'clock, when the Nev. T. BRACKEN. BURY, will preach. THE ANNUAL ME i TING will be held on TUBS DAY,Dko. ICtra, Chair taken at 7 o'c.oek by P. SPEAKMAN, Esq„ J.P., C.C. Rev. A. W. HALL (La-e Missionary on the West Coast of Africa), will deliver and ADDRESS. Summar I " MISSION WORK IN THE LAND OF DEAT.a." A Collection at each Service on behalf of Foreign Missions. BILL SEASON, 1895- 96.—And erto n's Bijou Orchestra.—Bands supplied any number, for B Hs. Entertainments, Parties, :to., by R. Anderton, late H.ll. Life Guards Band. R A.M.. H.M. State Ball Bands, and principal London Orchestras All the latest music: on hand. Novelties procured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone soloist for Concerts.—For terms Apply R. ANDER- TON, 78, Buttermaraet-street, Warrington. THE PARR HALL._POPULR SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS. The Parr Hall Committee have p'easure in announcing that the FIRST of a Series of Popular Saturday Evening Concerts will be given in the Hall ON SATURL,AY. DECEMBER 7TH, When a Costume Recital of Wallace's Famous Opera, '•MARITANA," And a Misceliamous Concert will be given. Artistes: MISS FANNY DE BOUFFLERS, Soprano. MISS ROSE KEEFE, Mezzo Soprano. MR. GEORGE BART( /21 Tenor. MR. SIDNEY TAYLOR, Tenor. MR. ALlilr. WOOD, Baritone. Id.R. WILFRED ELLISON, Basso, and MR. WILSON I3LACKLEDGE. Humorist. MR. GEORGE MUSS, Pianist and Conductor. The WARRINGTON BOROUGH BAND will also play Selections. Prices of Admission : 2s. (reserved seats), is., 61., sad 3d. For the Parr Had Committee, J. LYON WHITTLE. 'DARR HALL, WARRINGTON.-POSITIVELY FOR ONE WEEK ONLY, COMMENCING • MONDAY loncr, DECEMBER 9TH. LIVERMORE BROTHERS' WORLD-RENOWNED COURT MINSTRELS In Costume George 11. OU GREAT ARTISTES 50 • NEW AND BRILLIANT PROGRAMME, as given before Their Majesties the KING AND QUEEN OF THE BELGIANS, on Friday. July 20th, 1894, at Brussels. SUPERB DOUBLE CHOIR OF VOCALISTS, CHARMING INSTRUMENTALISTS. INIMITABLE DANCERS. THE PHALANX OF COMEDIANS and SPECIALITY ARTISTES. Altogether forming the Greatest Minstrel Combination in the World. GRAND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCE on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14TH. (Equal in every respect to the Evening). Doors open at 2, commence at 2.30. Admission: Reserved Seats, 25.; Unreserved, Is. 6d.; Second Class, Is.; Third Class, 6d. Doors open each Evening at 7.15. commence at 7.45. Early door open each Evening at 6.45 (to avoid the crush). 3d. extra to all parts. Plan of Reserved Seats and Tickets at Mr. B. H. Pearson's Music Warehouse, 10, Bold-it. Ticket holders will be admitted at the early door without extra charge. • -z • BOROUGH OF 1772;,, WARRINGTON. ,el+ :1442 " OX6''' • THE PRIVATE STREET WORKS ACT, 1892. PASSAGE BETWEEN WELLINGTON-STREET AND LORD NELSON-STREET, MA.RSH-STREBT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington. acting as the Urban District Council, have resolved that each of the above streets shall be levelled, paved. flagged, channelled, and made good, in pursuance of Sectica 6of the above Act, and Save further resolved "That the specifications, plans and sections, estimates and provisional apportionments, pre- 'Pared by the Borough Surveyor, in respect of such streets, be approved." The said specifications, plans and sections, estimates, and Provisional apportionments. or duly certified copies thereof, will be deposited during one month from the 30th day of November, 1895, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at the Town Hall, and will be open to inspection at all reasonable times. All information may be obtained from andinspection given by the Borough Surveyor at his offices aforesaid, or by the Undersigned. Dated this 30th day of November, 1895. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :—ej WESTGARTH. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House Orders promptly attended to. 1 NO. 98 CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS.— The Technical Instruction Committee offer for competition-12 scholarships in DOMESTIC SUBJECTS, tenable for a period of nine weeks at the DAIRY INSTI- TUTE,WORLESTON. COMMENCING January 6th next. Candidates must be 16 years of age and upwards. Also one Scholarship for Sick Nursing tenable at an approved Hospital. Candidates must be 22 years of age and up- wards. Application forms for either of the above can be /lOW Obtained from the undersigned RICHARD P. WARD, Crewe. UPPER MERSEY NAVIGATION ACTS, 1876 AND 1879. Ithe undersigned Henry Collier, of Runcorn, in the County of Chester. being by writing under the baud of. Arthur Sinclair, Esq.. the Chairman of the Upper Mersey Navigation Commissioners, dole appointed the Returning Officer for the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety five at the Election of Commissioners, under the above mentioned Acts, DO HEREBY DECLARE that the Under, mentioned two persons have been this day duly nominated for the Office of Elected Commispioners under the Upper Mersey Navigation Acts, 1876 and 1879, and the number of persons so nominated not exceeding the number of vacancies, I DO HEREBY DECLARE the said several Persons to be duly Elected Commissiorsers under the said Acts and such Commissioners shall enter on their office on the first day of January now next ensuing. Names of persons elected as aforesaid : WILLIAM DOUGLAS PHILLIPPS, Railway and Canal, Manager. Stoke-upon-Trent. JOSEPH VERDIN, Salt Proprietor, of the Brockhurst, Northwich. Dated at the Office of the said Commissioners in Runcorn In the County of Chester, this Second day of December, One thousand eight hundred and ninety live. (Signed) HENRY COLLIER, Officer.

I

lANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free. 1 NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASEDIIN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 To 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

pIANOS.-108. per month on Crane and Sons' easy one, two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good pi .no on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, 'Scotland-road, Liverpool.

t_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned from hire.—Far superior to badly-cqnstructed low-priced new ones. Oreat sale - Drands and Cottages, Broadwoods. Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to fly part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

PURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Brard, Steinway, Bechatein, and other makers of repute is Cr.ne and bons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SUNS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY. LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLIN ,TON, LIVERPOOL,. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. 205. „ £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. GORDON, Manager. SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from Is. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PA.UL. Outfitter, 69. Bridge Street, Warrington.

PUPTURES, FOR CULE OF RUPTURES. 11, T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; aonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Orosvenor-street , Loa- don-road. Manchester.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. dm. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery, and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., titimsisiATlSTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

SORIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY. SCHIRRWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal.' fame for these Watches as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l. 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3lO 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BAWDS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, go., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCIIPS IT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

RIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, SheMelo!. and Eleetro Plate. Antiques, Dentaii3old, &a. Letters attended to. 0. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Itenshaw-street. Liverpool

P ERSO N A L .APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVIL—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS I per 05.1 IMMOVABLE 1 from MADE UP, f 2s. SC ALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEBO& MEET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, MACINTOSHES MADE, ALTERED, REPAIRED, CLEANED An., at low charges. Country parcels receive special attention.—The MACINTOSH REPAIRING COM- PANY, 8 PEESCOT-STREET, one door before the nova Liver Liverpool.

XMAS, 1895. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to call and Inspect Christmas Show of CIGARS, FANCY GOODS, ac., at WILSON Moan; and Co.'s, 38, Paradise-street, Liverpool.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, BAROMETERS, ao., At 25 per cent, less than Lord-street prices. CHADBURN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17. JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABI- NETS, Br.c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modarn Silver, Curios Diamonds, Jewellery, and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

VORFEITED PLEDGES TO BE SOLD CHEAP. Tools of all kinds. enormous stock. Men's Overcoats from 35., Men's Trousers from is. 9d., Men's Vests from Is., Men's coats from Is. 3d„ Sheets from is., Blankets from Is. 6d., Counterpanes from is. 35., Jewellery and Cutlery. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKRII3 AND OOL FACTORS, 118 to 130, BROWNLOVi -HILL. LIVERPOOL.

UUMBRELLAS,—Practical Manufacturer : re-covered in Bilk from 4s. 6a., In half-an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice.—A large variety of second hand umbrellas from is. 6d, to 2s. 6d. each. Established 30 years.—MoaauLEv, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PH OTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING ADM EVERYTHING

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. "ANY Docron WILL TELL YOU" there is no better Cough Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. One gives relief they will Cure, and they will not injure your health. Sold everywhere in 1)0. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY.

NOTICE. TO THE PEOPLE OF WARRINGTON. GAME AND POULTRY, • FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISII SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE OPEN EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY. With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of thir? Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9n. each. . CHICKENS, from Is. 31i. each. DUCKS. from is. 3n. each. TURKEYS, from 7n. per lb. GEESE, from 60. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2n. PER LE. ' • GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE . _ . GRIMSBY FIH SUPPLY Co. - KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. NOTE TH 13 ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

LII4H HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES Desires to inform his customers that PHOTOGRAPHo REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YRAR'S PRESENTS Should be placed on order as early as passible, to ensure their being ready in time, at, this dull season of the year. MR. BIRTLES begs to say that Experiments are beiag tried with a new ARTIFICIAL LIGHT, and if found practical the same will be put in use for Night Photography and on dull days. Further notice will be given.

NOW OPEN 231 BUTTERMARKET STREET, With a well-selected Stock of BOOKS, STATIONERY, AND FANCY GOODS. JOHN S. GREEN, PRINTER, BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER, 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE NEW WINTER OVERCOATINGS. Having completed my arrangements for tke Winter Season, I am now pre- pared to Show a complete New Stock of WINTER OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS at THREE GUINEAS. Co SUNDERLAND. 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM GILL, FAMILY BUTCHER AND CONTRACTOR. • 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINCITON. ORDERS RIC POST OR CARRIER RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning; LYMM, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; WINWICK, PENKETH, SANKEY and BOLD, Tuesdays and Fridays; MOORE, DARRSBURT, NORTON, Aa., Wednesdays and Fridays. TELEPEONE 118.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND ,PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON IME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE : Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS 1 SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19 Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Masson-street, Runcorn, Garston,, Arpley, Warrington Mold Jn.

PASSAGE BOOKINGS. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. SPECIAL CHEAP RATES TO CAPE COLONY (South Africa) AUSTRALIA. NEW ZEALAND, AMERICA and CANADA. PAMPHLETS and fullest information sent post free on application to WILLIAM WATSON AND CO. PASSENGER and SHIPPING EXCHANGE, 23. WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. H. MILLS, Telegrams, Manager. " Stateroom," Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. OW' LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown, EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not canned on Passenger Steamers. GERMANIC Wed.. Dec. 11. I *TEUTONIC Wed.. Dec. 18. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAY. IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.C., and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

MIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE 11 WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., Mat _ "EXAMINER ' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR pIINARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- V) DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

129, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock)% Manchstar MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, QRality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. , Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. 1 MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown awl Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT VD FREE every FRIDA Y,ll a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers The best and Cheapest House in the Trade , Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Lett..rs patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. 1 MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality, MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MAQDONALDS? TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. ' MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. 1 MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. 'MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. • MAODONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, H IGR-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchetter. -

• CHRISTMAS SHOW. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Are now holding THEIR ANNUAL SHOW OF USEFUL AND ARTISTIC NOVEL S for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND AAR GIFTS. The Collection inch e the NEWEST AND BEST PROBUCTIONS of the ENGLISH AND CONTINENTAL MANUFACTURERS Fancy Goode of all descriptions, JEWELLERY, FANS, REAL SILVER ARTICLES. CHOICE CHINA, BRASS GOODS, LEATHER WARE. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, atc. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES ANDI GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. &LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONB STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, dm, for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and BATES of COMMISSION on applio ation AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insuranoe Co.

TIASSINETTES and Maileans direct from the JUP maker. Mailettes, the best in the trade. registered design. • few second-hand Hassinettes, in splendid condi- tion, must be cleared to make room for Christmas goods. Wringing Machines from 355. each. Easy payments if re- quired. Biderkin make, 20 years' experience.-192, LONDON- ROAD, Liverpool.

LAUREL BANK SCHOOL, HIGHER BROUGH- TON, MANCHRSTER. Careful training for profes- sional or commercial life, thorough preparation for University Examinations ; healthy locality ; large field for games. A few boarders are received.—J. A. BUTTON, Principal.

MA Is.CITH9IOI for LINKBoys SCHOOL, S r 14 Twenty-fiveliAij ° M guineasE yearly. Healthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the special care of Principal's wife, who is very successful in their training. There having been no medical visit during the last ten years,—AddressDr. IVIR. FRANROFWi:HREEpYINANOOLFDATBR:A.; TEACHER VICTORIA LODGE, BUXTON. Particulars as to terms, &c.. may be obtained from Mr. B. H. Pearson, Bold-street, Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge. TNSTITUT JIAB R, BAD ILMENAN, THDRIN- GEN, GERMANY.—HIDH SCHOOL fur the Daugh- ters of Gentlemen, course of instructions, the German State Curriculum, with fieet-class Music, Drawing, &c. Eng- lish and French spoken. Needlework and cooking lessons. Home life a speciality. Diet swellent and unlimited. L‘rge house and grounds. Particulars from FRAULEIN Mama, Principal. English references.

ST. KATHERINE'S HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. BISHOP'S STORTFORD. Sound Educatloh. Liberal diet. Terms moderate. Apply to PRINCIPAL.

FOR GOOD VALUE IN CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN GO TO UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. THE LARGEST SELECTION IN TOWN.

CHRISTMAS 1895. SEASONABLE GIFTS. EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. COMMENCES SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30nr, AND CONTINUES THROUGHOUT DECESIBER. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT 2s in the £. E. A. EUSTANCE beg to announce th,ir ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE, during which the whole of their ENTIRELY NEW and EXTE ,SIVE STOCK will be subject to a BONA FIDE DISCOUNT of Is. in the £ off their uniformly low plain figure prices. A Splendid Assortment of the LATEST SEASON NOVELTIES Especially suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Inspection most respectfully invited irrespective of purchase. A Magnificent Range of GOLD AND GEM JEWELLERY as follows Gem ENGAGEMENT RINGS, prices from 3s. 6d. to £4O. Gold SIGNET and KEEPER RINGS (Hall marked) from 4s. to £2. The new Twist and Coil RINGS, in Set. and 18ct. gold from 6s. to £2 10s. Solid Gold (Hall marked) SCARF PINS and PIN STUDS from 4s. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) BROOCHES and EAR- RINGS from 4s. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) LINKS and SOLITAIRES from ss. to £2. Ledies' Solid Gold ALBERTS and GUARDS. Gelds' Solid Gold (Hall marked) ALBERTS in Sot. and 18ct. Gold sold by weight at lowest competitive price per oz. WEDDING RINGS. 22ct. Guinea Gold, sold by weight from 7s. 6d. to 505., every size always in stock. Solid Silver Jewellery of every description, Solid Silver Plate, best Electro Plate including all the Leading Designs and Novelties. CLOCKS, BRONZES, BAROMETERS, &c. Also a most varied Selection of Silver Ornaments, Flower Stands, Brushes Mirrors, Trays. Button Hooks, Shoe Lifts, Hand Mirrors, Scent. Salts, and Toilet Bottles ; Cigar , and Cigarette Cases, Match Boxes, Sovereign Purses, etc. Small Fancy Clocks in Gilt, Bronze and Silver, eminently suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. FANS. A very choice assortment of the above in the latest and most fashionable designs. WATCHES. Gold WATCHES from 50s. to £25. Silver WATCHES from 12s. 6d. to £6. WATCH SPECIALITIES. Our well-known English Watch Specialities are all hand-made English oilver. Patent Levers, Capped, jewelled. and fitted with all the latest improvements, prices ranging from 455. to £5. Each Watch is fully Guaranteed for 15 years. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT 2s. IN THE L. E. & A. EUSTANCE, WATCHMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. (Established 1864).

FORTUNE IN A FORTNIGHT Is not to be expected, but we are RETURNING 4n. IN THE is. TO ALL CUSTOMERS PURCHASING FANCY GOODS This CHRISTMAS, the Stock must be cleared before December 31st, as we are entirely relinquishing this Department. J. PARKINSON, TIM NEW PATENT LIGHT STUDIO, 45. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. Photos taken Day or Night regardless of the weather.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GED STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN IGNUM, AGENT.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS. 1 a tuhlsi I celebratedte r ICi tll Medicine Widow from tt e. Welch,oSnl tyl I originalContinuesTl ER Sn t7l) rapreparend genuined Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchise is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGLNAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London. are en- gr‘ved on the Gov.rnmsnt.Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each, by most Chemists.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efTectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale -Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP . 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. All consultations free. 'rEETIL Each! patient for workfornorecibuelfrozhand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. rrEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETEf. Painless Extracti4eirtiraosushiageto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the bite J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST /or BEAN.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. na.. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, LAYS, at Mrs. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, IS, APPLEMA.RKRT-ST

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, CHRISTMAS CARDS. HERBERT W. NAYLOR, BOOKSELLER. STATIONER AND FANCY GOODS DEALER. 21, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, LATE 'OBSERVER" OFFICE. A large and: Beautiful Selection of I ANCY GOODS AND BOOKS, Suitable for Presents, for the Season. CHRISTMAS CATALOGUE may be had on Application. MAGAZINES.—Disoount of 2,1. in the is, off Magazines.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND EONTRACTOR, FEARGHEAD, WARRINGTON. listimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

J. M ss, FAMILY BUTCHER, ^ {59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BBEF,VAUTTON. VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All ()sierra promply attended to and delivered when require.

V. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FANCY GOODS

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, T. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL, PORK, Az., Always on band, from bid. to 80. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOINER AND BUILDER, Rom] AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :--10, MERSEY MOUNT.

JOSEPH. TURNER, WHOLESALE BMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS 40 TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., Is. 21, Is. CI., Is. W., Is. 81-1., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, • BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

QOIITHPORT. SIINNYBIDD HYDRO-Phys., Dr. 1.3 BARNARDO, desirable Winter Restden3e, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Darkish, Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Terms from two guineas. - J.Boococw, Proprietor.

T LANDUDNO.—WEST END BOARDING ESTABLISH- LA MENT ; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness, good management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charming situation; view of bays, close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links; liberal table ; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JILPHCOTT, pro- prietor.

FURNISH AT JOHN HARROP'S. 122 BRIDGE-8 TREET, WARRINGTON. XTR. HARROP wishes to draw the attention p!_ -0-1- the public of Warrington and District to IMPROVED CREDIT SYSTEM. GOODS suPlAled LOWEST CASH PRICES for prompt monthly settlements or upon the following easy terms : .E 5 WORTH OF GOODS 2s. 6d. WEEKLY. .£lO WORTH OF GOODS 3s. 6d. WEEKLY. £2O WORTH OF GOODS ss. WEEKLY. BEING MANUFACTURES of all goods sold we, col uarantee the quality of every article supplied. NOTE THE ADDRESS JOHN HARROP, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

JACOBS OIL Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffness, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1i and 2/6. , ERs

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- iIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

SPECIAL NOTICE.—LAST WEER OF CHRISTMAS BEDDING CLUB. Y Pretty Solid Gold Payments taken. BREAST PIN, set with Brilli- ant equal to Diamond in lustre and S. D. brilliancy. A sacrifice for

PALL and nee our large stock of _ _ kJ Men's and Youth's Second-hand OVERCOATS, all in good condition. , Prices from 2s. 6d. to 21s. These Paymefits taken. are none of your cheap imitations, but good. sound.servibeable Worsted, Beaver, Tweed and Pilot COATS. Money returned if not approved of.

VERY Pretty Pair of Solid 15 V carat Gold EARRINGS, set Payments taken. with two very fine oriental pearls. unique design. Make a grand 15S. 6D. present. Given away for

HANDSOME Pair of Walnut DRESSING TABLES, quite Payments taken. new. New design, best British plate Glass Mirror attached. Washing Stand has tile back of very pretty £3 S. pattern. Price only for pair

ADY'S Very Handsome 18 carat _Li Gold Hall marked Keeper Payments taken. RING. Never been used. Very rich and pretty pattern. Only out this week. A chance not to Le I_9s. 6n. missed for

CIENTE very handsome Solid Set. Gold ALBERT, new de- sign. coloured, 'equal to 15ct. gold. Paymants taken. price only £3155.; also Lady's very neat Gold ALBIsRT, with gold £1 tasbell pendant, cheap for reh. 6G.

DUKE CEYLON IBA, original packages, taken for debt; cost 2s. Bd., any quantity Is. lld, per lb.; sample 3d.— WARD, Fowler-St., llillsbro, YOrki. X 1, WIPE for Pinest Cough Mixture discovered. sent for 11, Is. Pills ten Is. lid. size betties for 64.—Bacailux ANDO° , Battenhall, Worcester. DOES your Head Ache ? "RAPUYINE "cures instantly Send stamped addressed envelope to " C," KAPUTINS Limited, Huddersfield, for tree sample. WATE R SUPPLY.—Great success with the Divining Rod, underground streams traced. —Apply Joikx STELES. Water Expert, Bessie, Yorks.

A STKOLOGY. —Business prospects, marriage, &c., _CIL Partner described, 7d. ; send bi, th-time, description or photo.—Mr. JAMKS, 1, Com Exchange-st., Cambridge. 12LBCTRIC ALARM CLOCKS, w,th Bell, Battery, awiteb, ia Wire, ; Electric Bell Sets, complete, ss. 6d. Catalogues 2d.—GonTors BROOK, Electric Works. Manchester.

lIANDSOMB Wedding Present, Brazilian Silver, white throughout, 6'3 p aces table plate, 17s. 6d. ; sample spoon and fork, is.—MlB3 CLIFFORD. 83, Brixton-road, ndon.

A GREAT DISCOVERY. cluAtr.Am. WARD, AND 00.'S Bair Dyes. Black, Brown, Chestnut,Auburn and Ash 131onde. Post free,ls stamps. —.No. 2, IMPERIAL MANSIONS, Oxtord•st., W.C.

C LIBIBB HS, extra strong, carriage paid, Japanese Honeysuckie, Ivy, Virginia Creeper, Fzagrant Honey- suckle, 4s. 91. doz. ; lists Iree.—J. BAKER, Westend, SnutbAmpton.

BAST CHAIRS, in Saddle bags and Velvet, reduced V V to 375. each, worth 70s. ; Drawing ultes in Velvet aud l'apestri £5 55.. value Itti 85.—BENDRED, 27, klorthga...e-st., Bury et. Elmunds.

A 1 CHllkillit to Blake Money. Full license granted to make and sell fully-patented article ; costs lid., sells for 6d. ; can Le made at Lorne. Sample and parti- culars for 7 statnps.—GOTlLU AND CO.,3o3.Strand,Loudon.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS, Extra Qualities, Thread 35. 6d• Siik Ss.. each post free, direct from the Maker, W. H. MADDOCK. Abred-etreet tiouth ; Nottingham: livery Article guaranteed. Cheaper Qualities to order. •

L AITIII3N-WARII and, CHINA.--Seconds. £2 crates; _E..I beer. £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., ltailway Passage, Longton. Sudiordshire.

LISTABLISHBD 1875—Asscrted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China. bOs. arid upwards. Prices on appli- cacion.-- W. COOPER and Co., Ayshforl-street Works, off t-layton-st , LOngton, Staffordsh ire.

UCLA LUVIIs, env and inlet-proof ria.r n, La. SALB hillner, Clint:wood, Claubb, Petry, khillips, and others ; new and second-nand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —33. Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

eaognedua?cescestLirdiesvieto)tog. M aLr 11,11 N Lantern,Mrafchroic- gl.liN S' Bsig et: r* seop.s, ac.. new and second-hand. Incandescent gas lansps for Magus La terns —PHOTUORAPHIC DEPOT, 71, yxford.st. All Sanaa), Manchester. DANCING, novelty of season tiler "Carnival," new set' dinoe invented by H. if. JOHNSON ; MUSIC and descrip- tion is. 4d. Bail Nonni Guide with 3,1 &aces, including the latest. 6d. of H. IL. JOHNSON. Albany House, Tavistock- p ace, London, W.C. .X.

, lilsH LINAN TABLIICLOTHS.—Two very hauelamne flue .1 satin damask T.ble ‘loths, 21 yards long for is. 6cl each ; 12 loveLy tiouole damask Serviettes for lls. 6(1. All new Ina pretty patteins ; 42,10 r all. Approval.—Box 723, OILYARD'S LIBRARY, Bradtord.

13ULBS, 2s. 11.1. colkction.—six Hyacinthus, 24 Crocus, 12 JID double rulips.l2 single tutips,l2 Narcissus.l2 Snowdrops, sz Daffodils, 12 Iris, 12 Anemones, 12 winter ACouites, 12 Wood Hyacinthus, 12 Stir ot Bethlehem. 25.8d.10t; carriage pa,tl.—Tuaononu TURNER, Great Suiton,Sntton, Cnester.

1.4101 t ALL Impurities of the Blood, Rruptions of the Skin. Pimples on the Face take ••FLISTCHRICS BLOOD VtlßlFYltia IiRDICINB." Chemists everywhere in battles is. 10. and 2s. 6d. Copy of unsolicited Testimonials with trial uuttle tor 14 stamps.—FLicroama. chemist. Eekington. Rotherham.

/ 1111 NA and BARTHIMWA.RB.—Buyers are strongly ad- tj vised to send for pr cc lists of Dinner Sets, TOJ Sets, Toilet Sets; China and karthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of beat and seconds ; single set ot anything sent as sample. Buy direct from Lir, Pot- teries.—S.W EBB and Co.,Longton.ctaffardshi re Potteries.

FISH Flsli FISH ! receipt of 10s. we will for- ward 10 stone of Cod, Ling, Haddock. and Plaice; splendid quality, well-iced ; or on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d. will tOrward a bass of finest selected Fish, carriage paid to any part of Urea; Britain. Nal way Herrings 10s. per box,— LIREAT BRITAIN l'iss AND OTSTRIt SUPPLY COMPANY, Lirittlisby Bucks.

SEND YOUR FRAYED-OUT SHIRTS by post and have Ni-w Linen Fronts, Curls. and Collar-bands put to them 2s. 3d. each, six for 13s. 2s. 9d. each , six for 16s, ; cuffs and collar bands only. 14.3 d • is. 4d., Is. ..;,(1. each; fronts and collar-bands, is. 6d., Is. 91., 2s. each: any style. Re- mittance with order. Iteturned tree in two days.—THE bnlitt. Wank-KM-tax, 6, Western-road, Brighton. ...Intention this paper.

A BOOK FOR LADIES. The information contaiuei in this book ought tabs known by every married woman, and it will not harm the un- married to read. No book is writtm which goes so thoroughly into matters relating t married women. Some may thine too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case. for knowledge is power, and • the means of attaining happmess. The book can be had, in envelope. from V.E. ALLINSON, 30, Hygeia. Spanish-place, Manchester- square, London, W., in return tor a Postal Oraer for Is. 21. x ----TO PICTURE-a—PI—AMR MAKERS AND DECORATORS. MORRII,I7 and 18.Gresd St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, W.C. Cheapest BOUM in Londbas for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouldings, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. dc. Wholesale Carver and Gilder and NSepwe c al Pattern atte n Bt 10 oo nk toi,icstoupriutrz 01 eu rnst. Craut tl le r . Eegll d s i n ign. lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs, for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegrams, • RABBITRY. London."

ADIES INVALUABLE RECIPE; guaranteed effectual for .1.4 Ds. postal order. Try Ude. It le not much and will save pounds. REX, 1). Spring Villas, Alliance Avehue. Hull. QKIP-MAICING Business to be Disposed of; doing a good trade, and well establithed ; an opportunity seldom met with.—R. H. GREENWOOD, Skipmaaer, Rochdale, Lan- cashire.

PHOTOGRAPHY.—To Prevent P.O.P. Prints Sticking to Glass or Ferrotype use Bizz Paste ; excellent results 6d. Bottle post 7d.—TnomPiox and if EIGHLXY, 167, Borth Hill-street, Liverpool.: WHOLESALE BOOT WAREHOUSE, 126, KENSINGTON- Liverpool.—Send Postal Order for 35., I will send you one pair of Kid Lace or Button Boots' value 4s. lid., retail, any size; for is. 3d one pair Leather Slippers yalue 2s. 6d.

CI_OUT and RHEUMATISM promptly RELIEVED and SPEEDILY CURED, simple and effioacious remedy; send thirteen penny stamps for full recipe post free, saving exorbitant doctor's fe,s.—S. CoRLEY, 163, Ham Park-road, London B. Completely cured Advertiser.

lIOP PLANTS, Brewing variety, Kentish Geldings, beautiful climbers, plant out now for next seasou's flowering. 12 strong, hardy yearlings, is., post free.---3. COLLINS, Moor, Hawkhurst, Kent.

UOR PILES. inward, outward, or bleedwg. take Sped- -1 ding's Easelip and be cured, as hundreds befure, bold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. is. a box ; post free Is. 2d.

HOME EMPLOYMENT.—PIain writers preferred, either sex, for Book Agency Correspondence ; no canvassing. Specimen cony and Instructions, is. ; good payment ; genuine.—CHlNEY and Co., Beemont-road, London, N. GAS BlLL—Genuine method of reducing your GAS BILL without affecting the light in any iwav ; simple and effective; no patent burners or other expensive appliances.— Send is, to MAcuukuou STEWART, 5, East London-street. Edinburgh.

F \NB SHILLING PER VOLUME.—Messrs. Sharpe and 1.../ Kellett, Bookbinders, Printers, Lithographers and Stationers. La.. 8, Vernom•st.„ Liverpool. Bind all Maga- zines, such as "Leisure Hour" and " Cornhill," in full cloth lettered at One SLilling per Volume.

DROWN Oak BOOKCASE, plate glass doors, 61t. ME. long, I) aft. 6ln. high, of the best quality, PICTURES. am, and other good Second-Mud FURNITURE., too numerous to be mentioned. lobe sold cheap.—A. REDPERV, 22 and 24, City- road, 5 minutes' walk from Central Station, Manchester.

LIGE SALE, a bargaln.—Handsome Lady's and Gentleman's presentation Silver Keyless WATCH, In case, by good maker, value RA 10s. each. sent post free for Ll ensh.— Address Messrs. SMITE( and MILLS, 12, &Miley Gardens, Acton Vale, London, W.

HERBI4.—NATLIEWS MBDICINR.—JOHN BOOTH, Medical Herbalist,Crewe,2s yesrs' experience.lSufferers from Indigestion. Blood impurities, Nervousness, Gravel, Sluggish Liver, Private Complaints. &c. Advice and circu- lars free. Herbal Medicine and Pills, week's supply, is. 3d., properly mixed to suit complaint.—Try Nature's Remedies,

GUN.—UN QUESTIONABLE BARGAIN. First rate, Ynglish make guaranteed, double barrelled 12 bore breechloader, centre tire, double bolted. Top lever, rebounding locks, spring toren& circular hammers, spriegless strikers, horn heelplate, engine turned rib, handsome dark grained walnut stick. pistol band, well finished, neat engraving, linglish Government proof barrels, grand killer, condition equals new, approval. carriage paid, La /53.—W. 000 TE BE YNOLDS, Devonshire-street, Holborn, London.

25?000 Pairs of LEGGINGS, jcrst passed k lout of ser- vice,ligno(7 good-looking, with whalebone stiffening parlydes, atm% top lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound t,cp and bottom. Cost 7s. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. J. GASSON, Government contraetor, Eye. CIHRTSTMAS CARDS.—Our cheap Packets of Christmas Cards are better value than ever. Nine' enny Parcels contain 50. 20. or 12 good Cards. Or 100, 40, or 20 Choice Cards for Is. 3d. Twenty Cards, value over 6d. each, sent tor 2s. 100. ;or nine 6d. Cards for Is. 3d. Ten specially good Comic Cards for Is. Id.—Address COLLINS t CO., ss, Lupus-street, London, S.W. '

. . IMPORTANT TO MA,RRIED LADIES. Valuable and never-failing, remedies for all irregularftles and obstructions however obs inate or kng-stanning, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parallel in medical science: have saved thousands trouble. iflness and expense. Stamped envelope for price nat.—QUALIFIED CHEMIST. 201, Great Ancoats-3t.. Manchester.

TglOSES.—One dozen Dwarf Hybrid Ferpettuils, compris- ing A. K. Williams, Alfred Colomb. Baroness Roths- child. Beauty of,,Walthana. Charles Lefevre, Fisher 110'mes, Gloire de Margottin, General Jacquerninot, Magna Charts, Meryeille de Lyon, !drs. John Laing, Reynolds Hole. Al! descriptions of lfose Trees, Plants, Bulbs. Seeds. quoted for on application to W. 7. THRSZALL, .25, .Brooklands-road, Burnley. Lancashire.

SPDRT.—Noiseless Rabbitßifles. 95.; Pocket Rifles 9s. Ad.; Cartridges, Is. 6d. 100: " Boys Own Guns," 21. 34.; American Pocket Catanults. Is. 3d. ; Daisy Air Guns; 48.6 d. ; Cartridge ristols, 3s. 31. : Ratibit Bolt,rs, superior to Terre's, is. ; Pocket Nets, 6 for 2s. 3d. ; 50-yard Nets, 14s. ; Hare, Grouse. Plower. Partridgo, Pigeon, Decoy Calls. Is. 6d. eac,h ; Guns, Trifles, Nets. Traps, Decoys Sporting Requisites. Lists ld.—Josa EGCLESTON. Naturalist, Sunderland.

SORE EYES , . SKIN DISEASES! BAD LKOS ! WESLEVS OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bid Legs, Bad Mesas. Ulders, Burns, SCalds, Moils Rheumatic Pains. Sore Eyes. arid all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and tkit its gre a and vsnanifold virtues. Many eases have been cure When the doctors have falltd. Sent post free for n stamps, from HOLDIWYD'S DttUri STOltitS, Cleck- heaton. Yorks.

• ,LADIES. —A Message for You!!! In all oases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the 'MIRACULOUS and never-fisting Remedv.known all over the world as DASMAIL'S SPECIFIC. Thousands of testimonials testifying to thr Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINE. A Lady writes I—" Your Medicine is truly Wonthrful. My ease was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of st.rnpedennelopelo A. DASMAIL, 376 iAnedlio. Walt hamstow.•Estahlfihed nearly 50 years. x

its ILTRIMONY.—a correct PHOTO of your future HUB- -lin BAND or WIFII, with future prospects. 13 stamps and atamped directed envelode. send age, sex, and if po,sible time of isirth, to FRED HERBERT, liigh-street, Whitstable, Kent..

I‘IADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURV. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price is. 6d. (Strongest Ils. bottle). Post free 61. extra. IIIiRBAL INSTITUTE, It, HACKNEY-ROAD, (faci Short:ditch Church). LON DO N, Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forteit £lO3 for every testimonial that is not, genuine,and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irreg•darities, no matter how caused or h9w long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127. Galsford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this raper

MONEY.-21.0, to £1 m .000 advanced on promissory Note. Furniture (without removal), etc. Metropolitan Credit Company, 222. City-road, London. Established 1856. Deposit accounts opened, interest from 5 per cent. to 7i per cent. Send post card for Financial Almanac, containing full iparticulars and letters from clients. a

r linc, AND Bit CONVINCBD. Money advanced daily at .1 a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly att.nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

TH E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IS MANCIIESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £5lO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No. Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE! PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy. et., Manchester.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mil. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. /LONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply at VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

ONEY.—A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a 111 large Capital will make ADV ASCHS from £5 to £5OO to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen. Workingm en, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, slinply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you cannot get an advanc- from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respw2table application is ever refused.— Apply Mn. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sankey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompC attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges %hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua, anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and t will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN 613CURITY. NO BONDS RRQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Rep tyments Easy. Also LOANS granted on Life Assurance Policies, Re- versions, and Freehold and Leasehold Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office bouts 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO ETOSEPTI W ADSWORTH, District Agent, 119,MERERY-STRRET. WARRINGTON.

UNION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO. YIELD O2'FICE-38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, ac., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O „ Bs. „ £5O „ 2os. „ £ll.O 9O 40s. „ 26 156. £5OO „ £lO „ £lOOO „ £2O „ First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large ' uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l,OOO, to respectable persons, on t 13.3 Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties j Also on Deeds l Repayments. ~ Delay. I „ Life Polices 6d. in the 2 „ Law Costs. J lc. weekly,monthly „ Publicity. f or quarterly Capital can remain at Interest. This Office is a Bona-lide Private Concern. and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS raques'ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

pENEETH, COTTAGES, 23, Bd. per week. UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. MARKET GATE.-3-9torey WAREHOUSE £l5. Suit Plumber or Painter, &c.—Apply Mr. ROBERT Lowe, Estate Agent, Market Gate. 29 BUTTERMARKET-STEERT.—Large SHOP , and Yard; £55. DERCY-STREET : off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re 1. decorated ss. 6d. ss. and 4s 6d, TITHGOES-LANE Good Cottage 4s, 6d. PENICEIH.—To be Let, Vine House, with large garden, stabling, &e., £35; Brookside Cottage, large garden, conservatory, ao., £4o.—RonnaT LowE, Estate Agent, Warrington. Apply, ROBERt LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

A SHOP and HOUSE to be Let, 81. Liverpool-road.— ..L-1 Apply 1, THEWLIB-ST OR Liverpool-road, Warrington. • . MO BE—LET or SOLD, DALLANI-LANE FOUNDRY. WAHEINGION, as a going coneern,at present used for he manufacture of Fire Grates. Ranges, ao. Stock and patterns at valuation ; railwty siding in works.—Apply Mr. ROBERT Lowa. Estate Agent, Warrington, T. No. 55.

rpo LlM—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply AULT° 1 and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-at.. Warrington. FllO LRT.—Good HOUSB. 37, ItopwoodLetreet, 3 bedooo--ms I Apply ASHTON and Woons, solicitor, Horsemarket-it. Warrington.

QTOCKTON HEATll.—Houses composed of four bedrooms two sitting rooms, bath-roons, w.c., kitchen, cllar,,etc Rent £l9 10s. Also good bays at ss. per week.--Bosioex, Wlderspool, Warrington.

~.., EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC rins 1 SHOULD NOW BR ILL IN BED. EADE'lli PILLS. 107. Jubilee-terrace, Wolverham pi ou-road, EADE'S plus. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir—l write to thank you piLLs. for the very great amaun tcf benefit , EADE'S I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write. as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do sot, and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GOUT . I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall Use RIIBIjMATTS3I . ,i every l endeavourrnorwidely wide tc known.m a u k . your GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours fait hffi I ly, RIIIIIIMATI DI E. GUISST. "Mr. G. Bade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Rade, 72, Goswell-road, London. D.C.; ane Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.

• „ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE'WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. • DR. 14' 0X ' S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared onl by GEORGE RADE, 72, GOSWEL -ROAD ,LONDON. And sold everywhere Tins Is l each. Post free from the Proprietor son receipt of Stamps or eastal Order.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 9TH, and Two FOLLOWING DAYS, at THE MART, CORPORATION-ST., MANCHESTER, et 11 each day. AIR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION J. upwards of 1,000 Pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, and other LACE GOODS. Catalogues ready.

Telephone i No. ob. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, omen—Market Gate Chambers, AucTroxßoo2llB—No.l Bank Street tWarrington . AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Pidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS. Arc., 57, WHITECRAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) OR easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136.

THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUES. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND•ROAD CHAMFERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WAREINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

ZfrpritO, a.sstnettrs, Carriage, &•E NTi EW and Second-hand BICYCLES and TRICYLES ; 1.1 Ladies', Gentlemen's. Juveniles', cheap. Incubators and Rearers on hire-purchase; stamp reply..—RouotE, Hereford.

WAGGONETTE BRAKE carries 14. Useful CAB. Cee Spring Gig, Shandry, Farmers' Cart with Thrippers and quantity of Lurry and other wheels for saIe.—SPAN, Friars' Green. Warrington.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus . Vic torlas, Wagonettes, and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

W• P. & W. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, lIORSE7dARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. • CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are sole Agents for War- rington and District, they are light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for " West's " ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 281bs. weight, price £ll 105. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 ICs. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d. each. ~ MUD GUARDS from is. 25. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each, „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 40. eacl4. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. . • 'vv. P. & WI. SKELTON, LTD., HORSE MA K ET-STR EH T. WARRINGTON.

TO CONTRACTORS and OViERS.—TO LET a large aud convenient YARD and BUILDINOn, Stabliog for about 36 horses.—ApplN, Tanta HoLaßoox, 18, Fennel-st., Warrington.

FFIRE! FIRE It FIRE!! I—Genuine sale of extensive stock of PIANOS. ORGANS, ac., previoos to re-build- iug of premises, owing to the recent tire. Easiest terms arrAnged to effect a clearance.—T. PAYNE, 103, Approach- road, Cambridge Heath.

-- .VIOLIN FOR SALII, very fine Instrument. rich tone, V grand model of old mask. beautiful varnish, also splen- did ebonized case, bow, tutor, cbin rest, tuner, etc. ; price 255. for everything, worth £3; sent for inspection before payment, willingly.—FßAlSK HOLPH, 1, Bloomfontein-road, London. W.

SPBCIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS. ORGANS, AT J. PARRY S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear at any price. Several square pianos 5} octaves. from £1 6s. Full-Compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinsmead 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass I ron-trarne Cottage, by Rirkraan lB 0 Full-compass Iron-fr Ame Cottage, by Brard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ in oak case, cost £25 ......... About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several blgh-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Braid. Kickmsn, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson. Itud Ibach. Newmeyer.Weber.

FCR SALE Complete TURNOUT, would suit Lady and Children ; quietin saddle and harness. Good action ; price 235.—Apply WILLIAM llama 61, Tunnel-road, Edge- hill, Liverpool.

PIOTTY POLLY I Yes, the "Parrot Trick" has been worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest plan 1. to go to some large importer and purchise direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds, as each one Is an adrertisement. Remember his address rs- mains the same, while Ulf. swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the' Yorkshire Weekly Post." —WILLIam Cnoss, Liverpool, the Largest Imorter of Birds. Beast. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

OItE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURHD BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary fook free from 61, Turntnill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CORED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz , 2s. of all Chemists. lETHTHItINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDT'S FLUID WORKS, 61, Turnmill-street.London.H C.

THE RAPID WASHER SAVES TIME. S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR JOSEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, tWAILRINGTON. BOILER AND CRIMNRY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH. ExTHEavNeSsiecTired°l9'aPndß2El Hilton-;t. which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldham-Bt. MARVELLOUS OPPORTUNITY. MAGNIFICENT BARGAINS. • THE SALE AT GE SH 0 N'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM- STREET (next Bathe Adelphi Bank), MANCHESTER.

WANTED to HIRE for about three weeks during altera- tion, STEAM ENGINI3 about 40 ; tinder Typo Driven preferred ; steam provided from present boiler. Wanted about February. State where can be seen.—Address BLACKSTOCII-ST. SAWMILLS, Liverpool.

TWO 6in. THRUST SHAFTS, with pedestals and G.M. bearings, new ;by an eminent local firm. A number of Pressure (Janes, Fittings, and 12 Ton Lifting Shrews.— Apply T. HOSKING, 1, Thomas-st., Liverpool.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormierod *..7 (*Hereon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, haver the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAS- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CASA- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. _

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers, Engines. Steam Hammers, now ready. Apply. SCOTT 13a05., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect ,aving of from 15 to 25 per cent, gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

ENGINE.—Horizontal High-pressure Steam Engine. by Thomas Robinson and Son, Limited, Rochdale, 18in. bore cylinder, 36m. stroke ; 1 ft fly-wheel; 141 n. belt; two 4in. Pickering governors; 1001bs. boiler pressure ; good con- dition ; at liberty In about three months. Can be seen work- ing at BLACBSTOCK-ST. SAWMILLS, Liverpool. NO dealers need apply.

pATENT OFFICTe MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen. andiron manufactures. •• Self-help to the New Patent Law, Price 8d- " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price .1.4• GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

/ TUCK AND UO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER it PURE ASBESTOS ciooDs. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &C. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACITMEMBS• 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 36, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublhr. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 told diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all thelatest improvements. Full particulars on application.

4libltrattolls. A GOOD PLANS—The safest, best and quickest 11. way to make money by Stooks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post tree. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co,. Stockbrokers, 24, Queer' Victoria-at., London, B.C.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking n tuseous and mystellous prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but enly ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN We for lost strength, wasting weakness, Ito., from whatrver cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope r, receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEGS, 92-93. G' Russal-street, London, W.O

WINTER CLOTHING. SEE THE WINDOWS OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR ALL AGES. THE M.O D. OVERCOATS S. & D. B. °CHESTERFIEL FROMI6s. 6D. THE M.U.D. OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, 20s. EXTRA LO ,G FROM HE M.C.D. OVEICOOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK, WOOL LINED, 18s. 6D. AND DEEP CAPES FROM HE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SERGES, MELToNS, BEAVERS, FREZE, NAPS, AND HARRIS TWEEDS. IRE M.O.D. OVERCOATS IN ALL THE NEW SHADES OF COLOURS. iur 1.115 OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN. THE M•C.D• OVERCOATS FUR YOUTHS. Tit M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS READY MADE. 1. HE M.C.D. OVERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED, T HEM.C.D. FOR GOOD WINTER qUITS 1 'FROM GD. THE M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS. HE M.O.D. MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST COST. THE SUITS To mEAtURE. 28s. 6D, 335. ,6,..D. 395. 4as. TROUSERS, BS. 6D. 10s. 6D, 12s, 138. 6°. THE M.C.D. BLACK. SUITS TO MEASURE. 28S. Gø. 333. 6D, 395. 6D, 475. 6% TROUSERS, Bs. 6D, 10s. 6D, 12s. 61', 14s. 6n. THE M.C.D. HAVE EVERY KIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

, THE AVARRINGTON EXAMINER , li,wsEY STREET. , JOHN WALKER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF , LANCASHIRE lc CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER WHICH COMPRISE , THE Warrington 4- Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub 1 lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and Villages, and a large agricultural tract. ' T" i Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton, Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field. THE St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises the Wsiatre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Kix em, Ac. ' THE .Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon.l, It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and *Hers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Wicliws Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming in important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in *lithe above papers at one charge. Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting snore matter than the Columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the attea lion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examener, in ddition to giving the local Intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad e tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, } /._8 WORDS, 6D., ON SALES, And 3d. for each succ ceding 9 wo , One Three Six -.cords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is, 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 is, Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 33. ... 3s. id. ... ss. 1/.1. 54 is. 6cl. ... 3s. 8.1. ... 6s. Od. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise bent specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR -raavions TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale :- -ArharrmEyr s WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED ROUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices At may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss. 1 , THE "EXAMINER" SERIES Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises TRE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON "EX- AMINER," pubished every Friday afternoon. THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon, THE RUNCORN " EXAMINER" published every Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES "EXAMINER" published every Friday afternoon • PRINTING ! PRINTING ! ' I Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sal irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerto, ' Soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly, Building, an ' to-operative Societies; Csicket Club Rules, Time Sheets and , Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads ' Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, At. .; Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others Requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a 114. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WOE , PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. ' PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. , PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONES . ROGRAMMES OR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. IMOGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c. , ' pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE "LEVIATHAN" PLACARD Ingle Skeet, sft. 3ln. by 31t. 91n, e q TEE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining tuber of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. • MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR , MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST srrtmaNG MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Care f u and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth" are available to the public, at pricers which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They And it doesn't pay to hay • it—even at" the lowest tender." SPECIALITIES: rin CARD. FROM 23. PER 1,000. , THE NEW REGULATION POST ‘JARD. WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 1 000 . 1 • , JOHN WALKER AND CO., UNDERTAKE , PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, ' - PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, , PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, IiftINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKE I' CLUBS, ' PRINTING FOR BANKS, , PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, i PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, ' , PRINTING FOR ALL. RINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, , PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. ' PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, ~ , PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES , PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, , PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, TILE "EXAM IN E R " WORKS, 13Ewsrr STREET , BEWSEY STREET. WAIIRINGTON

POLISHING--A PLEASURE r. WILL NOT , STEPHENSON' FINGER MARK. FURNITUF k. CREAK , - , - rfryn-rfr ----- , Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildino, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per vENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Theift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted £. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK ERE KIIOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

- - - - - - - - - The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. eoNGREvE,s BALSAMIC ELIXIR This splendid medicine should be in every household. IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First Symp. toms of a Cold a good dose of the COUGHS()EjIivio, oBuAtLoSfAtTeCntyELIXIR will, in nineteen cases, carry it off before AND it becomes settled or merges intolnflu- BRONCHIAL enza. At the first suspicion of ENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also AFFECTIONS take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful Persevere with this medi- effects of this alarming disease. eine, and you can hardly Rev. F. E. HEAPE, of Derby, writes; "It always puts my lungs right, and lieved, and the bronchial fail to get the Cough re- drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May." symptons to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so For HOARSENESS it terrible, especially to the aged, is invaluable, and ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS—. SPLENDID CONGREVES BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. See the case of LADY G. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. MIL in Mr. Congreve's book). Also as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to Speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of 8000 r in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors In bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 45, , and family bottles at Ils. and 225.

: laiNs t 1 1 ( , _wools?) Immi.: 1., ( / it 4 ) \ 1 , -•.,-,;,r---,-.*, : 1 2-'-)" r'r ' '1,1',1 '- r- 7 •rr =' ' r - - ROWATT'S • LW/WON ' (PATENT) Hurricane Lantern, With Patent Winchruard lino& Most Perfect Out-Daor,Lamy m ide. DO NOT USE ANY OTHER. Beware of Imitations.

These tiny CAPSULES • are superior to Balsam itN Tqz S of Copaiba, Cubebs or S In, ections and cure in 48 hours the same diseases without 'neon- 4ss. Irenienee. 4/6 of all Che- ID I mists. Or post free. WILCOX & Co., . 239, OXFORD 3T., LONDON, W

1 CURE FITS And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus' Dance, &c., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but send 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT. M. C. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W.

UPTURE CURED Without ' Operation. s. j. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, sends hia new R ''''' Book of full information, post free, 7d. 64 ci9WRIPNE & 26 Knio sE"TEq ND MANCH

FOUND DEAD. pOISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thmsa,nds have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of rs ts ead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of ANFORD & SoNs, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Soldby Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for kWh' Moles on land.

••• .• , • ••• . • • •••.••••• • • .ff •,,,,,,,,,, 1,0 •1 • • SlietVEßlSPlar 24:14/4:i • • • • alik:l° . :• .2iLigs \.,1• ..41; •a um Ilaieto U On. Ntnn.Doo4 t', - Ill' 1 , • :Watutacut acm:lZ • Tof Ifeadada- '• ~,,A - .H .. i q3diau.bitea-djudborrubD.2B:Eri,.. t; __,l"-`,.... I:a-04 •coorvuottA, Yak.-o im vta 3044.- :'bad Ji/<5 &Az Glum ct;•.ls Roilitb!c R(7,.tyl. 31, •JultbiAtga.u,“. bow sk ,11-,* at- , ovia.ze-r. AI Bole Agents J. H. WESTON. CHEMIST. RUNCORN. a. tiTRINGFELLOW. BT. maims.

BREiKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

LADIES B.ES•T FRIEND, Muriel or Single Ladles should send at once for LADrs HANDY ' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. post free. sealed; twu stamps ; invaluable infor motion of never-failing remedies for all ILLusTnevan, Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate-or long-standing. The only effectual Gremedy that does not contain poisonous U IDE. ,or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the IFS-delicate. MA DAME A.B. LILLY, GOLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

TO WEAK AIEN suffering from the effects ot Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel. Pains in the Back, Diseases, A:c We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work ' should be read by every man whole nervous and debilitated, —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical /fall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the ease. Can be obtained direct.

Steam Engines, Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Writs for rsetatioss, stating &teals of requiremosts, E.S.HINDLEY,u,Quus Victoria St. , LONDON, H.C. or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

ONE BOX OF' CLARKES' B 41 PILLS i 8 war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gearanteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Dices COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY SON 9 London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fo? Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the s,.x. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists, sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stam [a by the nicker li. T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham. Beware if imitations,

• A MONTH. Salary or Commission. ACTIVE Men, at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- covery and keep our Show Cards and Advertising Matter distributed throughout town and country; steady employ- ment ; commission or salary £ro per month, and expenses up to los. 6d. per day; money deposited with bankers when started. ' For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

THE "FATAL" ifOTSELESH-01:1H. 30/. —lrl Mr"rtb einn• ree'd rslsZirt. n obtained from us. Worthies: lodtati mag 4 abroad. uarl•Trtlarlultdt4 tarn,. undo by petty dealer* tn Folkutone, eun 'apply st 173.61, altalc,gueof far-kiding sporting gnu and testimonials, together vitttll4 Of uor 600 Genuine second-hand lireechload put free. from CUFPLYZ: St Co. Far-Klllina Gun Mikan, Yelkoakona, CAUTIOL—No4bOr dna is Voikatonsaaks then =pi gams

UPTURE CURE D without ( S. J. BsHeLMN.; Bilooekronfi 110 Specialist, to. R -no. POST FREE, 64Chancery Lane, & 9a King Street, London. r'''‘# Manchester.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION A_ NTIDILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), a-e a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of Immours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, alto exess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar- curia's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRA.TEO CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE IPILE POWDER, AND PLCTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

, THE JOHN NOBLE Half-Guinea COSTUMES Three New Smart Designs, all one Price. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers In the world. _,.... Over x,OOO Well-Paid Workers employed in John Noble's own Fac- tories, under ithe strictest conditions of Sanitation and Cleanliness. lI- JOHN Noni.E, Ltd., are the Originators and Act- ual Manufacturers of the half-Guinea Costumes for v--#l4--, Ladies, and Strongly Caution the Public against the many ~:-., unscrupulous Imitations that have been made of the --,4 , .. p Money Value. ~,, present and other designs. Each Garment is guaranteed scientifically cut, :,,' S' beautifully finished, and absolutely with- ,--' . out an equal in the World for Stylish ? -,,,1,.., Appearance, Durability, and Actual • ot Two Gold Medals Awarded. ';':-----.'"- !- --;.'l, These Costumes are made from the John Noble Cheviot ?"...."--- % 4. Serge in three designs as follows : 0 .-0..-.'" :::--- Model 374, as illustration.-Exceedingly smart mode, wide Godet skirt with belt, also very neat bodice with saddle back, full front - - , - - 4 and broad box pleat down centre, trimmed bold silk cord and three large ~,,,--, buttons; collar and cuffs finished silk cord; saddle and sleeves lined. „...--1-,------..,:---,.....- -...." ,---,- Model 3.m—improved tailor-made Norfolk mode full wide plain ,: 07_,--:.---=.--:- Godet Skirt, and skilfully cut bodice with three perfect box pleats " „;;;--f- --_, =".' back and front and detachable belt; saddle and sleeves lined. ',- _ -=_---'"-_.,---_,-.:*-,5. ' - -.:.---,--_,==.:". Model 376.—Consisting of New Godet Skirt, trimmed round hem'''---- ------- with bold silk cord; also smart bodice with pointed saddle back, trimmed cuffs, collar and saddle to match skirt. ' . Each Costume supplied complete for iOl6, packed in box and sent carriage paid for gd. extra. When ordering, please be careful to state Model No. of Design required. Sizes in Stock fit any figure up to 38 ins, round bust under arms; larger sizes, 116 .10' . "I.' • extra. # oeg,x,' ,- • Shirt only of any of above Costumes supplied for sf 6, carriage 61. extra. linr ' -1 'THE JOHN NOBLE 1,4*&1;; KNOCKABOUT FROCKS FOR GIRLS '' '1 , ' Sale. Every plvdeirsrit,tracbclnhtehmoroosutg,thormarvellousoughly well l m avdael Le exerjt?oft%end gimoPaic FROM Cheviot Serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, and pocket, I ' and allows plenty of freedom for the limbs. Please consider thesell6 . . f • prices:— 4 ' , ' ( . 0 at Lengths as 24 27 30 33 34 39 42 45 inches. Postage 4,4 d. Prices 116 21- 216 3/- 36 4/- 4/6 31- 516 each. extra. Every purchaser 1. 1 s. :, delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in F., ,;. front. I'. COLOURS: Any of the above garments can be supplied in Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Bronze. Green, Electric Blue, Ruby, Dark Cinnamon, - ' Fawn, or Grey. The JOHN NOIRE CHEVIOT SERGE Ininewnitlicahrethme a,taiebovise offar-a , ...,. t. garbesriscrx,xeftiwgctx world-wide acnad. durability, pitutfeoarsulr6ingeso2loitnir% wide.l The full 7/9 "THE BOOK OF THE SERGE," also PATTERNS and FASHIJN. SHEETSaosfaot7ee up-to.clate Costumes, &c., sent Post Free on application. Please mention this paper when ordering. JOHN NOBLE Ltd., The Warehouse, MANCHESTER.

_ i 1 OFOR T E ,To P iptive Prospectus at / .ee on application mi Music." Office, n. , an: •r und .' 5a ,London. B.C. 0.: , N, '• . 'a -........--- , ..... , ' I -4--L ,--"' i t."-'!','' os ' ' ip, 111441 i i . --------_ , t._ •.0 ..- ...- --L.-- i„ 1 , Jllllllll STARTLING - . 0 - ...........,_ 1-7.7.-1 3 I rr lir 0 . ", 33 -111 s \' ' . Atl . fib t ..1i- i :-----tA it i -33 / i 0-,-, ) ..._c- INCREDIBLE! - ~. ,4 0 y ,ZI -: ~ )1;1 --, A sigendid ' ' I .....1. _'.46 ...4. ,—.,.-.--_-=.:7- Watch in well-finished cases, of a specially -.y.,:gg,,.•.---,z-___._ - ' ~---__T.- prepared metal, exactly resembling Real .: 1 4._ ---,----' Silver. Goes to the fifth of a second. For. "=---- warded with key and full printed instructions, safe and free this month on receipt of 10/6. If not approved full II ' amount will be refunded. A Handsome Albert Chain enclosed free. TRAVELTHE WORLD to discover such value. H. SAMUEL'S ---s'l,'S, "RENOWNED ACME" WATCH. Highly-finished, jewelled ' three-quarter plate movement. Balance mathematically adjusted; )1(1*,..' I i..:: ) , accurately fitted protective dust-excluding cap. Stop Check to pre. ( p + -',; e, , vent overwinding. Strong.SOlid Sterling Silver Cases (stamped), 7 1.,,,.a...t. I of extra weight. Lady's, richly engraved, and dial elegantly tinted ......_7l or plain. Forwarded free by lost, registered, with key, full mstruc- , \ ' \ I tint, andjiveyears' warranty. Worth 3 guineas. Fl. SAMUEL'S / - PRICE 25/-. A Handsome Free Prize included. Magnificent '",""-., ,s C) \ (..• 1 and Perfect ! IL SAsturt's WORLD-FAMED ENCLISH ri-,.., ' EVER; JEWELLED; Chronometer Balance. H. SAMUEL'S `, ..''' . ••••"••• "IMPREGNABLE" damp and dust-proof cap Timed to a second. t - /' `r, 1 Massive Solid Silver cases, Hall-marked. Crystal Glass. WAR- -' , ' ' 4 , 4 ‘v.. \ , RANTED FOR 6 YEARS. Worth 5 guineas. H. Samuel's Price 'I \ ' ?kli 1, i 4212 6. A month's free trial allowed. Full amount returned if ' , .1 ',' t ' i 6 dissatisfied. Largest Sale in the world. A SPLENDID FREE •4, i \ k BONUS GIFT with each Watch, as descri 1 bed, on a separate sheet, I' t A . \ enclosed with H. SAMUEL'S beautifully Illustrated Cats; j \ , „t.. logue of MARVELLOUS REDUCTIONS. Newest •. 1. • ; , . \ ~ A reet.74 Designs, .tartling Testimonials. Nearly 1500 \ . 1 artisticengravings. Real Gold Brooches, a 6 ; Real M. 0% Chk , ..- Gold Scaripins, 1,6; Watches, T.. ; Albert "1 il *"."---- • Cutlery t . Chains, 1/.; Cutle and Plate in (aurasteed '' Ap, ,' '.• ." . 1 eri ...."- 2,t, . quality. This valuable book sent free by next i'' (-4. ~ , , P I A„- •, post. motions. Do Sen n't waste i or the i elmoney on worthless , •r. si, ,f, ,4, • ~,), d drect to H. SAMUEL f '• , $ , 4/ f ' , 't t BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD, and en- 0'i,,,, %., • -.:. . - 4 i. • , , Close this announcement from the WARRINGTON "EXAMINER." ‘Alley 1 l'i ~: ti. SAMUEL, 'Largest Plignsh ,E. , A ,-4-', ManufActurer, 97, 99, 101, 89, & 12i, 'V ./ Market St., MANCHESTER. °, ' ' ' ...* •0 r. ...4:. . '''' -- '4'i4.l' '''''r• .01[..;;0? , '''''-----, ~- _.., +444,,,,,p,,,,, ~, , ._,... - < c.-,-- -7-,_ ~.-, ~,, -niE SOAP FOR HARD WATER.

_ - 0 s - _ _ _ _ AI; 4 g - SE " - A t, I 1„..„ 75)131S - t- _ - -

THE SOAP FOR SOFT INATER., '

-THE SOAP FOR SOAP FOR HOT WATER. COLD WATER. For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be cent carriace paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 12oz. 9' 99 2;41. „ 3fd. „

GOOD FikiiTLY MEDICINE CIIEST3 WITH a prudent use, has save I many a ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. CocKLos FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. p Ls. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

0 1 • , --- :•••••.- :-.-'7-'-x'-...42' -0--v. •-sr.-)''13.7'.. MB ROCATION. , - ••.7 ::. • -..(,...... .. ~.....1.1. t:_,. _ ininlc it k A,2:: ' ' .:1,41/i *t\•••• • \‘' ----- i-r I'll, \ ::Th 4L... vercy usefbl "'; I.Y ' - ". ''\ • -:-.7-:17-' "'7) \ ,N•• ?-; 0,::i.;,..- W. , ? ! • .., 1,., ..-2-4._ 1 , 4! .) 1-Fi...... 4,,11„ lit.EH. Belvoir. • ? ) . Zilric, ~,;:-.4' ' :,‘‘' ,ifl'.o •••., ...:14,,,,,:' •-,1:-,;:,..: ...‘. A ... ..,-;?, "N A- ' ' •i • ..''-''' . * 'I. ..-^-.-'; • L,7 - " .-- .. •.,,,„, ._, • . , -,--- , f..,-."--- • --- '' ` ---" ...• . „,,.,,„,_„ . : ...„ _ _ _ ........ _ . . . ______. ......_„._ :;-.. • Z., * * .•-•----;:4 .-. ). 4.:1 - :,. .. , -,:_=--•.-r" . re? BO MCA 1•_ . - SLOU 4....),.:"`_.,L-''; . „ -.' .. .---_,. , . . •;,..j, * :'''—'^- . ..., Cs, al FOR I ENGLAND. 1 4 ..gFRAINORI-lEJTJNI-ATIM..CUTB.BRIJI)SES7

PURE IRISH LINEN. ' IRISH LINEN IRISARZTRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fuUy embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. TRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 8/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH IRISH LINEN NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11. per yd. SURPLICE IRISH MEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LIN ENSFOR SUMMER AND . EVENING WEAR. IRISH INEN IRISHTWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, I and Style. Please say if for Ladies or (rents Wear. IRISH INEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. Rs. HUTTON 41 CO., LARNE3 IRELAND.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, !ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORZ THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &O. The Ointment is a sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES,' SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YHAB. CHRISTMAS AND N WYEARS'CARDS. Great Variety and a beauttful selection, Christmas decorations and a large qnantity of Goods Suitable for Chrifft- mas presents to be had at T. Cranxas "Examiner " Office a Market-street, Eariestown, .A-Cordial reception Will be givens to old and New Customers.

R FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. T"TH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each. atient informed beforehand the cost fot work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendant., T EETa. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARICINSO (DENTIST BY EXISL) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CITURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on Tt.l ESDAYS, at Mo. 1.1301°' WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sergar7"6T. , RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-8Z :NOR'THWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMABICBT-ST• • ' ; • ---

_ L ADIES I A WORD WITH YOU P e LEASE. ois GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS, composed onfee pee- Pennyroyal, by a Secret Process known only to t •,:ffet. it3r, have never failed in producing the desired ',Ai:Let Owing to the great demand, the public are cautioned some spurtous imitations. These Pills are invaltlo.l..ei:o6, Femlles who may suffer from any Irregulirities, Pf“°.t, Weakness Anemia. Loss of Appetite. Lowness of Spiry, 0 Price per Box. 25.91. and 48.63. I firverpeel• pointed Mr. J. WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pltt-st e .',..7 on Other Sole Agentfor Great Britain and the Colonies r genuine. : ' a.

DEATHS. Weston, of le, Net and MEMORIAM. THOMAS WESTON, dearly beloved son of Thom? Unlon-str s B''rair Runcorn, who died DeCera" 7th, 1894, aced 18 years. "We loved him, oh, no tongue can tell. We loved him dearly, oh how well; God loved him too, and thought it be't To take him home In heaven to rest."

- - E6TAHLISHED 1858. , .. FA. AIIICLAND, SRNR., MONUMENAL MASON, AND SCULPTOR. LEGH-STRENT AND 18). MANCHNSTER-ROAD. . (Near Cemetery entrance). WWAR!?IIittPON. Stone worked by steam power. Designs and e3tima free. Monuments, Headstone?, tes sent Tbecheapest firm in town for porcelain and Ch iaa Mir ea' Cr . oss..s, Anchors, Harps, Ac.. to imitate natural flover to s: Also Globes and Shades match. All kinds of latering and gild!Crosses; Ac.,-always in stools. gilding executed on the shortestft ice warrington.—Printed and .Published bY JOHN WlT'llign tree' I The Examiner General Printing Woria. and Published also at The :examiner Offices, Victoria-vol. St . . locruir ~. s ; High-Ltreet RUNCORN '32, George-street,. • Helen, ~,,,i AA ; --- --, hIR,Aet-street, RARLESTOWN.-DSCEUSVP 7 1898, Bmvsey-st.s.-1
