===== 0002601_18950907_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
No. ..;----R-EGISTERIM FOR TRANSm ISS ON ABROAD,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MAO

===== 0002601_18950907_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
grontrarts.

us 4X UNION. EXTENSION OF THE •.(5 ._ V,Uor, WORK tIOUnE, DUTTON. or lAA'S invite TEhilnififi for the extension of ana putton. (1 ecifl.ations snd Form of Tender 'may be seen,and iesoesCantities obtained at the office of Mr. Samuel Ruj,3.,.•4-, Devonshire Buildings,liunc rn. on payment Which will be rK turned on receipt of a bona- 'eV der. Tena s b to be-i-fra endorsed '• Tender for Workhouse ICtten- fj;,?Ntsy,;_livered at my office not later than five o'clock Q, 16th instant. "est o,..ardians do not bind themselves to accept the 443' Tender.

sz)p. qte,nber, 1895. UNION.—CONTRACTS FOR PROVI- ARO SUPPLIES for the , HALF-YEAR LJZfrot QuAil/1,,,C/1 nth, 1896. 4111144 arb-a:::4OIANS of the POOR of the RUNCORN t ail, to c us of receiviur TENDERS from parties bOb Clunr,'UTitACT for the supply of FLOUR, OAT- VIIIh,44I\r- itt,-‘4IRIES PEAS. CHEESE. SALT BUTTER NI • 'II II PARAFFIN OIL Q UININE ; GOOD t1,11,41s toj,;l4,siet, of vein and brisket pieces, and the price to •••••ktirfleers‘, s°Lbs. per week of the Best Butcher's Meat tor ,N,i.c.ff • 14,7nd Sides of Mutton ; BREAD; HOME CURED `II.4I:I,ra.TOES ; WHEAT STRAW ; DRAPERY ; and . Women's, Bay's and Girl's SHOES. of Per ' samples to be seen at the Workhouse. :,.tee Mending; HOUSE COAL (Colliery to be 'l3 DEAL COFFINS, specifying size, and in- tb-43e 14it0 name age, and date of death, to be de- , a' Union when and where required; COKE, Per mile, Funerals at per Funeral, dering for the supply of the above-mentioned required to deliver the same at the Workhouse, the e Guardians, how and when required. ' accompanied with samples (except Drapery ___ae Practicable. The Guardians do not bind '`-"erPt the Lowest or any Tender. Us of tendering, must apply by letter to my I. for a printed Norm of Tender (and none iertairied), where a Schedule of the varioUs „" and further particulars may be obtained. 'PI addressed to the Guardians, to be for- ' Qieries Office. Runcorn, on or before Saturday, lePt ember, 1895, endorse t " Tender for" 4rt's t,l he opened and considered at a Meeting of Betob be held in the Board-room, Dutton, on the bee 1895, at 12.30 p.m. Contr.., tenders are accepted must enter Into a ;74, and be prepared to enter into a Bond with required by the Guardians. Order of the Board, JO tiN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians.

By Order, JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians.

1)41°4 -IN ;Ittp: kizei Ate ' ,in

>;(11

T,enaeril

ta!l

SePtember, 1895.

Vublitationfic.

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL.

(Late Nag's Head),

W ARRINGTON.

RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCii WEPPS, BASS', GUINNES', AND T. JAMESON'S. FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND STABLING. CYcLisT AND PIG-NIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOR,

S. STIRRUP,

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shefliel,l and Electra Plate, Antiques, DentalGoln, &a. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is napossible. Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS., TESTI MORTALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most Pt ERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no SI, e bas it ever failed—even in the most longstanding, nitr''''te, and lingering cases. Post free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure be. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. K MACKENZIE. Trafford Home, 53. Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

i`Ttil itZ:ll,el:'4,,, T,°l eo ill ba r 4 od at tht°°q%)°/ttla to be" 7 lib,attp. fat , 44. ' tar, ulit,r, toaa r La ar,te; , d„to tht'llNtZtnder 1,,i ; .1 '" Til:T 31,1 e i Ott44rtlit,` 'N,I. of tt,h'es 1 , 0 ki• et , 4,4, 40r, , . . bth

===== 0002601_18950907_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPRIETOR.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Obtliptng p.otires.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. GERMANIC Wed.. Sept. 11. I *TUSTONIC Wed., Sept. 17. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to INMAY, IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.C.. and Icy. Water-street, Liverpool.

&bipping potitto.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

A D .E LAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

WIIY DO MEN SUFFER from Weakness, Despondency, Nervousness, Nervous Debility, Loss of strength, Youthful Imprudence, Lost Manhood, &c., when they can write to a friend (who has given the matter a life- long study) and be cured? Simple self-treatment.—Bnclose stamped envelope to W. H. BROWN, Esq., 14 Chesham load, Brighton, who will seu.d sufferers prescription free. (Name this paper.)

-

.140\ '"**.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICH ONB FUNNY

Bionen.

GOOD NEWS POR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms ef Irreplarities, no matter how caused or how long standing. The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what- ever.

MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed, Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this raper.

By porr { Is. 7ird per Quarter, N. 64. per &flume. Is. 94. per Quarter *matt.

CAPITAL

CLOTH ING

LABOUR

STORES,

124. BRIDGE-STREET

WARRINCIIVA%

IGH-CLASSkTAILORING

===== 0002601_18950907_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
AT POPULAR PRICES.

QUALITY,:STYLE AND FIT

GUARANTRED.

SUITSqq :TO MEASURE FROM tit,/

^ RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMBS'S-STREBT, [WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORK, AC.. Always on hand. from 50. to Bd. pr lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY AT lENDED TO, and delivered when required.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
da."0,11.' :::;11116.

GRAY AND DAVISON,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ORGAN . BUILDERS.

(ESTABLISHED 1751). LONDON, LiVERPDOL AND CHESTER.

Builders or Organs in St. George's Chapel Royal Wind or, Leeds Town Hall, Bolton Town Hall. For' smoutd Town Hail, Crystal Palace, and upwards of 11,000 repre- sentative orKans in all parts of the world. LIVERPOOL BRANCH :30, UPPER STANHOPE-STREET.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
03 uratton.

ALTRINCHANI HIGIT SCHOOL—Boarders re- ceived. Fees moderate. Prospectus at request.

SCROOL for GIRLS, 36, Monkgate, York. Principals Misses Camidge ; terms moderate ; pupils prepared for all boil examinations.

ODERN SCHOOL, ECCL S.—Re-npens Septemft .111. ber 2nd. For terms apply at school. Boarders reeelved.—A. A. B. GoonaLL, M.A.

'S Terms m SCHOOLoderat re-opens MkAugust N 261.021 ,eMonday,9 einuesitieit PAIXIATE LANE, Warringt.oo.

TAINTREE HOUSE, AUDLEM, Ca ',SHIRE,— Thorough ethic ition for girls; home comforts ; moder- ate terms. Next term taF gins September 17th.

REECE HOUSE SCHOOL for 01.11.145, HEATON LI CHAPEL, near MANCHESTER —Governess-Student required at once. Vacancies for Boarders.—Miss MELLOR.

'THE MISSES RIMAIER, 23, WILSON ,PATTEN A_ STREET, Warrington. Term will commence (D.V.) Septemoer 17th. Pees, Testimonials, Lists of Passes, &c., on application.

HOLLY BANK SCHOOL, Tetlow-lane. Cheat- ham Hill, Manchester.—A Sound COMMERCIAL EDUCATION, with Comfortable Home for Boarders.—For prospectuses, apply to the Principal, Mr. J. H. SIMPSON.

HEALTH RESJIIT —llniversiti man of great experience in Education, about to remove to larger premises, will receive two or three aiditional bosrders at twe thirds the usual fees. For prospectus, address "Doctor," Examiner Office, Wsrrington.

PREPARATORY SCHOOL, BATH. —The removal of the elder pupils, who have distinguish d themselves at two public examinations this year. leaves vacancies at the convent tor young gentlemen from 4 to twelve years of age. Particulars, Rev. MOTHER, the Convent, Bat'.

111ALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- IIL cate and backward boys. Healthiest place in Hngland. No Medical visit last ten years. Admission any time. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AUSTIN.

MR. J. J. LYTEIGOE, LICENTIATE L.C.Ni Organist and Choirmaster St. Paul's Church. TEACHER of PIANOFORTE, ORGAN. and THEORY. Candioates prepared for Musical Examinations. Many past Successes. 7, WINMARLEIGH-STREET. WARRINGTON.

APPOINTMENTS UNDER GOVERNMENT._ Ma! s (14-30); Females(ls-20) ; Preparation by corres- pondenceand oral classes. Most successful system. Recent successes, First place May Excise and 19 passes; first place female clerkships and 4 passes, 35 boy clerkships Sic. and pros- pectus free. G. B. SKERRY, 67 Chancery-lane, London. C. S. Competitor Id. weekly.

f'IIi,I4:SCENT COLLEGE, YONK.—High - class Modern School for Girls; educition thorough. Fees very moderate Delicate girls especially cared for. Health and comfort studied in all the domestic arrangements. Pupils prepared for the Cambtldge Locals, Trini,y college. and College of Preaaptors, in the ordmary Echoul outline. Principal—Miss C.A. MILLER.

THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. -

TWELVE KING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tuit on fees. Four v luabis ICxhibitions (260) to the niversities. Boarding tee from £36 to £44 per annum, according to age. Dty fees £S, £l2 £l6 per annum. Fult prospe tus from the Pev. the 1-1 i‘ AD MASTER. NhXT TEEM BEGINS SEPill MEER ISIm, 1895.

QTORRS HALL, INGI.ETON, YORKS. —This Establishment is beautifully situated in a bracing and healthy locality. The arraimements of the housc afford every convenience that can c intributo to he dth, cwrtfo .t, and instriiction. Nigh-class }tine ttion with individual care. Excellent results at examinations, as testithid by the numer- ous certificates gained every year. Resident English and Foreign Governesses, also Visiting Protessors. Ptincipals—The Misses BSONN. Next Term. Sept. 19th.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.

HEAD MASTER : Mr. Z. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus. &a., on applioation.

1 WA RRIN G TON /7 RA Al MAR The next TERM will begin on lIINSDAY SEPTUM/IR 17th. FEES :—SENIOR DIVISION £1.2 pe • annum, JUNIOR DIN ISIrON ES per annum. PREPARATORY POEM for boys from eight to twelve ye :rs of age. PEE : --E6 per annum. For further particulars apply to the HEAD "TASTER.

COWLEY SCHOOLS, Sr.HELENS. New Buildings, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £15..) per annum. hEADMA',TIsIi : E. J. SIMPSON. M.A., form Hy Foundation Scholar and Prizeman Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS MISS FIFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TB, 1895. Fees £6 to £8 per a num. Since the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates have been ga ned by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Hxaminations man" of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred .n he advaoced stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and tfonours lists of the Lonclon University Kxatrinatio i by several pupils direct from the 1,2h001s et winch special cla.ses are held, (free) for pu its preparing tor these examinations. Cambridge Loe.ls Ceri ifioates. College ot Preceptors Dec 1894. Fifty Certificates. SheitliTAHY : T. BLUM'S, Esq , Solicitor.

GuY'S HOSPITAL .4 EDICAL SCHOOL.—The WETTER stlssMN will tegin on TUBSDAL OCI'OBER leT. Ent ance Scbolarshipa of the combined value of £363 me awarded a nually. and numerous prizes and medals are open for competition by students of the School.

numb,r of patients treated in the wards during last year was 5 903.

All ll..spital appointments ere open to students without charge. .nd the ho ders or resident appointments are pro. vi,itAit with board an I lodging. The College aoardnmodatas E 0 students, under the super- Vihi,ll of a r4shient warden.

The DentslSchooi provides the full curriculum require& for the L.D.B:..it!,g ,

TheC übe A.,hletio Ground is eaily acCessible. A II .0 -.book o. inforbstion tor those about to enter the medial pr fes ion will be forwsr led on apyliontion. I- or th, prospectus of .he 6chqol, contsining full particu- lars as to fees, course 01 study advisA, regulations of the „ apply. perso.lally or by letter, to the DEAN, Huy 'a Hospital, L0....10n-bridg, u.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

-- ALL is fair in love and War ; in other words, all Is fair before and after marriage. ORGANISED charity is a sort of condensed milk V human kindness. THAT 9 ALL.—Beggar: "Sind gentleman, I beg your pardon--° Gent (promptly) : "Granted. I thought you were begging for money." A BOY swallowed a revolver cartridge one day last week, and his mother doesn't dare to whip ftim for fear he'll go off. WHEN. a man says," Of course it's no business of inine," it is a sure sign that he is going to do the best he can to make it his business. CracmisTaNcEs are such that many a man cares for relatives for whom he really cares nothing. BINKS (reading) : " Women can endure pain better than men.' Mr. Binks : Who says that—a doctor or a shoemaker ?" "WHEN she jilted you did you declare to her that you could never love another?' "Oh, yes. I didn't forget my manners entirely." THE pessimist is a person whose mind is divided between the belief that things are as bad as they can be, and the expectation that they will be worse. TIIERE is nothing poetical about money. Dis- tant prospects of it lend no enchantment to the view. THERE is a great deal to be had in this world by a:al.:Mg yourself disagreeable, if you do it judici- ously. A PROPHET never forgets his predictions if they come true; and if they don't his friends won t let him forget them. IN the first transports of delight, the 'happy father rushed into the room, exclaiming: "I've got a son! It's a boy !" HE is a mighty meek man that can patiently hold the baby while his wife puts in a couple of hours at the piano learning the latest lullaby. CLIENT: "What makes you so certain that you will be able to upset the will?" Lawyer (in a whisper) : "I drew it." THE man who should invent a machine so that people could put a penny in the slot and pick out a name for the baby would surely make a fortune —it would take so many to get a name to suit. "I CAN'T pay this bill, doctor. It's exorbitant. I'm no better than I was, either." "That's because you didn't take my advice." " Ah—well —of course, if I didn't take it I don't owe you for it. Thanks. Good morning."

Do you know him?" asked a gentleman of an Irish friend the other day, in speaking of a third person. "Know him!" said the Irishman, "I knew him when his father was a little boy!" "UNCLE: "What have you learned at school to-day, Bobby: "Just how to take the back off my history and fix a real good Indian story into it, so the teacher can't find out that I ain't studying." Lotman up suddenly, she beheld the bearded face of a man with a gleaming knife between his teeth. Then she fainted. It was no wonder, for she had been carefully reared, and had never seen any one eat in that manner before. HcreELEss.—" I have lost my ascendancy over my husband completely." " Has he ceased to love you?" "Oh, no; but I can't scare him with my hysterics any more." FIRST MAN: "Why did you ask Blibbs just now to lend you five bob? You had plenty of money this morning." Second Man: "I have plenty now; but I knew Blibbs was going to ask me for some." You never know how dear things are until you buy them, nor how cheap they are until you sell them. IN the Wild West a man killed his wife an axe. The reporter's headlines announced "Being married first and axed afterwards." A BOY in one of our public schools having been told that a reptile "is an animal that creeps," being asked the name of one, promptly replied, "A baby.' SOMEONE asked an old lady about a sermon. "Could you remember it?" "Remember it? La, no; the minister couldn't remember it himself. He had to have it written down!" "ENGLISHMEN owe a good deal to the tailor," says a journal of the tailoring trade. Quite so; and there •s no dosbt that the tailor would be very much pleased to collect it if he could. THE man who never knows when he ii beaten would be perfectly happy if he could get rid of the suspicion that other people msy he better informed. DIDN LIKE Doos.—Visitor : "Does your dog know any tricks ? " Boy : "Lots of 'em." " I should like to see some of them. Can you make him lie down- and pretend to be dead ? ' "Easy. Down, Towser—down ! Now he dead! There! ' "Fine—very line ! Piease keep him that way •until I leave." MRS. M'Swarran : "My dear, a tramp came here to-d.y and stole some of my freshly-made bis- cuits." 31' Swatter (getting his revolver) "Where is he, and I'll put him out of his agony? " HER REASONS. —old. lady sail she was so glad she did not like spinach, because if she did she would eat it, and as she detested it that would be very unpleasant. "I LIKE you very much, Charlie, but I couldn't marry you. I don't think we could live happily together." "But, my dear Maude, reflect. After we were married I wouldn't be home very mach." BERTIE : "You say he called you a donkey! What did you do?" Fred : "Nothing." Bertie "'Nell, if a man called me a donkey I'd kick him with both feet." Fred: "Just so. Any donkey would do that I" "WHY are you changing cooks for this time ?' "The stupid creature never breaks a dish, and I'm driven crazy reading special china sales and not having anything to replace." THE OTHE R. WAY ROUND. —M rs. Soursprite "When I gave you that solemn warning against marrying, I said that some day you would regret it. That time will come." Mrs. 'Sawed : "The time has come." Mrs. Soursprite (gleefully) : "I thought so! Then you regret your marriage?" Dirs. Nuwed : 40h, no ! I regret the warning you gave me. It kept me from marrying for nearly a year.' A TOPICAL MISTAKE. —" Jennie," said Mr. Younghusband, "each of these clothes-bags has got holes in the bottom of " What clothes- bags ? We havn't any clothes-bags." "Why, what's this I've been putting my collars and cuffs in all this week ? " " Why, George I That's the sleeve of my ball dress !" A SILVER lining in your pocket is more encourag. lug than one in the coeds. CONTENT Col23iStB largely in not ranting some- thing that is out of your reach. CONCLUSIVE. —Lam ra "While Jack was calling the other eveoing he made the statement that he would kiss me or die in the attempt." Belle : • " Yes ?" After a pause.) " Well, did he kiss you?' Laura: "You haven't read any account of Jack's death in the papers, have you ?" STRUGGLINO ERCHANT : "If you don't attend to business better, I'll led rice your income by one- half." Chief Clerk : " Eli? Only yesterday you said you thought of taking me into partnership." Struggling Merchant : "That's what I mean." HIS ONE FAILING.—" Oh, I was so glad to hear of your marriage I" said the friend who had not seen her for years. "I do hope you got a nice man with no bad habits." " tie has only one," said the youngest woman. "The mother habit." "The mother habit?" " Yes. Mother's coffee, mother's pies, and all that sort of thing. I don't believe I can ever break him cf it, either." EQUAL TO ALL OCCASIONS. First Tramp: "That farmer dim,/ us 01. Let's burn down his barn." Second l'rarnii "All right. Got any matches ?" "No." " Well, th' farmer is over on the other side u' tit' house. Go ask him for a couple." Young Mr. Fitts: " What are you smiling at, dear?" Mrs. Fitts: "1 as.. just thinking how you used to sit and hold my hand for an hour at a time before we were married. How silly you were!" Mr. Fitts : "I wasn't silly at all. I held yosr hand to keep yoti,away from the piano." Two sportsmen had argued about their respective merits as fishermen, and the upshot of the argu- ment was that they arranged to have a fishing match for ten shillings a side. Repairing to a likely stream at a given sienal the men commenced to fish. Suddenly one of them fancied he had a bite, and, being over-anxious, lie had the misfortune to fall into the river. On his regaining the shore his rival shouted—" All bets off, Jim; none o ver divin' in after

DON'T BB DACBII/c,D.—Don't think the hair can be pre se val wittnnt proper nourishment, ; all Lair specishsts pively as,ert ;hat purl ; rease is absolutely eesary la- Abe arekervAlon of the hair and ROW LAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt th • best. It nourishes the hair. pre• vents It f tlng off or tinning grey, • eradi• ate, scurf, and .arreds baldness. Also In a golden colour tor fair hair • Bottles 3s. 61., L., 10s. 61. now LklCU'e MkCASSat OIL.—preserve the hair. Row!, SND. S ACASS Olt.,—Prevents baldness. ROWLAND's MaCASS tH Om—Prevents scurf. IL, VIAND'S MACASeAft OIL —Beautifies the hair. Ask yw her, for RoWLskna'S MACA.BBA.B. OIL, of 20, Hatton ()Arden, and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

JOTTINGS.

SHE (on her voyage) : "What is that place down there?" He: "Why, that is the steerage." She: "And does it take all those people to make the boat go straight?" PEYSER : "I hear it's fashionable now to wear overcoats longer than formerly." Cakesy : "If that's the case, I'll be able to get another winter out of mine." IF a woman would look first in the place where she knows she didn't put a thing, instead of the place where she thinks she did, she would save lots of time. PROVED.—She: "I don't believe you think half so much of me as Tom Dinsley does. He tells me he could die for me." Ho: That's nothing. I love you well enough to live with you." HIS DESIRE.—HoteI Clerk: "We can give you all the home comforts here." Uncle Abner (from Squeehawke): "Mister, I want more'n that when I come to a hotel. I kin git home comforts at hum." JOHNNY'S SUGGF,STION.—Mother : "I just have to drive Ethel to the piano, and even then she won't half practice." Little Johnny (who thinks he knows something about girls) : "Why don't you try driving her away from it ? " No SUP.ER Siete—First Doctor: "How did you diagnose this case?" Second Doctor: "I think this is a case of confirmed melancholia." First Doctor: "What particular symptom has led you to this conclusion?" Second Doctor: "The patient has lately taking to writing jokes." SHE trembled with rage. "Insult—insult !" he moaned; "and yet I cannot raise a hand, unless "—a ray of hope appeared—"someone will come along and unhook my waist in the back." CROMmER : "Carson always goes out between the acts of the theatre." Gilleland : "I think it would be better to express yourself differently. It is nearer the truth to say that he comes in between drinks." MIGHT HURT BUSlNESS.—Stranger: "Why don't your city officials supply you with better water?" Resident (apologetically) : "Well, you see most of them sell beer." AN AWKWARD JUG. —Lady : "You don't mean to tell me, Mary, that my new crystal milk-jug is bro--- !" Mary: "Yes, 'm; it's the orkerdist jug a hever I see. It jest took an' tumbled right off its 'andle ! which it's left its 'andle in my 'and, 'm." A DELICATE QUESTION. —Father : "I do not require that the man who marries my daughter shall be rich. All that I ask is that he be able to keep out of debt." Suitor: "Would you con- eider a man in debt who borrows money from his father-in-law?" AN Aer OF PROVIDENCE.—UncIe Pete (entering with something under his coat): "What wud you say, A'nt Dinah, ef de good Lawd wuz teh send us some'n mighty pow'ful good fo' suppah." Aunt Dinah: "I shad say dat was a miracle." Uncle Pete (producing a pair of chickens): " Dat's right, a'nty ; doe's just what it wuz, a miracle. Nothin' short ob a miracle wud have made de colonel fo'git teh lock de hennery do'." MANAGER (examining candidate for district mes- senger) : "Can you read ? " Boy "In course I kin read." Manager. "Then we don't want you. We're paying all the boys to read Dare-Devil Dan' stories that we can afford to." A PERTINENT INQUIRY.—"I come from the confines of civilisation," said the poetically- inclined Westerner. "I wonder how long he was In for," remarked the man who did not like him; "or didn't he serve his full term ?" ONE THING LEARNED.—" The hardest thing to acquire, miss," said the dramatic teacher, "is the art of laughing naturally without apparent effirt." "Oh, I've got that down fine," said the would-be soubrette. "I typewrote for three years for a man who was always telling me funny stories about his little boy." ONE OF MANY.—Sehoolmate : "And so you have a summer cottage at Breezy Point, and a little sail boat, all your own? Do you sail much?" Dora: "N -no, not much." "Why not?" "Well, you see, I'm afraid to sail when the wind blows, and I can't sail when it doesn't." THE BAKER GOT MAD.—Mother: "Take this money to the bakers. It's to pay him for last month's bread; and, don't forget, you are to ask him for the receipt." Little eon : " Yes'm, I'll remember." Mother (half-an-hour later): " 'Well? " Little Son: "He got mad." Mother: "What?" Lie le Son "1 gave him the money, and when I told him you wanted to know how he made his • bread, he said that was his business." Huse AND KERNEL—Gent: "I have called on the recommendatlon of a friend to have my por- trait painted. But I should like to know if you can take me in my fur coat." Artist: "Oh ? certainly. Fact is, you know, I am an animal painter I" SOmE ONR Ej.sz. —"Go down to the Great Northern Hotel and ittterview the Female Suffra- gist leader there," said the city editor to one of his reporters. The young man returned in about an hour and said: "I saw her, sir, but she wouldn't talk." "Then you must have seen the wrong woman," replied the chief. GOOD ESOUGLI FOR A STARTER. Editor : "What have you found out about the opposition candidate ? " Reporter: "Practically nothing. His record is without a flaw." "Must have got into some mischief or other as a boy, anyhow." "I could hear of nothing except that once he stole a sponge cake." "Glorious ! Put it in. It will be a whole bakery before the campaign is over." PAPA IN FOR IT—Johnny: "How old was Methusaleh, auntie?" Aunt: "Nine hundred years." Johnny: "And how old are you, auntie?" Aunt: "Thirty, my child." Johnny; "Then papa reckoned wrong by eight hundred and seventy years. He said you were as old as Methusaleh. STRUGGLES OF A GROWING MlND.—Tommy : "You say December is the last Month of the year, pa?" Tommy's Father: "Yes." Tommy: "And January is the first?" Tommy's Father: "Yes, certainly." Tommy: "Well, how is it, then, that December always comes afore January." An ingenious advertising sell has lately victim- ised a good many Americans. Some charitable individual offered to supply a sewing machine for 2s. in stamps, and the money poured in upon him. He strictly fulfilled his engagement by sending a good-sized needle. UNCOMFORTABLE COMFORT.—Mrs. Wayupp : "I aympathise with you deeply. It must be very painful to lose a fortune." Mrs. Muck : "Its terrible! When we were rich we used nothing but the most exquisite antique furniture, but it's all gone, every piece." " The new furniture which you have here looks very comfortable. ' "That's the trouble. It is so comfortable that lam con- tinually reminded of the awful fact that it is not antique." A RECENT burglar-scare led to a rather farcical incident in a Wolverhampton suburb. Two of the male inmates, whose rooms faced across a passage, had both retired, full of burgling yarns, and during the night both fancied they "heard some- thing" in the hall. Armed with thick sticks both crept cautiously into the passage, and both rained blows on the man they each found there. The one nearly succeeded in murdering the other. A DIREFUL THREAT.—Are you going out to- night, dear ? " said the husband to the emancipated woman. "I am. It is the regular weekly meet- ing of the lodge." "Then I want to say to you" —and there was an unusual defiance in the mild man's tone—"ll want to say that if you are not home by eleven o'clock I shall go home to my father." YOUNG MOTHER (in ecstasy) : "Yes, my little niece, this is your teeny weeny ittie baby cousin. Isn't he a darling, bless his itsy tontsy wootsies ? He can talk, too. Sit up, baby, and talk to your ittie cousin." Baby : "Goo, goo, goo, woo, mawoy, wow, goo, goo." Young Mother : "There, I told you he could talk beautiful y." Softleigh "Do you think your sister likes me Hal?" Hal: "Yes. She stood up for you at dinner." Softleigh "Stood up for me? Was anybody saying anything against me?" Hal: "No, nothing much. Pa said lie thought you were a good deal of an ass, but Sis spoke up and said you wasn't and told Pa he ought to know better than judge a man by his looks." Reformed Tippler (who has just taken the sledge): "Well, now, thank goodness, that's over What have Ito pay you, sir?" Parson: Nothir my good friend. We don't make a charge for sort of thing." Reformed Tippler (in astonish- ment) : "What I Nothing to pay? Come and have a drink, then ''

rothing, this

===== 0002601_18950907_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S CORN EXTRACTOR.

A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful ; niprove merit. This Plaster is the well-known Aileoeles Corn Per with a little disc added that in a tew clays extracts ha and r.-lief is felt as coon as appl:ed ; for all pressure of the toot is removed. D n't be put off with Any other r•tnedc, vs Done other will give the immediate comfort. Pateu 70. Ind 1310., per box of all Chemists. Sold by :

t.R. Yeuxo, Pharmaceutical Ch ,mist, Warringt4m.

-

J.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

I may tell you that a great deal of brown will be worn this autumn and winter. This colour having been a little neglected of late will be cordially welcomed, for it is very becoming. Its chief fault is its tendency to fade. After a few wearings a brown gown of woollen material (even the best) is apt to show a decided contrast between the surface exposed and the inside of the pleats or folds. However, fashion which exists for the rich, does not pay any heed to these little matters. We shall have brown trimmed with jet passementcrie, and brown trimmed with jet and gold. 1 vn always brings in plenty of yellow in its train the waistcoats of our dressy brown gowns m of daffodil yellow satin or cloth, quite plain, or elaborately trimmed with stripes or straps of jet passementerie, which is to be very handsome and much worn. Daffodil satin will be a favourite evening material for tea-gowns and low-necked dresses. White faille, trimmed with daffodil satin, will be no uncommon mixture for elaborate winter dinner gowns.

However, , daven't got over summer yet, and, I of course, you will want me to tell you about holi- day dresses. The smartest yachting-gowns, then, are in coarse diagonal alpaca, grey in colour, the seam and edges piped with white suede, the coat revers being outlined with a strap of suede. A grey sailor hat, or better still, a grey or white cloth peaked cap, will be worn with these yacht- ing dresses, which have quite superseded serge. Comparatively few of us, however, can enjoy yachting, either in the blue waters of the Solent or on the silver surface of Father Thames or any other river. The great majority of pleasure-lovers have tennis and the recently-revived croquet open to them, for over and above club grounds many villas and country residences have lawns large enough for tennis, and sometimes for croquet as well. Girls who do not pursue tennis as the one object of life in all weathers are rather modifying their costumes this year. Flannel and serge are not quite de rigueur, and they are wearing plain white or blue serge skirts with blouses. Here is a white cambric tennis shirt, with bands of blue cambric and embroidery insertion work in blue cotton, let in. Wise virgins will, however, wear woollen stockingette bodices under their cool cam- bric shirts and blouses. I have seen a very cool- looking grey flannel dress, with crossed tennis rackets embroidered in crimson silk all round the wide skirt, and another couple on the breast of the bodice, crimson silk sash and neckband. But wide skirts are not generally beloved by players.

Here is a pretty but unpretentious dress of grey and white worn at one of last week's fashionable weddings. The main portion was in a rich mat grey silk, in good contrast with the glaces so much worn. Skirt, sash, sleeves, and neckband were all grey, but the corsage itself was of white striped figured brocade. Quantities of such brocades are to be bought in short lengths at the sales, and they could hardly be put to a better purpose. A pretty shady black chip hat was worn with it, with a row of sweet little pink roses under the brim and loops of wide pink straw plait outside, in addition to Four black plumes. The crown of this hat is dis- tinctly Tyrolese. Millinery is very pretty just now, and for ordi- nary wear it is pleasingly simple. One of the newest and nicest shapes has a crown something Like a Tam o' Shanter, and the narrow brim is turned up round the edge, the trimming is merely a twist of ribbon, and the loops at the side, mingled with some blades of wide grass, are all caught with a tiny buckle. Then there is a toque of black rice straw, with loops of striped ribbon in front, and a cluster of verbena and broad-leaved grass at the back. A picture hat which looks smart is in black chip edged with fancy straw, trimmed with wide black satin bows at each side, shaded heliotrope roses and black ospreys.

For country-hot. dresses Ite remains fashionable as ever, for the linings of coloured costumes, for collars, revers, vests, blouses, and even for gloves. The latest novelty is a belt in white kid or suede, that is pretty on most bodices provided the waist is either slender or well rounded. Passementcrie will be much used as a trimming for the skirts and bodices of demisaison costumes in mohair and alpaca. Braiding and raised embroideries, on bands of white or coloured cloth, are also being prepared, and are prophetic of the downfall of the blouse, such trimmings being only possible on a well-fitting bodice, and of a possible alteration in the shape of skirts; but this change lies in the future, and for the present all skirts are cut in godet shape, and all are stiffly lined.

Your loving JENNig.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1895.

There are seven millionaire-editors in New York. Epping Forest is the largest pu`slic recreation ground in the world. The heart of a Greenland whale is a yard in dia- meter. Little oak trees, an inch and a half high, are grown by Chinese gardeners. They take root in thimbles. The word" flirtation," according te Lord Chesterfield, was manufactured by Lady Frances Shirley, who used it in the exact sense attached to it to-day. The value of the imports of potatoes in England year y is estimated at about six hundred thousand pounds. Do not disfigure the hands with caustic to remove warts, but touch them with strong soda water several Mmes a day. They will disappear. The very poor of Berlin are better housed than those of any other large city in the world. The German capi- tal is really without "slums." In 1182 the sands were heated by the sun to such an extent that ins few minutes eggs could be cooked in them. It is not generally known that it is illegal to blow wind instruments in the streets. Unfortunately, this law is but feebly administered. A Chinese custom is the throwing into the ocean of thousands of pieces of paper when friends are about to sail. Each piece bears writt monit a prayer. At a recent fashionable weddin ! in Chicago, the bride, a widow, was given away at the altar by her son, whose age is ten years. We wear away two inches of shoe-leather in a year. A pair of boots that would "last a lifetime" would,conse- quently, have to be provided with soles from eight to nine feet thick. The ultra swells of London are trying to introduce the fashion of wearing black satin bows with drooping ends to connect the cuffs, instead of the well-known sleeve- links. The ribbon must be one inch wide. The sting of a bee, when compared with the point of a fine needle, under a powerful microscore, is hardly dis- cernible. The point of the needle appears to be about an inch in diameter. A new outer sole is being tried on the boots of the Ger- man soldiers. It consists of a paste of linseed oil, var- nish, and iron filings, which is said to render the sole flexible and to make it more durable than the new alum- inium bootnails. Among the Turks bath-money forms an item in every marriage contract, the husband engaging to allow his wife a certain sum for bathing purposes. If it be with- held, she has only to go before the cadi and turn her slipper upside down. If the complaint be not then re- dressed it is ground for divorce. Women doctors should certainly rank as reliable auth- orities upon such a subject as the effect of bicycling upon the health of their own sex, and it is therefore very interesting to know that the result of a gleaning of the opinions of eighteen lady doctors of the United States is an overwhelming verdict in favour of the fashionable amusement.

a 40, ti ( ...- t ,r4O-41 # , \ ..1 ..,' ; ....ey U,- :1•j.• ' we ha: .0'

)...." 4, 4. , • ( ....' i' ''''' ' _.„.. )..• -'--41:1,11',,,, ,'`, 1 i ,N ..,,,,...4 _ „ ~, 1,1 ' • / " °, l'.: VN‘• cce 1611tb ;A r, „ ,„.5,:,-,i,* ,- .. , •:',47:, .74'-':, ~,-.. .d.,,i4t'i , \ x ~,/ ' • 1

.. -(e4:-.._s,_ ~.:.,;;‘,..,... ....,. \*,......„---,k,;,..............;,.vcvk -- ; :',',r ' '''llTh ''''. ' .'-'2:? ....•1"., . v -•' e, J452,-.: ,„-,itt- . WNi, ....1 • ''s-N...:,,i7,;:zi, r e... -,,,,i--9-)1,;.: ik•l/4., _ . _. whit use 4,441.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
R'S LITTLE PILI

Nho tvo ‘httly the tooth 6/1.1.51 lely qt,•rs

SOZODONT, plemir.iteAt deutifrice tha world.

ileanses the teeth and spaces Ca. Torpi 1 Lima?,Bile, between them as natl.-dime:se Sallow Comiilexi,m, and will. Somid and pearly white Sick Headaches promptly :1 teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and care them so as zo stay breath ensttred. faired., Chemists, .7.h. 1.2 J sAsk. for SOZODONT. Ss. Sa

•

ARTEk LIVER . ,LS. BL,au iFUL 11E1'11 Sawi!or WI wb ITTtj FAR ion i.' A IVEk • ! 1711'1•Sl'ure,NVe-: the Labe. CI -;;11-0 t • ,be

===== 0002601_18950907_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
E KAMINE-

A Few Dent's.

Don't wear a veil with; hole in it. It gives a look of poverty that there is no excuse for. Veils cost little, and at the worst you can go without one. Don't wear a hat too young unless you wish to look old. A sailor hat can be confidently recommended as calculated to make any mature woman look like her grandmother. Don't cut yourself in two near the knees with a coat that strikes you about there if you are a short woman. Nothinc,, detracts more from an appearance of 12, igh-. Don't forget that pointed openings of the dress at the throat at becoming only to slender women.

Drying an Umbrella. During the frequent use of umbrellas in the showers we should keep in mind the oft-repeated caution con- cerning care in drying them. They will last much longer if they are always placed, when wet, with the handle downward to dry. Toe moisture then falls from the end of the frame and the fabric dries uniformly. When it stands handle upwards, which is commonly the onset the top of the umbrella holds the rnoi ture and not only takes a long time to dry, but it soon injures the silk or other fabrics used for the cover and ru:ts the steels. This is the cause of this part of the umbrella wearing out before any other part. Umbrella cases are also responsible for the rapid wear of the silk. The constant friction eauQes the tiny holes that appear so provokingly early. When not in use leave the umbrella loose.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERYBODY'S ENEMY.

A famous physician and author entitles one of his books" The Demon of Dyspepsia." It is a bright idea. Demons (or devils) are supposed to be enemies of the human race. Dyspepsia answers the definition com- pletely. Body, mind, and spirit perish through the power of it. War, famine, and pestilence—bad things, all of them. Yet only see 1 War ends, famine ends,pestilence ends. But when does dyspepsia end? When is a com- munity, or any family, free from it ? Never. At all seasons, in all climates, it is on hand, and always busy. And what a mimic this demon is ! One after another he can assume every character in the play. He is a whole tragedy company. We used to speak of rheumatism, gout, bronchitis, liver, kidney, and lung ailments, nervous affections, Sze., as separate diseases, local in origin and treatment. We know better now. These are but names of some of the disguises worn by the Demon of Dyepepsia—aome of the parts he plays. Take this from a letter : " Ever since I was four- teen years of age (eleven years ago) I had suffered ['rem hot flushes, headache, aad dizziness. In January, 1885, I was in service at the late Squire Heatley's Hazelmere Lodge, near High Wyeembe. My appetite fell away. and everything I ate gave me pain at the chest and under the shoulder-blades. I had a bad taste in the mouth, and thick phlegm covered my tongue and teeth. My akin was sallow, eyes of a yellow hue, and I had great oppression and pain at my tight side and across the stomach. I was also troubled with wind, and at times violent palpitation, so that I Feared that I had heart disease. My breath became short, and I had to stop and rest when doing my house work. Next a nasty cough fastened on me, and I shook as I laboured to clear the phlegm away. Bad night-sweats followed, and my linen was wet with them every morning. A doctor who was attending Squire Heatley was called to see me. He attended me over two months, yet I got worse. He said my liver was dis- eased, and if ever I got better, it would be a long time .first. I took more than a drzen bottles of his medicine without benefit, and at the end of March, 1886, I left my situation and returned to my home at Widma-re End near fligh Wycombe. Bucks, "My mother was shocked at my condition. I could scarcely crawl about. I could only get upstairs one step at a time, rosting on each step ; and every breath I drew hort me. During the day I had to lie down on the couch. At night F went to bed early, and could not rise before noon. My mother and brother thought I had consumption and would never get well. "One day my mother said : ' Ada, why don't you try Mother espieeFe Curative Syrup? You know what good it did your brother Thomas.' I sent to the stores in White Hart-street, Wycombe, and got bottle. After having need it for only a few days I felt better, and gained a little strength. After this, keeping on with the Syrup, I had no relapse. By the time I had taken six bettlee, the night-eV/eats, the cough, *and all the other bad feelings left me, and I have since enjoyed better health than for eleven years before. I have reason to thick that Mother Seig,el's Syrup saved my life, and wish others to hear of what did so much for MP. I will answer any inquiry. Yours truly (Mrs.) Ada Castle, 5, Farnham-road Cottages, Farnham Common,near Slough, September 3rd, 1892." In this case the Demon mimicked consumption. asthma, and heart disease—which in an organic form at least, Mrs. Castle was not afflicted with. We sae " mimicked " them. Yet the actual truth is these "diseases," with fifty others, are only the natural is- suits and symptoms of Dyspepsia. They are poison berries On the tree of Dyspepsia. Pull up that tree by the roots and they all die with it. And may we not be sure that the success of Mother 'Seigel's great remedy in striking down the demon who threatens us all will he heralded everywhere by the grateful voices of the sufferers whom lshe saves? Indeed we may. iy

A boat capsized off Southsea on SaturdAy afternoon, ' and a clerk namtd Gibbons and a young girl named Rose Short were drowned. A Royal Artilleryman who attempted to rescue them had a narrow escape of losing his own life. Dv; noised Lanndreises gay, Critchley's " SrATIOJ7{ Is mequalled for impartinif a beautifnl finish to starchee linen. itc„ either cold or boilleg water starch. Mr.—, Core• wall, Bays My wife will not finish our linen wit hem, v(01 , "Starch Gloss.'"- From Mrs. --. Bradford s— "Dear its .- lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-calie, Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours.- It should be used In every house. Sold at ld.. 31., and Gd., te most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure ft. 'T eItiTCHLEY. Blackburn. P:onrietor.—Adire. A new writ was ordered to issue on Saturday for the election ef a member of Parliament for Limerick City in the room of John Daly, who, ban' imprisoned for treason-felony, has been declared incapable of being elected as a member of the House.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ID ii_id,

GLENALrIN ti OATH;

~

===== 0002601_18950907_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
OR, THE MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS. -- Br SYLVANIIB COBB, JB.

CHAPTER XL A GREAT AGONY. With Col. Tabor. the governor- general's chief- 4f-staff, Lord Birchmeat had much business • and Ise found it convenient to wait upon that Officer at his private residence. Here he met Mary Wallace, and when he knew her as the niece and ward of his friend, Sir Jasper, he took her at once vto his heart. With a gallantry which was as deli- cate as it was generous and humane, he offered his attendance upon the Promenade, and to places of entertainment, thereby relieving her from the attentions of younger men, who would have been too glad to have shared her companionship. Lady Birchmear, when she knew that the beautiful girl was Sir Jasper's sole heir, destined, if she lived, to inherit one of the fairest estates in England, smiled benignantly upon her, and was profuse in her tokens of love and good-will. Mary Wallace was not quick atreadingtreachery, when it came under the plausible guise of friend. ship. Herself pure and true, she was willing to believe others pure and true, who seemed so. And then, how could she suspect that Lady Birchmear, a woman past the prime of life, and firmly fixed in worldly prosperity, could be else than she professed? How, and in what, could her ladyship wish to deceive her? Mary did not feel the subject worth a serious question; and she came to repose all confidence in Helen Berwick. Her ladyship had heard the story of Arthur Rainsford's passage in the Golden Fleece, and she was not long in discovering that he was Mary's accepted lover. If she now and then hinted at the secret, she did it in a manner so delicate that the maiden was pleased rather than offended; and, finally, by adroit management, she led our heroine to a full and free confession. And thus was Harold Berwick brought into frequent companionship with Mary Wallace. When he first saw her, he was forced to the convic- tion that he had never before beheld anything so beautiful; and when he had been permitted to sit by her side, and to hand her to her place for a drive, he fell desperately in love with her. And with him this love was in reality a species of desperation. It so far absorbed the brutish passions of his nature as to hold them in check, as the mountain torrent is held by an obstructing snag, only gathering more potent force for evil when the bond is broken. He had been dazzled by her beauty before he knew the story of Arthur's love: and when he knew that he who had been his rival at Birchmear was more than his rival here, his heart was filled with passions most venomous and deadly. But long years of evil life, with many a cup broken at his lips, had brought to him a certain degree of caution, and he hid from those around him—from all save his mother—that he hated his step-brother with a mortal hatred. One night, after Sir John had retired, Lady Birchmear and her son met by appointment. There was need of new work, and they had met for con- sultation. They sat down, each seen-dug to understand the other perfectly. After a pause Harold opened the business by asking: "Have you managed to gain anything from Sir John ?" "Gain anything? In what direction ?" Her ladyship had been meditating, and did not readily comprehend the di ift of her son's question. "in the direction of the only thing we ever had to fear," answered Harold, abruptly, and not in the best of humour. "You allude to Arthur Rainsford, my son; but let me assure you in the outset that you have some- thing to fear from your own record. As a vely first requisite to success you must so present you. - self before your step-father that not even a suspicion of wrong-doing can attach to you. You must .07 be officious, but you must he kind and considerate; and, above all, you must put on a garb of modesty and—" "Hold !" cried Harold, with an impatient wave of the hand. "I understand all that." "And," pursued his mother, earnestly, "you must pay heed to the lesson. Do you realise the magnitude of the stake for which you play?" "By heavens! I think I do. I see upon the board the broad acres of Birchmear, its prompt pay- ing tenants, its grand old mansion its mint of gold iu bank, its noble peerage, and its power and grandeur of social position !" "And, on the other hand," whispered her lady- ship, " you may see only Harold Travers—the son of a spendthrift—without position, and without money—cast upon the world—" " Hush ! No more of that, my mother." "Mark me, Harold ! there is no middle ground. You will be either Baron Birchmear or you will be a penniless outcast !" There was a cold, steel-like glitter—a glitter such as the keen blade of a stilletto shoots forth under the glare of the moonbeams—in the eyes of the woman as she thus spoke, and her fingers were clutched upon the arm of her son with masculine strength and energy. As she now sat, with all her thoughts given to the purpose of evil, prepared to adopt any means that might offer towards the accomplishment of her purpose, and also prepared to crush every human barrier that offer obstruction in her way, she looked the very incarnation of diabolism. Her beauty was the beauty of the coiled serpent, and the strength evinced in the clasp of her fingers was tigerish. "And," said Harold, with a fierce contraction of his dark and lowering brow, "Arthur Rains- ford still stands in my way ?" "That," replied her ladyship, with a change in her look and tone, "brings Us direct to our busi- ness; and I can now answer your leading question. I have sounded Sir John deeply and carefully, and I am able to inform you that the burden of his old love for Arthur is returning upon him. Not only has the story of the battle with the pirates worked wonderfully upon him in that direction, but I can see that the soft speech of Mary Wallace is having much influence. In short, Harold, this Gordian knot must be cut !" Harold Berwick swore a terrible oath, and the veins stood out grimly upon his dusky temples. " !if I could but cut the knot that binds HER, to his support! Cannot you help me in that, my mother? If I could win Mary Wallace I" "Harold—lock first to your rival! He will be in Calcutta ere long. Sir Jasper's return is daily expected. If I can, meanwhile, help you with the girl, I will do so; but you must not call upon me in this other direction. Surely, here in this place, with such instrumentalities as lie about on every hand, you should be able to crush the interloper. It were well that he and Sir John never met again !" "I understand," said Harold, without looking up. He seemed to be considering where next his feet should tread ; and be held his hand before him and looked upon it as though he wondered whether blood would soil it. "You will understand," added his mother, with another of those stiletto-like gleams, " that a peerage and a fortune hang in the balance 1 Harold stepped forward and took her by the band—or, rather grasped her with a vice-like grip. "Look to the girl, and I will look to the other He shall never moot Sir John if I can help it 1" "If you can help it!" cried the lady contemp- tuously. "Do you admit ifr at such a time and in such a work? Have you forgotten all the mysteries of Black Town? If your own hand shrinks from the work, tire there not dark hands enough that can be made ready and willing by the touch of gold? Say not, If! Say I WILL I" "Then, may mother," answered Harold, with an oath, "let it be—l WILL! Do we understand each other ?" "I think we do." And they separated. On the following day, at dinner' Lord Birchmear announced that his old friend, Sir Jasper, would shortly arrive in Calcutta. "And I trust," said her ladyship, with a smile of anticipation, "that Arthur will come with him." " Yes," responded Sir John. • And that was all he said. Lady Birchmear dared not push the subject, and it was dropped. Yet she gathered from his very reticence that his heart was with its first love. He would have spoken his enmity freely. It was the deeper feeling that he kept hidden. That evening Lady Birchmear spent an hour with Mary Wallace. She put forth her whole power of soft and winning speech, and the heart of the unsus- pecting maiden was opened so freely that she told over the whole story of her life. While Mary spo'ke her ladyship listened attentively. At length came a word that startled her. Did Lady Birchmear hear aright? She certainly did. But she would understand it more thoroughly. And Mary explained it in full. Her ladyship could not repress the startling effect of the intelligence she had gathered. She sat like one upon whom a blinding glare of light had fallen—as though a lightning flash had streamed

_I

L

before her without—ifs -mite Of-thunder; "Dear lady !" cried Mary, in alarm, "what is It?" "Hush, dear child I shall overcome it ta a moment? It is nothing." "Was it anything I told you ?" the anxious girl asked, seeing that her ladyship still trembled. "My blessed child !" cried Lady Birchmear, taking the gentle maiden to her bosom," I cannot tell you a falsehood. I was moved by the intelli- gence you communicated: but you must not ask me why." "Must not ask you! And you so moved! But perhaps it does not concern me ?" "Alas, my poor girl, it concerns you more than I can tell ! But what am I saying? Let us forget the whole thing, darling, and talk of something else. Your good guardian will soon be here and your heart will then be lightened." Mary Wallace was human, and she could be persistent when her will was aroused. She would not suffer Lady Birchmear to evade the momentous subject in that manner. If there was anything of Importance—anything touching her own welfare— hidden from her, she wished to know it. And she appealed to her ladyship upon the grounds of com- mon humanity, setting aside all considerations of friendship, to explain the mystery. She held her by the hand and implored her. Lady Birchmear turned away and rested her head upon her hand. At length she said, and she simulated great anguish of mind very well: "Mary, you must give me time to think. I dare not speak now. I am sorry I exposed my- self ; but it cannot now be helped. Wait until to- morrow." _

Will you tell me then ?" "If I do tell you then, my child, you will not wonder that I hesitated at first. But be not over- anxious. After all it may turn out to be nothing at all. I may have judged entirely by my own feelings and judged wrongfully." It had been very easy for her ladyship to bid the anxious girl to put away her fears, but the work was not so easy of accomplishment. When Mary had been left dace a great dread had come upon her, and as is always the case in seasons of peril, the terror was just in proportion as the cause was hidden and mystical. At a later hour Lady Birchmear met her son and called him into her dressing-room. "Have you heard further from Sir Jasper ?" she asked. "No. What have you heard?" He could read in her face that she had called him to her for the purpose of imparting informa- tion. "First, Harold, tell me if you would like the way cleared to Mary Wallace's heart?" "I don't understand you. We have already decided that the chief obstruction is to be removed." "Is it thus you gauge a woman's heart? Do you fancy that the death of the hero she worships would lemove the idol from its shrine in her bosom? I have better news for you, my son." Harold at down to listen, and after urging upon him great care and circumspection his mother told him her story. The man heard and then started to his feet with an oath of exultation. "The facts have changed," he said, "and fortune smiles upon us at length." Lady Birchmear bowed her head and was silent. Perhaps she thought that the fortune which could smile upon the work in which they were engaged would prove to them as proved the head of the Gorgon in the hands of Perseus—the smile which served them would turn others to stone. But she did not speak her thoughts. She suffered Harold to depart with his convictions unshaken by such imaginings.. On the following day Lord Birchmear told his wife that he was going away on business, and that he might be gone several days. He did not tell her where he was going, and she did not ask him. She was curious enough, and would have liked right well to know his destination, but she would not trespass. She was playing her own game, and his absence would not discommode her. In another quarter, however, his lordship was not so reticent. He called upon Mary Wallace, and asked her if she wished to send any word to

her guardian. "1 am going to meet him," he said. "A courier came in last night, who reports Sir Jasper at Jungeepoor, where he met some old Minds and where he has hauled up to see a pair of tigers slot." "And you are all ready to set forth, my lord?": "Yes. What shall I tell Sir Jasper from you ?" Mary hesitated. She had it at heart to ask Sir John to take her with him. She felt the chill touch of impending evil upon her spirits; notes of warn- ing, perceptible to her inner sense, vibrated upon the dull atmosphere about her; and she would gladly have escaped from the city; but she could not ask the favour which she might have, asked had she known of the intended move at an earlier hour. So she sent to her dear guardian her love and a kiss, and the kiss she deposited upon Sir John's own lips. "I don't care to have my movements the subject of general conversation," he said, as he was about to take his leave, "so you need not mention my destination." Had he told the whole truth, he would have told her that he did not care to have Lady Birchmear and her son in immediate possession of a knowledge which might lead them to unnecessary speculation upon the possibility of a reconsdliation between himself and Arthur. That evening Lady Birchmear called upon Mary, and redeemed her promise. The premonitions of horror had not been false. . As her ladyship told her story the listener sat like one upon whom a lightning-bolt had fallen. Ter- rified and appalled, Mary Wallace heard the death. dealing words, and when there was no more to hear she sank down in a swoon. The great agony had been more than she could bear. The revelation of Lady Birchmear, guarded as it had been, and set in kindest words, had shattered the dearest hopes of her life, and rent from her bleeding heart its holiest treasure. (To be continued).

As one of the terry boats was just going out ot New York harbour, the inevitable last man came funning on the wharf and jumped on the boat. As he recovered himself he looked back at the distance between the boat and the wharf, which was now great, and exclaimed, "Gemini, what a jump 1" SHOCKING CATASTROPHE. —Boatman (off Brigh• ton) : " A:cidents ? Ah, you may well cay that, sir. Only last week there was a gent in this worry boat, a-sittin there, just as it might be yourself, sir the water like a mill-pond, and not a puff of wind—when she gives a lurch " Binks (alarmed) : " Bless me 1" Boatman : " And a gallon o' beer went clean overbpard. Ah, we poor sailors 'as our trials !"

CusTommt.—" Look here, Isaac Israel, you miser- able old cheat, I've only worn this coat once, and all the colour is gone clean out of .it." Isaac Israel—" Vy, you've been vearite him in the sun!' Customer—" Of course. Why not!" Isaac— " Vy, yen , you chose that co our, did you say a vord about the sun? Ne ; allyou talked of was the shade .1" THE MANAGEICS REQUEST.—The audience of a' certain French theatre is never troubled by tall hats worn by ladies. The following notice W 9.5 posted op in a conspicuous position, and proved to be very effective : " The manager requests that all good-looking ladies will remove theit hats, for the accommodation of the rest of the iti,lience. The aged, the bald, and the plain are nut expected to comply with this request."

"Do I love George?" mused Clara, softly, "or is it simply a sister's affecti that I fee! for"— Just then Bobby burst noisily into the rom, and interrupted her sweet meditations. "Get out of here, you young scamp!" she shouted, and, seizing him by the arm, she pushed him through the door. "Alt, no," she sighed, as she resumed her interrupted train of thought, "my love for George is not a sister's love. It is sweeter, purer, higher, and holier." A MAN may stop a horse mars tearing clown tne street, may stop an enemy's advance amid the battle's heat; In fact, stop almost anything in situations trying; but not a single man alive can stop a homy crying. " TICKETS, PLEASE ! "—A ticket-collector on one of our largest railways is much struck with the enormous mortality which seems to take place among children at one particular age. Most of them seem to enjoy robust health rip to within a few months of their twelfth year, but hardly any, it Would appear, ac,ually reach that age. AN _ EAR FOR MUSIC. - Mistress (angrily) :

" Bridget! What do you mean by listening out- side the door ?" Bridget; "Shur, mum, oi can't help shtoppin' to listen when oi hear yer beauti- ful voice; it's bike music, mpecially them, hill notes whin ye're blowin' up the master I"

A private huryiug-grourd eau be si et itt Fraukford, l'enithylvanli. It is alio used as a potiito patch, arid imion beds mark the dividing lines between the graves.

A. MAN WITH SEVENTEEN

With Or- dinary Postage up to

2-1,

443 il.lll.

b 15 a,ni

643

8-55 kra.

S-10 ELIE. 10.0 am. 10-10 wan.

11.10 a.m.

11.-30 a.m. 11.30 a.m.

12 xma 3-53 a.,

1.50

14 p.,.

I-as p.m. 140

2,30 p.m. 245 vax.

a 4-15 rn 4 011.111. 6 415 pan.

6'5 Pan. 6-15 P.m

===== 0002601_18950907_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN.

--- A mill operative, Mr. Francis Berry, raiding at 11. Marsh-square, Oldham, has had a narrow escape fro° death. He was employed in the duties of a stripper and grinder, but was for some time unable to follow his enr ployment. Hearing about the case, 3 representative of the other thee' Oldham Chronicle" visited Mr. Berry evening, and was received by that gentleman and hie wife (who, by the way, was nursing their seventeenth child). Mr. Berry willingly gavelhe details of HIS NARROW ESCAPE. "A little time ago," said he, " a job I had as striePer and grinder nearly killed me. I fell ill, and had to ere up my work, for I could not stand it; the dust bter I orn the dirty cotton was simply choking. A little la could do nothing,and what was to become of me I not imagine. I felt as though each moment would he my last. I felt a peculiar sensation as though cold water was being poured down my back and neck. Then 1 bae s'chill in my legs, and at times a "mat load uP°ll ra,'„ chest. I went to the two best doctors I know a, wo- 'l told me that I had an abscess in one side of inY breast' Weak heart. I. i and also that I was suffering from a I began to sink, and tell you the truth, lost all heart. e., took a very great quantity of medicine. I began to fr irci and, day by day, got thinner and thinner, and r°ll t d not sleep. My limbs, once plump and firm, had vras-e, away to nothing. could I seriously thought I bad dowssurner.. d t work in the mill. I remember quite Well 000 ~ 0 na d theY 091° they night my parents came to see me, interjected won t. WOULD N ey went away they thought they OEUVI.ERreSpEosr tell:, ''°' AVVINb.at or 3 change? " But," You look good for a long number (A , now." on, "So I feel," continued Mr. Berry, ', OnW e 0' "-ii'l.3 :ye ' -laws visited me and said he thought Dr' „tt,„, bin ad e 1 Fink Pills for Pale People would do me good. '' ht I few by him, and these he sent me. Well, I would try them, and I bless the day when 1 °at rY:a I ' aca , per- across them. I only wish I had had them 9°° b t.- aa d not taken more than three doses before I 's fe improvement ' mprovement ; I continued to take theft for m ,a,,dor months, and and gained daily in flesh and stiength• Lc'e 004 r .. ,am fit and able to walk anywhere. I d° 11°,t c tiaa' sion to take the Pills new, but as long keep them by me; ' THEY SAVED MY LIPS, k j th9C and to udge from my MU3Cie you would riot this- tyre' - a little time ago I was so near death's door," all e .0. of opinion with which the reporter quite a gre lite . Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure, not merely eiln'eftsleer . the above, but all cases of rheumatism, nenr9llPa• aed ' hea motor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous daebe'aftes. prostration ; diseases of the blood, such a g SCI chronic erysipelas, &c., restore pale and salloero to plexions to the glow of health, are a SpeCifle f°r sre $ll troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in Men:l.lo9l 4 cases arising from worry, overwork, or exresse,a- dicine " are sold by all chemists; and by Dr. Williaill'' '4e a Do% :` Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct. London, at 29- 940.14er l or six for 13s. 9d. in wooden boxes with pink `'),,,t:' -Dl° , gennine only with fitll nanze. Dr. Williams' "'it : for Pale People. .

ASSOCIATIONEVERT ground°NV of If aliblpoolen's'nTtdsfwhoopCe:tretat'enwerwewnise would have :veiny. other dc'EPLfreoinl!alrlteph(loerlokl:riacti:ed-'l()Dl3l7s.tnr.ii cltthiltCe°ll:'-'l':'doeCi rpenneel°t°ill:gttil itTni oh tneh het erraiaeadktso showed lightning. BTodf hietrohhekeet Emha the eict rVet pace,a'thetußbaSeicgt'i LIVERPOOL mgnEO—oirbaPjf isiali auTe‘nite'riaDcooo :11 )90:lufinnusfbirr::::: ,;:re al 1 ill dgeleo:::: that Higgins t goal aftevrygsohaol themselves worthy' if theidTr ponents,orease o a A4u ACCOM • goal, of rain in d t deci'e hes 0, rned by heavy l. of thunder an., .--5 t WO , Evertonpet(aa'm 1:10ig for the Ml 4 d obot 6 the gamdoesPitethe-dreQne. ra.te e i( rii by 60, finally Ending in a w to one.

Two Pat-officeemplopl, named cliteirietreeD°: along with a young man named Whit'hat"'os Witii'llsl( Tuesday et'arc ed before the MancheSter jostle 6iputati 0 attempt to defraud the Department hY telegraphic money orders. The evidence l'ung ava"'w,ir the prisoners had endeavoured to get ar; atfi in 147,;70 assivtant at a auhurhan post office to partnifArtna:o. scheme, and that it was in conseqUenca () ere nrres"the she gave to the posi al authorities that thev sl „jos ; Taylor an Whitham ,vas committed for trial at the a' Oriel, other teen were remanded. Q,Aeheil',° ,4 '''' The result of the polling in the S'',. ' --a foh"- .i 0 division was declared at noon on Tne:+daY 8,,,,, tjoio°,o W. KPnny (U), 3,325; P. nahony al. a 2 g 93 , 1.70100' majority, 432. As the general election the majority wasls_6_.___.____._--- .0,0 SHOW THIS TO ARAB Wo'.7plterSe: I will send a valuable. te-' ile in' trucW five. and ,oa.ci tfl book which eve •'y woman would b., el , d t Contains important and confidential advieo na of a ~i aveo rrrilarTid and single how to keep en healthy a7ree, 0 anxieties so distressin,2 to the sett- St' Tort'ica ai ,ea.ler.rii: for one stamp to cover postage. ~,,,, thourne E4d.H.OVI : Prolcsor E. LASALLk, 17. r.'l3 ington, London. W FITS OR EPIL,ESPIt GIDDINESS. SIINSA.TIONS, FAINTS' 00 ,d J will demonstrite to the whole worl:, 13,Ziek 106,04, dreadful of all complaints. " Epifer.Y• hitherto eorusi gyred incurable cart be p`lt,, sere- Oh r (without the chance of failmre)". Write to Ose u. Doacure. Purwnod Houae. Burwond Place. HYde p...erris fa1...„..---------.4A lie will send you. " Gratis," full Instruco .... )o- iv, ~." ,TcocnoaNci ;Tor fl,reo . -col/1186m, can cuisitouf n"4 1.1.71:10,'.i1ia al, - uIA a ing ar4l/41r. Hy. MYERS Bat. 1866. lark erav Ain's 6 tIP IGO A small spoonful of Cadbury's Cocoa fli reAtes 1109 . fO, nst cup of delicious, refreshing cocoa. of flie ser de snit the finest flavour. The editor trif' / *. a cocoa of the highest degree of p - value "-Adrt --- ttelOis ..------- 4 a - oern-,. of mato ~et r. lq. Ow RUPTURE CURED. -All who wish i 0 e„..,;vorAcAin'gsor and trusses should send to Mr i•-• I' ~. - 26: r..- -- Specialist; 64, Chancery-lane, ',un ' ' do," PA'it,t. Manchester for his Book, post ft------- THE PLAGUE --- ~LBlttLielisto,ur,:littie con., THE RUIN OF 11A A oF OP THE FORERUNNER OF DEATHI „ Littleprolti.l7l.s Which maybe CURED now by the 118 HALL'S FOE INFL gsT At LuNG RESTORER. is,r, ' fril Registered AND LUNG COO 00,, 41 RESTORER 501.45ixtag liPO6 Never Fails. It POSSIIS 5. SO oio to T UNG 8001010, eis frEAL. w ottiOo' -I-J • RESTORER ocher Pl 5 FOIL 5 FOR C°UO GO A L'" 00 0,- ,o RESTORER ,irgil leitlf,3ol' Never Falls. It N., • - 1,11, 110.- Lij" INST.& BST ~0 vogo for RESTORER s A 000 0 0 1 Tis. -1.4 u" LlWit /.° 5 bvie RESTORER INDUOgt3 4000,40 Cairn al`ci 11- COPII Gi ialfirr til-' LUNG DOES RESTORER tAtipx,-,' Never Falls 310.1triliA.,c,010 ACjill LUNG THE F 1 ate 501. FOR wilo(''' CWI A. R ESTORER .„ L O" COP- T - I.J"G . RESTORER 131 13 Never Fails ONE ... 313• 00:4. NALL'S Vit ITS OP- 11' 'llialrldr-en 1166 S. orfifr pROVIS T UN( ESTORER 1,x50 1; 0 v 0 ; Registered BST° GIVES INSTANT NEVBII FAl''' -- RELIEF. FAILS. 00' ,zs VO- 300. s. ----F WITSP. i CI 0410 EXTRACT FROM LETTER0 tot, air s, pen .0 Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Ifome __.l srn, vool'll It To Mr. Tilos. HALL.-" DEIS Sl rt t euse 0. ,I,ikirdopr- t w estify to the great benefit derived froir) :veral _ RESTORER, nlarlo' ere le," which I kive given , oyects il tie is ray Home-In two cases partie,ufl..," toils. having ds.aving cured most obstinate V 1110 W Ii recommend it to all my frit n 1 of -- a 13 ---- k for 6tt'eerf s°o CALTTION.-IVhen yon ask, as. ‘,.,0 0, oefoine 000 LUNG RESTORER, don't be Per'' : every ge A ,ice. Upon the outside wrepuer o,r, ~ ~,,) at," 011, ,ppears rny Trade Mark (the ligurei _fa e.,Vss.lo, oftv Beware of fraudulent inaltstion3 an, I no _ervoliere ~loool'n,O. Sold by Chemists and Stores c,, ,r,. any 0!A V. 0.. la. 10. and Is. 9d. Shotilti thot-!..' oucePf' "Vief''' , ob,rining, it will be sent car:rtage. ,P:124. 41 ea 0 Mite amount, from TllO3. HALL t reet London

-aii

_

2-ls p.m.

2-20 p.m.

1.5 I• ti-30 • 5-40 1114C41111% ROUSE. SI7E-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:— : nt2r,INS HOUSE- --ukestown art sthton 0011 in *Gol, Green ..... towzonnie WhavZir Cross 'llVargra.Ve

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9 30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a m and 8 p.m. _•• _ -

7-10 a.m.. and 6=20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-2.a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL b **JOXIK.9- 14" v Lane, Newton (Nwtan Cemmon litisiar the Racecourse) ,avvaY &aims pr‘f,,euiton Bridge) oiT3ten Junction.— ure"t.. Golborne 1,0,:gh Street L , 0wt,...°4 Chapel " ‘,Oll Common (Near Lowton St 1. Alan., _ dtation) ,burt Road, Ashton iuLean Village 4rt°Tiviood - Place)

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

7' p.m. . 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and? p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

3-10

8-10

SuNDArs. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 s m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. e-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, NIL Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

.Ptewels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle- tin at 9 aand 6 • from all Sub-Offices at the Same e as letters "2..

6-45 a.m.

9-15 ~

1 7-0 a.m. Next day.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Newtoule-Willows . .••• Widnes, App:eton, Parnw Bit. ten Penketh, Preston Br

•• - Frodslutm, Helsby, Dares!)

- and Moore - Gra-ppenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft Padgate,Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton,

anti Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchor f Manchester, Macclesfield, St,ock Port, Buxton, Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham. & S.-Bast Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and reland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West, England, Wigan, Scotland; Liverpool, Presoot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, S. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West ot Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor-

thumberland, a Town Delivery- London, S.-Ea.stern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West

Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and _ .

S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, &

Shrewsbury. Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Btl

Sheffield Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Prodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penk eth, and Moore Town Delivery. Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lymna, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln-

shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cuo berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle

of Man, & Glasl6w Night Mail Despeen. All Parts London, Midiands, S.-Eastern & south Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950907_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

I To I Callers.

)3•=••and, Wales Ireland, Scotland, 44411'C'reign .................... Veod andthe South .................. Het Lynam 411eheate 37' ......... 're / 8.-Bast Lancishl , ork , Durham. Northuln- th4Piand, and Lincolnshire . e 0 Liverpool, Liverpool. Birkenhead, kir-i"Port Prescot, Wigan, °rims- toile, Widnes & Earlestown Foreign' , and the South ✓re tt:041.4 Counties Sr South Wales Itto44,,ine:wlorth LattcasHre. New 14,9haster I °wil, St. Helens. and to.:?heater kage°2l and Foreign, South, S - 44 'era, and Minland Counties ,_!ashlre, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- t:o', Wales and Ireland :1:• ege°4l.!, Preston, Wigan, Man- -4,oronfr, Bolton, & Chester 14474, and Foreign, South. S - Rast_rn, Midland, Northern, eroft,irn Counties, & Lancashire aditate. Woolston, Stockton adoroo:',.and Stretton a Foreign, South, and S - °barn Counties

7•0 a.m.

10-30 „ 10.45 .. {ll-30 „ 11-4 b

} 12-0

12-15 p.m.

..

2-lb „ 13-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

6-45 "

By Postmen.

7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m

345 m.

At th e international chess tournament at Hastings representing America, won the first prize with Zpitrints, Tchigorin (Rugsia) second place with 16 'll and Lasker (England) won third with 15i poiots.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
"CA.PITAL"

NotwithstAnding the fact that Lord Salsbury has gone to Dieppe for rest, a vague belief still exists in political quarters that we are on the eve of some important departure in foreign policy. It is certain that the Armenian question has reached a critical stage—so ctitical that an important movement, of the British fleet may be decided on at any moment. When a coup in foreign policy is resolved upon towards the close of a session, it is very likely Indeed to be deferred until Parliament has risenand , the Government have no longer to fear awkward questions and untimely criticism. There may he no I justification for the impression which has got abroad that something of the kini is impendtag in the present case, but it is certain that such an impres- sion exists in some usually well-informed quarters, and the newspaper despatches from the East may be worth watching tiu the course of the next week or two.

Some very beautiful , specimens of Arabic and Persian caligraphic art and some extremely brilliant examples of miniature painting on illuminated MSS. have recently been placed on exhibition in two cases in the King's Library of the British Museum. They include a large folio volume con- taining a selection of fine Hindoo miniatures and portraits, with specimens of Persian penmanship by eminent caligraphists between A.D. 1602-1739. A truly superb copy of the Koran, in seven folio volumes, written throughout in gold letters by order of one of the Mammaluke Sultans of Vgyir,,i9 among the treasures exhibited, while a fragment of the Koran, probably the eighth century, written on vellum, illustrates the earliest form of Arabic writing. The exhibition also comprises some very early scriptural MSS., among 'others, the Book of . Genesis and Exodus, according to the Syriac ver- sion, written at Amid by a deacon named John, A.D., 464, which are believed to be the earliest dated MSS. extant of any entire books of the Scripture.. A Hebrew lexicon, dated A.D. 1091, is the earliest dated Hebrew MSS. in the dopartment, while a Samaritan pentateuch dated 1356 furnishes the earliest dated Samaritan MS in the Museum. in another department where the collections illustrat- ing the various religions are on view, the section assigned to Islamism has received a valuable addi- tion in the shape of an illuminated Koran of the 16th century in original ornamented binding. It be- I longed to a branch of the Royal Family, of Delhi.

Lord Norton, who is now entertaining Mr. Glad- stone at his country house in Warwickshire, has always been far more inclined towards the Grand Old Man than to the leaders of his own party. lilB devotion to Mr. Gladstone amounts to ft sort of religion. At the time of the squabble with the House of Lords over the Franchise Bill Mr. Glad- stone sent for Lord Norton to act as his go-between with Lord Salisbury. Lori Norton is fond of telling the story of how he found Mr. Gladstone immersed in the study of his Bible on a Sunday afternoon,and yet able to look up from it at any moment, and write a note to Lord Salisbury, and then betake himself to his religious occupation again. in his speech on the kecond reading of the Rome Rule Bill Mr. Gladstone referred to a certain Tory lord whom he was proud to number among his greatest friends. This was Lord Norton.

Among living statesmsrl, Mr. Goscben writes pro- bably the worst hand. He is said to have taken up one of his own rnsmoranda the other day, and being very short-sighted, exclaimed, " A man who writes like that ought not to be in the public ser- vice!"

Much sympathy is expressed for the eleven-year- old daughter of the late M. Charles Stokes, whose .execution by an officer of,the Congo Free State has caused much excitement. She was Mr. Stoke's only child and the ohlectof his constant solicitude. It is urged in many quarters that the Congo State should pay an indemnity for the benefit of the little girl.

Railway men in the United States are still dis- cussing the "race to the north." They find it hard to accept the story of 540 miles in 528 minutes. as this would put their own record in the shade. This is held by an express which leaves New York at half-past eight, each morning. It runs to Albany, , 143 miles, in 165 minutes; thence to Syracuse, 148 miles, in 175 minutes; thence to Rochester, 60 miles, in 73 minutes; and thence to Buffalo, '69 miles, in 83 minutes. The actual speed for the dis- tance, exclusive of stops, is 52:36 miles per hour, , and on stretches where the track is suitable a speed I of 70 miles is reached.

The Press APPI‘II4 to have failed to take account of the first Irish " bull" of the new Parliament. It occurred in an admirable speech of Mr. Maurice Healey Mr. Healy was examining, with his usual knowledge and insight, the scandals of Irish Local Government. His special complaint was that the Town'Cominissioners did not possess the newer which resided in English Town 'Councils, of holding property in a corporate capacity. On the contrary, each member had to hold as a private individual, and his responsibility continued when he ceased to be a Town Commissioner. "What is worse. Mr. Lowther," continued the speaker, 4' every time he dies the same difficulty occurs:"

There is every prospect that the proposal for the abolition of the Lord Lieutenancy will get beyond the "pious opinion" stage next session. The movement in its favour on the Unionist benches is evidently very strong and genuine. One of the members who have placed motions on the subject on the paper has been canvassing a number of his fellow-Unionists upon the subject, and has,l under- stand, not met with an unfavonrable opinion. It is pretty plain now that a Unionist programme for the settlement of the Irish question is in existence, though whether it has official approval remains to be seen next session. It includes large concessions in the matter of denominational education, an im- pertent scheme of land purchase, perhaps county government, the abolition of the Lord Lieutenancy —and with it, of course, the" Castle and all its belongings—and the esteblishment of a Royal re- sidence in Ireland. In all nrobability the Unionists would like to see suer an effort made largely out- number those who favour an uncompromising at- titude, and certainly they outdo them in their in- fluence in the councils of the party. The " go- bead " men in the Unionist ranks, it is interesting to note, have great faith in Mr. Gerald Balfour. His speeches so far have been studiously concilia- tory on all matters, and although the unfortunate fact that the Irish Secretary is not in the Cabinet detracts from their weight it is naturally assumed that he does net speak without consultation with the leader of the house.

The question of crerlit to traders is being con- sidered by the chief officials of some of our railways. In the case of one of the great railways the traffic account due to it at the end of the half year ex- ceeded one million sterling—a vast sum, but • only slightly above the normal average.

The Government are, I hear, contemplating the appointment of a small committee of experts to assist Mr. Chamberlain in his design of developing and extending the resources of our colonies. „

• The world has recently been told that on one of the few occasions on which the Earl of Beaconsfield saw Mr. Chamberlain he uttered the prophecy that before he was sirty the present Colonial Minister would be a Secretary of State in a Tory Govern- ment. Whether it is from a sense of gratitude to the great prophet or merely unconscious plagiar- ism, it is certain that Mr. Chamberlain on the Treasury Bench has adopted one of " Dizzy's" most ,famous mannerisms. Heretofore the Member for Birmingham has been notable for alertness when in the House, but since his promotion the drowsiness of his demeanour has only been equalled by the promptness of his awakening when his conduct is called in question. Mr. Disraeli always slept in the House with one eye open, and Mr. Chamberlain seems bent on following his example.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIROAT IRRITATION AND COUGlC—Sorenesa and dryness tickling and irritation, inducing cough and affecting th voice. For these symptoms use Epps'. Glyc q.ine jujubese In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of suckh,g, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections become, actively heeling. Sold only in boxes. 70., tins Is. Id., labelled "jANIE,3 EPP+ & Co.. Ltd., Homeo- pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Nose and Throat Diseases," says : "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Fops and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent" while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear infirmary, writes : "After an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."--Advt. It iS stated that the Japanese Government have given orders to Clyde ship-builders for five large warships, to cost in all between four and five million pounds.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
With Extra

Halfpenny Stamp

===== 0002601_18950907_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No extra

===== 0002601_18950907_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra id. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 aaa

===== 0002601_18950907_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE K ‘r- Ri) Y, SEPTEMBER 7 1895.

I WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Town Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Halt on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Councillor James Urnlough) pre- shied, and there were also present, Aldermen Gnoenall, Sutton, Hutchinson, Wright, Bolton ; Councillors Shaw Green, Smethurst, Bennett, Woods, Skelton, Hepherd, Davies, Evans, Longton, Lee, Monks, Heaton Soillcock, Shaw, Messrs. .1. L. Whittle (town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), and S. Wilson kassistant town clerk.)

THE RETIREMENT OF THE CHIEF CONSTABLE. The MAYOR in moving the adoption of the minutes of the Watch Committee, said they would see thAt Mr. Hunt had r.signed his position. He had been with them for nearly 30 years, and the Committee had accepted his resignation with regret, and to show the just apprecia- tion for his services, they had resolved, with the Coun- cil's permission, to him a testimonial either in coin or otherwise. He hoped the Council would see their way to agree to this, because he was perfectly certain be deserved it. (Hear, hear.) Alderman GREENALL seconded the adoption of the , minutes. Councillor DAVIES said that considering Mr. Hunt bad been with them so long, he thought the proposed testi- monial of £5O was rather paltry. It was very little more than a pound a year. If the Council proposed to give anything he should move an amendment that the sum named be increased to, say, £lOO and that it should not take the form of a money present at all. He also spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Hunt's services to the town. The MAYOR said the money for the testimonal could not come out of the rates.

COUneillOr BENNETT agreed with Mr. Davies as to the smallness of the amount to be given as a testimonial,and he also suggested that it was inadvisable to give £3OO a year to the new Chief Constable at first, as that was the salary which Mr. Hunt had at his retirement. Alderman SUTTON supported the proposals of the Corn- mitt-ie, and with regard to the testimonial pointed out that it was not so much a question of amount as a recog- nition of the long services of Mr. Hunt. . .

.... The MAYOR added with regard to thequestion of salary that it w.a doubtful whether they would get a good man even at £3OO. Alderman GREENALL also maintained that the salary should not be less than £3OO considering the present population and the probable increase of the borough. Councillor SHAW-GREEN spoke in terms of praise of the services which Mr. Hunt had rendered the borough. Mr. Hunt had been, he said, a thoroughly smart and efficient man who had never used his authority oppres- sively.. Councillor SKELTON suggested the opening of a testi- monial fund at the Town Hall. _

The MAYOR did not, however, agreed with this sugges- tion, but added that anybody outside could start such a fund if they liked. The minutes of the Committee were then passed. MISCELLANEOUS._ _

The minutes of the Finance and Estates, the Street Improvement, the Sanitary Works, the School Attend- ance, Cemetery, Markets, and the Water CQmnsittees, which were given in the " Examiner " last week, were all adopted without opposition. On the Street Improve- ment Committee's minutes, Councillor Davies inquired as to when a shop formerly occupied by the late Mr. Marsh at the foot of Bridge-street was going to be pulled down, but the Mayor said they could not very well pull it down at the present time owing to same financial arrangements.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this Committee which were routine, were moved by Alderman Wright, seconded by Council- lor Heaton. Councillor BENNETT asked with reference to a new sewer proposed to be made from River-road to Wilders- pool Causeway, whether its object was to prevent Cor- poration sewage entering the old river which was still a nuisance.

Councillor HEPRERD The smell to-day is as great as ever.

The TowN CLERK said the Corporation did not dis- charge any sewage into that portion of the river. Councillor BENNETT said he had always understood from the statements of the Ship Canal Company that the Corporation were the greatest offenders. The TOWN CLERK said they were all private drains that emptied into th? old river,and were therefore not vested in the Corporation.

Alderman BOLTON said the drains from the road emp- tied into the river, bat the Town Clerk said that drains were not sewers. The Alderman said the nuisance was as great as ever. He asked if it was the intention to keep all Corporation sewage oat of the river. Alderman WRIGHT said that what they were doing was a preliminary step towards preventing any sewage entering the old river. They were trying to stop the nuisance as far as they could and as far as they were responsible. When the borough was extended to the Ship Canal, they should go in for a permanent system of sewerage which would•cure all that length.

ANerman 13oLTox 1 And poison people until then. The minutes were agreed to. museum, ETC., COMMITTEE. _

: The minutes of this committee appeared in our last issue.

Councillor Suaw CTILEEN, in pronosine their adontion, said that the results of the spring, examinations were re- markably successful. (Flear, hear.) The institntion had gained everything which it could gain. Hear, hear.) . .

Councillor MONKS seconded the proposition,and it was passed.

TOWN HAM, ETC., COMMITTEE.

Alderman BOLTON proposed. and Councillor Bwvrow PP concled. the passing df the minutes which appeared in last week's imp, Councillor BetsNETT asked the Chairman of the com- mittee for fuller details as to the alterations which were to he effected at Bank HOMO and the gardens. The Council ought to see the plans 'of the gate to Bank Rouse garden hefore it was erected, as after the way they had erected the gates in Crosfield-st., they could not trust them otherwise.

Conne,illor SMETHURST inquired why the bay windows of Rank Home were not to he taken down. They were really an eyesore to the whole street. To take these windows down would not cost a great deal—in fact a very small ammint.

Alderman BOLTON, in reply, observed that there Waft very little to he dnne to the Bank flouge garden except to erect a small gate in the wall, through which access could he gained from thh gardens behind the house to the east main drive. As to the windows it was intended to erect an iron railing between them, so as to prevent any. nuisancc arising. _ _

The minutes were adopted. GAS COMMITTEE.

, The minnteg were proposed by Councillor HETHERD and sonnnded tw MdPrtnan WRIGHT.

Councillor Sruvr Gamma referred to an item of £9OO which he said had been gpont in improvements durinrt the past year. lie contended that instead of that item being put upon the revenue account it should have been wait upon the capital account,and protested against such a thing being done on the present occasion. _ _ . . . .

Councillor Um said that he was of opinion that the minute relating to this £9OO ought to be referred back to the committee. Councillor WOODS also held that the sum should have come ont of capital, and not out of revenue. Councillor TTEPHERD denied that tho committee had charged anything to the revenue account which should have been charged to the capital account. (Hear,hearl Tie failed to see how the Finance Committee had got hold of the idea. There was nothing on the schedule of the GAS Committee to show on Which account the charge had been made.

The minutes were at leneth aclonted. ruse ENGINE COMMITTEE.--,THE FIRE BRIGADE

COMPLIMENTED. The minutes of this committee contained a letter from Mr.J Mugkett,the manager or Messrs. Buckley and Co., in which the Fire Brigade were complimented upon their gmartness Ist a recent fire. - - -

Alderman HlrrcEaNsoN moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor SIIRTIMST in seconding said he was glad ro see the Fire Brigade had been complimented. Same of them might think there was nothing saved at Skelton's fire, but they would he astonished if he told them what the salvage sale had realised. Alderman Bor,Tots : It wanted that. (Laughter.) Councillor HEATON asked if there was a report from the committee appointed to reeommend as to the means of making the brigade more efEcient. The MAYOR said there was nothing on the minutes on the subject of the question, but he might inform Mr. Heaton that there was no report as yet. Councillor Woos said that after all the vicissitudes of the fire brigade it was very touching and pathetic to read the letter dated the 23rd August with reference to Messrs Bucklev's fire. It would be a nice thing if the letter were lithographed and a copy presented to each member of the Fire Engine Cernmittee as a souvenir of their exertions at the other fire. (Laughter.) The minutes were then passed.

GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.-THE OPENING OF PARR BALL.

The MAYOR moved, and the DEPUTY•MAYOR seconded, the confirmation of the minutes which appeared in our tact issue. Councillor WOODS said a slight reference was made in the minutes to Parr Hall, and he would be glad if the Mayor would give the Council some information as to the opening arrangements. It would be a convenience to some of the members if some statement were made as to the opening ceremony. Councillor HEPHERD: Nine shillings for two days. (Laughter.) The MAYOR: The whole proceedings will be adver- tised in the newspapers. The minutes were passed and this brought the busi- ness of the Council to a close. _ . _

Just before the Council seoarated,the Mmron said the members would recPive a letter in the morning from the Town Clerk asking them how many tickets they would require for the openinn ceremony. It was intended that overchody who went should pay. (Laughter.) Even Mr. Parr was pain. Alderman Suwon asked if it was intended the Cor- poration should go in a body.

The MAYOR said the arrangements had been made with Mr. Parr himself. The Corporation were to assemble on the platform and witness the ceremony of Mr. Parr presenting toe deeds. He (the Mayor) would move a vote of thanks to Mr. Parr, and those who had got seats would then retire to the body of the hall where they I could sit by the side of their wives and sweethearts. (Laughter.) After the concert was over they could bring their wives and sweethearts to the Town Hall where they could have a cup of tea and perhaps something stronger. (Hear, hear.) Councillor HEPHERD : You cannot get in without a ticket? _

The MAYOR : No; and after the ceremony is over you can bring your wives and sweethearts here (Town Hall), for a cup of tea and something stronger perhaps. (Elear, hear and laughter.)

===== 0002601_18950907_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE STANDING ORDERS.

0011r1Cil1Or DANI-E—SaeliWd—i-f-the;;;O; laid it down that no questions could be asked on the minutes of the various Committees if the subject matter of the question was not mentioned in the minutes.

.... The Mame said that was not his own ruling. It was what the otanding Orders said, and he had to go by those. _ _ .

DOUECiihr DAVIES : It IS done in other towns. - -

The TOWN CLERK It is not allowed anywhere. Write to the chairman of a committee if you want information aheut a subject not on the minutes. The Standing Orders prohibit the asking of questions on subjects not connocted with the minutes. The subject then dropped, and the Council separated.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LOWER THE RATES 1

Most readers will agree with me in saying, " Yes ; lower the rates; whether it be poor-rates, municipal. rates, or parochial-rates, show me the way to lower them and I will quickly adopt it ! " If this eagerness to lessen financial expense—general rates—is so universal, what must it be when the death- rate is considered? Surely no one would neglect any reasonable chance of lessening the danger of disease—to lower the death-rate. Any means; any agent ; any sug- gestion should be welcomed by all. Still; there is sur- prising apathy on the part of some on this very question. Here we have at hand, within reach of every inhabitant of every town and city in Great Britain, a means, a remedy—Warner's Safe Cure—which has been adopted and tried by thousands, where its timely use has lowered the death-rate and reduced the invalid list: but strange to say many are ailing to-day, who hesitate adopt- ing or trying this safe and sure remedy in the face of this proof ; in the face of thousands of letters from previous invalids, now enjoying good health—unim- peachable testimony of Englisk men and women ; worthy inhabitants of towns and cities from every part of Great Britain. You may ask, " How is it this remedy is so universally successful ?" Easily explained. Nine tenths of all human ailments are caused by diseased kid- neys or liver, and a sure way to cure these troubles is by treating the organs which cause them. Warner's Safe Cure acts directly upon these two organs, and by purifying the source you purify the stream—remove the cause. This medicine has now been before the public nearly twenty years, and reports from all civilized countries show it possesses the power of healing the kid- neys and invigorating the liver. Why not adopt it ? Why should precious time be wasted, and the symptoms which trouble you be allowed to increase, when friends and neighbours assure you it cured them, and in face of the abundant proof of its lowering the death rate?

===== 0002601_18950907_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUGHTON HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY'S ANNUAL EXHIBITION.

The eleventh annual exhibition of the Houghton Her- ticultural Society was held in a large marquee in Myddle- ton Hall Park, on Saturday. The weather was fine but the attendance was not as large as might have been ex- pected. The enciety's district comprises the townships of Houghton, Mydeßeton and Arhury, Winwicic-with- Hulme, Hermitage Green, Orford and Poulton-with- Fearnhead, and the number of entries was about 500, rather more than the number last year. The quality of exhibits was very goad in some of the classes, and the competition was very keen. The Independent Metho- dist Brass Band, Buckley-street, Warrington, played a good selection of music for dancing during the afternoon and evening,snd was conducted by Mr. Joseph Richard- son, and a cricket match was also played in the park between the Winwick Cricket Club and the Cheshire Line Engineers'Crirket Club, Warrington, the totals being Engineers 70. Winwick 21. At five o'clock Miss •Comber distributed the prizes to the successful competi- tors. The judges for the reatest and best cultivated cottseegsrdens. plants.cul• flowers, fruit and vegetables in Classes 1 to 7 were Mr Parker (head gardener at Bank Park), and Mr, Gnodear (gardener at the Cemetery, War- rington),snd fot vegetables in Class 7 and farm produce in Class B. Mr. S. Thomason, Croft, and Messrs. G. Marsh and 3. W. Pennington, Newton ; whilst Miss Comber and the Rev. Canon Penrhvn were the judges of the best collection of plants staged to give the best effect, open to nurserymen and gardeners. The stewards were -Classes 3 and 4, Mr. W. Sweettnve ; 5 and 6, Messrs. P. Lnngton and G. Darbvshire •, Clasa 7, Messrs. J. Col- bourne and I. Howard ; and Class 8. Mr. S. Walker. hhe following is the list of the prizes awarded :- Class 1.-For the neatest and best cultivated large cottage garden over 600 square yards: 1 T. Rutter, Winwick ; 2, W. Riehardson, Orford ; 3, John Holmes, Vitinwick. Class TL-For neatest and best Cultivated cottage garden under 600 serve yards: 1, W. PoveY. Orford :2. C. Pnyey, Orford ; 3, James Higham, Orford. Class 111., cut flowers.-Bluceiet of cut flowers, green- house grown : 1, T. Rutter •, 2, W. Turner. Bouquet of cut flowers, open grown : 1, G. Mather; 2, T. Rutter. Dahlias: 1, T. Hoiehes ; 2, W. Turner. Stocks : 1, T. Rutter: 2, W. Richardson. Asters: 1, W. Turner; 2,11 Hill. Roses (nnen grown) : 1, W. Turner 2, T. Rutter. Gladioli: 1, T. Rutter ;2, Mrs. A Howard. Tierbaneous cut flower : 1, .T. Ingham ' • 2, G. Mather. Special prizes given by Mr. George Andrews, nursery- man, Pa.dgate. Carnations: 1. H. Hill; 2, J. Dean. Picotees :I. Mrs. A. floward.-Class IV. Open class.- Four greenhouse plants in bloom : 1, T. Rutter ; 2, G. Mather. Four greenhouse nlants in foliage 1, Mrs. Beamont; 2, T. Rutter. riur pots of British ferns :1, C. Grounds ;2, G. Mather. Four pots exotic ferns: 1, G. Mather -; 2, T. Ritter. Collection of not more than six plants 1, T. Rutter ; 2, C. Grounds Collection of wit l flowers g.athered by children under 14 years of age: 1, Ada Williams; 2. Maggie Andrews; 3, Willie Howard; 4, Mary Hewitt; 5, Minnie Sweetlnve ; 6. Edith Sweetlnve. Class V., vegetables.-Three table turnips 1, H. Hill ; 2, J. Dean. Four Carrots : 1, Mrs. Beam-est ; 2, H. Hill. Two early cabbages : 1, Mrs. A. Howard • 2, E. Hewitt. Two Scotch cabbages : 1, Mrs. E. Howard '• 2, Williams. Two red cabbages: 1, E. Hewett; 2, Mrs. E Howard. Two savoy cabbages: 1, Mrs. A. Reward ; 2, Mrs. E. Howard. Two curly greens; 1, J. Holmes ; 2, Mrs. Beamont. Two cauliflowers: 1, Mrs. E Alward : 2, T. Rutter. Red or pink celery: 1, E. Hewitt : 2, H. Hill. Two sticks white celery : 1, E. Hewitt ; 2, TT. Hill. Twelve pods Windsor beans ; 1. H. Hill ; 2, J. Toni. Twelve pods long beans 1, T. Rutter ; 2, J. Williams. Twelve pods French beans: 1, H. Hill ;2, Ynud. Twelve pods runner beans : 1, J. Berry ; 2, Mrs. Beamont. Twelve pods DASS 1, J. Berry ;2, Mrs. Segment. Six onions ;1. H. Hill ; 2,3. Holmes. Six shallots : 1,• H. Hill ;2, J. Berry. Best col- lection of vegetables (twelve varieties) : 1, H.Hill ; 2, T. Miller. Two leeks ' • 1. J. Holmes; 2, Mrs. Beamont. Two cucumbers : 1, FLAW ; 2,1. Rutter. Two vegetable marrows : Li. Dean ; 2.T Butter. Six tomatoes : I,Mrs. Beamont ;2, H. Hill. Three parsnips : I,J.Berry ;2, J. Wellfare. Class IV. Three apples for cooking : 1, T. Greenhalgh ; 2.J. Berry. Three armies for dessert : I,J. Berry; 2,1, Shaw. Three apples, Lord Suffield : 1. T. Greenhalgh ; 2,3. Berry. Three pars: 1, T. Turner ;2, T. Miller. Six plums: 1, T. Miller: 2. T. Ritter. Bunch of grapes: 1, Mrs. Flea mont ; Class VII. Cottagers -Best window plant : 1, W J. Howard ; 2, T. Butter; 3, W. Richardson ; 4, W. Harrison ; 5, J. Wellfare ; 6, Mrs. Grice. raree table turnips : 1, H. Hilt ; 2, J. Dean. Four carrots. 1, W. Richardson; 2, T. Greenhalgh. Two sticks of red or pink celery : 1. H. Hill ; 2, W. Richard- son. Two sticks of white celery :1, W Richardson ;2, H. Hill. Two red cabbages 1, W. Richardson ;2, T. Rutter. Two savor cabbages : 1, W. Sweet love ;2, J. Holmes. Two cauliflowers : 1, H. Hill ; 2,W. Richard- son. Two curled greens: 1, W. Sweetlove ; 2, J. Holmes. Three onions : 1, H. Hill ; 2. J. Dean. Three leeks : 1, J. Holmes ' • 2, J. Dean. Six flat potatoes: 1, T. riritch ;2, T. Rutter. Six round potatoes: 1, J. Holmes; 2, T. Britch. Class VIII., Farmers.-One sheaf of wheat: 1, Mrs. A. Howard; 2. Mrs. E. Howard. Sheaf of oats: 1,3. Blackledge ; 2, 3. Howard. Two swede turnips, 1,. T. Bennett ; 2, C, Ribinson. Two long red mangelds : 1. Mrs. E. Howard; 2, Mrs. Stroller. Two yellow rnangolds :1, T. Bennett; 2, Mrs. A. Howard. Six round potatoes: 1, J. Andrews ; 2, 3. Howard. Six flat potatoes: 1, Mrs. A. Howard; 2. T. Rutter. Three half-pounds of butter: 1, Mrs. E. Howard; 2, J Williams. A number of plants. &c., were exhibited by several persons, though not for competition.

The Shahzada left England on Tuesday, and arrived at Calais at six o'clock in the evening.

The recount of the Durham election flffures,which took place on Tuesday, resulted in the majority of Mr. M. Fowler (L) over Mr. A. R. Elliot (C) being increased from one vote to three. There are five votes in dispute, how- ever, which are reserved for the judge's decision, and if all are admitted the result will be a tie.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIED AND PROVED !

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint. Disease of Kidneys, Bladder Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure In Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. lid, of all Chemists, or past free for 12 stamps from HOLROYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Don't he put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box]will be sent next post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
IM.PE [UAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on Friday Mr. CURZDN in- formed Mr. GREENE that the British Minister at Brussels had received an assurance from the authorities of the Congo State that all the documents relating to the ex- ecution of Mr. STOKES should be placed in his hands without delay for transmission home. Asked by Mr. DALZIEL whether the Duke of CArariamaa on his retirement would receive a pension, Mr. A. BAL- FOUR said it was not intended to make special provision from the public funds for the Duke when he relinquished the office of Commander-in-chief. The allowance His Royal Highness was entitled to under the new regulations as a field marshal was £1,300 a year, but under the old regulations he was entitled to unattached pay at the higher rate of £2,200 a year as colonel of the Grenadier Guards. When the House went into Committee of Supply on the Civil Service Estimates in replying to Dr. CLARK, Mr. Curizoia declined to enter upon a discussion of our Egyptian policy before an exhausted and depleted House. On the vote of £20,000 in connection with the cost of constructing a railway to Uganda. Mr. Cuazoir explained the view that the Government had adopted:on the matter. It weuld be absurd,he said, for the Govern- ment to undertake the protectorate of Uganda unless that country had connection with the coast. That obli- gation bad been assented to with readiness by the pre- sent Government, and the action they were now taking could be regarded as an indication that they intended to push forward this scheme with as much energy and force as were at their disposal. The Government had decided that the railway should be constructed the whole way from the ocean to the Lake Victoria Nyanza, a distance of 650 miles. The original estimated cost of £2,240,000 had been brought down to £1,865.000. The Government had resolved to do the work themselves. They had no desire to stint the line or to construct it on any other than a large and generous basis. 'I he railway would carry with it not merely civilisation and com- merce but peace, and he hoped that before the present Government left office the railway would be in daily working order running through a pacified country from the coast to the lake. After some criticism by Sir C. Drum the vote was agreed to. SATURDAY.

- -- - The House of Commons sat on Saturday, and dis- cussed the Army Estimates. On the vote fcr the War Office, Mr. BRODRICK supplemented the statement made the House of Lords by Lord LANSDOWNE with regard to the proposed reorganisation of the War Office. He an- nounced that it was intended to form a Council of National Defence under the presidency of the Lord Presi- dent of the Council (the Duke of DEVONSHIRE), and said that a detailed statement on that subject would be made by Mr. BALFOUR when he was in a position to do so. MONDAY. In the House of Commons on Monday the HOME SECRETARY promised, in reply to Sir C. DILEE, to con- sider during the recess the possibility of legislating re- garding the practice of fining and of making deductions from wages. The House took up the report stage of Committee of Supply, and upon the vote for the Admiralty offices, the First Lord of the Admiralty (Mr. GoscnEN) replied to criticisms offered on points connected with the adminis- tration of the navy. He said it was intended that matters affecting the army and navy should be consi- sidered by a Committee of the Cabinet, with the Presi- dent of the Council at the head; but there was no idea that the Secretary for War or the First Lord of the Admiralty should be put under the control of that Com- mittee. If upon a review of the general defences of the country, the Committee of the Cabinet said enough had not been done, he should bow to their decision; but if the Committee considered that less shauld be done, he should have to consider his position and responsibility to the country. It was now twenty years since he was First Lord of the Admiralty, and the extraordinary con- dition of preparedness of the country now compared with the condition twenty years ago was as astonishing as it was satisfactory. The report of the vote was agreed to. On the vote for Irish national education attention was called by several Irish members to the question of the Christian Brothers' schools. Mr. G. BALFOUR said that while he should approach the subject with the most earnest desire to include the schools of the Christian Brothers in the national system, he considered he was bound by the pledge of his predecessor that in case any rules with that view received the sanction of the Lord Lieutenant the House should have an opportunity of expressing an opinion on them before they were finally incorporated with the rules of the National Education Board.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Mr. BRODRICK, in answer to a question by Mr. Ascaorr, promised to see if any improvement could be effected in the mode of call- ing out the militia for training. Mr. Rom.Es asked for information as to how many of the sixty directorships and trusteeships of public com- panies recently held by twenty-four members of the Government had been resigned by these holders. Mr. Bar... Pone replied that he had no information at his dis- posal, nor did he know how the information could be arrived at without sending round a series of question forms to his colleagues. Mr. CURZON, in reply to Sir E. A. BARTLETT, said that documents of a voluminous nature connected with the execution of Mr. STOKEs had arrived on the previous I day, and until they were thoroughly examined it was impOssihis to say what was the nature of the charges against STOKES and under what circumstances he had been tried. Mr. BALFOUR assured Mr. Lurraxit that the investi- gation into the various proposals for making better pro- vision for the aged poor would not be by a Committee of the House. It would probably be by a Departmental Committee, and, if so, he hoped it would get to work before the next session of Parliament. I In answer to questions by Mr. BOWLES and others,Mr. Conxox said that several communications had been re- ceived from the Turkish Government with regard to I Armenia, the general purport of which had been cor- rectly stated in the press. They could not, unfortun- ately, be considered as satisfactory. The project of a new organisation for the provinces in Asia Minor in- habited by Armenians, suggested by Russia, France, and England in their Joint Note of the 11th May last, had not received official support from Germany, Austria, or Italy. It was believed they were in sympathy with it, and had unofficially advised the Porte to give it favour- able consideratirn. Her Majesty's Government were not in a position to make any declarations as to the course they mi2ht find it necessary to pursue. The HOME SECRETARY said, in reply to Lord HuGu CECIL, that he had en power to order a public inquiry into the case of Mrs. Maybrick such inquiry to be pre- sided over by a judge of the High Court and conducted 1 under judicial forms. WEDNESDAY. • • •

In the House of Com— m"—en—s---(;1—V-Jednesday, when the House went into Committee on the Indian revenue accounts, Lord G. HAMILTON made the usual statement with regard tr the Indian Budget. He said the finance of the year 1894-5 was worthy of close attention. The preparation of the figures took place at a period of great financial denrnssion. The revenue for the year was taken at Rx.so 943.500, and the expenditure was estimated at Rx. 51,245,400. But the exchange fell heavily in the earlier months of the year, and the Indian Government was compelled to cast about in order to obtaitkan equiv- alent, and to have recourse to some old taxes. It assented to cotton goods being included in the Customs duties, and from that source Rx. 354,000 had been received. There could be little doubt that the Chitral operations would be paid for out of the revenue for the year. The salt tax, which pressed heavily on the native population, had now reached its maximum amount, and he would endeavour to see if the tax could be reduced. He referred with batisfaction to the extension of the rail- way and tnlegraph systems, and said that while there was wide scope for the employment of capital in India, railway development was an essential preliminary. Mr. J. BENTON said that what the Lane ,shire manufacturers wanted was to be put on the same footing as their Indian competitors. Mr. A. J. BALFOUR said the late Secretary for India (Sir H. Fowtsta) found it necessary to impose a Customs duty in India. He laid it down in unmistak- able language that if the Customs duty should prove to be of a protective character, then the general system of taxation must be so modified by putting on a counter- vailing Excise duty that that protective character must be wholly eliminated. That gave that fair play to Lan- cashire which Lancashire asked for and he thought that both the country at large and Lancashire in particular might trust the present Secretary for India to carry out the policy which was not his only, hut which had been declared and accepted by both parties alike in that House and in this country. The usual formal resolution was agreed to, and the House adjourned.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.

On Sunday evening last, in the League Hall, Bewsey-street, a very successful meeting was held, presided over by Mr. John Mullins, president. Mr. Mullins announced that Sunday next the Bth inst., the feast of the Nativity of the Mother of Jesus, was the communion day of the members of the League of the Cross, and, every man was expected to be in his place at the 9 o'clock Mass. By the way (writes a correspondent) "it is peculiarly edifying and interesting to dwell on the connection of Mr. Mullins with the League of the Cross and its work. For considerably over twenty years he has been pegging away, quietly, in the most inobstru- sive way promoting, guiding, steering this temper- ance work, teaching by day and by night, not only by his most edifying life, but literally giving to some thousands their elementary and spiritual training. The catholics of Warrington, and in a more special way the members of the League of the Cross can Bever over estimate the valuable work done by this true sob, of the League of Christ's Holy Cross. The hope of all true friends of temper- ance is, that God will bless him with perennial youth and strength to enable him to persevere in all his good works."

===== 0002601_18950907_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

NEWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIATION.—INDIVIDIJAL MERIT COMPETITION.—The second annual werit cornpe- don in connection with the Newton Division Bowling Association, took place on Saturday, on the beautifully , situated green of the Royal Bowling Club, Prescot, in fine weather, the green being in splendid condition. There were 49 entries from the affiliated clubs in the di- vision,and the result of the various competitions was as follows :-Ist, E. Hazeldine (North Ashton), £3 ; 2nd, James Hart (Go'borne), £1 Is. ; 3rd, T. Jones (Got- borne), 10s. ; 4th, J. Pedley, Haydock), 103. LIBERAL CLUB V. HORSE AND JOCKEY.—A bowling match in connection with the Warrington and District Bowling League was held at the Liberal Club bowling green between the above two clubs on Saturday after- noon, and resulted in a win for the Horse and Jockey by 11 points. Scores :

HORSE AND JOCKEY. LIBERAL CLUB. Richardson J Woreley lO J Bennion Hampton W Worsley Dagnall l4 Longshaw Hughes l5 Mitchell Hardman l5 F Jones l3 Brimelow l5 T Lowe l2 Broadhurst l5 A J Jones ll Wells l5 Langley lO Holbrook Curry

Total 160

Total 149

===== 0002601_18950907_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB MAIN.

There were 49 entries at the annual main of bowls in connection with the Conservative Club, which com- menced on Saturday afternoon. The green was in splen- did condition, Mr. Watkins, the manager, having de- voted special care and attention to it during the season. Some capital games were played, but the main was not ' finished, twelve of the players being left in to play next week. Eight valuable prizes were offered. CEMETERY INN v. Butt's FlE&D.—These teams met in the League competition on Satur- day last on the Cemetery Green, the home team beinv victors by a majority of 45 points. Mr. W. Mclntyre, vice-presiident,officiated as referee. Below are given the individual scores : CEMETERY. BULL'S HEAD. T Bolton G Ball (junior) l5 J Weave 6 J Hewitt l5 P Wells ' W Gleave R Farrington E Taylor l5 D Wilcox l4 E Rot hwell T Ellison J. Brimelow (captain) ... 15 E Anderton ii Williams J Allison lO W Bolton W Wood l5 W Shaw

_ Total l7l

Total 126

===== 0002601_18950907_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The 45th anniversary of the above place of worship was held on Sunday, when special services were held in the morning, afternoon and evening. The pulpit was occupied morning and evening by the Rev. W. G. Triggs, the newly-appointed minister, who delivered two excellent sermons. The morning subject was based on Use words" For use to live as Christ," in the evening he took for his text the words, " Behold I stand at the door and knock : if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come into him, and will sup with him and he with me." The evening service was very im- pressive,and Mr. Triggs has already made a most favou- able impression as a preacher. In the afternoon a sacred cantata, entitled "The Miracles of Christ," composed by Mr. T. Mee Pattison, formerly of Warrington, was ren- dered by the choir, Mr. Harrison presiding at the organ. The cantata was very ably rendered, and many en- comiums were passed upon the choir by those who com- posed the auditory. Special mention should be made of the soloists, &c., who performed their duties in a manner which gave great satisfaction. Miss Jeans, Mr. Richard- son and Mr. White took the solos; Miss M. Sherlock,Miss Bennett, Miss Collin, Miss M. Kelly, Mr. Jubb, Mr. Per- kins, Mr. Oilier, and Mr. Taylor, the quartettes; and Miss Rawling and Miss Kelly, the duets. Special offer- tories were made at each service in aid trust fund.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S R.C. CHURCH.

The annual sermons in aid of the Mission of St. Alban's Roman Catholic Church. Bewsey-st., were de- livered on Sunday morning and evening, by the Rev. Father Dubberrey, S.J. There were large congregations throughout the day, and the services, which were of an interesting character, were thoroughly enjoyed. Col- lections were taken at each service in aid of the day schools at St. Alban's, King-st., and St. Benedict's, Orford-lane.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD CHURCH.

Special sermons were preached at Orford Church on Sunday, and collections made in aid of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. The pulpit at the morn- ing service was occupied by the Rev. H. K. R. Hutt, one of the curates at the Warrington Parish Church, and in the evening the service was conducted and the sermon preached by the Rev. Canon Penrhyn.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

SUPPOSED SUICIDE.—A man named Daniel North captain of the canal boats Alderney and Sark, was pro ceeding down the canal on Saturday morning when he found a dark grey serge jacket and a hard felt hat on the canal bank at Bollington, near Lymm. In the pockets of the coat were a heavy silver albert, curb pattern, a tobacco pouch, and an old pocket book,which Contained the words " Fred. Wells, tradesman, late America." The writing appeared to have been recently inserted in the book, and was written in black lead. hi- formation was given to the police, and the canal was dragged for a considerable distance, but nothing was seen until 6.30 a.m. on Tuesday morning,when Abraham Jackson, a canal banksman, saw the body of a man floating in the water near to the place where the wear- ing apparel was seen. The body was taken from the water, when it was found that the deceased had on a waistcoat which was of the same material as the coat found on the bank. The body of the deceased who is a man apparently about 35 years of age, of medium build and dark complexien, was removed to the Swan Inn, Bollinaton. to await inquest and identification. THEFT OF A SKIRT—At the Lymm Police Court, On Saturday morning before Mr. T. P. Norris and Dr. Brabszon, Sarah Ann Downwood, fustian cutter, of Lymm, was charged with having stolen a cotton skirt, value is., and 4d. in copper, the property of Ann Hemp- son, of Lymm, between the 28th and the 30th August.— Complainant stated that the prisoner had been lodging with her for a short time.and on Thurs3ay last she (com- plainant) went out at dinner time, and did not return until seven o'clock in-the evening. Prisoner had mean- while stayed in the house, but at 10 p.m. on the Thursday night she (prisoner) left and did not again return to the house. The coppers, which were in a glass bottle in a cupboard, and the skirt were then missed, the police being at once acquainted with the matter.—Sergeant Garner informed the Bench that prisoner had been 12 times convicted for drunkenness, and once for assault.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 days with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AMERICAN " COW PUNCHER."

" Harper's Magazine" far September contains an in- teresting article by Mr. Owen Wister on " the Evolution of the Cow-Puncher." the Mexican was, says Mr. Wister, the original cowboy,and the American improved on him. These were the days in which he was long in advance of settlers, and when he literally fought his right of way. Along the waste hundreds of miles that he had to journey, three sorts of inveterate enemies in- fested the road—the thief (the cattle-thief I mean), who was as daring as himself ;the supplanted Mexican, who hated the new encroaching northern race ; and the In- dian, whose hand was against all races but his own im- mediate tribe, and who flayed the foot of his captives, and made them walk so through the mountain passes to the fires in which he slowly burned them. Among these perils the cow-puncher took wild pleasure in existing. 'No soldier of fortune ever ventured with bolder care'emsness, no fiercer blood ever stained a border. If his raids, his triumphs, and his reverses have inspired no minstrel to sing of him who rode by the Pecos River and the hills of San Andreas, it is not so much the Ron Roy as the Walter Scott who is lacking. And the Flora Mclvor ! Alas! the stability of the clan, the blessing of the home bark ground was not there. Deeds in plenty were done that are all and more than imagination should require. For example :—One high noon upon the plains tw the Rio Grande the long irons lay hot in the fire. The young 'tattle were being branded,and the gathered herd covered the plain. Two owners claimed one animal. They talked at first quietly round the fire,then the dispute quickened. One roped the animal,throwing it to the ground to burn his mark upon it. A third came, saying the steer was his. The friends of each drew close to hear,and a claim- ant thrust his red-hot iron against the hide of the animal tied on the ground. Another seized it from him, and as they fell struggling, their adherents flung themselves upon their horses, and massing into clans, volleyed with their guns across the fire. In a few minutes fourteen riders lay dead on the plain, and the tied animal over which they had quarrelled bawled and bleated in the silence. Here is skirmishing enough for a ballad. And there was a certain tireless man in Northern New Mexico whose war'upon cattle-thieves made his life so shining a mark that he had in hank five thousand dol- lars to go to the man who killed the man who killed him. A neighbourhood where one looks so far beyond hitt own assassination as to provide a competence for his avenger is discouraging to family life, but a promisinz I field for literature. The cow-puncher is still to be found in New Mexico, his last d. main. Three things swept him away—the exhausting of the virgin pastures, the coming of the wire fence, and Mr. Armour, of Chicago, who set the price of beef to suit himself."

===== 0002601_18950907_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADES UNION COAGRESS.

The Trade Unions Congress was opened on Monday afternoon at Cardiff, when the Mayor, on behalf of the Corporation and inhabitants, gave a hearty welcome to ' the delegates. Mr. Holmes, chairman of the Parliament- ary Committee, announced that there were 344 duly , elected delegates present, representing upwards of one million workers. It was agreed to defer the debate on the new standing orders until next day. The rep )rt of the Parliamentary Committee was presented. Mr. John Jenkins, president of the Cardiff Trades Council, was . appointed president.

The Trade tiniens Congress resumed its sittings on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. Jenkins, who delivered the presidential address. Referring to the advent to power of the Conservative party, he said that, without prejudging the intentions ot the Government, the Congress should net fail to impress upon Ministers the claim of the organised workers of the country to remedial legislation. As to the Independent Labour candidates, the result of the recent elections showed that the trade-unionist voters repudiated them at the polls. Whatever might have been their intentions, the eff-ct of the Independent Labour party's campaign was to defeat candidates most in sympathy with the Labour movement and to convert the term " Labour Candidate" into a byword and a reproach. He recommended the unions to endeavour to obtain by voluntary effort an eight-hour day, feeling assured that the success of that effort would anticipate by many years the conversion of Par lament to their views. A discussion, which occupied the remainder of the day, took place on the resolution moved by Mr. J. H. Wilson, M.P., by which ttu Parliamentary Committee were censured for having, as was alleged, exceeded there instructions by making the new standing ordert applicable to the present Congress. The announce- ment by the President that voting would be by repre- sentation and not by show of hands gave rise to a scene of much excitement and contusion, and in the end Mr. ilson's resolution was declared to he lost, there has. ing voted against it a representation of 604,000, and in its favour one of 357,000—the majority against being 247,000.

At the Trade Unions Congress on Wednesday a long discussion toek place on the report of the Parliamentary Committee. A resolution was passed regretting that the Government had not seen their way to pay trads union rates of wages in all cases. Mr. Macdonald (London) proposed a resolution expressing regret that the Parlia- mentary Committee had not promoted legislation to carry out the Collectivist resolution passed by the last Congress. This was defeated by a large maj )rity. A pro- posal to strike out from the report words attributing the breaking up of the working class vote to the action of faddists "in their own body was also defeated. The report as a whole was ultimately adopted. Mr. Thorne (London) moved a resolution, which was passed, calling for the establishment by law of a general eight-hour day, mines only being excepted. A resolution calling for an amendtnent of the Employers' Liability Act so as to pre- vent contracting out and to bring all trades and indus- tries on land or sea within its provisions was unanim- ously passed, as were also others calling for the abolition , of the House of Lords and the amendment of the law of , conspiracy, and urging the Government to hold an autumn session for the special purpose of at once find- ing employment for the unemployed.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

FALL FROM SCAFFOLDING.—A joiner named Norman, belonging in Latchford, met with a serious accident on Saturday at Manchester. tie was engaged on some buildings being erected by Mr. C. W. Davenport, builder, Stockton Heath, when by some means he over- balanced himself and fell from the scaffolding to the ground, sustaining severe injuries to the head. Ele was removed to the Infirmary. The scaffolding was after- wards inspected and found to be perfectly secure,' arid the mishap to 1\ orman can only be regarded as a punk accident.

APPLETON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. On Friday evening the monthly meeting of the Apple- ton Parochial Committee was held in the London Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath, under the chairmanship of Mr. Joseph Knowles. Tnere were also present—Messrs. W. Coppock. F. Pearson, Hugh Derbyshire, John Fledgcock, T. Hampson,John Derbyshire, Ashton Hayes,aond C. W. Davenport,with Mr. John Ashton (clerk),and Mr. William Farrington (sanitary inspector).—The Clerk read two letters with regard to the need for an improved water- supply. Mr. Robert Davies wrote thanking the Commit- tee for their attention, and saying that after the assur- ance of the Warrington Corporation he thought the re- solution of the Committee, " That no action be taken at present," was all he (Mr. Davies) could expect. The other letter was from Mr. Thomas Hall,who said that he understood the committee had decided not to rake any action because some members had been told that the Warrington Corporation intended, in the near future, to give a better supply. Continuing. Mr. Hall remarked that for five years their complaints had been laughed at by the Water Companv,and later by the memberr or the Water Committee of the Corporation. The supply was diminishing year by year, and it had now become so in- termittent and deficient that it was a mockery to call it a supply. He thought that further correspondence with the Corporatiam was a waste of time, and suggested the formulating of some scheme for a supply which might Induce the Corporation to consider it more earnes'ly,aee- ing that they would not care to lose the revenue from Appleton.—The Clerk, replying to Mr. Pearson, said the Committee would have to ask the District Council to formulate a scheme for a supply ; they (the committee) eould not do this. The Pawn Clerk of Warrington had assured them that they would endeavour to improve the supply.—Some discussion ensued, and finally it was de- cided, on the motion of Mr. Pearson, seconded ha Mr. Ashton Hayes, that the Corporation be asked what they proposed to do towards trying to improve the supply. The Clerk read a letter referring to the pollution of the river, which, he said, had bean submitted to the last meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Coancil. This letter appeared in full in the "Examiner,'and desceibed the condition of the river as simply unbearable, and,fur- ther, that the Acting Conservator of the Mersey :as be- ing communicatei with in order that the sluice might be re-opened.—The Clerk reported that in accard ince with instructions from the District Council he had written to the Town Clerk that the Rural District Coun- cil hardly liked at present to enter into the question of joining with his authority in undertaking to construct the sewer for taking the sewage from Stockton Heath into the borough sewers.but urged him to press upon the Manchester Ship Canal Co.or the Conservator of the Mer- sey the necesaity for re-opening the sluices under the new road at Wilderspool, as they were advised that if this were done the nuisance would be to a great extant abated.—lt was resolved that for the present no furth2r action be taken in the matter.—Mr. Pearson said that As the nights were now drawing in, the question of more efficiently lighting the Grappenhall-road ought to be considered. It was very necessary that more lamps should be placed in the road. After some further discuaa skin, Mr. Pearson moved that the Corporation be re.• quested to light tha lamps on the same terms as before, and that Messrs. Davenport and Hampson meet the officials of the Corporation and point out where the lamps should be fixed.—On the.minutes being brought before the meeting of the Ruecorn Rural Council on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Baxter, C.C., referred to the state of most of the new streets at Stockton Heath, and, said it was hardly possible to go up them.—The minutes were passed.

A boat accident by which three lives were lost is re- ported from Cemaes, a small watering-place on the Ang- lesey coast, near Arrdwch., On Wednesday afternoon an open sailing boat in charge of two coastguardsmen was- in the act of jibbing when it was capsized by a F.uddett gust of wind, and the occupants, seven in number, were thrown into the water. Twoladies who were amongst the passengers were rescued, snd the coastgusrdsmen also escaped with their lives; but the other three—two ladies and a gentleman, all from Liverpool—were drowned,

"The most marvellous soap of the age for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious. washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cures Rheumatism. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington, N.B. PBRCIVAL and Co. Sole Maker, F. L. BABTELT Reynaham, Bristol."

" DID SHE ? "

" Yes. she went back home to him from her mother's that very night, for he just sent her a little packet o' tea and wrote on • Come back, Ruth, and I'll stick to this.' And that bit o' Brooke, Bond's tea-wrapper has looked out of the corner of the old clock's lace ever since, for sixfeen years, reminding 'em every time they want to see What's o'clock. Yes, Bathe husband did stick to his promise, and for sixteen years they've been the h ppiest couple in the county, and, every time they see a Bn oke, Bond packet, they just bless it as the good old peace- maker. Now I don't mind telling you as that young man was me : and Ruth, bless her. good heart, has gone rourd with our two youngest kids, to the Agent's for the usual quarter-pound. This little bit of real life t-lls its own tale and you will pick up its moral when you buy your next packet o' BROOKR, BONDS'. Our Agents are everywhere and sell the sort Ruth likes beet at Is. Bd, a lb., but we have other sorts from Is. to 2s. Bd., and so we suit everybody's purse.

e e-'44 • OAP: •

===== 0002601_18950907_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
IROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17. PICCADILLY, 29, MAltlier STREET I.I4"CHESII R

===== 0002601_18950907_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0-r +.l.):it

===== 0002601_18950907_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
`

===== 0002601_18950907_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ismaiimia

===== 0002601_18950907_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tiL be " Cyamtner "

===== 0002601_18950907_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coining under the following heads are inserted In ALL th above mentioned Papers for 0191 i CHARGE, asper scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMEN'TS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WAN ED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONEY WANTED, I'EDIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, 31 ISCELLANEOI.7B WANTS, HOUSER AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Sin Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
IBointstit Otroants, szt.

COOK.—WAATED early in October, a good plain COOS; Addresa.--Mas. DICKSON, Springfield. Chester.

WANTED, street', active p.rsen as GENERA L SER- V/AM.—Apply Mrs. SHILITO, Manor Farm, Garfurttt. Leeds.

WANTED a respectable GENERAL to wash and rook; aize 20 to 24.—80wE ~ 9, Union Terrace, Cheetharn Hill, Manchester.

WANTED, respectah:e GIRL to assist in housework; sna<fll family —B, ROYLE STI EET, Egerton-road, Fal- lowfleld, Manchester.

WANTRD, strong GIRL, 16 to 18, from country pre- ferred, w tges 36 •no family.--1 0 STOI,I THECE,GibbOIS• lit.. Bradford-rcad, Manc.hester.

WARTBD NURSF-CHI. Dor adopt with small pre- mium, (rod home.- -Apply A oams,3.orchard Houses, Orchard-street. Lincoln.

WANTSD Strone GENERAL, over 20 good wages, ;rood ter charac indispensab c.—Sfro. HADFIELD, Ribble View. Ormekirk.

wANTED, MINTER/IL SERVANT, respectable, 18 to 25. able to wash and plain cook must have good Character.—Apply 5. ABBEY-GROVE, Eccles, Manchester.

IVARTS° at onee a Gv od regpeetab'e GIRL." about 20 years of age. as nurse for one baby ( 3 months old) good home protestant, •' Wave Crest" SANDHICYS AVENUE, Waterloo.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, 16. family of three, washin4 at h ,me good place to clean, honest, obliging COuntry girl.—Address Or apply 7. VRFURD-STREET, Waver- tree, Liverpool.

OENERAL (from 20 to 24) WANTED for private hola,. for w • family with to boys, must have good character.— Address, stating w ges, Mae. MiiLLER, .76, Station-road South Shore, Illatltpool.

GIRL Want.-d. 16 or 17, for fArmhluse ; clean and respect- able ; nJ outside work ; no children ; goad home, good reference required Ap,•ly Mrs. JAMES W aALLEi Park-road Hall. near Altrincham, Cheshire.

WANTED. GE‘ A TERL SERVANT, Age 18 to 25 ProViet- ant, able to wash, phin cook, and have good pers reference ; good wages to a suitable person, no yonag cbild ren —Apply Mrs. 11.. 97. MULORAVE-ST.. Liverpo .1.

MALE and FMALH NIJItSkB r 2: TITIITIoN, 7. Hope- street, Liver pool.—Bstabt stied 1878.—For reliable A' tendants Diental. Medical and 11401,t1A3 Nurses, MRSVIVI apply or telegr pb.---. Nurses," I iverpool. ge!epbone 570

Co bt Let.

1313/41KBUI. COTIAGES, 21,8 d. per week.

UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town.

MARKET GATE.-3-Storey WAREHOUSE : £l5. Suit 1 Plumber or Painter, U.—Apply Mr. Rosser LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gas.e.

29 BUTTERMXREET-STREET.-large SHOP and 9 Yard; EY) —Ay Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Warrington.

QBHOYLB--.TRBRT.—Good 6-Room HOITSB. newly , decorated, 48. per week.—Appi,, Mr. ROBE ,LT LOWE, Betate Agent, Market Gate, Warrington.

OLIVER-STRUF.T.—Large gOU•4It, suit.,ble or lodging- house; 6, per week.—Apply Mr. ReWERT LOWE. listate Agent, Market Gate.

15 PACr-STRENT.—G od HOUSU, 4 bedrooms. tybie 9 entrance, ; MO.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. Market Gate.

Apply, ROBERT Lows. Fi,t4te Agent, Nlarket Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

GOOD GRAZING. cheap.—ply W. Mitts, 2 George- street, off Bewsey-ro.cl. Warrington. 7Good

To . WO oIC SOP. orfoni-st. —Apoiv /UHT° and WOODS. Solicitors, Horeetnarket-st., Warrington.

) LET. —Good H fIITSH. 37. Hopwood-street. 3 bedoooms Apply ASHTON and WOODS, colicitor, Horsemarket-al. Warrington.

TJRWki.L HILL ov-Tinolcin.! the Dee. a deta, hfai COT- TAGS TO LIM furnished, or woul I be SOLD.—Fox, Penlea, Heswalt.

A HOUSE TO BR LET Leith Villas. Kniitsford-r.AO, Grapennsll, four bedrooms rent Ea.—A. ply JAME- B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

HOUSR TO LET. 126 Wil.derwool-road. Warrinotcn, 4 be iroome, drawing-ronm. dining-room, kitchen scullery. &0., rent £l6. Immediate possesaton.—Apply at 212. Wilderapool

1-road.

QTOCKT(II4 WrilATll.—H Ives composed of four beiroorns. 1.0 two sitting rooms, bath-room, wO, kitchAn, c Pte. Rent £l9 10s. Also good bays at ss. per weak.—BosTocx Wilderspool, Warrington.

'ro 814 TAT. Han‘on Firm, Ritnate neer D.lph. Saddle- A wo,th. and w,t,hil miles o• Oldham, ecy,tain nz Ir, the wh,lp 29 acres or thereabouts. wool M 80W sind pmt. Ind ; tarn an.l hole b9ilcling‘ !rt gonei lit•Brimat, biache ,te Iklll,s. 1),-101, near Oldh sm.

- Fr"l trT, trOUIPS in CATWEIIIIE TERRACB RtgIITSFORD ROXE WARRIN'GTOY. Bay win- dow., front gard4n., parionr. Fitche 1. sonllery and 3 1,1- rooms. Rent 6e 3d.-ply Mrs. Srinaup 161, Winwick St.. Warrington.

lIO'S bemntified to be LET, Primrose Hill, Burt onwool, cord:titling two entertaining vxyn s, Tour bedroom+. t itebea, larder, mated& w ,sbhouie stable aid large gardm ; rent £lB per year.—Applv Mr. W. FAIR. CLOtTflq. Broak Firm Burtonwaod. Warrington, or Mr. T. LATIIIER. CO Mnis3loll. Agent, 69. Cross-lane. liarlestown.

721antai.

•

G.OOD PARNINGS AT 110 MP, by the HArrison lin'tting Machines - U?PER BROOH-STRIMT, Manchest^r.

-4G,

Awrs WANTED tn push first, c'sss Machine-7 Oils. Litternt Commission.—Box 31, Pest Office. 1.1-!rpool.

WANTIAD tiousss REINTS.and ACCOUNTS to ("111e, t.— J. WAIMMITIC, Estate Agent, 119 Marley-street, Warrington.

3Pottls, i)pbrofs, Moat bin Ootabg. BowNp.ss, WINDSBMBEE, Albert Hotel. P ,rtles catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Neu the lake.—R. DARWICK, Proprietor.

HGYLAKB Private Boarding Heuse ; sea air, golf; late dinner ; moderate terms ; week ends; half-hour from Liveipool ;ne3r links and statiou.--14, DRUMMOND-ROAD.

AMSEY, ISLR OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BO RD 11 I G ESTABLISHMENT. facing sea; near pier; tennis courts, golf, Sm. Table d' Rote 7. Tariff.

OpartmentoljurntOrb 3ENtists, Scr.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; one minute from 6tation.--31Rs. HICXEY. 137, Talbot-road, corner Cook son-street.

BLACKPOOL VISITORS can get COMFORTABLE A r'CO MMODATION at Mrs. JOWETT'S. 118, Albert- road, public or private rooms, write early for beds.

MISS PLIMMER, Eydal House. 18, Great Marton-road, Blackpool, near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

COLWYN and NORT WALES COAST. For Furnished H houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

Etbv&torit, Szr.

_ AGENTS Wanted to sell " Importer's Blend " packet Toes. eGfte!e; Pplentii,l profits ; quick return • ; f.rice list free, --STocx AND Co„ lit, Lambeth'. London, S.H.

,'OBkCCT4 eommencinv. I I'd, Guld (259 pas) 3d.—TorticcotusTs• Co.. 186, Roston-mg-I 1.0 rion ID:.013-fitters tor nil trsties.— Mansger. ITY. MirrKs, list. 1886;

NvANTBD. Ur °mortals CaItHTAHRR. HAHLHSIOWN visriticv SCHOOL. Salviry £34, Including allow- ances.—Apply irnatrdisteiy, Headmaster, ALFRED DROWN, _ 49, Ntarket-street. Arlestown.

AGENTS WANT D by a Popular Vriendly Society tbrougliunt Lancaalre ; eneevirul men appointed District, !danagers at .arly datPa —Address in ocntidence, m10,1.0E1(.041'8 OE FIELDING 168 Frog-Inne. Wigan.

eIIVIL and Eleetri +al En,ineering.—Vaesnev for Pulpit in 14, J the Office of the Engineer ant Surveyor to the Bar. Routh District Connell ; sewer,ge waterworks, &e. ; pr par, Dan or professional examinatioia.- Address Mr. T. BLACK- BURN, eivit engineer. Dart: outh, North Wales.

------' WANTED. for a larg,, chemical works In T anewhire a thoroughty exnerienc-d FORENE I.N for Sulptoirie Acid manufalture. Ittlis be capab'e of taking ant ro rhar.re of acid plant, consuming 121 tons ore per week. Ttet )t,iler preferred. Liberal wages given for thorou_hlv efficient man. —Addre4s, stating a e, eXperience, working result• ~btained. and references. to " Cliem'cip," Examiner Office, Warrington.

MARROWFAT PEAS RICE MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL. OAT HU ,RS. OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UNDECORTICAT ED COTTON CAKE. SAMPLES AND PRICII.S FROM RICHARD ATKINSON k CO.. U. DRURY-LANE, LIMPOOL

••••-•-• CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES. A SELECTION OF HIGH-CLASS MACHINES TO BE SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST. V Triumphs." " Raleighs." " Sparkhrooks," "Trento," " Flying Wheels,"' New Rapids," it.e., An. MUST BE CLhARED. NO isEASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. CALL AND INSPECT FOR YOURSELVES. Purchasers should not fail to avail themselves of the excep tional Bargains we are now offering. ALL MACHINES GUARANTEED. Cash or Hire Purchase. Prlets from £7 7s. TSB JOHN GRIFFITHS CYCLE CORPORATION. LIMITED, 0, CASTLE-STRUT. LIVERPOOL.

'IIHE EXAMNER, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 7, 1895

FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, "THE PANIHEON. GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. -VURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE 3Y BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL OARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE AND SHOOLBRED.

RESULT OF THE GENERAL ELECTION. The success of Lord Salisbury or the ratan. to power of Lord Rose- bury, let us hove, will cause a revival in trade. A strong Government with a working majority should reform abuses In trade, which require a strong remedy. We would recom- mend that extortionate rates of interest by money-lenders should be made illegal. Worsh- s, of "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester, have proved conclusively that a large trade may be successfully carcied on by means of Deferred Payments, that c-edit may be given to respectable buyers wishing to Furnish without charging a penny above the cash price charged for the goods. As the Pioneers of the high- class Second-hand Furnishing Trade, they are able to supply thoroughly good. sound, seasoned Second-hand Furniture at half the price of new, and gave credit in addition, thereby saving from SOW 100 per cent, as contrasted with the Hire System:._

WORSLEY'S advertise lists of bargains each week, any of I which may be had on deferred payments without a penny extra above the advertised cash price, and in addition 114,a a stock unrivalled in England of good Second-hand Furniture at "The Pantheon," a large and palatial warehouse in Gaythorn, where anyone and everyone is invited to inspect. If you wish to furnish on Deferred Payments write to Worsley's for a list of furniture about the price you wish to go to, and contrast it with the list you get elsewhere, then visit Worcley's. see for yourself the enormous nifference in the value and quality. Worsley's can honestiy give double the value over any competitor iu the trade.

THE GuitATEBT BARGAINS IN THE WORLD%

COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid House of „Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in bas relief; has comfortable couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table ton ateh. extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs on patent castors; a handsome Per lan boreered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting' am lace curtains; and last, whidi is thrown in gratis and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do. simply for an adver- tisement, a handsome Americen walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style, to maich the dining-room suite. The Bedroom Suite is solid Cyprus wood ring is a suite which can be highly recommended. guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and ena.r oiled bedstead, with complete fittliiga of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, etc. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, ashpan. and top bar, floorcloth for kitchen, landing, and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferri d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you Approve buy, if you don't there is no harm cIone.—WORSLEY 'S.

Lot 2. A Splendid House of Furniture for £4O, solid oak and walnut, heavy massive furniture throughout, in capital condition, worth £BO. dining-room, two bedrooms, kitchen. hall stairs, and landing ; a great batwtin. Lot 3. A wrorkingman' House Of Furniture for £l5 ; a splendid bargain. There is better stronger, and more furni- ture in this lot than many competitors offer for £3O. Lot 4. The best House of Furniture for £63 ever offered. Same quantity as Lot E, but higher class, except that we are prepared, as an advertisement, to present a pianoforte with this lot or its va'ue. This offer holds good for 14 days only. Lot 5. And last, but not least, we have a magnificent House of Furniture, deposited by the executors of a deceased gentleman. of Alderlev, with us for immediate disposal. Price for the lot, £2OO. Contains superb furniture for draw- ing, dining, sitting, and three bedrooms ; kitchen. h .11, slams. landing ; be,idei sundries ; honestly worth £5OO, Full and comple' e particulars on application.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITU R LOT 113. A remarkably handsome carved oak Dining- room Suite, in morocco, hair stuffed, bo,d, massive, an haidsorne ; couch, two easys, six chairs, six-feet sideboard. eight-feet dining table, fine bold overmantle, coal caldnet, the lot complete for £45; worth £2OO. —WO tISLEY'S. Lor 212. A capital solid American Walnut Dining-room Suite, in best English Morocco, hair stuffed througout, the framework is hravy, magnificently carved In bas relief, consists ot broad comfortab‘e couch, pair of luxuriously up- holsteredeasy chairs, a set of six high-padded back standard single chairs, all upholstered in a rich wine-coloured turkey grain Morocco, beautifully banded and studded, cost £7O ; price £l5 155., guaranted for 10 years. The sideboard is of nob'e proportions, of modern design, well equipped with every molern,convenience, early English design, fitted with broad SeePlresit bevelled edge mirrows of great lustre and brilliancy, cost £65, for 16 guineas. A massive handsome Dining Table, £3 10s. ,cast £l2 108., and Overmantle, which matches the sideboard, for £5 10a,. wcrth £25. All the above in splendid conditien.—WOßSLEY'S. LOT 251. A heavy handsomely-carved Dining Room Suite In Oriental saddlebags, a full suite of nine pieces, together with magnificent couch and easy chairs ; honestly worth £45, for 10} guineas.—WOßSLEY'S.

LOT' /61. Ifxcellent Spanish Mahogany and Mesrolco lining Room Suite, nine pieces complete; cost £.50, for 8 guineas.—WOßSLEY'S: . .

-ov,r 200 Dining-room Suites on view, from £2 to £500; over 200 Sideboards, from 355. to I% uuineas ; over 300 Dining Tables, from 15s. to £2O ; over 400 Ovi rmantles, all shapes. styles, and size, from Bs. 6d, to £3O.—WORSLEY'S. Inspection invited.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNI- TURE.

Lot 517. A pretty Drawing-room Suite, Chippendale, of unique design, being Exquisitely carved and inlaid, forming a charming recherche suite, covered in delicate silk tapes- try, consists of suite, cabinet, overmantel, cud cabinet, and three occasional tables. The lot for £45, or will be sold separate. A great bargain; well worth £lOO. lot 521. Handsome Drawing-room Suite, carved, Empire style splendid settee, two easys and six oc,lasional chairs, in art shade of Gent a velvet, cost £6O, tor £l5 15s. Cabinet to match_Suite,_cost £6O, for £l7 les.

Lot 526. Very excellent Drawing-room Suite, cost £2O, for £3 156.

Over 500 Drawing-room Suites and Cabinets on Show.

GREAT BARGAIN§ IN BEDROOM SUITES,

Lot 7759. High-class Second-hand Bedroom Suite.by Henry Ogden and :sons, Spanish Mahogany, consisting of 'Bt. Spanish mahogany wardrobe, rich in colour, modern fittings, worth £75, for £3O. Pair of the handsomest stands to match In Manchester ; dressing table Sit., washstand 4ft. 6in, for 181 guineas. worth V 5. . _ . _

Lot 791, .a grand Pedroom Suite by Todd. in American walnut richly and protusely carved in bas relief ; a suite greatly admired. Ward!"Obe is a masterpiece of design and workmanship. beautifully finished inside with modern con- veniences. Dressing fab'e is mounted with large swing bevel- led mirror and jewel drawers. Washstand fitted with Carrara marble slab and back, three chairs, towel tail, end table de nuit complete, a very charming and effective suite ; price only 18 guineas; worth trebIe.—WORSLEY'S. Lot 782. A similar Suite to Lot 791, same number of pieces for 10 gulieffs ; cost £35. WORSLIIICS. A wonderful bar- gain. Lot 793. A genuine Sheraton Bedroom Suite, 6ft. 81n.,cost £250, for £59 15s. ; a real gem, worth seeing, first come, first served.—WORSLEY'S, Lot. 863. Maghificent Second-hand Pollard .Oak Bedroom Suite. The handsomest Suite in Manchester. Fine massive wardrobe. the panels beautiful'y decorated in richly-figured wood, splendid c-vstal mirrors. ,resing-table and washstand torn:itch. very unique design ; three chairs. toweLniil, and table de milt • very costly ; worth 100 guineas ; for £35; Wardroffe worth £5O alone. . . _ .

- Lot F9l. American Ash Be Iroom Suite, cost £75, by Hud- son, £22. Similar to lot 863. Lot 897. Spanish Mahotisny Wardrobe, break front project- ing eentre door. ve,th full length crystal bevelled mirror. wings lined, bonnet drawers, four brava, th-ee long drawers In centre, two hvge hanging rompartments in the wings,very bmdsome. for £l5 15s. ; worth £6O.

sisCOND - HAND PIANOFORTES • FOR SALE. SPLENDID INSTRUMENTS. . IMP MUSIC-SELIERS' PRICES. WORSLEY'S. GAYTHORNR. •-•:\NCHESTER.

Lot 1. Magnificent Collard and CellArd Upright Grand PIANOFORTN, £l5 ; cost £55. Spi:ndid condition. Lot 2. Very powerful tone PIANOFORTE. equal to new. by Ballingad. £6 10s. ; coA £35. Lot 3. Kindsome Burr Walnut PIANO, by Nutting and Addison, for £8 : cost £4IB.—WORsLEY'S. Lot 4. A great bargain in a Broadwooth PIANO, £18; worth £5), Lot 5: Magnificent powerful tone Upright Granrt PIANO- FORTH, by Hocbling and Spangenburg. £3O ; wortb 90gs. Lot 6. Almost new Neurolyeer Full COTTAGB GRAND, £2B. Agreat bargain. Lot 7. Beard COITAGE, £35; cost £loo. WORSLEY'S

II ALL PtillNlTtililT of fumed oak. consists of a very handsome hall stand, fitted with hat and overcoat hooks of repou,se brass. also large bevelled mirror in centre, with square framed umbrella and stick holders. also two hall chairs to mstch ; the set complete £6 lOs.. worth 1:23. WORSLEVS. Geythorn.

MAGNIFICENT Solid Oak Cylinder DESK, cost £3O, for £l2. American Desk, cost £2O, for £9; also Scotch Bureau, £B. Mahogany Bookca,e, 7tt., £lO, cost £5O. Miler's Safe, cast £2O, for £6. Thousands of Miscellaneous Bargains at WOUSLEI'S.

MISCELLANEOUS BARGAINS. Lot 821. A solid mahogany Couch, in hair, cost £4. for 154. lot 834. Solid Mahogany Basy Chair, in hair, for 15s. cost £3. Lot 841. A fine solid mahogany Sofa, in hair. for 30s. Lot 85t. A splendid mahogany Dresser, with plate-glass sideboard back, beautifully designed. with shape bevelled plates, the handsomest .in Lancashire, worth £25, for £ll 10s. Lot 854. A fine Mahogany Dresser, similar to lot • 853, for £6 10s.•, another £8 16s. Lot 921. A splendid painted Dresser, all enclosed, seven drawers and cupboard and solid 2-inch top, for £1 12e. Lot 935. A splenciid polished Mahogany Dresser, with carved back, for £3 101. Any of the above on deferred payments.

TxT B. WORSLEY, v v • THE PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. Gioia to Central Station.) Open livery Day, 9to 7.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
liaigteUantous.

FOR SALE.—COUNTRR, good, 7ft. 9in. by 2ft. 3in.— Apply F. " Examieer " Office, Rarlestown.

GOLF BALLS re-made and guaranteed. Returned 2s. per d z. Huhn akabletquhs, the cheapest and best in the trade. Hole cutters, tins, flags, &c.--W.tooorr, Musselburgh.

ON SALR, MANURB WORKS. Widnes. and Gas Works and Cotton MM. Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwick -street, Liverpool.

VO OF SALE, 5 HOUSES,Frances-ttrrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Union-st., Warrington.

KIRKLASD BROS. BAKERS TO THE QUEEN, HAVE REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO TUB BOT 3 0:k1 LOLD-STREE r, LIVERPOOL. K IRT b A N D BR 0 S., Purveyors to the Queol by Royal Appointment, Have decided to use the FAMOII3

p rp GOLDEN ILP 1 EA. THIS TEA HAS BREN SOLD AS HIGH AS £lO PER LB, And notwithstanding that the cost will be very great Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Tee Mer- chants, Beld-street, Liverpool, have been instructed to procare ehe Finest Teas In the market regardless MMus.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
iNatinnerp, &1., on Oatt.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
p-- ORTABLE ENGINES, from 2to 8 h.-p. from £2O each; also Eight Threshing Machines and Elevators ; Trite- tion Engines, 6 and 8 h.-p —Addre FOLET EROS., Bourne.

X

SUN INSURANCE 17010FFICE, FOUNDED SUM INSURED IN 1894.-£393,622,400.

Forall partisulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J R.Piolinsere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55.Horsemarket-street. Messrs. Velsey and Worthington,2l Xing-street Ur. 11. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

STOP ONE MOMENT.

x

"Oh dear. Doctor, what will you recommend for my Childron's Cough. and Cold. ? " TRY.

TUDOR LLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never falls to glve instant relief and does not contain Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia. ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE

===== 0002601_18950907_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST WRAITH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation, and are especially etposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. Is cures for One Shilling when rounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I _ . .

If you lave a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold. try it ; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth ar t comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lost nights of rest,

READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY" PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bunged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Homey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date it triOk les into all the system. Atrue friend, prompt and reliable in its Action.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST -ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS. PLTNINT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you tO purchase somrthing else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. 'Thousands of Testimonials to hand from. all parts of the World.

READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR

CONSIDERATION.

Sia.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Roney has proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as us cough or n cold mein its appesrance a dose of Tudor's lialsam Is at once administered, end his treatment is fo:lowedttp, until the cold disappears. Before using the Bilsiktn in our family the Children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by tilting doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more.

WALT &H. J. BRUTT, Headmabter Severa Tunn

March 16th, 1892.

READ ON STILL FURTHER. A. Cardiff Chemist says :—I have larger aales for no° William's Balsam of Honey than any other Con), Cur( , That's the opinion of all chemists.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World in is. id, 2s 9d, 1,,•1 4s 6d bottles. Sarnpl... bat les sent post paid for is 3l s, and ss, from the Inventor. D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L., MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

"

v 1

P-RokpntrasT, MT., Mr. JOHN 131:TENS MP. 41:14 Mr. KIER HARDIE rom acting as delegates will be of ultimate benefit to the Congress. It Will certainly detract from the interest and Pi clualleY of the debates and it will, sa far as the Congress is concerned, deprive trades unionists (4 111 e services of some of the ablest and most ketive men in the labour movement.

BUDAPEST, the capital of Hun- Latest jehveelovraeiat. gary, can claim that it is the centre of a remarkable develop-' *eat of the methods of transmitting news. A. Itle over two years ago there was established in at city a " telephone " newspaper,that is to say, 3:llaewBpaper for the production of whi ch neither thiaerY, paper, ink, or even compositors is it4'ed• The "Telephone Hirmondo," for that is narne, may be described as a " spoken " news- For the small charge of a penny a day the t_ntributor is supplied through the telephone itit4r°lllllalf-past eight in the morning till eight or it 6 o'clock at night with the news of the day as mi4rtives at the central office. While the writer ,c), Fives an account in one of the London papers iv‘als latest product of nineteenth century haven- ell,93B) was dressing at his hotel, a servant irt:'aed at the door of his room and asked if he nted the telephone newspaper, as it would to speak directly." He was then with two receivers each about of a pocket watch and attached cords. Promptly at half - past messages began to come through the the day's work of the newspaper corn- "lt began," we are told, "by trans- the telegrams received in the night from and America, in; a clear sonorous tone, from the nasal twang of the ordinary This went on till a quarter to nine, rl iteahn followede s, the daily calendar with news, and the list of strangers who at Budapest up to the previous At nine, official news, contents of the gazette, &c., were given. From a quarter In a quarter past ten came a review of and Budapest morning papers; from a Past ten to half-past ten, reports on the of the stock and corn exchanges, from ten to eleven local and ecclesiastical lth theatrical, art, and science notices. Past eleven to half-past eleven brought Provincial, and sporting information; half-past eleven to a quarter to twelve arrived from the Vienna stock and corn ; with all sorts of military, court, and 'items. Early in the afternoon, when the of the Reichstag begins, the Parliamen- is supplied every ten minutes. The in telephonic communication with the and it often happens that important from Ministers and Members are known th 6 Public while the speaker is still addressing ia °llse. In this orderly way the programme littettrried out until late in the evening. The ita t rePorts from the Stock Exchanges, as well o ty reign political news, are heard before AottpaPer has printed them, and a short atY of all important items is given thoeennen; and again in the evening, for may have missed any of them." to bscribers of this newspaper are not limited e,.06 aewa of the day. In the evening the wires ts, !fleeted with the opera-house and the music ktao aandd the n ---n,tapestians may sit at home at st,ll ,enJ°Y some of the best music of the day. ays they can listen to the service and the l'acw at any of the leading churches without Ing fro kriorm m their own fireside. If during the ilettannatiee of a concert any news of special im- itith 7e or interest is received it is transmitted lyei:q: Intervals. We are further told that " once a tl a hiaehildren's concert, with light nalasic,is given, wt 4.el are added declamatory pieces or tales. 4 'fliiedv"ooe newspaper abhors politics ; it gives e taatir rs,°nlY strictly chronicling in an impartial 4he,,eorrthe opinions of other papers. It gives '"acl the original literary articles or feuilletons, Ita etittiatter, when written by some such favour- ho flr as Manaus JOKAI or VICTOR RAKOSY, AorltientlY spoken into the telephone by the f 3 ththenxelves either from the editorial office tnra • "the air own desk telephone at home, place'd hPnarP°Be in communication with the office tm—vel kind of lecture is heartily ap- by the feminine public." And , benefits are given to the public for a "ay. It might be thought that no such as this could be run on commercial ~eoZithat, it appears, would be a mistake. 'lt% • newspaper pays its way and is extend- -1 eirenlation if such a word can be used in ...1 (111neet. 1011 to different parts of Austria 4opDo 3".• The" Hirmondo "at first met with hile ,81tion from the established Press but no died away. It has been found by that, in this instance at all events, the .4 ref, new could thrive site by side, and in 1 LePrieetB the speken newspaper has been of to its printed contemporaries.

begin

Ake 'fight

Size

long

, and

rtleaced,

kittiag

—upe 911ite r

free

telephoile.

afte'r

bletropoi

Aid otcial to te4

arrived

lurter

titiwa 4„

Illarter

krb; tgn,

frota

Norts

tary t%efa

l'ePort

eor ' eb:Olration of Glai-gow is about to give an- 'ytitizeilriPle of municipal enterprise,by providing the t:3 h the most ample facilities tor learn- -111:41'11:1f " day," No fewer than be twee ,eti°llr hundred time-indicators are to be of throughout the city, one being placed The principal street corners and other 1/}aces. They will not be " clocks" of / aort but dial which will be moved and 04,Y electric appliances from central ,e 1,1113 about three real working clocks will llrld these will be placed in public build- thence each of them will operate from , to one hundred and fifty ot the at Street corners and elsewere. The (lot be so expensive as might be , considering the number of time- OE 14Se' OE „Is said that after the initial 4114 the sixty miles of wire that will f c)r transmitting the time is met, Will be cheaper than if a much less num- %4lltte clocks were uaed. Be an ingenious ,ltrivance all the chockA will be under 44 , a ei:10?5 01 the experts in Glasgow Observa- ,ie-e. • in any one of them will be readily 11i0Y Glasgow is a go-ahead town, and, . ,to it has got an enlightened and pro-

,z AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. •La 1-,,°f ,'St. Paul's Church, Warrington, lkte'rnWOrth, near Widnes, on Saturday. Is, rift' of 1,895 changes on St. Luke's ?tie hour six minutes, which con- -72() I°lloWing corthodsl:-72.0 Oxford .•• Canterbury pr-asure, and 455 of ringers sto, d in the following thioule, Waiter Oxley ; second, Joseph qrth, Albert Oxley; fourth. F. William Bran:liner ; tenor, Edward '4ductor). Weight of tenor, 13cwt.

Sole -Agent, Bridge-it.. Warring-

1 ATID,*

'll/4 4trnon 11le, 11o) thora f(),t Prew '1444 t. h ti 4 V ; thia ktq ttINE, Ildkierlee kticly 114 t tlre e( "e 111(1 to, t, the eort by elt °My abot Ind the, thenct to ont at street 'kill not be itx considering 14Sei It ;is sa ltig the sixt. fOr transmit Will be cheaper t clocks were a 'mice all the g OE the experts ssefe . • E in any one o I'lll Y, Glasgow is a g , it has got an en, -orporation. 41411 S AT ST. PAUL'S ;it. Paul's Chord elt g rrtworth, near WI ,e Peal of 1,895 changes , 'll one hour six minutes, ▪ fOllO Wing met hodsl: • Canterbury pl7-asure, ue ringers (itch d in the th.1.04e, IA alter Oxley ; secoll third, Albert Oxley; fourth. F. („ Brammer ; tenor, biltioctor). Weight of tenor, 1 • it V Sole Agent, Bridge-

===== 0002601_18950907_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXALviiNEIL

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1385.

The Trades Union Congress. which has, in somtheiarews FRE Trades• Union Congress which is holding its. meetings at Car" epeeks ths ,a. es numnpdel ertgeolyn ea latecrhssdnis 'ts character. At the Congress last year there as Os' usual,,at the end of the week's session a large number of resolutions on the agenda which °lila not for want of time be debated or considered end any way, and these resolutions were referra f to the permanent Parliamentary Committee 0 according the Congress to be dealt with by. them to their discretion.. One of the resolutions sug- gested the advisability of amending.or altering the standing orders of the Congress,. and the Fsrl4,ire rnentary Committee were not slow to take w et hint. The majority of the Cemmittee were satisfied with the composition of the Congr- This latter body had become far too Socialistic for , the " old " trade unionists, and the Passiereag lle- cliTstlr 101):,relltaill large majority. at the Norwich Congress c.f a - -A°b t favour machinery ourof ir:y nf production "nationalising" not n b ot an the lan a n . iale he h sides brought matters to a head. unionists, though in a minority at the Cone init.. , were in a majority on the Parliamentary C°_,,ra the tee. They set to worx, therefore, to re"' hat standing orders in such a way that the Seeis, a : element would'find it more difficult to eltialan.. I footing in the future. Heretofore Trades uni,et oils have been represented at the Congressrw'ith this representation was entirely done awnl„ge by a few strokes of the pen. By another eas-trh't, that was made more voting power was put in hands of the larger trade unions. Before the P sent Congress each trade union was entitled its . ro. . , send one delegate for every two thousand °nor . membership roll, and therefore its.voting P° ,t. ; depended upon the number of delegates it se"her . But the large unions rarely sent the full nAarlithey .' of delegates they were entitled to send, and ",,, as , were in consequence often at a disadvantsg; to ' compared with the smaller unions when it eani 0,0 • " voting by show of hands or by ballot- Ille 7 all ' rules givethe large unions Oa full benofit o for - their voting powers. A union now has ea° v°taoce every thousand members,, and even if °I)IY4SOcI ' delegate is sent by a union with fifty tli`in-tes. members that delegate is able to record fifty' w° aici Another of the new rules provided that onlY P ad trade union officials or workmen actually enViles. . . at their trade were. entitled to act as deleefiaet- . These new rules as formulated by the Parlia,:d to ' ary Committee were, it will be seen, ealeola" Tee revolutionise the character of the Congress itself ' question was asked, whether tho- Congress-ft was would sanction those drastic propeasis.i.l:o doe- ' naturally expected in some,quarters that"— gates themselves would not submit to these wroitto , sale eliminations. The Parliamentary C°133,0001. ' were, however, more than equal tothat emers'iared They not only altered the rules but theY ci,e.crated , that the Congress of this year must 0t according according to the rules as altered_ TheY re„it the credentials credentials of all delegates which did d the nc'TO,,ag . form with the new standing orders. at the Congress this week has been fore th on the, iii basis. It is not surprising thereroavittee attempts to censure or disavow the Cern .ntais , have been defeated. This Congress at all es.7oeniata, „ completely in the hands of the " old" lia tiy and proposals of a socialistic character are st:t.'reag tabooed. At the same time there is 5 rove an toiew , minority of trade unionists who neither al* the of the new rules as a whole ~or .jo methods by which they have been enforcoeo. the is said that the wholesale rejection delegates of trades councils, will practical yrn is , the disfranchisement, so far as the Conu igin?..os. , concerned, of a large number of small 00 These unions are not strong enough either 5017 A , cally or financially to be separately repro .0070 but hitherto they have been represented tt _ ths the trades councils. In the future,so long a:_re. new rules are in force, they will not be r Y a ea an sented at all. And then, again, it is arFivoring with some force, that the riew,system I done rtehileeCctontghereospsiwnijolinisnorfegtahred otorgrflanaits'Yedclavveonsrtik°"inse'all°o6f the country ulnnt rpyr esvoiocoutsu de"solid for or particular trade have, as a rule, more general 21iestions have vote. doing se 11 pCloentelgryessaess tihtehdaesl oates 1:4 all to ogatihnesitr pa enrys opiro to 1p co os nalv ai efftei oc nt ist,l reliecte in racY no doubt with more or less :moil -. coostitee'lts'a the varied feelings of their one delegaost agudtvhd: Under a system by which a hundred votef may cast twelve, twenty, or e working class opinion on general q en to question,. tteactrc(soddei,rl:gutbt 00;1 it is not possible to have so colmpoloestteiler,eilpeolcliti- cal or industrial. It is serious ybity suck non t. "it whbantr I#lle rule which for dla

===== 0002601_18950907_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
aapplied

444-Pat

4ehanges,

Political

===== 0002601_18950907_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
hsta,g

tr,'l'e"ehes the ,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

VISIT OF THE REV. J. PULFORD WILLIAMS. At St. John's Presbyterian Church on Sunday.,sermons werepreached by the Rev. J. Pultord Williams, formerly pastor of the church, but now of Cardiff. There were large congregations, and satisfactory collections weie taken on behalf of the building fund. THE NORTHWICH CONTEST.—CANDIDATES EXPENSES. A return has been issued by Mr. Hugh Lyle Smythe, high sheriff and returning officer, of the election ex- penses of the candidates for the Northwich division at the last election. Sir John T. Brunner's expenses amounted to £1,290, and Mr. Ward's totalled £1,125.

BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHOIR. The Rev. J. Simpson, pastor of Bethesda Congrega- tional Church, again occupied the pulpit on Sunday after a short holiday, and preached the annual choir sermons. There were good congregations at both services, and the collections were satisfactory. The anthem, "In Jewry is God known," was sung at the morning service by the choir, and in the evening, "Behold how good and joyful," and "Magnify and glorify," were sung. fwo solos were given, the lane by Mr. E. Worrell being "Star of Bethlehem," and that by Miss Heatherington "Rock of Ages," to a new musical arrangement. Mr.C.LeCouteur presided with his usual ability at the organ. SERIOUS BURNING ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN. A girl, 12 years of age, named Mary Ann O'Neil living with her parents in Back Water-st., sustained serious burning injuries on Monday morning. It appears that she was engaged in lighting the fire, when a burning stick fell out of the grate. In attempting to put this out with her foot, her clothes became ignited, and before the flames could be extinguished her clothes were des- troyed, and almost the whole of her bodyseriously burnt. Mr. Frank Speakman, of High-st., rendered first aid. In the meantime a messenger was sent for Dr. Robinson, and that gentleman found the girl burnt almost from head to loot. She lies in a serious condition.

ST. PAUL'S CHOIR SIMMONS. The Rev. G. de Putron Gliddon, the newly-appointed minister, preached the anniversary sermons on behalf of St. Paul's choir, on Sunday. There were large congrega- tions. The discourses were highly appreciated. On each occasion the choir rendered special musical items. In the morning, they rendered McCartney's " Te Deum " and the anthem " 0 how amiable are Thy ways" ; and In the evening they sang the anthem "I will give thanks" ( Elvey) and "Gloria in Excelsis " (Mozart), whilst Miss Alice Taylor gave an effective rendition of the solo from "Elijah," " I will sing of Thv great mercies." The efforts of the choir reflected credit upon themselves and their conductor, Mr. R. Morris. Toe organ was presided at by Mr. Grine. The collections on behalf of the choir fnnds realised £l2 7s. _

_ THE LATE MRS. BAILEY.

The funeral ofMrs. Bazley took place in Runcorn Cemetery on Sunday. Amongst those who joined in the procession were the Rev. W. George, Messrs. P. Speak- man, J.P., C.C., T. Boote, sen., J. Parker, A. linsworth, J. L. Littlemore, J. Hayes, R. Peacock, W. Tickle, and J. Rowe. These were followed by members of the con- gregation worshipping in Camden Chapel, members of the Camden Mission Band, and members of the de- ceased's society class. The bearers were Messrs. Lambert Hayes, Rathbone, Meredith, Millineer, Dean, Woodward, and Goodier. In the chapel the Rev. W. George, atter reading the burial service, gave a brief address, in which he alluded to the kind disposition of the departed one. Those present then sang" Rock of Ages." At the grave side, after the remaining portion of the service had been conducted, the hymn " Jesu, lover of my soul" was sung. On the coffin were many beautiful floral tributes, forwarded by Mr. Speakman, Mr. J. L. Littlemore, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Green, Mr. and Mrs. L. Woodward, Mrs. Bennett, Mrs. Rathbone, Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Temperley, Mrs. and Miss Temperley. Mrs. Lambert, Mrs. Millinger, and Miss Rossbottom. of Sutton.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB.

The annual 25 mile race was successfully run off on Wednesday over a good course—starting from High Legh to Cranage and back. Fourteen entered for the race but only nine started. The result was first, S. Webster, 15 minutes start ; second, W. Rushton, 25 minutes start ; third, W. H. Hill, 25 minutes start. The net times were G. Whenyates 1 hour, 24 minutes.fastest time medal ; C. Johnson. 1 hour 26 minutes ;W. H, Mack 1 hour 31 minutes 19 seconds ; W. Grounds 1 hour 31 minutes 20 seconds ; S. Webster 1 hour 31 minutes 55 seconds ; W. Rushton, 1 hour 42 minutes 1 second ; W. H. Hill, 1 hour 44 seconds. The times are considered good when the strong cross wind blowing, going-out and coming in, is accounted for. The winners' pace was about 14 miles an hour. second and third, 14 miles an hour, fourth and fifth, 17 miles an hour, scratch men.— Whenvates and Johnson, 18 miles an hour. The starter was Mr. W. Wiswall.checker at Cranage,Mr. H. Hughes, judges Messrs. Wiswall. Powell, and Smith. The first, prize consisted of a gold medal, second, silver medal gold centre, third, silver medal. The gold medal tir fastest time was given by Mr. G. Shone.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB..

The formation of the Northern Football League has resulted, as was anticipated, in practically forcing the Runcorn club into the league. To remain outside,would have meant almost ruin to the members of the Runcorn club inasmuch as it would have robbed them of no fewer than a dozen of their most important fixtures. This would have been a most serious matter as the " gates " would have been considerably lessened in consequence of theleague matches at Widnes proving a greater at- trartien. Accordingly it was decided to join the league if possible, and a deputation waited upon the committee appointed,which met at Manchester on Tuesday evening. The application of the Runcorn club wan accepted, and ' the list of fixtures was drawn up. The first match is to be played to-day (Saturday), at Runcorn, when Widnes will be their opponents. As the clubs forming the league are the best in the North of England, some good matches should be witnessed during the season.—The association club also commence their season to-day, when Warring- ton will oppose them. RUNCORN TONIC SOL-FA CHOIR. There was a good attendance of members at the annual general meeting of the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir,held in Ellesmere-st. schoolroom on Monday even- ing. In the absence of Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C.,the chair was occupied by Mr. T. F. Borrows. The financial statement was submitted by Mr. Newall from which it appeared that the session commenced with an adverse balance of upwards of £7, and concluded with a credit balance of El 1.1. a. Mr. Wesley Cooke, the sezretary. then submitted his report which stated that there had been a large increase in the number of honorary mem- bers, and also an encouraging increase in the singing members. The average attendance at the prac- tices was in advance of last year The report also re- ferred to the success of the choir at the Crystal Palace. Both reports were considered highly satisfactory and were adnpted.—Mr. P. Speakman was unanimously re- elected president, and the vice-presidents were elected en bloc. Mr. Holford, the energetic and painstaking conductnr,was again chosen to that position. Mr. Cooke h A virg expressed a desire to retire from the secretariat, Mr. J. W. Yates was appointed in his stead, and Mr. Wilson Newell was elected assistant secretary. The fol- lowing were also appointed :—Treasurer, Mr. William Coventry ; librarian, Mr. Brown ; awl organist, Mr. William Cooke. The election of committee and con- sideration of several other matters in connection with the work of the choir were postponed. The usual votes of thanks to the officers for their services having been passed, a harmonious meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH OF A WOMAN.

Mr. J. E. Wordey held an inquest at the Royal Hotel, Runcorn, on Monday morning on the body of Elizabeth Nutt, 43 years of age, who died suddenly on Saturday morning.—Mrs. Naylor was the first witness called and stated that her mother had suffered from a cough for about twelve months, but was not medically attended. Witness was sleeping downstairs on Friday night in the same room with the deceased, and about five o'clock on Saturday morning she was roused by her mother who requested her to fetch help as she was dying. She called John Threlfall, a lodger, and then went for medical aid, but Dr. McDougall said he had a very important appointment,the case requiring his attention being a serious one. On witness returning home within half-an-hour she found her mother dead, having expired in Threlfall's arms. On the previous afternoon Dr. McDougall was in the house but her motker was then in good health and did not require his attention. The deceased had not been drunk on the Friday night but she had taken •‘ tidy "drink in her life.—John Threlfall, boatman, stated that the deceased appeared to be in good health on Friday evening and was quite sober. He gave evidence as to being called on Sattirdly morning tc deceased, and to the fact that she died in his arms within about ten minutes.—Dr. Mc- Dougall considered death was due to rupture of a blood vessel,probably of the lungs. He had heard remarks as to her intemperate habits, but he had always found her a steady and decent woman.—A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. The Technical Instruction Committee of the I Cheshire County Council has awarded the following among other scholarships :—ln cookery, laundry work and dressmaking, tenable for eight months at the School of Domestic Economy. Chester, to Mary Harrison, Manley, Frodsham ; evening scholarships tenable for winter a-ssion at some approved insti- tute for instruction in technical subjects to Benja- min Crosby, Harold Davies, 14 alter Wiswall, and Percy Buckley, of Runcorn ; scholarships to teachers in elementry schools available for the winter session to Thomas 0. Cole (KingslW' W. B. Cooke (Thel wall), Richard °chile (Ly mm),Abraham Evans (Grappenuall), SY, Kent= and Agnes B. Tyrits (Runcorn). Grants in aid of instruction in technical subjects have been made to the following towns and institutions for the coming year : Altrincham £240. Congleton £l5O, Crewe .£513, Dukintield £272, lloylake and West Kirby £l4O, Hyde £495. Macclesfield £563. Marple £l5. Middle- wich .£O2, Northwich £315, Neston and Parkgate £56, Runcr.rn £313, Sale £225, Stalybridße £419, Winsford .£lBO, Cheadle £5.5, Sandbach .£9O. Nant- wich £75, Wallasey £207, Seacorobe £233, New Brighton £BO, Warringtcn Technical School £39.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
,

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1895.

RUNCO RN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. OPENING CEREMONY. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUILDING.

Sir John T. Brunner, M.P., visited Runcorn on Satur- day for the purpose of performing the opening ceremony of the Technical Institute. Every effort was put forth to make the event a memorable one in the history of Runcorn, and the inhabitants showed a considerable amount of enthusiasm in the affair. The question of the provision of a technical institute is one which has occupied the minds of many who are interested in the welfare of Runcorn for some years and at this point it may not be unappropriate to trace the history of the movement. Just about live years ago,at a town's meet- ing, a committee was appointed to consider what use might be made of recent legislative enactments for the beriefit of the town. In December, 1898, the committee reported to the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners (the local authority under the Technical Instruction Act) that public education in Runcorn virtually ended with the elementary schools, and that the new Acts would, if taken advantage of, be of the greatest service in making provision for something higher. The Run- corn Improvement Commissioners thereupon, supported in their Action by this committee—a large and very re- presentative body—determined not to let the oppor- tunity go by. They instructed Mr. John Bowden, CE., to prepare plans for a building suited to be the perma- nent home of higher education ; they made application for building grants to the Science and Art Department, as well as to the Cheshire County Council, and, finding public opinion with them, called in the aid of a local rate of one penny, the limit placed upon their powers by the Legislature. The appeals for help were not made in vain. The Science and Art Department gate a grant of £l,OOO towards the project, the County Council £440, and Sir John T. Brunner, M.P , started la subscription list with £5OO. With such assurances the Committee felt justified in pushing for- war.4 the project, and decided to proceed with the ern- Lion of the building. A site in Waterloo-road, in close contiguity to the Town Hall, was decided upon, and April 14th, 1891. saw the foundation stone laid by Sir John Brunner. The entire work of erection and furnish- ing has cost about £4,500. Unfortunately the promoters hate not succeeded in opening the building free from debt as they at first anticipated, but this may be ac- counted for in some measure by the depression in trade. The adverse balance exceeds £1,500, but, efforts to con- siderably reduce this will be made shortly. The building itself, as already stated, has been built to plans drawn up by Mr. John Bowden, C.E , F.S./., of Manchester, and Mr. Wilding, the assist- ant surveyor, acted on behalf of the Council. The principal elevation fronts Waterloo-road, and is built of Ruabon bricks with stone dressing. There are no pretensions to architectural beauty the main consideration being the general utility of the building. On entering the ground floor we find one large classroom admirably fitted up with desks and chairs, a rostrum for the teacher and a pedestal and blackboard. With regard to the desks it may be stated that they have been so constructed as to be interchangeable. A separ- ate desk may be provided for each student, or if desired the top part may be removed and the lower portion utilized for upholding a longer desk. Another advantage is that by a most simple but ingenious arrangement the desk may be used in either a horizontal or sloping posi- tion. The blackboards too, are the first to be used with the present arrangement. The blackboard consists of two parts and they are so fitted up, that when the lower portion has been written on,it may by a simple arrange- ment pushed upwards and the other portion will take its place. Passing from this room we come to the practical room which is also on the basement. It is so fitted up that it may be used either for practical electricity or practical plumbing. The heating room and lavatories are also on this floor. With regard to the heating it may be stated that it is on the low pressure system, and is connected with a vertical extracting shaft as the main outlet. Proceeding to the ground floor we enter the corridor,nine feet wide,which is well lighted. A notice- able feature of the rooms on this floor is a very fine art room arranged Be that freehand, model,and perspective can be carried on at tho same time. It is well-fitted up, exceedingly well lighted and ventilated. This room may also be used for lantern lectures. The lec- ture room for machine and building construc- tion and similar subjects is at the rear of the building on the same floor. It is fitted on the same principle as the classroom described in the basement. It is divided from the practical room by a small teacher's room. The practical room is provided with Trainor's patent benches and a chest of lockers for stowing away the work of the students during the ses- sion. It is also fitted with furniture and other appliances to enable the teacher to demonstrate the various subjects taken. On this floor there is also a model room which is fitted with cupboards with glass doors, running along both sides and a broad shelf under the windows. 1 large number of models will be kept here. A directors' room for committee meetings ke., and an office adjoins this. Mounting the stone staircase we reach the first floor and this is largely occupied by a fine large room which is de- voted to advanced art. Numerous life-sized models are mounted on pedestals and paintings displayed on easels, and the room is lighted by a large unobstructed window extendin.! 18 feet from the floor, in order that perfect lighting of the models and other objects may be obtained. Near to is the laboratory fitted up for eighteen element- ary and eighteen advanced pupils. The fittings for this are most complete, each student being provided with every convenience necessary in this branch of study. The same remark applies to the compounding room which adjoins it. The theatre for theoretical chemistry, alkali manufacture, etc., is a well arranged one. The lecturer's desk is provided with water, gas, and other necessaries for demonstration lectures. Proceeding to the other end of the building on the same floor, a room for quite a different purpose is provided, viz., cookery. There are special arrangements for gas and coal stoves which are of a most improved principle. The lec- turer's table is of special design, giving the teacher good facilities for demonstrating before the stu- dents. Another model room and lavatory complete the number of rooms on this floor. The whole of the furni- ture, which is all removable, has been designed by Mr. Wilding, and the improvements which lie has intro- duced do him infinite credit. In fact, the Institute will stand in the front rank as one of the most completely arranged institutes in England. Messrs. John Heywood and Sons, of Manchester, have supplied the fur- nishing,and Mr. James Mort,of Greenway-road,Runcorn, has fitted up the office. The builders were Messrs. A. and H. Hulse, of Winsforti, and Mr. Edwin Hatton, of Manchester, has had in hand the lighting arrangements. As one advantage of the Institute, it may be stated that a number of very fine models which have been in the possession of the town, and which could not before be seen through lack of a building are now on view. The work of students during past sessions have been framed and are exhibited on the walls. The Technical Instruc- tion Cemmitree of the Urban District Council have al- ready engaged 17 teachers to undertake classes in the various sciences, art technology, commercial subjects, and domestic economy. A syllabus giving full particulars is now to be obtained. THE PROCESSION.

Saturday's proceedings were commenced by a luncheon which was held at one o'clock in Greenway-road Primi- tive Methodist Schoolroom. To this the nress were not invited. A most imposing procession of Volunteers, the composing the Trades, Friendly, and Temperance Societies together with those connected with the St. John Ambulance Association (Runcorn branch), Fire Brigade, Urban District Councillors, officials and others, was held at three o'clock, and paraded the principal thoroughfares of the town. The route taken was along Lowland-road, Shaw-street, down Greenway-road,Fligh- street and Bridge-street. to Mill House, Halton-road, re- turning by way of Bridge-st.,and Waterloo-road,to the In- stitute. Mr. G. H. Kirkham satisfactorily filled the duties of marshal!. The Volunteer band was at the head of the procession, and played lively tunes under the sonductor- ship of Bandmaster Outhwaite. The Runcorn regiments of the 2nd Earl of Chester Volunteers followed under the command of Captain G. Ashton. Other officers pre- sent included quartermaster Sergeant Hankinson, Colour Sergeants Mort and Poole. The trades societies were headed by the members of the Runcorn branch of the Associated Shipwrights Association, and a fine show they made. Over 100 were present and they wore a bunch of oak leaves as buttonholes, and some carried models of boats whilst others displayed several tools used in the trade. Amongst those in the procecsion may be mentioned Mr. H. Dale (secretary), Mr. Taylor (trea- surer), Mr. W. Littler (master shipwright) and Mr. Evans (foreman shipwright). The Boiler MakerS, ac- companied by Messrs. Nathaniel Lightfoot (prealient), William news (treasurer) and W. Mottershead (steward) followed next. They were succeeded by about 30 joiners among whom were Mr. W. B. Cropper (steward) and Mr. J. Williams (treasurer). The painters and decorators dressed in their white overalls were present in strong force. The officials present were Messrs. William Box- worth (president), F. Bishop (treasurer), D. Billington (secretary), James Campbell (check-steward) Benjamin Holt (sick steward), William Skillicorn and William Cousins (trustees), Samuel Percival and J. Stoll (auditors), committee, J. H. Shallcrossi, W. Robinson, Threlfall, Charleston, john Harvey, and A. Green. The bakers and confectioners were the next in the pro- cession. They had with them Mr. William Burton and Mr. Samuel Johnson, of the District Council, and Mr.A. Geddes (chairman of the branch). A huge loaf of bread was displayed in this part of the procession. Those con- nected with the Upper Mersey, Watermen'a Association followed. Amongst those present were Mr. Billam (pre- sident), Mr. Banner (vice-president), and Mr. E. Gatley (secretary). In addition to members of the Runcorn branch there were a number connected with the branch at Preston Brook.present. The tanners,who were headed by the Preston Brook brass band, made a fine display. At the front was a large banner and other banners made of leather were carried. On one of them was printed the words "Success to the town and trade." The men were from the High field tannery and also the tanneries of Messrs Occleston and Reynolds. Amongst those present may he mentioned Mr.Armstrong,the president,and Mr. Monks, Secretary. The Friendly Societies turned out in

full force. The emenabers composing the Indepen- dent Order of Oddfellows led this part ot the procession- Their large banner was at the forefront, and the proces- sionists wore their regaliai of office. There were present Messrs. E. Kaye and W. E. Dudley (secretaries), W. E. Hartland (secretary of the Royal Oak, Widnes), N. G. Cartwright and G. Rutter (trustees). The members of the Rose of Sharon Lodge, about fifty, were headed by the Widnes Subscriptioe Brass Band, and the officers present were Messrs. T. Davies (secretary), W. Massey (assistant secretary), Rutter, Hazlehurst, and Jones , (trustees). They were succeeded by the Halton and Runcorn District Juvenile Societies,who were headed by the Mill-brow Drum and Fife Band, and were under the superintendence of Bros. Jones and Hancock. The Star of Freedom Lodge followed with the following officials : Bros. Moston (secretary), W. B. Jones (assistant secre- tary), Douglas (treasurer), Hazlehurst (trustee), Dr. Rankest and the past officers of the lodge. The S-. Mary's Catholic Band, Widnes, headed the Lily of the Valley Lodge. The processionists numbered about 80, and among those present were Bros. H. Holt (president), G. Holt (secretary), Parry (treasurer), Nichols,Hedgetts. and Worthington (trustees). The Ancient Order of Shepherds, about 40 strong, were next, and the officials were Messrs. W. Rhodes (secretary), Santley (treasurer), John Hiilidge and John Jolley. The Weston Church Band were at the head of the Runcorn branch of the Sons of Temperance, who wore the embl2matic badge of the order. There were about 121 present, including the following officers : John Jones, P.W.P., T. Holt and T. Clarke (stewards), H. Holt,' W.C., T. Cooke, KS., E. Key, RS., T. White, P.C., E. Hobson, W.A., and Wm. Cooke, A.F.S. Trie cords of the beautiful banner which was carried were held by Misses Alice Cooke, Lizzie Bisbrown, Cissy Matthews, and Jane Ball, and a similar number carried the silken cords, viz., Daisy and Ada Illurrows, Nellie Jeffreys. and Martha Holt. About 190 I members of the 11,.chabites Order, comprising the Union and Excelsior teat, Charity tent, and Onward tent followed. The silver regalia which was worn bad been lent for the occasion by the Manchester Order. The officials presented included :—Charles Tickle, C.R.; —Millington, D.C.R.; W. Hough ; secre- tary, J. Leadstone,P.D.C.R.; W. Cartwright, D.P.C.R.; James Lea district treasurer ; and W. E. Warburton, district secretary. The St. John Ambulance members followed, and included, Mr. Newton chairman), Mr. Clare (secretary), and Mr. Williatn Bankes (treasurer). The members ot the Fire Brigade with their engine gaily decorated with flowers which had been lent for the occa- sion by Mrs. Hazlehurst and Mr. Dykes, made an attrac- tive feature of the procession. They were in charge of Superintendent Wright. The rear of the procession was brought up by townspeople, representatives of public authorities and a brougham containing Sir John and Lady Brunner, Mr. E. Imison (chairman of the District Council) and the Rev. Canon Wood. The St. Edward's League of the Cross Band headed this part of the procession, and in the forefront walked the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. Quinn and Loughman. Amongst those who walked were the Revs. J. Simpson, T. Bram- all, J. Stafford, W. Moone, A. J. Jameson, H. B. Firth, H. C. Moyle, W. George, and G. de P. Glidclos. Alder- man Dr. Hewitt, Messrs. R. Bate, T. Baxter, J. Davies, J. J. Evans, Ralph Bate, T. Hodgett Gordon (of the Cheshire County Council Technical Instruction Commit- tee), Mr. R. P. Ward (secretary to the above named , Committee), Alderman Sadler (mayor of Widnes), Mr. Oppenheim (town clerk of Widnes), Mr. Boosey, J.P., and Mr. F. B. Cooke (chairman and clerk of the Middle- wich Urban District Council), Messrs. S. W. Cross and J. H. Cooke (chairman and clerk of the Winsford Urban District Council), Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., J. W. Lightburn, F. Wiswall, R. H. Posnett, J. Pritchard, H. J. Grice, M. Sweetman, G. H. Kirkham, J. Jones, Dr. McKenzie (Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council), F. A. Lake, E. Marshall, M. Barker, J. Wilding, J. D. Jones, W. Jones (officials at the Town Hall), Dr. McDougall (medical officer of health), E. Carey (Widnes), J. B. Holland, J. R. Frith, W. Handley, W. B. Frith, James Frith, S. Hoyle (secretary Technical Instruction Committee, Widnes), W. Sutton (assistant overseer), Dr. Bowman, Memo. S. Pope, Rawlinson, W. Mellor, R. Pierpoint, J. F. Moulton, B. Crosby, C. Murder, John Speakman, T. Bowyer. J. Unsworth, H. Branch, Thomas Taylor, W. Shaw, G. Bellamy, R. Morris, T. Beote, T. Riley, James Percival (nuisance inspector), D. Bisbrown, (I. Hewitt, J. Wilson, T. Shore (Frodsham Parish Council), J. John-, son. The streets were lined with spectators, and the fine weather which prevailed greatly tended to the suc- cess of the demonstration. A mend of praise is due to Supezintendent Atherton and bis staff of officers for the excellent way they carried out their duties.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING OF THE INSTITUTE.

On arriving at the Technical Institute, the Volunteers formed in line, and as Sir John passed between,the band struck up the tune" Fine Old English Gentleman," and the concourse that had assembled gave vent to their feelings by hearty cheers. Mr. unison, in presenting Sir John with a silver key, with which to open the building, said his duty that day was very simple, and be could assure them very agreeable. Be did not intend to take up their time with any history or description of the Insti• tute, and would not anticipate or interfere with any ad- dresses they would shortly hear in connection with it. But he might be allowed to say that it was a great satis- faction to every member of the council, and he had no doubt to every citizen who had taken an interest in the , movetnent,to find that the Institute was now practically finished, and would in a few days take its place as one of the educational institutions in the town. (Applause.) He sincerely hoped that when the classes were opened the youth of the town would avail themselves of the oppor- tunities whereby they might acquire the skill which would enable them to fight more cleverly and easily the battle of life. (Hear,hear,and applause.) It was a ter- ble disappointment to see hundreds of children leaving their elementary schools fairly well educated, and then Co find them drifting into the hopeless mass of humanity which were continually crowding the market of unskilled labour. That institution was intended to remedy that state of things, and he was sure that Sir John Brunner and other gentlemen who had assisted to build that in- stitution would think it their greatest reward if the young people took advantage to make themselves com- petent to earn their living in a much easier way. With- out further remark he would simply, on behalf of the Runcorn Urban District Council, ask Sir John Brunner, who had been a sincere friend and generous supporter of that movement, to accept the key of the building.and to declare the Institute open. He then handed to the hon. gentleman a silver key. Sir John Brunner having opened the principal door, declared the building open, and consecrated to the people of Runcorn for all time to come. (Loud applause.) On re-appearing on the lawn in front of the Institute, aftea an inspection of the building, Mr. F. Wiswall (chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee)presented him with a beautifully illuminated address in album form, and it was read as follows by Mr. Frederick A. Lake, the law clerk : —" The Urban District Council of Runcorn desire to offer you, on the occasion of the oper ing of their Technical Institute,their sincere gratitude and warmest thanks for the mun'fieence and sympathy you have extended in connection with the establishment of this institute. As the first and largest subscriber, you give an impetus to the project, and by your practical sympathy have encouraged this council in their work of providing a suitable building for the carrying on of technical instructien As a member of Parliament you assisted in the passing of the Technical Instruction Acts, and by your services in connection with university education,free public libraries, and liter- ary and scientific lectures have placed the inhabitants of this district under lasting obligation to you, and which is freely acknowledged. They believe you will witness ' with pleasure the c repletion of this institute, knowing as you do that the industrial progress of this district and the proficiency of its workers is largely dependent on facilities being provided for a thorough technical train- ing. The assistance you have tendered to elementary and universal education encourage them to hope that you will continue your efforts in the direction of obtaining an Intermediate Education Act,as they believe that such an Act is urgently required,and they would welcome the day that this inctiwte can be utilised for such an invalu- able purpose. The opening day will mark an important step in the development of this town, in whose moral, social, and intellectual welfare you have manifested so deep an interest." (Laud applause.) In making the presentation Mr. Wiswall eoid they all hoped Sir John would live long and enjoy good health. It was only a email taken of their feeling towards him, and they were under great obligations to him for what ho bad done for Runcorn. They wished him, Lady Brunner, and his family every prosperity in this world. (Loud applause). Sir John Brunner, who on rising, received an ovation, said he was very proud to stand before them that day to witness with them the end of a good work and the beginning of a better work. (Hear, hear.) He was very much struck with the thoroughly appropriate, character of the words that had been used in addressing him by Mr. Wiswall, who had done himself and those present honour in the way in which he had led them in the work they were engaged in celebrating. Mr. Wiswall was good enough to express a hope that he should live to enjoy the work that they were doing that day. He did most thoroughly enjoy that work, and Mr. Wiswall could net have touched him more dearly than by wishing that be should ,Sojoy this work for the future. He was not going to follow the flattering words used in the address read by Mr. Lake ; suffice it to say that the kindness dis- played towards him by the Urban District Ccuncil of Runcorn was a further encouragement—following upon many and many acts of a like character on their part —to him to continue to devote his life, health, and strength in the great work of helping forward the educ- ation of tie people of this country. (Applause.) They were opening that day a noble home for a noble insti- don. They were giving to the young people of the town opportut3ties and means for living henceforward fuller, happier, and brighter lives than they had had the I chance of living up to now. They were doing their best to abolish that frame of mind which had been described as the blues or megrims,or vapour—they wereabolishing that emptiness of mind, or something towards it, of which the two extremes might be found in the loafer who propped up the public-house by his shoulder, and the man so wittily described by Gilbert as the " Greenery - yallery, Grosvenor Gallery, foot in the grave young man." (Laughter.) They Were doing work which would fill with a greater

and higher interest the lives of the young people of Run- corn and be was happy to be aiding in it. (Applanse.) He heartily wished success to the Technical Instruction Committee, to the teachers who would assemble within the Institute, and to the students who would come in large and increasing numbers day by day. What was it that those teachers were going to offer to them? They were going to offer to them as their eolleagues were throughout the country—for there was not a county that was not doing its part in that work—the means for securing for England that commercial and manufactur- ing supremacy, which they as patriots ought to aim at. (Applause.) That the work was needed required no words for him to prove. They were all happily con- vinced that England needed technical instruction for the working men, boys and girls. He had an illustration of j the truth of this only a few days ago from a friend who told him of a 'deputation sent on the Continent by the iron and steel trades of Great Britain, composed partly of employers and employed, in order that they should see for themselves why it was that the iron and steel trades of various countries on the Continent were more advanced and more prosperous titan the corresponding trades in this country. He was not going to prophesy what the report would be which would be presented to the members of the institution named, but he kne v that a large portion of the deputation had been impressed with the fact that it was not altogether on account of low wages and long hours the men on the Continent worked, but it was because the English manufacturers were behind the Continental manufacturers in methods and plant. In the Institute the teachers would, he hoped,so influence the minds and fingers of the students who came to learn,that in days to come the young men who left the building to go out into the world would use improved methods and plant in the various trades they entered, that we should cast behind us once for all what was considered a shame to them as Britons, that they were behind any nation in the world. (Applause.) They should hold that up for themselves, and remember that they had in the Institute an oppor- tunity for their children to obtain the information to beat the manufacturers and merchants of the Continent and the United States, if only they would take full advantage of the teaching given there. If so they would set England at the bead of the world in matters of that kind, as she oughtro be. (Applause.) A philosophical friend of his told him that they were beginning at the wrong end ; they ought to be tryieg not to educate the workman, but the employer. But he claimed it was the duty of the State and the community to help those who needed assistance, and not to spend their money on those who otherwise could afford to obtain those advantages. He asked them to be convinced from that day that that I great building and the great organisation of the County of Chester, behind it,with the organization of the Science i and Art Department, and the Education Department I 11,.hind that, that the work was done not for the sake of I wealthy manufacturers and merchants, who could afford ' to send their boys and girls to the most costly institu- tions, but it was intended for the mass of the people, and there was no one so lowly in Runcorn who should not feel that the Institute was his own, and that he had a right in it, and that he would see that sa far as his household was concerned, full advantage would be taken of it. He might say a good deal about the advantages that were to be had at the Institute for their girls as well as boys. He started with his friends in VVinnington a cookery class not long ago, and they ' found there,es was perhaps the case in Runcorn,that the housewives declared they knew very well how to cook I all they could get to cook. (Laughter.) But from the I mothers they appealed to the fathers,who thought it a I very good thing that the girls should be taught to cook, I and after the first lesson there were in the corridor a number of happy, eager looking fathers, anxious to buy the dishes the lasses had cooked. (Laughter.) He did not know whether it was necessary to appeal to the I mothers or Runcorn to use their influence in getting the I girls to learn laundry work, dressmaking, and cookery. I But if they failed he asked the fathers to intercede for their daughters,and see that they attended in large num- bers. Runcorn had done well in a good many matters I in times gone by, and he hoped it would take pattern by ; them, and would secure for the Technical Institute a 1 long and splendid career of prosperity. (Applause.) 1 Runcorn was behind in some matters. They had a small proportion of scholars taking advantage • of the benefits I offered by the County Council, but he hoped his words , would induce a good many to do so. He was not going to use the common clap-trap and say that if only one ' came int that school as a result of his words he would be satisfied ; he wanted that school filled, and he would be proud if the rooms were filled from end to end and on every floor with an eager, earnest and enthusiastic band of students. (Ap- plause.) He was delighted to hear that in the last few days greater and greater interest was shown in the pros- pect of the work to be done in the Technical Institute, ; and he would adds few words more as an encourage- ment to them, in order to see what might be obtained by constant and painstaking attendances at those classes. I There were two young men engaged in the Crewe rail- way works full time, leaving their homes; at 5.30 a.m, and returning at 6 p.m., who attended the Mechanics' Institute there, took advantage of the County Council lectures, and who won scholarships. Both went to the Technical Schools in Manchester, took up a scientific subject necessary to their future proeress—mineralney— and both as a result of their earnest and strenuous work in Crewe, continued in Manchester, followed their suc- cess by securing a Whitworth scholarship of £5O a year, Another instance was that of Miss Hall, of Macclesfie'd She had done marvellously well, and he was satisfied that if all the young people he saw before him entered into the contest with determination, there might be ' among them such bright examples as those from Crewe, and also another Lucy Hall, who left Macclesfield, hav- ing won a County Council scholar,hip, and as a result of her continued studies at London University had secured the Tu free! scholarship, which would enable her to con- tinue her studies in the research of the science of chemis- try He trusted he had said enough of the work being done by the Technical Instruction Committee to urge upon them the great advantages to be derived from the in- struction imparted, and if he had been successful in this as the Runcorn Technical Instruction Committee had been successful—and nobly successful in theirs, and it led them to utilize the means provided, he would look back upon that day as one of the brightest and happiest days of his life. (Loud applause.) Dr.Flewitt, C.C., stated that he had been asked on be- half of the County Council to express the pleasure it gave to the members thereof to see that noble and magnificent structure open for use. They were aware that if the County Council of Cheshire had done no other good work than to administer carefully the £12,000 per year placed in their hands by the wonderful fluke of the beer duties, they would have deserved well of their country- men. They had had no small difficulty,for although the Council had been unanimous so far as concerned voting upon the question, they had a numSer of silent sceptics who were only to be heard of in dark corners, when meetings were not held. But there were those who said they might have used the money to reduce the rates. But fortunately they had a number of gentlemen ready to devote it to the purpose of education, knowing th., ad- vantages that would be derived therefrom. Those who had had faith in human nature believed that the Anglo- Saxon had not lost his power to conquer in the civil field. He was sure they would use the instrument aright, when put into their hands,and it would be their fault if they did not participate in the advantages offered them. He trusted that the workingman would utilize it to the fullest possible extent. This kind of education when de- veloped from below would reach the upper ranks. When the artizans made then-selves felt, the other members of .society would be quickened to go before them, and the result would be that they would develop the interests of both. As members of the Technical Instruc- tion Committee they were highly satisfied, for they had the best accounts of those Ipossessing these scholarships. They had every rear an account of each student read out to them, and in every instance, from Liverpool, Warrington, Manchester, and London, they had nothing but encomiums respecting students going from their, county. He had great plea- sure in congratulating the Chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council and Sir John Brunner on the completion of the work. Mr. Speakman had some time ago said he was in a bad and hopeless way about the pro- vision of that building, but he had kept working on un- til the Institute was finished. He wished to congratu- late them upon the completion of the excellent work. (applause.) The Rev. Canon Wood said that it was with the greatest possible pleasure that he moved a voteof thanks to Sir John Brunner. Be did this because ho recognised In Sir John Brunner a thorough believer in the advant- ages of education. He knew that in every way in which Sir John had been able, he had encouraged !those who had endeavoured to press forward education in that town. He was the only subscriber, he thought, to their Free Library. He helped them very much when in diffi- culties about the Oxford Universities Extension Lec- tures. He forwarded presents to the School Boarchwith- out being asked, for the benefit of the scholars in the town. He also sent them one of the finest magic lan- terns, and now he had done a great deal by making it posssible for the town to have that institution. He thought he might safely say if Sir John had not encour- aged those who thought of it in the most substantial manner, they would nt have possessed that institute. He was not at all ignorant of the fact that everyone did not appreciate the Institute. It would take too long to tell them of the advantages afforded by the building. He read on the previous night an article on the very curious subject of cockroaches, and among other things was the question, "What do cockroaches eat ?" (Laughter.) The answer was, "What do cockroaches not eat 2" Now what did that Technical Institute teach ?" He was not going to answer it by asking what did it not teach ? It would teach them about their own houses. The housing of the people was the greatest of all, but if they noticed the syllabus they would see the construction of houses, and almost everything connected therewith, as well as their habitation, and even going so far as to deal with the dresses of the ladies inhabiting them would be dealt with.. Then there would be everything that could tend to make the work done in Runcorn useful and first class. Among other things was soap-making, and he hadn't a doubt that some foture Runcorn lad would succeed in throwing Pear's soap into the shade, and something far better than Sunlight. (Laughter.) They were going to teach alkali manufacture. Sir John had told them that

we were going to beat foreign countries, but they at Runcorn were going to beat Brunner, Mond and Co. (Laughter.) If they could do that they would be exceed- ingly fortunate. (Laughter.) He thought that every- body present would forgive him if he stepped from the subject of the day, and spoke of the time when Runcorn was in great necessity through the terrible distress which prevailed last winter; and he did not suppose that they had seen the end of it. He knew that within the last two weeks two respectable married women had died owing tu the privation which they and their families went through when living "hard "last winter. Now, there was no one who had helped them like Sir John, and they were aware he need not have done it. People sometimes said sneeringly that a man who had been blessed by God could afford it ; but they knew only too well that many men had a great deal of money,but had not the heart to dispense it. They heartily thanked Sir John because he put his hand in his pocket, and because he had done so with the best possible intentions. It was really a pleasure to stand ' upon a platform wherethere were no politics and no re- ligious distinctions ; where all united to push forward and do what they could for the town. The place would only succeed by the enterprise and perseverance of the ' people, and they would be greatly assisted by the pro- vision of the Technical Institute. The two good things ' must go together,and therefore it was for them to make • the best use of the new building. He was sorry to say it i was still in debt to the tune of £1,500. He did feel very grateful to Sir John Brunner for what he had done, for they in Runcorn were not used to generosity on the part ( of the richer people. He heartily wished they were. He ' had been grieved to find that if they wanted anything done they had not to go to the richer people, but to the poor, and therefore they heartily thanked him. (Ap- - plause.) . _ _

. . Mr. Speakman said he had the greatest possible plei. sure in seconding the motion so ably moved by Canon Wood. It was not necessary for him to recapitulate the benefits to be derived from using the advantages pre- sented by the Institute. He might add for their en- couragement that Runcorn had five boys receiving the benefits of what the Cheshire County .Council Technical Committee had done, and he hoped one if not more of them would go to Lmdon and bring honours back. He was very glad to tell them that the previous day the Technical Instruction Committee gave a grant of £313 annually to help to sustain that institution, which with the penny rate would mean £513. Then the County Council had given them £5OO towards the building of I that institution.

Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., was delighted to say ditto to all that had fallen from Canon Wood and Mr. Speak- man. The possession of wealth brought in its train splendid opportunities and tremendous obligations. Be need not explain to them that Sir John Brunner did possess the wealth, did enjoy to the full its advantages, and happily for Runcorn did not shirk its responsinilt- ties: (Applause.). . .

The 'Cli;irman;in putting the motion, said he wished to concur with what had been stated. The resolution was carried with three hearty cheers. Sir John Brunner, in responding,said he had been very much touched by the words used by Canon Wood,and he would ask to be excused from dwelling upon what he had said. In a parting word or two he might tell thcm how impressed he had been with the unanimity shown on that platform, a unanimity he was happy to say which had existed from beginning to end of the work of the Technical Instruction Committee, the Urban District Council,and those whom they had called in to assist in their labours, which had culminated that day. They had men of various religions,different occupations, and all shades of politics.

Mr. Speakman proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman which was carried with enthusiasm. Sir John and Lady Brunner were heartily cheered as they left the lawn. A number of persons afterwards took the oppor- tunity of inspecting the Institute. AN EVENING CONCERT.

In one of the art rooms of the Institute a concert was given in the evening. 'rhere was a very large attend- ance. Mr. E. Imison, J.P., occupied the chair, and in the course of a few remarks urged upon his hearers the necessity of doing their utmost to make that Institute a useful institution in the town. The concert was of a mast interesting and entertaining character. The pro- , gramme commenced with a valse " L'Ardita," by Mr. R. Berkett Musgrove which he played with musicianly taste and skill. A glee party consisting of Misses A. ylor and Simk in, Messrs. Lancaster and Branch very successfully contributed a couple of glees. Mr. Hugh Montgomery ot Mancnester, infused much merriment into the proceedings by his humorous contributions, and was encored thrice. The soloists were Miss A. Taylor, Miss Sitnkin. and Mepsrs. IL Morris, F. L. Scott, P. Bate (Warrington), H. Branch, J. Booth, and Atherton. All sang in good style, and encores were frequent. The Miss.s Taylor and Simkin also sang a duet, 'Go, pretty rose." A vnte of thanks was passed to all who had taken part, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. H. J. Grice, and a pha.sant evening's entertainment concluded.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
abbtrtidontnt not elastfieb.

CIENERAL, good, VIANfEII, able to wash and with character.-69. Ritarford-street, Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester.

WANTRD good GENERAL, able to cook, part washing, 'mall family; wages £l6.—Mi. BYROM, Iddesleigb, Fairfield, Blanchester.

CARl:ZotlesOgßooSEd: Lekaerre nl.6lihkeinnddes,ofeleavvonrklegg a n de legged a rtrnnt eit7. sound; one months trial allowed in goad hinds free of charge; £25.-16, CONWAY-STRKET. Seaforth. Liverpool.

FOR SALE, exceedingly handsome well-bred MARE 15 hands. 5 years old; also good-looking Bay HORSE, 16 hands, coming 6 years. The hbove are tooth perfectly quiet to ride or drive, warranted Sound; mare will suit medical gentle- man; price £3O horse slightly blemished, suitable fur light lorry, van, or brougham; price £l6.—lnquire 29A., ELLERBY- STREET, Ellerby Lane, Leeds.

EXTRAORDINARY VAL A SOLID SILVER KEYLESS WATCH WORTH 25/- IS GIVEN WAY FOR 12/6. Although 12/6 ia only half the price I guar- antee that it is a soltd silv,r case, has a. good jewelled movement and keeps very good time The ordinary retailers' price for this watch is 25/-.

rE. SOLID SlLVitli

KEYLESS

Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad- dress and 1 will send by return, registered, one of these real silver keyless watches. for which you will be thankful. Mention this paper, and address_ P. DBB - RT. Wholesale Jeweller, 10, CH URCII-ST , LIVSRPOOL

WATCHES 12/6

Regular price 25/-

1,17 ANTHD, respectable GIRL, about sixteen, good milker. —Mrs. SADLER, Park lane Farm, Whitefield. near Manchester.

WANTED. good GENERAL, 20 to 24. able to wash, plain cook kc., small family. to willing girl a good home, reference required.—r 3. IHOMPSON, 173, Cardigan-road, Readingley, Leeds.

WANTED, an experienced General SERVANT; very little washing ; etlte age, wage, and references to Efts. S. FELL, 8, Sunny Bank, HudElersfi.ld.

FISH AND FRUIT DEALERS —Splendid opening for an extensive and high-class busfuese, no other in the n.lgbbourhood.—ApplyiACKYON SONS. Garfield Avenue, Manningham, Bradford.

IFF-LICHNCE with tobacco and cigars, sweets and gro- I c, roes ; in a busy tiaoroughfare.—Apyly N. OLIVER, 18), Liverpool-road, Vatricroft, near Mancnester.

(IN SALE. or would lend for keep, Cart HORSE, 16.2, 6 ‘..1 years; also II trness HORSE, 16 hds., 5 years ; if sold, both warranted sound and q 'jet in every respect ; trial allowed.—Apply 27, WOODYA RD. Sweet-street West, Holbeck. Leeds.

VOTlCH.—Parmers. Carters and others.—Choice of three Cart Horses, ages 7 to 9, heights 16 to 16.2 ; good workers in any gears ; one very stout built, with hone and substance, warranted or trial ; £9, £l5, £21.-sjOnnts. West- leigh Mill, Twist-lane, Leigh. W. -

ANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton. Cborley.

WANTED. Immediately. Cooks, Generals, and Housemaid. Waitress. Wages £l2 to .€2O —......11.•0i5rnr, 51, Church. street, Egrernont, Cheshire.

FOR immediate disposal, h mdsnme well bred COB "Fanny," 5 Tears, 15 hands ; good in saddle and harness, double or single; superior action ; no fault; to goal home Twirl accept 20 guineas; satisfactory reasons for selling; perfectly sound ; trial and written guaranteegiven,—BENTON, 27, Lord-skeet, Leigh. Lanc4shire.

TBEA rRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELNNS.

Sole Proprietor aid Manager (Also Lessee of Thettre Royal, Sheffield and Th_atre Royal, Leicester) Mr. WALLACE REVILL , .

Acting Manager and Treasurer Mr. RICHABD SOARS. MONDAY, SRPTF,MBER 9Th, 1895, and during the WEEK.

Mr. IIEVILL has pleasure hi announcing the Imnortant Engagement and First Visit to St. Helena of the Celebrated and World-famed Actress MISS MINNIE PALMER

AND HER

ENTIRE LONDON COMPANY IN THE SUCCESSFUL NEW

===== 0002601_18950907_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
COMEDY OPERA

Entitled—

THE SCHOOL GIRL.

I Written by GEORGE MANCHESTER, Music composed by ALLIkRT MAURICE. The Opera produced by Mr. GEORGE CAPEL, of the Empire Theatre, London. ADMISSION :—Private Boxes, £2 2s. and Li 10s. Dress Circle, 3s. (First Row Dress) ; Orchestra Stalls, 2s. ; Upper Circle, Is 6d. Pit Stills, Is. ; Pit, Bd. ; Amphitheatre, 6d. ; Gallery, 4d, Half-Price at 9 o'clock to all parts, Amphitkeatre and Gallery excepted. Seats may be booked between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily. DOORS OPEN at 7, commence at 7.30. Saturdays half. an-hour earlier. EARLY DOORS will be opened at 630 each Evening. Partiei wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same, on Payment of 2d. extra to Gallery 3d. to Amphitheatre, 4d. to Pit, and 6d. extra to any other Part of the Theatre.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS

PY NAR'S

_ AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARB MARVELLOUS AND RRLIABLR. If you are troubled with Indiges,ion. Wind. or Sickness, DON'T TAKE MEDFCINE. TRY prgAies PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affection Back Ache, Side Ache. Rheumatism, Lunsbago, Sciatica : in act the very worst

Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC, Are Grateful. Comforting, Stimulating. AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES BEST AND CHEAPEST C•iEST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for Sid, by the PropsietOrs. LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RIIYL. AGENTS RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES —Mr J. 13.nnett, Chemist, 32, Victorla-road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr J. R. Young, Chemiat. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow. Central Stores. Mr. J. CS, Walibridge, Chemist, 52, Liverpool Road. ORTIIWICH— dr. A. E. Lewty, Chemist.

IMPE HAL PARLIAMENT Continued from page 3. THURSDAY. In the House of Commons on Thursday when asked by Mr. Fl.Gaxxxx whether the Government would make public during the recess the information they received with reference to the execution of Mr. STOKES and the confiscation of his property, Mr. CURZON said the papers relating to the case were still ins.. perfect. The matter was one to which the hon.. member was justified in attaching • great im- portance, and It would not be lost sight of. Questioned by Sir E. A. BARTLETT as to the charges brought against Mr. Symms and the composition of the tribunal by which he was tried, Mr. CURZON said the documents received by the Government so far did not contain all the inform- ation asked for. The papers were being examined, and he could not at that moment say more than that they showed the case to be of a very serious character. On the motion .for the third reading of the Appropria- tion 13i11, Sir E. A. Berermerr, in the courseof a personal explanation, said that on Tuesday, in consequence of certain incorrect statements in the South African papers, he put a question ta the SECRETARY of STATE as to the character of the investigation which he proposed to make into the atrocities on the natives charged against Boer officials. Mr. CLIAMBERLAIN then replied that he had -absolutely no proof of the a!l.uations. Since then he (Sir E. A. BART- LF:rr) hid given Mr. CHAMBERLAIN letters from eye- witnesms of the atrocities, and he had no doubt that he could obtain other evidence Mr. CHAMBERLAIN said the hon. member ncemed to bs intellectually incapable of distinguishin hetween charges and proof. What he intended to do was to test the evidence presented to him and if he found it accurate he should take the pro- per steps. At two o'clo,tk the SPEAKER was summoned to the flomte of Lords to bear the Royal 'assent given a number L if tills. On his return he shook hands with a number of ! members, and the session terminated.

AINFRICIAN ROCICRII CHAIRS, sale price, 12e. 61. BAMBOO TARLI-S. With tw 'tray.. sale price, 4s, 11 d.—J. and W. DUTTON, Slo:cev-st.. Warring &in.— 440. HOWINTIOLU LINE VS, hemmed and in arked free of charge.—. .anl W. Di.tni, SLa key-s,, Warrin gton.—Adat,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
- - ,

RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY,

MUTED.

Another meeting for the revision of the rules of the above-named society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday evening. Mr. Sales again sccu- pied the chair, and there was a good attendance. Mr. G. Millington said he thought it was necessary to have a list of persons entitled to vote. At present they did not know who was entitled to vote.—Mr. Watson said a register would be provided at the polling booth when the election of committee took place.— Mr. Millington said his difficulty was that under rule 2 any person who made a deposit of l.s. and signed the declaration was a member, and they might make any number of bogus members in that way.—Mr. Ashton said a member was held responsible for three shares.—Mr. Slade proposed and Mr. Poulson seconded that no member should be allowed to vote who was not a member for six months. —Mr. W. Millington moved an amendment that the period of qualification be three months.—Mr. Leadstone seconded.—Mr. James Johnson and Mr. George Rutter having been appointed tollers,it was put tolhe meeting and the amendment was carried.

Rule 13, relatimg to management was then proceeded with. The first paragraph having been read,Mr.Poulson moved an amondment that the committee should be divided into two sections of six each. The first six to take charge of the business at Bur,corn,and the others to have charge of the business at Widnes,and sit at Ditton- road, Widnes. Both committees to sit at the same time and be connected by telephone. Also that the two committees meet as a joint committee at the registered offices once a month. His object in doing so was to fix the responsibility of every department on somebody's shoulders.—Mr. Dudley said he had had the opportunity of going against Mr.Poulson on this matter previously and the only change he had made was in the matter of the telephonic communica- tion. S(eing that there was no seconder he would make a proposition that the paragraph remain as at present.— Mr. Eden seconded.—lt was decided that the first para- graph should remain as at present. With regard to paragraph 2, Mr. Slade moved that it be adopted with the alteration that eight instead of five of the committtee should form a q ioruin.—Mr. Ashton seconded, and it was carried.

On the motion of Mr. Dudley, seconded by Mr. Pick- that' it was decided that no person should be eligible for the committee who had not been a member for more than twelve months.—Mr. Poulson moved and Mr. Ashton seconded that no person should he eligible who did not hold 10 share, in the society.—Mr. Millington moved as an amendment that no member should be ' eligible for the committee unless he held three fully paid up shares in the society, and to hold them six months before the meeting, and to hold them whilst in office.— Mr. Leadstone seconded.—Mr. Poulson withdrew his proposition, and the amendment was carried. Mr. Jabez Stubbs moved that no person should be eligible for the committee who had a "blood relation " working for the society.—Mr. G. Millington said they must not overlook the fact that the society employed over 100 people, and the relations would be debarred from taking any prominent part in the management of the society.—Mr.Dudley spoke in favour of making some alteration in that direction. He said it was a fact that some partiality had been shown, and that where a com- mittee man's son was employed in a shop, the manager had his hands tied. When there was dissatisfaction amongst the employes it was detrimental to the best in. interests of the society.—Mr. Fitzpatrick and Mr. Poul- spoke in support of the proposition.—Mr. G. Millington said he quite agreed that something of that kind was re- quired,but he advised them not to go to extremes. After turther discussion the proposition was carried. Mr. T. J. Holt stated that it had been proposed that three of the committee should retire each half-year. Be (Mr. Holt) was in favour of a constant change on the committee, and he thought no member should be al- lowed to serve more than four years in succession.— Mr. Rogerson said that he would be going to the trouble of educating a man in the business cf the society for nothing.—After further discussion Mr. Holt's proposition was rejected. Mr. Poulson moved the adjournment of the business to Widnes on Tuesday next.—Mr. Moulton seconded, and stated that they should do as they would be done by. The Widnes members had come to Runcorn for two or three meetings, and it was now the turn of the Runcorn mein- , bers to go there.—Mr. Fitzpatrick thanked the last ' speaker for his remarks. The resolution was withdrawn until rules 14, 15, 16, and 17 were passed without altera- tion, and it was then careied. A notice was handed to the Chairman asking him to 5 Call a special meeting at Widnes for the purpose of con- sidering toe action of the committee with respect to Mr. I Thomas Riley's election.

The Catholic priest at Freidheim, Germany, has died suddenly while delivering his sermon after celebrating mass. It is supposed that the wine used at the celebra- tion had been poisoned.

A lad named Butterworth, of Castleton,n.ar Heywood. who was bitten by a. do:raoyeral weeks ago,has now died in terrible agony from hydrophobia.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
- •!:17 !,t _ •In.ri .14 1.-4

ii: ...i x .. it' ,t, , f •1 1-/i4, • , ~k ) "4- .:I,' M , i', ' k i 4, -34 'll ~,-,,4 t 4' ;I:t. r f... 5, .-.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER F.WHEY STSEY.T.

JOHN W ALEER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINE.R SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPwuicn ER COMPaisE frilETrarrington 4. Ifid-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THEEarlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashtem, Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coat field. THESt. Helens Exametner and Preseot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district ccmprisesthe Mitre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King sun. &c. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- _l. noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THEWidiws Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical '1 Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming , unimportant centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in *lithe above papers at one charge. Each of the above papers consists of B pars. 56 long an 1 wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the soltunns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Exanuner ,in ddition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in whieb it circulates, contains the general IIeTSI3 of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad or tisemonts in ALL the FIVB EXAMINERS. 1 VANTEDS, t t TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS, VD.. ON } SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9wo 4 • One Three Six 'Words. 'Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ..................... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 ..................... Os. 9d. ... is. 303. ... 38. Oil. 36 ..................... 18. Od. ... 28. 6d. ... 45. Od. 45 ..................... 18. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... Is. O. 54 ..................... 18. 6d. ... 38. Bd. ... 6s. Od. These Charges apply only to the classes of advertise wont specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and ram von PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale :-- APARTMEN'I9 WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO IT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under 55.

PRINTING! PRINTING!

ISE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER,"

PAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a-day sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Tr Unions, Trading Associations mp flies, the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets Ac. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, 'WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS. ac.

Auctioneers' Sale Sills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sal irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, an Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, Ac.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others tequiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a ria.

=MATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WOE

PROGRAMMES Fos BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES SALES OF WORK. FOB PROGRAMMES Fon BALLS. CES PROGRAMMES Foil ONVERSAZION PROGRAMMES Fort SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOB CONCERTS. FETES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOE

SPECIALITIES: ENVELOPES FROM s. PEEI,2 000. THE NEW REGULATION PGA CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROH 3/9 PER 1000.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL IZINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, FEINTED, AND ROUND IN ANY STYLE.

EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, Pr INTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, . PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS. PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL. HINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. THE "EX AMIN ER " WORKS, ERWSII4 STUD=

'

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BE-1413:11Y STRIIRT. WARRINGTON pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN" PLACARD Single Sheet, sft. 31n. by 3ft. 91n. TR z LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by jolning number of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced lathe Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. ---

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation .for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trine to the biggest mural " Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to hay it...even at" the lowest tender."

===== 0002601_18950907_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WHERE TO. GO FOR MY HOLIDAYS This is a question which is now occupying the a tten lion of hundreds of our readers. Now the various health resorts of the British Islands, as well as the Con- tinent, will be shortly flocked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from my holiday ? Now, any exp rienced medical man will tell you tha a course of some suitable tonic medicine taken during the change will double the beneficial effects of the holi- day. The appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- similating powers of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system will be strengthened, the blood will be purified, and the indispensable "tone "regained by the system, much more 4certainly and effectually by suchia course of medicine taken during the holiday alone or by the medicine alone. Each helps the other, and the ex- perienced in these matters always taxe both together. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice of your tonic. Many so-called remedies are absolutely injurious. There, is, however, one which long and versal experience proves to be absolutely .trustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-known preparation known as G wilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. WHAT ARE ITS EFFECTS? 1. It assists and promotes Digestion. 2. It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It removes all Obstructions and Impurities from the human body. 6. It gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations! See the name of " Gwilym Evans "on Label. Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THE ALLEGED BREAKING OF k WOMAN'S ARM BY I VIOLENCE. At the Warrington Bor.ugh Police Court on Friday, Mary Gleeson, Dutton-St, was charged with assaulting Catherine Robinson, Dutton-St., on the 9th August and also with inflicting grievous bodily harm on the same date. There was a cross summons against Robinson by Gleeson for assault at the same time.—Mr. Browne had appeared for the plaintiff, but stated that as it had been proved to him that her arm was not broken, thouoh put in splints, he withdrew from the case.—Mr. Davies defended, and called Dr. Bowden from the Infirmary, wno stated that the arm was not broken but only con- tused. He (Mr. Davies) contended that Mrs. Robinson charged Mrs. Gleeson with making false statements and went to her house to argue it out. She there forced her way in and broke two vases. Mrs. Gleeson had to for- cibly eject her. Mrs. Robinson denied entering the house and called two witnesses who supports I this statement, and added that they saw Mrs. Gleeson strike complain- ant with a brush upon the arm. Complainant said she had been unable to use the arm since.—Mr. Davies said complainant was seen by SO or 60 people to enter defend- dant's house and after the blow, with her so-called broken arm, to thump at the locked door, and clap her hands.—The Bench came to the conclusion that there were serious falsehoods on both sides, and dismissed the case.

A MUSICAL PASSENGER. At the Warrington Borough Court on Monday,William G. Grier, who was stated to belong to Belfast, was charged with being drunk and disorderly at the Central Station, and also with assaulting some railway passen- gers at five minutes to seven on Saturday night. Samuel Fernsey, a railway policeman,said that the prisoner was taken out of the 6.55 p.m. train from Liverpool on Saturday night in a drunken condition, the other pas- sengers having to hold him down on the carriage floor. He was given in charge of P S. Rowbottom and taken to the polite station.—The prisoner said that he was going from Manchester to Belfast, and on the way he wanted to sing but the rest of the passengers did not seem to be pleased and they held him down on the floor, and had given him a wound near the eve.—A representative from the station said that he could not he going to Bel- fast as he was going towards Manchester. The prisoner however adhered to his statement, and P.S. Rowbottom said that a ticket collector on the station had identified the prisoner as being one from whom he had collected a ticket in the Liverpool train earlier in the afternoon so that it appeared as though the prisoner must have gone to Liverpool and being either drunk or asleep, had come back again. The prisoner was ultimately fined 2s. 6d. including costs. THIRSTY TRAVELLERS. Patrick McGrath and James Govan, both belonging to Newton-le-Willows, were each charged at the Warring- ton Berntigh Court, on Monday, with being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-read, and with bre-111,m,, a square of glass in the window of the Horse and Jockey Inn, on Sunday Morning.—Peers Brimelovv, the landlord of the Horse and Jockey, said that at 20 minutes to 5 on Sun- day morning, the two prisoners awoke him by knocking at the door. On going down to see what they wanted they said that they had come from Chester and wanted a drink. Witness told them they ' had better go to Chester to get a drink, and he then left them. They were partly drunk, and soon afterwards witness heard the window break. P.C. Lewis was near by, and he went after them, and the two prisoners were 10C1sed up—P.C. Lewis gave corroborative evidence.— The prisoners admitted calling at the Horse and Jockey for a drink but denied that they broke the window. The magistrates decide i to fine the prisoners 53. including costs, and also ordered them to pay the cost of the win- dow.

CIIMIGFq OF CRUELTY TO RonsEs. Joseph Taylor, 82 Catherine-street was charged at the Borough Court on Monday with working his horse while man unfit state on August 22nd. P.C. !Inlet) said that the man was, on the date mentioned, driving the horse attached to a lorry laden with a large quantity of water pipes. The horse was swaying from one side to the other, and appeared to be in great pain. Witness or- dered him to take the horse out of the lorry and take it home again.—lnspector Loff R.S.P.C. A. said that the horse was suffering from virrhus cord and was incurable. It had since been killed.—The bench inflicted a fine of 5,. and coste.—A charge of a similar offence alleged to have been committed on AuguQt 24th, by John Walker, Old Hall, Stretton, was adjourned fora month.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN olt CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FRlDAY.—Before Messrs. Alderman Wright (chairman, J. H. Fleming, and F. Monks. FRAUDULENTLY REMOVING GOODS.—James Pritchard, Howley-lane, was fined £.7 13s. and costs for fraudu- lently removing his goods in the • night time.—Mr. Tunstall prosecuted on behalf of the Warrington Land and Property Company. CRUELTY.-I.hn Murphy, 22 Gossage-et.. Simm's , Cross, Widnes, was fined 10s. and costs for cruelly beat- ing a horse on the 13th July.—lnspector Luff stated that the defendant was in the horse fair and was lashing cruelly a horse which did not belong to him.—Detective- Sergeant Monaghan corroborated. A DISORDERLY CHARACTER.—DanieI Crosby, a man with a black record,was committed to goal for 14 days' hard labour for being drunk and disorderly in the. Market-place on the 24th August. A MAINTENANCE ORDER—Henry Jewess, Aiken-st., was charged with deserting his wife Sarah Jewess on the 3rd August and ever since, and neglecting to maintain her family.—Mr. Browne represented complainant, and said that be was obliged to confess that she took drink. Complainant went to visit her relatives in Staffordshire and on her return found the home sold up, and her hus- band refused to maintain her.—Defendant said he would net maintain her as long as she was addicted to drink.— An order for 105. a week was made against him. MONDAY:— Before the Mayor (Councillor James Fair-

dough) and Mr. F. Monks. DRUNKENNESS —For this offence, Patrick Glynn, 17, Dial-stteet. and Kate Ann Jones. 8, Ashton-street, were dismissed with a caution ; Eliza ()Myer and Mary Hanson were orrie ed to leave the town Michael Coyne, ' 9, Dial-street, and Hannah Coyne, 31, Guardian-street, were fined 2a. 6d.; and Jane Johnson,Siiver-square,who made her 42nd appearance, was fined ss. and costs, A CAB DRIVER IN TROUBLE.—Thomas Price, cab driver at the Patten Arms, was charged with plying his cab for hire at 1.10 on Thursday morning without being properly lighted. P.C. Forster proved the case. The defendant said that he had had to wait a long time on the night in question and the candles had gone out.— The Bench discharged defendant but told him he must be more careful. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. J. H. Fleming (chairman) and Dr. T. Starkey Smith. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES—Mt. W. Jones prose- cuted in the following cases of irregular school attend- ance :—Frederick Roberts, 44. Aikin-street, boy sent to the" Clio ; " Samuel Smith, 41, Warburton-street, boy also sent to the " Clio." TEIIIISDAT.—Before Mr. S. Chandley and Alderman Sutton. DRUNZENNESS.—For this off,nce committed in Legb- st., Mary Ann Browne was ordered to leave the town. Bane NO—For begging in Palmyra-square,on Wedner day, John Dowd was fined 55., or seven days.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1895.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. W. C. Jones (chairman), Mr. Z. Armitage, Mr. W. Mortimer, and Rev. G. F.

RAberts. DRUNKENNESS —Emma Clarke, Sankey, and Alexander Flannigan, Sankey, were fined for this offence. DOG AT LARGE.—Richard Walters was fined ss. for allowing his dog to be at large on August 22, at Sankey

Mr. Jenkins: DOO3 he deal very largely with von? Witness: Be is a rather good teistomer.—Answering the Chairman, he said that during the past two or three years the number of persona who visited Croft was about the same. There had been no apparent increase. George Brimelow, who had assiszed Mr. Mains at the bar of the Horse Shoe, testified to customers to large numbers of visitors frequenting the heuse, especially on Sundays. Some of them asked for spirits, but of course could not be served. The house ought to have a wine and spirit licence ; it was situwed amongst the dwellings of the villagers, and he thought it would be an accom- modation to these persons as well as the visitors if they could get spirits at the Horse Shoe, instead of having to go to the General Elliott, or the Joiners' Arms. The na- tives visited Mr. mains' house.—Cross-examined by Mr. Hockin,he said the General Elliott and the Joiners Arms might be able to cater for the requirements of the public, but he thought after a man had spent his money in a place he should have a share in the trade. The Chairman We want to know if the licence is re- quired. We cannot deal with the question of dividing the trade of a place. By Mr. Knowles: Witness. as an old villager.could say that if one Man had all the trade of the village he would not grow fat upon it. (Loud laueliter.) At this juncture the Bench intimated that they had heard enough evidence in favour of the applicant, and expressed a desire to hear what the eppesing, solicitors had to urge against it. Mr. Jenkins asked to he allowed to eall jest one mere witness, namely, Joshua Ball, farmer, of Croft.—The Bench acceded. This witness testified to the resvetability of the appli- cant, but could not speak as to the requirements of the neig,hbourhcod.—ln cross-examination he remarked that it was his opinion that there were sufficient licensed houses in the villa.-' so far as concerned the villagers. At times, when fêtes were held, there was a little diffi- culty in catering. Mr. Hockin contended that the only evidence that had been adduced in favour of the application was as to the respectability of Mr. MAini. Tne evidence of some ot the witness.,3 was actually in favour of the opposition. For instance the Rev. Rector had said that the village did not need the license,and alter this, he (Mr. Hockinl had quite expected that Mr. Jenkins would have ac- cepted the situation, and have withdrawn the applica- tion. Mr. Heckin went on to eentend that the present facilities were ample, and denied that the landlord of the General Elliott had ever had to turn away a single customer because of overcrowding. He then sugeested that the Superintendent should he asked to go at once into the w)tness-box, and that if he said that the license was not needed,the magistrates should dismiss the appli- caticn. After a short consultation between the justices this course was adopted. Superintendent Hieeinbottom was then sworn, and said th,t he had been in the locality for five years. and was of opinion that there was ample accommodation for all persona wha either lived there or visited the place. During the p-st three or four years the visiting public had decreased in numbers rather than increased. . The magistrates witheut retiring, decided to refuse the application. A BILLIARD LICENSE GRANTED. _ .

- -.- John D-rbyshire, licensee ot the Sir Charles Napier beerhou,e, Golborne, Wa9 granted a license to keep a billiard and bagatelle table.

RUNCORN PET f V SESSIONS MONDA.Y.—Refons Mr. James Handley (chairman), Messrs F. J. N)rman, S. Taylor, and E. Imison. POOR ,RATES.—A number of persons were summoned for non-pa.vmeat of poor rates. Orders were made for the atnrunt to he paid within the next fourteen days. Don IVITHOUT MUZZLE.—John Finch, Marsh Gate Farm, Norton, was summoned for allowing a dog to be at large unmuzeed.—P.C. Juett proved the case and a fine of 54, was imposed. NOT USING THE REINS.—John Stewart, a carter of 11, Sutherland-st ,Runcern, was charged with having on the 26th August unlawfully driven a horse and waggon with- out reins. l'.C. Richardson' whe proved the case, stated th it the reins w-re fastened to the collar. The defendant was sitting on the cart. He was fined ss. and 9s. 61. costs. THEFT BY DT/S.—Enoch Shaw (10), John Bowden (13). Thomas Gresty (14), and Stephen Rose (11), were all charged with stealing a pair of opera glassros,c,ne hall of twine, one oilitone, with a quantity of goods includ- ing butter, bacon, matches, tobacco, value Hs. 3d., the goods of John Daniel Shaw,' from the cabin of the flat Herbert at Runcorn, on the 31st August.—The captain (John Shaw, jun.), William Antrobus, watchman, of Robert-street, and James Mitchell, Stanley-street, also gave evidence as to seeing the lads about the flat on the date named and also to capturing three of them. They found tobacco and matches in their pockets.—P.C. Wylie stated that on being questioned the two prisoners acknowledged to haying entered the flat, and they had also some of the stolen property with them. Be brought them to the Police Station and charged them with the offence. They admitted that one was as had as the other, and that there was another lad named Thomas Gresty with them at the time. The following morning he visited the flat in company with Captain Shaw and found that the cabin had been completely ransacked. The door of the cap- tain's private compartment had been forced open and a quantity of articles taken, and placed an a seat outside ready to he removed. He brought all the articles down to the police station. Eva had been thrown about in the cabin and it had been left in a disgraceful condition. —P.C. Gregory stated that he apprehended the lad Gresty, on Sunday morning. On seeing witness the lad ran down Back Arthur-street, but witness succeeded in overtaking him. He at first denied having been with the lads, hut afterwards stated that he had only taken some tobacco, about two yards long, and he threw it into the canal. lie went on the flat to get something to eat—Superintendent Atherton stated that all the prisoners had been previously before the magis- trates. Shaw and Gresty were" polished thieves." The latter had no parents in the town to look after him.— Mr. Norman, who had taken Mr. Handley's place in the chair, said the magistrates hardly knew what to do with the lads. They were a pest to the police officers and everyone else. Grestv would be sent to Knutsford gaol for fourteen days and afterwards to a reformatory. Bowden was ordered to receive twelve strokes with the birch-rod, and tlie other two, on account of their age,six strokes each.—The Chairman asked the parents to look after the lads more carefully in the future.

MESSRS. PETER WALKER AND SONS 17. HIGHTOWN, CREWE.—Saturday brought the terminus of a grand cricket season for Walkers Brewery in their last fixture with Hightown on the Brewery Ground coming out victors by 48 runs. T. Todd batting well for 29,Ashton coming next with a good 18. The good bowling of Walker's would not let their opponents make much headway concluding their innings for 36 out of which Kellett batted well for 14. Walker's can pride them- selves as being the champion junior team in Warrington, because they have beaten almos all corners only being beaten once in the season lay 2 runs, this was by Parting- ton. The batting and bowling averages are very good which will appear later on. After the defeat ef Parting- ton the Brewery team were photographed by Messrs. Psrkinson, Sankey-st. Toe respective scores were as follows : WALKER'S IST XI. RIGHTOWN IST XI. 3 Bailey run out 1 A Morris b Ashton S Ashton C Catterall b G Barrett b Tilling 'Bayley J. Cain b Bayley lO P Gray b Tilling T Allen c and b 13,yley 0 W Carless b Bailey E Allen b Bayley 2 W Kelett run out T Toild b Kellett 29 J Wallsy run out 0 J Tilling c Kellett b Bayley 0 A Bayley not out 1 J Bolton b Bayley W Brookes b Relict 7 W Gray a and b E Allen 3 A G ennon c Wallsy b W Bentley c Ashton t/3 Bayley 6 Allen 0 Unsworth not out Byes 1

Bye 9 1

Total B4 Total CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. WINIVICE C.C.—these teains met on the ground of the latter on Saturday last when the Engineers completely annihilated the Winwick team as an the previous occasion this year. The Engl. nets went in first to bat; but fared badly by losing he fir 4 wicket for no runs,after which they compiled a total of 70 for 4 wickets and then closed their innings. The Winwick team did not last long against the bowling of Harrison and Monks, all being dismissed for 21 runs. Flarison takinc, 6 •.ickets for 6, and Monks 4 for 12. P. Lawless still maintained his reputation by compiling anot hot score of 33 not out. E. Hackett also played very well for 14 not out. Score : EiGINEERS., II WINIVICIC. J Monks e Point b Straw ... 0 Matheson b Harrhon 0 J Hsekett b Matheson Lawless not out 33 Wallaee b Harrison S )1 ow.trcl c Pollitt b Copple b Monks Matheson Harris ,ri b Straw E ttackett not out l4 NV Straw b Harrison WII rhurst To bit S Straw not out 0 Genes ~ Biker b Harrison 0 ifoLM .. Vardy b H trrison 4 W Howard . „ McLaren b Monks 3 Wellfare Able b Monks Extras .. 16 Extras 3 _

Total for 4 wietets... 70 Total 2l PENICETH FRIENDS SCHOOL V. ARPLEY JUNIORS.—At Penketh. S-ore t PENICeTiI FRIENDS. A.RPLEY JUNIORS. Bolton c Hind b Hughes 11 Dunn c A Hartley b Houghton b Hughes B tlytley c B Dutton b Hind b Bolton Jewkes Carte run out 0 Jewkes b Houghton 4 J D .rbt shi.e cll Dutton H Dutton c A H-trtley b B Jewke, Marrow run out W carbyshire 13 Jewkes ... 0 T Houghton b Houghton 0 A Hartley bJewkes 1 B Datton b Bolton ...... .. 0 Plemin! b Jewkei Youde run out 'lhonlson not 0ut...... 0 Johnson not out Extras 2 Extras 5

Total ...... ...... 30 Total 3l SANKEY WESLEYANS V. PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL This match was played at Liverpool-road on SAturday, and resulted in a win for the Friends by t-vo runs. PENICKTH FRIENDS. ' SANKEY WESLEYANS. A Pollard .3 Watkins ...... 3 Llewellyn c Darbyshire b F Pollard c D Roderick b Waring lO I Llewellyn Warinsr b Watkins Darhyshire „ Lirinie ,a Hole ••of t „ Hart sw c Light b Taylor 1 Taylor b Pollard 6 F Lloyd c Light b Watkins run out Llewellr n Ft Lloyd b Watkins Marsden not out 0 Gorst not out Andrews b Watkins Extras 8

Extras 9

Total ....... ..... 75 Total . 73 BIJCBLEY. STREET S. S. V. RICHMOND'S. —Played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in an easy win for the home team by twelve runs. Score : RICHMOND'S. BUCKLEY-STREET. W Darbyshire b Rinch'iff 3 0 Baker c Gibson b Fleet. Pinnegsn run out Darbyshire b F Leech ...... 2 Addison e and b Gibson 7 Taylor rin out 3 0 Pugh hit wkt b Fleet- wood b P Leech Bradley b F Leech 5 J Hinchliffe b Fleetwood 4 F eetwood c J Leech b F Leech b Bradley Hinch'itte Gibson b F Leech Knight li Hinchliff ...... .. 1 Cook not out 2 Knight c F Leech b Hinch- A Leech b Gibson liff. 0 J Pugh hit wkt b Gibson 2 Ratcliffe not out... 0 it Binchilffe at Taylor b Gibson l4 Extras 2

Extras

--- • Total 25 Total PENKETH WES LEYANS VI?. WILKINSIN'S TEAM :—Played at Penketh on SaturJay, the Wesleyans winning easily. Scar. i F WILKINSON'S TEAM. PF.NKETH WEST ETANS. G Dent 1) 11 Bar ow W T Hooper c and b B Wll- 11 Barlow b Dent 24 kinson 6 A Seed b Posnett 6 F Same oa run out SA R DunAbin b Dent FWI kinsen run out 3 0 B Parker c Hooper b 11 Foster lbw b K Wilkinson 4 Foster l9 R Roulledge run out 1 E Wilkinson not out 15 WSW lkinson b B Wilkin- T Davies c sub b Sampson 2 sets M Shipman c CB Psrker b son b Sampson 2 A R Dunabin - s b Dent Rll Posnett bA It Duna- B Ashton at Hooper b bin H Wil.,:inon not out 6 A Bowyer cW T Wilkin- W Yeirsley is A Bowyer 7 son b Dent 0 Extras... 6 Extras lO

Total EARLESTOWN V. MONTON.-4Played at Eatlestown on

Sa—turdao. Scores : EATI.T.ST WN. MONTON. OW Dennis b Banks l3 El) Whittaker b Husband 6 G Hwiband c B Whittaker Rll Whittaker b Husband 11 h Vir Fr..ist 7 Muller c Banks b Tatter- Palmerc Mitchell b Alder- sall F P Clare cll 10 Whittaker J S Whittaker c Bell b b Tattersall Il Bell c Fro- t b Hadfield... 3 W Frost b Alderson 0 F Mitchell c W Tattersall 30 W Tattersall c Alderson J H Alderson b Hadfield... 12 b Huddleson W H Nokes not ono W Huddlwtoa o 111ar.la b Huddleson 0 Hadfield l5 J Marsh (sub) not out ... 3 T Barker not out ll 14 Hadfield b Husband ... 0 C W Emmett to bat band 0 Extras 8 Total B6

Extras l6

Total for 8 wickets —231.

.

HOWLEY-LANE BAND OF HOPE. The children attending the Howley-lane Band of I Hope, numbering upwards of 250, partook of tea in the Temperance Hall,llowley-lane,on Tuesday even- ing, the tea being provided by Mr. John Naylor, of Beeston Towers. The arrangements had beep made by Messrs. W. H. Pearce. George James, and W Roberts, and gave every satisfaction,and the tables were presided over by a number of the young ladies who attend the Band of !lope. The catering was in the hands of Mr. John Toft, of Bridge-St. After the tables had been removed a concert was given, a large number of the parents and friends of the chil- dren attending. An excellent miscellaneous pro- gramme had been arranged by Mr. James,the secre- tary. Mr. John Naylor presided. The choir, com- posed of a number of boys and girls attending the society and several of the workmen at Howley Mills, sang " Temperance boys and girls" and "Me beacon light with good effect. Mr. E. L. Pearce ;sang "Before I had taken the pledge "in grand style, and together with his sister,Miss Mabel Pearce, was equally successful in two pianoforte and violin solos. The remainder of the programme was made up of recitations, dialogues and songs by he children. A mrtAt enjoyable evening was brought o a close about 10 p.m. YORKSHIRE V. LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT WATER

POLO M ATCH. A water polo match, Liverpool and District V. Yorkshire was played in the open air lake at the Winter Gardens, Southport, on Saturday, before about 500 spec-ator4. Teams :—Liverpool and District: C. Morris (Everton), goal ; S. Beaman (Warrington) and W. Williams (Diamond T.), backs; J.F. inegan (Sefton). half back ;T. Locker (Warrington), T. Ripley (St. Helens), and J.Formby ( Everton), forwards. Yorkshire: S. Thompson (Bradford), goal ; S. Womersley (Batley), .T. Wood- head (Wakefield), backs ; J. Wingfield (Hunslet), half back ; H. Thornton (Bradford), W. Lodge (captatn, Wakefield), and W. Fothergill, forwards, The Lancashire men won the toss,and took the end with the sun at their backs. Blinded by the sun. the Yorkshire custodian soon let the ball roll through, but the score was equalized within five minutes. Many fouls occurred, but the shiny sur- face of the water exposed to the brilliant eun,hine made it impossible for the spectators to concen- trate their gaze on the lake for many seconds at a time. The play continued pretty even, but neither goal keeper when at at the bright end could see the ball, and the goals there registered were of a fluky character, Eventually the Red Rose representa- tives won by four goals to two, the players finding the water very cold. Mr. A. E. Birch (captain of the Southport Swimming Club) was referee. A flying squadron race across the lake and back was well contested, Liverpool winning by 16 seconds.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

ANNUAL LICENSING SESSIONS. The annual licensing sessions for the Warrington County Petty Sessional Division took place at the Court House, Newton-le-Willows, on Saturday morning, before Messrs. T. J. UillespiO (in the chair), R. Stone, C.B. F. Borron, S.S. Brown, and Colonel Wood. SUPERINTENDENTS' REPORTS. Superintendent George Brassington's report was as follows :—" Within the townships of Golborne ond Hay- dock, which form the Wiean p-irtion of Warrington petty sessional division, are 32 licenseersons, viz.: 13 innkeepers, one spirit grocer, and 18 ..leersellers (13 on land five off the premises), being the same as compared with last year •, 117 persons have been proceeded against for drunkenness and drunk and disorderly con- duct,being an increase of 46 as compared with last year. There i 9 one application for a license to keep a billiard and bagatelle table at the Sir Charles Napier beerhouse, Gelb( rue. The houses, generally speakidg, have been well-conducted, and I have no objection to make to the renewal of any of the licences." He assigned as the principal reason for the increase in drunkenness the colliers' strike in 1893.—Superin- tendent J. flig,ginbottom, of the Leigh section of the division, reported as follows :—The number of licensed persons is the same as last year : Licensed victuallers, 45 ; beer-sellers (on premises), 16; beer-sellers (off prem.. 6es), five ; grocers and wine licenses, two ; total, 63. During the year one licensed victualler had been con- , victed. There is one new appl,cation for a license—that of Isaac Mains, landlord of the Horse Shoe Inn, beer- house, Croft, who applies for a licensed victualler's license. The comparative return of persons licensed and proceeded against for drunkenness shows an increase of 49 proceedings for drunkmness compared with last year. This increase I consider is principally due to the colliers' strike in 1893, is the number in 1894 was the lowest for nine years. Generally the licensed persons have con- ducted their houses satisfactorily, and there have been

few complaints. The in4p;istrates inquired if there were any objections to any of the old licenses bein2 renewed. Superintendent Brassington and Iligginbrittorn intim- ated that they had no objections to raise to the

renewals. The Bench then renewed the licenses held in both divisions. TRANSFICR OF A HAYDOCK PUBLIC-TIOUSE. Harriet Alice Tunstall applied for the transfer of the license of the Huntsman Inn, ilaydock, lately held by her husband, now deceased.—There was no objection made, and the application was granted. APPLICATION FOR THE RE-BUILDING OF IN INN. Mr. T. Garner. solicitor, submitted to the Be ch n plan tor the proposed re-building of the Ram's Head, Haydock. The owners of the house were Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., who had been centernolating certain alterations to the premises since 1889. Various plans had been prepared, so that the convenience and requirements of customers might be better attended to. The conclusion, however, which the owners had come to was that the alterations set forth upon the various plans would not, if carried out, prove satisfactory, but that the best course would be to re-build the house entirely One additional room would be made, the " snug " in the old building would be dispensed with, and the commer- cial-room would be made somewhat smaller, so that a lavatory might he provided. The plan he had handed up to the Bench would show their worships that two additional bedrooms would be erected, a bathroom, and a private staircase, &c. There would also be a distinct and second bar for the outdoor trade ; there would be ventilating sheaves in each of the public rooms,whilst a new drainage scheme would be laid down to the satisfaetion of the local administrative authority. The Flaydeck Urban District Council had approved of the plan, after having made certain suggestions which would be carried out to their satisfaction. He hoped the magistrates would likewise express their approval of the plan. The Chairman drew the attention of Mr. Garner to the fact that access could be gained to the back yard of the house through a door near to the second-class bar. They did not think it advisable to have back entrances. Mr. Garner observed that any suggestions which came from their Worships would be attended to. The Chairman asked Mr. Garner if, supposing the justices approved of the plans, his clients would consent to the closing of the back door leading into the yard should the police see any necessity for it.. Mr. Garner replied that he thought they would con- sent. The Chairman then said that they had no objection to the plans except what they had already referred to. AN APPLICATION REFUSED. Mr. Jenkins made an application on behalf of Mr. Isaac Mains, landlord of the Horse Shoe Inn, Croft, for a full licence te enable him to retail wines and spirits. His client had occupied the Horse Shoe Inn as a beer- house for 22 years. during which time no objection had been made as to the conduct of his house either by the police or the public. He had steadily effected improve- ments in the premises for the convenience of his cus- tomers and the development of his trade. Only five years ago he had caused to be erected a large dining- room for the accommodation of visitors from a distance who resorted to his house to hold parties, &o. Mr. Mains would do anything reasonable, which the Bench might deem desirable, to further improve the premises. A number of the principal inhabitants of the township would be called as witnesses to support the application, and in addition to thae his client had obtained the ap- proval of the Rector of the parish and also of the Roman Catholic priest. He had likewise a petition in favour of the applieatien, signed by several of the ratepayers. Mr. J. W. Knowles, who appeared on behalf of Samuel Daxon, the landlord of the Joiners' Arm's, Croft; and Joseph Vi'histon, grocer of the Same locality, for the put, pose of opposing the application, said he understned it was the practice of that court not to accept petitions of this kind, and he, thet4ore, objectel to Mr. Jenkins making mention of memorials or petitions. The Magistrates' Clerk upheld Mr. Knowles' objection, whereupon Mr. Jenkins remarked that he would drop it Paying that he had plently of material to support his case with- out handing in the petition. His cUts t '.i premises were in every way suitable to meet all requirements that would be made upon them if he obtained the license to sell wines and spirits. It was now a matter of great in- convenience to persons visiting the Horse Shoe Inn that they could not there obtain spirits and wines. Mr. Mains had frequently been asked for them, but could not supply such needs, and his customers had conse- quently to leave him and go elsewhere. /fader all the circumstances he though the application was a very reasonable one. William Walker spoke to having prepared the plans which had been handed up to the magistrates for their inspectim.—Cross-examitted he said the nearest fully- , licensed house was the Joiners' Arms, 242 yards away ; the next was the General Elliott, 429 yards distance Isaac Mains, the Applicant, gave testimony corrobor- ating Mr. Jenkins' opening statement. He had purchased the Horse Shoe Inn in 1880, and had sine, laid out a ctn. siderable sum of money in improving it. Large numbers of visiters from all the country round patronised his house, and inconvenience often occurred through his not possessing a spirit license.—Crom-examined by Mr. Heckle, the selinitor for the landlord of the General Elliott and who likewise opposed theapplication, witness answered that it was true the residents and the travel- I ling Public could procure wines and spirits at the General Elliott. The population of the rewnship had not Increased to his knowledge since 1880. In 1891 the estimated population was 914. He could not say that there was now more difficulty in obtaining spirits than II e i. The Rev. Henry Isaac Wadesen, rector if Croft, testis fled to baying known the applicant for some time. Hi.. family was a most respectable one, and the applicant was also a man of much respectability. He knew the Horse Shoe Inn, and considered that Mr. Mains was quite fitted to hold a full licence. He would conduct , the house quite as respectably as any other person I would.—Cress-examined, the rev, gentleman said he did not consider that the granting of a. spirit licence to this house would improve the village, neither was he ' aware that there was any need for this licence —Cross- eve mined also by Mrs Knowles, the Rev. H. I. Wadeson replied that a great many people visited the village of Croft on Sundays. Mr. Knowles :—Do you as a Chrietian man and a parson suffer very much inconvenience from the visits of these people ? The Rector :—I think they are a great drawback to the place.—Replying further to Mr. Knowle's question, wit ness said bethought there were plenty of public-house- in Croft already. Samuel Thomason, farmer, asserted that the applicans was a respectable man, a, d that the full license wa- very necessary.—Cross-examined by Mr. Knowles, wits ness said he had entered the Horse Shoe Inn thrice that year; he had never suffered inconvenience. Reginald Owen. an overseer of the parish, also thought the Horse Shoe Inn should have a full license. He had very often heard persons express a desire for spirits while in the hence, and it was decidedly objectionable to hie mind, that customers shmilel have to leave one house for another because they mild not get what they desired.—Cress-examined by Mr. Hortrin : The present state of things had existed for many years.—Replring to the Chairman, witness said the General Elliot was often overcrowded in consequence of the Horse Shoe net hav- ing a full license.--In further cross-examination witness admitted that he was a brewer, but had nothing what- ever to do with the General Elliott. Mr, Jenkins (to witness): Have you anything what- ever to do with Mr. Mains' house? Witness : No, sir. Mr. Jenkins: He does not purchase from you a larger quantity of beer than most of your other customer 3 ? Witness: No sir; I wish be purchased more. (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_18950907_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKF.T.

( 1 80. G. HUSSEY & C 4)., Al un leading malcars of appli- '.)l" ances for Football, Hockey. Golf. Lacrosse and all Spo,tsand Games,also forpymnast um and Physical Exercises. illustrated Catalo;tue mw be obtained from Local Dealers or the SPORTS MANUFACTORY, London S.F. WARRINGTON V. LITTLE LEVER —There was another I capital attendance at the Arpley enclomre on Saturday attracted no doubt, by the fact that in the Little Lever, ranks are J.T. Tyldesley and C. Smith, of Lancashire county fame. The home side were short of several players, whilst the visitors had their usual strong eleven doing duty, and were evidently bent on wiping out the substantial defeat infliated in July. The fielding of Warrington was steady, if not brilliant, but exception must be made of the smartness of G. Clarke, who earned repeated cheers for his brilliancy. Score and bowling analysis:— LITTLE LEVER. WARRINGTON. Towler b ,mith Smith lbw b Crosfield 2 Knutton Tyldesley b Clarke 3l W if Podmore c ant b Pool c Bate; b Clarke... Clegg c C,llen b Crosfield.. 7 D Plomer c Towler b Northrop b crosfield Knutton not out 59 Wll Sharpe b Knutton... 0 bimm not out Bat .s c Towler b Northrop 25 J Canon b W Smith Clarke n .t oat

Extras lO

Extras

Total 177 Total B3 BOWLING ANALYSIS. LITTLE LEVER. 0. M. R. W. WARREIGTON 0. M. R.W. _ J J Orasfield 2B 9 44 3 P-nny R Smith Bat e 3 G Clarke 13 England 2 0 4 0 C Pool 1 0 4 0 Knutton bowled a 1.0-ball. LITTLE LEVER V. WAERINOTON (SECOND ELEVENS).— The return fixture between these second elevens took plarw on the ground of the former on Saturday. anl resulted in a draw. The home captain was successful with the toss, and elected to bit, sending in Messrs. I. amd G. Ashworth, who together made the biggest stand of the afternoon, their partnership real;zing 123 runs. With the total at 158 for three wickets (all of which stood to the credit of Bibby), Warrington opened with Messrs. Adamson and Bibby, but very little could be done with thy bowling, and only two succeeded in gett- ing double figures (Adoration and Hompoon), and at the call of time eight wickets had fallen for 79 runs. Score : LITTLER LEVER. WARRINGTON. Joseph Ashworth b Bibby.- 64 Adamson e &holes b GI Ashworth at Duckworth Hollows b Bibby Hallows m-it out .. Yearlon b Bibby 2 Brown c Reynolds b Waters not out 2 Hallows Hompson at Brown b Livesay ,. 29 Duckworth cA h Allen _ 0 Silcock c GI Ashworth b Hallows Crompton run out Woods 13 Livesay Ashton not out 4 Hayes not out Sub did not bat Extras

Extras 6

Total (for 3 wkt5)...158 Total (for 8 wkte)... 79 ORFORD IJARRACKS JUNIORS V. WILDERSPOOL JUNIORS —This match was played on the ground of the former. and resulted in a victory for Or ford Barracks by an inn- ings and 41 runs. 'rhe visitors were unable to cope with the deliveries of Chamberlain and Wallace, the former performing the hat trick and taainn eleven wickets for 14 runs and the latter six wickets for twelve runs, Ray three wickets for Mx runs. Wilderspool Juniors, first Innings, 20 ; second innings, 14. Orford, 73,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday afternoon. Mr. C. B. F. Borron,J.P., C.C., presided, and there were also pre- sent Messrs. T. Ormand, W. Gilmour, P. MacMahors, J. Simpson,J. Smith, J.P., J. Slee, E. T. Evans, W.Thomp- -83/1, jun., W. Beatty, F. J. Smith, Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, J. E. Woreley (law clerk), and R. Brierley (clerk and

surveyor). - THE LATE COLONEL MCCORQIIODALE. The Law Clerk said that in conformity with the desire of the Council at the last meeting he had forwarded a copy of the resolution passed under the common seal of the Council to Mrs. McCorquodale at her residence at Gadlys.—The Chairman said he had received a letter from Mrs. McCorquodale thanking the Council for their expression of sympath7.—On the motion of Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. Ormand, it was decided to place the _

letter on tlie minutes. HIGHWAYS, ETC., COMMITTEE. The minutes of this committee which we published last week were passed unanimously on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Thompson. GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE—MR. MeCMARON REQUIRES AN EXPLANATION. . - .

The minutes of this committee which we published in our last issue contained a long correspondence between the committee and Mr. F. W. Webb, of Crowe,with re- gard to the water supply. Their confirmation was moved by Mr. Smith and seconded by Mr. Simpson.—Mr. Mac- Mahon objected to the minutes referring to the corres- pondence of the sub-committee on the water question. He wanted an explanation of that correspondence, and he wished to resign his position on the sub- committee.—The Chairman : You are out of order. It will be very well to make a personal explanation as to the reason of your resigning your position after the minutes have been dealt with.—Mr.MacMahon contended that he was in order. He had a right to ask for an explanation.— Mr. Gilmour asked at what time in the sub-committee's proceedings did they take Mr. MacMahon into their con- fidence as a member of the sub-committee.—Mr. Smith said that he was not aware that Mr. MacMahon had not been taken into confidence.—Mr. MacMahon : I ask you on whose authority was the correspondence of March 20 passed between Mr. Webb and the sub-committee ap- pointed to act. During the time I have been appointed on that committee I have not been summoned.—Mr. Smith: The correspondence was made on the authority of the sub-committee.—Mr. MacMahon : It has not. have not been acquainted with it. lam a member and yet I have not been summoned.—Mr. Gilmour : I have not yet had an answer to my question. I demand an answer.—The Chairman : I rule you out of order.—Mr. Gilmour: I wish to have an answer to my question.— Mr. MacMahon : And I have not yet had any explana- tion of the conduct of the committee.—Mr. Gilmour (to Mr. Smith) : At what stage was Mr. MacMahon ac- quainted with the proceedings ?—Mr.Smitli : My answer is, I cannot answer you.—Mr. MacMahon : As long as you carry on hole and corner meetings you will not be able to answer.—The Council then divided on the minutes, and for them,there voted the Chairman,Messrs. Wood, Siropson, Smith, Thompson, Slee, and Kave-7 ; against, Messrs. MacMahon, Gilmour, Beatty, and Or- mand-4. The minutes were therefore carried. bCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.—CHARGES AGAINST A scßoot,. Mr. V nod moved, and Mr. Smith seconded, the adop- tion oft 's committee's minutes—Mr. MacMahon said that he m ticed that certain charges made by the school attendanc • officer against a certain school were not on the mime os. He moved that they be added.—Mr. Beatty seconded.—Mr. MacMahon (continuing) said that Mr. Ball had come before the committee with a charge against the Havdock schoel that two children had been sent back from the school because they had not their pence. This ought to have been put upon the minutes and ought to be investigated. He characterised Mr. Ball's statement as a unfounded charge.—The Chairman said that it would be bettor to refer the matter to the committee.—Mr. MacMahon accordingly moved this with the proviso that the charge be put upon the minutes of the next meeting. He would ratlva• move a vote of censure on the school attendance officer on the ground that he was not a fit and proper person for his p (" Oh, oh").—Mr. Smith thought that the matter had better be adjourned. He believed he would be able to put the matter in such a light as would satisfy the members.—Mr. Batty, as a manager of the school in question, said that Mr. Ball's statement was altogether unfounded.—Mr. Ormand said that the matter had been referred to the committee to look into and examine the charges made by Mr. Ball. He thought that the matter could be brought before the special committee to report upon.—The Clerk: Your amendment, Mr. MacMahon, is that Mr. Ball's report be referred back to the committee. —Mr. MacMahon : I want the charge put upon the minutes. Mr. MacMahon then agreed to the proposed amendment, and Mr. Beatty seconded and it was carried.—The minutes of the committee were then carried.

TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE. The minutes of this committee which appeared in our last issue were passed on the motion of the Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, seconded by Mr. Thompson. A LETTER FROM FATHER LEEMAN. The Chairman said that he had received a letter from Father Lerman with refetence to the charges made by Mr. Ball against the Haydock school.—Mr.Smith moved, and Mr. Thompson seconded, that the letter be referred to the School Attendance Committee.—Mr. Gilmour moved, and Mr. MacMahon seconded, that the letter be read at Ogee. Mr. Gilmour was proceeding to speak when Mr. Smith interrupting said that Mr. Gilmour was entirely out of order.—Mr. M4eMahon : Who is chairman of this Board I want to know P—The Chairman: You must give notice of that question. (Laughter.) After other acrimonious discussion, the motion of Mr. Smith WAS carried, the following vcting tor the letter to be referred to the Committee Messrs. Simpson, Smith, Thompson, Slee, and K4VR; against, Messrs. MacMahon, Gilmour, Beatty, and Evans—Upon this Mr. Beatty left the room saying that as the letter was not read, he would withdraw hem the Committee. After further routine business, the meeting was termivated.

1•01......1•1•1•1101•1•1•••••••••M••••..........".".."-- INDIGEsTIott T 0 IA HE whole medical profession the Ivor'''. • over is engaged in an earnest search for ..,, some remedy which will cure ludigee tit)°, 1 Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statisizetic& . show that nearly half the deaths M civild ; countries are caused by diseases of the sten:veil ~ and kidneys. Hitherto the remoslies prescribed •., by the medical profession for Indigestion havo : been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler • , Curative Compound does cure Ingestion. It the most wonderful medicine in exi,tence, a few' doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most/ chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince do sufferer that we make none but true statenientsb. . Price 3./1% and 2/6, of all Chemists ; or sent free .! f'proxariset on receipt of 14 or stainPg by "tgl°t".. ;:i

===== 0002601_18950907_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
_ WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

SPECIAL MEETING. A special meetine of the above Board was held in the Workhouse on IN ednesnay, under the presidency of Mr. William Houghton, to consider the recommendation of a sub committee of the Kitchen Repairs Committee that the tender of Messrs. Bradford, of Manchester, for the supply of a new boiler and other additions and improve- ments to the conking apparatus for the sum of £238, exclusive of brick work, be accented. The attendance also included—Messrs. S. Davies (senior vice-chairman) and G. Pilling (junior vice-chairman), the Revs. W. Moore, T. R. Matthews. and J. H. Riddette ; Messrs. J. Billinge, J. Clarke, J. Dienum, J. Houghton, W. Hick- man, T. Halton, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, A. Lang, T. B. Malkin. G. Thompson, and J. Warburton, with Messrs. J C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), C. H. Ward (master), and H. M. Mines (superintendent Pad- gate Schools). The ASSISTANT CLERK in reading the minutes produced a letter of resignation from Nurse Lockhart, who said that the great strain she had borne had rendered her un- fit to go further without some rest. She theretore re- signed in order to get that rest which was so desirable. A letter, written just before the meeting of the Board, further explained that Nurse Lockhart had tendered her resignaticn not because she did not care for the position —on the contrary, she was wishful of retaining it. She, however, understood that it was against the rules of the Board to grant an holiday to anyone who had not been in their employ twelve months, and had thought that there was no alternative hut to resign in aroer to gain a short rest. She would he willing to withdraw her resig- nation if the Guardians would allow her a short leave of absence. Mr. CLARKE moved that the minutes and recommenda- tions of the Kitchen Repairs Committee be accepted. In referring to the sum proposed to be spent in erecting new boiler, kn., he remarked that the sum of £2.38 would perhaps seem rather large to the members of the Board,but it had happened rather unfortunately for them that the cooking apparatus had broken down at the same time as the boiler, which made it seem like double ex- pense. The committee now recommended that the ap- paratus for cooking and baking should be divided. They had previously been joined, which perhaps had a tendency towards wearing out the cooking portion sooner than it might have been had they been divided. The committee had found that they had no alternative but to replace the old apparatus by new. They had carefully considered the estimates on Saturday, and had decided to adopt that one tendered by Messrs. Bradford. There would be, no doubt, a saving of fuel effected, which would possibly recoup them for the extra outlay. With regard to the resignation of Nurse Lockhart, he thought it ought to stand. It was a rule, as she understood, that they did not erant holidays to those who had not been in their employ for twelve months, and she ought not to be allowed to play fast and loose with the Board like this. Before folks sent in their resignations they should first satisfy themselves whether they intended to leave or not. (Hear,hear.)—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded.—Mr. Tnosrasox suggested that Nurse Lockhart be brought before them to give her reasons more fully.—The CHAIRMAN : She has already explained them in her two letters. I think it would be rather unusual to act as you suggest -- The CLERK intimated that if the whole of the minutes of the committee were approved it would really constitute an acceptance of Nurse Lockhart's resignation which was contained in the first letter. The second letter had only been written that morning, and was not, of course, included in the minutes. He advised the Board simply to deal with the minutes only as far as concerned the repairs to the boiler, Sze.—Mr. CLARKE remarked that with the consent of his seconder he would amend his motion and exclude the resignation of Nurse Lockhart. —Mr. ía. J. JOLLEY assented.—The CLERIC observed that the matter relating to the nurse related properly to the House Committee, who would consider it at their next meeting. —The minutes were then put as amended, and were carried, the Clerk being instructed to prepare a contract, and to submit the same for the pproval and seal of the Board.

- • _ lommilllllll6.l.llmillll

===== 0002601_18950907_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
, RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUINCLIA.

----- A meeting ot this Council was held on eccuto , noon at Dutton Workhouse Mr. Mclntyre, J.P" presen pied the chair, and there 'were . also t Adrnirs ' L Darer • Parry, Messrs. J KJ. nowles, J. Weir, T. 1,009. w• , roes shire, W. Holt, G. Pilling, T. Wright, James Prill• Jap,,, Whitlow, James Brandreth, J. M. Williams. ii• E.,..-:,;,:i, wood, W. Turner, r. Baxter, C.O , S. B. Chadwlr%-ro• J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. `tre4,,,lf,' (medical °ffieer), Messrs. Swinton and ''''' (surveyors). Tuesd,y. after-

A letter was renaEdistrßoYm WATER SUPPLY. nd Messrs. Potts, diner, of , Chester, who stated that they were ina'?"i' by the Helsby and Diitrict Water ComparlY, l','„,nl teed which had been recently incorporated for the P`',,asvect. Potts a ~ „red pnrliov!ding a water supply to Heisbv, to apply 0' joy were eion to lay pipes in certain highways in flelstiv• ..a. deo and toprtelfeared to lay the pipes under the superintee reasonable satisfaction of the Suryryorr....., The to reinstate. e roadway in a satisfactory marine Clerk explained that the Council had P e r viouso lv gra' 1 y ' permission to Mr. Brandreth G and Mr. rd the water pipes in some of the highways shown water submitted, and he d ' pi.-1 id not see the nececsity of ()Chard thot pes being laid in the Same rnads —I,, was deride t applicants to o, the Clerk witte, askin o the ' . better defina ~. ground they intended -to covey, A BAD ROAD AT LOMB BROOE• ~. 01 , A communication from Mr. J. Charlton f4r*kia Grappenhall flayes,was read in. which he adced the fOf " • a o' le attention of the Highway Coo' to the state osor road tt huondr Lomb Brook Bridge. It was now a° ,000 an hollow t d ow that there was a pool of water at the Pitt op! moment taking up the middle of the roadway. Ir 00 bad enough now hut would he crorSe in winter• of the the d ' now. . duty of the Ship Canal Company as 06011 road Bridgewater Canal to keep this portion of the toaoternder, and no time should be lost in urging t.hefirnree. di dto it.—Mr. Whitlow said the road reqmre hester diate attention.—lt was aereed that the gall° vett' Ship Coned Company be written to, calling their a tion to the matter. _ . . OFFENSIVE BONE TRUCES AT FRODSOO ~ :oaken writ,. - g again on September 2ad,Mr. Char ie3 ''-'i.i'e Dooe of FroclFham, stated that the nuiance frore °lb" 00. trucks it Frnish am S'ation still Ternainf'd °,.,,,,g,,,s WO Since writing on the 17th ult , the stench fora ~,- on had been almost co itinuous. from day t° ,dl.,°;.seidin,,f, Saturday morni 4 g there were six trucks in "-"001,1 le' and that morning there were five trucka. Ile c/0 i 0 the glad to know what the Authority proposed to take all matter, as in the event of their declining t° .d outaid! action he must do so himself —Mr. Williams sa,,,' s whier„, Mr. Linaker's complaint, there was a foothril roan, was close to the station, and %chic nession people had to pass. He had had terrible. to go that way and the smell wa9 centPael They had written repeatedly to the railwa9 lowttere,: and they had promised to remove the truck' /t,cided orn hut as yet nothing had been done.—lt wag ~„ De 3g871 the motion of Mr. Brandreth, that the conaPe": rppeate written to, stating that if the nuisance *r3,4tuteci• after a certain date proceeding% woulcl Ps ins I auTErOgrr . nol Ili i A THE PROPOSED PORT SANITARY - . LivelP- ro , letter was read from the rown Clerk el , ton fr 0.,.„ ' which he stated he had received a commorn°' the 011 r ' the Local Government Board with reference tto ole Canal ,for which the Board appeared to think I .orts por,t that a joint Boar I should be constituted to ,c_„olleite.!: , Sanitary Authority for the customs port of ma:'„ ote, , and they suggested that a conference of rilerpoo. ' orities and the Port Sanitary Authority 0f I- f• ; I should take place at an early date to d'sou,aa `...50 Aot The Corporation of Liverpool 0 the Fort e,an.n a oofe , ority of Liverpool would be pleased to join. in , ,000 f , n the. ''„a tO once and suggested that it should be he i held dewee l'forw .0 Hall, Liverpool, during the month. They represeetne know if the Council would apnoint attend it. The Clerk stated that he ' 13aOm t° thol rePre 1. : Government Board informing them tt dal eø8 .4 sent ves would be ablo to meet on any .t Tuesdays. REPORhet thee W 0 MEDICAL OFFICS ER'T. re Dr. Adams, medical offic.er, reported t and on tie :1 five fresh cases of scarlet fever at Merge, tro°6oosoo' 't terminated fatally. In accordance •with vow,. for c,-,,,r0 .t. had examined the houses and found no "opts. "rui,to, plaint with regard to the sanitary arrartge'llnd he a;asa was also a case of scarlet fever at AWII 37, red.gurtoo fie buted the cause to a smell farm a farre , ;:) stated that he had received a letter frore .s p' rernit,l'see Fredsham, complaining of a bad Well 'ln hi the Pre.„.'iiiclae Mr. Farrington stated that he had exatnine er gas ' tD ' and found that there was an escape of sevi ittpl.ordeo t° 01' ' was due to structural defects. Be had lb, yy owner of the property.—lt was agreed on „ referre 101 tion of Mr. Heywood that the ma odsbaal tter bt, Faroe the sewer committee of the - r 11 , r Committee. ..natioa ,4 NUISANCE INSPECTOR'S llial''"of Deco,- b fa , Mr. Farrington asked that a certificate he granted f tockton ta,7,or y ~ or two new houses at S ~,000 ot .0 Mr. John Jeff ' Fries and also one for 3" d. '.., 'tante 1 , for Mr. Walter Ch;imes. These were 5, ranted SUPPLY OF ROAD MA c'° to Vitege A committee was selected from the C,',ltnitted Op toe , the samples and consider the contracts OW Jed ttia.,vibig supply of road material. Thev recomivernhree f°ll,4° l' en' r, orders of the Council be placed with the - % ID, corn„s"" pell'r firms : Messrs. Brundrit and Co.. °' an ed oe'' f I'efri maenmawr ; Messrs, Kneeshaw,LoPtontd , also nl°4 maermawr, and Messrs. Darbyshire, 1," the maenmawr. The recommendationa 0' were accepted. .. ' This concluded the htlail ; NTS, i A ADIA.- .1 RUNCORN BOARD OF 000 1 rd'r it 1 ----- n o Bna ohs the re A meeting of this Board was held i afternoen• there • 111 i at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday gars and Geetoo. 0., was occupied by Mr. Joseph Nnowlest 1 big ' 0.. As slt the same members present as at the ,i gr Ashton (, . ell addition to Mr. J. Ash 1k) an- tatie Os , oer • tjo _. (deputy clerk). The public auditor wis tr ~r ofow Phe tv, oesz he had examined the accounts and h°°'-thst and he submitted his cer'tificate statine' .02.80 D nter ' found to be correct. The hatanee or,':-,,tnelaft• 0 agreed with the balance which apneare-.; The Local Government Board wrote f°" ,sineovrs vecl co stating that subject to the provision 0 sppro 01 opposite sides of the ward, , thlarnitera" oose. , the plans of the additional iron 4, 0 VVorl'Avrie the Guardians proposed to erect al, '' gessr'' olow' A committee consisting of Admiral Parr% or the Darbyshire, and the Clerk wee aPlntetire t°„,,Peot,f of Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. l'er„ at' P' ~ latr"v4 I pauper lunatics chargeable to the Ilrech;00 apF", OA , Chester Asylum.—Another cant-Ilia& conferrnoeiviairr attend the North Western Poor LaCV Ml • flee held at Ulverston on the 28th Sept erobeor; me,os. ito , Proposed that the committee consist ' wood.lro pli Brandretn, Knowles, l7Villiamia, and 116,iffere3hero Clerk. Messrs. Williams and Wry° of tffie °toe C.eteg their own expenses and the exnenaea‘ the Villanntgalt, b. paid by the Union.—The report etd. ,ptae a lief, /00 , mittee was presented by Mr. ileyw°° p fOr °tit:: 010 recommended the payment of checlne-,osired .• rPo ol £3O petty cash. He (Mr. Heywood) e_...tietio Pei, ettlis, that the cheque paid at the last BOardh,,'" kept bad Cerscl to the Cheshire County Council t° b".the Cenregeemfer_,_ they had the money in hand,althrog bo no"„rod ,„"tslrl cil were in a hurry for the stint, they c,s, in t'tl g P'AOr I it. although it could be met, and lea receive flonl ti £6OO. Since last Board day he ha veinal,. tool, tott from Mr. William Sutton. assistant an ..,,,at la, eh DO,OO in which he complained of the reperiti,"'aithoegi'Deleosui the only place that bad paid ths 0 ting ttr'''tect, 001 paid their call en the 191 h. The Web_ roof sit 419 the 20th and therefore it could not , tow,. a1r,•14.,et: having gone through the ordinarY Ol 'wen ri:ffilit Iv' was correct in saying the moneY had t. 0 moved the adoption of the rePnr his Yr ted• seconded, and the report was adop dO business of public it_nret2:.....„_____., 07 trill A ' 0 band. tb WV BEAUTY AND PURITY go hanu I ~ , heal the foundation of health and happines,"lr skin.,,,sei se of cle' bp f 1/1 of pure blood •, happiness becau ,ttered , ,„,, 0 t.. ' sands of useful lives have been embl __ .40004 a1...4 , hIIITIONTS. COTICURA retnedies EV; L";0;000,..‘ii011;, Purifiers as well as blood plinner • _ -.l;ccessft'd peculiar action on the pores they'. i.inry °,83,,, ally .0 venting and curing all I orms of silfti ~ bri'il rat, t opr, barsiela • WY sf humours, when the best P • &cove. 00 il methods fail. Safe. innocent,and e The Air le d children. Dloo-f ally appeal to Mothers an ut and Pnru seasons insures a clear SAM a £4 niyepale sound bodily health. a 0 ifts. eat - Tog, ' SEWING MIMINFS, .1013,-. .., IN% puT of 3 handsome walnut coven—% an, oc 0 PPI Sankey-st., Warringtua g 2 l-s .—Advt. _ ..,..iit, ..e 0 d e• 6cl' jjjoow '' SEWING MACHs Han INE J and Wr• handsome walnut Cover.— • Adyt Sankey-st., Pi'arrington.—.

Al

Brl &am, TO WARRINGTON FROM age-6 33, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 440, 6 44, 829 A,a,..a3,3 753 q 32 aua' Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 824, 9 51. Sundays 045 s-,'n,guant (L. & OT,W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 90, 11 40, IS, 7 25, 1115. Sundays 310, Ins, 70. 6 45. 810 11 19 6451 -Ingham ( Nlidland)-6 5, 8 50. 9 59, 1130, 123, 2 40, *Pt Atondays . Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. biox- gulaikact,uri,-:8 30, 850, 1048. 12 35, 1 55, 3 20, 755, 10 12, , 1131tvirS 5 0, 5 40, 26 ,--,P,001 (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 10 10, 1035, 11 40, 55,7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 0 , '445 *)01 (Central)-3 0, 8 27, 8 55, 955. 1010, 20, 2 50, 815, Sunda %s 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 850. 655- ~,4-5 45,16 55, 8 0, 9 15, 10 35.12 35. 220, 415, 513. 0,'60. Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 9 20 p.m. a Mondays only. 41 -441e-12 5, 12 10a, 6 50, 840, 2 30, 12 33,1 40, 422,5 38, eh .uudays 12 5 a.in.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aliondays only, 2 50,1%7-26.725. 343,940, IQI2, 115, 1140.125,210 &an. 6 •5 5. 530, 635. 7 35, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 20, 630 30, pm. a-,aturdays only. 410 Ith, 5, la rteu-6 39,7 16, 8 42,10 9,11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 10 , -2, 623 916. 10 43. Sundays 8 1 , a.m., 715. 540-`,,mp-2 1, 448, 60, 8 13. 920. 115, 11 10, 25, 235. ▪ 6,,r;„':,8 5, 9 20. Sundays 21. 4 42. 7 10, 2 40. 40, 9 12. • ada-:'l„,Y-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 22, 99, 10 37a. 21, 77 p.m. aiaturdays only. 15, 1020, 110, 35, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, a 1235 11044411da0s '1 30.6 13, 650, 3 33. aExcept 144'1". 12 sat' ,sto wn-6 51, 659, 720, 848, 932. 1913, 1129, t,lO, 1 47, 2 15. 325. 5 10,5 53, 6 30, 'I 38, 9 12, 1050. 34. 9 52, 4 0, 7 21. 7 3 ). 9 55. & T'utgli-10 20, 20. 60.9 10. Sundays 60. a.m. 910. .7, gler's Perry & Penketh-7 12. 95,9 43, 12 24, 2 11, 3 21 0,1451, 8 57, Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 87. 1:1-7 55, 93, 10. 1127, 232,47, 527, 657. 757 ‘65• t ,1,1 2 446, Sundays 6 59. 716 p.m. aSaturilaysoniy. 1 i n(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 6 27, 7 45, 90. 9 .0. 10 40, 121," 68. z 2 13, 35, 4 20. 4 56. 59, 5 56, 657, 93, 4155iguaday8 8 23. 9 10. 2 e.O, 3 17, 442, 651. 954. lat+' --w-1° I°. 20, 555. 95. Sundays 550, 95. -,i4)ltutile 644 826 10 22 12 28 2 41, 535. 7 15, 91, 2, - . . . ,6undays 9 40. 7 5. „60 52-'gn Green-6 40, 7 53. 8 25,9 9, 10 3,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 319' 410, ", 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20,3 31, 4 55, Cadlshead (Central)-7 33, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 1120 !.tatiels 10 59, 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. 0.4 13, 840. 932 105. 11 17, 020. al 45. 2 13 ` 63,7'74 E 5 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 833 • , aSaturdays only. 56aturdays excepted. • Pota Eurlet.town)-02 .55, 60, 80. 920, 11 50, 11'111. ▪ 4 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, • 40. %Mondays only. *SaturdaYs only. 20 25,8 20, 9 5, 9 55, 12 35, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, • a 10, i 0 45. Sun.iays 745. 210 720. 1045. _ I ;4 • e 1 (Central)-5 35, 610. 7 25. 8 30, 8 43, 9 30, ▪ 10 33 11 30.11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0.1 30,1 50,2 0, • 4 30, 4 40, 4 , 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8 0 55:47, 'P.'. 930, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230. 35,8 30,833 ,5,9 35.,z‘7ondays and Saturdays only. 1° (3112"nnIL. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, v. 2110 Sundays 10 0 a.m., 50, 100. 120. 'A alidland)-5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 15 ty .undave 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays 2 51 14 411.Firt '6 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9. 1 11, al 37. 2 5. .15? - .6. 5 ss: 6 41, 7 41, 9 33. 11 19. Sun lays 625, 22a, 1 "h aSaturdays only. BSatiirdays excepted. r., a eats , 120 & N,-W.)-6 0,650 a 7 0, 85, 9 40, 1125. , ,sik•riii 35.3 55,4 25,5 10,7 5, 9 20,10 48. Stutd”s 80, 950, `0 40. From Exchange. a3lonoayB and Saturdays +. 5, 2-s-uester (London-rond)--7 15, 'l5O. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 43 (340' t 40, 855. 5 20. 6 5. 7 5, 55, 10 45. Sundays ' 041 tS" 30. sSaturdays excepted. 354 -;,,ester (Cheshire LineP)..-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30. • :47; t,°„M. 10 45, 11 30. 1230, 1245, 130. 230. 3 30, 4 30. 4ity% 63, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 8 33, 9 51, alo 50,110. Siv- -114 I'n▪ ,9 10,9 25,9 30,1040./ 40,2 0 2 5,6 40,8 15,9 40. 0.1 n. • 1,t1,105,1 Satur. lays ouls 31,,caqlew,,i,eh-6 58 1137.242,61. ii "SWton—l 0,9 6 1157, 320 155. 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. • Winu - rrs.-6 47. 655, 730. 842. 92.1. 109. 11 23, t) 5. • ,45. 16, 1 30, 34, 4 7,4 53, 55. 5 49, 6 27,7 30. 7 3,. a• Sundays 8 SO, 9 49, 10 0, 3 55.7 20, 11 5. • 4-7,-7 51, 8 26, 9 0, 10 6. 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. Sun- .' Fre,,„.6, 11 20. 2 32, 9 12. 10 13. T',;l--a , ' 2 11 52 36 5 50,6 25,9 5,9 125,9 39.11 20,11 234 C, ;`;5O. 7 59. 9 3010 47. Sundays 2 11, 835,3 15, .0. S • bn- "c- amondav; excPpt.m. bMonday mornings only 23 'ls ""111"-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 09, 1 30, 256, 440, 5 45. 3,611 c,, (or P keth)-6 51. P 9. B 41. 925, 10 19, 11 24. 49,3 !.,06 2 5, 2 40. 344. 4 25,1140, 622, 726, 934. Sundays (' a dh.f};.°' 57,9 23, (C.L.U.) ' •55 -eld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 20, • s Su 1.1 ndays 8 15. 2 !Lell3--6 25,70, 828, 918. 955,11 15.125. 1250, 1 30, • 4.,6, 4 45, ° r 15, 6 10, 70,90. 10 33, *ll 20. Sundays utr,,n1..6 55, 95. *Saturdays only. 3-crrt, (Lord Street) 810, 1020. 11 25. 10. 215, 7 0 - • d s 9 0 25.80. aSatus• .85,a9 0. 9 33. sun ay . . Thei Y- ;la Zall-8 9, 8 36, 9 23, 0010, 1113, 115, al 41, 29, 255. "29', 37, 3. 645. 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, .. 19 nid4 • aSaturdays only. BSaturdays excepted. 1 20 4 210 33 10 33 12 16. . , 4 0 sn' II AV4-7 5' 8 55' 9 4 2507 59 ' •••.5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 2 , . "12rie ao, 33„ hire Lines)-8 30, 9 15, 10 9, 1112, 1225. 125. 4.5 '.5 29.6 12, 7 16.7 56.9 25. all 42 Sundays 8 42. • t._ • - 7.9 20. aOn Sa.turolays only. ra-2 41, 35. 833. 815. 9 31, 1010, 11 23, 1205, 38,4 54, 525,6 10. 75. 8 52, 10 30. Sund 33"4 41, 3 40. 6 55, 11 la, 3 5 a.m.

h..

===== 0002601_18950907_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THEFTS FROM MESSRS. SKELTON'S

SALE.

COMMITTAL OF THE PRISONER.

Last Friday, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before Alderman Wright and Mr. J. 11. Fleming, William Bolton, 33, York-s'., Latchford. was charged with steal- ing from the warehouse of Messrs. Skelton and Ca., sometime between August 14th and 22nd, a large and miscellaneous quantity of goods, value £l3 193. 6d. Mr. Davies prosecuted for the Company,and Mr. Browne defended. Mr. D ivies, in opening the case, said the prisoner was well known in Warrington, and had been employed and trusted by Mr. Lowe, the auctioneer as door-keeper. For this work he received 18s. per week. He commenced his duties on Thursday, the 14th August, and from that date until the 22nd, he (Mr. Davies) was sorry to tell them that almost daily he pilfered from the rooms in one way or another; altogether lie took 400 articles consisting of brushes, lamp, revolver, enamelled pans,fire brasses,and over a cwt. of stair-rods. ' ete.—Mr.Browne had said the stair-rods were purchased f roir a third party at the sale and were taken to Mr. B3lton's house. It seemed to him,Mr. Davies, that it had been a premeditated robbery for the reason that even before he stole the goods the prisoner went to a number of parties and told them what goods were in the shop for sale and explained that he could get the articles cheaper than anyone else, and in consequence some of them gave him orders. Mr. Russell received a number of brushes from the prisoner and paid 2s. 6th for them in good faith. When he ordered them they were not stolen but Bolton immediately and deliberately went down to the shop and stole the brushes and then took them to Mr. Russell. Prisoner also hawked about a plated dog collar and took it to Mr. Hatton. of the " Seven Stars" and also to a Mr. Whitby, and Left it with the latter on approval. On the same night he took a pocket knife and Fold that for 2d. He also sold a pair of stepladders to a Mr. George Parr for ls.3d. Mr. Davies did not wish to press tne case very strongly because everyone in Warrington was sorry for the friends and relatives of Bolton, wits also felt his position acutely. They left the matter entirely in the hands of the Bench. There was, he said, no excuse for the felony because everything must have been premeditated.—Mr. Davids mentioned that the prisoner had stolen Mr. Lowe's Beady Reckoaer, with his name in, off the desk. That was a most senseless thing to de. He must have known what he was doing in the othericasesbecause he had disposed of the articles at a time when he had not actually stolen them. Mr. Browne said he would take advantage of two or three words which Mr. Davies had used when he said the acts were senseless and insane. He,himself, said the same thing and hid been instructed to say that prisoner's friends could not understand why he should do it. His wife had told Mr. Browne that for some time prisoner had not been able to get a proper night's rest. During the sale he had taken drink and his relatives could only account for the thefts by believing that the drink,coupled with his weak state, most be the sole cause of his taking some of the things. Mr. Bolton did buy and sell, and during the sale he bought a quantity of things from people coinieg out of the shop. Some, however he had stolen and Mr. Browne asked their worships to take into consideration that Bolton was a Warrington man and 62 years of age and had been taken ill with rheumatism in the leg while at Strangeways gaol since the remand,and could hardly walk. Ho asked on behalf of the prisoner's wife and others for as much leniency as possible and re- marked that prisoner had never been committed for any other offence. . . .

The Chairman said the prosecution had put the matter in a mild form, and having regard to the prisoner's friends and the state of his health they were dealing more leniently with the case than they ought in sending him to goal for one month's hard labour. niS ill-health would be taken into consideration when the bard labour was enforced.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AMERICA CUP.

The cup which the Valkyrie has gone over to New York to try and bring back to this side of the Atlantic, says the " Sporting and Dramatic," is not, as many sup- pose, a Queen's Cup. The yacht America never won a Queen's Cup. The piece of plate which is called the America Cup was merely one of the prizes offered for competition at the Royal Yacht Squadron Regatta of 1851. It was won by the America by a mere accident, and under conditions which could not possibly prevail at the present day. Commodore Stevens, a prominent member of the New York Yacht Club, and his friends for she was a syndicate boat—built the America on pur- wee to race for the Queen's Cup at the Royal Yacht Squadron Regatta in 1851. But when she arrived in the Solent lie found that the Queen's Cup was only open to vessels belonging to the Squadron, and that the race was subject to time allowance. The committee in order to induce the American yacht to enter, threw the race ' "open to all the world," but declined to waive the time allowance. Consequently Commodore Stevens refused to en, er his yacht, and the race was sailed without the America, the Q ieen's Cup being won by the cutter Bacchante. The Squadron were as anxious as Commo- dore Stevens for a match, hut did not want to waive the time-allowance rule. Accordingly, they permitted the owner of the America to post a notice in the club house offering to sail any British yacht for a stake of 1.000 to 10,000 guineas, without time-allowance. Wnether it was because the prize was too great a sum to risk, or whether other objections stood in the way, it is certain that the challenge remained unac- cepted, and there appeared every chance of the Ameri- can yacht going back without a race. At this crisis the owner of the Titania, a 100-ton cutter, curiously enough belonging to a gentleman bearing the same name as the owner of the America, came to the rescue and offered a 1 ' sail fel. a prize of £lOO. The challenge was accepted and the day, fixed. The !loyal Yacht Squadrsn, however, I did not like the idea of a private match, and feared tbat it would he said they did not give the America a chance. I Consequently they decided that the Squadron race round ; the Isle of Wight should be without time allowance. I Whereupon the race with the Titania was abandoned i and the America entered for the snatch, and won the 1 prize which i‘, now known as the "America Cup."

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been USPEI over fifty years by millitns of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep. by relieving the child from pain. and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all chemists, Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

e &It

===== 0002601_18950907_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAVAGES OF FORMOSA.

Formosa, the island that China has ceded to Japan, deserves its name, says a writer in the " Journal dee Voyages," since it is of marvellous beauty. The Portu- guese called it Hermosa, and the English-speaking world has substituted for that name the Latin equivalent. Reclus, the French geographer, has described the physi- cal features of the island with something like enthus• iasm. The Chinese seized points on the coast in the fifteenth century. but never really conquered the and there was great danger of war between China and Japan twenty years ago, because the latter landed troops on the island to punish the outrages perpetrated by the savages of the interior. The story of many con- quests is written in successive zones of inhabitants in the island, peoples that became the victims of one con- quering tribe after another, and wore driven towards the interior because the last conqueror never held posses- sion of any part but the coast regions. The most savage people of Formosa are the moun- taineers called Igorrotes, or by the Chinsee, Song-Fan (savage-men). They are head-hunters, like their sup- posed relatives in Luzon, and their arms are spears, bows and arrows, and great kaives. The people of the plains are called Pepo-lioans. They resemble the Igor- rotes, but the latter are usually smaller, though some of the savage mountain tribes are noted for stature and agility. Their arms are very long, and their feet enorm- ous. They step upon the ground only with the front half of the foot, and seem to seize it in running. There is much variety of physiognomy among them, and their great rolling eyes inspire terror. They love to adorn themselves with copper bracelets, collars and belts of course glassware discs. The Igorrotes are famous for cruelty and ferocity, and they resort to ingenious stratagems for the discomfiture of their enemies. They have for toe coast dwellers a traditional hatred, like that of the highlander for the lowlander, and their descents are like those of the ‘VeNti and Scotch mountaineers of early days upon the more civilised people of the lowlands. The savages keep watch from their mountain-tops for the approach of toe impru- dent coast dwellers in search of wood or coal. When the lowlanders are seen at work, the savages glide down behind them by paths unknown to the strangers and fall Moon them with lance and knife. The heads of the victims are cut off and their bodies are left lying at the scene of the butchery. The heads are treated so that they may be kept as trophies, and when one of these people has taken a certain number of heads he obtains, by way of honour, the right to sell pipes. The pipes are bits of Wood representing the human head. They are decorated with bits of copper. The lgorrotes do not possess a written alphabet, but besides expressing something by tattooing, they keep the calen- dar by means of knotted strings. They thus keep count of the seasons and the years. But in spite of their ignorance of matters civilised, they have a deep cunning that aids their ferocity, and this they use in their frequent wars upon their more civilised brethren of the coast and upon the Cainese strangers. Tile island waters are specially rich in fish, and this has led to a e formation ef Chinese fishing villages upon the coast. These villages are apart from the settlements of the Pepo-hoans,thoush the latter and the Chinese are ordin- arily at peace. The Igorrotes some years ago formed a plan of attack upon some of the people of the coast. It was decided at a cmucil or the savages that they divide themselves into two bands, one to attack the Pepo-heans, who seemed to be too much in league with the invading Chinese, the other to destroy a Chinese fishing The descent was made in the middle of the night,tbe Pepo-hoans were slain or taken captive, all the crops were destroyed, and the savages retreated with their prisoners in order that none might be left at the scene ' of the massacre to tell the story. Meanwhile, a Chinese fishing village, five leagues away, was attacked and burned. So sudden WM the descent that the fishermen living in boats had not time to cut their moorings and escape. Only those absent fishing remained alive, and they did not dare to return to the burning village. Before leaving the repo-Ewan village the savages had dropped in various places articles that could be identi- fied as of Chinese origin. At the Chinese villiagc they likewise left relics of the Pepo-hoans, such as a gun of ancient pattern, rice measures, a hat made of bamboo leaves, and other such articles. Then after a cannibal- istic feast the savages returned to the mountains. The object of this stratagem was to spread the belief among each group of enemies that the other and not the moun- taineers had perpetrated the butchery. So well did the device work that for six months the Pepo-boans and the Chinese colonists were in a state of hostility.

An express train from London Bridge to Eastbourne on Saturday evening met with an accident which, but for the presence of mind of a guard, might have had latat results. As the train was approaching East Croydon station at xpress speed the slip guard's van,in the centre of a train ot nineteen carriages, fouled the pointt, and the Worthing section of the train, consisting of nine coaches, was thrown off the rails. The guard immedi- ately slipped off the front part of the train, and thus averted worse disaster. The passengers were only slightly injured. The permanent way and rolling stock were badly damaged.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SAIURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7

===== 0002601_18950907_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
CT RI A L OFOR T E NET, 250 PAGES p 5 (Full Music Size). and Hymn Tunes. Descriptive Prospectus Contains 7,3 Illustrations I•J The Pictorial Tutor mTarkTre mo,t re- me POST being published at Nett sent Post Free on application & heap- and over 250 Songs. Price, it cannot b obtain dof to "Magazine of Music," Office, eat book ever published. .-. Dances, Carols, Anthems any booker musimeller under Ss 20; Ludgate Hill, London. B.C. The Pianoforte simplified. FREt,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD F,A,7tIIL,Y )\IED/CiiiE (..11-IESTS

W ITU a prudent use, has save ! many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved Upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, • and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
T _ll. I .S

.‘AZOIt is made from the best Sheffield JSTEEL and ded and If not

ground by It is approved when trie 1 will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehlve Razor is supplied at 1/2. 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 P.O. and Cheques, SLATER BROS.. Sheffield.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIO PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Bcc.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLLOWAY'S

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES,

SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bcc.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950907_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN.

IRISI.TOMITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed aH Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiers, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; ma'3.e special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen, IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all puce flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

ALL PARCELS OVER 201- CARRIAGE PAID. RI HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND

===== 0002601_18950907_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION;

WEAK STOMACH;

IMPAIRED DIGESTION;

===== 0002601_18950907_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER;

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PUTY M PERGFR:CAT WHITENESS TBEAUTIFUL LUSTIE. Used in all sTAR the principal Laundries. SOLD BY ALL GROCESS 4 OILMEN IN OPIGINAL ALe PACKETS: 1 1.0 A IS. AND t Le BOXES.

...

===== 0002601_18950907_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS_ PILLS.

is. 14. 2:79,11-Per-ba (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved ibotltute for calomel. Are suited for either sex. and may be talom at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, re.inlate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftet excess in eatinq or drinking. and are the most valuable at chanoe of life. or ',Modica! obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar. curial , hence no fear of cold. Mode only by Mr. SMITH. M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London.

PRIPPRIETO: OP FOWLIM'S CELRBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER. is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a knbwn cure, however bad the

ease. vVALUARLB PILR POWDER, AND PF,CTORAL FRUIT COCTOH LOZIINGHS, sAMIi PRICE. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

T°WLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for isery,,,tee. quickly eorrect all irregularities, remove al obstrurtione. end relieve the dietreseing symptons. so preys ent with the sox. Baxes Is. ltd. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists cent anywhere on receipt of 16 or 34 stamps by the maker, It T. Towtor, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware of imitations.

ANIL.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Lettero to the eilitor. _

THE PECULIAR PEOPLE. Sir,—lona, in last issue, broaches a sullect of very ignorant William and great importance. The fact of poor William sable being prosecuted for faithfully and imph- citely following the teachings of the New Testament guy rise to reflections adverse to the idea of our nati inZ sanity and consistency. According to Blackstone, Christianity is part the Common of e Common Law of England ; and yet, for prac o the precepts of this part of the Common Law of England, this Common Law inflicts pains and penal'..les upon those who too strictly follow its injunctions. Now what con- clusion can we come to from the cor sideratien of such an insensate jumble of costradictior.as ? To my mind the only conclusion possible is that, it our sanity is to be granted, our honesty is imphe sted. In other Words, if we are sane we must. be a p of arrant humbugs to countenance these moons Ate„ies. Whoso arrayeth himself in his best" go .da meetings " store clothes and sits in chapel or Churc,,,.... and listens complacently while the Rev. Amminada.'d Tackletext expounds and expa- tiates upon the test "James v. 14-15.," and then comes forth into the world and proclaims himself as a law abiding citiven, then and there becomes tho hypocritical humbug vino pretends to serve two masters. Hence I stay that no sincere and conscientious Christian can con- instently occupy a seat on the magisterial bench, owing to his liability to be called upon to violate either his principles or his duty. From these considerations naturally arises the ques- tion, "How long are the ignorant imaginings and im- practical dogmas of the firs", and second centuries to dash with and nullify legislative efforts for the national welfare? It has been said that the American Congress is engaged one part of the year in passing laws to coun- teract the pernicious teaching of the pulpit during the other part of the year. I leave my readers to decide which—the pulpit or the Legislature—most requires the hand of the reformer. Closely connected with this subject is the much vexed Sunday otoservance question. Here again English Law imposes penalties for the non-observance of the First Day as a day of rest. Now there is not the slightest reference in any of the scriptures, new or old, oral or written, to the first day as being exceptionally holy or set apart for devotional observance, while there is of the seventh—our Saturday—which, and which alone, is the Sabbath of the Scriptures. Bence it comes about that Warrington folks cannot employ a barber to shave their chins on Sunday because a Pagan Emperor and a worshipper of the sun altered the day of rest from Saturday to Sunday —his day for worshipping the sun. Here is his edict by which the change was effected. "The Emperor Con- stantine Aug. to Helpidius. On the venerable day of the sun let the magistrates and people residing in cities rest, and all workshops be closed. In the country, how- ever, persons engaged in the work of cultivation may freely and lawfully continue their pursuits ; because it often happens that another day is not so suitable for grain sowing or vine planting ; lest by neglecting the popular moment for such operations the bounty of heaven should be lost. Given, the seventh day of March." (A.D. 321). No Sabbatarianism here; but sound Pagan common sense which throws an instruc- tive light on the Sunday observance fanaticism.— Yours, &c.,

JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

SERIOUS COLLISION.

On Wednesday morning a serious collision occurred on the Ship Canal at Acton Grange, near Runcorn. The passenger steamer Irene, coming down the canal, at- tempted to pass between the steamship Lobe, from Hamburg, and the steanitug Walton, towing two flats. The Irene struck the Lance on the port bow, then sheered off into the flats Trent and Mary Ellen, jamm- ing the latter against the railway bridge. All the craft were much damaged. The Mary Ellen was rendered practically worthless.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
, RACING BETWEEN PASSENGER STEAMERS.

What appeared to be a race between two passenger steamers was witnessed on the Ship Canal at Runcorn on Sunday. The steamers had a full complement of pas- sengers, and for a greater portion of the distance between Weston and Runorn Bridge they went almost abreast at full speed,the first one gaining a few yards and then the other, amid the shouts of those on board. To witness the contest, the passengers on the larger vessel crowded tc one side with the result that it leaned greatly over, and if it had canted to the Mersey side, to which it was very near, the probabilities are that a calamity too fear- ful to contemplate would have happened. To add to the danger run, there were vessels and flats moored in the length of the canal in question, but fortunately no vessels coming in the opposite direction. LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

During the seven days ending Friday the 30th August 180 seagoing vessels, with a total net registered tonnage of 43,967 tons, entered and cleared from the port of Man- chester, which includes all parts of the Ship Canal. The number of vessels using the canal during the previous week was 145, and the tonnage 38,995 tons. Appended is a table showing the proportion of coastwise and foreign traffic in the total : Inwards. Outwards. Ships. Ton. Ships. Tons. Coastwise 72 ... 13,815 Coastwise... 75 ... 10,721 Foreign --- Total... 91 22,406 Total... 89 21,561 Amongst the full cargoes which arrived were eight of ' China clay, four of wood pulp, three of timber, five of pig iron, three of stone, two of flints, one of butter, one of fruit, one of bog ore, and one of bone-ash whilst nine cargoes of coal, six of salt,twolof pitch,and one of purple, were exported. EFFECT OF THE CANAL ON THE TRADE OF HULL.

—- - - - A Hull corresponderf; writes :—The competition of the Manchester Ship Canal is being seriously felt at the east coast ports. At Hull the Camber of C-,mmerce has been approached by the merchants and shipownere, who are I keenly affected by the diversion of traffic to the west coast. It is asserted that Liverpool is now enjoying busi- ness that hitherto exclusively belonged to Hull, and that Manchester threatens to participate in, if not eventually to appropriate almost entirely, the trade formerly held by the port. One of the principals of a Bull firm regarded as being one of the largest private shipping firms in the country, during the course of an interview on Wednes- day, stated that it was undoubtedly a fact that Hull was being vitally affected by the canaLand he went so far as to say that he knew a firm of shipowners who would have given £50,000 to prevent the canal being constructed. He was interested in a railway company largely con- cerned in Hull, and he gave it as his opinion that that company would have given an enermous sum to have effected the same purpose. The pulp trade—one of the staple trades of Hull—has, he continned,been completely diverted, and this of itself was of the gravest interest to shipowners. He complained that there was unfair com- petition on the part of the canal authorities in making no dock charges or wharfage ; in addition to which ad- vantages tugs are supplied to steamers. "My own opinion is," he added, "that the position is very serious. but I don't see what can be done. The North Western Railway Company can only assist to this extent—taking off the dock charges at Hull, but we cannot hope for such a concession. Much against our will we are cern- pelled to send vessels to the canal, hut the outward traffic is only small. The question will, I believe, be brought before the North Western Railway clirectors,and in the meantime I don't think it wise that we should say much upon the matter."

===== 0002601_18950907_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CANAL COMPANY v. MESSRS.

FAIRCLOUGH.

DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR.

The Manchester "Guardian" says :—Messrs. James Fairclorigh and Sons, of Warrington, who are the owners of a wharf and warehouse called Cooper's Wharf at Widnes, alleged that owing to the construction of the company's works a sand or mud bank had formed oppo- site the wharf, and that vessels could not navigate there- from or thereto as formerly, and that a change had also taken place in the riv,r Mersey, and claimed a large sum for compensation. The company denied that either the sand or mud bank or the change in the river was assign- able to their works. Mr. Flarrison Bayter was arpointed as arbitrator by the Board of Trade, and the question whether the formation of the mud or sand bank opposite Cooper's Wharf and the change in the river was to be assigned to the company's works was referred to him. The proceedings before the Arbitrator commenced on the 17th and terminated on the 25th of July last. Mr. Hay. ter has now made his award, and finds that the Canal Company have satisfied him that neither the existence of the mud or sand bank opposite Cooper's wharf nor the change in the river Mersey are caused by or are to be assigned to the company's works, either during or after the construction of the same, and he directs that Messrs. Faircloueh and Sons shall pay the company's costs of and incidental to the arbitration and the costs of the award, and that they shall bear their own costs of the same.

LOCAL WINNERS AT BIRKENHEAD SHOW. The 53rd annual show of the Wirral and Birken- head Agricultural Society, which commenced on Wednesday on the society's permanent ground at Bidston, proved highly successful in every respect. Amongst the successful exhibitors may be men- tioned the following local winners : In the horses, for mare with foal at foot, for draught or agricul- tural purposes the 3rd prize was captured by Mr. S. B. Chadwick of Runcorn. For foals for draught or agricultural purposes: second prize, W. bovve, Warrington. Open—Shire Filly, foaled in 1891 or 1892: first. S. W. Gould, Lymm. Shire Filly, foaled in 1892 or 1894: first, S. B. Chadwick, Runcorn. Mare or Gelding for draught or agricultural pur- poses: S. W. Gould, Lymrn. Filly or Gelding, for draught or agricultural purposes: second, S. B. Ch a dwi ck , Runcorn. 11

===== 0002601_18950907_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
tBY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR).

don't know what has come over our District Council lately. Certainly things have not pro- I greased so happily as one could wish, but really the Council Chamber has recently provided as much amusement as a theatre when the boards are occu- pied by a comic opera. It was evidently an act of wisdom on the part of the majority to change the hours of meeting from six o'clock to four o'clock in the afternoon. In consequence of this the rate- payers have been debarred from having a little amusement at a cheap rate, and, in addition, some of the councillors have provided a means of pre- venting these same ratepayers from seeing their "goings on." If this sort of thing continues we shall be able to show a surplus in the next issue of the balance sheet, for certainly no money is being spent in improvements, but a large amount of valuable time is being wasted, and nothing at all in the shape of business is being transacted.

At the monthly meeeing last Monday with the exception of Messrs. Emmett and Stone, there was a full attendance of the Council, and consequently there was no fear of another hitch over the minutes, which were passed by the usual majority. It is a splendid majority, whose aims are directed solely to one end, and it is amusing to witness the peculiarity of the representatives of one particular ward expressing divergent views on the same topic.

When the Gas and Water minutes were brought up for confirmation there was a breezy interchange over the correspondence with Mr. Webb, with re- spect to the water supply. Mr. MacMahon wanted some more light on the subject,and wished to ascer- tain by whose authority the correspondence had taken place. Mr. Smith, who is the chairman of the committee, said it had been dons on the autho- rity of the sub-committee. Mr. MacMahon said he was a member of that committee, and hs knew nothing of the correspondence, and he felt ag- grieved that he had not been apprised of it, and he denounced what be called " these hole and corner meetings." 1 -- I don't know exactly what is intended to be done over this water question, but I am afraid if we are not very careful, the Newton end of the township is going to land us in a large expenditure. It is an old question and a sore point with the Newton people, and their idea is to discontinue getting water from the Railway Co., and obtain it by other means, possibily by sinking wells and erecting pumping plant. I don't know what the Newton people have to grumble at. Their supply is good, and what benefit they will derive from an altera- tion of the present arrangement, lam at a loss to comprehend. However, the matter is still in embryo, and we may hear something more about it later on.

On the School Attendance Committee minutes, Mr. MacMahon expressed himself strongly with re- gard to the report of the School Attendance Officer not being printed on the minutes, as was formerly the case, and plainly told the chairman that he could put his remarks in the resolution which be had moved, If he liked.

The Chairman added that he had received a letter from Father Lennon, dated August 22nd., which touched upon the same matter they had just dis- cussed, but he did not give the Council any idea ol its contents. Mr. Smith, took the strictly proper course of moving that the letter be referred to the Committee, but Mr. Gilmour objected and wanted the letter read there and then. Mr. MacMahon was of the same opinion, and Mr. Beatty rose in a very excited manner, and said if the letter was not read for the information of the public, he would with- draw from the committee, and he did so, taking himself off from the Council Chamber altogether. This little episode rather upset matters, and after deciding to held a special meeting to privately con- sider the matter on Wednesday night, the Council rose, after doing really nothing but squabble.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUNDATION STONE LAYING AT IIAYDOCK.

SPEECH BY LORD NEwroN.

Haydock was to some extent en fete on Saturday afternoon, at least that part of it which lies round about St. James' Church, the occasion being the laying of a foundation stone of an extension to the infant scho,l• room connected with St. James's Natural School, by Lord Newton. In addition to this it is proposed to pro- vide a large cloak-room, and to erect a wall dividing the school yard from the church. At nresent the accommo- dation of the Infant School is 150, and when the addi- tions completed, it is expected this will be increased to 220. The estimated cost of the alterations is £1.60, and the builders are Messrs. Mercer of Haydock, and the architect, Mr. T. Robinson, of Messrs. R. Evans and Company. In addition to this there was a b.,zaar in the larae schoolroom in support of the Church debt, at which Mrs.']. D. Grimke-Drayton performed the hon- ours, and particulars of which are given elsewhere. The whole scheme is set forth as follows :—" The debt on the debt on the building of the new church and the wall round the graveyard £7OO. (2) Considerable repairs to the Parish Church, an inspection of which fabrio will disclose the urgent necessity for immediate attention, for the wind blows through the apperture and the rain comes pouring in to the considerable damage of the organ and other things in the church. (3) Balaton Black- brook New Infant School, £9OO. (4) Curate's house for Blackbrook. (5) Restoration or building St. Alban's Mission Chapel, Blackbrook, which is in a ruinous con- dition. oID Building extrusion to infant school near Parish Church, £160." A procession was formed at the Flaydock reading-room and proceeded to the site headed by the Haydock brass band, and immediately followed by the clergy and cht,ir in surplices, Lord Newton and other gentlemen and ladies and scholars of the parish. Tne choir took up their place on a temporary platform, and surrounding the stone were, Revs. C. E. Bowden (vicar of Haydock), Rev. W. J. Melville (rector of Ashton), Rev. H. Siddall (vicar of Ashton). Rev. H. Monk (St. Peter's, Newton), Rev. T. R. Matthe ,V 1 (vicar of Earlestown). Rev. F. G. Wills (Unholland), Rev. A. Watkins, Lady Gerrartl,Elfat. Mrs. T. W. Leg'', Mrs. Gillespie. Dr. and Mrs. Street,Dr. and Mrs. Hayward, Mrs. Grimke-Drayton, Captain and Mrs. Royse, Mr. W. S. Barrett, J.P., Mr. R. and Mrs. Bradshaw, Mr. T. Robinson, Mr. C. B. F. Bnrron. Mr. and Mrs. John Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. James Taylor and Mr. A. Evans and Mr. E. Jackson (wardens).—The stone bore the following inscription:—" This stone was laid by the Right Hon. Lord Newton, on Saturday, August 31st, 1895. Bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfil the law of Christ." When all had assembled, Mr. A. Evans (warden), said he had taken the liberty of asking Lord Newton to open the proceedings that day, because in the first place, he (Mr. Evans) happened to be perhaps the only one present of the members of the committee for building the origi- nal parish church in Haydock, but there was another reason which perhaps many of tha".^. could not lay claim to, and that was he was a bred and born Haydock man. For those two reasons, he had obtained permission from the Vicar to address to Lord Newton in their hehalf,their sincere welcome for his presence that day, and to express their thanks for his kindness. The purpose for which they were met, although perhaps the sZ9 of the building was no; a consideration, was more far reaching,hecause they were laying the foundation of the future. (Hear, hear.) He would ask his lordahip'a ac- ceptance of a silver trowel with which to lay the stone. It could not be used as a butter knife, but he would ask him to use it as a paper cutter, as a remembrance of Haydock. He (Mr. Evans) was thankful to announce that between £BO and £9O had been promised towards the £l6O required, but Lord Newton had kindly added £25 to that amount, and £5O towards the church debt. (Applause.) They all knew that the Nonconformists at the other end of Haydock had received kindnesses from his lordship, and had erected a fine pile of buildings, which had put the church people to shame. Be then handed the trowel to Lord Newton. .

His lordship said he thought at the present time edu- cation in this country was going through a very great phase. They had to consider that during the last year or two great difficulties had been thrown upon voluntary schools throughout the country. Managers ILO gone through a good deal of suffering at the hands of those who ought never to have put it upon their shoulders. During the last two years, under compulsory powers, enormous sums had been raised in this country, but the pleasing part of it was perhaps the little effect it had had upon that policy which so many who had a strong religious feeling had supported, namely, religious teach- ing in voluntary Schools. From the attacks which had been made It appeared as if the supporters of undenomi- national schools wished to upset denominational schools in order to carry out what he might say was a fad on many sides. Greater support ought to be given to the denominational schools than they had received of late years, and at the same time the consciences of Dissen- ters who disapproved and wished their children to he taught their own religion should be safeguarded. This education might, he thought, be carried on fairly to all parties. Lord Newton then laid the st.,ne, and a short service was gone through by the Rey. C. E. Bowden, the choir singing the hymns " We are but little children," and "There's a Friend for little children."

LAWN MOWERS.- -GARLAND Ironmonger. Warrington and Earlettown.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
TEI E EXA MIN ER, SA TU RDAY , SEPTEMBEU 7 1895.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
E A.R.LESTO WN 1D N EWTON.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.

At the police station. Earlestown, on Monday inorning,before Mr. C.B. F. Borron,James Magifire, of Earlestown, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Earlestown on Saturday night, and was fined 23. 61 and costs. He was also charged under a warrant with being drunk and not answering to the summons, and was fined ss. and COStS. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH CHOIR.

The above choir held their mutual picnic on Saturday. The party numbering about 40, with several friends, lett Earlestown by the 5.55 train on Saturday morning for Blackpool, in charge of Messrs. Latimer and Monks, arid they arrived at their destination shortly after 9 o'clock. They im- mediately dispersed for breakfast, and afterwards enjoyed themselves in various ways until dinner time, when they all assembled at Broughton's restaurant, at which place tea also was partaken of, the catering giving entire satisfaction. The day was passed in divers ways, and the weather being fine, the outing was thoroughly enjoyed. A start was made for home at 8.30, Earlestown being reached shortly after 11 o'clock.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING AT NEWTON.

At St. Peter's Church, Newton, on Wednesday morning there was a large gathering to witness the marriage of Miss Louise Houghton, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Houghton. assistant overseer, Park- road, Newton, with Mr. Arthur Wilson Anderton of Hazel Mount, Earlestown. The ceremony was per- formed by the Rev. IC Monk ( vicar), and the bridesmaids were Miss Annie M. Houghton, and Miss Egerton (cousin of the bride), while the best man was Mr. T. Egerton. The bride was given away by her father, and after the breakfast, which was held at Mr. Houghton's, the happy couple left for London for the honeymoon. The presents were numerous and costly.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PIIEBENTAIION AT NEWTON._

At the Congregational schoolroom. Newton, on Saturday evening, there was a pleasant gathering of the church choir, for the purpose of presenting to Mrs. Clarke (nee Wood) a slight memento as a recognition of her long service in connection with the choir. Mr. Joseph Glover presided, and in mak- ing the presentation, which consisted of a splendid dinner service, referred in felicitous terms to Mrs. Clarke's connection with tbem,and expressed a wish for her happiness in her new sphere. Mrs. Clarke suitably acknowledged the gift.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAR&

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templet% was held at the Co-opera- tive Hall, on Monday evening, when there was a good attendance of members, Bro. J. Hatton, C.T., presiding. One candidate was admitted to member- ship. A. report of the District Lodge Session was given by Bro. G. Clarke and adopted. Arrange- ments for the holding of the No.l Convention were completed. The evening's programme for which Bro. Newman, L.D., was responsible was " Home and Foreign Mails." Several interesting letters from Bros. A. Newell, Flaherty, A. France, J. Cocks, Johnson, " The piano," Sergt. Roberts, Sister Dun- can, and Rev. F. E. Miller, were read by Sister A. Newman, Bros. C. Drew, G. E. Warburton, Hopkins, Cutler, Barker and G. Clarke. Thanks were after- wards tendered to Bro. Newman for his programme, and to those who had kindly contributed the letters.

1.0.G.T. the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge opened its weekly session at 8-15 on the 3rd September. W. Humphries was proposed and afterwards made a member of the Order. A reply to a letter of sym- pathy sent to Bro. and Sister Singleton was read. After the usual business was finished the pro- gramme, "Sewing night" Bro. H. Brown being responsible, was proceeded with the follow- ing taking part, Bros. Morris, Jones, Dean, Humphries and others. Bro. Dixon being adjudged the winner and receiving the prize the Lodge was closed after a very good programme.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BAZAAR AT HAYDOCK.

On Saturday afternoon a sale of work was opened in St. James' National School, Haydock, for the purpose of raising funds towards the liquidation of the debt of £7OO on the church and the churchyard wall. The school was very prettily laid out, and the decorations were of an , artistic character, the only drawback to the comfort of visitors being, the crowded state of the room. The stalls were heavily laden with all manner of articles, useful, costly, and ornamental, the miscellaneous stall being filled with every imaginable description of fancy goods, , the ladies who presided over it being attired in fancy costumes. The stallholders were :—Vicarage stall : Miss Beveridge, Miss Harper, Mil Gray. School gall : Miss Cording, Miss Newton, Miss Caunce, Misses E. and S: Houghton. St. Alban's stall : Mrs. Rossiter, Mrs. Ather- ton, Mrs. It'chardson,Miss Swift. Congregational stall . Mrs. E. Jackson, Mrs. W. Mather, Mrs. Foster, Mrs P.: Cunliffe. Mrs. Rainford. Nigger stall :S. James' Mins- trels. Mothers' Union stall : Mrs. T. D.Grimke Drayton, Mrs. Horrid,,e, Mrs. Burrows. Miscellaneous stall : Mrs. W. S. Barrett, Mrs. Clare Rovse, Mrs. W. Hindley Smith, Mrs. G. Royse. Mrs. Leyland. Refreshment stall : Mrs. T. Cunliff, Misses A.E. and A.Cunliffe, Mrs.T.Andrews. Flower stall : Mica Byrom, Miss Seddon, Miss Niylor, MIS 4 ElliS, Miss B. Jackson. The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs. T. D. Grimlre-Dravton, and there was a large number of p.ople present. ineludin, Lord New- ton, Lady Gerrard, Rev. 11, Monk, Rev.T. R. Matthews, and other.

The Rev. C. E. Bowden (vicir) said he was sure that all of them who were connected with the Farish Church were very pleased that at length the day had arrived when they could open their sale of work,which had been so long in anticipation, and he trusted those who had given their services an ungrudgingly, and had spent so much time in prenaring for it, would be repaid by a handsome sum being, handed over to the treasurer,to a long way in liquidating the debt on the church, which had sn hampered the parish. Mrs. Drayton had come to open the sale of work, and they were all no doubt pleased to see her restored to health and strength,which he trusted would he permanent. (Applause.) Mrs. Griprike-Drayton did not think an occasion of that sort was at all a suitable one for a are it many words, and certainly no from her. She thought they were all agreed, that of all debts, the debt on a church ought to he paid off as fast as possible, and she hoped it was the feeling of all present that everything in the room shpuld he sold. Sie then formally declared the sib' open, and business was proceeded with briskly. ..

Durinz the afternonn and evprine: Relectinns were eiven by Mr. Peplow's hand, Mrs. Clare linyse,Mr. W. FUndley-Smit h. the Misses Airey, the Bijlu hand,and St James' Minstrels. . .

The sale was elntinuPd on Mondw, when tha nnP qinZ ceremony wag performed by the Rev. Canon Penrhyn. Tha takings for the two days amounted to upwards of £l5O.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS MINNIE PALMER AT ST. HELENS.

"THE SCHOOL GIRL." The theatre goers of St. Helens and district are being eSpeCiAilV favoured net week when the new musical comedy of " The School Girl " will he produced by the celebrated and a-comiilished actress, Miss Minnie Palmer and her entire London company. numbering about 30 performers. " The School Girl." is an entirely new pro- duction and Was presented for the first time on any stage cardiff. on Monday last. That St. Helens should have ! been chosen for its second week's run speaks immensely for the enterprise of Mr. Wallace R.Pvill, the respected proprietor of the handsome Theatre Royal, where the " School Girl" will he produced. The lihretto has heen written by Mr. George Manchester and the music com- posed by Mr. Alb,.?rt Maurice, and the piece is admittedly one of the most brilliant productions of thP season. At Cardiff, the play was stdmirably staged and the clever plot, with its lively situations and the charmirpr music, aroused remarkable enthusiasm. It is admitted on every hand that there is every prospect of a run of brilliant success for " The School Girl " throur,hnut the country. Miss Minnie P4l- - is accompanied by an exceptionally strong company and it is to he hoped she will receive, as she has well ' earned, an enthusiastic welcome on this, her first visit to St. Helens.

ITARvEST FESTIVAL AT THE Y.M.C.A.

On Sunday a harvest thanksgiving service in connection with the P.S.A. Associated with the Y.M.C.A.. was held the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, and *Was largely attended. Mr. Thomas Morris occupied the chair. The room was profusely decked with a large variety of fruit, flowers, veget- ables. &c., those responsible for the exhibition of the decorative materials having exercised very good taste if, 'heir work. Mr. James Evans, Warrington, in the f l“ferme of Mr. Burroughs, of Manch-ster, delivercel an appropriate address. Solos were admir- ably rendered by Miss Kent ; whilst the item, con- tributed by Mr. Percy .Randall's orchestral band were thoroughly appreciated. On Monday i'Neft- log a fruit banquet took place at the headquarters.. Friar's-green, Mr. Bickford presiding. There was a large attendance. Sows were given by Mr. Kent and Mr. Fieldhouse ; pianoforte and violin solos by Miss and Master Randall.nianoforte solo by Mr.Hicltman. and recitations by Mr. W. B. I-Titrt. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman and to the President, after which the singing of the Doxology closed a happy programme.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18950907_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Board room at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Pritchard, and there were also present : Rev. Dr. Grastaldi, Rev. Canon Wood, Mr. E. Imison, J.P., Dr. McDougall, and Mr. J. Moss (clerk).

===== 0002601_18950907_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CLERK'S SALARY.

The Chairman in moving the confirmation of the corn- mittee'a minutes granting an increase of £25 per annum to the Clerk, stated that the matter was well considered in committee. He believed the Clerk had served the Beard for the past six years at the rate of salary which he was now receiving, and had not the duties increased there would have been no call for an increase of salary. The increased duties were particularly with regard to the taking over, and having the control of 600 more children who had been attending the Wesleyan schools. This responsibility would greatly increase the Clerk's duties, and after considering the matter very carefully, they thought he was entitled to an increase of £25. The Rev. Canon Wood, in seconding the proposition, I said he believed that the amount proposed to be given was not realty proportionate to that which had been paid for the work which had been done previously. To explain his meaning he might say that the work of the School Board was two kinds. There was the attend- ance of children throughout the whole town to be looked after, and it was also their duty to manage certain schools. It appeared that some years ago the Board had only one branch of the work, that of seeing to the chil- dren, and in those days the Clerk was paid £6O. Since that time the amount which bad been added to the Clerk's salary in consideration of the extra work con- nected with the Board Schools, had been £4O. If the Board had gone on in the same proportion, considering that the same number of children had been added to the case of t•ie Biard,thev would have advanced the Clerk's salary from £lOO to £l4O. One could not help noticing that they hen to pay for work which was formerly done without pay. The Wesleyan Committee who had man- aged the schools previously did the work for nothing but as soon as it fell on the shoulders of the Board and the Clerk, and it was altogether on a different footing. It was not now voluntary work and no one wished to underpay their servants.lt was a great misfortune when the voluntary schools were thrown on the rates. It could not take place without an increase of rates. It all the voluntary schools were to be thrown on the rates no doubt their clerk would find himself in possession of a larger salary, which he did not think would be a mat- ter of satisfactipn to the ratepayers. Dr. Gastaldi thought the time was not opportune to raise any salaries. Runcorn was decidedly in a miser- able condition, and during the present week 60 persons were summoned for non-payment of rates. He had op- posed the proposal in committee,and he moved now that the question be def ,rred to six months. Mr. Imison supported the proposition and he thought it was a reasonable one.

The Chairman pointed out that shortly, the Board would be involved in the erection of new schools which would be another addition to the work of the Clerk. It had been their desire to do that which was equally just between the Clerk and the ratepayers, and he thought the amount proposed was not excessive. As the amendment was not seconded it fell to the ground, and the proposition was carried, the only dis- sentient being Dr. Gastaldi.

THE ATTENDANCE OF SCHOLARS. The report of the school attendance officers showed that the number on the rolls was 3.474 as compared with 3488, in the corresponding period last year, being an increase of six. The average attendance was 2,782 as compared with 2,803 last year. being a decrease of 21. The percentage of attendance was 80 as against 81, twelve months ago. THIS EXAMINATIONS, FEES, &C _

A communication was read from the Education De- partment in whica they stated that they had sanctioned on the special recommendation of Her Majesty's Inspec- tor, the omission of the annual inspection of the Green- way-road Board School, due in July 1896. Another letter was also read from the Education Department ap- proving of the following scale of fees: infants free ; girls' school, 1,2, and 3 standards, penny per week ; 4th to 7th standards,2l per week ; boys, standards 1,2. and 3 penny per week; 4, and 5,2 d. per week ; 6, and 7,3 d. per week. The approval is given subject to the condi- tion that the total amount of fees received in any school shall not exceed the maximuna amount allowable under that section, the amount of such excess to be taken in reduction of tha fee grant for such school year. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL LIBERALS AT DRUID'S CROSS.

CELEBRATING THE VICTORY.

In order to celebrate the triumphant return of Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., to the House of Commons, between 200 and 300 Liberals in the Northwich division had an excursion to Druid'sCross,Wavertree,the seat of Sir John, on Monday. The intention had been to spend the entire day at Druid's Cross, but on it transpiring that Sir John would be engaged until afternoon.Mr.J. T. Yearsley and Mr. F. W. Brock had an interview with Mr. Shaw, the district superintendent of the L. and N.-W.Railway Co., who issued instructions that the excursionists could visit Liverpool and proceed to Msssley Hill for Wavertree by the 2.40 and 2.50 trains. These arrangements were car- ried out, and the party on arrival at Druid's Craig was received with great cordiality by Sir John and Lady Brunner and the memberS of their family, Most elabo- rate arrangements had been made to promote the enjoy- ment of aI. In an extensive marquee refreshments of the choicest kinds were laid out. All were welcome,and the genial homeliness of Sir John and Lady Brunner did much to set at ease all with whom they came into con- t mt. The member for North wich escorted party after plity through the hall, pointing out and explaining at the request of the sight-seers dainty bric.a brac, rare pic- tures, quaint curios, and not the least interesting the many handsome testimonials of the esteem and regard in which their owner is held. The gardens and conser- vatories with their wealth of alamanda, begonia' station probisa, palms, tree ferns, Ste. (all beautifully kept by Mr. James Robinson and his assistants) came in for their share of laudation. Mr. W. P. Bailey's string band was in attenda.nce,and discoursed sweet music. Prior to the excursio, ists leaving in order to catch the 1.7 p.m.train from M .ssley Sir J. T. Brunner, M.P., delivered a short speech. He said : It is a great pleasure to us hero, being at such a distance from our old .home, to see so many pleasant and familiar faces around Ili. It was a great grief to us to have our old home in Cheshire, where we had brought up our children so happily together, to live here ; hut I can say it here in my wife's presence that it was not for our own sake that we came avray,but it was for the sake of the children themselves, because we found nat they would be better off near a large town than they were at Winnington ; and then as all of you know, the works have rather crowded close to the old home, so that there Was not as much room for us there as we liked to have. I have to thank you all, both tke ladies and the gentle- men, for I know that a very large number of ladies did splendid work, for puling me again into that position of which I am proud and of which I always have been proud. (Cheers ; a voice: "1,638" ; another voice : " 2,000 next time " ; a third : " The only bright spot in Cheshire.") Ladies end gentlemen, I do not know whether we can look forward with any certainty to a larger majority next time,for the reason that I am rather inclined to think that the thorough beating that you gave to our opponents on this last eceasion will have so damped their ardour that the probability is that We Shall not have a fight for many a day to come. (A Voce : " A walk-over.") I am told,and it is perfectly trile,that that means a majority not of 2.000, bat of 12,000 (Cheers.) Ladies and eentlemen, I hope that the next time we may meet On these grounds is net very far off —(hear, hear)—and I shall he glad indeed if you will all encourage your friends and neighbours to join you when you come, and that we may see very many more of our friends than we have to-day. (Cheers.) Two whom I have met have been good enough to bring two others each, and if yen will only follow the same lexample and each bring two friends—(a Voice ; " Tories ?")—it went matter to us whether they are Tories—(laughter)—because I am happy to say, that with very few exceptions in the whole of the constitu- ency, I find that the Tories are my friends, almost, I wont say as well as, but almost am well as the Liberals. (Cheers, and a Voice: " All but voting." Laughter.) Mr. Philip Speakman, of Runcorn, said : Ladies and gentlemen,—We are all very happy to-day and I think it enhances the happiness that we have when Sir John and Lady Brunner were made a very happy couple. I assure von that the first day.we met in Northwich I felt sure of victory, but I was not so sure of the victory that we got ; hit that does not matter. It is a very signiff- cant fact that when our friends had tried against us we ' have each time incr 'wed Sir John's majority. I feel sure that as long as Sir John Brunner remains true to us, AS he has done for the last nine years, he need never be afraid of not having a seat in Parliament. (Cheers.) I think it is very nice, after the very arduous fight that we had, that WP Sh,"Alld meet here to rejoice with Sir John and Lady Brunner at their own home, and to feel at one with them, and to hope that continued happiness may he their lot as well as ours. (Cheers.) Ido not think we ought to separate n ow, after hearing Sir John Brunner, without wishing them hearty pleasure and Bod-Qpeed to the holiday so well deserved. (Loud

cheers.) ftinginz cheers were giv,m for Sir John and Lady Brunner and the members of their family, for which the hon. baronet returned thanks.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

P.S A. Mawriso.—A pleasant Sunday afternoon was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel Frodsham. on Socdar. 'Chaim was a crowded attendance. The Rev. W. Mrswe delivered an interestine• address on " Genius." After devo.ionsl exercises Mr. William Cooke, of Run- elm gave an organ recital. He was assisted by Miss Smith, of Runcorn, who played violin solos, Mrs. Yonld very swee'ly sang " 0 rest in the Lord," from Mendel. ssohn'e "St. Paul." A quartette was also sung by Miss Hough, Miss Yould, and Messrs. Atherton and Riley.

.v -

===== 0002601_18950907_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DROWNING FATALITY AT

•

===== 0002601_18950907_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN. BRAVE CONDUCT OF A RUNCORN YOUTH.

On Tuesday at Runcorn Police Court, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held an inquest on the body of William Riley, aged 17 years, son of Thomas Riley, pork butcher, Bridge-street, who was drowned in the Mersey at Run- corn on the previous day.—The father gave evidence of identification, and said he was not aware his son could swim.—Ja Ines Donald. 16 years of age, who resides in St. John-street, deposed that at noon he saw the deceased enter the Mersey at the Old Quay. Witness shouted, " Billy, can you swim ? " and he replied, "Oh, yes, I can swim." When deceased had got about 28 yards from the shore he threw up his hands. Witness at once pulled off his shoes and rushed into the water wita his clothing on. and he had swum to within ten yards of the deceased whea the latter sank and did not rise again. There was a strong ebb tide running, and also a heavy overflow from the Ship Canal weir,and witness had great difficulty in regaining the shore,as his clothes were very heavy.—The Coroner: Are you a good swimmer ? I am a fair swimmer,not to say a good one.—Peter Furneval and Walter Yates, youths,deposed to the recovery of the body.—The Coroner, in summing up, said Donald had evinced a very great amount of good feeling and bravery in acting as he did.—The jury coincided with the coroner's remarks, and the foreman (Mr.W.Wright) said the place was a very dangerous one. A verdict was returned to the effect that the deceased was drowned while bathing.—Subsequently the coroner and the foreman went to view the spot, with the inten- tion of drawing up a memorial to the Humane Society. The funeral of the deceased took place on Thursday afternoon in Runcorn Cemetery. There was a large at- tendance of sympathisers and friends. The Rev. Dr. Preston who was the officiating clergyman, in the course of a short address in Holy Trinity Church referred to the suddenness with which the deceased had been called away. In the procession to the Cemetery there walked in advance, the members of the Rose of Sharon Lodge of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, amongst whom were Bros. S. Worrell, sick visitor, Edward Jones, trus- tee; and P.G.M. Joseph E. Jones, auditor. Mr. Edward Price and the members of his class at Holy Trinity school also walked, the deceased having been aesociated with it. The bearers were Messrs. J. Shaw, Richard Wiekstead, James Blundell, Frederick Lamb, Fred Platt, and J. Blundell, representing the moulding department at Messrs. Timmins foundry. The relatives and friends followed. A number of beautiful wreaths had been sent, contributed by mother and father, sister, Cissie, Mr. and Mrs. John Riley (aunt and uncle), Ernest and John Riley, Mr. and Mrs. Lowe, Mr. Charles Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. Yates and family. Mr. James Griffiths, fellow workmen at the foundry, Mr. Edward Prince, and the scholars of the Sunday school class. The funeral service of the Order of Oddfellows was read by Mr. Jones.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Thursday morning. Mr. E. Imison, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P.,C.C., J. W. Lightburn, H. J. Once, J. Jones, G. H. Kirkham, M. Sweetman, T. Dean, F. Wiswall, J. Wilson; Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk). Mr. Marshall (secretary), Dr. McDougall (medical officer), and Mr. M. Barker (surveyor).

. , MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr. McDougall in his report for the month stated that the number of deaths registered amounted to 44. one of which was an inquest case. Of the remaining 43 cases, 3 were due to mesenteric disease, 3to paralysis, 13 to diarrl,cei, 17 to measles. 2 to convulsions, and one each to phthisis, inflammation of the living membiaue of the brain, debility, cystitis, and one to heart affection. The 44 deaths showed an average death rate of 27-7 per thousand of the estimated population for 12 months, and exclusive of the inquest case, of the 271. 19 were infants twelve months or under, and 15 were over 12 months and under 27 years. 56 births were registered during the month.—The report was adopted.

HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE. This committee recommended that Mr. James Wilding be appointed assistant surveyor for a further term of two years at a salary after the rate of £l5O a year and that the term date from the Ist October next ; and that he devote his time principally to the superintendence of the making of private streets and to the work incidental thereto ; that the plan of Mr. John Hudson of four cottages proposed to be built in Dale-st., be approved.—The minutes were passed without com- ment, on the motion of Mr. Taylor, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MR PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

It was recommended by the Health Committee, and agreed to by the Council,on the motion of Mr.F.Wiswall, seconded by Mr. Jones,that thechairman of the Council, the chairman of the committee, Mr. Lightburn and the Law Clerk be appointad a deputation to confer with other riparian authorities re formation of a Port Sanitary Authority.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER COMMITTER.

Mr. Jones moved, and Mr. Sweetman seconded, the adoption of the minutes of this committee which recom- mended that the tender of Mr. William Moore for the carting of 1,200 tons of slack be accepted ; and that water be supplied to the trough closets at St. Edward's school for bs.per quarter 'subject to the flushing being under the supervision of the head mistress.—The minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBRARIAN'S EXPENSES TO CARDIFF.

It was recommended by the Library Cemmittee that 100 copies of the annual report be printed and that the Librarian attend the annual meeting of the Library Association of the United Kingdom to represent the Library Committee and that his expenses be allowed,the same not to exceed £s.—Mr. Grice moved the adoption of these minutes and Mr. Taylor seconded.—Me. Sweet- man moved an amendment that the last recolinmenda- tion be not passed. He said considering the state of the tlwn owing to the depression in trade, he thought they ought not to waste ZS on that matter.—Dr. Gastaldi seconded the amendment.—Mr. Liehtburn in supporting the confirmation of the minutes, said Mr. Speakman ob- jected to the money being wasted. He (Mr. Lightburn) did not think that the money would be wasted. By allowing their officer to attaid the conference they made him more efficient,and everything expended on the effi- ciency of their servants was money well spent.—Mr. Dan said he took a different view of the matter. He took it that their librari in was efficient, and he did not see the necessity of spending public money in sending him to such a conference.—Mr. Wiswall said if the spending of this money would tend to increase the rates he could understand this cry about bad times. The com- mittee could not spend more than the penny rate which was allowed. He considered that the £5 would be well spent. He could inform them that Sir Jahn Brunner had told them that if they wanted any books to help students attending the, Institute he would be very pleased to eet the books for them—(hear, hear)—and make a presnat of them. Surely the Council was not going to be so stingy in the face of such an offer.—Mr. Taylor said the granting of the money would not effect the rates at all, and further the Library Committee con- sisted of gentlemen who had taken very great interest in the s library work and he did not think for a msment that they would spend £5 if it were not for the advantage cf the library. On being put to the vote, the amendment was carried by five votes to four. For the amendment there voted Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. Jones, Kirkham, Sweetsnan, and Ddan, against Messrs. Wiswall, Taylor, Lightburn and (=rice. Mr. Wilson and the Chairman did not vote.— The Chairman said it was quite Mrn for anyone to move a further amendment.—Mr. Grice moved that the Librarian attend the meeting and that his expenses be allowecl.—No seconder being found, the amendment was dropped.—Mr. Wiswall moved that the expenses allowed should not (moped £4 10s., and said it was not the time to be stingy and shabby. If they had no enterprise the trade of the town would be bad.—Mr. Lightburn seeonded the amend- ment, and said he took the higher ground of the utility of the conference.—Mr. Taylor supported the amendment.—Dr. Gastaldi referring to the good said to be derived from attending the conference, stated that the reports would be in the newspapers, and the Librarian could make himself acquainted with the pro- ceedings in that way. He knew his duties as well as any librarian in the kingdom.—Mr. Grice also spoke in favour of the amendment, but on being put to the vote it was Inst. The minutes with the exception of the one referring to the payment of the expenses of the librarian were then passed.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. Lightburn in submitting the report of the Finance Committee stated that the overdraft of £l4 15s. sd. on the general fund would he wiped out in the course of the month. The rates were being paid in a satisfactory manner.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE OF MOTION.

Dr. Gastaldi gave notice that at the next meeting he would move " That it is not in the interest of the rate- payers of Runcorn that electric lighting be introduced in this town, and that a committee be appointed to carefully consider the subject."—The Chairman said the proper course for the members to take who wished to E,,ive notice of motion was to submit it in writing to the Secretary seven days before the meeting. He thought it would 13,_‘ better in the interests of the Council if the notices were eiven in that way. This concluded the business.

The new steamer Georgic, of the White Star line, the largest freight carrying steamer in the world, has com- memorated her maiden voyage by the re cue of the crew of the disabled barque Toni, a German vessel, bound for England with deals. The crew, twelve in number, were taksn off by the Georgic ana landed safely in New York.

- A shocking occurrence took placa at Aston, Birming- ham, on Thursday. A man named Thomas Hancox was putting in some drain pipes at a new mission hall when the earth above him gave way and fell upon him. He was buried at a depth of fourteen feet, and although the earth was dug out in half an hour, he was dead when his body came into view.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The long anticipated opening of the Runcorn Technical Institute has now become an accom- plished fact, and from henceforth, as was stated by Sir John Brunner, M.P., at the opening ceremony, it is consecrated to the use of the public of Run- corn for all time to come. This latest educational facility in the town is one that has been much needed and there is every probability of its being put to good use. It was pleasing to notice the presence at the opening ceremony of the large number of friends of education from various parts of the county, but on the other hand there were very fow formerly familiar faces in Runcorn to be seen—in fact the men who have amassed wealth in the town have departed, and seem to have shaken off the Runcorn dust from their feet, to return no more. Canon Wood hit the nail on the head when he said, when thanking Sir John Brunner for his assistance, that Runcorn people were not used to generosity en the part of the richer people ; if any- thing wanted doing they had to go to the poor.

A united effort will now be necessary to wipe off the adverse balance of .51,500 which is due on the building. It is a matter of course to say that if this is allowed to remain it will greatly cripple the efforts of the Technical Instruction Committee. The _whole of the grant of the Cheshire County Council and the additional penny rate,altogether amounting to about £513 will be necessary for the successful carrying on of the institution year by year, and therefore it behoves all who have at heart the pro- vision of better educational facilities of the people, to use a hackneyed phrase, to put their shoulders to the wheel, and place the institution on a more solid basis.

At the meeting of the Runcorn School Board on Tuesday, Canon Wood made some remarks which under the circumstances it was perhaps only quite natural to expect him to make. It was when speaking in support of the increase of the clerk's salary for the additional duties, con- sequent on the transfer of the Wesleyan day schools to the Board, and the work of managing which will now devolve upon the Clerk. They were now paying for work, "he generously in- formed us,' wbich had been done for nothing under the voluntary system, and in his opinion, "it was a great misfortune when the voluntary schools were thrown on the rates." We suppose he is speak- ing now from a ratepayers standpoint only,for later day experience points conclusively to the fact that Board schools are becoming more and more popular with the general public, and they show their pre- ference for them by sending their children there when they have the opportunity. Only last week this was brought before the notice of the members of the Runcorn Board by the letter (rum the Educa- tion D partment in which they stated that the girls' selools under the control of the Board were overcrowded. Yet, forsooth, in some of the de- nominational schools in the town, as was admitted, there was plenty of room !

The drowning fatality which occurred in the Mersey at Runcorn this week, again draws atten- tion to the necessity of suitable baths in the town. Boys will be boys, and if proper bathing accommo- dation is not provided they will utilise other places, whether dangerous or not. There is not much to be said in favour of a swim in the foul river Mersey— at Runcorn at any rate, or for that matter,the Ship Canal either,which is very little better. But youths are to be seen daily during the warm weather tak- ing a dip into them, and not a few have paid the penalty with their lives. There are no safeguards against drowning, and it is not always that people are near at hand to rescue in case of need. Mr. Walter Collier has again and again advocated the necessity of having baths, but has met with meagre support. The latest move in this direction has been the suggested baths underneath the proposed new Board schools. Whether the suggestion will be car- ried out, remains to be seen.

From the appearance of the agenda for the meet- ing of the Urban Council which was held yester- day, there was every promise of a quick despatch of the business, and very little to talk about. But the unexpected happened, and that brief recom- mendation of the Library Committee that the Librazian should attend the annual meeting of the Library Association, and that he be allowed ex- penses not exceeding .£s,did not escape the vigilant eye of some economical councillors, and it proved to be quite a fruitful source of debate. The re- sult ot the voting was also a surprise to some, for it was decided that no expenses be allowed. This seems rather hard upon the Librarian, and savours somewhat of a cheeseparing policy.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
GROSS CRUELTY TO A. CHILD AT FRODSHAM. A HEARTLESS MOTHER.

At the Frodsham Police Court on Thursday, before Mars. C. Reynolds and T. Rigby, Emma Nickson, of no settled alsode, was charged with neglecting and abandoning her infant child, Wilfrid Nickson, aged five months on the night of September 2nd. Inspector McAteer N.S.P.C.C. stated that on the 2nd of this month, the defendant, and her illegitimate child were brought to the police office. P.C. Price asked the mother to undress it, and then it was seen that the child was thoroughly emaciated. The bones on the back, arms, and legs, were devoid of flesh, and the child was almost a skeleton. The officer asked the mother how she accounted for the condition of the child and she told him she did not know nor care anything about it. She also refused to go into the workhouse, saying that she would rather see the thing die in the hedges than go there. As she left the police officer she said that she would see the child dead that night. Late the same night, the child was found on a doerstep in Maine-st.. Frodsham, and the case was reported to the poiice, station.—P.C. Clays immediately went in pursuit of the defendant and arrested her four miles away,and brought her back to Frodsham. The child only weighed eight pounds, but ought to weigh nibs Boz. The defendant had been continually sleeping out at night on doorsteps and underneath hedges for the past three monthssand the child had been grossly and systematically neglected. On one occasion, the child was found lying on a doorstep crying bitterly. The Inspector asked for a substantial punishment to be inflicted upon the defendant as it was a most serious case, and the defendant must have been trying to starve the child to death. P.C. Clays said that when he arrested the defendant and charged her with the offence, she replied "Yes, it can go to h—." About three weeks previously, the defendant was seat to gaol for 14 days for being found sleeping with the child upon a doorstep. Be had re- peatedly cautioned her. _ . . . . . _ _

john Baird also deposed to seeing the child saturated with rain on one occasion. Elizabeth Wade gave corroborated evidence, and some very damaging evidence was given by P.C. Price. The Bench characterised the case as an extraordinary one, and sentenced the defendant to three months hard labour, and ordered the child to be handed over to the custody of the N.S P.C.C., until it was 14 years of age.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

MEETING OF ODDFELLOWS.—A meeting of the Runcorn district was held at the Earl of Chester Lodge, Halton, on Thursday. The officers and delegates were present as follows :—G.M. J. Hartland, C. secretary, G. Burrows, P.P.G.M. ; treasurer, R. Wright, P.P.G.M.; trustee, W. Cringle, P.P.G.M. ; and auditors, P.G. W. E. Dudley and P.G. R. Jeacock. Delegates, Royal Oak Lodge, Widnes: P.P.G.M. W. Hartland, P. '.G.M. W. Fausey, P.G. F. Hartland,P.G. S. Rowe, P.G. J. Beech. William the Fourth, Runcorn P.G. J. Groome, Roland Jones, and J. Jones. Kent's Pride, Widnes: P.G. G. Moss, and G. Booth. Duke of Devonshire Lodge: P.P.G..M G. Rutter and P.G. Samuel Boyers. Ebenezer Lodge: J. Hilton. P.G. Earl of Chester Lodge: H. Dale. P.P.G.M. The purple degree was conferred upon S. Boyers, J. Jones, and R. Jeacock. The accounts were passed, and show the district to be in a thorough-going financial colidition and the membership had increased by 17. P.P.G. Masters R. Wright and G. Rutter gave a very interest- ing report of their visit to the Swansea A.M.C. at Whit- suntide. It was unanimously decided to pay the death claim on behalf of the late Captain Roberts, who was lost at sea in December last. According to the usual custom the nominations for the various offices were taken, namely :—G.M., Job Hartland, Royal Oak Lodge, Widnes; D.G.M., P.G.', R. Jones, H. Walton, W. E. Dudley, Joseph Owen, and J. Jones, Widnes ; auditors, E. Key, John Jones ; deputy to Bristol A.M.C.,Whitsun- tide, 1895, P.P.G.M. W. Powell, P.P.G.M. W. Hartland, C.S. G. Burrows, P.G. J. Barrow, P.G. W. E. Dudley. This concluded the business of a public nature.

A daring attempt was made on Thursday afternoon to explode a bomb on the bank premises of Messrs. Roths- child in the Rue Lafitte, Paris. The perpetrator of the outrage, whose movements had excited the suspicion of a police officer and had caused him to be watched, was arrested on the spot aftes a severe struggle. He declared himself an Anarchist.

WRINGING MACHINST. GARLAND. ironmonger Warrington.

HOUSEHOLD LINENS. hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. Durroff ankey-ft., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I ___

===== 0002601_18950907_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN RUGBY BOOTBALL UNION. A meeting of the Emergency Committee a the. Northern Ruglky Football Ursion was held on Thursday night at the George Hotel, Huddersfield, Mr. J. Nicholl;' Halifax,presiding,and five others members being Presaad. representing Brighouse, Huddersfield, Leeds, Leigh, an Manningham. act The names of the following gentlemen willing W as referees in union matches were submitted :—Farrero, and Wood, Halifax ; Skinner, Emmott, Watts, .6°„4415'.. • and Kitson, Leeds ; Court and Ingham,_ Oldham ; "°' thorpe, Marsh, Renteu, Bairstow, and Edison, Smith, Widnes - ; Rowlands, Morrell, and Drake., grook, aria ' Bradford ; Wainwright, Runcorn ; Brawn, Ramsden. Beghouse ; Wilson, Holmes, and Ribinso.ll4. Manningham ; Whitehead, Bell, and Dannatt, Shaw, Rayner, Scholes, Batley ; Slevia, llnderwoonu., and Clegg, Wigan; Boydell.Leigh ; flarrop,England,a ; Depledge, Huddersfield ; Varley, Lewis' 811 e. Willcock, Warringtsn ; Sedman,and Barber, Liversedg Hunslet ' ; Bruckshaw, Stansfield, Potts, and Ingle, Stockport. 00 The following matches were agreed to for to-daY the grounds of the first-named clubs :—Bra•df°,. ds, Wakefield, Tyldesley v. Manningham, Leigh v. Runcorn v. Whines, Batley v. Hull, Stockport g. , house, Warrington v. Hunslet, Liversedge flathid le Broughton Rangers v. Wigan,and St. Helens V. Hornets. 14 The following are the fixtures for SepteMber Liversedge v. Wigan, Widnes v. Leeds, We Wake Hull, Hunslet v. Oldham, Huddersfield v. Wakßrig- Tyldeeley v. Bradf3rd, Manningham v. Batleha°'ae house v. Rochdale Hornets. 0. with The committee were occupied all the ev,!".arkb d jtS the fixture list, at the close a the meeting adlcai—e further consideration. , held The next meeting of the sub-cmcnittee will sr, the Spread Eagle Hotel, Manchester. on

MARKETS. 40a• WARRINGTON MARK E F.—WEDNESDAY, ...S4Pioo' FRUIT. VEGETABLE, POULTRY. FISHMONGERS' TABLE. (I. 13* s. d. s. B. o—2 0 1 • Beef, Eng., ,th 0 sto 0 9 Melon' each bo Lamb per lb 0 B—o 10 Oranges. 01C- 0 0— o 0 ' Mutton, Veal ~ ~6 0 9 Pears .......... . 0_ 0 i• Pork ~ ~0 6—o Anricois sEtch."o Pork sides cured 0 5-0 6 Cauliflower^ „ho 6 0 Whnle plgs„ so 8 0-8 6 Cucurn.,er° eg- 0 2 0 0 ass lb Fsws'couple 4 0-0 0 Tom ,toes lb. 0 8— 0 0 Chickens Ducklings ~6 6 -0 0 SpAnish Onions. 0 1 ,„ • Raqpits Hares, each - 4 6 Asparagus r 17, 6 Pigeons,, Part 'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes 0 8-- Grouse „ -0 0 Mushrooms /7 1..0 --*0 Pheasants 0 0-0 0 Green Peas Pk Turkey lb oo—l 0 Green Qprouts I'o 0 a » Butter, fresh, 1 2 1 3 B ~ .ans,kidneym. „ Hen eggs 11 1 0— 0 0 Pomeg:anates.. 'f;,; 0 • Duck , Apples lb - 'o's Onions ~n 1 0 2 Che,•se ........... 0_- 4g , Grapes „ 0 0-2 0 Fine . . .......... o'„ 40 36 8 Pine Apple each 26 3 0 Good ......... -70 0 0 0 Greengagesir th 0 0— 0 3 Me iium • .... 1 4—l Cherries „ 111 Rrawb( rries „00 0 0 Turbot ...... 1 0 0 Damsons ~ ~0 0 2 Salmon ..... 00— 0 6 Plums „ oo— 0 2 Whitings ..... o'O 0 Gooseberries o— o 0 Flukes ... . 0 8 --- Raspberries ~0 0-0 0 Eels .. •••" 0 0 0 0 Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles ...... 0 0 0 Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Spading!, ..... 0 4 0 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 6 00(10511 ... 0 0 0 Seakale Sr" 1010 0-0 0 Macuerei 1 0-- Rhubarb bell 0 0— 0 0 Herring loze

Tv 0 FOR FIRST-CLASS Pl".'t

TEETH.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

I_)ENTISTRY. Appointments unnePessary, but 11,4 arranged.

All consultations free. ce Each patient informed beforehand tl'e work required Gold and oth-r fillings at moderate charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendant°,e aid Painless Ext.' action as hil h'rt°lltb of Nitrou Oxide. Maker to Dentists of 10.00° gallons weekly. Exors. of the late

J. H. PARlciplso 5 (DENTIST HT EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 4(3, MOSLEY-STE/Or* (NAT TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STROD"' ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, 0 . EARLESTOWN, on 2% ESDAYS, at Mtl' )Ij;dla, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, S.A.NOI— on THURSDAYS, En50.0-5/* NORTHWICII, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLOSOS°-6

____-.-',

13 PIA ------- WOOD.—Auguat 24th, at Hardy-street, Wirrillgt° ''l Wood, sged 49 years. TlMMl9.—Auguse2sth, at Aikin-street, Warr Woing.'-' jOlO4 Thnmis, aged 51 years. CoQattovE.—Atiattot 25th, at Orford-lane, rinb- ' e 6 1 Cosgrove. aged 58 y ars DOUG4TY.—tiugust 27th .at taira-street, ringtou JO it a 4 . Edward Doughty, aged 9 months. tr Ttiao ,t ALcocx —Anust 28th, at Phi ip-street, Warringtoll, Aleoek, aged 52 ,ears. DENTON.—August 29th, at Sharp-street, Warrington, . Denton, aged 14 years. __-.......e"--------...... . Wart

DEATHS.

Just and inp receiveM; a MEMORIAL CARDS. Cell s El .1,,f.g0e RsitAo err,. 0 fer AATRHOs ST oet iminpies! w fill pIiATTITZIBI; printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, 0000, toes Handbills, Bill Heads, 10. Newest type all. Machinery, . JOHN S. GREEN. TDB BOROUGH PRUSS. , 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WABRINGTOw• . •--------------.. 'varrington.—Printed and Published by e.t The Examiner General Printing Works. 107„torisi..rocir end Published also at The grarniner Offices, !,. ~.- .......tregt.',% V"'NES ; High-Street BUNCOSiIf 32, "e'._ szpigsHP"" Ire;ens ; and 33, MaYtcet-street, ti • BLINTOIVN 7, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950907_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-A

===== 0002601_18950907_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18950907_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PDEPEN DRNT METTIODISTS.-BRICK - ST. MISSION, WAERINGTON. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Will v A BAZ %Alt s. held in the WESLEYAN SCTIOOLS, BOLD- On WICDNEIDiY, THURSDAY. and FM- ' DAY, OCTOBER 23rd. 24th, a 4 25th. PRUCERDS IN AD) OF HOILDING FUND. 13. WARBURTON, 35, Robson-it. J. SHAW, 81, Lythgoes-lane. General Sees, to Bswaar.

M.S. & L. RALLWY. D°ISC ASTER A. RACES, 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th eptember. On each day of the !laces a cheap -41118S8 g XCL ((SION to Doncaster (by the nearest route) .444.`re Warrington (Central) at 10 18 a.m. Fare 12s. first 1%.4 ste"b•itltileird clam For times of return, .and full particu- WILLIAM POLLITT, 1895. 'Genera! Manager. t September,

- 011,.„E,,5111RE LINES. I XCURSIONS TO THE kouRTH WALES COAST via LIVERPOOL. Every and THURSDAY until further notice. Cheap gRapEXCURSION TICKETS as shown below, will ed trona Warrington (Central,. to LLANDUDNO, Poo' Mith IS, BANGOR and MENIA BRIDGE via LIVER- m 84,10- 45- .S• "ST. TUDNO," leaving Princes Landing .4agd • mm. sti tadno, first-class and saloon 7s. 6d. ; third class, and 11°Z1* 6,• ;.Ird case and second salon, es. kalet:Taris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, first-class and lseu et. 6d.; third class and saloon, 7s. ; third class and saloon, 46 ,6d. particulars see bills.

1:43kf1, OH 9. 3c.41:t WARRINGTON '11.4t I'S 'I? • ` . OPENING OF THE PARR HALL. The IL, WARRINGTON. that -.avor and Corporation have pleasure In announeing °ell the o'xaslon of the Presentation of the abov.. Hall, HARLTOE PARR, Esq , to the Town of Warrington, TIIURSDAY, the 28TH SEPT &MEER, 1895, TWO GRAND MUSICAL PERFORM A NCES, BE GIVEN BY THE MEMBERS OF THE r,WARRING ON MUSICAL SOCIETY. saliturslG CHFIBMONY and AFTERNOON PERFORMANCE at 2 15. HANDEL'S GRAND ORATORIO: "JUDAS MACC A BEUS." EVENING PERFORMANCE at 7 45. SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN'S CANTATA: lex Overt "ON SHORE AND SEA." Aore ..AGIC FLUTE" (Mozart); "SERENADE 0.” for Piano and Orchestra (Mendelssohn) ; tad and CHORUS from TANNHAUSER" (Wagner); heiVi NOS. t 3 Artistes will take part in both Performances: 11" e ANNA WILLI '.MS. CONTRLLTO : Mies BUTT. TENOR Mr. ED?.. D LLOYD. Bass: Cho Mr. ANDREW BLACK. Ns and Orchestra of upwards of 230 Performers. Ir. FRANK 11. CROSSLEY, Conductor. ,ApT•R„ PRICES OF ADMISSION: (4—"CION PERFORMANCE —First Reserved Seats, Irecond Reserved Seats and Centre Gallery, 4s. ; Side Back Gallery, 2s ; B ckSeata (Ground Floor),ls 14scon7,",NG PRRFOR MANCE—Fast esetyed Seats 55.. Reserved Seats and Centre Gallery, 3s. ; Side Gallery, Seats (Ground Floor) and Gallery, ls. 114L,W9ITS FOR BO 111 PERFORMANCES—First Reserve.: lieoc ; Second Reserved Seats and Centre Gallery, 6s. 11:1,_they be had and Plan of Reserved Scats seen at Mr. wethescla""°4 Bold-st,, Warrington, after 10 a.m., on 7, the 11th September nest. JAM ES FAIRcLOUGH, Mayor. tall J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Warrtngtou, August, 1895.

ti-131thiir Offfrialg. .....„,., W4IIRINGTON UNION.— GIRLS' INDUSTRIAL leryie TRAINEE WANTED.—The Guardians require the bet,,,e4pf a single woman or widow, without ckildren, to Nthe •'-, DIN PHIAL TEACHER and MOTHER of one of rriiilrls Homes, at the Industrial Schools, Padgate, iesmi It',gton. The person appointed will be required to othe_ ne girls, cookery, sewing, cleaning and scouring, and 1 WlEfe to train them for suitable domestic employment ; tioY £2O per year, with apartme.its rations. &c. Applica- h.-it,. With testimonials of recent da'te to be sent to Mr. ,t izi",° Mines. Superintendent of Union Schools, Paclgate. onrgeton, (from whom all particulars may be obtained), on i Monday, September 16th.— order. Weey chamberf-C. s TioN.By UNION CLERC. ••...,.........".........._:_Warrington, September 4th, 1895.

. 411,,tINGTON UNlON.—Persons willing to CON- lefes rAeT for the supply ot any of the undermentioned ,-,Ated fnfa Michaelmas to Lady Day next, except where n-4 Y°", to t ' delivered free of expense at the War- -14 Mo 1 Plop Workhousere or at the Industrial Schools, 4ahroi. . at such times and in such quanties as the Board of t IS'ope ans shall direct, are reque,tel to send in TENDERS. he rIY sealed thittakiltottne. endorsed, and f efe of expense addressed to Guardians before tour o'clock P.m. on Tues- ti4o,follo,,,i n -'nßayaorfe°etteteamrtbiecrle:efOr which tenders are re- ...._ , fleet ,liaBsnd s Provis 1° Shoes Clogs and Slippers nd Mon uttll liii• thazing 1104 for a .t!aJoints for Officers Brushes Year 144 and Irish Coffins 14 'es of sh pin head Meal 1 Beet Oakum Rope for br Bread tt'a tnd Port picking llNAWeanct Pots 7. Best Penmaenmawr Stone Qota (try. 4. oes for breaking purposes Nt 114 Twill Leather 94,„. Slackof' and Gas Coke Earthenware I.oles ~ 11,- 4,t,t-• any of the above may be seen on application to 14tIt te ,fl,: 5 the Workhouse. The Coal end Slack supplied _ Ish`tes ,„111.3 satisfaction of the House and School isiC ',brier,, i!,,e Pit and quality of Coal must be named he h the qit,etio,iitiotirns of tender and full particulars as t prob- Thieek.6 ea Of each article required may be obtained at . FiTA.tiiri,a office. 41,--TioNaill also invite TENDERS for PRINTING and attiNel,lr4Y, frond Michaelmas. 1895 to Michaelmas 1896. 04111 s oleri:lder this head must be equal to samples to be Been ,tt,,,lned. ..! °Moe, where also forms of Tenders, Sic, mayiy be Op T,Ceci tCooda required from Poor Law Publiehers will be k"4 net, fnußh the Stationery contractor at a commissi n thereof to be named in the Tender. be made upo I the prescribed fornt and nC`ereet,;"ecrosed and endorsed with the name of the art lcle , 14tesio"r• Each article tender,rl for must be of the size, t"her.:44. quty shown at the Workhouse. No tenders ?*twlali CS will be accepted. Each contractor must be ' e,isrtlereqUired) to enter into security for the due per- --fiez.,l4 Contract. The Guardians do not bind them- wth 44,..ent the lowest or any tender. All contract Pak/ quarterly —By order. kw, JAMES CLOWES SUTTON, . ..., -ey o,_ - Clerk to the Guardians. •-- - 'wnabeis, Warrington. September 4th, 1895.

SIILIC UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. Ild., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, 1 Bridge Street, Warrington.

p U PTITIL ES . - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. It, T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSI or Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor-Street, Lon- 'on-read. Manchester.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED. NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM Is., is. 2d., is. 41., is. 6d., is. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE C HES ri IRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPL 0 YERS LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1.000,000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. WAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGSBY, Central Station St. Helens linuteford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

"WW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. Balms, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address finoaox Evams and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st., London, E.C.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will Bend you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, Bm., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LE6II. 92-93, Great Russell-street. London. W.O A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, aud it will not harm the unmarriep to read. The book is conveniently divided into 12 , chapters The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out thy best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such mar riages as a rule. Chapter ur treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fif th chapter tells w a woman should live during the pregnant state. Tue sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. seventh chapter treats of maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due to longings in the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy i certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The nint chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes Bo thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. T e book can be ha from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, Spanish-place. Manchester-sguar London, W., in return for a Postal Order for is. id.

winow WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter of the Widow AIL Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and geouine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints basobtained or it a most extensive and inc, easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION .—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smitbers who is the only person in, possession oi th 9 ORiot NAL RECIPE. The genuine are wr ppect in Blue gaper, ono signed in the outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS AND SON, 157, Queen Victoria-st," formerly of GT, St. Paul's. London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold in booes at 25 9d., each, by most Chemists.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. Drawing, Painting. Modelling, Life-classes, etc. Elemen- tary and Advanced work in all departments. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. Geometry, Mathematics Building Construction. Machine Drawing, Applied Mechanics, Steam, Physics, Inorganic Chemistry. Metallurgy, Organic Chemistry, Physiology, hygiene, Woodwork. Iron and Steel, Tanning, Dressmaking. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. Writing, Shorthand, Arithmetic, Book-keeping, Com- mercial Correspondence, French, Spanish, German, Music. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. Preparatory classes in English Composition, Arithmetic, Shorthand, Drawing. Elementary Science, Needlework, Cookery, etc. Evening classes re-open on Monday, September 16th. Pay classes on Tuesday, September 3rd. For fees, &c., see Syllabus, and List of Classes. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary. The Museum, Bold-street.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE Z..: CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, _ SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-TREET,., WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY. LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLIN•TON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. , £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 21. 3d. £5l, „ 20s. „ „ £3 fie. Od. £100„, 40s. „ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. 40RDON, Manager.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 161. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From E4e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 64. 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, 12 LORD 5 STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SCIIIERW ATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED AGENTS FOR '7SE WALTHAM WA i CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BES C TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVEPLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND R SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REVD, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Ch .not). Strings, Bows, Cases, Sm., of Finest Qnality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

9, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. THE FIRM OF WILLIAM GILL has pleasure in announcing that their arrangements for KEEPING MEAT COOL DURING THE SUMMER, BY MEANS OF A COLD AIR REFRIGERATOR, are now completed, thereby enabling them to guarantee TENDER MEAT DURING THE HOTTEST WEATHER.

W. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FANCY GOODS.

'WILLIAM (ALE FAMILY BUTCHER. 27, BRICK-STREET, FENNEL-STREET, WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON. BhEF. VEAL. PORK, &c., Always on hand from sid. to 81d. per lb. A Trial Solicited.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. WRINGING MACHINES A SPECIALITY.

GIIINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD Alm BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK. or BOTTLES from 13. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

ANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine kept In stook. Wagons sent to any Railway Static. , H orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98 N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GBAIIIIIAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

29,- PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Q,tality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46 HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown the Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT FD FREE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.tO 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by 11.M.R. Lett=re patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSLVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' .CERTH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health add Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information free. MAODONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton•street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD.. Forthwith, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address i NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRI DAY.II a.m.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29. PICCADILLY. (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. • Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Ilous.s built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing pu ctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agents

J. FAMILY BUTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STREET, AND 61, iALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEP, MUTTON. VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES, All orders promply attended to and delivered when required.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements. &a., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Ptahlie. Sold by I Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, WARRINGTON

ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS.—(Sundays expected.) LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily 10.30 am and 2pm I Lally 9am and 3.30 Pm Saturdays 5 prn I Mondays, extra 12.30 am ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. EVERY WEEK DAY From Liverpool 10.30 am I From Douglas 3.30 pm Due Douglas ab0ut...2.15 pm I Due Liverpool about 7.15 pm Day Fares : Fore Cabin, 4s. 6d.; Saloon, 7s. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily Douglas LIVERP@OL TO RadatuesEs2;3l,osDPlam7ll),DFSlaaetieluytrwrayas and Mondays direct, 12 30 noon ; Tuesdays. Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Frldays, via Douglas. 2 p.m. Weekends at Ramsey, Special Steamer. Mondays, 1 a.m., Ramsey to Live rpool. FLEETWOOIS TO RAMSEY, via Doug as, every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS TO Drama, Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO GLASGOW, Mondays Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST. via Peel, daily to 9th. Cheap fares and short sea passagPs. Hall Caine's Little Man Island" also Book of Tours and Saillnes from Douglas to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow, for- warded on receipt of stamps, value 2d., by Messrs. Cook & Son and Swan & Leach Limited. Manchester ; or the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO/THE • 0•••:N ISLE OF MAN. &N. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in lonneetion with steamer leaves Warriagton via Preston at 55 a.m. Specid Cl•eap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. 6d. } Trains run Third-class and Salom . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin us. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—DIRCUEAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s, Od. Third-class and Saloon l3B. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking whtch route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney Y‘ssengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness. „Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAY BB OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. QPECTAL REDUCED FARES between LIVER- Li POOL, GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabin (single) 6s. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, 10s. ; Steerage (single) 3s. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co and Shropshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL ARE) GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREFNOCIC • -' The first-class full-powered Screw Steiniirs OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (soutb-west side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Piifefliners in terms stated in Saliing Bills, to be had from the Agents— Prom Clarence Dock SEPTEMBER (S.W. Side) at BEAR Tuesday 10th 1 p.m. OWL Thursday 12th. 3 p.m. BEAR Satin day 14th 6 p m. C. MACIVRE. & CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester. AGENTS, J. BRUCE MURRAY & Co., 24 George Square, Glasgow ;J.& J. DENHOLM. Greenock

UNSWORTH BROTHERS, FOOTBALL OUTFITTERS. FOOTBALLS - RUGBY AND ASSOCIATION - FR OM THE BEST MAKERS. FOOTBALL JERSEYS, FOOTBALL SHIRTS, PANTS, STOCKINGS, BAGS, AND SHIN-GUARDS. SPECIAL QUOTATIONS FOR CLUB OUTFITS. ORDER EARLY TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT. UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS REFRESHMENT CATERERS FOR WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCHEON, DINNER, AND SUPPER PARTIES. With or Without Decorations. ESTIMATES ON APPLICATION AT THE RESTAURANT. 102, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER. Published twice daily, Will be forwarded post free on reoript of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Pricel st"published twice daily durin; the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address . STEWARDS' CUP, GOODWOOD STARES. ST. LEGER, CESAREWITCH, CAMBRIDGESHIRE. Am., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS t per oz. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, f 2s. SCALPETTES, 21s. MULES BROWN, 3, LEECIC- TREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSH AND CROWN-STREET. WARRINGTON. Begs to inform his friends and the public generally that he has taken over the Business lately earried on by him- self and Peter Rigby at the above address, and hopes by strict attention to merit a continuance of their support. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDF-WE :-10, MERSEY MOUNT.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRILYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUIJON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICRERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICIC : Arpley Station, Warrington. Address,or No. rinito n 9 COAL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Telephone I Arplieeyl, Mazeon-street, RuncomrnoidGjanr.eton„

FIRE! FIRE!! F IRE! .1 1 W. P. & W. SKELION LTD., WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all br..triches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORS &MARKET- STREET, adjoining the late premises. where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS 0 select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY, at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m.. and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI .RIDGE, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: , cv••••` JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR VUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA. every WED- NESDAY.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at 6-E1 THE FAXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATIE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments arunnecessary,ed but may be TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient for work reqdbuterrand the cost TEET.H. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. rainless Extracloiz.aosushglisiecleto by the aid of TEETH. 2daker to Dentist+ of 10.000 gallons 1. weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST ;BY Emma.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. Va.. No. 1660),I LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. SINES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3,.SAIIICaIt-BT RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Bnmax-sr. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

R. ISHER WOOD, OUSS AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNIIRS'-LANB, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire, Life, Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS. FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL _LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

£96...000 To Lend at once on Mortgage; can divide ; freehold or leasehold properties ; interest 4 to 5 per cent.—J. BROWN, 50a., Lord-stre.t, Liverpool.

TRY, AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at _L a few hours notice from £3 upwards, amply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply In confidence JONES, 64, Church-street. Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers, Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 22, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

TH E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

mOBEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladles or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges ss hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anteed. Bills doicounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender.' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me, and I will se- cornmodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lifter- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. No BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Repayments Eary. Also LOANS granted on Life Assuravce Policies, Re- versions, and Freehold end Leasehold Property, at Five per cent. Interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to?, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO e..TO3EPII WADSWORTII, District Agent, 119. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINOTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own aeourity. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without Public enquiry, on your simple written prenaise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WILDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane. any Evening from 6ti 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO. Man OryrcE-38, IIENSII•W-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, Am., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O ,, Bs. ~ ...... £1 7s. 65. £5O „ 2os. „ £llO ,, 40s. „ ...... £6 16e. £530 ., £lO „ £lOOO „ £2O , First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made I thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF RIO to £l,OOO, to respectable tersons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. Delay. „ Life Polices 61. in the £ ~ Law Costs. ac. weekly, monthly „ Publicity. At 5 per cent, or quarterly Capital can remain at Interest This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, Reg. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

POSTAL INFORMATION • POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OP WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which :a Letter cats e posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp,

1 1-30 pa,. 10-30 p.m. 1145 p.m. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. lislan OFFICE .. ... ... ... High-st.. Newton -rosTmesTEs. • .. Mr. James Jordan' ... ... ... . altiours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. 4, te nce. 1 Sundays Ito 10 am. Box closes at 5-40 P.m • Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to I NT 8 P.m.. and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. • Is olle9 Order and Sayings Bank Business 9 am. to 6 p.m. . ~, 4110 EL POsm. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, Tn.. 745 p.m., and 8 p.m. , —`l7Xll DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m .....„,_ LIST OF DESPATCHES. Shewi ..—plit the time to which a letter can be posted with fardi- --"rY Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Ordimu'y 1 , ..........Postaise I _ 6-0 a.m. .. 11 ' 6-10

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Olmskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge. Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Heleias, Southport, arid South Wales ... Aslaton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

I- LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 1.4 PARADE, healthiest part. centre of Bay. Rome com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Alec Winter week end. terms 158.—E. BAYER, Proprietor.

OUTHOORT. SUNNYSIDB HYDRO-Phys., Dr. BARNARDO, Summer and Winter Res,denfie, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete With every comfort fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Tirkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer Terms from 7s. per day. J. BOOCOCR, Proprietor.

['WARMING SUMMER RESORT. HESWALL, CHK- kJ IRE (near West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, .ea and moun- tain views, good shore, most delicious and bracing air. Write for prospeetui, "Glendower" BOARDING HOUSE, Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends Ss. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

T LA/WI:MED.—WEST EID BOAILDING ESTABLISH- IA MEET; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness. gond management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charming situation; view of bays, close to beach. pavilion, pier, golf links ; liberal table; fine dining, drawing, ladles', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JEPIICOTT, pro- prietor.

LORDOIN. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT.-29. Bath et.. near Pier and Promenade, Comfortable APARTMENTS, terms moderate,—Mrs. WINNILL.

-DLACKPOOL.—NIisa A. MATCH EWMAN. 24, Adelaide- I/ street. near Central Station. Public and Private apart- ments.

DOUGLA.S.—MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trains peas—Terms: Full board, 6s. per day; Tea, Bed and Breakfast, 3s. 6d.; Beds 2s. per night.

D RUSSELS.—BoaI d, Residence, and advantage of learn- t) ing French, splendid and large house', best situation, 30s per week.—Mdme. DEAPIEB, 87, Avenue Tolson d'Or. BLACK1"00 L.—Mrs. CATLOW, 59, Chapel-st. Public and and Private Apartments ; terms moderate ; home comforts ; three minutes walk from t entral Station and sea. -EPS LACRPOOL.—Mrs ICENTON, 26, Talbot-square; com- fortable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartments private or otherwise strictly Moderate; sea view.

DENMAENMAWR. Desirable well-furnished HOUSE, 1_ two sitting, six bed rooms. bath, garden ; from let October, rent moderate.—W. E. BnowN, 3, Newgate-street, Chester.

6/1 Castle-street. Beaumaris.—A comfortable SITTING V 110031 and Double-bedded ROM to be Let for Sep- tember; sea view; low charge; or could take one person. —Apply J. HUGHES.

I)OUGLAS.—Delamere House, No. 1, Empress Drive. Public and private Apartments. •elth or without board. All bedrooms facing sea. Trams pass from landing pier.—J. B. HOUGH, Proprietor.

BLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find comfortable APART- MENTS, with or without board at Mrs. (OWEN'S, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

DOUGLAS.—SEA VIEW BOARDING HOUSE, 7, Wood; vine Terrace, Victoria-road. Broadway, centrally altu- otv4. commanding full view of bay and headlands; terms, ladies. 4s. ; gents, 51. per day, inc usive.—Mai. WRIGLEY.

DOUGLAS. MRS. CHALMERS and Mrs. LITSuARD, York HOUSE, Castle Drive. facing Castle Mona Hotel. SUlen 'id Sea View. Trams pace the door every few minutes. Private sitting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

ORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CUItED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Homes suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troker: knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CUBED in a few honrs by bathing the parts affected with Coudy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rube off. Prices, oz. is. ; 20 oz , 2s. of all Chemists. VETE K RINAItY 800 free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs. &e. from CONDY'S Ftutn V., OEMS, 61. Turnmilt-street. London.E .C.

EADE s.Gr OUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS --- SUFFEZIED AGONY FOit THIRTY YEARS. EADE'S plus. "30, Randall Street. Brirlio Rand. Battersea, S W., January 27,1892. EADE'S pILLS. •• Dear Sir,— I fee! it my duty to write ami :live you great praise ADE'S pus. for introducil.4 ouch a valuable medicine as your Gout Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never hid anything to relieve my pln so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed tor two or tire months at a time, but now I not only get re- el OUT lief in a fmy hours but am able to get to work in less RHEU,LATISM thin a week. My complaint is the v.orst 00 WI Gouts. calk r Yours IiOUT trey, •• W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. lade. EADEs GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by Goorge Bade, 72, GOS NELL-ROAD, LONDON •, and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid.. and Is. Ott. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS •

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MBDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDICiESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBI L lOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the Irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, corrett the morbid con.lition o the LIVER rellev, the systemol ad impurities, wnich, tv Piroulating In theblood, injuriously affect the action of the KiDNEYSi and, by removing the causes at so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. JADE'S ANTIBILIOLTS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes. Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or tusiled loree 011 r.odut of remittance by GEOtOR SA DH /2, GOSWELL-HOAD, LONDON. E.C. EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

1.-PARVEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flnvour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a pO3l ion to off,!.r th.m at the exceedinirly tow price of 18s. pr 100 or samples can be had at 5 for is. iIIt SMOKERIRS. 53, HORSEMARKET-ST., AND YD OLD FOX INN, IIUTTERNIARKBT-STRBET, WAIMINGTON. J. BESWICK, Proprietor.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBIIOKBL, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Detcription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. y ADY'S Gold Keyless Geneva Payments taken. 1.4 WATCH, enamelled and tinted dial, nearly new, jewelled in two pair extra, cost when new 4 guineas. 45 my price only S. -VERY Handsome Pair of China Payments taken. V FIGURES, under shades stand- ing 16 inches high, very quaint de- 9 11 sign. hand-painted. Price to clear S. D.

I ADY'S Diamond and Ruby Payments taken. _LI Dress RING, Government Hall marked, 9ct. shank, cost new 425., our price 14s. 6d.; also another very pretty Pearl RING, Government Hall marked, 15ct. thank and five very pretty Oriental Pearls of first- 21 class quality. Cheapest in Town for s. DAIR of Grand SE/I.BCaPES, In Payments taken. L massive English gilt frames, well worth 355.. suitable for rott,age or mansion, on lyjust out. Will take for Pair 12s. 6D.

DALE of Antique Bronze JUGS, Payments taken. 1. grand opportunity as they are well worth twice the money we are now atking. Greatly reduced New only Price 1178. 61). SM ALL Walnut Drawing-room Payments taken. TABLE, very prettily inlaid with various woo*: must be sold, price only Bs. 11dt ; also Bamboo Music LABINBT, slightly soiled. To clear BS. 1 10. ANDSOME Walnut OVER- Payments taken. JA MAN BL, 51 by 50in.,canopy top, brackets for ornament,, brie- brae, &c., best British silvered plate glass with bevelled edges ; cheapest Overrnantel in town, suitable for anyone desirous of a thoroughly 22 17 good article. Price only S. OD.

TO be disposed of art Old Established LOAN BUSINBSS. Apply THOMAS LATIMER, 29. Rendrick-at., War- rington. BRABs PLATBS, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates Seo.—CHABLES. R. HALL, 53 Paradtse-at., Liverpool.

001 INS ! CORNS! I CORNS ! !I—A guarantee cure for A.J Corns. has cured advertiser. The recipe is. 6d. postal order and stsmped directed envelope.—L. HALL, Balderton, Newark. Notts.

el ROBERT BUSINESS for Disposal at Diggle, lock-up kir corrugated iron shop, 40 feet by 18 feet, to Sell with renewsbl. lease, at low rent.—Apply to P. Joarrsoit,Marsdin, near Huddersfield.

VARTHENWARR and CHlNA.—Seconds, £2 crates ; 111 hest. £3 ; or will rend 15 dozen seconds articles for 173. 64.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

O N SALN 2 000 tons wrought. E t eel and cast, scrap, turn- ings. boiler plates, marine cranks, cold blast castings, steam boilers, tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.— Apply D. HOULT, Worksop, Notts.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Calicoes. Prints Stuffs, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirting'', 10Ib bundles, cheap. Price lists free.—W. CLARKSON, Feat Mar chant, Swaine-st., Bradford, Yorkshire,

rIOLF CLUBS. Golf Balls. A pronounced success. Best kfi materials. workmanship, and .asie.t terms. sales in- crensed four-fold i six months. Balls 7s. per tioz. free.— WAGGOTT. Monne burgh.

910 Bit SOLD CHAP—Xxcellent milk round, present 1. owner had it 13 years. reeson for selling, retiring from business, for partieulars.—Apply WALTON Aocirtostalca. Market-street, Barlestown.

TO BE SOLD by PRIVATE TREATY, large Grocer's 1 Shop and Bakehouse attached, also three adjoining houses, situated at the top of Market-street, Earletdown.— Apply, ROBERT WHITFIFLD. Bariestown.

QIthENHOUSU FO SAL.—Within one minutes' walk R from Woodville Station. Cheshire Lines. 80 by 15ft., most modern construction with Patent Boiler and Pipes, also quantity of spare/ ipes and Glass —WILLIAM KNOX,Ainsciale, near Southport.

T OHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has OR BALE Dinner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. Ring-street West. Manchester.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every description, ideographs, etc. Further reducd .on in prices. Wholesal. Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and e.n.)ortation. Special attention to co !tan, and shipping orders. Full Particulars in New Pattern JOK just published (94 pages) cot, dining all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. MoRELL, .7 end 18, Great St, Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address Itabbitiv," London. Stock Libts end prices of glass monthly.free.

MADAME FRAIN'A FAMOUS FEMALE 1.4 The most powerful and effrctive on earth. For the most obstinate cases Will not injure the most delicAte. Price 7s. Cid. (Strongest Us bottle). Post free 6d. extra. II IMAL INSTITUT V., la. HACKNEY-ROAD, (tad: g Shoreditch C, urn). LONDON, N.H. Send at mice stampe I directed en yelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lO3 for tiivery testimonial that is not genuine, and they can be seen at any time.

-35 Rl:rriN;V?ilig.."E T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English 1..-ver can be made for the price, but T. 13. CARDWELL has succeeded in producine an English Lever, 358. The 355. INGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years can be had at I,JARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. HalLonarised 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from ET 10s.

J• W. T EMPERLEY MUSIC SEL BR, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD . RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. AU kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestras Band and Pianists. pusvos on MEE and on HIRE-PURCHASE. OWEN'S GREAT SALE OF MAN UPACTURRICS STOCK OF BASSIN ETT ES AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN MAUL k 'ARTS THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. OWEN'S EMPORIUNI, 80. DEANSGATII, NIANCHESThE

(AN SALE, GOOD VERTICAL ENGINE (4h.-p.) and kl boiler in workinir order. No reasonable offer refined. —Apply Ex miner Office, Runcorn.

OLIVE% BROWN, HOWIL, AND CO., CHESTERFIELD Engineers. Machinery Brokers, Colliery Plant and Stone Working Machinery a speciality. Engines, Boilers, Tanks. Stone Breakers, Mortar Mills, Steam Hammers alway In stock. All enquiries carefully attended to.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Huime, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue 01 wheel and pulley patterns on appll- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TENT OFF ICP MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledgeof the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E.. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. MILL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT At,BESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING. BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS, SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only he &stained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors In the .N orthern Counties F. R. P U T Z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CUR'PHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES,. &o. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Blanchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

P BC% ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINB BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOEIOTIFES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR HOLIDAY SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR WORKING SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANC rIESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS FOR BEST WEAR. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT Fon BLACK SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS READY MADE. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS TO MEASURE. IHE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOI FOR YOUTHS' SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BOYS' SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF T 1: E TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTIIING DEPOT, FOR THE LARGEST STOCK THE TALK OF THE. TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING: DEPOT FOR THE GREATEST VARIETY. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTIIING DEPOT FOU SAILOR SUITS FROM 2/11 THE TALK OF THE TOWN, ' MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR MEN'S OVERCOATS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR YOUTHS' OVERCOATS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT Fos &Ts OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING Dtwor. 8, AND 10 HORSEM ARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

10. 55. • ROBERT LOIVE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, } Warrington. AUCTION MOriera—No. I Rank Street AGENT ro—ffun Fire and Life Office, London, It/stabil 1710. Norwich and Lundon (Aceident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1850. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Roilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS COW D E LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONBER AND VALVIEB. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD ChArPERS. SALEROOM:— 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

tirprlo, tagOtnettrO, earrtages, F AJIMBR'S 'eAiti-,-with-hTervest gearing ; just thoroughly repaired.--SPANN, Friars'-green, Warrington.

HOOPER AND SI DIM ONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus . Victories, Wagonettes. and Phwtons. now for Sale or Hire.

pYCLES good, light and strong, the famous Humber Synyer and Co. Light roadster, fitt ed with Gregson Detachable and Nonslipp ng Pneumatic tyre, which is he best and strongest Pneumatic tyre in the market', fitted with Dunlop rims, weights! machines all on 241bs, price £ll ; with Dunlop tyres, £l2. Good Machines, tangent spokes. and all latest improverntnts. weight 281b5., price £7 ; Old Cushion converted to Pneumatic at £2 ss. per machine at 3AMEB GREGSON. Newtown Mill, near Ashbury Station, West Gorton. ManchPster. P.. —Cushions, Solids, and Perambulator tyres always on Stock.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! GREAT CLEARANCE. A small line of leading Coventry makes, fitted, with all the latest patterns. PNEUMATIC TYRES at Buyers' own prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret it for the rest of your d ,vs. SLADE, THE PIONEER, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W P. & W* SKELTON', LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, • HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they are light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for "West's" ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 28Ibs. weight, price 211 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 les. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from Is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d. each. „ Mtn) GUARDS from Is. 2d. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each. „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 40. each. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. 'We P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

EPPS'S GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. C 0 C 0 A BREAKFAST-SUPPER. BOILING WATER OR MILK.

THE RAPID WASHER S 0 A P WASHER II WAS El ER SOAP. SOAP. A RAPID WASHER WASHER SOAP. SOAP. JOSEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS, FLEMING, REID, AND CO, SPINNERS AND MANUFACTUREEN, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCE'e Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY Sroggi4 AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY' ana SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods ar! well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FE". Over 70 Braucher, In the Principal Scotch and English rOwi's.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, Prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all wb9,, wit 017, from BIL/OUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTIO. or SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSIoN, IRRITABILITY. . APPETITE, DySPEESIA, HEARTBURN. GIDDINESS, AC. - DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, n equal' ' as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE AsVe lomeett• % being mild in their operation and grateful to the They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different? ta causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and '-"nostog resume their activity, thue restoring the appetite, Pr° . • ....' digestion and strengtheniog the whole system. . DR, SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at band by alf Heads of households. to. under to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of tt hh ee i r charge Stomach, Libvyer n Bw Paying abuten,tite.,nmtoantyhe regular alc''''ess i 4 , avoided or mitigated. P 4 Tne Genuine are wrapped in a squarea gal:yean: 11171:e.kdeyP bearing the name of the proptietor, W. LAMIIHRA'. mo..r Place, London. W. By post for 24 or 34

_ NOTICE TO CONTRIBLTTORS AND COBB 1 ES— DENTS. r news An letters to the Editor and contributions 0, - should be written on one side of the paper onlY• air The name and address of correspondents must t as A cases be given, not necessarily for publication bu guarantee of good faith. f r the *** We do not bold ourselves responsible ° re 'ch opinions expressed in letters to the Editor. understood to embody only the SIIPW of

ItAILW AY. TIN' "' N PLE 1h 1... .) " I ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OF A CORPORA- SEPTEMBER TION EMPLOYEE. FROM WARRINuTCN TO On Friday, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, 1,244480 n, ~, Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 53, 2 35, 51.5 355 before Alderman Wright and Mr. J. H. Fleming, James Sundays 10 15 a.m totitnaa rnand Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 6 • Evans, 76, Longford-st., a middle-aged man who looked ,taye 936, 25, 8 50. a Stops if required. very ill, was ch irged with attempting to commit suicide 8 IT. ilara U. .3, N -W.P.30.03 23 7 10,9 50. 12 0, 1 50.3 11, by cutting his throat, on the 3rd August, in a dwelling- 135. Sundays 30.3 23,10 16, 4 21, 11 35. a Moo- house. 91V. *Mondays excepted. The Chief Constable stated that the defendant, James 55.1nctintham iMidland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0. Evans, was 43 years of age, and a single man, and had .„2. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. 4 s'ctie. burn-237, 5 20, 5 45, 8 33, 955, 12 25, 2 40, 3 48, been in the employ of the Corporation at the Gas Work 4,1514, 847 102. Sundays 843. 60. for 17 years. He lodged with a Mrs. Irwin and her hus- -3 Blackpool-5 20, 545, 835, 9 ssg,rford-st. On the whole he had been a it a 48, 4 43, 6 14, I 17, 847 102. Sundays 2 37, 843 6 0. sober man,but at the election time he got on the "spree" 1 411 hou-2 5,t45,8 t) ,9 19 too, i 0 0.12 14 12 25,2 40,3 20, and had been drinking more or less ever since. He had 02_4 21,8 259 18 dun lays 70, 8 43 a.m., 50.6 0,8 58,p.m. had a two weeks' spell of nothing else. On the 2nd of 23711155-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 240, 3 46. Sundays the present m mth he went to his lodgings partly sober. Cheat 7 422 40,2 5b 30,3 20 When he became somewhat better his landlady gave him 30a, 7 42.9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 2 , .64,7 42. 10 11, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26. a.m. 7 a serious talking to. He went out and the same night 1 45, (C, . a Monde., a and Saturdays only. bArpiey. about eleven o'clock he returned and went to bed. Next 6 0,,a11e °teen-7 10. 8 20. 105, 12 7, 1 15, 330, 3 48, 55, morning he did not get up, and at 12.30 on Szturday ,Z• 48, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 8 43, 60. Mrs.lrwin went up with some food, and finding the door ot,evre-a3 0, 2323, 7 10, 828, 950. 10 45, 12 0, 150, shut burst it open and found the defendant on the bed 11.9,.a1, 5 15, 72j, 11 35. Sundays 30. 323. 10 15, 4 23, bleeding very profusely from the throat. On a table 13onday 5 excepted. Mondays only, near there was a razor be-smeared with blood. Mrs. 13„„7_eiliDury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 2 3.1. 3 20, 3 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 ''°4Ys 8 44, 745 p.m Irwin's daughter, Beatrice, took away the razor and Derb- ,x. , afterwards handed it over to the police. An alarm was tr. Yl• hiland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 ‘..0, 50, 11 53, . ._"daYs 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m• raised, and P.C. Clough went in and afterwarde pro- -4 5.7 10,8 25,8 35,10 5, 10 43,12 7, 12 25. 115 cured Dr.Nuttall's assistance. The wound was bandaged 5 35, 623 7 8 925 10 10. Sundays,7 40,8 35, 843. s up and defendant taken to the Infirmary. Since then he ° 7 47,9 4' ' ' * 55tditidanburgh-2 5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15 40, bad expressed great contrition and promised to reform. The magistrates dismissed him with a caution. 96 % 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m , I,Vadler's Ferry & ?milt, th-7 38, 8 25, 943, 11 53, 2 5,4! 551 ea 2,6 17, 80. 9 48. Sundays 1 48, 2 40, 7 50. WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF vrodli 740 .. n 5-7 42, 9b. 10 23. 12 15, 2 30, 3 20. 4 22, 5 11, 64, 4, Lao 14. Sundays 544 a.m.. 745 p.m. WARRINGTON. 15:ir ton (Chesil& Lines)-7 12. 756, 831, 95, 120, da,_ 410. 40, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- ----- eX 9 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays Week ending 24th August,lB9s. ---4YL cSaturdays ex rrepted. During the week, which was the 34th of the kyr gclw---2 49. 520. 955, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, a sa. Lu 13. current year, the following births and deaths were aya 240, a.m. 9 45. uolborregistered :- 840 - ae-5 45,7 lv, 8 35, 10 40,12 35, 1 15, 3 8, 5 38, 7 17, Births. Deaths bAU 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. 6 67°Q gn ureen-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10.4 0 Warrington 31 26 50,1 70. 79, 80, 59 30, alo 20, Sunday Latchford 3 5 68atel "' 2 39, 11' ~ 918. aMondays and Saturdays only - - .c hiardays excepted. Total 34 31 Cadishead (Central)-? 0, 7 55, 8 16, 70, 915 The excess of births over deaths was 3. The death La Ys 56, 10 12.3 2,, 5 15, 935. rate from all causes was equal to 28.2 per 1,000, against 10 gr. rrford-Frorn Arpley Station-6 20, 722. 80,9 0. 9 58, 15-6 the average of the previous four weeks, and against n la 36,116 338. 411 5 18, 6 13. 78. a 7 45,P 13, ti -ndaYs abo . • 7•B the corresponding week of last year. The death- Li,„, . 3 8, 8 18. asaturdays only. 1235 'i1,,1001 (L. & N.-W.)--5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 835. 10 5, 12 7, rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 456;0'0'9455, 6207 8, 1020. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28. 10 per 1,000, against 21 the average rate of the four Li • 9415. From High Level Platform. previous weeks, and against Nil the corresponding week 1151e,rPool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,9 43,10 10, of 1894. The ages of mortality were- -4,....., '. 3 20, 5 12,6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 848, 2 40, 7 50, 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 650 971)(4 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 830, 7 12. 7 56, 8 31, 17 8 1 - 1 1 26 10: , 950, 124, 1030, 10 50, 11 50, 120. 1250. 1257. 6 50,i (,41.„1 53, 2 10, 253,3 8. 337, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 550, 6 18, _.„, - - - aLuxia - , 5C._ aU, 8 50,9 ri, 9 20, 10 15 10 46. alllo, 11 39 28 435,5 30, 90, 945, 9 55. 11 25. 220, 2 39, 7 10, 830, The deaths included-11 from diarhcea, 1 from old 18, 1033. aßxcept Mondays. age, 6 from lung disease, 4 from brain disease. 682 go,a (L.& x.-vv.)-a3 0, 8323, 735. 950, 1045. 120 The following cases of infectious disease have been 3104,1"'' 88. 5 15,6 30, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 420, 11 35 reported during the week :-Scarlet fever, 5 cases, /4, 4941 excepted &Mondays only. Ital ncl°ll (Midland)-6 14, 9 59. 11 39, 1255, 320, 50, 11 53- enteric fever, 1 case. 1 i aaYe Ly 145 a.m., 425 p.ns. Total number of patients n hospital on August 24-21. 4'll 410'‘ -6 20. 7 22, 80. 9u, 9 58, 1049, 12 36, 1 16, 3 38. METEOROLOGY.-The mean temperature was 63.4 Fah., e6ki,,'„,t3.5 40c 613.76. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850.38. 8 18. and therefore 42 degrees higher than the preceding TbAC4'IY, only. cFrem Arpley Station. cWednesdaYs and week. The maximum temperature 85 F., was recorded ,wrsdays excepted, on the 19th inst., and the naimimum temperature 45 F., 8 .57n4r_nester (L. a N.-W.)-2 45, 8,25, 9_19, 10 40, 12 14, on the 24th inst. 60,14419 i 4 21, 68, 7 17, 811,9 18. holiday s 245,7 40. ean , .. 1ia,,„,... 2 5,, From High Level Plattorm. The Rainfall measured •14 inch. The general direc- t 20-7,T,eater (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 tion was S.W., the reading of the Anemometer denoting Btre-,L,“ °, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 49, 6 10, 75.9 10, 1140. 895 miles. 17.-`4.Y4 8 46. 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. JOHN H. GORNALL, 1 -, a eanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 13, 8 55, 90, 50'7 tr,,55, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 455,555 Ith;ch:' l 51. 5 12, 8 55, 915.9 01, alo 0, allls. 1150, 11 57a. zo, Zs 8 56, 9 37, 1012. 38. 3 2r, 515, 718, 855, 922, 'a., .' 35.. 100. aiatur,lays only. r Vadlewich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35,5 35, 7 20. f ''''''re--7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Ile 400 WWII-le-Willows-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, ' Ivo 10 40, 12 14, 1225. 1 153 20, 3 48, 421, 5 35, 6 25, 0411,9 18, 1.0 10, 6undave 2 45,7 40. 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 50, , '_(..47, 858, 945. aMondays only, iB7l(ate-7 0, 755,8 16,6 47,10 27. 11 0, 1227.1 44,2 17,3 55, ' 1,1,‘ 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 856. 1.0 12, 350, 515,9 35. 19 °OOll-2 37. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35 a.,, ~,2 40, 3 48, 445, 5 3 , 614, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 5.. ,2.. IS 43, 335, 6 v 9 45. aSaturdays only. Erncorn-7 38, 8 25, 943. 11 53, 25, 320, 512, 617, 80 Medical Officer of Health. 41. 2 I(!ii.nlrev (for Penketh)-7 53, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 58, 40, 5 29. a 6 J, 70,80, a 9 30, 610 20,1046. Sun ' 44: 0, 1125, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' , T44,4:15e1d (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line 1055, 1427. 158, 46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, Helens-5 25, 7 10,8 2r,8 35,105, 1040. 127 1 15, 330, ~ :, 65, 6 20, 7 8.9 :5, 1020. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60,945 vfluthuort (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, d 31, a 9 33, 11 15, ,4. 3).5, 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10„ Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, sr„;nbrdays only. It° lwall-u 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11, to, 613. 78. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- °nly. From Arpley Station. 10114 (Chebhire Lines) -715, 8 31,9 5,10 5,11 0,12 0,1 5, 91, 40, 5 29, a 0,7 0, 80, 9 10, a 9 30, 810 21. Sun- "' . 9 30. 2 39. 9 13, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays . Whines A 20, ha, is , , N.-IV-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 1010, 11 53,2 5 'Wi .. "'( L. 74 '' 80, 948. Sundays, 348, 4 40, 7 50. • '5 g 0 2 37, 5 23, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 1140, 12 25, 1 15. .I 0, 6°40. 3 48,4 45, 535. 6 14, 8 47. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays "3. 3 35, 60,9 45 aSalurdays only.

ES TABLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BANK. southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. Lotichal. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEIiIISI' allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lO.l. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purenased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smalisum deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £ BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE um TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. the BIREBECK ALMANACE, with full particulars. post ire FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT, Manager

, ' r reNasOpßbuTetilN'S ai being onWeolATilliino OeMarluLlTEy PI I .NOL SITE tRo t.: , I as a Remedy for INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, it . - .b SICK BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, and LIVER ill ,%"' • COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. ' ji tiIIoRTONI . Stlttli 14)6PILLS Mild in in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold in Bottles at is. ilsf., 9.e. Id., and its. each, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ash for "Norton's Camomile rillsf and do not be persuaded to _purchase an imitation. .. rroyarod by NORTON'S LTD.. 91 Oita SQUAT% London, E.,* , •

e•••• •••• • •• ..... 816 • • • • •• • • mum •1.1.; • : pricyrlVSo7"24,,Zer •• • • • ZIA 1/1 $ .•i :6 ^ • • . \4 . a ..4? f,\ • • •rx__•%...... .f.L, , (14 , • . a u.nz 1n.:144:24 Um. ka 1 tq1.1""f4.,. , c 4" -i, t', .!'. . w0,..441„L. rcinlz . Tof fleadat4ll- *4, ,• A '4. Da a yuonadd,haf untubl)egt 'Eq. t-v: (:A Ccratuakfra2•6, Yal-to im. kia Zack. ' V 4 ' e 903 ad 46.6.../1.36.mdt..9 Rebut-CA(O R.t... .3tabiar_Uuw. boufskA.q a ao-r. . e. • II I Sole Agents J. II . W IiSTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, L. lIRLENS.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT coge STEPHENSON FINGER MARK. # FURNITURE CREAM. , r ••=•-!. , I Sold by Chemists Grocers, and Ironmongers. SIIPHENSON BROS.. Bole Proprietors, BRADFORD. 0 NE BOX OF CLAREES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and PRIM in the back. Gearanteed flee from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hroughout the World ;Or sent to any address for sixty stem; s y the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG Com Party, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & BONit London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

KAyE,s woRsDELLs BEST FAMILY MEDICINE PIIALS They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild bat effectual Aperient are unequalled, and beyond this they brace up the nerves and sec every orga n in healthy action, thus ensuring complete restoration to perfect health. They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CC NSTIPA- TION,BILIOUSNESS, HE ADACEIE, DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY COMPLAINTS. FOR LADIES OF ALL AGES THEY ARE INVALUABLE. Of all Chemists, Is. lid., 2s. 91. and 4s. 61.. per box.

THE Norcombe Smasher is not a toy ; itis the most power- ful and eheanest hand implement in the market for making crushed oystershell and sharp or rough grit by a little labour. It is alto invaluable for sma‘hing b. nes for Aga bottomings for plants, soups, sto..k, au. Note, a labourer broke 2cwt. for 2s. 6d. Mr uook, one of the largest poultry breeders, says: " I have visited 2.100 poultry yards, and one of the principal draw. backs to winter egg production is the want of sharp grit." '' I have shown the owners the cause of liver disease was usually the lack of sharp grit." Price. post free, 35. 6d.— , EDMUND NORCOMBE, 3C.7o,tiranby-st., Liverpool.

TRU iirrrir," NOTSELESS-Otft; 25/- 301. • Sias and ban, guarintendes tilltunwst rSb y‘rds. MOTE.—This gun ts our patent and the gamma we& ran ebb, is obtained from us. Worthless Imitations made abroad, as advertised under Sallow names by petty dealers In Folkestone. ere can sepply at Ws. I& °slalom, of far•lrilltng sporting guns and tasttmonisis. together alto 114 Of mer 500 Genuine second-hand IBreecteloaders post free. from CUFF LYN &Co.. Far-Killing Gun Makers, Volkegrons. CAUTION.—No oast Arm in Folkestone rnakellak an,. VW*

THE IRISH DISAGREEMENTS. MR. JUSTIN McCARTHY SPEAKS OUT. The "Freeman's Journal" published on Monday a strongly worded manifesto addressed by Mr. Justin McCarthy to the electors of South Kerry. The nomina- tion of Mr. William Murphy in opposition to Mr. T. G. Farrell brought, ha said, the whole people of Ireland face to face with a momentous issue. That issue was whether a party bound by its pledge to discipline and to unity was to perish or to be maintained. For three years there had been an incessant campaign against the unity of the Irish party. Every effort had been made to des- troy the national movement both in Ireland and America. "Every loyal supporter of party unity has been assailed," the manifesto continues, " by charges as foul as heinous as have appeared in the columns of the "Times when it was under the inspiration of Pigott. Finally, the campaign reached its climax when, in the middle of the general election, Mr. Healy uttered at Omagh the baseless falsehood that I and the Committ,e of the party had sold Nationalist seats for English gold. This is a state of things which car.not go on. It would be impossible for any man or body of men successfully to carry on a movement if such disloyalty were tolerated, and unless the Irish people declare in unmistakable lan- guage their resolve te put down this new faction a united party cannot be mentioned."

ADDLERY:HARNESS;j3E:c. For HOME, CCOODMI, %ncl other Markets.—CAl HARNESS, complete set,l3 6s. 6d.; GIG HARNESS, full size, £3 35.; Cob size,S3 e6s., Pony size, X 2 10S.; Dorragv HARNESS, LI 110 a. HEAVY CART HARNESS, Ell t3s. 6d ; DCMi•hOgSkill RIDING SADDLES, complete, Li 53. All EMU OD approval. Illustrated pia lists post fres, as application to JARUIME, Nottingham.

FOUND DEAD. POTSON FOR KILLING RATS. Thiusands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he b-st yoiAon known, as they find a lot of rats dead by usMe it. Post Free. Is. 2d., 2s. 31. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles on land.

THE GREAT REMEDY. T Pr ' " cl,e7r +V k ,u4S, `4lad Tr r (74 AL —le 16A FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO . The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved, Sure, Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. /Id. and 2s, pd. per box.

TIIE CURE OF NERVOUS DEBILITY The Press, 'he Pnblie and the Profession have unani- mously pronounced PROF. LE BLANC'S MEGNAMICAL CONTRIVANCE for the Cure 111 r Nervous Dehility, Spermatorrhma, Ex- hausted Vitality, Premature Decay, Eidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases of every form, and all kindred complaints, A TRIUMPH OP INGENUITY. By removing the cause, it entirely eradicates the •et of past indulgence, at the same time preventmg a recut rence or continuance thereof. Particulars of this MARVELof NINETEENTH CENTURY SCIENCE can be obtained, post free, of the proprietor; DENBY DAVIS, COPFORD LODGE, CUICUE.STER PLACE, BRIGHTON, SUSSEX. Name this paper.

Steam Engines, Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Write for quotation; statinq details of requirements, E.S.HINDLEY,Is,QueenVictoriaSt.,LONDON, Ei or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

TO WE xX .I)IF.N. silffering from the effects ot Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel, Pains in the Back, Diseases, Bsc. We will send valuable Treatise (sealed), containitw full particular for home cure. Free of c .arge. A spleniid Medical Work should he rev' by every mart who is nervoui and debilitated —Address l‘fessr3. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. histablished 1831 Advice Free. WILICDNON'd SYSOIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the case Can be obtained direct.

".7.40 -e.,•:47, . II 1 lic,,,v, ~,,,,t1ii,,,1,. P;'l, 1,1111111 h,, ; ko., 04 'l,llllli I],,L . ,_ , IP' Z ' IEI '''' 11151.,.. „T- .:'="--.i ' , , - F.77--__`:

SMOKER'S COMPANION A Combined SELF - MOM. POCK RP STAIP, MATCH BO) and CIGAR CUTTER (best Wake silver. A USE YUL Nove`ty. Enormous Sale. Prlees including Box, Ink a t Brush, o le line Stamp, 2s. 3cl. ; two lines 2s. 9d. ; three lines 3s. 3d. Post nee. A. J. BYROM. 5, CHURCH-STREET, GOLBORNE. A FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

OMIT GOLD MEDAL inv. RARR.7 KNITTER KNlTSfhcaingeribbeder pain GLOVES ~4 CLOTHING In f WOOL, SILK, or COTTON. INSTRUG. TIONS FREE. Lit, free per post. , TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. Tbo only WINNER In the WORLD a 7 GOLD MEDALS andl9 other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINED°. Ltd. Works; 48, Upper Brook St.. Manchester.

,'FATNESS • FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. ° Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are !I safe and plessant cure ; se.nt free from observation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. A marvellous means of reducing excessive , • fat and improving the complexion. "—E, - CAMERON. 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford Eitreet. London.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (interndl an external), Price 45. 6d, Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 9d. Only of HOPil, Operative Chemist, Oa Methuen).332, Deansga , Manchester. Advice free,

aFOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE 7 CLARKE'S I WORLD-FAMED

-BLOODI/11XTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects .re marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes theiause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9el. and Us. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED L I VgRPOOL. invite Inquiries and Reference to theit NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, h. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Raiisions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. • &e. HURDLES NETTING 4ND AND TREE GUARDS,IWIRE WORK, 0 .Dri'XittlT-T C)-11-7 5:3 BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Looking Joints ..ONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND Mardi! 1 or Sirlo Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post tree, sealed, two stamps ; invaluable infor- mation cf never-failing remedies for. all ILLL'STRATED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing.. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous Gu IDE. or dangetous drugs; cannot hurt the I meat delicate, MADAME A.E. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

, 1,.. i v-:...---,-/„4.,;',.... " .;-,,,--"--,. 7:7-":`,' ,Vitl;) '..,''' sltm.) .k'3,5 • ~,,,t,„,:/;.:'.:. .t.y., z.,: , .-` '.,,,'-''.• v ~... 0.,. .:4?c,-4), ,1' ' ' ,'; ,'' • _ ' . 11':'.14tlikir,%;',,*. ,-41. ''''l" 6 (// • ~,.,4,.:5,;; ..,mri-r. '_•, . ',A. ,',,,:',.;,,i4" ,',,) A 4.11: ~„ ''fgN.i.;ittth-„,4;,''v ::',,, ;;;;;',,,•,:.4,-4,_ -'4 ~ q ..!,•••••,--.c i tu ' 007111Nik • ELIdE ''.- : I fl.-: '• _ S 1-4 1 FEVERISH HEAT. . 4./ ,j j 1 rwmo l' lb. Cll+,4E:tons ttr ) `y, ) j , . 'T Preserve )".4. • Healthy StAte of Ow Fr dla. . ~,01 of TFETNIMC CUtttirrget 10 • ' t n., / 4NXIOn,H, .p..; Surror. ~ Please ObserVe the EE s , A! 1 N STEEDMAN , ,

.4.4 I 1 . _. , ThartrseuptienjoCreSßlJaiLmEmS 1 Six NTA t ?of jeC:tioanibas t'toluobeurbe or •,/ 48 hours the same diseases vrithout ineon- -41 , „„1 • Lelglitreear4/pO6 of t all C free.h e - 1D I WILCOX & Co., 289, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W ll ----Z"---, : . 11, "Ofirri - Sheffield workmen. " warrant

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. ECH LIU y"4-- r PILIIA4R FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SI:CH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 90., Is. 10., and 2s. 91. each, with full directions. The Is. Pid. Box PG_ 'ains 56 Pills. PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR THOMAS BEECRAM, St. lielens, Lancashire.

BEEcHArs TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-paid.

PIANO NomAiTNAL The LONDON AND LIVERPOOL PIANO. FORTE COMPANY, 30 and ya, Granby Street, LIVERPOOL, will send to any respectable house- holder in any part of the Kingdom, on payment of 10/6 per month, a HIGH-CLASS PIANO, with iron frame and all recent improvements, and will delivet same on payment of los. 6d. Twelve months' trial is allowed, and if necessary to exchange, all expenses are paid by the Company. The prices are from 20 guineas. As no other firm offers such liberal terms, intending buyer: are invited to write for further particulars and testimonials, to THE LONDON & LIVERPOOL PIANOFORTE CO., 30 and 32, Granby Street, LIVERPOOL. Afartager-- HENRY R. Jonas. Afortion th,s tater.

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. 1, ''',o' tk-•, .; • -.4°A; " ~.. v . ' . - .. .. 0 . e ' dia.,.. • ~• •,. -.k. ft '5.. :' ;i:, ‘z ,r .ew, . 4 W ASHES EV ERYT HING .

RULES FOR STARCIIING. A. most valuable little book for those who do th Starching at home. Post free for two stamps. CHANCELLOR 84 Co., LONDON, E.C,

- FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. ........•••,•••••,•,4,A.A..""4"`"'"64'646.1,

, RISING SUN STOVEvoLIsH. i ri Nizr c EASIEST, QUICKEST Q:ICTIST. BEST SLACKLEAD T'XE WORLD. 7 g 71 In Half the Time, with Half the 84 .s Labour, you can produce More V.E Peony Packets CHEAPEST ' " ,7:03 of Rising Sun than with Hall- o, ... Dozen of ordinary Machias& , R ISIN'SUN METALTAL :1 2 4 PO ..7:I GIVES TO ALL KINDS OF METALS A 51. BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH. 5 I , Bold in Ild., Bd. & 11- Bottles. No Nixing, 0 I No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. al 3 P ' CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER 4.1 6,3 4. There is no reparation of which we know coequal el . .. Its excellence. —ENQUIRE. WITHIN.-3d, per box. 2 1 MACK'S 21 DOUBLE co, ' STARCH 4, .CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTIONS g ' "7 CLOS BORAX , GUM 'WAX;.- & c.. & c 78.1 1.7:4 REQUIRES no addition or preparation. w ta4 SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. 0 ...... /17. k your Grocer to get them for you. , C. CHANCELLOR & Co.. LONDON, MC.

INTS FOR HOUSIOVIVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hints Poet tree one stamp. P. F. FRY, 58, Belleville Road, Wan itworth Common, LONDON, S.W.

BOWLS. BOWLS. 13°Wl`s. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. NOTICE. The noted jff old PTurn,r, SLATER ST"gT,,,,-theiortrilt DARLINGT°Iie STREET, begs to inform the public ihat he with any other h use, his only address bel°l4,sds out °- STREET. and invites insoection of his Bowls' —the ill°1" the best dark lignum vitee, foiloW - strictly made to GENERAL WOOD & IVORY TURN"' 12, 14, & 16, SLATER STREET. ONLY' LIVERPOOL ESTABLISHED 1820. A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE 88-- nt 0)4 RoMyarl. CcoOlLleLgleNoSf B(wurhgoeownass .3foEyneagrlasnaconawerniibi lotpardy: free of Charge. full PARTICULARS of a Old s,od vihieh during an extensive practice, both at hoTa-tos In the Colonies, he has never known to sed most OBSTINATE CAS ES of toB KUCTI''" fOr IRREGULARITIES. Send ad,aressed enveloP° full particulars, and waste no more time Ewa ..„ingjob. on useless Pills and solled Remedies, "rlle In the majority of cases, are noth;ng tllterp9l4- GATIVES. and cause SICKNESS, PROSTffeet• and PAIN, without having the desired Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, LiverPri 1,1 I (NO SMOKE, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO Or;suel. ROYLE'S Burning the New Smokeles too, I See the latest before you Purcf„as fro° 1 IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal an P4_ for bo STOVF,S.{ entirely superseded. A self •heating irouovo, I Thousands selling. Suopied on NV' SHOWNOOMS. dace) I 41. DEANSGATE (opposite tremors, PATENTS. I DALHAAI ENGINEERING W°,,tree I Great Bridgewater-stre,t, Oxford
