===== 0002601_18950420_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BQt. - rfsIGISTERRT) FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
1)Ott15.

1414bilDlinN 0. W SHINGTON HOTEL, BAST htt4,44IIADS, he—althiet part, centre of Bay. tiViirlle corn- ii littskoderate Charges. Fine Old Whisky. Week end. terms 155.—8. BAVSB. Proprietor.

bbipping flatus.

TO ALL PARTS OF THE l% 111, WORLD: „ JOHN WALKER AND Co., •• EXAMINER • OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ‘) On _ for FOR LINE F R NEW YORK every SATIJR- -1)41. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

_ 11% STAR LINE for NEW YORK eyory

414A-N7 putOitic-- LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW dlrect every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

WEDNESDAY.

I\ltVir 73, . I,6IZALA ND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN (1+4)4 landing passengers en route at Teneriffe °wn. and at Hobart. &o.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Monty.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
D R.. 1. CuLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE.

CHL6RODYE is admitted by the Profession to N be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered.

CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CIIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtberia,Pever,Croup, ACHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteriq Palpitation. and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- ‘,/ gia, Rheumatism, Gout CauCr, Toothache. Meningitis,

From Or. B, J. BOULTONId C.. BOMOAStie.

We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other'Sedatives ; that it leave no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the Colleoe of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the effect that Cholet a had been racing fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet, let December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWA LIE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS.

—CAUTION.— Vice Chancellor ;dr-W. PAGE Woo D stated that Dr. J. CoLLIs BhOWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNE " and that the ttory of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid • 2s 9d., and 41. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE " on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. , SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT 3.3, Russell-it.. Bloomsbury, London.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Publitationo.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1895.

eburatton.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the Irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the systein of all impurirdes, which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes af so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. •

EADE'S ANTIB I LIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boars, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on re° ipt of remittance by GIioRGE &Anil 72, OS WELL-ROAD, LONDON. HZ. EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
,ss -cr"

LORD

BROS., FOR

CP '

`-,,,'' -S t.'`'

.•-';' 1,.

BEST,

THE NEWEST,

AND

===== 0002601_18950420_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHEAPEST

IN THE TRADE,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE

===== 0002601_18950420_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ORP ORA TI ON OF MANCHESTER.

CONCENTRATED MANURE

Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement

from Pall Clogeto.

BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c, Delivered in bags, carriage

paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should lte given early the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from It• D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT,

Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester,

Mr. J. U. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. HAKIM Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

• Adi'Mawr.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE ONS PIiNNY

ROCH E'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
'OOPING COUGH

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

By Pew is. 7id per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per Artutatt Is. 9d. pr Quarter redit.

Sl,ltuAral insi.truirtentg.

------, CIAPITAL Tw,-mtnual Oita AV. new ; fine rich tone; ki splendid p:tc Pine case.—Al EX. YO.:Nla and Bone, organ builder?, hldon-ar-ee . vlanche-b-r,

QMITH, SONS, AND CONIPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD sTREINT, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE WM* MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST KIPS. COLLARD GORS KALLMANN BIWA D WOOD I BACH HOPKI SON 11 EC liS MIN, &a. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 ear's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ohp AN: from ss. moilthly, tin paid for. Delivered tree in Warringt and Di triet on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel.

PIAN() SALE •T . PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST., ARO- WICK, MANC/IRsThR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass St mi grand, by Broad wood £2 15 Full-compass Roe...wood Iron-frame Piano, by Stud lart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-t rame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full compass Iron-fratue Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compa.,s Iron-frame Cot tage,by Yates, eheck-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Po' tage by Collar:I & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. y Pro td wood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ. 9 sets. 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 16 Piano & Organ combined. a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Plano Orchestrkm, ..elf-acting, with music cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Bri•igeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

WILLIAM SHAW, JUNR., " EXAMINER OFFICE." WATERLOO BUILDINGS, TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMEZ:T DEALER, STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR RUSH WORTH'S LIVERPOOL, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLAsNOW. SPECIAL ACCORDhONS, 0 RGANETTES, I,IOUTH ORGANS, ETC. All the Best Quality Instruments at Lowest Prices. Repair. of Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment System.

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHNO D POT,

8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET,

Hare pleasure in submitting their New Designs. with Price List fur the Season.

THE READY-MADE Da PARTMENTS Are exclusively stocked with high class productious, equal to measure gooi, a, in the Newest Patterns, Cut and Style, alt made on tiler own premises.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN'S AND YOUTHS'

Are distinctly superior, and possess special features not previously introduced.

jUVNNILE STYLES

Have greatly benefited by the close attention neoessary th the eucevss of tii d.'prtseut, a,14 the standard of excellence—unsurpassed in the district—is still niaiutsined.

The " give keen observance to detail. Every requirement end change of Fa.liton is well anticipated. A painstaking selection of m aerials from 113,-ir vast ranges, and personal supervision of workmAnship, in no small degree e,untrinute to the popular opinion that

THE " M C.D." IS THE BEST ANT) CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TOWN FOR MEN'S, YOUTHS' AND-

BOYS CLOTHING.

THE ()RDER DEPARTMENT. At the M,C.D. is one of the Best and foremos, in the- tosen.a po-ition which has been gained I y Pounti The M.C.D ranges of Woollens con e, sele;:lon only cf the very best and mo:n not,d makes in SCOTCII, WEST OF ENGLAND, YORKSHIRS, AND DaSil WOOLLENS, In all the Newest Patterns and Colonring.

MEN'S SUITS, TO MEASURE, 335. 6D., 395. 6D,

495. 61.

MEN'S COATS AND VESTS TO MEASURE,.

235. 6D., 275. 6D., 355. 6D.

MEN'S TROUSERS TO M EASURE, ICk., 125.,

14s. 6D.

STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED.

PRA CT I C AeL CUTTERS AND

SKILLED WO EMPLOYED.

E: MANCH ESTER CLOTB ENG DEPOT,

8, AND 10

HORSEMARKET STREET, WA.IIIIINGTON.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS PLMAIII

Mr. COLLINS (who was 33 years a membrr of the 1t0.% al College ni Surgeons of Pin,land) will to: wArd, free of Charge, full PAIITIOULARS of a REMEDY, whi h during an extensive practice, both at hum not In the Colonies, he bar never known to tail it the most OUSIINATR CA,;RS of CCTION and IRHRGUI.ARITINS. Send adoressed envtlope for full particulars, and wate no more time and money on useless Pills and so ealled RemeOles, ac., which, In the majority o cases. are noth ng but PUH- GATIVVS, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed:

D. COLLINS, °ale House, 9, Erskine Street,

Liverpool

--.'""'tqtawt;

I.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPH&

"I AM speaking," said a long-winded orator, "for the benefit of posterity." "Yes," said one of his hearers, "and if you keep on much longer your audience will be here." PAPA: "What did you think of the great bicycle race?" Little Son: "Didn't think much of it." "Everybody said it was wonderful." "I didn't see nothin' wonderful 'bout it. The one that winned couldn't help winning. He leaned over so far forward that he had to go like lightning to keep from fallin' on his nose."

Jesx ms KIND.—" We are getting up a concert for the benefit of the church. Won't you take a ticket?" Mrs. Sharpe: "My husband refuses to go to any place where there is to be music." "How lucky! This is just the kind of an enter- tainment he will enjoy." SIGNIFIcaNT.—First boy: "You're 'fraicl to fight, that's what." Second boy: "No, I ain't; but if I fight you, my mother'll lick me." " How will she find it out, eh?" "She'll see the doctor

goin' to your house." ees, however," said the distinguished foreigner, as he concluded his story, "simply a matter of hearsaid." "You mean hearsay, of

- course, count?" "Ah ; but zis was told me SOMe

time ago !" "WHY, Clara, you look radiant. What has happened?" "I've just received an invitation to a wedding." "Well, there's nothing particular in that to go into raptures over." Ali! but it I.3.ppens to be my own." "You ought to name your dog gossip," said George to Maud's father; "I judge from an experience I had with him last night, that he is a good deal of a backbiter." OLD LADY: "Where is your husband, Mrs. De Long ? " Mrs. Pe Loud: "lie couldn't come •he has the rheumAtism all over him." Old Lady: "Goodness me ! and he's over six feet high !"

BRossoN "Does your baby talk yet Squit• dig : " Yes; but you can't understand a word he says." Bronson : " Well, he will do nicely for a porter at a railway station." UNSELFTSIL—Fritz has come home too late and is having a taste of the rod. Fritz : "Oh ! Pal Pa! don't over exert yourself; there's Oscar and Hugo still to come !" SC,'OBJELL "I don't know what to do with my boy. He has St. Vitus's dance. His contortions are frightful." Yaggers : " Make'a great pianist of him, and it will pass for eccentricity." "How is i!," asked a lady, "that Time is always represented as bald-headed?" To which a gentleman replied, "So many have taken Time by the forelock, they probably pulled out all his hair."

MISS THIN: "Don't you think my new dress is just exquisite? They all say so." Fannie: "Oh, lovely! I think that dressmaker of yours could make a clothes-prop look gracefuL" "DON'T you get tired of answering foolish ques- tions ? '' inquired the lounger at the railway station. "Awfully," replied the booking clerk, with a dreary yawn. "I've answered that one more than fifty times this morning." HER FATHER (dubiously) : "I don't know what you are going to marry on. You have but a small salary, and my daughter has no fortune." Her Lover (confidently) : "Oh, well, if you are econo- mical for a year or two you'll be able to start us all right." JUDGE: "And what did the prisoner say when you told him that you would have him arrested ?" Complainant: "He answered me mechanically, your honour." Judge: "Explain." Complainant: He hit me on the head with a hammer." HUSBAND: "Do you know that every time a woman gets angry she adds a new wrinkle to her face ?" Wife: • No, I did not; but if it is so, I presume it is a wise provision of nature tl let the world know what sort of a husband thc, woman has."

MISTRESS "This floor doesn't look very clean, Bridget. Have you swept it to-day?" Bridget: "No, mum; Oi didn't shwape it to-day or yisterday ; but Oi shewpt it t'ree toimes tlf day before. '

MRS. GRAINGER (engaging new servant): "I am very particular about the conduct of my domestics. I had to discharge my last girl because I caught her winking at my husband." Applicant: "You did quite right, ma'am. A girl as careless as that ought to be discharged." A CURIOUS artifice of war was adopted by a Chinese junk when attacked •by a man-of-war. Tbe crew threw cocoanuts overboard into the sea, and then jumped in among them. Nearly all escaped, for it was impossible to tell which were heads and which were nuts.

"MAMMA," said Wiliie, after he had come from school, "1 saw a poor little boy, on my way home, who had never even heard of icecream." "That was too bad," said Willie's mother. "What did you say to him? " "I said," replied Willie earnestly, " that I had almost forgotten it my- self." _ _

SHE : "Do you love me, darling?" He: "What •do you want to interrupt me for when I am just adding up a column of figures?" Of course I love you! Confound it all! Now I've got to go over the whole column again." AT THE BREAKFAST TABLE.—" And that," said Paul Emmicks, raising his voice as he knished his explanation to his table neighbour, "is the fly in the ointment." "I would have you understand, Mr. Emmicks," remarked the landlady, sharply, "that that is the best creamery butter; and, what is more, flies are unavoidable at this season." "You told me you were going to play church," .said mamma, reprovingly, one Sunday. "Yes, ma." "Then I'd like to know what all this loud laughter is about ?" "Oh, that's Dot and me. We're the choir." To RUSSIA FOR WARETH.—Five years ago Lord Randolph Churchill undertook a journey to Russia. A friend asked him what he had gone there for. "To get warm!" was the reply. And he went on to explain the apparent paradox. "The winter is very cold, everywhere, but it is much colder in Russia than anywhere else. Hence the Russians take the most efficient precautions against its rigour. It is only in St. Petersburg that people understand the art of heating a house thoroughly." AN old lady from the country was at one of the • large London stations, when she noticed a carriage labelled "Engaged." It happened that in the said carriage were a young lady and a gentleman, who appeared to be on the best terms with one another. The old lady remarked that anyone could see they were engaged, without having the fact placarded to the world. A oxlvrizmaN in a restaurant got a fish-bone across his throat, and was very nearly choked. A . .

waiter rendered 'him a little 'assist ince by loosen- ing his collar and giving him a glass of water. When the gentleman received his bill he was dis- gusted to find that a shilling had been charged for this ,slight service. "What is the meaning of this, waiter?" he asked, angrily, pointing to the offending item. The waiter looked at it and re- plied: " Well, sir, choking's a hextra ! " "CHARLIE." remarked Fogg, "you are born to be a writer." "Ah I" replied Charlie, blushing slightly at.the compliment, "you have seen some of the things I have turned off?" "No," said Fogg; "I wasn't referring to what you had written; I was simply thinking what a splendid ear you had for carrying a pen. Iminen,s,e, Charlie; . . simply immense!" . Nor so long ago a well-known Canon of treat- minster was marrying two ,of his servants, one of whom was his footman. As had been his custom whenever he answered a question, the footman saluted. The Canon whispered to him to tell him to dispense with the salute, and simply say—after him. It was an unfortunate instruction, for When the question came, "Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife?" etc., the footman was obedient to the very letter, and said, "After you, sir."

A STRANG ER in London the other day, going to the City, asked a casual passer-by if he could direct him to New Broad-street. The fellow thought for a while, and then said he (lid not know, and proceeded on his way. Before the stranger had gone fifty yards farther he heard footsteps running in his direction, and looking back he perceived the man he had before ad- dressed, who, fearfully out of breath, rushed up to him and exclaimed : "Perhaps it is Old Broad. street you want?" "Well, where's that?" in- - quired the stranger, when to his surprise the fellow answered: "I don't know where that is, either."

===== 0002601_18950420_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CUBE.

KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- CAN FreaMpticn, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer trom the errous 01 youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney. blade r, I, prosti tend kindred oomplaitts, and has stool the test for 20 years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JosaPti Hoar& Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Blcmsbury• square, London, and get full particulars of this greur, Remedy fr,e of charge.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
• ' GAP ITAL " UdAT.

It is difficult to conceive anything more dismal than the latest project for conveying human beings up Mont Blanc on a railway. There might be some possibility of a new and thrilling sensation in as- cending the monarch of mountains even in a car, if it kept outside and in the daylight. But surely the view from the summit would be dearly pur- chased at the cost of tunnelling right into the heart of the mountain and then being taken up a shaft by lifts. Nine million francs is spoken of as the cost of this wild scheme. Happily there is not much chance of capital being subscribed forso hair- brained a project. If we want to burrow in dark- ness there are plenty of struggling coalmines ,'Ftliat might be utilised for excursionists.

For a pretty specimen of Ulster intolerance com- mend us to the decision of the governors of Down Infirmary not to allow the local Sisters of Mercy to visit the Catholic inmates. Unfortunately,the•policy of these gentlemen is of a piece with that favoured in many of the workhouses and hospitals of Ulster.

The Conservative Press has clearly had its orders to he polite to Mr. Chamberlain. So the "Pall Mall " hastens to say that the only difference it has had with the member tor West Birmingham relates to London government (which Mr. Chamberlain has made a special pivot of his policy), and the " St. James's " protests that it loves him above all other men, bnt blames Mr. Balfour for nominating a Liberal Unionist in place of a Tory for Warwick. Only this and nothing more. And only hall-a- dozen vituperative articles from the " Standard," representing, with single accuracy, the inner feel- ing of four out of every five Conservative members of the House of Commons.

The House of Clmmons will miss Mr. Lawrence Gene. A simple, single-man, with a distinct oratorical gift born of many temperance lectures. Mr. Gane brought with him a certain air of good faith and native worth. His physique was frail enough. Guant and thin and white, he struggled for years with a feeble digestion and a failure of nervous power. A total abstainer, he was advised of late to try stimulants, and for some time the ex- periment succeeded. But this vital force was always low, and his rather premature death will not come as a surprise to his friends.

It is singular how little Frenchmen, even of the more intelligent sort, know about British public men. In a newly published French book on golf, it is casually stated that Mr. Leslie Balfour (now Mr. Leslie Balfour-Melville), the well-known Scot- tish golfer, is a son of Mr. A. ,J. Balfour.

There is a prospect that the Rev. Dr. Reuben Thomas, who is shortly coming on a visit to his native country, will settle here for the remainder of his life. The popular Congregational minister,who has made such a name for himself on the other side or the Atlantic. mil is, in fact, one of the finest preachers in Boston, is to occupy the pulpit of the church at West Hampstead in July.

The rector of St. John's, Horsley Down, has got into hot water with some of his parishioners for inviting the Rev, Father Walker, from St. Peter's. London Docks, to preach for him. Father Walker took the opportunity to advocate the confessional, Ind is said to have made use of these remarkable words, "The priest knows nothing what is told him in confession. He only knows it as God." I hear that the attention of the Bishop of Southwark, who is acting for the Bishop of Rochester, has been drawn to the matter, but as Father Walker is not engaged in the diocese,it is difficult to see what Dr Yeatman can do.

When commendatory note is made of the freedotn with which her Majesty goes about among the ~.)“)ple of Nice, divesting herself of the cumber- some formalities of State, the question naturally nrises why this favouring confidence is shown abroad and not at home. Here the Queen effectu- ally hides in public the more homely side of her character. She is never seen in London except from a distance, with a long perspntive of func- tionaries and armed guards fixed between her and even remote association with the populace. It can hardly he supposed that there would be less rever- ence for her as a Queen and an Empress if she occasionally showed herself to her own people, as she does to the foreigner, as human and a woman.

Somewhat belated contradiction is given to-day to gossip which transferred the new Speaker's paternity from the well-known Malvern physician to a turfite and prize-fighter who once represented Pontefract in the Comm ms. The story, which never "caught on," was only one of the many rumours that were industriously whispered about with sinioter design when Mr. Gully's name first began to be associated with the Speakership. There was, for instance, a wondrous fable, whose origin Was attributed to the region which rewirds itself specially charged with a mission to defend the faith. This related how there had been a con- v-rsion or perversion to Roman Catholicism in the Gully family in the last generation, with the effect that Mr. Gully, having been brought up as a , Catholic, bad lapsed into infidelity. But this canard never got start enough to make overtaking it. a difficulty. It was very promptly scotched, and I was never heard of again. And the other fiction gets chief prominence by its contradiction.

The Wartburg, which the Emperor William is ribnut to visit, as the guest of the Duke of Saxe- Weimar, is full of associations of a very different order from those cennected with hunting the caper- cailzie. It was in that rock-built fortress that Luther was sheltered by the friendly ccmpulsion of the Elector of Saxony from the foes who were hunting him. His ronmq, where he spent the time of his retreat in translittng the Bible, are still .shown, and the furniture which he used is piously preserved. There is something approaching to tlesecration in this association of the Wartburg. frinking down over the svvellino undulations of the 'Thuringian Foreet, with imperial expeditions for shooting eapercailzie.

The Admiralty has, I find. resolved on an import- ant step in connection with the vessels at present on foreign stations. During the next year no fewer than fifteen of those vessels are to he re-commis- sinned. It must not be imagined that this is due to any dearth of seamen, since the Admiralty has al- ready taken steps to relieve the time-expired men. It is, indeed, due to the belief that owing to the questions which have lately arisen it will be wiser that commanders should remain on the stations, who are acquainted with the local conditions and comprehend the views of the Foreign and Colonial Offices. No fewer than six of the fifteen vessels are commissioned to the China stations.

Mr. Campbell-Bannerman has protnised that the militia shell be supplied with a full-dress head- gear; and it has been asked whether this headgear will be of a uniform character, as,for instance, that discarded by the regularS. The reply is in the negative. Only one-fourth of the militia regiments will, however, get their supply this year.

I hear that the Liberals of Mid-Norfolk are in good heart and very hopeful of carrying Mr. Wilson's election. Meantime Mr. Clement Higgins is enjoying the panel fate of perverts—candid speaking from both sides. Having cut himself off from his old political associates to ally himself with the party whose boast is a monopoly of "the gentle- men of England," he finds himself not only pilloried by the publication of his lest election address, whose biting sarcasms tell chiefly against himself, but he is the recipient of uncomplimentary allusions by his new friends. The rector of Scarning,near East Drreham, is Dr. Jessopp, whose In/lounge is frank almost to the point of bluntness. When instructing the constituents as to their duty in the present Icrisis, the rev. gentleman remarked that. " they did not want a man like that ' wretched Tiller; nor a I Clement Higgins, who, because he could not get his I price, deserted the party who got him in by the ! back door. They wanted no pince-hunter or earl-et- bagger, no one who was with them to-day and gone to-morrow,but ROMP one'on whom:they could depend land who was well know to them all—one of them- selves, like their good friend Mr. Gurdnn." It mu-t be pleasant to Mr. Higgins to find himself thus ap- preeitypd by that party for whom he has sacrificed ISO much.

ATOXON'S NIIII'ERY 'BOON tf'nequeled for DESTROYING ITS, and PARAS

In the HUMAN HAIR ) OF CHEMISTS and the PPOPETETOR, J. L. NI 0X 0 N. 252, PARK-BOAC. LIVPPPOOL. Ski. !and Is. per box, Post Prep 7I and Is. Please nisntion th.s Ivrer.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-7-

===== 0002601_18950420_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL O. 1895.

The common potato, when decomposing, gives light enough to read by. A Swiss statistician has taken the trouble to count the number of steps he`took in walkinq the whole ye4r. number he finds to have been 9,760,900.0 r an average of 25,740 steps a day. G,,ing still further into details, he declares that over 600,000 steps of these steps were taken in going up and down stairs. An instrument known as the" gastograph " has been constructed for the purpose of recording the motions in the stomach of a patient under treatment, the move- ments of the food while it is undergoing chemical action being carefully and minutely recorded by means of electricity. A single fly, if unmolested from the beginning of the fly season, will produce through itself and its successors in a single season, the almost unbelievable number of two millions eighty thousand three hundred and twenty flies.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAIIEST NELLIE,

Everybody is saying that the Henri Qaatre fash- ions are going to come into vogue this seasoe. The principal feature is ell° ruffle, and this is very becoming to many fames. It is usually mar -le of chiffon. Aeother feature is the painted E ize- bethan bodice. Taking a general view of the lead. log oharacterietics of the new mil inery, the colours that me3t the eye are pink, from pale•rinie to criamen and deep magenta; yellew in grade i ri from straw and raaize to gold and amber, black and white, this laat claiming premieence in the pearly whizeness of lace, ohifl.m, ae t liese ; alae in the monopely of thoeo roses thet do nor dl- pay the the vivei ahadees of deep red wieh petale sha,]ing to depths almost black at tl-,e e'g,s, and tints of hie-glow in the heart. It eee ate seen on every hand, and claim to he ,e.e fl of the season. They ape:Her in ebeelj-cruletd masses, bunches, and coonets, without foliege, this being arrevg id separately, sad the tints of green varied by a aho t Effec-. of roee or maure. Sleeves jest now are ±,y no mee, e ef the kind to be easily forgotten ; they are immeese4 wide and very often &aced, but this drapelg reara wi h he dressmaker, who arraegee it to suit the nature of the material and tee tieure of the wearer. S:eeves are frequently ot e. diderent material, and ha dinner gowns the short petted velvet sleeve is eften open 6111 the way up to show a fitted under-sieve of gauze, lace, oath', or embroidery, the,: meets :he long embroidered white glove. S ,me of these gloves reach to the shoulder, and are embroidered with flowers le silk, or with designs work-d with pearls, beads, and small paillottee. I have seen some dreightfully novel ones worn with cloth.

By far the larger number of the blouses now fashionable end at the waist-line, but still ba.ques are not altogether out of date, and those to woom round-waisted bodices are becoming can wear them without fear f their toilet looking antiquated. Lining is a matter of taste, but blouses, especially those of silk, certainly sit much better when they . .

are lined throughout. Honey-combing is not often seen now, although peoplo who adhere to what is known as an " artistic" style of dress continue to wear smocked bodices, and nine blouses out of ten have box-pleated fronts, the tenth being simply fulled at the shoulders and waist, with a large fall- ing collar of lace or lace and muslin.

to evening gowns, io3VO seen a groat many pretty ones since I wrote you last, and as I don't think I said anything about them in my last letter, I will describe one or two of the prettiest. Imagine a skirt of rose pink satin unadorned, save at the lef t side, where a butterfly of gigantic pro- portions, and composed simply of a glittering mass of jet sequins, hiss taken up its abode. Another butterfly is poised just below the waist-line of the boOice, which is of black satin, studded thickly with jot sequins, the ditoolletage being softened by folds of pink velvet, finished at the left side In a quaint bow, while the sleeves are formed of four graduated frills of black ct,iffon. Though in real- ity it is remarkab'y simple, I do not think that you could easily find a nvich more effective gown, and so I commend it to your epeoial notice. Still another evening dress well worthy of note was of write sat In, the skirt bordered with a band of sable and n frstooned drapery of violet velvet. The huge puffed sleeves of the velvet fell well off the shoulders, woich, however, were covered by a cape of tine svelte le held in place by bands of fur, and last, but by no means least, • came two great bunches of violets, one placed at the right side of the corsage and the other midway down the skirt.

There are loth of delightful hats. A very nice one of green and whi,-e straw, in a turned-up shape, ia trimmed with two clusters of most natural lookin crimson-tipped daisies on each side of the point i and rising from the point a wing-like bow of ilue black lace attached with a small jet and pvite button. At the back is a tall bow of the lace, outlined with very fine black wire to make it stand erect, and a big °luster of the daisies, a few of the blossoms straying downwards, and resting on the hair. Another hat, quite as pretty, has two outspreading wings of the butter- fly order in iridesoent green sequins; the crown is made of gold, traced again with the sequins and two broad black satin bows stand out at the back.

Yours lovingly. JENNIS.

daily on the tooth , few drops of :ODONT,

pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth-and spaces 1 Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, between them aanothingelse Sallow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly White Sick Headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them .so as to stay breath ensured. cured. Chemists, .Is. lad. Ask for SOZODONT.Q2s. 5d

-- ................... et Vsze,:!l,,,,izy \O ;...., (/ !: % • ' ---....' A // . ~.... \ ,'' ) PI //i ~/ ~.._:4, w ~,,4"01

, :-- ' • .P,c‘.' '-. 1114011Fliri V4it' ?' •C ''K 1 1 t,:..e.,'14 !g"-• ''',;::.,4 sf t A" : .:,•,., „,•., ,•,‘,. .4, e----,-,';/.,lt'''./;,'r9!,,t-';',`,:;•. ,-- ..2-'.,;?' /;/,';;;,4,.. '-'--'-''''''• , e-;;. ,; / .•„-:;,.....'" ..'`. 0 1 • • '7#,- 'Y,',' '; - y -%. 1

•,,7',;(., 1/7, • P -,-------4, lis• • S 4-- . ~,, - , *1). -%-----:-. ,

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.. -,,, Small NIL BEAUTIFUL TEFT" Small ~,e• for all who use ,-- ;.%,..4 ARTER Small Price. , brush a ,04:, ITTLE Forty in n. ; ,r4V: FIVILER SOV Purely vl.egel the __ table.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Borax.

Borax is a very valuable article to key in houses, for it can be utilised to advantage in so many ways. It is excellent for softening water for domestic use in the laundry, kitchen, and bath-room, though it must not be used for softening drinking-water, or in cooking pur- poses; it may only he used in the kitchen for cleaning and for removing the fur or deposit which forms inside kettles, enamelled saucepans. &c. Borax is, too, one of the best means of rendering fabrics fireproof. It is good mixed with Keating's Powder to kill beetles. I have already referred to RS value in washing lace and fine things. It is also very useful te use in washing coloured things. It makes, too, a good hair wash, and may be used for cleaning teeth.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Floor Cloth.

Floor cloths or oil-cloths should be dusted over every morning with a damp cloth. Once a week, net more at ten, they should be washed with a clean flannel kept specially for them with luke-warmaor neven cold water. Do not use any soap or soda. A little milk is a good thing to use occasionally. Ihey must be rubbed very dry when the washing process is over, in order to pre- serve their brightness. An oil-cloth should never be scrubbed with a brush ; it takes off the paint. Straw- matting should be washed but sP•ldom,as much dampness injures it. When it is necessary, however to clean a floor mat, do it by washing with a large coarse cloth dipped in salt and water, as you proceed wipiog it dry with another coarse cloth. The salt will prevent the matting from turning yellow. Cocoa-nut matting re- quiries taking up and shaking once a week. When very dirty it may be scrubbed with soap and hot water, then dipped in cold water and hung on a line to dry.

Punishing Children. Those who have not Lord Palmerston's happy belief that all children are born good are always prepared to admit that some provision for punishment is the neces- sary appurtenance of both domestic and school govern- ment, but the kind of punishment or the end and aim of punishment rarely gets the consideration it requires. The necessity for punishment is generally regarelf-d as a disagreeable accident which can be m,-t off-hand by such haphazard methods as chance to present themselves at the time. There are, however, five maxims worth re- membering in the control of the little people nature or chance commits to our care, which I believe originated with a German authority on this question. ti) Never correct a child in anger. (2) Never deprive a child of anything without returning it. (3) Never break a pro- mise. (4) Never overlook a fault. (5) In all things set before the child an example worthy of imitation. But parents,as a great philosopher says,are not good enough; they inherit so many faults and defects from their pro- genitors and their children in turn inherit so many from them that the Utopian home life which would be realised if these maxims were carried out becomes almost hop- less. The fact, however, does not prevent the attempt being made, for with each successful attempt evil quali- ties are nearer elimination. MEDICAL FRATTDS.-CAUTION.

No imposition can be meaner than foisting upon a sick man a worthless substitute for the medicine that will restore him to health. Newspaper reports of won- derful cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale PeoVe have led many to seek this remedy; but the public is IA arned against worthless pills sold loose, or by the dozen or hundred, and against imitation purporting to be "the same as. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and cheaper." No substitute is cheap ; Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure, while the others are of no effect. Dr. !Williams' Pink Pills are not like any other medicine, and no retailer can prepare them. They are only sold in wooden boxes, about two inches long, with directions, in a pink wrapper, printed in red, with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. If in doubt, seed the price (25. 9d.—or 135. 9d. for six boxes) to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 48, Holborn-viaduct, London. Dr. Williams' Pick Pills are a sure remedy for rheuma- tism, neuralgia, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, 'scrofula, chronic erysipelas, So. They are not a yurgative, but they restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for troubles peculiar to the female; while in men they effect a radical cure in all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excess of any nature.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY MR. GLADSTONE.

In St. DeinioEs Library at Flawarden on Monday afterneon Mr. Gladstone received a deputation repre- senting the federated Liberal clubs of Yorkshire, who presented to him a mark of appreciation of his life and work in the form of an oak bookcase and 160 volumes of books. Mr. Gladstone in returning thanks expresQed confidence in the future of the country. He said he hoped that the great body of the people, who had now been put in power, would show themselves to be proof againQt the temptations which invariably attended the possession and exercise of power The best way in which that could be done was by temperance and moderation, and, shove all, by preference of general and national interests to interests that were sectional. He thanked the deputation for their contribution to his library, and 9aid it was a delightful thing to see hew far and wide the institution of libraries was Pxtending.As competitors with the public-houses, and from other points of view. the value of litiraries could hardly be over-estimated. It was not surprising, perhaps, that light literature should receive so much attention from readers in libr a ries. He hoped, however, that there might always be a df.gire for good light literature, by which he meant works such as Scott, whom he regarded as a benefactor not only of this country but of the world at large. Earlier in the day Mr. Gladstone received in private a number of Armenian refugees, with whom he expressed his sympathy.

The TT arnhurr, " Preml,mblatt " thinks that the new I magazi c Ile will do away with cavalrv,in general en- galements, because every saddle conld he emptied in two minutes in a charge of less than a mile. It says 75 per cont. of cavalry will be converted into infantry ; the majority of the rest will become bicyclists. The name nicotine is a reminder of Jean Nicot, French nobleman and Ambassador to Portugal. In 1560 he sent a quantity of tobacco seeds from Lisbon to Paris stating that they were the seeds at a valuable medicinal plant that was just then hilhly appreciated in Portugal, into which country it had been introduced from America orty years before.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
V4N

What becomes of pain when successfully treated? We say, it vanishes like smoke. Thor- ough treatment does away with italtogether. If you want a relief from pains in the back, Li side, chest or limbs, use an A WILLCO W CK, S PLASTER. 11,11 .Izl Of all Chemists from is. isd. tifi 10

225.-6 d. each.

FEMPI2OIIOIIIIIIIEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII3I I ir Ell' 4ti:t4•6\ LI ti • _ 1511 -- . ''.;.'• --r,,i --..„ ~ A, / ;.,. 1:11r • ti:ll3 riA , N IEI til smo, :.0 0 v -1.,,, Ell E il a: 04 Ei ~ - -• /""))). Elliti ' •i, Ell? rxx VA Pi EFI Fil -1111 iii,l 114 Yl4 111 Fill lllill ..... :3,13 fl Ell illi Pi Liamariumm,....! mirmr..m.....kaa,mita

===== 0002601_18950420_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
z

===== 0002601_18950420_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR;

BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, A'utla.). of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," " floribel s Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER XIX. A DESPAIRING GIRL. Tat whole affair had been so sudden, the shock which had followed Doris's startling revelation so terrible, that for an instant Frederick Thornton was dazed; and in that instant, the little figure had eluded his grasp, and with the fleetness of a deer, flew down the path that led to the river. " !" he called out, sharply. "Comeback 1 What wuld you do?" Only a heart-broken sob floated back to him. The words she had uttered came to his memory with awful horror:

"Only death could break the bonds that bind you to me, Mr. Thornton. I will not come between you and Vivian. lam going to set you free." Surely poor, beautiful little Doris did not intend to court death in the dark, rapid river. The thought brought him to hisdienses as nothing else could have done, and with fleet footsteps he fol- lowed that flying figure, calling upon her to stop. But if Doris heard those passionate cries she did not heed them. Pausing an instant on the brink of the moonlit water, she held up her white hands to the night-sky. "It was all a cruel mistake," she murmured, with gasping sobs. "He did not love me. It was Vivian whom lie loved. He hates me because I came between them and parted them, and I couldn't bear that. I must die and set him free. Surely. God must pardon me, knowing how bitterly hard my life is to bear." Poor Doris ! Her great sorrow had driven her mad with despair. With a piteous cry that pierced Frederick Thornton's heart like an arrow, as it floated back to him, little Doris flung herself from the rock on which she stood, down into ihe curling waves; and in an instant they closed over her head.

The next moment Frederick Thornton reached the spot. He stood there as if turned to stone, looking down into the rippling waters, sparkling under the pale light of the Moon—the waters that had but a moment before closed over that beauti- ful, dark head and childish, despairing face.

Horror had almost robbed him of his voice, deprived him of his strength. NVith an awful cry he staggered back from the brink, and rushed to- ward the house, crying loudly for help, for she had not risen again. Poor Doris, the fair young bride he had wedded, and from whom the hand of fate had parted, him, almost at the very altar, in so strange a manner, lying cold in death, and for his sake. She had not given him time to tell her how strangely fate had been playing at cross-purposes with them. She believed he had wilfully, cruelly deserted her, and it was this that had driven her to her doom. She had sought death ere the startling truth could be revealed to her. Oh, the pity, the horror, and the cruel shame of it I "Help! help !" he cried, hoarsely, wildly rush- ing up the broad, marble porch two steps at a time: To the servants, who rushed out in'answer to their young master's wild cries he explained in a few gasping words what he happened. There would be no question of saving her now, they told him. They could only get drags, and search for the body. This was quickly done. Steady hands bent to the oars. Rigid and still, and,ghastly white, Frederick Thornton sat in the boat beside them, watching it all; sat like a figure wrought in marble; sat with the ghastly, white, despairing face of a man whose thoughts were tor- turing him to madness. Every rush of the waves that beat against the boat every stroke of the oars, as they struck against the water, seemed to cry out to him: "She sought death because she could not live without you. How the poor child loved you I" The drags were dipped, splashed, and trailed through the shimmering water, only to come up tangled with weeds and river drift. No set, white, childish face, irane.d in rings of wet hair clinging to it—no slender, girlish figure came up with the drags from the river's depths. An hour passed in useless search. They were obliged at length to abandon it. The swift under-current must have carried her away before they had reached the spot. And all this time the merry ball was going on. Music, laughter and dancing made the night air echo with revelry, and not one among them knew of the tragedy which had taken place so near them. Frederick Thornton could not go back to the scene of festivity. He could not endure it. Like one mad, he paced the river's brink, gazing with horror and remorse too great for words at the fair, false smiling, treacherous waves. Suddenly a light, quick, step came hurriedly down the path. He knew before he raised him white, haggard, pain-drawn face that it was Vivian. "Have you learned what has happened, Vivian?" he asked. "Poor Doris has flung herself into the river. I was powerless to save her, for she never rose again. There was not even a ripphi to mark the spot where she went down. She is drowned. Poor pretty Doris i She did it to set me free. Oh, the pity of it, Vivian ; the pity of it 1" To the last day of his life Frederick Thornton never forgot the shock it gave him to hear the triumphant cry that broke from Vivian's red lips: "Dead, is she, Frederick? Was there ever such a fortunate stroke of fate for you and me? I thought I should go mad when 1 listened to her story and heard it confirmed by your lips. And now she is out of our path forever 1" Frederick Thornton recoiled from Vivian in horror too great for words. Could it be that he had heard aright? Great Heaven! had this girl, whom he had idolized as little less than an angel, a heart of marble, and a breast so dead to human pity that she could speak of poor Doris's untimely death like this? ' "Vivian I" he cried, sternly, "do you realise that you are speaking of that poor child's death ac though you were glad ?" "And so lam," assented Vivian Courtney. "Arc sot you, Frederick ?" "Heaven forbid I" he groaned, shudderingly. 41 If I could put life into that still heart again and brightness into those dim eyes, I would suffer a lifetime of vain to do it." Vivian came a step nearer to him and laid her hand—on which his engagement ring still sparkled —on his arm. Only a few short hours before that touch would have thrilled him to the heart's core. Now he shook it off with a shudder. "You have forgotten that, if she had lived, she would have come between you and me—and happi- ness," she murmured. And the voice that had always pounded like the sweetest music to Frederick Thornton's ears now seemed strangely discordant to him, and the vague thought drifted across his mind, was it possible lie had ever loved this girl? Heretofore he had seen only the sweet side of Vivian's nature. Now she stood revealed to him in quite a different light--a vindictive woman; one capable of the most desper- ate, relentless hate ; one who could glory in an inno- cent rival's death—the loss of a human life -if it removed an obstacle from her path. He was amazed—cruelly disappointed in Vivian Court- ney. The chances are, if Vivian had not given utter- , ance to her real sentiments, the whole course of ) her after life would have been different: A slight incident, a word, a look, have often been known to turn the mightiest love into abhorrence. Love comes to the heart swiftly, and it may take wing iist as swiftly, and is often but a transient guest. But, feeling so sure of Frederick's love, Vivian wen t on : "Yes, I am glad Doris has made away with her- self. How we would have hated her if she had lived to spoil our lives. She was always a design- ing, artful minx when she was at school. Of course she purposely remained until past the hour for the gates to be locked, to entrap you into mar- rying her—the crafty—" "Vivian !—Miss Courtney I.—remember you are speaking of the dead !" exclaimed Frederick Thorn- ton, sternly. " Do not speak another disparaging word of thas poor child if you would have me retain the respect in which I have always held you Remember—she was—my--wife." • Vivian took a step backward, and looked at his pale, angry face. "One would almost imagine that you were as much in love with the pretty little beggar as she was with you," she cried ; "and that you had just discovered that smouldering love existed in your heart when her uaexpected taking off awakened it into life." She had put the idea into his head, and he caught at the thought with strange eagerness. Was the great pain at his heart the quivering, mighty throb of love? He covered his face with his hands with a deep groan. The cmcdousness of the truth came home to

uu Lou r7onq Dora, tht• ,y. '1.1;1111ing young bride whom lie had we fro wi,om fate .ikad parted him so The ioity that had stirreri his pulses as he saw her k»eehog, with her golden head bowed, on the cold, 112 rd stones outside of the closed gates, crying out she would rather die than face the piti- less world—the mighty thrill that had stirred his pulses and bade him care for her—instead of pity, as he thought it then, was love. Love, too, that had prompted him to follow he to-night down to the river, to give his life, if need be, to save her. Love that bemoaned her loss, and cried out to him that his life was ruined and disolate, now that Doris was no more; and the bitterest drop in his cup of woe was the knowledge that Doris loved him so well, and that she had died because she could not live without him, and had died, too, believing he had wilfully deserted her. "Ah ! if she had but known just how that terrible affair came about."

Again Vivian broke in upon his perturbed thoughts, " You do not speak! You do not attempt to deny it !" she cried, shrilly. " I believe you did love the girl, or you would never, never have asked her to marry you that night of the ball; and if that be true, I glory in the fact that you are parted from her—that she is dead I"

Great Heaven! how the cruel words smote him ! and in that moment he loathed Vivian more intensely than he had ever loved her. "As the case now stands, Vivian," .he said, coldly, "Ii release you from your engagement, realising under what circumstances it was made." "But, supposing I do not wish to be released," she said, slowly. " We can never be anything to each other in the future," he answered, firmly. " All is over between us, Vivian; we must part forever."

CHAPTER XX. A HUSBAND'S FAULT.

Mr& Thornton's dismay upon hearing the start- ling story Vivian related so incoherently to her can better be imagined than described. She sought out her son at once. He was still pacing to and fro under the beeches in the garden. "Frederick," she whispered, approaching him and taking his cold hands in her own, "you must not give way to grief like this. Under the circum- stances, you are blameless. That accident, and the delirous fever which followed it, completely oblit- erated all knowledge of your bride from your mind. The fault lay with Doris herself. When she came here, why did she not tell me all, instead of creeping into the' house by stealth, and in dis- guise? Or why did she not confront you, and demand to know why you deserted her? Then matters could have been righted."

"She was so young, mother, she did not know what to do under the complicated circumstances. She believed, of course, that I was false to her," he groaned. "There is another matter of which I wish to speak, Frederick," said his mother, timidly. "This is scarcely the time and place, still it must be said, sooner or later, and the subject may as well he gotten over with first as last. "You married this girl on the spur of the moment, my boy, and even at the time you did not love her—you loved Vivian. Believing yourself after- ward free to woo and win Vivian, you became engaged in marriage to her. The wedding day is Set; she wears your ring upon her finger. You cannot bring Doris back • therefore it is best to keep all knowledge of this tragedy from the public, and let your marriage with Vivian go on." She was puzzled by the strange look that crossed his face, leaving it paler than ever.

"I will keep this pitiful aflair from the world's knowledge for my poor, unhappy Doris's sake, if you think best mother," he answered, huskily; but as for marrying Vivian now, mother, I can- not. Do not urge me. I cannot." Mrs. Thorntor looked into her son's white, handsome face wan dismay, not unmixed with with fear. Was this terrible affair driving him mad? Was he losing his reason? He was evincing an unaccountable, strange dislike to- ward Vivian whom he had fairly idolisdd. Surely this was a sign of it. Those struggling on the verge of madness usually turn against the one, they love best—first. "Do not talk about it any more, mother," he went on, huskily. •` I cannot hear it." Every effort was made to find poor Doris's body, but of no avail. If she lay beneath the water, the waves kept their secret well. • The disappearance of Mrs. Thornton's companion created no excitement whatever. No one missed her, no one took any interest to know what had become of her; and thus days lengthened into weary months. At last society was beginning to wonder why the marriage between Vivian Courtney, the heiress, and Frederick Thornton, the banker's son, did not take place. Since the night of the ball many had noticed a sudden and growing coldness between the lovers. No one knew that, seeing Vivian in her true light—on that fatal night she had boldly declared her hatred of poor Doris—the last remnant of Frederick Thornton's love for her had been turned into loathing. He no longer sought Vivian's society ; he rather avoided it. Whole hours he spent by the deep, dark, treacherous water, his face buried in his I hands, groaning aloud. It was too late now for vain regrets. His heart had gone out to poor Doris too late. No one knew how he mourned in secret for the bride he had lost so strangely. To Vivian Courtney this strange revulsion on "the part of her lover was maddening. In vain she tried to woo him back to his allegiance; but the golden spell of love was broken. He shrank from her. The dead coals of the old love were neve& astean to be re-kindled in his heart. ; Yet Vivian Courtney would not be discouraged. Even to herself she would not admit the alarming truth that Frederick Thornton's heart had grown cold to her. One afternoon matters came to a crisis. Vivian drove up to the villa and called for Frederick. "I should like you to ride a little way with me, Frederick," she said. "I have something to say I to you." Very reluctantly he complied, rather dreading a i tete-a-tete with the wilful beauty, and a shade of .1 annoyance crossed his face which she was not slow in perceiving. For some distance they rode in silence—a silence broken only by the twittering of the birds in the trees overhead, or the drowsy hum of the bees amid the sweet pink clover. At length the silence became irksome to Vivian. She clutched the reins tightly with her ungloved hands; and looking down he noticed that she still wore his engaeernent ring. She saw the glance, and a deep flush, followed by a quick pallor, spread over her face. "Frederick," she said, in a low voice, "it is about this ring I wish to speak to you. Do you still mean what you said on the night of the ball ?" It hurt her pride cruelly to utter those words, but she most know. Her love—her whole future— was at stake. He tried to overcome his embarrassment at the question, hut it was a failure. He looked greatly distressed. How could he tell her that his heart had changed toward her since the evening she had expressed herself so freely in regard to poor Doris's death? How he hated the ungracious words he must speak : yet it must be done. He must speak plainly to her. The words he must utter : "I have ceased to love you," seemed to him most unmanly : yet the sooner they understood each other the better it would be for them both. in the gentlest words he could command, he told her that the engagement they had entered into should never have existed, owing to the fact that, at that time, he was not free to woo and win any young girl's heart, and he begged her to remember the accident which had befallen him, followed by brain fever, which had obliterated from his mind all knowledge of his bride, who awaited his return. .

"No, no, Vivian," he went on, "do not con- sider your promise binding, for I do not. You are as free as air." The words died away on his lips as he saw the marble white caller of the girl's face. Her eyes glowed like purple fires, and her breast heaved con- vulsively. "You have no heart, or you would not break with me ! " she sobbed. "All the world will know that I am a victim to the fickleness of a ma's love!" she cried. "You did love me once, Frederick,'' she went on, pathetically, "and you would have ben mine, but for that girl who came between us, and I hate her for it; yes, hate her iP her grave, for I believe in one mad moment, as she stood before you, pleading her cause that night your love turned from me to her. Is it no so ?" she panted. He was too honourable to deny the truth, and be bowed his heed in assent. A Vivian 13,1 I aside her Drile, and turned to

"Is it too late, now that she is dead, to care—• for me—again ?" she faltered. He could not help feeling touched with distress for the humiliation it must have cost this proud girl to speak such words as these. "If you ever 111.1iTy, I-I shall despise the woman who wins your love," she cried, bitterlY ; "I will be her cruellist enemy, and yours, till the day I die." pity and "Calm yourself,' Vivian," he answe.red, gently, taking her burning hands in his; "I shall never marry—never." "You will wreck your life and mine for a fool- ish vagary," she cried, bitterly. "Doris is dead why can you not forgot her, • Frederick ?" she "Pause cried, with a spasm of pain in her voice. and think before you give up such a deathless love as mine."

He shook his head with a sad gesture. "I am grieved, pained to tell you, Vivi " an, he said, " that it can never be ; the ineniory of leY fair young bride come between us My heart, has gone out to Doris and is buried with her in her grave. "Shall we turn back ?" she asked in a cold, con- strained voice, that sounded scarcely human. "Yes," he answered. gently. Not a word was uttered during that long drive homeward. Vivian's face was white as death; but with a firm hand she held the reins. Before alighting from the vehicle, he held mit' his hand to her : "We can at least be friends, Vivian," he said' appealingly. Slie uttered a bitter laugh that was half recoiling from the outstretched hand. "After breaking my heart, and placing me,Ll.l very sorry light before the public, do not tea" °, being friends with me ; do not ask me to your hand." "As you think best, Vivian?" lie said, hurnblY. Vivian Courtney never saw the green, fields, the white, pebbled road, and the ee'sli: starred meadows as she drove slowly home'' Vivian was M a whirl of emotion: she was tryieg to picture what life would be without hinoti. net "Oh, my love I" she sobbed, "will yi care for me? Shall I wait for you all in long? Shall I call, and hear but the eeil° my own voice? Shall I love you year after YeA: and be no nearear to you than I am now ? Frederick, if it be in the power of woman to wt you, I will win you—l will devote my life to te` task." And then and there she made this vow whit influenced her future life, and made of it one tragedy. She vowed that she would win his love--ce..r other woman should—that her beauty, and the ilco: nature had lavished upon her, should all be use," ;,;a this one purpose. Even as she had had fineYQ-1,-e, love, so she would have undying patience. would never weary; she would bear all his ee'`o ness with gentleness, but she would win biel 1,0 the end; it might be long years, but she would WI his love, or no other woman should. rat, Over and over she repeated those we?i, vehemently to herself, until that one idea was:s one purpose of her life. The nex r, day societY considerably shocked by the annm,ficement t", the engage neat between handsome Frecleri'ica Thornton and Vivian Courtney, the beant"- heiress, was broken. Vivian's father heard the report confirmed bYIIIII • daughter's lips, with a face white with rage. vr "He has gone too far with this matter to drit,i back now, Vivian," he cried. " must—he sill live up to every letter of his agreement, or he wi answer to me, your father, for it." In all her life Vivian had never seen her father • so terribly moved, or worked up into such ble passion. Be strode toward the door and flung it op!,s taking something bright and gleaming from desk as he passeu it, and thrr .uin,g it into e' breast-pocket. "What would you do, fat 7 ?" cried Vivis,h% springing toward him and catching his arm in wildest alarm. "I am going to see I hat he marries you this v day, according to contract,—or give me satisfse" tion 1" he thundered. (To be continv,ed ). a terri•

SHOW TIIIS TO SOME WOMAN. ot m I will Bend a valuable. instructive, and highly i.eor bore book which eve,y woman would be glad neto Contains important and confidential advice and to ,d the married and single how to keep healthy and avo,looll anxieties Bo d!streslimr, to the sex. Sent free, ,ealecl, for one stari,p to cover postage. A-ODRFSS : Professor E. LASALLE, 17. Eastbourne Te°Ce Psddinston, London. W

T 0 WLE'S C HLORODYNE A,k j[uorotier.tsr * T 0 WLE'SC HLORODYNE T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE RELlscol T 0 WLE'SCHLORODYNE C°l/61418' T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE INF"zszl' BRoNCIIISIB' T 0 W LE'S C HLORODYNE T 0 WLE' SCHLO R OD YNE AST T 0 WLE'S CHLOR 0 DYNE D'Annne, SPASMS. TO W LE'S C HLORODYNE 3dl et 30°' A.,P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER. 4 't hat line full &cloth, sis perf-etly clean, •iy se' MAlollLti-, CLEANSISIC'S b.teit that is ealn

• . yialvelf/TA, G. GIVE ]AS G AND COMFOGT DURING TOT— Plea.ant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all A•ge°' lry them and prove their value for yourselves. et fre° Sold everywhere in packets, Is. l nid. and 28. 9dd or •

14 or 34 stalnps,

J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST. °s.) CHEADLE, MANCHESTER (late Chorlton-r

. , ----.------------ 41, THE PLAGUE OF A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Oottgb' TIIE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: Which may be CURED now by IMMED A'..... ,ii. the " Little iCoLghly"Sli 0 HALL'S RESTORER T UNG FOR INFLUENI) _L. Registered AND ALL •-• vac, LUNG AND 1111 RESTORER EODIPLAJNTa' fi YOWS o Never Fails. It POSSESSES Vtlic LUNG to SOOIHE. Reitl!, 10 0 RESTORER HEAL, which axis- other preparation. , T UNG FOR COUGHS Oil co' -A-J p ESTOR ETt . 00/0 NG-A-110 Never Fails. It NEVER FAIL 4 t,ar I u INSTANT ERL" _4 RESTORER T UN G 1-4 RESTORER HILBsuDFABIRTssooToTTPIiI O ;I TL!. INDUCES SI, OEl' LUNGDO RESTORER LAUDANUM. 0' Never Pails MORPHIA. LUNGFoilCalmandNOT WHOC:7II4 RESTORER • r uNG 1-4 RESTORER Children like _ 1 gOrri'll. Never Fails IT ACTS LIICB A iCt.1114.14°. ,: ONE HALL'S 1320. NrAIAIS' - I Registered ESTABLIST RESTORERTUNQ .pnovEs ITs 0,03 - O~ 4 1 " OU) DISVS3 1 GIVES INSTANT NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. FAtl4o' I g 130113311'.-- 1 EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNII4- optom , 1 T,.,Mrxts.rM. r.rArto. Smith,OL.r-pl,l,atpi I testify to the great benefit derived from the use o Lioroa ~ ' RESTORER, which I WACO EHAORM es li tO r, - Girl" en aOf ii: oi tie ,rope tid rii : given to spverai tt'r'e marl, ,my Home-in two eases particularly its effects ve ci 0 pleas bous• having cured most obstinate COUghs• I 'ha I tO recommend it to all my friends." [ 1009 le - thilig , CAU TION. -When you ask, ask for art -0att of e t rasS, ttie LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to cc I, ,_e 00 else. Upon the outside wrapper of every gf nogignat '- 140-ars my Trade Mark (the figure a HOPE) r - tles' Bev, are oi fraudulent imitations awl innovations.. . ooilltot ift ,illuil9',,, t), Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere 1, id. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any t., 1 p,LP,_,, obi sluing, it will be sent carriage Piaci. ueen for the amount, from THOS. HALL, 24 . 0 . tt re.t, London, on receipt ovictorip

1 i I

I

bai 41, eel by te,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-..•••=1

===== 0002601_18950420_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 , i 1

t 1

===== 0002601_18950420_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
t 1 •

DPI tp NI fat

D thit qf 11 4, 1:4

Iz du, Ugh tuft

===== 0002601_18950420_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT AILED THE FIRE?

rh° Cools really weather of autumn was come. After sunset t he Was a frosty feel in the air. "We had better make up a little fire in the grate to-night," said nIY wife ; "it's chilly sitting here without." " Yes," said I, "Let us make the fire now." So I went at it Putting on plenty of dry wood and coals enough to light it uP nicely. But it was no use—the fire wouldn't burn. It would just spit and sputter and make a smudge fit to Pot your eyes out. We gave it up and went to bed early. Next morning I investigated and found the chimney neatly closed with swallows' nests. The wood was tight, the coal was right, but the draught wasn't. I evicted the swallows,and cleared away their halatations, Result : Next night a good fire and pure air. Dear me! Stich a simple thing is hardly worth telling, is it. Perhaps not, but here is our friend, Mr. Joseph Smith, Neho talks like this: " I had no relish for my meals," he time NOW, why not? The meals were good, he had ,ime to eat, he needed the refreshment:tood would give him; but all the same he hesitated, as though meat, Potatoes, tarts, Atc., were thing to look out for and guard ainet. This was not his habit; not at all. He and "I meals had always been on the best of terms until BePtenlber, 1891. Then they fell out. He speaks of it Thus "I took:a chill in harvest time, and seemed to ose all Power and energy. I couldn't imagine what had "cinle over me. There was a bad, coppery taste in my toouth, and what little I did eat gave me pain at the Chest and side. I was constantly spitting up a sour 4,,tikl 'and belching wind. After a while my breath got Ih'ortt and I was so weak I could scarcely walk across the ii°er. In a few weeks I lost nearly two;fstone in Weight. I consulted" two doctors, but was none the I better for the medicines they gave me. They didn't 113 Pear to know what ailed me. One of them said, 'The I.l°Bller yo, get into the infirmary the better.' " On the strength of this I obtained a recommenda- ' and in November, 1891, I went to the Lincoln v,ln- After being there seven weeks I returned "Ine as bad as ever. But lam glad I went to Lincoln, nevertheless, for there I met a friend wholadvised me to re 11P taking drugs:and docters' stuff and, instead, to 11 Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I got a bottle from aprp'eStilltaer,l/ythe chemist, and in a few days I had some food agreed with me, and my breathing :::I,;easier. After that I went straight ehead,gradually ;-"'n'A' stronger and stronger, and all the credit of my 4covery is due to Seigel's Syrup. If you think fit you tittrtielat: liberty to publish the facts in my case. Your! Y (Signed), JOSEPH Slam, Rectcry-st,, Epworth, via °neuter, ,December 23rd, 1892." r.Sharp , the chemist named by Mr. Smith, remem- :ttk.thsets.tehsrtealtastrsteern'st illness, and can vouch for the accuracy having read our friend's plain and clear-headed e for We need hardly ask again why he had no relish 144:14 Meals. The reason is the stomach, afflicted with Restion and dyspepsia, sore, torpid, and inflamed, teati in no condition to handle food. The more it re- thlt_e,cl the worse off it was. It was like our fire under cooked chimney—the more coals the more smoke Zidinatidge. So the oppressed stomach sent up wfard tne cPalate, "Don't give me any more material to DbaT: '4l; I can do nothing with it." On this the 'Polled its owner's appetite (in his own interest), Waited for help. (14,111,111eiP came, finally, in the form of Mother Seigel's ski-"ve Syrup, which put the digestive machine in PIZ again. Then the stomach telegraphed to the Turn on the appetite and send down the food; 411°W in shape to attend to business." bee: to Mr. Smith's chill in the ha rvest field, that came fre 118 e his blood was poisoned by the indigestion, not °trill, cold, People often freeze to death without a sign th hat we call a " chill." Fires don't go out because e 'weather is cold.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Ar. 111711.00 RX RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

1 - . DUTtitle klit annual meeting of this Council was held at 144°4 VVorkhouse on Tuesday. There were present :7 .7. wolli• 4. Mclntyre, J. P., Joseph Knowles, W.Bradfoc, W. Turner, James Whitlow, G. Priestner, J. 4. lila' B. Chadwick, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, T.Wrig 1t , 13Dru"."8, a. ' bamee, E. Bratherton, J. W. Baguley, W. Pickering, T. '4rettizigt", J. M. Williams, H. E. Heywood, J. Bran- & p ' W• Holt, A. Greenway, S. Horton, S. Woodward, II art, J. Datil shire' J. L. Jones, C. Roylance, C. o°llll4 lY' -. 4 he d , A dmiral :Jones-Parry, J. Ashton (clerk), and ; Spee,B"ton (deputy clerk), J. Farrington (nuisance in- and Dr. Adams (medical officer).

-,kr. Itt-LIICTION OF ,CHAIMEAN AND VICE CHAIRMAN.

ft-no-wles proposed, and Mr. Aaron seconde. eo,thsoat. Mclntyre be Chairman of the Council forthe R • at Yeat• The motio was carried unanimi.msi y vo'lleilling the motion was position Mr. heM.fclniaty.oremsiesidtiohge thert' like to express the pleasure , tenth4ll again round the table. That p'easurewaswvheiorhy by henhanced by the unanimous mannerwi ,tsijead voted him to the chair. He took .t with that his had met with their approbation 19 clays gone tiC thank ed them for their kindness in the way DP4,2;0 supported the chair.—Mr. Branclret atitn• ffir.Williams seconded, and it was crrried un kr Uily,that Mr. Knowles be the vice-chairman.— bad •"-tlowles thanked the members for the hcnour they e°nferred upon him. bkr r, THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEES. 'PO66 'eYWOOd proposed that the parish council of he the parochial committee under that c:oun- t'DpoZ,t•Williams seconded.—Mr. Brandreth said he l , the motion He thought if they bad parochial , they should consist of members of that heytid-tk,nuncii He would move an amendment thh at . Lati not have a parochial committee consisting of the . Weir seconded the amendment.— , tuYNhire supported it.—Mr. Woodward stated 1,-.6l)afochial committee could not bind the council •wail• btrienditure. Mr. Heywood said if Mr. Branclisreers l'ltlnß to make a parochial committee from inetn *totim-Z eounoil how was he going to control the work in Itererita,_ that was being performed daily. When they a-a, 'ng about Frodsham, they referred to a district "uast ''°Dulation of 3,500 who were dependent upon ' taroert attention, which could only be given by .t Vehe blarligt:rittee They had the important questions er,,tinenti,„ , Of the streets, sewers which were 1:11:19 Oute order, and. other matters before them. , rapidly getting into. an urban populat • ion aDo, da,..rati said he would like to confirm what Mr. • vol:;" `4lcl said. The resolution was carried by 13 to ~fieccnuf,," Lewis proposed, and Mr. Woodwrar an• . d l a' casried that the Parish tkil:.;p4.,,,oncfhisilfrodshawm Lordship shoald form committee—On the motion of trhl`lties, seconded by Mr. Heywood, it was decided 1 !-,aitt4 rarish Council of Appleton form the parochial ' Ifili-ar,,,tes for that tocanshie.—Mr. Wright proposPd,Mr. • t,18.8s eonded.and it was agreed to, that the Parish 'Qat tc,;°' Halton Should be the parochial committee for THE SURVEYORS. 'OP - 130,,,Swinton late surveyor to the Daresbury High- ' Ptin„;"„wrcte hating that before finally deciding on ,ked Lae office rf surveyor of highways 5t,3.. he h 5 definitely definitely the district,the milage of roads, that were required as sanitary inspector. way 80 ..uarn Diggle, late of the West Eddisbury High. 104 th. 4.71 81id that he would accept the appointment "Ilaed the Council most heartily for choosing The ;1111' TREATMENT OF INFECTIOUS DISEASES. Illlttet.ekTt (4 the Infectious Diseases Hospital Com- -1,°4 thQ Vas submitted by Mr. Williams. It stated that ' ation of Mr. Woodward, seconded by Mr. was agreed with Dr. Vascher as to the ▪ Permanent hospital, and recommended - cil le sites Plans of tie •selected b the Rural District to the Local Government tOr ti f Board their _ orwarded I itfil2repe 04?tP,_roval or otherwise. The s committee did not ofejteotrer, burtosuegognfmiueen to o poisierchtase portablee dis- h stationary diem- tttie 4itild that another van be purchased in order that a iPrectetab°llaPd far the conveyance to the disinfe tor tttltle, ,I.!lrtlcles, and the other for conveying such .11rther after being disinfected, The committee iiatiaire, tCSoIV d e that all articles be disinfected free oo! ar -i‘.‘" that if in the opinion of the Inspector f i!tiatiees it than Wou es ld be l expense to destroy any 8 to disinfect them, bem,it be an instruction to ?se such articles to be destroyed pursuant to ef the Public Health Act, 1875. He moved ltiOß of the minutes, which was approved

CAuse

Dr rite o. . Ad. ...w3Traa or HINGSLRY SCHOOLS. "Is rePorted the absence of a tare number of r,°lll iiinp;ley School, through the prevalence ' It was decided on the !nation of Mr.Aaroon, )3, Mr.Woodward,that the managers be recm - close the institution for a fortnight. Plkt NSW BUILDINGS. 151.°D0 B,,were submitted and approved for nine .houses 4t Nile' t° be erected b Mr. Mounfield, Warrington, l'e.tom,(ltt(ln Rethy * kr_ -...41 en a. as recommended by the Appleton rnrnittee. A certificate of occupation was '°llfles ~.,Mr• Enoch Blythe, of Helsbv, for four ne 'Nis at "ImisbY. The water supply was satisfactory. concluded the business. ;,,liilArn (4,rt'aPers thi of Queen Elizabeth there is a memoran- ted -0...,11if1ZS paid for one of the ruffs she de- -mur. The" setting sticks." by which the made to stand out from the neck, were two ILI" eatral Making the tctal cost 19 shillings..

TILE INDUL,TRIA ',-;l.`f 1J AT ON,

4actr- tt4i on 121 of. Cr

Co4R 'tnlat

Of Zreq Pt N. 0441118 ra tided en4d tob:

===== 0002601_18950420_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950420_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ion. to ea A ,o,ip r aro -4,1- naArTea pleoo tIA-q:d9 oyetisre x. roar. !glow oottlei,„' ;ult r vwtor

===== 0002601_18950420_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MR. U. (Continued.)

Other matters are, as I have said, in the previous article, private ownership of land, private owner- ship of all the means of transportation and all such matters as come daily within the ken of us all. It must be clear to all that the life we now lead is a highly artificial one. Instead of diminishing, our daily wants are steadily increasing, and yet the tendency is to make cheaper, and yet cheaper every thing that is brought into the house. 1, and others, are constantly complaining of the evils of competi- tion. Do we understand it? Do we understand the money question? Not a bit of It. Competition it is, I suppose, that enables me to buy flour at 90 cents a sack of 501bs. Three years ago for the same weight I gave a dollar and 40 cents. Sirloin of beef is 4d. a lb., and a leg of mutton is bought for the same money. 'three years ago this meat would have cost from 81. to 93. a lb. A fair pair of boots can be had for Bs., but a good suit of clothes will cost ..£B, and a hard felt hat 103. If we look into these figures a little we see very cogent reasons why the Socialist programme should be adopted. We in America produce more flour than we require, and home competition, where it can have full and fair play, keeps it down in price. Our surplus you in England get, and the Argentina, Russian and legyptian flour competes with it, forming a!formidable barrier against which the British farmer cannot hope to prevail, under pre- sent conditions. We now feed the pigs with wheat, because we find that wheat pays best when changed into the unclean swine. When fishermen catch too much fish, they throw it overboard rather than glut the market and so bring prices down. When nature gives us a bountiful harvest the far- mers put their heads together and wisely conclude that everything is going to the dogs, and the amount of acreage under the plough must be re- duced. The amount of fruit now grown in Cali- fornia and the quantity of wine pressed is simply ruining the State, and the wine presser and the fruit grower are in the ridiculous position of not daring to lower the pro- duction, lest it remain as it is, or increase it. Every shoe store, and every clothing store is crammed to the ceiling with goods, and every tradesman is anxious to spend heaps of money in advertising the public that he is selling his goods below cost price. " Ruinous sales," and " must be sold because we want cash," are advertisements that meet one at every turn in an American city. A simple minded man might think these tradesmen were lunatics to so advertise their ruin, but the better the business man the more advertising. So it appears that the more corn we grow the poorer we get. The more shoes we make, the more bare feet thereare around, the more clothes and the more rags. Don't laugh at the folly of all this, and question its truth, because you know that when stocks get large in your forges things are looking bad, and that when the coal heaps become too high around the pit's mouth either the miner or his employer will take about limiting the output. Generally the employer adopts the correct business method of offering a cut in wages, this usually brings about the desired strike, and then the employer can piously raise his selling prices, and so7make money out of his Christian brothers' adversity. What a mad world this is. Now if we only manufactured what we really wanted, and every body did a little towards supplying his own wants, and those of the infirm and aged, and no one was seeking his own personal profit. What a happy world this would be. I say again, don't laugh because Utopian though it may appear, some of us have read in -an old book about a good time that was to come when the sword should be beaten into the plough share, and the lion should lie down with the lamb. Perhaps this was all a fable; who knows? The only people have ever met with who denied point blank the adaptability of the ethics of Jesus Christ to the every day life of this world were people who called themselves Christians, and seemed in a mighty hurry to call me infidel. This sort of people per- secuted Mr. Bradlaugh to the death, and then he- slavered his memory with their meaningless praises. The past few years have been pretty hard ones for the American working men. Large armies, made up of the unemployed,have been marshalled and led on to Washington, there to be sold by officialdom that they were not wanted, and must disperse, or the gaol doors would be opened to them. In War- rington the unemployed have been led to the Town Hall there to be met again by officialdom and told to go about their business, while their leader was told something very much more pointed. One would think that it was quite sufficient if Mr. Price was an Englishman to justify him in speaking to, and leading a body of Englishmen. If we could look at this question equarely,it seems to me that we ought to be thoroughly ashamed of ourselves for our utter childishness. It is right for a town to invite a stranger to represent it in Parliament, but it is not right for the poor ignorant workman to invite a stranger to lead them to the Town Hall, strange, very strange. Men are our most abject slaves on election days ; when in office they are our masters. Previous to election they are willing to kiss all our babies; they are even willing to turn our wangles. hut hen elected, we must not even go to our own Town Hall, and plead for work, or bread for our little ones. Are all these crowds of unemployed. thriftless, drunken half demented creatures? If so, what, and who has made them so? Are they, or are they not the outcome of vile social conditions that existed before they were born? Before litera- ture and education were made popnlar, we can understand why might should be right. Now the case is altered, tbe man who is right should have might en his side, and the man who insists in Ipreaching from the housetops the fact that the old order has changed and must give place to the new ! and better, is the man who has right on his side and the people must aid him with their might. All

===== 0002601_18950420_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Eczema, Rabies, Sunburn, all Skin Affections, Joints, Twinges in the back, Toothache, Chilblains, Lumbago, Strained Muscles, -,atism of years standing can be got rid of at once with

===== 0002601_18950420_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
.. • • w,,, , • , - ~.4,, • . , ‘.,.. • ' ' ~ , titrisike,t. .'n..- •-'-'7

The thing that Cures

S'l6. eurn, .4 ---..............„....,- .......--- --:•_-:::-1:.---1:1- y -----:, ',..r.,- , A, ...,',.,&.'„if:•,,, .e..`,„\—‘, •,...,.. , ,• . <,7,"'.41" °:-57'' '., \ \ `` 4.4- A.,,, ' '''AM'Sk (f ''' '1"";*1 .W.---..4.7--=:-.‘,2*:-‘t __ -..,...\• .. N•r 1 ,-1,.,:,....4. ~- \ ... . • ... :.- 4:- .1 i. . \ t...." 16.1.. N • --- ' \ !'...e,,. r.` •'- ... . •.?)--t- kJ\ N t .. __ _ .. --._- ....4 s ......;;" ,',... 4_.'..". ..,,,t`•lrke. „,, ''''','"ige N ...._ ._ . . .. , . , -'-'.,,,•5,/.0,' ....... ~,,.. , ...•-•,' ' . , ... .. ~ . ~..... .. _ •-. -..... ... ...... . ( _ , __ _ _ _ - -- - --..........: •T,'" 1-., .::;>-- -- ....:.--:-.:- .:. . "-_,-- _ - . -_---.-:-------------'>.- . /. - , ...,...„,.....;::.:.::::;„- ---..-.... r ..1....---.0., . - __..--- - - diciamijo. . --, . _ - ,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

It instantly Touches

the

===== 0002601_18950420_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SPOT

AFFLICTED.

Homocea—as a pain-relieving curative lubricant—has no rival in the world of healing remedies for Piles, Cuts, Burns, Bruises, &c. It will stop a vere Influenza Cold like magic.

TESTIMONIAL FROM IR. "HOMOCEA" CURES EVERYTHING. FROM H. M. STANLEY. HOME REMEDY. HIGH BARNET. LORD CARRICK says HOMOOEA cured him Whitehall, London. BOYS' BRIGADE AND HOME, My dear old Friend, .f bleeding piles, when all else failed; that he "Dear Sir,—Your oint- Newcastle and Gateshead, distributed a Variety of yc t ave some to a labourer who was lamed by =lent, called HOMOCEA, April 18th, 1894. remedies among afilic,,. .tone falling upon him, whom it cured. A woman R found to be the most "Dear Sir,—Homocra is everything that can natives, and among mission- had a pain in the elbow and could not bend it for thing and efficacious be desired to have in a Home such as ours. I &ries in Sierra Leone, Liberia, year, and it cured her, and another used it forl lent that I could ,may tell you that I am more than pleased with it. Coast of Guinea, Congo .curvy on her leg, and it was doing her good—onel ibly have for my frac- ye have had several cases of torn feet, through Country, and Angola, South' letter closes from him with the words, "It is the d limb, as it seems...o tm e. c., and in every case, Homoclice has of Congo. I have used moss wonderful stuff that I ever Came across." f 'thin longer than any .' Iworiced wonders. For sores, blows, bruises, boils, HoliocEa and have proved that oleaginousnessand cuts it nisite for ts it soon makes all healthy again. Ido its healing virtue both for LADY VINCENT, 8, Ebury i Street, London, perfect intend to be without it in our Brigade Home. severe bruises and flesh says: "Homocea is such an incomparable appli- efficient massage. "Yours faithfully, wounds, and also to kill the cation for Rheumatic Neuralgia, that she wishes ~ fault of embroca• "C. E. Tour.nisosr.a virus of mosquitoes and to have two more tins sent." ions generally, is that chiggoes (jiggers).—Yours very truly, I - .. they harden and require says Holmes', did LORD COMBERMERE warmth, whereas yours, besides being particularly ,:)r such as would in any sense tend .to render its . (Bishop) WM. TAYLOR. • • aromatic, is as •soft as oil, and almost imtantly,use unsafe, even in the hands of persons utterlr him more good than any embrocation he had a ,unskilled in the application of healing reraedias. ' American Methodist Eliscdal Mission•lever used for rheumatism. t• Yours faithfully, Harm M. STANLEY. ' Imollifying in the case of severe infiammation. ' " —....xtract from HEALTH. Homocea is a remedy that should always be in the house. People will get burnt, bruised, and hurt in various ways; A Cold in the head will come on without warning. Homocea used as snuff will check it. Remember! Homocea allays irritation, and subdues inflammation at once. Sold by Chemists &c.. at IS. ijid. and 25. 94 per box, orfree by post from the Homocea Co., 2r, Hamilton Sistare, Birkenhead, for rs. jd, and as.

your

BISHOP TAYLO] Jur ted 1141) Igo ~t th ;3t, A 4,1111 I", , 4

se TESTIMONIAL

, ~ : itk .',.-, t, -.1 „ . / 40' , f. le /

was sootl ungui possil tured .to ret i other, so reqi and r The tio-

===== 0002601_18950420_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. \ _

===== 0002601_18950420_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE E KAIVIINEP, sAT TJPDA y, APRIL 20, 1895.

officialdom is, or should be the servant of th+ people. Thi, is a doctrine that should appeal to neither class or plejudice. but to sound common sense, and a man who has hitherto prided himself on being a Tory and who now finds himself a Conservative Socialist Would have me for a fellow-worker, but in a different camp. The fact that stands out. in bold- est relief to-day is the one that tells us that no class of men, no body of men is satisfied with things as they are. The manufacturer and the workmen are feeling their way to more amicable relationship, as witnessed to in your own Chamber of Commerce debates recently. The landowner and the tenant would hail with joy any practical scheme that would give them more liberty and thus make the land of some use. The rich speculating capitalist would sleep with more comfort if lie ' could do so without dreaming of electrical contriv- ances for catching burglars, or that when he died his body would not be kidnapped, or that, while living his children would not be stolen. Surely the unrest is all around us,then why so much objection to what I have before called experimental Social- ism. It is now too late to ignore or oppose Social- i,in as an idea. Our industrial order has reached its last form of life and expression. Among the masses it has degenerated out of old-time neigh- bourly competitive rivalry into the questions as where the next job and meal are to come from, or who are to be the next victims of commercial can- nibalism. Among capitalists it has evoluted into the " combine," where all individual conscience and responsibility are stifled, if not altogether ignored, while greed and selfishness are abnormally developed and stimulated in the pursuit of unlaw- ful spoils, and dividends on watered stocks. Keir liardi's Socialism would take the unem- ployed on a voyage of pillage. The evolutionary Socialist, or if Mr. Bennett likes it better, the Con- servative Socialist would give his whole thought and intelligence to construction, seeking the pos- sible, and so, by experience making the experimen- tal of today the sure foundation of the construc- tion of to-morrow. One of the two ways will cer- tainly be adopted before we are much older; it re- mains for the thoughtful intelligence of the world to say which shall it be. I am somewhat of opinion that we look at this question from too narrow a standpoint. While the rich man will scheme and try all he knows to keep his wealth, the poor man will certainly try as hard to keep as:far away as possible from the mere subsistence point. The poor might reasonably be . invited to look outside of themselves, and see what mother nature was doing for them. If it is found that the forces of nature are at work in a thousand different ways grinding out slowly yet surely material for our use, why should we not seek through the ballot box, to make certain things un- lawful and lawful, and so make Socialism the law of the land step by step. It should be unlawful for the individual to own land and its wealth of bottled sunshine. Mr. Bennett and I would at once vote for its confiscation and make it lawful only for the State to own land. Confiscation would be our motto, and our aim would be the commonweal. The inventor, would find himself displacing the mere man of ancient lineage, and he who discovered a new force in nature would realise the fact that a new aristocracy was growing up of which he was a shining light. Such a man as Edison would cease to be the mere tool of a "com- bine," and would know that his name had indeed become a household word. Do Socialists dream? I think not. The discovery of the " Oscillator," by Tesla will reduce to old bell metal half the machi- nery at present moving on the face of the globe. The discovery of the electro magnet will clear out the hated iron clad, while the adoption of the type setting machine will make cheap literature possible without charity's aid. 807, Page-st., San Francisco.

NARROW ESCAPE OF THE RESIDENT ENGINEER. In consequence of the successful removing of the dam- aged gates, the Hispania, belonging to Messrs. Henderson Bros., and the Keernum, of the China Mutual Steam Navigation Company, which had been lying at Eastham were notified that the Canal was clear,and the Hispania, which was followed later on by the Beemum, entered the lock about half-past three in the afternoon of Monday. She had come slowly up the Canal in charge of two tugs, the pilot of the owners, as well as the Canal superin- tendentsl along the various sections being also on board. The Hispania did not proceed beyond Latchford. where she remained all night. Precautionary soundings were taken immediately before the Hispania arrived at Latchford,and these proving satisfactory the lower gates were opened,and the vessel came leisurely through. The Hispania having cleared,one dreaded result of the recent accident vanished, and it was seen that with two gates the lock could be satisfactorily worked and vessels carried over the top of the wrecked gates. The raising of the gates is, however, a matter of no small difficulty, and it is expected that before they can be got out the water in the lock will have to be lowered to more than its normal extent. A ceetrifugal pump has been erected to pump the big lock out if found necessary. When raised the gates will be carried to a point opposite the old shed at Thelwall, where they were constructed. There they will be repaired. A startling, and unpleasant incident to one gentle- man occurred during the operations of the Ranger. The resident engineer, Mr. Congreve, who has been exceed- ingly energetic in connection with the salvage opera- tions, was in the act of stepping across a plank which connected the Ranger with the quay, when the ship sheered off a little, and, the plank slipping, Mr. Con- greve and the plank were together precipitated into the water. Mr. Congreve went clean out of sight, and some sensation was of course caused on the Ranger and on the canal banks by his sudden immersion. It was not long before he reappeaeed above the water,and then he struck out bravely for the iron ladder running up the lock wall. He fortunately gripped this at once and clambered out nimbly. Beyond a pod drenching and a slight shock to the system, the resident engineer was apparently none the worse for his adventure.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIGHTS OF POST-OFFICE

SERVANTS.

Mr. Arnold Morley, the Postmaster General, having been asked by Mr. J. A. Murray Macdonald, M.P., what are the rights of the servants of the Post-office with regard to combination, has sent to Mr. Macdonald a copy of a letter he recently addressed to a correspond- ent who had asked a similar question. In that letter he affirms that all the privileges whichtrade unionists enjoy are acaorded to the unions of postal officials. What, as the head of the Department, he is linable to concede is something quite different. Re has always been open to receive deputations, but be has declined, and will continue to decline, to allow them to be accompanied either by members of Parliament or by other persons not actually in the service of the Post-office. In this he I has followed a well-understood rule of the Civil Service, hut he is anxious as far as possible to afford all classes of employes the fullest opportunity of approaching him.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEIRD STORY,

It is a remarkable story which Mr. Wells is contribut- ing to the pages of the 'New Review." Mr. Wells has hit upon a very striking conception, and one of gruesome horror. Projecting himself over a thousand years by the aid of his convenient Time Machine, he arrives on the site of London in the twenty-ninth century. He finds himself among an amiable, refined, and delicate race of men, who have lost all the virile virtues.and are haunted by what is to him at first an inexplicable fear ofthe dark. After a time he discovers that these graceful creatures who dwell in the light and sunshine on the world's sur- face constitute one section of the human race, represent- ing the ultimate product of a superfine civtlisation which had driven the proletariat underground. There the workers had increased and multiplied, accustoming themselves to the darkness. They emerged from their subterranean haunts in the darkness of the night and carried off the helpless and unresisting aristocrats of the surface to supply their larder! The future, according to this fancy of Mr. Wells. will belong to the cannibals, who will preserve the men of the upper world as men now preserve pheasants for the table.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SIIIP CANAL.

LATCHFORD LOCK GAT 4 SNI ASH ED.

The first accident in connection with the Latch- ford Locks occurred under serious circumstances on Thursday afternoon last week about five o'clock. An eve-witne—; states that the steamship " Harold," a medium sized boat, owned by Messrs. Edwards and Robe,tson, Manchester, and outward bound from Manchester was signalled to enter the 450 ft. lock—the size of the large lock when the inter-mediate gates are closed. -Instead of slowing down, however, the vessel apparently came full speed ahead, and passing through the open outer gates she crashed her bows on to the gates at the closed end. The impact was terrific,and the right hand gate was torn completely from its hinges and hurled into the water, where it sank at the entrance to the lock from the Liverpool end The remaining gate was forced partly from its fas- tenings, and hung half-submerged by the roller chains from the lock-wall. The vessel, of course, after passing the gates had a sudden drop of Ifift. to the lower level of water on the Warrington side of the locks. This, with the immense volume of water behind, -.mused her to plunge deeply into the seething turmoil below. The force of the blow made an enormous crash, while the water rose and half covered the'quivering "Harold," whose crew 90 suddenly awakened to their danger, shrieked aloud as the vessel went down. Fortu- nately, after the collision the boat righted herself, but was dashed against the wall before she could g(-t free. Meanwhile,the officials seeing the impend- ing calamity and the impossibility of averting it, put on the engines to close the top gates and stop the rush of water. The result was that the gates instead of coming steadily and meeting at a safe angle were separated, and one, the left hand one, went in front of the.other, so that the latter came directly behind it and with a resounding crash drove it forward, so that the immense structure is bent into a curve while the water still rushes through the uneven joining and strained hinges. After leaving the lock,the "Harold," whose bow-plates near the water line were stove in, rounded the corner and was moored to the bank in the sluice-bay. Here the water in the ballast tank was released to lighten her, and says the on- looker, it poured in a steady stream through the fissures in the plate. No one on board was injured but a small fiat working at the bank close by was so violently upheaved hy the sudden rush of water that a workman was thrown off into the canal. He was immediately recovered, however. Later on in the evening the position of affairs was critical from several reasons. At the top of the lock the gates were PO jammed that a body of water about 10ft, long was pouring through the fissure with threatening violence. Inside the lopk the water was greatly agitated and appeared likely to displace the remaining intermediate gate from its broken hinges. Each gate is of ponderous green heart, weighing 300 tons, and the one sunk prevented the outer gates being closed to relieve the pressure. Looked at calmly the gate presented a very wrecked appearance. Its top platform of 3m, planks was split across, while the sheets of iron at the butt were twisted and broken in all directions. On the opposite wall where only the socket of the other gate was left,there was not much to see but what there was, was very signific- ant. The bolts with which the structure was originally supported, though 3i inches thick were snapped asunder like the proverbial carrot. Accord- ingly, there was nothing between the higher and lower reaches of the canal but the damaged lock gates. To all appearance the gate was gradually giving way to the pressure, and little wonder the officials worked with might and main to stave off the impending disaster. Needless to say, if the gate gave way before the lower gate was closed, the re- sult would be disastrous, and it would practically have involved the draining of the upper waters of the' canal from lrlam locks, and in such a manner that the immense rush would certainly very greatly damage the canal as well as any vessel which might be between Irlam and Latchford. As it is,until the lock gates have been repaired, larger vessels will be prevented from using the canal, as they have to make use of the large lock, and it is of course use- less in its present state. Large numbers of people visited the lock as soon as the nature of the acci- dent became known.

Mr. Hunter, the chief engineer of the canal, was soon on the spot, and arrangements made for rais- ing the sunken gate. A diver was sent down and the position of the impediment examined. Consequent on the large lock being blocked by the gate,all the vessels small enough were tompelled to use the lesser lock. Some apprehension was felt as to the larger vessels which were expected. It would be impossible to let them through and the conse- quent delay would entail great expense. Strenu- ous endeavours were made to effect a clearance,but up to Wednesday night nothing material bad been effected.

On Thursday the officials were unable to affect any clearance of the broken gates though the tug "Gladiator "and a huge flat with a powerful winch mounted upon it has been at work. We understand that the driver have been down and attached chains to the sunken gate, but the machinery at present available was not powerful enough to remove it. No attempt has yet been made to place the top gates in proper position, that being impossib.e, but pre- cautions has been taken in the shape of ponderous chains and ropes rove round the mooring stumps fixed on the lock wall and from them to the over- taxed gates. To create further confusion the traffic on the Canal has been great since the disaster, so that the remaining lock has been kept constantly occupied letting the vessels through. Our represen- tative was informed on good authority that there, is every likelihood of all the vessels, big and little at present in Manchester being accommodated in the centre lock, so that the doubt existing in the minds of many will be dissipated.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORT OF THE CHIEF ENGINEER.-SERICUS

ALLEGATION.

The following is the official report of the Company's engineer. It is addressed to the Directors : Engineer's Office, Manchester, 13th April, 1895. My Lord and Gentlemen,—At about 5.10 p.m. on Wed- nesday, the 10th instant, the s.s. Harold, of Glasgow, belonging to Messrs. Colville and Co., of that city, after having called at Partington to load bunker coal, entered the 650 ft. lock at Latchford at a speed estimated at eight miles per hour. The lock was all ready for the reception of thE vessel, the upper gates being open, and the lock- master and piermen were all at their posts waiting for her. The speed at which the Harold was approaching the lock had been observed by the lockinaster, who repeatedly hailed the ship, instructing the captain to go full speed astern. The captain appeared then to be making attempts to communicate with his engineer but apparently without success, as the vessel rushed through the lock at the same speed at which she had entered it, crashed through the intermediate gates, leaped the drop of 16ft. from the Latchford pond to the estuary level, and watkonly brought up at a short dis- tance above the railway viaduct. The engineer of the company, having spent the day in an inspection of the works of the estuary section, had just reached Latchford in the Florrie, which was then about to be locked up from the lower to the higher level ; the engineer was, therefore, upon the ground when the accident occurred, though unable to actually witness it from the position of the Florrie in the adjoining lock. Accompanied by Mr. Congreve and Captain Waring, the engineer boarded the Harold at once, and informed the I captain that the vessel (which was but little damaged) was not to be moved, but was to be tied up in the sluice way, as directed by him. The captain of the Harold was unquestionably under the- influence of drink, as were several others amongst the party he had on boatd with him. Amongst this party were Captain Dudley, the superintendent of the canal from Thelwall to Irlam, and Mr. Soratt, the berthing master at Partington. Of the intermediate gates the northerly leaf was car- ried completely away and deposited upon the gate plat- form of the lower gates, thus preventing them from being worked ; the southerly leaf, though not carried away, was torn from its fastenings and completely I wrecked. When Mr. Marshall, the lockmaster, saw that I a collision between the Harold and the intermediate I gates was inevitable, he at once attempted to close the upper gates, hoping to be able to get them together be- fore the complete destruction of the intermediate gates, and thus save the drawing off of the water from the Latchford pond. The extraordinary rapidity, however, with which the Harold broke through the intermediate gate prevented the upper gates from being closed in time, with the result that the rush of water caught the upper gates and drew them forward with such velocity that the southerly leaf was carried ahead of the norther- ly to an extent of at least five feet at the upper end of the mitrepost and the leaf strained in such a manner as to leave very little hope of its ultimate preservation. Preventive tackles were fixed to the upper gates, and I fortunately, although so severely strained, the gates held and supported the pressure eue to the head of water upon them. All the plant available for the purpose was immediately brought unon the ground, and several attempts were made to lift the sunken leaf of the inter- mediate gates, so as to enable the lower gates to be closed. These attempts were not successful, so the manager communicated with the Liverpool Salvage Company, with the result that the powerful salvage steamer Ranger was brought into the lock on Thursday evening, and after some difficulty succeeded on Friday, the 12th instant,in moving the gates sufficiently to allow the lower gates to be closed. When this was done and the water in the lock raised to the higher level it was found that the upper gates could be readily worked, and that after the collar-straps, Arc., had been readju.ted the gates had come back to thelr original shape in a way which could hardly have been expected, and although the gates were , damaged they were still in a condition which would ad- mit of their being used. This has removed the fear of a lengthened stoppage of the large lock at Latchford, and the efforts of the Ranger are now being directed to the removal of the two leaves of the wrecked gate, so that the lock may be available for traffic. The leaves of this gate will he placed upon the slope of the south side of the canal, abreast of the old gate shed which is still standing at Thel wall. The slipway is being constructed at that place, so that the gate may be hauled eut of the water and, if possible, repaired so as to be serviceable again. The Harold is still detainPd at Latchford under

the powers of a writ of attachment which has been ob- tained from the Admiralty Court. It is hoped it will be possible to lock the Hispania which is now in the canal at Eastham, through the large lock at Latchford on Monday next, which is a condition of things for which the most sanguine of per- sons could not have ventured to hope on Thursday list. I am, &c., • _ .

W. FIENRIr HUNTER, Engineer. STEAMER SUNK AT RUNCORN.

Early on Good Friday morning a collision occurred near the docks at Runcorn between the steamers Tele- graphic, going seawards, and the Hannah Beckett, of Liverpool, which was crossing the waterway from the Mersey to the Runewrn Docks. The cause is attributed to a misunderstanding as to the cods of whistles. For- tunately,theoutward-bound steamship was going slowly. As It was, however, she struck the Hannah Beckett amidships,and so smashed her bulwarks that she rapidly began to fill with water. The crew, consisting of H. Ainscow, of Cawder-st.,captain ; Thomas Potter, Balfour- et., engineer ; Thomas Houghton, Cambridge-st., fire- man ; and J. Wilson, Portland-A., mate, all of Runcorn, received prompt assistance from those belonging to the Telegraphic,and by means Of ropes were drawn on board that vessel. The injured vessel sank within two minutes of the collision. It is fortunate that she did not go down in mid-channel, for if she had traffic on the canal would have been considerably impeded, if not entirely stopped until she had been raised. The Hannah Beckett belongs to the Anglesea Limestone Co., and contained a cargo of macadam from Petmanmcewr, for Runcorn Docks, Mr. Thomas being the broker. Captain Metcalf, of the Telegraphic, which belongs to Messrs. G. L. Tap- Scott and Co., of London, states that his vessel has escaped without any damage whatever.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES, ETC.

MACMILLAN AND CO.—These publishers deter- mined wisely when they adjudged "Tom Cringle's Log" (Michael Scott) a place in their series of Illustrated Standard Novels. There are no doubt, many yet, so unfortunate as to be totally unac- quainted with this pseudo-autobiography. Like Marryat and Cooper, Michael Scott's ability runs largely seaward, though in the " Log " is to be found rdany a true and striking description of incident on land. His pictures of sea and seafaring life are beyond question, extremely vivid and picturesque, while in many instances the scene changes from impending tragedy, dark and terrible, to that of frolicsome and boisterous mirth. To the present edition, which in common with the others of the same series is handsomely bound, is a capable intro- duction by Mowbray Morris. This latter deals with the author's parentage and life, and includes a clever description of Scott's inimitable penman- ship. There are numerous illustrations, in which are embodied the notable characters in the story with faithful observance of detail and peculiarities. For these excellent rspresentations the reader is in- debted to Mr. J. Ayton Symington. HORACE Cox.—" The London Home Monthly " for April is replete in articles of varied description, but one type of excellence—the first. At the commencement are reproduced from the Lyceum Souvenir of "King Arthur," Mr. Bernard Patridge's fine representations of Mr. Henry Irving and Miss Ellen Terry as " King Arthur" and " Guinevere." These two drawings form the first instalment of a programme of contents which it would be hard to excel. Among the more particular are the follow- ing : " The Law as a profession," by four gentlemen quite capable of explaining the subject to the full; Police of the World," by George Ives; "The Boy- hood of Tennyson," by Arthur Waugh ; and lastly, a topic of prevailing interest—" Hypnotism and its Future," which is the outcome of a talk with an expert. The next number will contain the opening 'chapters of a short serial, entitled "Unto the third and fourth generation," by Hall Caine. JAMES Wmusro.—The 22nd edition of Willing's " British and Irish Press Guide " and advertisers' directory and handbook is incorporated with the present year. The uses of this book to advertisers, publishers, pressmen, and persons of almost every grade of trade, are innumerable, and all the infor- mation contained is thoroughly reliable, and com- prises the chief particulars of the press of the United Kingdom. Indeed we may conclude that what its compilers don't know is not worth know- ing. The price, Is., does not seem at all compatible with the amount of information obtainable, but we're not going to grumble. F. V. WHITE AND CO.—lnstesd of having to wait till Christmas we have this month received " The Major's Favourite " by John Strange Winter, who as usual clothes her, hero in a red Coat. Taken on the whole there is not quite as much variety and detail in the book, as in some of its predecessors. In it the author has endeavoured, and succeeded, in showing "the struggles of a young mind reared with all care and love, struggles between honour and affection, between right and wrong, between a conception of stern duty and the strength of faithful friendship." The whole foundation of the book turns upon the dead body of a huge St Betnard dog named Maxsie. Though of seeming triviality, the story retains its I interest, as the problem "who killed the dog," deepens. Carmine Drummond, the heroine, unfor- tunately becomes possessed of what she considers to be the solution to the question and which con- cerns the honour of the person whom the girl holds to be her dearest friend. This root of distrust causes an undefined estrangement, which an unlooked for admission on the part of another person in the story serves to heel up. T. FISHER UNWIN.—In the' Century "for April the item to which particular attention is drawn is a character sketch of Madame fiejane by Justin Huntly M'Carthy. The sketch though short, is com- prehensive and contains the following description of the actress's many qualities ;—" Madame RZijane is an actress endowed with many qualities: She has charm, vivacity, grace—even the grace to be ungracious; she can dominate a very marked per- sonality, and keep it in subservience to the part which she creates; she has playfulness, pathos,ten- derness, humor,—she has even a degree of passion :compatible with the ascendancy of the playful, the pathetic, the tender, and the humorous qualities. Just as much of the tragic tone as it is permitted to the Comic Muse to mingle with her mood of laughter and her mood of tears—lust so much Madame Rejane may claim to include among her gifts." The remaining contents of the number do but further tend to strengthen the character this magazine has gained for excellency of literature, letterpress, and illustration. GEORGE NEWNES IND CO.—This month's "Strand" is a number par excellence. First of all there com- mences in it that long-announced series of stories by A. Conan Doyle.entitled " The Exploits of Briga- dier Gerard." The first and the one in the present number is "How the Brigadier held the King," and is a very lively pourtrayal of Gerard's adventures, with diabolical Spanish brigands, and less savage but as formidable British dragoons. In the story there is much dry humour, while the hero's conceit is about on a par With his impudence. If No. 1 is but the forerunner of others of equal interest, it is no exaggeration to predict that ere long they will have a name equal to the same author's "Sherlock Holmes " series. lhis month's story from the diary of a doctor is also specially good, while the remaining quota of items is equally a credit to the publishers. FREDERICK WARNE AND O.—A handsomely- bound(2, 6114 volume has been issued by these pub- , lishers, containing three stories by the Rev. Silas K. Hocking. 1 hey are entitled " Doctor Dick," " John Silent," and " Will Vivian's Story," though the same characters run through each. " Doctor Dick "is the one by which the book is designated, and is a story raised above the ordinary, mainly by its elevation of tone and breadth of treatment. Mr. Hocking is styled as one of the not too numerous band of novel-writers who know how to convey re- ligious teaching without. wearying the reader. Its "Doctor Dick" the author chooses as his hero a man drhose main failing is the far too common one of intemperance. Throughout the story his refor- mation steadily progresses, urged on by the benefl- zial influence of the heroine, Irene Bevill. As usual, Mr. Hocking pitches the scene of his narrative in Cornwall, where the nieural hu- mour and superstition of the people pro- vides a never-Failing theme for the novelist. Speaking of the superstition, a very amusing refer- ence to Lancashire women is made by a " crank " in the novel who, having heard that the heroine is a Lancashire girl, comes out with the—to us—con- vulsing statement "the' do say that a lot or the Lankishire sv, men be witches," Many other asser- tions and suppositions are made which proclaim the author to he a man with a deep store of knowledge of the composite nature., of the inhabitants of these widely divided counties. : here are several good illustrations and the let re? prima quite does justice to the excenence of t,be story.

Iron rusts more rapidly when wet than when dry be- cause it has, or seems to Vav, .a g rester affinity for oxy- gen when the latter is eon.bined with hydrogen. At the end of the fourteenth century the headdresses assumed the shape of two enormous horns projecting from the aid.B of the heAl live or zim feet. Doc rs had to be widened to adin.t the bearers.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which fi Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

With Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

No ex a

===== 0002601_18950420_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto. •

===== 0002601_18950420_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 n..m

Newton-le-Willows IVidnes, Appleton. Farnworth t)itton, Penketh. Preston Brook Feodsharri, Hel shy, Daresbury and Moore . Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lyrnm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, ‘Varhurton, and Woolston For Town Delivery 8; Latchor.i - Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Y rkshi n orth- timberland, Durham, 6: S.-Last

4-0 a.m.

5-15 am

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

. 9-30 a.m.

Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales and Inland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport. Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, 5.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Th-livery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties ........ Liverpool, Southport, Ormskin , Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wre.harn, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury.. Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsliam. Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens.. Orford and Hultne Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, We Cumberland, Wigan,Ma nchest Peterborough, and East Lincol shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Live- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, lei- of Man, tGlasgow ...... ....... Night Mail llespech. All Parts... London, Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties, & Foreign

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Nooa 1-53 am

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

L-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-.45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-33 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 4-40 p.m Ditto.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m .

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

10-45 p.m

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD Omen High-st., Newton, POSTMASTER ••• ••• ••• Mr. James Jordan. Hours of I Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte rice. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. tr.. 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Honey Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels ara despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 7-15 p.m., and 8 pin. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m.

LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. nuns.

- Orainary Postage. 5-0 a.m.

I Extra id. Stamp.

10-35 a.m.,

2-20 p.m.

5-40 „

RECEIVING HOUSE. SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES

ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

RECEIVING 11011SE— .Ear1estown

• WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

Sum-OFFrcF.s - *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick.... ...... "Wargrave ........

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 3 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Oyhees also

9-55 9.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 10-30 a.m

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton Nevrton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway St atiom (Newton Bridge) , Preston Junction Church-et.. Golborne Legit Street. .. Lowt on Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowtou St Mary's Station) , Bolton Road. Ashton ! Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 845 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and T p.n. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I NE- -10-15 a.nx: I Nil.

Pareelsere despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle.- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIBS AS FOLL WTo S :- 1 CaP

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10.45 „

===== 0002601_18950420_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
i• 11-30 „ 'll-45 „

1. 12-0

1245 p.m.

2-15 „ } 3-15 „

===== 0002601_18950420_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 „

===== 0002601_18950420_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
IBy Postmen.

.11-30 &.m..

3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
6-45 a.m.

1 , ;ir.e-c;;;I:i. 1

X CYCLES ! Marvellous Prices. One year's guarantee. for our 1395 Mustrated list 7 and second-hand Pneumatic luehiun SAFETIES and Till- t.B, post free. Easy terms CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO,

-BRITze Liverpool.

Comprises all Soeps In one. for I.A.IINDItY,IISTII,TOILE2 FLOA'I S. disinfects rapidly. non-injurious. Washes wits out rubbine or labour, Cures Rheurnstisrn, Refreshes the skin Wholesale Agents in Warringt m, N. B. PIittOIVAL I CO Sole Maker. F. L. BAR I ELT, Keynsham, Bristol.

J 4 from 105. monthly.—' 45, Everton-road, ' _ -i. i:C 717tik . Ag'S....-. OCK ATO 0 ' , 4,tc.,,41k _ • kl6.,''' - .

===== 0002601_18950420_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INo extra

===== 0002601_18950420_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil.. Nil NIL

===== 0002601_18950420_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-s&-airm

===== 0002601_18950420_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
int a Claintner " SPertet

PRBPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. *:.toing under the following heads are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for 07.41 i CHARGR, as per scale given below. SITDATIoNS WAFTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIoNS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WIN ED, APARTMENTS W ANT ED, MONET WANTED, 4PECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. IS ............... Os 6d ... Is 3cl ... 2s Od 27 ............... Os 9d ... is 10d ... 3s Od 36 ............... 15 Od 2s tki ... 45 Od 45 ............... Is 3d ... 35 Id ... 64 Od 54 ...............Is 6d ... 3s 85 ... 6s Od The above charges are for PREPAYMENT enly. io Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
13amt5ttt OerbantO, Srt.

GENE SERVANT Wanted, good wages, for farmhouse work.— Apply MANOR ABBEY, llalesowen, near Blip minghs.m.

OtdA.N WANIM 0, as Mother's Help, one used to dairy work preferred —MAison ABBEY, Halesowen. near Mirmingham.

QZLECT REGISTRY for Respectable SERVANTS in every catSaclty ; :ALA ChAHLES, fancy goods, artist in ladies' bair, 13. Legb-st.. virsrricgton.

lAUNDILY MATRON —'"antorl jlly,Workiflg Laundry Matron for Girls' Home.—Apply, Deaconess in charge. Wughton House, Chester.

_ GIMBEL/IL wanted ; good washer ; another kert ;family two • ame24 wages Z 5; state age, reference.-2,St.

i;ontbPort-

.r—aurs--street, 'SERVANT GIRL, trustworthy, Wanted, 15 to 18; good fAmil. two; good borne —Hrs. MOSLEY 1. tiknehester-road, Hers ood.

'WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, for omal family, goo i home a d sva.,es f r clean, honest Girl.—Apply 7. Ashdale-y ad, Waterloo. Liverp of.

•road

_ QERVA.7, T,—Wanted a strong willing GIRL 18 to 25. as General in sma I tamily. Early riser ; good references. —Apply 129, 1-IARTINGTOII-12.11.D2 ALL Classes Superior ERVAIVIS WANTKII immedi ately f w wad reliable places.- Mrs. READS Select Registry, Rushohn,, Manchester. I orl logs secured.

\VALIUM Plato COOK. or liaperi.need (JEN liktAL, three V other servants kept; • apply stating age. wa, es required, /te.—birs. MATER, Ilse Gables, Alsager, Stoke-on- 'l eat.

rgilil3ll4.l. SRI-Orfila W %NUM. b.-gioning of May, to vri.sh and iron for family of three. age 20 to 20. wages £l6.—lr. COOPER, 2,Brundretts-road,Chorlton-eum-Hardy, Manchester.

AIA.LE and PRMA.LI4 NURSES IN.TITUTION., 73, Hope- street, Live!pool.--Fstabl shed 1878.—For reliable A• tendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage, apply or telegr ph.---•• Nurses," tiverpool. Telephone. 570. _____-----------

GARDENER (Heid), age 30. A gent' eman will be pled to recommend J. L. Hammond to any lady or gentle- man requiring the services f a thorcughly p.acti al man ; six years excellent ChAri •ter.—AddressJ. L. liesiMoNn.Holm Rill, West Kirby, Cheshire.

ADY AGENTS, CLEIIKS, 11(Pli WRITERS, DAR- LA MAIDS DOMV:ST,DS, LADY fIELP:S ANIS LAJ/lES ,of every diseription (marr ed or tingle) wanted immediately to s.rni Large (2d.) ttamp ed Directed Envelope for partici,- la s also ll:ustrated Medical Guide. sent free.—cius NEW NORK DRUG CUMPARY.—Itead ng.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MiTtles, stnettO,Earriagel,

‘.•'. A iIITENTION

ROMB WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE,. IT HAS TAKBN 25 YEARS TO BUILD l'P OUR RBPUTA.T lON. ALSO TIIUM. You may buy Itubbish at Rubbishy Prices. but as you can 'purchase a RUDG IS frc m Eli/ Nett. surely it, is worth your whi'e to ignore the many chap and nasty apologies for Cyces now in the market. Buy a RUDGIi or WHII- - and save the e. dl-is sums f r repairs which the purchase of a Cycle () made of gmpipe and bedstead tubing alw,,ys necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon the r (ler of a crock. Gurwantees from many agents ant makers are not worth the wper thry are written upon. so many people in the Cycle T ade being here to-day and gone to-merrow. There- fore, get the Guara,tee of the LAIiG ST & OLDB3 CYCLB.PIPAI. IN THIC WORLD,

By Boring ELTDOE AND WHITWORTR CYCLES. Goof Discounts for Cash, or on ou- Navy Say Payment System: RUDGS-W 41 PAVOROff, LISdIrED (nudge Cyclii Co., Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works COVENTRY and BINMINtiIdAX. Turning out Over One if h 'assail Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

-NICKEL PI ATiNG mad ENAMELLING.—High-r.lais work only. All work eopp«red betore plating, and returned within tlyer a:ye Send for price liat.—CYcLg WORKS, Ashton-,n-M,ke.rield, temeashire.

RANULAGH C.-MI...WS are of t Ite I iigheat Qulity t Lowest Prices ; good A gents wanted in every town and village where not rept, sented ; new lists now ready..-- RANIELAGEI CYCLE CO., Leamington and Coventry.

..rIYCLES. Befwe onrrhasdig call and inspect WY bto.,h, 'LI cheapest ever oft rd. pr ,•e3 to suit all pockets ; Soli, from 2s. ; C shions, from 3.55.; and Pneumatics, oru 14 109. ; .cepttonal bavgdina; sole agent for the celebrated ..Rothwell Cycles, ahead of al for speed, lightness, strew/Ali. and durability ; popular prices ' all kinds of maclunes ^ exchanved.—PARTINGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47, Deans e, Jil,nehe,ster. and 114, Bold-street, oppos.te :::sid,ings Sank, sLiverpooi.

FRKEI FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES I SAFEITI Rs! AFITIE I Important to Agents,Dealers andothers. Wh ,lesa!e Liflt c ntaining 1000 ,(One Thousand) • act) nes, new and second hand, seut P.st Free to any address. 5 per ent. cheaper than ther makers •or ag-eta. Why pay more orfartlt prices ? Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once tor the largest and most complete list in the cycle tr..cle. Sterling vane and no large profits. W R. WARRILOW, Cycle I%orke, Vegent- :lttreet„ Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! 'THE FINEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEND, DUNLOP PNEUMATIC TYRES, 10 0 SLADE'S OLD ESTABLISHED DEPOT, 73. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

BICYCLES! BICYCLES I !

N• WADD I GTON, . 'THE WIli.L-KNOWN WARRINCHONIUDEL SOLE AGENT FOR THE T'ol.l ITT, BRADBURY. ROTH- WELT, NW HUDiON, WELLINGTON. AND IMPERI MACHL'iRi. liner:palled for Materia!, Design, Workmanship, and Finish, at POPUL sit PRICES Repairs, plating and enamelling. -Waiiiiingtosi and ft.bertson s patent famous MUD GUARDS. -WAD lIGTON CYCLING D.Tor, 26 Z:T. J I,lBs-s r., EN UTSPORD-RD. (just ov,r the Bridge). WARRINGTON

CYCLES; CYCLES ! CYCLES !! !

200 MACHINES BY NO CEO MAKERS IN STOCK. Price. from £lO lOs upwards. RALILIGHI, TRENT, TRIUMPHS. R. A.ND P.'s, NEW RAPID RAGLANS, SPARKBROOKS, ke.. Repairs and Sundrivs. .A FEW gocK SOME:, MAC:MINES AT VERY LOW PRICES TO CLEAR. TH E JOHN GRIFFITHS' CYCLE

CORPORATION, LTD., 41, CASTIA-S CP,B T, LIVhRPO'iL. Inspection Invite(l. TRICE LISTS t• HSU ON APPLICATION.

11 00 P R AND SIM.MON;3. COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL . High class CARRIAGES at Moterate Prices. Good Stocla to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The beat work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire. THN

MILLER OIL LAMP,

LATE.T UP-TO-DATS IMPROVEIvIDNTS.

A STEADY, LARGE, AND WHITXLIIUT.

Mr AND SIMPL3ST DitiVICH 'OR RE-WICIONJ EIVIM INVENTBD. CANNCT LEAK. IRONNOIGETts, PLUMEratS, LAMP DBALMIS, Oa Wm:LB ;ALB FROM

lIIRENDALE'S,

MI" LER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

alts bp gtuttton.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
near

CM, Vouttrp, &t.

T ANGSHAN,MINORCAS,first cross makes the best layers, and grand Table Birds, 2s. doz.—Tin:matt GUS, Beeth, Yorkshire. WANTED to exchange pure Minorca Cockrel for pure Dorking 1 en.—Mrs. H. G. UNARM South Bank, Fmdsham.

WHITE LEGHORN SIITINGS, 2s. Ed., champion layers, large eggs, returned unfertile replaced.—.PascoCK 8808. Fulthorpe, Ferryhill.

EGGS.—Single-comb Black Orpingtons (Cook's strain), 2s. per sitting, on rail, same price through season.— DOWNES. Common, Church Stretton.

IGHT BRAMAHS, BLACK MINORCAS, BROWN and 1-4 WHITE LEGHORNS EGGS 28. 6d. sitting. Mated to breed Winners.—Snew BECES„ Hebden Bridge.

1011JRB EGGS for hatching. Prize strains, Plymouth Rocks, Silver Wyandotte, Orpingtons, and Minoreas, 2.6 d. per dozen.—J. U. POWNALL, Great Sankey.

BLACK. MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters Noted, Layers and Prize Strain. also splendid Orpingtons only 2s. 6d. dozen, packed.--Joems EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be En.

yOUNG MAN WANTED. 355. per week and commission. Regular work, splendid opening.—Address COMPO WORKS. Farnworth, Bolton. Lancashire.

FOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition desed.-4ormanite'e, Paradise-st. Livernool. Established 1850.

PERSONS wishing to increase their income and w ho cal on honseholders, can hear of a good commission.— Address C. fl, Examiner" Office, Warrington.

QANITARY INSPECTOR'S EXAMINATIONS.—ReRabIe COACH.—For full partlerdars and tuition fees write, 817 f CLARY INSPECTOR. 173, Borough-road, Birkenhead.

g OBACCONISTS commencing, 111'd, Guido (259 pages) 3d.—TonaccowlSTS' Co., 186, Ruston-road. London. Shop-fitters for ail trades.-Idanager, iIY. MYEIO, Est. 1866;

ViT.ANTBD,—TO purchase ur exchange Household Fillt.Nl V V TURE of every de cription. in large or small quanti- ties ; sewing and wringing machines. Best prices given P,ompt cash.—Apply JoxEs, furniture dealer, .Market-st. Earlestowi.

STAMP COLLIICTORS. Try tour PACKHT OF STAMPS; sure to glVe satilsh °Mon ; price Is. Id. by post. Wholesale and rs. ttil Lists Free, Large Stock ,it Rar:tirs on hand. We Bay Jd Yoreign Stamps, loose or in books, oa envelopes or other wise. Old Stamped Envelopes Booght. THE Ln'Er.roi. ;.:LAy.p co.,

Etbe,A,tork, Su.

J f-lheap Good bred PIGS, carriage paid,from healthy Bedford- shire Sties, from 14s. by R. D- GARRATT, Barton, Ampthill, Particulars sent.

ifitutliantous.

THIS is a superior OVERMAN- Payments taken. TEL, best English silvered glass with bevelled edges, brackets, Sm., for ornaments 375. 6D. I)EGULATOR CLOCK, walnut Payments taken. 1.1., frame, warranted for 3 years. Genuine bargain 375.

PAIR of splendid China FIGURES Faymer ts taken. with glass shades complete. A 8,11 D. grand chance

WE have a few Toilet GLASSES Payments taken. V a Iselow,reduced from ss. lid. 48. 11D. Don't miss these

BEDROOM RUGS from la. 11d. Payments taken.. Skia RUGS OS. D.

BRASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &c.—CHARLES R. HALL. 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

TROUSERS, Suits or Drees Lengths of Stylish Tweeds, Serges, /to. Patterns free.—Write HALL, 8 Stafford.st., Burnley.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool,

MR. TATLOW'S POSITIVE CURE for RHEUMATISM. I will cure any man in one hour; receipt, la. prepaid. —F. TATLOW, The Cottage. Wrinehill Hall, Crewe.

['HE LATEST PUZZLE "The Twa Dogs," sample post free for 3 stamps. Agents Wanted —Address HARRIS, WILCOX, and Co., Brdington. Birmingham.

BARGAINS IN IRISH AND SCOTCH TWEEDS,SERGES AND COSTUME CLOTHS. Write for patterns stating, rur requirements to G. L. WATSON, Grosmont. Yorkshire.

LOtISINB, new white Cream for polishing all kinds of Metal. For free sample anybody may send stamped addressed envelone to LOHSINE DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. agents Wanted.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1855.

WILLIAM. LINDOP, 72. THOMAS-STREET, • MANCHESTER.

• , BOWLING Gaumr BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES. TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAVGHTS, .MBRELLA, &NO WATJ{I NT, q'T.T^K MANUFArIIRE 514.

W H. WORSLEY, sole proprietor, The Pantheon; TY . Gaythorn, Manatv-ster, close to Central Station. Fatablished 1841. All City-road cars pass the door, Id. in or out. In,p, e ;on invited.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. wELSBACIS SYSTEM.

The War Tire war between China and Japan in the Eist. is now, it appears, at an end. The terms of peace have been decided upon at conferences between representatives of the two powers, and a treaty signed. The penalty which China has to pay for her weakness and unpreparedness is a severe one. She cedes to Japan the large island of Formosa which lies off the Chinese coast, besides several smaller islands ; and in addition to this Japan is to retain posses- sion of a large slice of the mainland which her soldiers now occupy. China has also to pay a war indemnity of about 30,000,000, and to throw open seven new ports to foreign commerce. This treaty will, it may be expected, settle the differ: ences between China and Japan for seine years to come at all events, but, unfortunately, it raises lother questions which may be much more serious for the Western world than the conflict between the two Eastern nations. The question that is now being asked is, will Russia agree to the rati- fication of this treaty ? It has all along been known that there were at least three European countries whose interest might be affected by the war in the East, especially as soon as the demands of the Japanese come to be discussed. These three countries are England, Russia, and France,but the interests of England and Russia far transcend those of France, and this latter country might probably be left out of account but for the fact that they may think it policy to back up the claims of Russia. Fortunately, judging from the terms of peace as yet made public, they do not in any way call for interference or remonstrance on the part of England. In fact, the throwing open to commerce of additional Chinese ports must in every respect be an advantage to the country which controls more than eighty per cent. of the foreign trade of the Chinese Empire. The session of Formosa will, no doubt, tend to strengthen the naval power of a go-ahead people such as the Japanese are proving themselves to be, but the English Government is not likely to display any selfish jealousy in regard to that. With Russia the case is different. It is almost certain that the Northern Colossus will strongly object to at least one clause in the proposed treaty. The installing of a comparatively strong military and naval power like Japan upon the Chinese mainland will have thp effect of delaying if not of permanently thwarting the carrying out of one of Russia's schemes for an extension of territory which has long been openly projected. At the present time tke great naval station of Russia in the Far East is Vladivostok, but this port, which is the oily $O. outlet for millions of square mites of territory, is frozen solid from November to March, a fatal drawback to. its complete usefulness either in peace or war. The aim of the Russians has, there, fore, all along been to obtain from China an in- crease of territory to the south and with that territory a harbour which would answer all their purposes much better than the ice-girt Vladivos- tok. By the conclusion of the present treaty between China and Japan serious obstacles are thrown in the way of the carrying out of this Russian ambition. Russia will not now merely have to reckon with China but also with the much more formidable power of Japan. It may be, therefore, that she will at once intervene and at- tempt to prevent the Japanese from stepping in between her and her expected prize. It is due to this circumstance that the situation in the East is still regarded by some uneasirrass by European, and particularly by English statesmen. If Russia acquiesces it is in the highest degree improbable that any other power will interfere, and peace will soon be declared in the Far East. But should Russia veto the proposed terms of settlement the Japanese people will have cruel alternatives to choose from—either to forego what they probably regard as the most important spoils of victory, or to face another and a much more formidable war.

THE split in the Unionist Party is A Political Disruption, developing with remarkable

rapidity. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has lately been treated with indecent gratitude by a large section of the Tories. They have described him as a " demagogue " and as a " political gamb- ler "with little or no principle, and he has been ' girded at almost daily in some of their newspapers. This is Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S reward. He has fought against Home Rule with more .vigour and more ability, and, lot it be said, with more bitterness and acrimony, than all the Tory leaders put to- gether, and the result is that Tories are now rounding upon him and declaring that he is nothing better than a" polit.cal gambler." While Lord SALISBURY has been enjoying a "lettered leisure," at Hatfield, and while Mr. BALFOUR has been frivolling his time away at golfing links or in learn- ing to ride a bicycle in some oft-street , in an aristo- cratic quarter of London, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has, in season and out of season, been denouncing Irish len and their claims, yet his only reward is that of being dubbed a demagogue.. But, after all, Mr. CHAMBERLAI" is not the man to stanrl

these buffetings without an attempt to retur.ir them in kind, and the consequence that his orczan th e, "Birmingham post' has some remarkable plain things to say about the " Tapers and Tadpoles ".of the Tory party. "Everybody," it says, " knows who are the critics and the carper's, at what value they may be justly rated, to what class they belong. They have always infested and sometimes embarrassed the Tory party. Mr. DISRAELI drew them with fine contemptuous strokes in his novel of Coningsby.' He gave them generic names Taper and Tadpole—which have ever since kePt place in political literature, and are as well merited and as readily applied to-day as they were fifty years ago." "These people belong, we are further told, "to the small official class and to their hangers-on—those who receive the offices in a Government, and whose devotion to, party, if not founded upon solicitude for personal interests, is quickened by that not too exalted sentiment" But, the Birmingham paper furthe,r, points out,that while these " parasites of politics may be of no account themselves, if their actions are not checked and discountenanced by the Tory leaders the result may be serious—nothing less serious in fact than the retirement from Parlia. Mellt of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN himself. con- -4‘ It is smaller ceivable," we are told, "that a stateman who desires power only that it may be used for the double purpose of preventing national disaster snd of promoting remedial social :egislation, if be were thwarted by those for whose alliance he has insT° enormous personal sacrifices, might prefer to retire from a barren parliamentary career, embitteredb); i insult and undermined by intrigue, and /ngli f prefer to commit the fortunes of the great causebee reform to the direct support of the masses of t a people." When language like this is used il the newspaper which, it is well-known, speaks the mind of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN" himself it is quite eie; that the Unionist alliance has been shaken te 1 foundation.

The election of a Speaker of the House of Co mons is always an interesting affair and that "0 last week was even more interesting tba,,, usual. In the first place,it was the only party test over the Speakership that has taken place be 1839, and, in the second place, it will probablY.o the means of hastening the inevitable dissultitiii-n. of partnership between the two wings of the ionist party. Both Mr. Balfour and Mr. Chati)?tehe lain come very badly out of this business 0.1 Speakership. When the late Speaker, Mr. P6'eq announced his intention to resign, the Govennuerist at once fixed upon Mr. Courtney as the 10. r suitable person to succeed to the °bait. This was a most generous action on their PaLi seg that Mr. Courtney is a prominent Libe'; Unionist and as such suppOrts the OpPositi°ll.o,:a ' all critical occasions, but they took a non-Partit—be view of the situation and decided to appointed man wh) from experience and temperament seel':ue to be the fittest to fill the vacancy caused by Luly retirement of Mr. Peel. But the Tories comPletecie. upset this public-spirited arrangements aud gr. dared not only that they would not vote for sir Courtney, but also that they would Put nf Matthew White-Ridley forward as a nominee tl-t their own. Not content with this they boug„d pressure to bear upon the Liberal Unionists, u'ilt practically forced Mr. Courtney to withdra after all, this latest manifestation of the a uul°l3sit Unionists," has not accomplished its purP°se' De 4 Matthew White-Ridley has not been elected to to Speakership. On Mr. Courtney's withdrawaLtbev ' was a Liberal concentration in favour of Mr. 0111. j; Q.C., the member for Carlisle, and that gentler/3', has accordingly been elected. lboa

We hear a great deal at the present time the "new woman." This interesting personage charged with endeavouring to oust the " stronget.ro sex from everything, and it is only a week or 0,110 since that they were engaged in the ,20 game of football. Even this does not aploar t° to, the height of their ambition, for quite rea°13..,0 at Manchester, a member of the fair sax Zs. trying to prove that in such an unlawful pr°o—be . sion as burglary she could act as well as men. 'go however,could not resist the temptation co sere-oc when found out, and thus showed that she Ilaa 130 mastered all the accomplishments necessary

" profession." KS. TEE NATIONAL UNION OF TEAC'-'-r-,0 of The annual conference of the National _,I/13„1-cheP Teachers was opened on Monday 0 fternoon at 2113-tioor ter. The proceedings began with a public recg presiued over by Sir J. F. Harwood, and attendo.!ithe Mayor of Salford, the bishop Q f Mancllestcrt edumtional leaders of the city. The liishoP work of the teachers was most excellent, and Iv, il done with diligence and a conscientiousness 0,12' praise.

c°'l.

The principal subject of discussiou s.t the arn°°,7l vv ' ference of the National Union of Teachers, ","•'p; 'r resumed on Tuesday at Manchester,was superann,r and a resolution approving of the scheme,: of the veys-1-0 imerttal Committee, athi urging Parliament to leg; on the matter this ses.,l.,n, was unanimsuslY At the conference of the National Union of resumed on Wednesday in Manchester, thelB96 o—ewe criticised, and a resolution passed asking the execisslol! to take steps ts secure the withdrawal of the Percri boi/8 SchoOls. The system of placing too many given to employ unqualified women teachers older '. scholarsesow the care of one teacher was also condemned t °1 ra 40°„ Lion. In the afternoon, at the Free Trade Flbr3ne" purses were presented to the Lady Mayoress frora oleet • associations, the money to he devotrd tobeLleg,. iSed work. It was announced that the aggregate was £13,600.

The first perfl'of WA RRINGTON. rum% MUSIC cIeN Tt Eh e PbAaanKd.B in thehypatori'l for the present season, was given on SundaY."",,a 01. hand Of the First Volunteer Battalion Pr,i.,t-rit). Wales Volunteers (South Lancashire Mr. Reg'peri . Armstrong conducting. The weather was.,,ical fine, and consequently there was a very large c`;,i,Do to listen to it. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, the first from the steps of the bandstand, before ob. irst item in the programme was proceeded W‘aged him the Band Committee had very kindli 11-Iro' to announce the opening of the seasonrshroge gramme, and in asking a clergyman to disce'O be that duty he took it that they wished it "-tali- understood that the work had something gious character in it. He dared say that s°l3ll9C° them were acoustomed to spend in other P as; what were called "Pleasant Sunday Aelf"ril°° but now that the summer season was coultfter-er, „°ooli. would be a change for them to spend the a to. perhaps in the same way, but in the oPellesitr There was this advantage in it, that their ente meats here would not be mistaken for Publies,,r he ship, or put in the place of public worship, 0e y captd e ver ; by thought that in public worship the degrade it into a matter of pleasing -therosell,!d that entertainment or otherwise. Feeling as he u• their m, any of their working people might sPen:ll,„o bi ‘-unday afternoons much less innocentlY 0'; cot' coming to the Park to hear the music, Molt dially gave his sympathy to the work the eled tee had in hand, and he trusted they vi°ll` some satisfaction in the discharge of it. Then-br ist ence then joined in singing the first Wan, " IR—I/edo the Lord is risen to-day," which the bent. P-- - after which a selection of music was giverl'

—L—.-------- -------- „ d:saguring BABIES ON FIRE, BABIES BURN with itchiug ING (4",riog tto trirt.oliba cerer skinan arid nhdu rsncianlgp edcizsee amsaess a nrsdo noet IV; realise how those little ones suffer. when theirj, e -- kins are literally on fire. To know that a bilig,,,, -eel cation of the CIITICURA REMEDIES will, M t"- majority of cases, afford instant relief, permit res i'arlo (te, %eep, and point to a permanent and econornica!tt,lout c I use most speedy) cure, and not to use them *:7l f tbe a moment's delay is to fail in your duty. Thinw.f not p ars of suffering entailed by such neglect, Yea''On of only of physical, but of mental, suffering 139 real3bireo personal disfi2urement, added to bodily torture tool, in Mf;int:y a.t.ti ,:hi1,.11.0..d ikle 6ieL.W..) r a"ii°

and permanent:

===== 0002601_18950420_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Sap artments, furniqbeb 110110E4, Scr.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARTMENTS.—Misa BAMFORD, 10, Albert-road. Clee- therres, near Pier Head and 6tation. Terms very moderate.

Plthb TAT YN —Com ortable APA ftTAIIIN.C6 facing sea and mountain view also, close to station. Terms moderate.—Apply MRS. CLARKE, Birchfield House.

frlatrirnonp.

ATTU MONT.—lntroductions arranged for all who wish to marry.—For particulars send six stamps to MADAM DE ANNIS, 80A, Deansgate, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
lEarinntrp, &Gs, on Anat.

J3OILER (Vertical) on SALE, 10ft. by 4ft.. insured at 501bs. ; all fittiogs.—BAXTEß'S Itiyct Works, Parade, Birmingham. ONEUNDRED good second-hand and new ENGINES in H stock; also Boilers, Tools, and other Plant, &c.: send for catalogue. THOMAS MITCHELL. Derby-street, BAton.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTV.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

ELcOM E ALWAYS, KEEP r IHANDy, GRANT Alo'S RELL A CHERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, whiirn is made from the famous Kent Morellos ? QUIPOI'S QUALITY for general use, STOUTSMAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the opt R air. SOLD EVICEYWPENIL Ask for GRANT'S and Oon't be put off with Inferior mak* OS.TH GRANT AND SONS, MAIDiTONE.

•

===== 0002601_18950420_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
IttrNCORN ANP W;:DNES•

Crtoss. kr - ARD'S BRANCH OF THE LEIGG, GUM! n of RYan presided at the monthly coun eetin, tif 9air try if ia'uve mentioned society held in the e Lea, gires., tet er ane, Runcorn, on Saturday evening. Tire• oln tl tied their sincere thanks to Miss Mack for %coed • gift of two pictures, At Et, POLICE CASES AT RUNCORN. No 'acorn Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. aif. rtnah and Mr. E. Imison, a sailor named Thoms eh-I " was charged with being drunk and disorderly %.04tstreet Oil Thursday night. He was fined 53. an in g pri,, krlreie. or seven days' imprisonment—Elizabeth Man] was Charged with sleeping in an outhouse on oShip Canal Works early on the morning the ti.,4la.V. She was discharged. The SOCIETY CLASS TEA MEETING. tillee,,nlelmbers of Mr. S'Anister's society class had their ih 13r' tea meeting and reunion on Wednesday evening ot thUttawiolt-street schools. Tea was provided in one kw: vestries, the tables being presided over by Mrs. Itik or ger and Mrs. Bisbrown. A most enjoyable meet- - as afterwards held which was of a conversational • ItoorntiSat u r.d _ NwPOORRI:TES FOR ASTON. e; morning at Runcorn, Messrs. F. j. rate , 4ha unison affixed their signatures3t_o _a new s' . tor A BJ. in the £ estimated to realize £73 7s. 7.3• "taro Gcin'bY-Sutton • and also one for a like amount for -ran,ge, to bring in £59 53. 3d. 04 5 AUNCORN VOLUNTEERS AT CHURCH. .nntepa •tlnday morning the members of the Runcorn atte,dales of the Earl of Chester's Volunteer Regiment gtegAjd 'Trinity Church. There was a good cton- ,...anthemen• The choir gave an effective rendering of h 4he 11: " Why seek ye the living among the dead ? 4reeli'v• Dr. Preston, chaplain to the corps, based an ent discourse on Hebrews ii. 10. , po, CAMDEN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. -7•olUrer,"l be seen from an advertisement in another ,ahos,Al' fbe anniversary services in connection with the etwentioned Sunday school will be held on Sunday leet; rl'as Chapel. The preacher will be the Rev. I.l.emouilpied. The rev, gentleman will also deliver 'tar:'re "h Monday evening in the Public Hall on SOCial, Religious." o thT PROPOSED ROAD TO WESTON Pclerr. wleeting of the Highways Committee of the nuntog°,dneil, the question of the suggested road from !Ns ;° Weston Point was under consideration. It 'Peak,lued that a small committee consisting of Messrs. ahoeici7h, Bisbrown, Wilson, Williams, and Lightburn, bors etti7 11"Minated to act conjointly with the n3em-s Weston Parish Council to make arrangement iandowners. Obis W „ "RAMBLES IN PALESTINE." Pr C,' no subject of a lecture delivered by the Rev. 41.1 h Holy Trinity Day Schools on Wednesday ~atler;;R."rr. Charles A. Timmins presided. The rev. L es, t graPhicallv described the places of historic Palestine t'vhich he visited in his travels in the • sli leg ahn.d. The lecture was copiously illustrated by were shown on the screen by means of a '444 t lantern, manipulated by Messrs. Lea and !Pent. qarri. An interesting and instructive time was elm,a, vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer on rritch.."°ll of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Joseph 1„ Opt, .ne •-rvrar-noen BAND OF HOPE, RUNCORN. h'nPe "3g meeting of the session of this Band of 1419.,° th-ld on Fr ida y The tables were presided over tb,"oot ta"' Eilereas, Misses Stubbs, Hoxworth, Shingler, -44 tbzlci Wright. The subsequent proceedings were Rivet, uYPresidene of Mr. Sayles. An address was tiobe the u artih ..ev. T. Bramhall. A programme of recita- lli°,l% and dialogues was given by Misses Hox- t4B:l4Teiles, Wright, Lily Poole, Emily Pierrop, Wil- eet A Hitchen, Amelia Shingler, and Beatrice ell 44111 _,Master Percy Williams. Miss and Master A To ulalogue. CANAL AGREEMENT WITH RUNCORN. 1)'31.4R,. n'ittelltet.4g of the Parliamentary general Purposes e,of the Urban Council was held on Thursday the purpose of considering the agreement 'nBtie Y the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Mr. tj th J.P C C occupied the chair. In the e',hent the" company undertake,in coneideration 11°,vidj:frihal requirement being waived for 25 years,to ohipways with ever 7 appliance for the re- et-e'ef‘Oreeevsesesia, with six ways, so that they can be used teh,; foo,,lels 130 feet in length ; a hand capstan, to 'oridge over the Bridgewater Canal, to ex- aV.h t'un p e -1 accommodation between Runcorn and alio°llt, by some 900 feet, with 24 feet depth of Tnh:leapidroe,asnedd to construct a coal tip with salt po works have to be executed within Months. The agreement was approved by

1.37

iintll

°h'4acter

4ett

the the, • ,

Dte A Man Don AT RUNCORN. hk rnan ilamed Griffiths, of Albert Terrace, 4-.4 Runcorn, went out for a walk on Tuesday, • 41Q1 by a cross-bred Airdale g belonging `lel as "deock, residing in the same terrace, which to h he vtitt44B. at.ch dog. At Rock Savage m the dog became t4lldt 'ates its rn i]. howling, foaming at the per. t:,40411t1t74ab04 igl.wild state. It ran at _twop iliks. htletil a I 17 enableditYraWhere.t to keep is from biting them.an h its head against some railings,wac: 11,341441(leciffidtc'iwt7T railway embankment. A search !larhawtld rentledwthhout matter success. Griffiths returned r to the police. Ano_h . be c3tltilaesrin.l,de and theethme abody of the dog was found 19 6tli. 1414,, ,31vray at Rock Savage, d it had evidently 4' ,;:),17ery"4411 opassing train. P.C.orris made the f! 4)4)5b55 4)4) Q4l3ead Conveyedevening Mr.hr e dog to the Police Station. Pergusson, veterinary u 04,1; , arringt„, 8.. R, thit was a b , made a post modem examination and rtieacte d wasad case of rabies. About three months e Mr. Woodcock from a 6 at Where rabies by rabies have existed. -4 1 'ln'eOrtn F LIBRARY COMMITTEE. coin. kitt uesday e • FREE annual meeting of this he litt4q Was 6,, vetting the 4.2_ trico „ '-1,.t the T.ownHall,Rncorn, under the It'rrit:::11;:v, Mr. William Handley. There we7Pao e D Mr. T Riley. Mr. b.. 13 li'llia3P4Porirtj,;o!),..lo.nBe;S(lliMbr'asroina'n).—.Mr Jories submitted hrishee, 2.4,(,M shoe:red that the issues during the mouth *55.1 last „...,.or an increase o 26/ on the corresponding tzeei,,„,,c.;:h€,len the gtfuerreenzedf_p_artment .24 books £.SU 6s. 4J., including t'%lch.' I°l. fur flewzpenbooks.The following gifts. werew Mr. S. ner M.P., Sir H. Gilzea 8 4... r. J. T. Brun _ , " Sir Robert Hunter'_ the,oetpath;ou es of the Poor ~. .of 14411,;k1311,1(Rier1 aillaC°M;n"s " ; ires°lsr. Charles virtn.t- , l'hAsyazi"araand Ccoensi. 'an Per Chiswick's Press ; Ellis' ! 19(SAllata'cialth(1 foxP," with devices by Walter Crane. It, was statement for the year ending March 3ls •1 tiNed .Bubtnitted. It showed that the year corn- tatlt°a,ed aw4eitel: ?„,...b_alance of £.6 ls 7d. The receipts in- !t3 I.Nnes, ~,. us. Bd.; borrowerds.' tickets, £5 18s.10d.; 81* 10711•43' 21.i,' papersanlos.; )41,1,4ted bc;:: lbem,,ers' subscriptions,waste 8,,u,5,,r. 13s. 1041.; donation r m 14s. .kt,tuntate w "rlOl lc's, 23. 1.d.; rate., £ rile ex- B, runner, 41,125, 7a 48 :—Salary of librarian, £6O • new books, 13i a• '; magazines and newspapers,'33 .0u ri - - -rra. p el or stsoalndd 3til, 11'4" £lB 5 lld • cleaning, lighting . .03; id.; . i • •, rent, printing and stationary_ . t0t;`,1131.4,, ~.• 81.; sundries, £5 14s. 51.; balance, 4.895 £7 93 9d • total, £225 16 . lu `. ,ne business. . „„" th 4, Musi„ ST• PALM'S BIBLE L,LASS, RUNCORN. Was morning )3,, 'Pel r,„`-al service • held in the St. Paul, s 31kiet,4t,i,on';8v111:y ajternsoo in connection a ection with the above i'• 8ni,,,t0 w _ clas!% There large attendance. Itl434lster ad.,.nsspresided, anel. delived a most appropp- Ntved seir„,s. The musical portion of the service hitt tlaes whe.tions from Handel's " Messiah." The 13,4,,tided11, II r.leb were performed y a large choir, 8641 p 4ri':,7401,1 the Lamb of his "Surely He hath atki 4 .1 Liv.. t " ALKI with,,h,i,s stripes,' " ill we like Worthy is the Lamb," P.y. ou: heads, thiro'illetor7.l. to3sh . chorus. Mr. B. Crosby was the eff„„t2eh ibd!' lue choir. In the absence of. Miss _T,,aywlaoer 14:`•Eiveis, 18_130_seirtrion, the , air " He was divvied 0441044 I.'s.", !:I by Mrs. Horrocks, style Blackburn. 15 his usual good t" But Thou - the air "I know that rnys.Redeemer vart,„w4s iinprpamveiv given by 1‘143s Jone Several 'nhe th '. Were ale. "- teal b ,fer was ne o contribduhted during the afternoon. n organ and an orehes- -44.1.""1,4nntrie Pea,ornedujoraship of Mr. W. B. Kay.

RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOLS. An entertainment, the proceeds of which were in aid of the prize fund in connection with the above-men- tioned Sunday Schools,was held in the National Infants' schoolroom, on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance. The programme was provided entirely by Mr. Mattie Cheshire and "Little Aubrey " Cheshire,both of whom efficiently acquitted themselves in a kumorous, musical, and dramatic recital. That the audience thmoughly appreciated the efforts of the entertainers was attested by the frequent applause during the two hours' unique performance. THE NATIONAL UNION OF TEACHERS' CONFERENCE. The 26th annual conference of the National Union of Teachers has been held during the past week at the Central Hall, Manchester. The representatives of the Runcorn and District Association were Messrs. J. F. Moulton (Runcorn), R. Cookson (Weston Point), W. Epps (Moulton near Northwich), T. Skowan, (representing St. Helens Association). The sum raised by the Runcorn and District Association in aid of the charities of the Unien was £l7 us., being an increase of £4 on the previous year. This sum was made up as follows : Greenway-road Board School, £8 ; Runcorn Wesleyan 155.; Newtown Infants, 153.; Weston Point, lie.; Weston Wesleyan, 69.; Halton Grammar School. lie.; Mill Brow Board School, ss. ; Moulton Board School, £1 Us. 6d. ; Widnes West Bank Board School, £1 179. 01. Widnes Warrington-road Board School, £1 4d. ; Widnes Simm's Cross Board School (per Mr. J. S. Smith), £.l se. ; Miss Clayden, 103.

Ittee

===== 0002601_18950420_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FORTHCOMIWG CONcERT,

The band and choir of the training ship Indefatigable will give a grand concert of vocal and instrumental MUSIC in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday evening. The Chairman will be Captain Crofte.n, R.N., of Her Majesty's ship Eagle. The proceeds are in aid of the Sailor's grave and monument fund. An afternoon con- cert will also be given at 4.30, when Mr. E. Imison,J.P., will preside.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF WORE AT RUNCORN.

On Easter Monday a sale of work in connection with Ellesmere-at. Chapel,Runcorn, took place. The proceed- ings commenced with tea, and afterwards the contents of a. stall consisting ot unsold material left over from the recent fancy fair were disposed of. The ladies assisting at the stall were :—Mesdames Stubbs, Newell, White, Stafford,Guy,John Stubbs,and Cragg. The sale realised ,411.4. and the money will be devoted to the chaps fut,,dc

===== 0002601_18950420_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MISS UPTON, RUNCORN.

Miss Upton, 19 years of age, daughter of Mr. William York-st., died after a brief illness on Uptch...'.. Monday The ~eceased was associated with the Primi- tive Methodist o".Pel, Greenway-road. She was a 1.. member of the choir ,and was also connected with the i Sunday school. She tied .gained the respect and esteem of a large circle of friends, I,nd much sympathy is ex- tended to the bereaved family. The funeral of the de- ceased took place on Thursdey afternoon. A large assemblage of people met at the doceased'a late residence arid afterwards walked in proeession to the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-road, vrhere a short service was held. Prior to their departuee the hymn " Safe in the Arms of Jesus " was sung. The procession was headed by the Rev, T. Bramall, Rev. H. R. Didcock,Mr, Sayle, and Mr. Hillidge (superintendents), followed by Mr. fleet (secretary), Mr. Aston (treasurer), and the following members of the congregation e—Messrs. Hill, Bradshaw, Hayes, Jabrz Stubb., Peter Efillidge, W. Miles, Pilgrim, Davies, Sayle, jun., A. and F. Shingler, Nickson, Jackson, Beswick, Dobson,Efoxworth,Howard, Davies, Richardson, and Garner. There were also a number of the members of the Christian Endeavour Clasp, and several connected with the Sunday school. Mr. W. M. Morris and Mr. J. J. Shaw were present from the Co-operative Society,and Mr.R. Morris,the deceased's former employer, also walked. The relatives present were :—Mr. Upton (tather),Fred, Sydney, Mark, Harold, and Gertrude (brothers and sister), Mrs. Steeier and Miss Stonier, Mrs. Barrow, Mrs. Mair and Mr. G. Hawley. The coffin was borne by the following : Messrs.- Dyer, Cooke, Robert Stubbs, Dutton, W. Gittens jun.,. H. Woodward, Johnson, and Kilcross. The service in • the church was commenced by singing the hymn" Thou' , knowest Lord the weariness and sorrows." The Bev.. , H. R. IMcock engaged in prayer and Mr. Bramall react the funeral service. The hymn "Shall we meet beyond , the river" was sung. Mr. W. Gittens played the " Dead ; March "in Saul as the people left the chapel. The ser- ' vice at the grave side was conducted by the Rev. T. Bramall. A number of beautiful wreathe had been sent by the following :—Father and Mother, sister and ' brothers, Mr. and Mrs. W. Rushton, Mr. and Mrs. Brad- shaw and family, Runcorn Co-operative employes, M.A. Leyland, Mr. and Mrs. Littlemore, Miss M. A. Little- more, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Kniveton, employe; of Mr. R. Morris, Mr. and Mrs. Hoxwerth, Mr. and Mrs. Miles. A couple of artificial wreaths had also been subscribed for by members of the Christian Endeavour class, and the Sunday school.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD. RATEPAYERS' MEErING LAST NIGHT.

On Thursday evening the adjourned meeting of rate- payers for the purpose of receiving the Burial Board bal- ance sheet and auditors' report was held in the Bethesda Lecture Room. Mr. William Handley occupied the chair, and th,re were also present :—Messrs. W. Mellor, J. B. Digger, J. Pritchard, W. Jones, T. Cook, and W. Sutton (ass ista nt overseer). The Chairman said their business wassimply to receive the auditors' report of the Burial Board accounts. They had seat in their certifieate dated April ith, as follows " We have this day completed the audit of the books of :the Runcorn Burial Board, and have had vouchers pro- dused for all payments, and find the same correct in every particular." The certificate was signed by Joseph K.- Digges and John Poole. The balance sheet showed that the year commenced with a balance on general account of £3 2s. 7d. ; and on sink- ing fund account £215 13s. id. The year concluded with the sum of £BO 15a. sd. due to bank en general account. The disbursements were :—By inter- est on mortgages £lBl 6s. Bd., mortgages paid off £3OO, maintenance and repairs £lB 17s. 4d., rates, taxes, and tithes £l2 13s. 4d., printing and stationery £1 14s. 6d., sundries and expenses £2O 03. 9d., wages £202 4s. 10d., bank commission 16s. 2d., balance in bank on Sinking Fund Act £45 17s. Bd. ; total, £783 11s. 3d. The ba- lance on the sinking fund account was £312 188. 4d., and mortgage account £4,884 3s. Be said the mort- gages would be paid off about the year 1910, so that un- til that time there would very likely be a small call upon the rates of something less than ld. in the L. That WAS a very small charge for a cemetery that had served them so long, and with so much land for future extension which would stand the necessities for Runcorn for many years to come. Mr. Mellor proposed the adoption of the accounts. Mr. Pritchard seconded, and it was carried unanimously. The Chairman said on go.iking up the minutes he found that the first meeting was held on the 4th June, 1857. It was a singular fact—and yet cot singular— that of those who attended the first meeting there was only one gentleman that was now living. That was their good old friend Mr. John Simpson, who was a member of the first Burial Board. The overseers at the time were William Rigby and Peter Ormrod,and Mr. Edward Shaw was the assistant overseer. The Board was to consist of nine members and an old custom that ob- tained in Runeorn was observed. Six members were proposed and seconded and carried by the meeting un- animously as members of the Burial Board. His (the chairman's) father was among the six. About six other persons were proposed for the remaining three seats. A poll was demanded, and a very exciting one it was. It was held on the 20th June 1857 and the result was t Mr. Thomas Johnson, 559 ; Mr. John Linaker Wright, 354 ; Mr. Josiah Rigby, 553. At the time the Cemetery site was chosen there were only three cottages and the Vine Hotel beyond Savage's Bridge- There was no way to the Cemetery and the reason it was now called Green- way-road was because there was a path a little to the left of the present road called the" Greenway." The whole of the town above Savage's Bridgahad grown within the last 37 years, and this extension of the town bad come about from making the cemetery. The Chairman pointed out that this was the last vestry meeting that would be held for this purpose. In the future the accounts would come under the supervision of a public auditor. When they considered that the cemetery cost £lO,OOO, and £5,000 was now owing, and that all work- ing expenses had been paid and many improvements carried out of revenue, without unduly burdening the rates, they must conclude that the business had been well conducted and that they had great cause for con- gratulation. The cemetery did not cost any cottager sixpence a year in rates, and as a large number of people used it as a park it was worth mere than sixpence a year to them for the comfort and pleasure they derived from perambulating the walks and seeing the flowers. Mr. John Poole said it wash remarkable fact that Mr. Salkeld was the first secretary and treasurer of the Board in 1658 and still held the position. Mr. W. Mellor said he had been a member of the Burial Board for many years, and had found Mr. Salkeld a most genial gentleman. In his opinion the business of the Burial Board had been conducted in a very economi- cal manner, and to the general satisfaction of the rate- payers If the District Council continued to manage it in the same manner the ratepayers would have no cause for complaint. Mr. Pritchard moved that the cordial vote of thanks of the vestry be tendered to Mr. Salkeld for his long and faithful services in connection with the Burial Board.— ' Mr. Mellor seconded the motion.—Mr. Digges supported the motion, and said the books had been kept in a mag- nificent mannor.—The motion was carried unanimously. It was mentioned that Mr. Sutton had been assistant overseer for 16 years' and on the proposition of Mr. Digges, seconded by Mr. Poole, he was heartily thanked for his services as vestry clerk. —Mr. Sutton replied, and the meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman.

-.0.- PREFERMENT OF A FORMER. WARRINGTON CLERGYMAN. - - .

The Rectory of Much Birth, 'near Hereford, has been offered to the Rev. Theodore if,mmott, M.A., of Christ's College, Cambridge, who has accepted the living. Mr. Emmott was ordained in 1888 to the curacy of Sr. Paul's Warrington, by the Bishop of

===== 0002601_18950420_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATUR I )11 Y, APR IL 20 1895 THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

SCALDING FATALITY AT RUNCORN.

SHOCKING DEATH OF A WORKS' MANAGER. Mons. J. R. Phulpin, a French gentleman, who was manager of the Australian Alum Works, Runcorn, met with serious injuries at the works on Thursday after- noon, and which culminated in his death at his resi- dence, Rock Cottage, Frodsham, the following morning. The deceased was engaged with a workman in fixing a syphon to drainoff the contents of a large vat of liquid ; when he over-balanced himself and fell into the vat. The liquid at the time was at a temperature of 185 degrees. He was so severely scalded that little hope was held out for his recovery. He suffered great agony up to the time of his death. Mr. H. Churton, coroner, held an inquest at the Ring o' Bells, Overton, on Saturday afternoon, on the body of the deceased. Mr. A. Linaker appeared on behalf of the deceased's wife, and Mr. McCullock was also present from the works.—Edward Owen, liquor runner, at the Australian Alum Works, Runcorn, deposed that on Thursday morning, about 11.45, he and deceased were in the at of syphoning a vat to run out the liqUer, which atood at a temperature of 185 der166,4. It was over 41t. deep. Deceased wishing to bend a pipe got a stick whilst witness was going down &me steps for a bar for the purese. Mr. Owen had only just turned his back When he heard a splash, and found that the manager had fallen WO the Vat threugh the piece Of woo 0 l'eak- ing. The instrument uadd Was Scarcely fit to bear a kettle. Deceased was a man of great experience, but in doing this part of the work he was not perform- ing his proper duties. The liquor was sulph- ate of alumina cr free acid. He was very severely scalded, although rescued within a few moments. He was speedily under the attendance of Dr. McDougall, who, having attended to him, wrapped him in flannels. Be was subsequently taken home to Frod- sham, where he died at three o'clock on Friday morn- ing. No one but himself was responsible for his death. He planned the scheme adopted. He was 31 pears of age, dying on his birthday. Witness could not say that 1 a similar action had been previously done. He would certainly have not used such a stick for the purpose.— This was the only evidence called, and the Coroner re- ferring to the action of the deceased, said it was a very improper thing for him to do, for the evidence showed that the stick was unequal to raise a heavy weight. The natural result was that the stick broke, and he was pre- cipitated into the vat of alum liquid, and it being of a temperature of 185 degrees he was fearfully scalded, so that it would have been impossible for him to survive. they could not blame anyone, because no one was res- ponsible but the deceased, who did a most highly im- proper and imprudent thing. Their only verdict could be one of accidental death.—Mr. Linaker said he was prepared to adduce evidence to the effect that Mons. Phulpin told his wife that it was his own fault.—A. ver- dict of "Accidental death ,r was accordingly returned. The remains of the deceased were conveyed from the residence at Frodsham to Runcorn on Wednesday morn- ing, when a short burial service was conducted in the St. Edward's Roman Catholic Church prior to their de- parture to London en route for France. The cortege was met at Halton Brook by the workmen employed at the alam works, of which the decased was manager. They 'walked in procession to the church. The service was conducted by the Rev. Dr.. Gastaldi and Fattier Hoary, of llantwich. The chief mourners present were : Mons. Jean Joseph Louis Phulpita (brother), Mons. Hottelet Louis joseph Deiire (father-in-law), Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Linaker, Miss Matteson, Mr. Richardson, Miss and Miss A. Richardson. A start was afterwards made for the railway station, where the cortege was mett by Mrs. Phulpin(the deceased's wife),Madame Desire,and others. The coffirr was covered with a number of floral tributes which had been forwarded by the workmen at the alum works, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Linaker, Rev. and Mrs. Blogg, Mr. ad Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes, Miss Andrews, and Miss Mallesorr. The coffin was despatched by the 12:25 train to London. The workmen present, some Of whom acted as bearers, were : Messrs. W. .McCullock,,J; !Dutton, W. Taylor, D. Edwards, E. Jones, J Shaw, T. Bulpin. W. Barker, J. Gaze, T. Booth, T. Hatton, I. Bennett,•A. Hampson, W. Snape, H. Helsby, T. Jones, W. Thomas, H. Barker, E.. Owens, T. Barker, W. Worrel, H. Woman, J. Corker, J. Jephson, J. Jack- son and F. Johnston.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The rumour which was so prevalent at Runcorn last week to the effect that what are commonly known as Wiggs' Chemical Works,were to be closed, has not yet been carried into effect, and there is reason to believe that the directors of the United Alkali Company have thought it advisable to modify their decision, for there is no doubt that they had decided to shut the works up. Taking into consi- deration the present feeling in the town for com- mencing new chemical works in the event of the present ones being closed,it is perhaps a wise policy on the part of the United Alkali Company to keep their Runcorn works going, even if only on short time. It will doubtless prevent the determination for the provision of new chemical works becoming an accomplished fact. There is a strong opinion that the chemical trade if properly conducted at Runcorn can be made a profitable investment, and if the United Alkali Company think otherwise and close their works, an attempt to make it ao, will iu all probability be declded upon,

The Frodsham vestry meeting on Monday was of a rather lively character. Mr. Robert Foulkes has for some time now been to the fore at these annual meetings with his protests against what he terms the Romanising of the Church of England. His " low " church views are diametrically opposed to the " high " churchism of the Vicar of Frodsham. He took objection to the surplices used by the choir; the decorating of the church with flowers ; the chanting of the responses to the ten command- ments; the introduction of hymns "Ancient and Modern,' some of which he contended were popish, teaching baptismal regeneration, the worship of Mary, apostolic succesion, etc. These are some of his many objections. Although but few would be prepared to coincide with him in all the points he raised and protested against, yet it is apparent that the Established Church shows signs of pitching its tents a day's march nearer Rome. At one time a great deal was heard of the Church of England being the" bulwarks of Protestantism," but it is to be feared that if it ever were so, it would not now be very secure.

A notable feature of the Runcorn Parish Church

vestry meeting was the very long metre the Vicar gave his audience in his address. He surely must have satisfied the most zealous churchman present. A good number of points were touched upon, and the address was tinged with a little quiet sarcasm. It transpires that in one of the charities the sum of is. 7d. is given for distribution amongst the poor. In referring to this he said as it was not an eccle- siastical charity he took it for granted that Mr. llinison and thy Council would able to have a voice in the distribution of the Is 7d., and no doubt that would be highly gratifying to them. If they would appoint a trustee to look after the Is. 7d. he would be most glad to appoint another so that the money would not go astray. Of cAirse, it is all very well for the Vicar to poke fun at sash a body as the Council doling out the small sum of Is. 7d., but as the Vicar admitted, in the course of a few years , another ctrarity must come under the Council's care, and in course of time there may be a goodly sum to distribute, which, perhap& will be done as well, if not better, than has been the case by repre- sentatives of the Church of England.

The Vicar had also•something. to say about church rates. "If a church rate were laid in Runcorn," he said, "it would be like calling upon the spirits from the vasty deep." From this it may be presumed that he is speaking from experience. Ht. has found that the levying of church ratesuiow that they have become voluntary, is a complettrfailure, and that in the event of the Parish church requiring repair or 'improvement, the funds would have to, come through a very different channethan by &church rate.. From this point the Vicar proceedeclto tell his hearers that the Established Church wasrwhat he might call Socialism applied to• Christianity. "The Established Church was socialistic in-so-much as it provided religion for everybody who liked to make use of it free." The same argument might be used' with regard to the other churches, for what- ever is given towards their support, is done so vol- untarily. A socialist would place himself in a very uncomfortable position, even in the Established Church, if he resolutely refused to contribute, when. the collection plate came round with its usual regu- larity.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RU NCO RN..

The annual report for this Institute has just been sued. It has bcen prepared by Mr. William Shaw, rnis-1 sionary, and the following extracts may be of general, interest :—" I am thankful to say that the work at this - Branch has not been without encouragement during the year 1894, for, although for the most part the work,here• as elsewhere, is literally bred cast upon the watersond many days may pass before the fruit appears, yet as the years go by the Master is pleased to allow some results to be seen. My visits to the vessels and canal boats have been welcomed Isy 01, and my humble services, in many cases of accident and death among the floating popula- tion during the year, have been thankfully received. I have assisted several to the hospital, and, in case of death,l have been enabled to assist in having the bodies removed to their homes. In two cases,where they have been interred in Runcorn, they have been buried in the 'Sailors' Grave.'"

"The Institute work has this year been very gratifying from the way in which the men have attended the ser- vices in the evenings during the cold winter months. The Institute is a great boon to the men." " The meetings at the Mission Church are very well attended, and there is, no doubt sailors like a good hearty service in which they can "The Sunday School lam thankful is well attended and! believe God is blessing this branch of the work. The Band of Hope meetings have been well attended, and I am pleased to say that Mr. Albert Abel is now taking a great interest in this particular work." " The weekly entertainments and magic lantern lec- tures have been this year successful. Seamen and canal men communicants, 12; teachers and workers, 147 ; pledges taken, 22 ; bags of reading given, 136; letters wriden, 302. The following ladies and gentlemen have kindly sent us parcels of literature :—Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Langshaw, Mr. Darwelt, Mr. Bkkett, Mrs. Withington, Mr. Shaw-Reader, Mrs. Horworth, Mrs. Waterworth, Mr. Elaydock, Mrs. Brierly, Mr. Somerrield, Mrs. Marsh, Mr. Jones (librarian),, Mr. Clarke, Mrs. Barker, Miss Johnson. Mrs. Derbyshire, Mr. J. Shaw, Mrs. Richard, Mr. P. Shaw and Mrs. Brown."

===== 0002601_18950420_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

--- WESLEYAN Cauxerr..—On Easter Monday eveninik a magic lantern exhibition was given in the schoolroom by Mr. J. Robinson, of Runcorn. Mr. Gamon took the chair, and the Rev. J. H. Tite explained the pictures. Some of the views were illustrative of our Lord's cruci- fiction, resurrection, and ascension, and incidents con- nected therewith. The following mnsical programms was gone through i—Sobs, Mr. Morris ; pianoforte duet, Miss Boys and Miss Percival ; solo, Mr. H. Rowe; solo, Mr. Morris ; duet,Mr. and Mrs. Leathwnod ; solo, Rev.J. H. Tite ; and sob, Mr. Leathwood. There was a very large gathering, and a most enjoyable evening was spent.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTERTIDE AT RUNCORN.

Beautifully fine weather prevailed during Eastertide,. and the holidays have been spent in a joyous manner. Special services were held on Friday at the various churches. At the evening service at the Parish Church • a service of song entitled " The Man of Sorrows "w rendered by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. James Littler. At St. John's Presbyterian Church,a tea and musical entertainment was held in the schoo'room on Good Friday. A good number partook of tea under the presidency of the Rev. J. Pulford Williams-(pastor). An interesting programme was gone through. Songs were given by Mrs. Temperley, Miss S. P. Hayes, and Dr. HarrOp :violin solo, Miss Temperley ; piano duet, I Miss Pope and Miss Harrop ; mandoline duet, the Ittisses r Warburton ; piano solo, Miss M. Jones ; and a duet by Mr. and Mrs. Burns. Glees were given by a party con- sisting of Mrs. T3mperlev, Mrs. R. Yates, and Miss. S. P. Hayes, Mr.R.Yates, Mr.T. Charleston, and Mr.A. Robin- son. On Sunday, the churches were tastefully decorated, Lenten lilies being the principal floral adornment intro- duced. At the Parish Church the musical part was more than usually interesting, the air " But Thou did'st not ' leave his soul in hell" (Mr. James Littler singing the solo) and the chorus " Worthy is the Lanala that was slain " were given with great effect. Following the sermon came the " Hallelujah Chorus." At the Wesleyan Churches the great festival was also recognized and appropriate sermons preached. At St.PauPs,Halton-road and Camden Wesleyan Chapels special pieces were sung by the choirs. At the Congregational Church addresses appropriate to the day were given by the Rev. J. Simp- son. The choir rendered anthems, Misses N. Lunt and Rodgers gave a duet, and a quartette was given by Miss Maggie Hetherington, Messrs. Gowanlock, E Worrall, and Lunt. St. Ed ~vards Catholic Church was also neatly decorated, and the services were well attended. At the Holy Trinity Church special services were held —On Monday large numbers of people left the town for various places. The chief attraction at Runcorn was the football match between Widnes and Runcorn, and the game was witnessed by a large concourse of people.

,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON PARISH COUNCIL

The annual meeting of this council was held on MPS. day evening. The Nev. G. D. Wray occupied the chair, end there were also present :—Messrs. tzstbury, Jeacock, Avkerley, Birch, Hughes, Stokes, letndall, Reynolds, sker, Barrow and Woodier (clerk).

===== 0002601_18950420_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAIRMAN AND VlCETclimnren,

Mr. Hughes moved that the Bev. G. D. Wray be chairman for the ensuing n months, and said he had great pleasure in do?hg Ackerley seconded the motion.—Mr. Barrow proposed an amendment that Mr. Reynolds be the chairman,of the council'. He was a Jus- tice of the Peace and had done an amount of good in the district.—Mr. Looker seconded the amendment.—Mr. Beynords said he, was very'mnch obli;red to the gentle- who had proposed him;. but he conld not possibly ,accept ne invitation and b'ecoine chairman. It was hardly necessary to put the amendment to themeetim,. —NO other person was proposed, and the Rev. G. D. Wray was appointed.—The Gfaairman said be was very much obliged for the honour conferred upon him. Be would do his best to act in a sttictly impartial manner in all matters that Came before. them.—Mr. McCulloch was, on the motion of Mr. Birch, seconded by Mrt Ran- dall; appointed vice-chairman of the Council.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
STANDING C RDVI/S.

The Chainman said he had ty copy of some MOdtii standing gem, prepared by tPia County Council' Assn- ciation,.and'ne thoug.ht it woniti be advisable to ger sufficient copies for each member. It would be weft to have a few standing orders. This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTIHENT OF GVeII;SECRS.

Mr. Lookerproposed that they thank the two retiring overseers fbr their services, and 're-appoint them for-the ensuing year.—Mr. Astbury secontied the proposit;on, and Mr. Stokes supported Wright said be was not sure when he came to the-meeting that his re—l appointment as-overseer would be proposed. He would ask them to Airily excuse him serving any more in that capacity. He had had 27 years' experience as overseer and he thought someone else should have the honour. it was rather an anomaly for the sante gentleman to held the post of district councillor and'overseer. He wonkl therefore ask 'them to appoint someone else in his place. —Mr. Hughes said as Mr. Wright :Infected to serve as overseer he would move that MY: Rowe be the senior overseer, and TM% Ackerley the nmr mverseer. Reynolds seconded the motion, which was carried un- animously.

SUBIEUTED BANKING ACCOUNT.

Mr. Jeacock thought it would bebetter for the assis-- taut overseer and the • overseers it- the parish had a • banking aceount. It mould save them a great deal of• •trouble and there would be less respernsibility. The Chairman said the Council could eirrig make a recom- mendation. It would be better to /envie the matter with the overseers. The subject then dropped.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTFS- OF THANZSts,

Mr. Stokes said the long servieo of Mr. Wright as overseer should be acknowledged. He had served them- in that capacity for 27 yeats, and lie had very great pleasure in proposing that a minute be recorded thank- ing Mr. Wright for his past s.rviaes.—Mr. Barrow. seconded the motion and it was carried unanimously.— Mr. Wright said he was very mucobliged for the very kind expressions,which had been made. It had given _ him very great preagrire to serve ale township so 10rpg4 and he felt suruthe matter was now in good hands.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A SLIGHT _BRHESIC

Mr. Hughes asked the clerk to give a statement °Atte amount of remuneration received bythesecretary tothe Burial Board.—The Clerk submittad a statement. —The Chairman said the salary was practically £4 per year.— Mr. Hughes sairl the reason he asked for the statement was that Mr. Jeaceek charged bland several friends at the time of the PariTh Council election with unfair play on the Burial Beard. The statement of the Clerk Droved that he (the speaker) had been rigit and Mr. Jeaceek wrong, and that gentleman had'therefore misintormed the public. if Mt. Jeacock had any explanation to give, he would be glad to hear it.—The Chairman said he thought the- matter had been brought for- ward before. When Mr. Hughes asked for the statement ite• was of the opinion that it was for the purpose of considering what compensation to give to the secretary of the Bturial Board if the Council, appointed someone else in his place. It was very inad- visable to take up any electioneering cry at that meet- ing, especially when they ;tad had such Nappy and peaceable meetings ever since the Council was formed. He did not even knew what- afr.Flughes was driving WY, —Mr. Jesenck said he did not think they should allbw Mr. Hughes' remarks to puns without notice. He could tell Mr. Hughes plainly th.bc be (Mr. Jeaaock) had not said a word that ceuld nct be preyed to. be true.—The Chairmaresaid anything,fUrther on the 'natter was out of order.—Mr. Barrow said it could not be as it was on the agenda paper.—The Chairman saqo go into the matter which had been raised was dAtinctly out of o rder.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 111R111134 BOARD SRCRNIARY.

Mr. Looker propoqed that the Council retain the ser- vices of the present secretary of the Burial Board.-4 P. Hughes seconded.—Mr. Jeacock proposed an amend- ment that the Clerk to the Council should also be the secretary to the Burial Board. He thought it would be ridiculous to have the work divided, and to have two persons nreqpnt at their meetings, one being Clerk to the Council and the other to the Burial Board. —Mr. Randall seconded the amendment, which on being pot bo the vote was carried. TRH CLERICS SALARY.

Mr. Looker then proposed that the Clerk receive £l5 per yesr for his iw•rvices as Clerk to the Council and also to the Burial Board.—This was net seeonded.—Mr. Stokes proposed that thP sum be ZIO. Mr. Birch se- conded. This was carried. The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
wESTON POINT.

iy OF li)wts —At the opening of the bowling green attached to the Weaver H.Ael a main of bowls was played on Saturday. The priz consistea of a copper kettle, given by Mr. Coyle. the nrenrietor. and a number of monetatv rewards. Mr. S. Johnsln won the first prize, Mr. F. gOOIC4 2nd, and Mr. James Woods 3rd. V.v.:a were twelve entries.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18950420_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The annual meeting of this Board was held on Tues- day at Dutton Workhouse. The members of the Run- corn Rural District Council were present in addition to the Rev. Canon Wood, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., A. R. Norman, S. Yarwood, Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and M. G. Ashton (deputy clerk).—Mr. Heywood proposed that Mr. Knowles be the chairman of the Board. Mr. Jones seconded the motion.—Mr. S. Taylor supported, and the motion was carried unanimously.—Mr. Knowles acknowledged the honour conferred upon him.—Three persons were proposed for the position of vice-chairman. viz.: Mr. Heywood, Mr. Stokes and Mr. Brandreth. The two former gentlemen retired in favour of Mr. Brandreth who was unanimously elected. Tho Local Government Board in reply to an inquiry as ' to whether having regard to the time fixed by the Local Crovernruent Act, 1894, for the appointment of Overseers by parish nooncils, the Guardians might make their con- tribution orders on the present Overseers, stated that the contribution orders of the Guardians must be ad- dressed to the Overseers by name who were in office when the orders were issued and as it seemed doubtful whether the Guardians could enforce any orders against the new Overseers which were not issued to them, the Board thought that the Guardians sheuld,if practicable, defer the 118n0 of contribUtion emlers till the new Over- ii Were appointed. It was reported that there had been two applications in response to an advertisement for an assistant matron. One had failed to attend the meeting,and the other after visiting the house had declined the situation.—Mr. Priestner said he was very glad as that would end the matter.—Mr. Norman said the Ladies' Committee were very persistent in their recommendation that the matron required assistance. She had the whole of the cutting out of the Clothing for the children. He was in favour of economy, but protested against their being too bird upon the officers and the house. A long discussion after- wards took place,taken part in by Mossrs.Roylance,Tay- lor, Stokes, and Brandreth. It was ultimately decided on the motion of Mr. Woodward, seconded by the Rev. Canon Wood, that the whole Board consider the question at the next meeting of the Board.—Mr. Heywood pre- sented the accounts of the Finance Committee and cheques were signed for out relief as follows :—Runcorn, £95; Frodsham, £32 ; Budworth, £2o.—The Chairman said that after the last Board meeting Mr. Dansey visited the house with Dr. Fuller,medical inspector to the Local Government Board, and reported that it was imperative that another nurse be appointed without delay.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

DMYMYING A Somas.—On Thursday at Frodsham Police Court before Nir. A. Thomas and DrAteele,Joseph Garner, of Church-street, Frodsham, was charged wider a warrant with disobedience to a summons for being drunk on the licensed premises of the Chohnondeley Arms, on March 9th. He Was apprehended at Birken- head on the previous day. P.C. Price stated the facts. A fine of 20s. including costs was imposed, or a month's imprisonment. The money was paid.

Perusn Cuunrtt.—On Good rriday evening a lantern service entitled the "Crucifixion "was held. The lan- tern was manipulated by Mr. Ffatton. After the even- ing service. the organist, Mr. R. Birltett-Musgrove gave an organ recital, when the Church was crowded. The pieces submitted were chorus, " Lift up your heads " (*lsiah) Handel ; chorus, " Worthy is the Lamb " (Messiah) Handel ; churns," Halleluiah ". (Handel) air, " I Lkriow that my redeemer liveth Romance sans paroles ; sacred song, " The Holy City "; Andante, " Hymn of the nuns," The pieces were creditably given. _ .

PREZTENTATION TO A FZEIEITASON.—A al-Testing of the Cholmondeley Lodge of Antient Free arid Accepted Masons, was held in the Masonic rooms, Main-street, Frodshans. Bro. S. Davies. presided. A presentation I was made•to Bro. J.Wal w vn• White.P.M. in commemora- tion of hie ibrthcoming, marria.ge. The presentation cots- sisted of a handsome massive.sterling silver salver. it was nicely chased and engraved.. and contained the Choi- mondeley coat of arms. in addition to a suitable'inscrip• don. It was presented by the Warrington Masons who alluded to the service rendered to Masonry hp Bro. White, and conveyed to him thrhearty congratelati..ns and best wishes of the brethren,. Short speeches were also made by Bins, aevwood, Flolland, and Smith,. Br( . White suitably-replied, and the brethren then partcolrof supper.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PARISH CormcrellWasmisro.—On Monday evening Vie annual meeting of the Weston Palish COuvcil was held. There were preaerit:.—Hev. Canon Mod, Roy. D. Bowen, Messrs. T:.'l; Sid, Vose, James'Tudor, Samuel :Basnett, John Moore, L. Rosenberg, Sweetman, iSamuel Savage and'Guest, and Mr. J. Collier (clerk).— 'The Rev. Canon Weod was unanimously re-appointed 'chairman on the motion of Mr. Sill, seconded' by Mr. L. Rosenberg. The Chairman thanked the members for jtheir renewal of confidence in him.—Refevring to the 'appointment of a schoaattendance office t for Weston, ;the Chairman said that as- tho council was constituted by 'the Rural District Counciletrattendance committee under the School Acts, it was neceseary that they shonfd fir a Idate for a meeting to be held toconsider the appfications for the vacant office. It was, decided that the- &police- .tions should be considered'om Friday evening, the 26th ,inst. —Mr. Sill prow,sed that Messrs. E. Aaron and ' Thomas Ford be re-el*cted overseers. Mr. RAsPrrherg zeconded, and the motion time carried unaMnsocislv. —The Rev. D. S. Bowen moved that the council' draw the attention of the District Council to the see'e ; ptliouth-road and Post Office-mart Weston Pok:t He paid he knew as a Parish Coun3il they had no power to do anything with the roads,.buthernored his metiort in order to- strengthen the bands of'their representei,APS en the District Council who would firing' the sobj,--,t for- ward at the earliest possible opportunity. The radli at WeetomPoint were the wsrst in Cheshire. The erijerity of the landlords were in favour of putting the roads in order. Mr. Vose seconded the reeolbtion. After a short discussinn the motion was- carried unnnimousle.—firr, sill moved that the Coning take steps to have their cleet elected a member of the Parish and Rural Di'Atict Council Association, and pay the- subscription for such' membership. He said that by paying an annual' sub- seri-Ohm of one guinea tfroir,cierlt cook] obtain a /Seal' opinion on any point arisin4. in: their discussions. Mr:. Rosonberg seconded,and the-resolution wascarried—Mr, Vose- moved a resolution that a request be sent to the District Council to appoint ties Weston Parish Councir paroshiat committee. If this were done they calla deatwith the nightfall!. They' were- wfthout a proper system, at the present time. Other matters would also e.rop up which would need the attention ef the Parochial' Committee.—Mr. Tudor seconded thsntotion.—The Rev:. D. S. Rbwen, Mr. Guest and' P.. Rbsenberg also spoke. An amendment that a presentment be made to the Dfs, triet•Council for the removal, of the nightsoil was carried' by seven votes to- three.—Mr 4 Savage moved that a parish mortuary be erected in-the township of Weston.. Lie referred to the necessity of' such a place, mentioning the great number of draw ning eases at Weston Point. Mn Bowen seconded.—Mr. Sill rrEved an amendment that as. there haod been no complaint from, the coroner or juries; about the accommodation hitherto. provided, the con-. sideration of the motion be po34pooed for Six months. Mt..Rbsenburg seconded, ant} the amendment was car,- riedi—Mr. Sill moved that the appnintruent of the assist,- ant overseer be revoked and that he be reappointed at a salary ef £72 per annum. This was an increase of £1 per annurn.—The resolution was carried.—With regard to the publication of the names of the recipients of the Otred charity, it was decides] that a list of names be placed for inspection at the post offices.—After a number- of cheques had been signed, the meeting terminated. ViIiDDYNG.—The marriage of Mr. Alexander Rennan,of Rhayader, Radnorshire, with Miss Jennie Dutton' Weston ,was solemnized at the Etnneorn Parish Church on Monday afternoon. The Rev. A. J. Jameson was the offitiating clergyman. Mr.. Carson of Rhayader, acted' as hest man. The newly married couple were the re- cipients of numerous valuable presents. In the after— noon they left for the Isle of Man where the honeynoon is. being spent.

ie-)

===== 0002601_18950420_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
PENTCETH.

EASTER HOLIDATS.—Tho holiday' this year have been kept up as enthusiastically as ever, Easter seeming to be the popular holiday time of the year. The works were closed from Thursday night till Tuesday morning. The usual re-union of old schohrs and parents and friends,. took place at the Friends School on Good Friday,. the present, and old scholars taking part in a game of foot- ball in which the old sesolars were beaten. • C. Bbrton the popular Warrington threequarter was in the ranks of the defeated ones, the association game, however, being a trifle strange to tha Rugby man. The usual enter- tainment was given in the Lecture room in the evening, the programme being arranged by the scholars and friends. The annual tea meeting and concert was held at the Wesleyan School and was a decided Success, At the concert ,the Secretary's report for the year was read, followed by the distribution of prizes for attendance. Selections were played by the Wesleyan brass band,who had paraded the village during the afternoon, under the conductorship of Mr. J. Bowyer. The boat.race on Saturday drew a large number of spectators to the river side. The number of pleasure seekers who left the village on Monday for•various destinations was very large, cyclists especially being in evidence. CONFIRMATION SERVICR.—A. confirmation service was held on Wednesday afternoon a--; St. Mary's Cnurch, Sankey. There were 25 young ladies and girls and 12 men presentlo be confirmed. The Rev. R. Royston con- ducted, the ceremony being also attended 'by Rev. E. S. Jackson, vicar, and Rev. J. R. Jones. The Bishop ad. dressed a very earnest and impressive address to the confirinees. There was a large gathering of people to witness the interesting ceremony.

LADITS9' UUBRULAS and SIINSKADES in Intmenee variety. PrAxB, 17, Sattkey.tt,, Watringtop,—,4d,•,

itiorMSE

===== 0002601_18950420_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT AT HAYDOCK LODGE.

In order to raise funds towards the liquidation of the Ashton Church debt, a dramatic performance was given at Haydock Lodge on Wednesday evening. The stage at the end of the long room was appropriately fitted up, the drop scene, which had been specially painted by Miss F.N.Street, for the production, being very cleverly executed. It was a view of Billings Hill, as seen from Golborne Park gates, Haydock Lodge nestling amongst the trees as an intermediary, while the foreground was a freshlrcut corn field,the sheaves standing out in bold relief, the whole representation being quite natural. There was a very fair audience, consisting of the elite of the neighbourhood. An orchestra under the conduc- torship of Mr. R. H. Pearson,supplied the musical inter- ludes,the programme including :—Overture, "Bohemian Girl ; valse, "Casino Tanze'' ; barn dance, " Go. Bang " ; valse, " Liebestreue " ; gavotte, "La Duchesse." The productions were an original play in one act by Sydney Grundy, "In Honour Bound," and a farce in one act by J. M. Morton, Esq., " Poor Pali- ' noddy." In the former the characters were :—" Sir George Ca.rlyon, Q.C., M.P., Mr. Buchanan Brown ; " Philip Graham," Mr. T. Ellis ; " Lady Carlyon," Mrs. Street ; "Rose Dalrymple," Miss Mould. ..Che acting all round was really good, althouqh the p t!'t of "Philip" was characterised by a little stiffness. Mr. Brown was quite at home in his part. and Mrs. Street made an ex- cellent repentant wife. Miss Mould threw just enough vivacity into her ac!drig to rent‘r it pleasingly accept- able. In the farce of " Poor piiricodds,' the characters were :—" Mr. Pdlicoddy," Mr. Buchanan Brown ; " Captain O'Scuttle," Mr. Street ; " Mrs. Pilficoddy," .Miss Mould ; "Mrs. O'Scuttle," Mrs. Street ; " Sarah Blunt," Mrs. Buchanan Brown. The representation was perfectly enjlyable throughout, and the various char- acters were repeatedly applaaded. The -performances were repeated on Thursday evening.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOA RD OF GUARDIANS

The annual meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday. The chair was occupied pro tent by Mr. J. C. Sutton, and there were also present Mrs. Clay, Revs. .r. R. Matthews, Father Moore, G. F. Roberts, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, W. Hickman, J. Clarke, T Halton, T. B. Malkin, J. Warburton, A. Jolley, T. Mather, J. W. Knowles, J. Houghton, H. Hibbert, G. Pilling, W. Houghton, J. Dignum, Dr. Patterson, .1. Bil- lings, W. Cross, J. Ball, E. L. Bent, G. Thompson, S. Sutton (assis. clerk), C.H. Ward (master), H. M. Mines (superintendent).

===== 0002601_18950420_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN.

After the CLERK had taken the chair, he said that he was in receipt of a letter from Mr. S. Davies who was unable to be present owing to an attack of lumbago. He hoped that the Board would re-elect Mr. W. Houghton chairman for another year. He himself would be will- ing to take his position as senior vice chairman.—Mr. HIBTIERT then moved that Mr. William Houghton be re- elected chairman for the ensuing year. He said that he did not as a rule think that a chairman should hold the position for over twelve months.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY in seconding the nomination said that lie thought that ! when they got a good man, they should keep him.—Mr. CLARK supported the nomination, which on being put to the Board was carried unanimously.—Mr. HOUGHTON, on taking the chair, thanked the members for again placing him in that position. During .the coming year, some important work would have to be done, as the Board had committed themselves to the improvement of the Infirmary, but he was glad that there was a very competent Board to do it. .

ELECTION or vice CHAIRMAN, Mr. KNOWLES moved that Mr. S. Davies be again senior vice chairman for the ensuing year.—Mr.Dignum seconded, and the resolution was carried unanimously. --Afr.lFlmingsr:moved the re-election of Mr. Piling as jrunior vice chairman.—Mr. Dignum seconded, and the resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
POWERS OF THE LADTHE -COMMITTEE%

The CRAIRMAN moved, and Mr. CLARKE seconded the usiral standing rules wit' the addition of the following : " That, subject to any alteration the Board may decide upon, the several committees, inclusive of Ur Ladies' Committee, appointed by the present Board be re-ap- pointed and continue in office until the annual Board meeting in 1898, that the members of the Ladies'Coin- mittee have the same authority as that of the Guardians to visit either the Workhouse or Ind ustral Schools at any time, that each committee appoint thehr own chairman and vice-chairman, and such sub-committees as they deem necessary, and that except as to committees the number of members upon which is limited by statute, it shall be competent for any committee, upon any occa- sion of the ,sresenee of a Guardian who has not been elected by the Board a member thereof,. to addr for the occasion, the name of the Guardian to their list, as though he or she had been elected by the Beard a member of the committre."—' Mr.KNowLas said that he bad an amendment to move to the above resolution. lir appointing the Ladies' Com- mittee, the Board did not appoint them to discharge the duties of Guardians. They were appointed to do certain duties, but he felt strongly that the Guardians were elected by the ratepayers to manage the workhouse and to act on their behalf as Pborlaw Guardians. BA thought that if they elected other persons practically to discharge their duties, they were shirkiag their duties. He moved as an amendment that the members of the Ladies' Com- mittee be at liberty to visit either the house or the schools on four days a week, at such hours between nine in the forenoon and five in the afternon as thy shall appoint. The Ladies' Committee shall fur- furnish the officials with the days and times at which they have arranged to,visit the house or schools.. He did not think they ought to have the same privileges, as the Guardians had.—Mr. E: L.Bearr seconded the amend- ment.—Mr.A.J.JoLLEv-hoped that the Guardians would carefully weigh the matter before recording their votes. He thought it was extremely unfair that the amend- ments should be proposed in that form, and that the Ladies' Committee should lae thus hampered in the dis- charge of their duties. Those duties were already suffi. ciently unpleasant, but they had been discharged in an admirable manner. TneLadies Committee had already rendered most substantiatservice to the Guardians. He therefore sincerely hoped' that the Guardians would by a large majority reject the amendment. They ought to have confidence in the Ladies' Committee but the amend- ment-seemed to imply they had not. Fir did not wish to cast any reflection upon any officer, but if they did theirduty they had nothing..totiread from surprise visits but if there were officers in the Union not doing their duty, the sooner they were dealt with the bettea. The Board had appointed the LadieeChmmittee three months ago to, inspect certain parts. of the institution, therefore they ought not to try to hamper them, but give them the fullest recognition to enable them to do their work with perfect liberty. Be hoped that the motion would be carried almost unanimously,—Mrs. CLAY agreed with Mr. Jbiley and hoped that the amendment would be defeated.—Mr. BILLINGE spee strongly in favov.r of. the motion, Ile hoped the Board would not cripple the action of the Ladies' Committee.. He wished also to ask the Clerk whether the Guardians were at liberty to bring a friend to the House when they wished.— TheCansix said that no Guardian was at liberty to in- troduce a visitor into either the House or the schools. Of course it would be a matter of courtesy to allow him to do so, but he had no legal right.—The amendment was then put to the vote, and the following members voted for it Rev. Father Moore, Messrs. A. Jolley, 13. L. Bent,.T. Mather, J. W. Knowles, H. ilibbert, L. War- burton, 7. Against : All the remaining members of the Board. The amendment was therefore lost by a largo maiority, and the motion was then put to the meeting and carried.

BUILDING RWAIVIS COMMITTEE,.

On the motion of Mr. A J. JOLLEY, seconded:hw Mr.. PrOLINGt,, Messrs. Thompson, Hickman,Cress, and Halton were appointed a Building Repairs Committee.

VISITORS TC.M.LIgATIC ASYLUMS. Mrs, Clay, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, Dr. Patterson,. Ball, Knowles, Hickman, Halton, Cross, Billings, Brat,,and the Hews. Father Moore„and T. R. Matthews were ap— ' pointed the visitors to the lunatic asylums for the•onsu- lug year.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSFER a CHESHIRE PhRISHES.

- The CLERK reported that the arrangements for the - transfer of the Cheshire parishes to the Runcorn Union had been signed. The rateable value of the Union at the time of the transfer was £357,106, and they lost by the transfer £17,339, thus reducing their rateable- value to £330,767. At the present time, however, the rateable value had risen to a347332,and if the proposed extension of the borough of Warrington were granted,, they would have a further increase of £5,600. If Winwick asylum were built, their assessment would be further in- creased.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE OF MAXIIRE.

Mr. TwomPsoet asked what was the price of the manure which was supplied for the garden at the Workhous.—Mr. WARD said that it was stable manure and cost 78.6 d. per ton.—Mr. Thompson thought the price was excessive, and some of the manure which was brought in WFIS very wet.—Mr. WARN said that allow- ance had been made for that.—Mr. Caws also ex- pressed an opinion that the price was very high, but Mr.Hibbert on the other hand thought it was reasonable. The mattos was allowed to drop after some further dis- cussion.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FIREWOOD TENDERS.

The CLERK, said that three persons had tendered to supply wood for firewood, via., Mr. Robert Isherwood. the Warrington Slate Co., and Mr. Robert Heaton. The latter sent M th, lowest price which was for Ship Canal sleepers.—Mr. A. J. JOLLET proposed that Mr. Heaton's tender be accepted.—Mr. HIRBERT seconded.—Mr. KNOWLES thought that specimens of the wood should be seen. It might be better to give a high price for one kind of wood, than a low price for another. He proposed that the acceptance of tenders be postponed, and that the three who had tendered be invited to send specimens. —Mr. Tuoarsow seconded.—Mr. CROSS moved that the Guardians see the bulk. Anything could be sent as a sample.—lt was explained to Mr. Cro t hat the tenderers would be bound by the sample and he would then with- drew his motion, and Mr. Knowles mottos was carried. This terminated toe pro,:qedings.

abbertiOnunts not elaottieb.

MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN, RUNCORN.

-- 1 On TUESDAY, APRIL 23RD, a Grand CONCERT of VOCAL and INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC will be given in the PUBLIC HALL. RUNCORN. in aid of the Sailors' Grave arid Monument Fund by the Band and Choir of the Training Ship, Indefatigable. Concert to commence at 7.45. Iteserveel seats, Is. 6d.: body of hall and side gallery. le. back gallery, 6(1. An afternoon concert will be given at 4.30;

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. A. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at 1113 disposal is open to advance Loins daily from £2 upwards. No fi es charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object. —Apply personally Or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-st., Rarlestown (private, house). Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

WARRINGTON LEAGU OF THE CROSS BAND DRAWING, LIST F WINNING NUM- BERS. 2250. 2997. 2978. 178. 1200. 3346. 2975, 154. 208. 118. 1576. 232. 2920. 2331. 631. 1995, 1699 3231. 2665. 1153.

GIRL (respectable) WANTBD, as Gerier Apply DiAs. MARTINDALE, 73, Frederick-street. Widnes.

WANTED, GENERAL. ab nit 13, and young 41,1, to V assist in house work.—ALnioN HOUSE, City-road, Old Trafford, Maneheiter.

U:IOUL Maid WANTED for oue LADY, plain sewing, two in family ; c0..1c and Imusernaid krpt ; comfortable situation; good wages.—Ms. PIPF., 50, Edgware-road, Hyde Park, London.

WORKING HOUSIiKREP/ift.—Situation Wanted; good Cooke economical manager ; neat, orderly. and care- ful; first-class references.—J. T., 31, C!ane-street, Chester.

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN AND GREAT-WESTERN JOINT RAILWAYS.—WIRRAL HUNT STEEPLECOASES, :•DATI./ • DAY, APRIL 27r11, 1895. On this occasion a CHEAP FAST EXCURSION TRAIN to PARRGATE will leave MANCHESTER (Ex- change) at 9.45 a.m. ; WARRINGTON (Bank Quay) 10.25 a.m. • and DARESBURY,IO.3O a.m., returning from Park- gate the same day by SPECIAL TRAIN at 5.25 pm. For particulars as to times, fares. .to., see bills to be obtained at the stations, and the usual enquiry offices W. THORNE, S•Terlotendent. iireweb• -- W

Shrewsbury, April 1895

ANTED, respectable G ENREAL SERVANT. able to wash and h on, 18 to 20.-223, MONTOX-ROAD, Eccles, Manchester.

WANTBD, Co'do, Gene!.;Os, ursArnai ;is and Young Girls, characters required. Mrs. ASHWORTH, 39, Walmersley-road, Bury, Lancashire.

SHND Poet Card for Free Patterns f high-class Dress and Suiting Serges.— SERGE SUPPLY CO.. lland.

pooKs, Kitchenmaid., Generals. Waitresses, Housemaids and Nurses, Head and tinder, suited immediately, wages from £lO to £4O; enclose stamp for reply or call.—Miss ROBERTS. 13, Parker-street, Liverpool.

(„ZPRING CLEANING.—The original recipe for cleaning kJ papered walls and ceilings!, making them look like new ; money return‘d if not genuine ; it will save you Donn& ; Post free 7 stamps.—J. F. CRO9SLiND, Taushelf Court, Pontefract.

WANTRD, clever GIST BERAIr„ abont 20, with good refer- ences ; superior pleasant shnstion ; family two ; occasionally young girl kept also Apply by letter for particulars.—BßOCKWELL, Manningham, Bradford, York- shire.

TO CYCLISTS. BEFORE CHOOSING YOUR MOUNT jint have A LOOK AT OUR 1895 MODELS. COMPARE OUR PRICKS,. QUALITY, AND FINISH. This will satiqv you. BUY ONLY THE BEST MAKE AT THE LOWEST CAST* PRICE. THE PREMIER, NEW RAPID, EXCELSIOR, ancl B. AND A. CYCLES ARE THE BEST. SOLE AGENT G4-ARLAND,

IRONITONGBIt, BRIDOB-STRBBT, *ARRINGTOM.. Our Tert Guinea Bayliss Thomas Excelsior Pneumatics Safety, best value in the district. Don't miss it. If tilway fares allowed to Purchasers.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARREN GTON.,

FOR THE TOILET. for the bath, for the laundry, Cockatoo. Sap is unequaled.—Advt.

SIIMENT DE A 711 AT PA DOATR. Mrs. Ellen Wood, wife ~f Mr. Peter Wood, coa? agent, residing in Stocks-lane, was found' dsad' bed on sundhy ganrning. Deceased had an attack, ot influenz t aboat. four year.; ago, end had since' complainet uf ssin in the region of the heartrbut bad not been medically attended. It is stated than' Mrs. Wood was vary much upset on Saturday night: in consequence 0 a drunken brawl taking place near her residence, and did not retire to rest mad about ten o'clock. The next morning when her husband awoke, at 6;30 a.m.,he found her dead with, her left hand pressed over her heart. hr the course of his sermon at the Sunday morning service at Christ Church the Vicar said perhaps they would pardon him for refening to the death of the lady who had been found dead in tied that morning. Hers had' been a most ble.ssed life. The late Mrs. Wood was a most regular attendant at the Church services and her well-known figure was missed by' a large congregation on Sunday.

SEWING MACHINES. Han I£2 18s. 6d. Trp (11e, £4 4e. with handsome wklnut cover.—J ao.t W. DUTTON 15 and 13 Sankow-‘t.. Warrington.—Advt.

TrumwALL PARrarr COTINML MENTRIG. The annual meeting of the above Connell was held in the Schoolroom, Thelwall on TueQdav night. There were present—the Rev. T, P: Williamson, Admiral Jones Parry evire-chairman), Mr. H. Roe- buck (crerk),and Messrs. P. Warburton, G. Lambert, N. Taylor. T. Shenton, W. Davidson, W. Tinsley, William Houghton, and W. H. Reckly. Mr. David- son proposed that Admiral Jones-Parry be in the chair inv irns. This was seconded and carried. It was afterwards proposed by Admiral Jones Parry that the Rev. T. I'. Williamson He appointed chair- man, This was seconded by Mr. G. Laninert and unanimously carried. Mr. W. H. Becklv proposed that Admiral Jones Etrry be re-elected vice-chair- man, This was seconded by Mr. P. Warburton and ' carried. It was proposed by Admiral Jones Perry, and seconded by Mr. W. Tinsley, that Mr. William Houghton be appointed one of the overseers. It was proposed by W. E. Bleckly, and seconded by MT. William Houghton that Mr. Davidson be ap- pointed the other overseer, These motions were mnanimonsly carried. Mr. W. B. Cooke, school- !master, was appointed assistant overseer to the ICouncil at a salary of £35 a year, Oun Norsn Kin GLoras, Is, Sid. per pair, in sit shades— ' Brass, r 7, Sankey-st., Warrington. -Adv.

WARRIN&TON BOAT RACE. The interest in the Warrington and Bank Quay boat race has this year shown no abatement,and on Saturday afternoon when it took place,there was a tremendous crowd fining the river to watch the boats come in. The-afternonn was extremely fine, and this without doubt added greatly to the num- ber of spectators. Another additional attraction thia year is the fact that the winner becomes the bolder of a fine silver cup, which has be,..-n supplied by Messrs. E. and A. Eustanee, jewellers, Sankey- et.. The cup is held for one year only, but should any boat win it for three consecutive years, it be- coines the property of the owner. There were ten competitors who entered For the race, but the St. George, 21ft., captained by J Green, did not take part. The following were the names of the re- maining nine contestants, with the cap Pains and dimensions ;—Pink,W.Warburton,ls feet ; Florence, W. Meal, 20 feet; Maggie, R. Burthem, 22 feet ; Wildflower, H. Warburton, jun., 22 feet; Woodcock, .J. Peers, 22 feet ; Merlin, H. Turner, 22 feet ; Siota, J. Lee, 24 feet ; Silver Cloud, J. Jefferson, 27 feet; Gipsy, J. Davison, 30 feet. Mr. F. True.- cot's acted as number taker, and Mr. J. Whitlow adjudicated. The boots were handicapped at half a minute per foot. They started from Widnes a little after flood tide, and had a slight breeze be- hind them. A. splendid run was made, but the Pink, which had the first start, kept the lead the whole of the way, and won the race by seven minutes before the next boat. The race finished at Atherton's Quay, near to Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co.'s Works. The following was the order and the time at which the boats finished the run :-1, Pink, 3.3 ; 2, Gipsy, 310 ; 3, Maggie, 3.12; 4, Wildflower. 3.16 : 5, Woodcock, 3.16 k; 6, Siesta, 3.17; 7, Silver Cloud, 317 k; 8, Merlin, 3.191; 9, Florence, 321 k. The winner was greeted with loud cheers by the large crowd which lined the banks. On Tuesday the silver cup was presented to the winner at the Ship Inn, Liverpool-road,the club's headquarters. MANTLES, JACKETS. CAPPS and COSTUMES—the largest stock in Warrington.—Eyaxs, 17, Sankey-t.—Adv. A SPLENDID ASSOPTMF-NT of Ladies Skirts and Blouses.— EVANS, 17, Sankey-et., Warrington.—Adr. noWEINGINU MACHININ.—GavLaxn, Ironmonger, Wan- Au. HOUSEHOLD Licrice hemmed and marked, free of chargo.—J. and W. DUTTON. Sankey-st.. Warrington,—

i'l IJONNAII & BELLIAN. LIVERPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTOBT. rl k.)YCLE ACTORS. 4-i SOLE AGENTS FOR

RALEIGIL SWIFT. NSW HOWFC, RAGLAN. SANISPAIHEL. Sco. All Mud. of SudrL. kort, iu stJek..

•

===== 0002601_18950420_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. AND GENERAL WEAKNESS

18, PRESCOT 1-STREET, OFF CLOWES-STREET, WEST GORTON, MANCHESTER, ; DECEMBER 7TII, 1894. DEAR Sin,-1 beg to testify to the value of GIEILVE EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I left my work—l commenced my illness by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was called in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I suffered for over a week of the pains in my head, and the doctor's medicine did me no good, till at last the mistress of thi- house (I am in lodgings here) fell ill with the same symptoms ot illness till her husband advised us to try a bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. lid. bottle, and I may tell you the first &se gave us relief. After this we got a 2s. 9d. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I should have lost no work, and I owe my recovery to the bene- ficial virtues of your medicine, and I beg to tender to you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAGAR. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, &c., and are slaw in recovering their accustomed strength and spirits. GWILYM EVAN6' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or

Mercury. 2. It is a happy combination of Quinine with other Medicines. 3. It is scientifically prepared. 4. It enjJys the confidence of eminent Medical Men. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by hundreds mf testimonials from all parts of the world. GWILY.SI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in 2s. 9d. and 45. fid. bottles. Samples is. ifgr See the name " Gwilyni Evans" on,stamp, label, and bottle. ibis is important, as there are numerous. imitations. ' PROPR lETORS : QUININE BITTERS CO., LTD. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THEFT OF WEA RI G APPAREL. At the Borough Police Court on Thursday morning,last week before Alderman Sutton and Lieut. Col. Ridgway, WalterHurnphries,3,Turner-st.,and John Wilson,3,Turn- er-st., were charged with stealing a shirt the property of Margaret Norman, Mersey-st., on Tuesday ; they were also charged with stealing a butcher's slop the property of Frederick John Carlisle,on Tuesday evening. Evidence for the first offence was given by Detective Monaghan who found the prisoners in a lodging-house known as the Black Horse. Witness brought them to the Police Station and charged them with stealing the shirt, value as., arid Humphries said" I took the shirt off the line. He (Wilson) was in the entry and I gave it to him and he took it to the putty shop."—Mr. Hunt said with re- gard to the second charge the complainant was Frederick John Carlisle, and on Tuesday last Elizabeth Didsbury, domestic servant, saw the slop (produced) on the line along with the child's singlet. They were missed shortly after. 8 nd information was given to Detective Monaghan On Wednesday Monaghan found the articles at the Black Horse.—Elizabeth Di.lsbury gave corroborative evidence aad Humphries who had the worst character was sent to gaol for 21 days on the first charge and a conviction recorded in the second. Wilson was sent to gaol for 7 days on each charge. Ax ARTFUL THIEF. On Thursday morning,last week at the Warrington Bor- ough Police Court,before Alderman Sutton and Mr.Ridg- Way,James Finn,3,lrlam's-yard ,off Crossley-st .w as charg- ed with stealing from 8, Bold-st. on Wednesday a pair of men's boots value 10s. the property of George Secitson.— The Chief Constable stated that complainant, Mr. G. Scotson, was the son of Mr. James Scotson, wine and spirit merchant, Bold-street, Warrington. It appeared that the boots, which are footballing boots, were placed la the back yard at 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning and were missed somewhere about noon. George Jenks, an errand boy had seen an old man going off with the boots. Information was afterwards given to the Police and on Wednesday evening, Monaghan saw the defend- ant in Fennell-street, and arrested him. Having to leave the town he gave the case to Sergeant Rowbotham who found the boots at the defendant's Muse in Irlam- yard, where his wife said he had brought them.—Mr. George Scotson, the complainant, identified the boots as his property and supported Mr. Hunt's statement.— George Jenks and Sergeant Rowbotham and Detective Monaghan also corroborated.—Defendant, who is 60 years of age made a very plausible story about the boots being given to him by a young woman when he was working at the back of the complainant's house.—The magistrates however, did not attach much faith to it as defendant had been to the court 14 times before on different charges, and he was fined 103. and costs or 14 days' hard labour. THEFT F ROll THE ROYAL COURT THEATRE. At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday.last week be- fore Mr.E.J.Guest (chairman) and Dr.T.S.Smith,George Larkin, 5, Hart's-court, was charged with stealing from the Royal Court Theatre, sometime between 10 o'clock on the sth inst. and the morning of the 6th. a man's black frock coat value 305., the property of William Greet.—Mr. Stratton, manager for Mr. Greet's company and curator of the wardrobe said that on Friday it was reported to him that one of the chorister's coats had dis- appeared. Witness then sent for the police and gave a description of the coat. He identified the coat produced as the one stolen.—Mr. Joseph H. Houghton, pawn- broker, Mersey-street, deposed that a little after eleven o'clock on Monday morning a woman came to the shop and offered the coat in pledge. Witness however had received a description of the coat and Immediately recognised it as the one in question. He communicated with P.C. Millington who arresoed the woman who said she was the wife of Larkin.—P.C. Millington said that inconveying the woman to the Police Station he met the prisoner in Mersey-street and asked him about the coat, and the latter said that he had bought it from a man in Rylands-street. In the Court the prisoner re-iterated this statement, but the magistrates did not attach much importance to it, and fined him 20s. including costs. A CHAPTER OF THEFTS. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Wednesday before Mr. John Fairclough and Mr. J. Geddes, Florence Henderson was charged with stealing from the dwelling house of Eliza Massey, 6 Barry-street on the 2nd March, 2 blankets value ss. her property ; she was further charged with stealing from the same place on the 23rd March a tablecloth value 2s. and also chareed with steal- ing on the 29th March from the same place,2 pillow-slips. —Mr. hunt (the Chief Constable) said that the com- plainant was a very respectable woman who took in lodgers. The prisoner was 38 years of age and a native of London. About Christmas the prisoner went to com- plainant's house and took apartments in com- pany with James Carson, whom she said was her husband. It was not long before the complainant noticed that some of the bed-clothes did not come down to the wash, and about a fortnight age the prisoner went out and whilst she was out the Complainant made a search and missed a pair of blankets, two pillow-slips and a sheet. A few days after she missed a tablecloth and then mentioned the matter to prisoner who said " I have had apiece of blue paper sent me and I will get them out and make it right." On Saturday night the prisoner left Mrs. Massey's who on the Sunday morning acquainted Detec- tive-sergeant Monaghan who took particluars of the articles and a description of the prisoner. On Tuesday night Monaghan found the prisoner at Gallop's lodging- house in Buttermarket-stree.t. He brought her to the police station and there found pawn tickets upon her, after which he charged the prisoner with stealing the articles and she replied w I did not steal them, she lent them me." As the prisoner had been twice before brought up on similar charges she was now sent to gaol for one month's hard labour on the first charge and con- victions recorded in the other tw 3.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

Tatrasnay..--Before Alderman Sutton (chairman) and Lieut. Col. Ridgway, Hoßsx ILLTREATMENT.—Thomas Hickson, Bolton-road, Ashton, was charged with cruelly illtreating two horses in Queen-It., on Wednesday last week.-13e pleaded guilty.—Inspector Luff and Mr. J. Dixon, veterinary gurgeon, proved that the hones wore unfit for work and troubled with sores. One of the two, a chestnut horse, was ordered to be slaughtered on permission of the mother of the defendant. The latter was fined 20s. and costs (21 195.) THEFT FROM ORFORD BARRACKS.—John Clysedall, last from the Barracks, was sent to gaol for 14 days hard labour for stealing from Orford Barracks on Mondav,last week a pair of socks value 11. 6d. ,the property of James Averya, a private in the Liverpool Militia Regiment. DRUNK AND DISORDEELY.—Peter Emmess, 71, Birehall- st. was fined ss.and costs for being drunk and dis- orderly. AMMO= THEFT OF MONEY —Eliza Anderton was with stealing the sum of 12s. on Saturday last

===== 0002601_18950420_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
charged

BB WISB IN Trails Sufferers from Gr lvel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Corn plaint, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism awl Gout will find a positive Cumin Holroyd's Gravel Pbls. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will he returned. Price Is. lid,. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLTIOYD.9 Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Prcprietor and a box will be ut Keit pat.—Adv.

week the 16th ApriLfrom John Locklin. Mr. Hunt stated that the complainant,John:Locklin,resided at 21,Dutton- st., and defendant was a single woman who had kept house, for the complainant, who was a widower. On Saturday last complainant gave defendant 7s. and his son gave her ss. to go to purchase food. She sent the youngest boy for a small quantity of food and then went to Wigan. On her not Coming back the complainant infermed the police, and she was brought from Wigan, where she was in custody, by Detective Monaghan. She stated that the money she took,defendant owed her,and the magistrates giving her the benefit of the doubt, only recorded a conviction against her. CHARGE OF ASSAULT.—Margaret Forbes, 34, Queen-st., was charged with assaulting Annie Belsey, 2, Heath- lane on Monday morning last week. Evidence was given on both sides and the magistrates ultimately dismissed the case. •

SATURDAL—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman), and

Mr. J. Geddes. ALLEGED WIFE ASSAULT.—Frank Maloney was charged with assaulting and beating his wife, Sarah Maloney, on the Bth April.—Mr. Hunt stated that as the woman had not appeared, and the man had suffered 48 hours incar- ceration, the case had better be dismissed. This was accordingly done. . DRUNK AND DISOILDEELY.—EIizabeth Heath was charged with being drunk and disorderly in the Market Place, on Thursday night.—On the evidence of P.C. Ceoper she was fined ss. and costs, or seven days' hard labour. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett, and Mr. E. J. Guest. A WIFE SE.ATEE SENT TO GAOL.—Michael Creghan, 32, School Brow,was charged on a warrant with assault- ing his wife, Mary. on the 12th April. Mrs. Cregbant whose face was badly scratched and one eye blackened, stated that on Friday afternoon her husband was drunk and kept asking her questions she could not answer. This culminated in his assaulting her. He had done so before and she was ill in consequence of his brutality. The defendant made out an improbable story which the bench did not believe, and he was sent to gaol for two months' hard labour.—Sergeant Chantler, previous to the sentence, deposed that when he visited the defend- ant's house the latter was in bed and in a very filthy condition. In witness's opinion he was not fit for any decent woman to live with.—lnspector Bowen said the woman had been with her children to the police station to complain about the defendant's abuse and uncleanli•

ans. MONDAY NIGHT JOLLIFICATIONS.—Frederick Lee was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st. on Monday night. Prisoner stated that be was a native of New York, U.S.A., and paralysed down one side. Constables Fish and Cooper said that notwithstanding this, the prisoner could kick and struggle well enough and had to be brought to the police station in a hand- cart. He was fined 53. and costs or seven days.—Ann Heaton was charged with a similar offence on the same evening in Buttermarket-street.—Serzeant Rowhotharn proved the case and defendant was feed 103. and costs or 14 days' hard hard labour. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough, and Mr. J. Geddes.

AN UNFOUNDED CHAl;;;;;Walter Warburton was charged with stealing from Henry Bennett on Tuesday night a mason's mallet and plumb rule. The Chief Con- stable, in stating the case, said the complainant lived at 23 Bank-st., and the defendant at 369 Winwick-road. P.C. Meacock had met defendant and another man in the street carrying the articles, and being suspicious he made enquiries and found that complainant bad lent the articles to defendant. In court the complainant identi- fied the goods as his property, and said that he owed the defendant's wife some money. He did not wish to press the case. The magistrates did not think there was any case though the constable had done right in bringing it up, and it would therefore be dismissed.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATIIRMY.—Befnre Cntain Withington (chairman). Messrs. T. J. Gillespie, T._ll. Pearson, R. Stone, and

c: BY. Borron. DRILNICENNESS.—FOT this offence, Joseph Golborne, Golborne; John MacDonald, Frederick Unsworth, and Thomas Boardman, Croft ; William Doran, Earlestown ; John Duffy, Newton ; were fined 2s. 6d. and costs. Joseph Gregson, Newton, was fined ss. and costs. Patrick Curry,Golborne. was also fined 23. 6d. and costs, for being drunk and disorderly and causing a disburb- ance in the highway in Golborne. ASSAULT ON THE POLlCE.—Thotnas Boardman, Croft, was charged with assaulting P.C. Johnson, at Croft, on the 8 inst. The officer stated that the defendant and two others were drunk and disorderly, and on him attempting to remove them, prisoner kicked him.—The bench inflicted a penalty of 53. GAMBLERS FINED.—John Thomas Hall, Thomas Joyce, and John Mulligan were each fined 13. and costs for placing pitch and toss at Golborne on March 31. FAtrick Callaghan, James Seddon, Joseph Cunliffe, and Thomas Kenealey were fined in a similar amount for playing the same game at Haydock on March 31st. John Callaghan was charged with com- mitting the same offence at the same time and place, but did not appear at court. He was accordingly fined 2s. 6d. and costs. Dons WITHOUT LICENSBS.--ThOMB9 Hunt, and J. W. Walmsley, Newton, were each fined 23. 61. for keeping dogs without license. THErr OF PICKS AT Gonna:in.—Thomas Schofield, a collier, was charged with stealing three collier's picas valued 4.5., the property of Henry Smith. Golborne, on April 7th.—The evidence went to show that on Sunday mornings stoker in the employ of Messrs. Richard Evans and Co. saw prisoner coming from the shed with something bulkly under his coat. The stoker followed him, and having taken him to the manager of the firm the three picks (produced) were found under his coat. The prisoner was then given into custody. P.C. Blun- dell said he received the man in custody, and in answer to the charge prisoner replied. "Yes, I took them."—The Bench inflicted a penalty of 103. and costs, or 14 days.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Z. Armitage (chairman), Mr. John White, and Mr. G. Comber. DRUNK AND Disommuar.---William Stephen was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for being drunk and disorderly on the sth April in Burtonwood. For the same offence in the same district on the Bth April Jonathan Houghton was fined a like amount. DRIVERS ASLEEP—Robert M'Queen was fined 2s. 61. and costs for being asleep in charge of a cart in Sankey on the 6th inst. and John Ford for the same offence in Sankey on the 3rd inst. was fined 53. and costs. UNREGISTERED MILEGNIALERS. —Joseph Thos. Marsden was charged with having on the 2nd April in Poulton carried on the trade of purveyor of milk without being registered under the Dairies and Cowsheds Order of 1885.—Mr. Peet. solicitor, Pleaded not guilty on behalf of defendant.--Mr. F. Kerfoot, nuisance inspector, said that the proceedings were taken under the above order. On the 2nd of April he saw defendant selling milk in Padgate-lane and ssked him if he was registered. De- fendant said he did not know of the regulation.—Mr. Peet's contention was that the proceedings should not have been taken under the order of 1885 as by that no penalty could be inflicted.—Mr. Kerfoot said that in 1886 the order was amended and a penalty could now he inflicted.—Defendant was fined ss. and costs.—William Ford was charged with a similar offence on the same date at the same place.—Mr. Kerfoot prosecuted,and de- fendant's point was that he had never received any notice about registration during the two years he had sold milk, otherwise he would have been quite willing to comply with the law.—A like penalty was inflicted in this case. CONTRAVENTION OF THE CANAL BOAT LAW—Joseph Gordon, Liverpool, was charged that on the 27th day of March. he being the owner of a canal-boat allowed the said 'ant to be used as a dwelling house without it being registered as such ; Reuben Mitchell, was charged that he being the master of the said boat used the same as a dwelling-house contrary to law. Mr. Kerfcot produced evidence showing that the boat had been used as a dwell- ing place without being registered. Gordon was fined 10s. and costs and Reuben ss. and costs. Doc) AT LARGE. —For allowing his dog to he at large 1 on the 21st March in Burtonwood, Thomas Hague was ' fined 7e. 6d. AN UNUSUAL APPLICATION..—MT. W. R. J. Jenkins' solicitor, appeared at the Court and stated that Sarah Nevins held the license of the" Dog and Partridge" inn, in Manchester-road, for some years. She was a widow, but had again married, her husband being Thomss Francis Nevins, and on her marriage the license was vested in him. For some reason the husband had left his wife, and the whole property in the inn belonged to the wife as her separate estate. The owners of the inn, Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Company were willing that the tenancy of the premises shouli become re-vested in Mrs. Nevins." Mr. Jenkins asked them to allow Mrs. Nevins to have temporary authority to sell until the neat transfer day. There was ample security for any breach of the licensing acts as Mrs. Nevins had consider- able property in her own right, and the police were satisfied that any Prosecution would be amply met. The moment the temporary authority was grant ed,the license so far as the husband was concerned, W 39 lost. Mr. Nevins had signed on his own accord, the notices for the transfer and Mr. Jenkins had slrved the notices.—The application was granted. TICKETLESS TRAVELLERS—Edward Rill and Joseph Delaney, two youths, were charged with ridirp, on the London and North-Western Railway from Liverpool to Newton without having paid their fares —The Newton stationmaster said that he saw the defendants at N ,wton and they denied having come by train. He gave them into custody. Both pleaded guilty', and were fined Ss. and costs or seven days' hard labor. THRFT OF A COAT AND VEST.—Edward Ratcliffe,youth, was charged with having on the 7th January,in Newton, stolen a pilot coat and vest, value 15s.—Samuel Brown, complainant, said the defendant lodged at the same place as himself, 1, Sankey-st , Earlestown, and on the day in question complainant missed the coat and vest and defendant hadalso gone.—Margaret Carlin,69,Legh- SL., Earlestown, deposed to seeing the defendant go out of the house in Sankey-st. with the coat and vest in his possession.—Defendant was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour. CHARON OF INFLICTING GIIIP7IOI7N BODILY Moor.— James Navin and William McMahon, both of Golborne,

were charged that at Gelborne pn the 13th inst. they in- , flicted grievous bodily harm upon Joseph Blundell, by breaking one of his ribs, and shoulder blade in two places.—Mr. G. F. F. White (deputy magistrates' clerk) I said the police only- wanted a remand that morning.— Mary Ann Blundell, wife of Joseph Blundell, 8 Brook-st., I Dolborne, said that on Saturday night she went oat and ' saw some young men, the prisoners among them, stand- ing about. She asked then: what they wanted. They replied, "Tell your husband to come out here and we'll show him what we want." She went inside the house and informed her husband who went to the doorand told them he did not want anything to do with them. He was in his jacket and waistcoat and McMahon caught hold of him and pulled him on the floor where Navin kicked him several times and broke his ribs and shoalder. She did not knlw what they had done it for and her husband had had nothing to do with them. Her husband was afterwards picked up, and Dr. Park was sent for.— Inspector Morgan asked the justices to remand the prisoners to the next Newton Petty Sessions, which would bz held on Saturday week. It was necessary that further investigations should be made by the police.— The remand was granted, a request for bail being refused. SLEEPING OUT.—A man named Bosworth was charged ' witk having on the 18th April, in Rixton, wandered abroad without visible means of subsistence. sergeant Barnes said Lhe prisoner bad been convicted many times I for sleeping out at the same place as on the present occasion and. he did not think he was "right." Prisoner who looked rather dazed was remanded until Saturday for a medical examination as to his sanity to take place.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1895

would be carried by the wind down the field and a touch down would result. Touch downs in this way cccurred very freqdently at the Warrington end. At the , call of half time neither side had scored, although Lan- ; caster came very near scoring one or two goals. On resuming play, the Warrington forwards indulged in , some fine passing,' Fair Turner got the ball and made a rush but was thrown down. Burrows got possession of the ball and ran down the field and scored a try. Fair Turner tried for the goal but failed, the ball being carried to one side. The visitors were rushing along with the ball when Boscow caught it and made his mark. Fair Turner took the kick, but the ball was again blown wide. Taylor and Holmes took the ball up the field and were only stopped when dangerously near the visitors' touch line. Foden ran with the ball but was forced to pass and in doing so he mis-calculated and threw the ball forward. Another free kick was given to Warrington and Fair Turner shot at Al, the ball again being blown wide. The visitors took the ball up the field when a scrimmage ensued and Warrington brought the ball back to mid- field, when time was called,the score being Warrington, one try. Lancaster,nil. The teams were :—Warrington full back,Boscow; threequarters,Burton,Heesom, Smack Bate, and Evans; half backs, Foden ar.d Houghton ; forwards, Dakin, Fair Turner, Frank Turner, Taylor, , Burrows, Flohnes, Bailey and Higham. Lancaster ' full back, Wilson ; threequarters,Cassell,Oordwell,Foster ; and Sly; half-backs, Gardner and Lambert ; forwards, r Pinch, Garnett, Winder,Redhead, Thompson, Matthews. ' Gibm and Gleave.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS!

- - Tussm3.Y.—Before Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. Imison. A CYCLIST IN Ttiounr.s.—William Hardley, 51 Regent- st., was fined 23. 6d. and costs,for riding a bicycle with- out a lamp in Halton-road, on the Bth inst. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—WIIIiam Hughes, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Collier-st., on the 13th inst. He was fined 2s. 6d. and costs.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAVEL.

Gravel is a most painful disorder, caused by reten- tion in the kidneys of the salts which become crystal- lized into little sand-like formations, sooner -or later uniting into small gravel stones. The most severe pain accompanies an attack of gravel or kidney colic. The disease produces intense backache, painful lumbago; and a dragging sensation through the loins; MUCOUS, granular or ropy deposits in the urine with frequent desire to void. Warner's Safe Cure is a safe, sure, aad effectual remedy for gravel, because it cures the kidney disorder dissolves the stone, and removes every evidence of the disease DID NOT FORGET HIS NEIGHBOURS. Sellinge, or. Hythe, Stone Hill. By persevering with Warner's Sate Cure and Pills I passed five large gravel stones. My cure has caused me to recommend Warner's Safe Cure to my neighbours, who have also derived much benefit from its use. HENRY WOODLAND.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

(1 80. G. BUSSBY AND CO., the leading Sports Manufac- tur,rs, of London. 5.8., have published a most corn- plete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Players and the like. If you cannot obtain a copy from the Local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B and Co., as a rove. Cricketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price 60. post free.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v ST. HELENS RECREATION.

Warrington continuing their important holiday matches opposed St. Helens Recreation at Boundary- road St. Helens, on Saturday before 3,000 spectators. The homsters put a strong fifteen on the field whilst the Warringtonians were without Broady, Barber, Thornily, , and Hill. The Recs. kicked off and Evans returned ' sharply. The visitors held the advantage of the play for a short while forcing the leather to the Recs. territory. The Rees' forwards by fine passing succeeded in taking the ball to half way, where Boscow received and put his kick in, sending the ball back again to the home quarters. Warrington kept up the pressure and forced play to the Rees' territory but only for a short period for the ball was transferred to the Warrington line where a number of scrimmages and line outs took place. Seddon was eventually awarded a free kick in front of goal but Mclyneux failed to place the ball. A scrimmage took place just on the Warringtonians' goal line, The Recs. being almost successful till Warrington eventually touched down. The Rees' full back (Cre;sley) returned the kick and following up well nearly dropped a goal, the ball striking the goal posts. Warrington visited the Rees' quarters an advantage which was not long maintained. The leather was again forced away to half way where it settled for a few minutes. Fine bouts of passing between Trow and Traynor enabled the latter to take the leather to the Warrington twenty-five where he passed to Fildes, the latter scoring the first try. Molyneuv kicked a goal. Turner showed great strength in bringing the ball to the Rees' territory where the play remained for a considerable length of time, but the visitors were unable to score. The leather was again forced to half-way, where Boscow received and made his mark. Pilkington was loudly applauded for an excellent run to the Warrington 25 where he was knocked in touch by Burton. Passing between Bailey and Burrows enabled the visitors to take the ball back again to the Recs. quarters. Traynor again took possession and running a short distance passed to his comrades who failed to take advantage, thus allowing Burrows to come in, but the latter was pushed in touch before getting far. Open play ensued, the ball being returned from end to end. The half-time whistle was sounded with the score, St. Helens Recrea- tion 1-0-2, Warrington nil. Very little time was lost in changing position and the referee soon had them at woek again. Turner recommenced hostilities with the wind in his favour, and his kick off was sharply returned by the Rees' forwards who secured, thus causing great anxiety to Warrington, but .fortunately the ball was called back for a scrimmage. The ball was forced to Boscow'n hands who managed to get it well away. Saunders now came to the fore and passing to Taylor enabled the latter to get clear, but with no result. The ball was eventually kicked cle id. Notwithstanding the wind being in favour of Warrington the Recs. still preseed and forced play to mid- field. Dekin recsived and carried the leather to the Race.' territory, where hard lines were experienced. Scrimmages and line outs toek place just at the corner. Subsequently Burton secured and named to Houghton and Evans. Houghton again received and scored a well earned try. Burton kicked for goal,but his attempt was futile. The Rees.still preseed,and Boscow receiving made his mark. The Warring,tonians' goal was now in jeopardy, the visitors having to use all their strength to keep the scoring down. At length 'durton received but was sent intouch. The Recs. pressing more severely ferced the leather near to the visitors' goal line where Traynor scored A try. Molyneux again kickec' for goal hut was unsuccessful. Nothing daunted, the visitors forced play to the home quarters, but it returned to Boscow,who put the Warrington forwards in possession, hut they proved too weak, their opponents getting the hotter of them in an instant. The ball now travelled to mid-field, where the game was open and exciting, but only for a few minutes. Boscow again received from the hands of one of the Recs.' men and made his mark, but unfortunately failed to make a score. Burton got the leather after running the length of field was knocked into touch just when about to score, very hard lines indeed. A free kick was awarded to Warrington and J. W. Evans kicked but the Recs. charged it down. Warrington pressed as equally as the hotnesters, but wereonable to score. At length Burton had an opening, but was again stopped from doing any business. The final result came with the score, St. Helens Recreation, 1-1-5 ; Warrington, 0-1-1. The fol- lowing were the players who represented the teams : Warringten : Boscow, full back ; Burton, Bate, Cross aud Evans, three-quarter backs ; Foden and Houghton, half-hacks ; Turner, Taylor, Bailey, Swift, Saunders, °akin, Burrows and Holmes, forwards. St. Helens Recreation : Crossley, full back ; Traynor, Trow, Sed- don and Pilkington, three-quarter backs ; Molyneux and Orford, half-backs: Claprnan, Briers, Dolan, Wilson, Mosedale, Fildes, Yates and Coveey, forwards.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASTER V. WARRINGTON.

The above match took place on the Warrington enclo- sure On Monday afternoon, before 2,000 spectatora. The weather was very fine and the field in good condition. Gleave had to fill a vacancy for Lancaster who started the game with the wind at their hacks. Burton secured the ball and took it to midfield where he was stopped and the ball returned. Boscow secured and ran with the hall a short distance and then kicked but the wind carried the ball in touch. Gleave obtained possession of the ball and made a splendid run hut was tackled by Burton who managed to stop his man before he got over the line. Off-side play in the scrimmage, by Warrington, gave Lancashire a free kick, close to the goal posts. The ball was kicked but went a good deal outside the posts. A free kick was given to Warrington, about midfield soon after, and the Lancashire men brnuAt the ball down the field but the wind carried it over the line and Bnscow touched down. Fawcett kicked for goal but the ball struck the posts and baunced back, just spoilinz a goal for Lancaster. The hall was sent back to the visitors' end, but it was soon brought down the field again.when it bounced up in the air and it looked as if it would o'n over the cross bar, but it struck the bar instead, and dropped back into the field. From a scrimmage which ensued near the Warrington goal, Burton got away with the ball and passed to Foden who was checked and the ball was kicked in touch. On the hail getting into play again fleesom captured it and passed to Burton who got up the field with it, where he was tackled. Things be- gan to look vette' dangerons for Warrington up to half time. Lancaster several times got possession of the ball and rushed it down the field, when in passing the ball

You often Bee persons wasting nWay ”Irnont any apparent cense. The food they eat seems to go t, waste, and their eysterni a, utterly unfit to assimilat enongh to keep up .physicil vigour,. &Mir's Emulsion overcomes this ondition of wasting inif estores natural conditfon of altb. Try It.-5

t

";

===== 0002601_18950420_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRiNGTON A v. LANCASTER A.

The Warrington A team bad a pleasant time of it on Monday last, Bank Holiday, they having travelled to Lancaster where they opposed the A team of that town. The kick off was advertised for 10.30, but owing to tne late arriv of the Warringtonians the game did not com- mence until 11-30. The visitors were without Forster and Hill, but •,notwithstanding this, they were able to deftiat the homesters by a good score. Handles kicked riff, Warrington having no difficulty at all in taking the leather to the Lancaster quarter. The homesters broke away, and Mannion relieved. Cross received but was floored before getting very far. Mannion again received and sent play to the Lancaster side. The ball was forced away by the Lancastrians, and Carey secured and sent the ball in touch. Play re- mained at mid-field for a short time, when Liwless broke away and dropped a goal. A bout of fine pas- sing between Handles, Mason, Sankey, Makin, and Eilesten enabled the visitors again to pay another visit to the Lancaster territory. Cross here accepted a pass and passed on to Lawless who failed to catch. At length severe tackling by the homesters enabled them to force play to half way where after a lengthy bout of serim- mages the half time whistle was sounded with the score Warrington 1-0-0, Lancaster nil. Re- suming, Lancaster began the attack, and after a bit of scrambling play, succeeded in scoring a try,Hartly converting neatly. Warrington re-commenced the pressure and forced play to the Lancaster's territory. Mason passed to Lawless who after dodging through the homesters forwards placed the ball over the god line, Cross being successful at goal. Play now stood for a short time in the Warrington territory but the homesters were unable to score, scrimmages and line outs tsking place at the corner. Handles after a good run, passed his opponents and scored, Carey being this time SUCCPSE4- ful at the place The ball was afterwards in midfield for a considerable time till the closing of the game, with the result Warrington, 3 goals ; Lancaster, 1 goal. The Warrington players were :—Mannion. full back ; Cross. Edlesten, Sankey and Lawless. three-quarter backs ; Carey and Mason, half-backs; Randlee, Swift, Hughes, Barratt, Andrews, Thornton, Sudlow and Makin, forwards.

Rcescoax v. WlDNES.—Widnes paid the return visit to Runcorn on Monday. Runcorn were without Abrams, who gad shown splendid form in the match at Oldham last Saturday, otherwise the teams were strong. Farmer on behalf of Runcorn started against a strong wind, which very much assisted Widnes, Rispan replied Frequent scrimmages were formed, in which Runcorn held 6 distinct advantage, the combination being of the highest order. Robinson and J. Faulkner made head- way. Dunbavand kicked to Brennan, who sent the ball back to Houghton, who found touch, gaining gocd ground. Alford next from a mark kicked towards the home goal. W. Faulkner first got headway, and hacked by Farmer, Taylor and Walker, the ball was quickly out of the Runcorn quarters and in Widnes territory, the Chemicals being busy in defending. Nevitt and Barber ehecked the rush, but only for a moment, as Myers shot back and looked like scoring. Alford and Clarke rushed up and kept him out. Widnes by short stages brought the ball out, and by a high kick tb the home goal Myers was up in time to knock the ball dead. Restarting Runcorn went right away to the Widnes end of the ground, and Walker passing to Myers, the latter made tracks for the Widnes line and just when a try seemed certain, Myers preferred to drop at goal, the shot nar- rowly missing the mark. Halt-time arrived with no score recorded. After the interval Barber started, W. Faulkner niaking a smart mark, and responded by a lofty kick, which Nevitt mulled. The Runcorn forwards were smart and were quickly dawn on the Widnes line. After a sharp pack Robinson shot from the scrimmage and adroitly chucking to J. Faulkner the latter dashed over the Widnes line,Dunbavand next kicking a spleedid goal. Play continued in the best description, and three or four of the Runcorn men had a clear field, but in the exchanges Brennan and Clarke intercepted, and kept the play outside their line. J. Faulkner got frotn a scrim- mage and was soon over the Widnes use, Dunbavand again kicking a capital goal. After this the Widnes supporters encouraged their men to " play up," but Runcorn had most of the play. Dunbavand, as a result of parsing b 7 the back division landed over the line at the corner, the flag being knocked down. The referee, however, decided in favour of Widnes. The game, which was of a very pleasant and interesting description ended in a victory for Runcorn by two goals (ten points) to nil.

WIDNES" A "V. RUNCORN RECS.—Plaved at Widnes on Saturday. Highfield started for the home team. The visitors were seldom dangerous, and half time found Widnes leading by two goals and a try to nil. In the second half Runcorn showed up, and the home defence had all their work cut out to prevent the visitors seoring. Result: Widnes, two goals, and three tries; Runcorn Recs., nil. - -

, RUNCORN v. OLDIUM.—Played at Oldham on Saturday before 7,000 spectators. Runcorn team :—Houghton, back; Warder, Myers, Robinson,and Dunbavand, three- quarter backs; Abrams and Faulkner. half backs ; Williams. Gayter, Walker, Pendlehury, Johnson, Gee, Farmer, Clarke, forwards. The opening exchanges were fought in the Oldham territory till Hurst kicked andi Phillips dribbled to the Runeorn end. Myers and Faulkner, after a miskick by Hurst, ran strongly to the Oldham end, where Ragland saved, and in fast play Old- ham ran back again, Hurst just missing a drop at goal. Abrams and Warder relieved, and Faulkner and Robinson were both near scoring for Runcorn. Hurst eventually ran away and passed to Taylor, who knocked on. Scrimmages were soon again on the Oldham line, but Hurst again relieved his side. Merrell and Furniss dribbled well for Oldham, but a similar effort by Farmer, Faulkner, and Myers left play in the home quarter again. Eagland kicking dead. After clever work by Abrams, Hurst again sprinted, and the Oldham forwards had a brilliant opening but the ball went dead, and the interval was called without any scoring. In the second half the Runcorn men pre•aed, having a useful wind behind them. With play near the Oldham harder Abrams and Faulkner passed out to Pendlebury, who knocked on. ravlor cleared with a good kick, and Lees %printed into the Runcorn half. Runcorn soon attacked again through Warder and Myers, when Hurst ran in touch in avoiding Houghrrin, and Whitworth was t tamed on the visitors' line. Fast play ensued, and soon Runcorn were back in the home quarter, where from a line out Johnson got possession and passed to Pendlebury.who scored a try, Dunhavand missing the goal. Final score :—Runcorn, one try (three points) •, Oldham, nothing. RUNCORN v. OLDHAM 'A "TEAMS—The return match between these teams, was played on the Irwell-lane en- closure, Runcorn, on Saturday. Runcorn could only put a mod.rate team in the field owing to several of the usual men being away from home. The following was the team —.Tolley, full back ; Richardson, Taylor. T. Robinson, and Gregory, three-quarter backs ; Wood ward and Nickson. half backs ; Stubbs' Moores, Urmson, Shaw, Jeacock, J. Pendlehurv. Antrobus,and Derbyshire forwards. In the first half Hickson and Gregory scored after some tricky play, but neither tries were converted. In the second moiety Moores and Richardson scored, Gregory placing a goal from Richardson's try. Tho visitors scored after a rush. The game eventually ended —Runcorn, one goal, three tries; Oldham one try. RUNCORN V. WIDNES " A " TEAMS.—There teams met at Widnes on Monday morning. The weather was all that could be desired when the following contestants stepped into the arena :—Runcorn : Jolley, back ; West, Gree,ory. Nickson, and Gayter, three-quarter back ; W. Pendlebury and Woodward, half backs ; Stubbs, Moores. Antrobus, Clarke, Shaw. Derbyshire, Crmson, and J. Pendlebury. Widnes : Golding, back ; Trayes, Tarim', T. Percival and Owen, three-quarter backs ; Richfield and Morphy, half backs ; Grace, Murray, Hughes. Williams, Glaskeen. Coughan, W. Percival and McLoughlin, forwards. Runcorn lost the toss and played with a blinding sun in their eyes. An ellenly contested game was witnessed in the first half, neither team scoring. In the second half after some passing Gavter was nearly through and Jolley got a" mark" in a favourable posi- tion, hut Artrohus failed, and a moment later J. Pendle- hot,' had the line at his mercy, but he knocked on. However revence was forthcoming, for W. Pendlebury getting hold dodged over, Gregory making a fine effort o land s coal. Runcorn still kent up the pressure, and West and Nickson both had hard lines, the former from a try against the posts and the latter with a drop at Coal. Widnes could not make the least headway, and 1 Nielson getting hold threw to W. Pendlebury, who passed sharp to Gregory, and the latter went over. but he failed to improve. A minute later W. Pendlebury shot over, but still no goal was forthcoming, although the ball went desperately near. Widnes could not get out of their own quarters, tho Runcorn forwards being simply irresistible. The Ilnal result was--Ituneore,three tries, four minors ; Widnes, all.

ASSOCIATION.

RUNCORN v. FARNWORTR.—These teams met at Farn- worth, on Saturday. Farnworth played against the sun and wind and up the incline in the first half, and scored twice, and half-time found Farnworth leading by two goals to nil. In the second half play was evenly divided, the Runcorn centre forward, the wings, and the halves displaying good passing proclivities. The last ten minutes of the game were chiefly devoted to , attacking the visitors' stronghold, and when the whistle blew Farnworth were winners bv.four goals to one. ST. MARY'S V. THELWALL.—PIayed at Thelwall on Monday. Both teams were well represented, Mather appearing in the visitu.s' ranks, while F. Williamson turned out for the homesters. In the first half St. Mary's played uphill, and with goo,' combined play kept the home team continually on thedefence and succeeded in scoring five goals. The homesters several times broke away with a rush, but the visitors' defence was safe,and at the interval the score stood—St. Mary's, five goals; Thelwall nil. Upon the restart the homesters took the ball into the visitors' quarters, but the backs relieved, and getting possession the Saints' forwards kept the ball among themselves, and seemed not to care whether they scored or not. The whistle sounded the close of a very pleasant game, leaving St. Mary's winners by six goals to nil.

PETER WALKER AND SON V. ORFORD.--Played OR the Brewery ground on Saturday. The Brewery kicked off and p'ay settled in the visitors' quarters. Throughout the whole of the first half play was greatly in favour of the Brewery, Hall and Caldwell each scoring. The second half was more evenly contested, but neither side , was able to score. Final result—Peter Walker and Son, 2 goals ; Orford, nil. TIIELWALL V. GRAPPENHALL.—The return match be- tween these teams was played on Saturday, on the ground of the former, and that the rivalry was not con- fined to the play:lA was shown by the good attendance of citizens and villagers ; the rival cries of " Play up, ciry," and" Play up-tanyard," being much in evidence. The game was a very fast one, and ended in a draw, though when we consider that the City Club is not six months old, and that the tern called Grappenhall con- sisted of outside talent from clubs like St. Elphin's,War- rington, and Stockton Heath, Captain Jones and his merry men deserve credit in that they not only held their own, but had the best of the play. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS RESERVE.—This League fixture came off on the Grammar School ground, Warrington, on Saturday, before a large number of sp-etatork. The Newton captain won the toss, Richardson kicking off for the S tints, who, however, were put on the defensive later on, Jack Mather being prominent. Brand wood after a good individual run shot in strongly, and one of the backs fisting out, the referee awarded the visitors a penalty kick, Flolcroft making no mistake in notching goal No. 1. Houghton after good combined forward play was the I means of putting his side another point ahead. T. Mather tried hard to force the play, but had a good half back to contend with, Price playing well. R. Bartley scored the third goal for the visitors when close in, and immediately after from a free kick Holland put the ball past Manly a fourth time, but the referee disallowed what appeared to be a perfectly legitimate goal. By no means discourag.d the visitors played strongly,but shot weak, and half time arrived with them leading by three goals to none. The Newtonians were handicapped in the second half with only playing ten men against a strong breeze, one of their full backs being disabled just before the iaterval. Playing four forwards however, they soon :nade their presence felt, and the visitors being three goals to the good were content with defend- ing. Holcroft playing well at centre half, Irving saved a grand shot from J. Mather when hard pressed,but was at last beaten with a long ranger by the same player,the ball hitting the upright and going through. elter this the Saints had the best of the play but shot wretchedly, and had to retire defeated by 3 goals to I.

WEEIcLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 6th April, 1895. During the week, which was the 14th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington BO 18 Latchford 1 2

===== 0002601_18950420_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 6l

The excess of birth; over• deaths was 41. The death rate from all causes was equal to 18 per 1,000, against 27 05 the average of the previous four weeks,and against 19.6 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zyrnotic diseases was equal to Nil per 1,000, against 1.8 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 27 the corresponding week ot 1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15--25 25-65 65 up. 9 3 5 1 18 2 2

The deaths included-1 from phthisis, 2 from prema- ture birth, 1 from liver disease, 3 from brain disease, 1 from heart disease, 6 from lung disease, 3 from debility. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarletfever, 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital, 17. Meteorology.—The mean temperature was 401 Fah., and therefore 28 degs. colder than the precedinz week. The maximum temperature 49 F., was recorded on the 6th inst., and the minimum temperature 31 F., on the sth inst. The rainfall measured .31 inch. The general direction was N.W., the reading of the anemometer denoting 1140 miles. JOHN EL GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY DOCTORS DIE.

Theoretically doctors ought to live for ever. In prac- tice—this in the double sense—they are short-lived. The popular supposition is that a medical man is so all wise that he can not only cure his own slightest ailmen, but that, by following the laws of hygiene, of which he is assumed to be absolute master, he can prolong his days beyond the normal and disproportionately with those of ordinary mortals. But the reverse is the case Familierity often breeds an indifference for his own methods, while the evil of even a trifling malady is augmented by his knowledge of its pathological possibilities, to which, of course, an ordinary sufferer would remain in blissful ignorance. But medical men likewise run other risks as a conse- quence of continuous exposure to disease. We learn, for instance, that among Russian medicos an abnormally high death-rate from tuberculosis prevails, fifteen per cent, of the whole number of deaths being assignable to that cause. Zelande has lately presented some moat valuable statistics calculated for three years, upon a con- s'deraticia of the whole profession (Russian), some fifteen thousand odd. Nearly thirty-three per cent, of deaths were due to virulent diseases—pyemia, typhus, cholera, diphtheria, &c. The prevalence of suicide—over eight per cent.—too, is strange.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW MUCH FOOD IS NECESSARY?

war in the East proves much with regard to the science of eating. The Japanese soldiers get rice, tinned and fresh meat, fish and vegetables. The Chinese troops are mainly restricted to a rice diet and what they can pilfer. Result: they cannot cope with their victorious opponents. The meat allowance of a Japanese soldier is seven ounces. The American standard is twenty ounces; the Russian, sixteen ounces; the English, twelve; the Italian, eleven; French, Belgian, Turkish and German, nine; Austrian and Spanish eight The. daily allowance of bread is highest among the Austrian troot:s, who receive thirty-two ounces, and lowest among the English troops, who get sixteen ounces. In the United States army, the French army, and the Italian army the allowance is twenty-two ounces. In the Ger- man army it is twenty-eight ; in the Russian seventeen. All modern soldiers, except the Russians, have a daily allowance of rice. The American army is the only one in the commissariat of which beans are an article of diet. The old theory that any man who has the strength te lift a gun and the skill to aim it directly at any enemy is good enough for a soldier, is exploded. We may mention here that bread and meat may form a perfect diet.

The

===== 0002601_18950420_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
• STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMIIIITTRE.—The Appleton Parochial Committee's min Res were submitted as.: the meeting of the Rural District Council at Dutton Workhouse on Tues- day afternoon. The committee meeting was held on the 11th inst., and it was resolved to call the attention of the trustees of the Duke of Bridgewater to the Private Street Works Act, 1892, with respect to Cawdor-st., and the streets approaching Whitfield-road, Northwich-road, Bedford-st., Walton New-road, and that they be respec- tively requested to execute the works necessary to en- able the Rural District Council to declare such streets to be highways, repairable by the inhabitants at large. It was reconimenoed that £8 ss. be paid to the clerk, to remunerate him for his services from December 28th to March 25th. Mr. Farrington, nuisance inspector, sub- mitted his report.—The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISPUTE IN THE BOOT TRADE

At a special meeting of the National Federation of Boot and Shoe Manufacturers,held at Leicester on Wed- nesday last week full instructions were given to the Fei- eration representatives at the Board of Trade Confer- ence as to the line to be adopted on the resumption of proceedings. It was also decided to issue a notice to the operatives now at work that the Federation would loyally protect and support all who were now at workor who might resume work before a settlement. An appea has been made to English trade unions by the Nationa , Union of Operatives on behalf of the strike fund.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

===== 0002601_18950420_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

The Easter matches which Warrington engaged in resulted in a win, a draw, and a loss, so that we were treated with absolute impartiality. The draw was a very creditable performance for Warrington for it was with the powerful Runcorn team who on Monday de- feated Oldham at Oldham. To draw with a team which Can do that is no mean performance. A very prominent feature with Warrington ha this season's fixtures has been the number of pointless draws they have made. This speaks volumes for their defence if it is not credit- able to their offensive powers. They have made point- less draws with St. Helens Recs., Broughton Rangers (twice),Wigan, Widnes, Kendal Hornets, and Runcorn, seven in all.

The match with Runcorn on Good Friday was a most pleasant and exciting one. Now that the two clubs have agreed to sink all differences and be friends again, it is to be hoped that they will continue to be so and that the fixture will be an annual one. To judge from Friday's match, there is every hope of this being so. I heard a Runcorn player say as he was leaving the field after the match that he was very pleased with the game, and that it was fought in a very fair and friendly manner. lithe spectators at Warrington and Runcorn will keep their tempers, there is not much danger of the 'players losing theirs.

With regard to the match itself,it may be said,although it is rather paradoxical, that each team should have won. They each in turn Pinned their opponents to the line, and how a big score on each side was not made is a mystery. Each team had the hardest of hard lines in about equal quantitv,so therefore the result is not unfair to either. Warrington were inferior in the forwards and half backs, especially the latter. Houghton and Foden did not come up to expectations in the least, and this is very strange as Houghton especially showed in recent matches some very good form. Perhaps it was an off day with him. When " Smack" Bate was put half back the Warrington team appeared to have acquired a new lease of life, and had the game continued much longer it would have gone hard with the Runcorn men.

Barber was unquestionably the best man of the whole thirty on the field, and was in exeeptionally fine form. His former club mate from Stockton Heath, Broady, made a most promising debut for Warrington, and by his splendid tackling robbed Runcorn of at least two tries. Garritty and Bate if not so brilliant, still displayed good defensive powers. The two rival backs, Boscow and Houghton,were very much criticised by the crowd. If Houghton did something out of the ordinary, the Runcornians would ask: the Warringtonians whether Boscow could do that, while the Warringtonians would erow over the Runcornians if Boscow did well. Nothing pleased the spectator better than to see one or the other mull the ball, and this happened more than usual that afternoon owing to the dazzling sun. The Runcorn team was a very well balanced lot, and each department worked well. Warder was probably the most prominent man next to Houghton in it.

In the losing match with St. Helens Recs., on Saturday Warrington were very much weakened,an that the result is not very surprising. The Recs. ars a great stumbling block to Warrington, and indeed both the St. Helens clubs are, for during the present season Warrington have only scored one try against them, whilst there had been no fewer than 28 points scored by the two St. Helens clubs. Three of the matches have been lost, and the remaining one drawn. This does not compare well with last year,for there were then five matches played with the two St. Helens clubs, three were won, one drAwn, and one lost.

Warrington scored a win on Monday, defeating Lan- caster by the narrow majority of one try. This avenged a defeat which Warrington sustained on November 3rd. The play on Monday was not very exciting, but it is satisfactory that a win was obtained. Warrington almost invariably win against Lancaster at Warrington, .and lose at Lancaster, so that the result on Monday was in the natural order of things.

Warrington have still three matches to play. The fixture to-day is against their old and dear neighbours from Widnes. Warrington generally win at Warring- ton when opposed by the chemicals, but the latter have been doing so well this season that the result is very doubtful. Still, Warrington were able to make a draw of it at Widnes, and as they can rise to the occasion when necessary,they ought to win at home. Runcorn is tackled on Wednesday night, and this is agai n a diffi- cult task, while the season finishes with narrow, the champions of the second league. This again is a stiff Job. As an incentive to the team to win, it may be mentioned that if these three matches are won, the wins and losses will be just equal. while if they lose,one, they will be on the wrong side. The result up to the present of the matches for Ihe season is 11 wins, 14 losses, and 10 draws. The Warrington men ought to do their utmost to wipe the arrears off.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
OHMY'S NEW CIRCUS AT WARRINGTON.

Each night this week,to Mr.Ohnoy's new circus in Queen at., the Warringten people have flocked in crowds, and with the variety of the programme they have not been disappointed. The building itself, considering the won- derfully short space of time in which it was erected, is very spacious, airy, and well lighted, while the arrange- ments are Plurh that every person has a complete view of the arena,while cemfortable seating is also not lost sight of. Each week the programme is to be changed,so that the source of attraetion will be constantly renewed. Commencing at 7.30 on Monday evening the band under the conductorship of Captain Metcalf, entered upon the " bill of fare " with a sOrited overture. Following thia. Mies Annetti,the great American lady rider,was ushered into the ring, and before she left, she had earned for herself considerable applause by the daring and accomp- lished feats of horsemanship she displayed. While the riding was going on, "The Funny Six" (clowns) pro- vided humorous attractions by their nimble tnmbling:A tight wire ha ring been rapidly erected the sisters Levon proceeded to give an exceedingly clever performance, consisting of balancing, tight wire walking, and various other feats, all of which were performed with grace and skill by these talented young ladies. Two handsome brown penies, lei by Mr. Ohmy in person, gave evidence of cart ful training in the way they " footed it " round the ring, and their successors were the brothers Eltenos who displayed a high type of excel- lence on the horivintsl %ars. One of the two led off with great skill while the other followed with a mimic and laughable attempt to equal his feats. " Napoleon," a beautiful animal,was next "put through his facings" by Miss Allen, who clearly understood her part of the programme, as evidently did the great emperor's name- sake. The next item was rather a startler, not by name but hy natnro. It was announced as the Gate and Bar act on horseb3ck, and the startling part came in with the attire of the rider, who represented " His Infernal Majesty." Nevertheless the rider's " saintly " guise did not prevent him giving an excellent exposition of horse- manshin, and during the same performance Tom Tom proved himself to be a anendid knock about clown. The same clown next had the ring all to himself and made good use of his opportunities by "tumbling " actively through single and triple rings. Mons Zanlo is quite a chair-artist, and he largely interested the spectators by the daring hut confident manner in which he surmounted a pyramid of strong chairs with a pedestal foundation. Claude Ohmy, the son of the genial proprietor, also acquitted himself very creditably in a trick act on horse- back, throughout which, Clown Cartland exercised his wit with amusing effect, after which he was principal in a laughable farce in imitation of the " pomp, pride and panoply" of present day drill. Tremendous applause was accorded the Chicago Trio of Arrobats'and"Tumblern( fafhPr and d a ughters) who proved themselves to he me ryelleus contortionists in addition to possessing consummate tumbling proclivities. By far the most amusing of the varied entertainments given was that afforded by Barnum,the mule that cannot be ridden, and said to be born in Warrington. On the appearance of this singularly mild and innocent looking beast, Mr. , Ohmy offered a prize of 51. to the person who would ride ,it three times round the ring withnut a fall. Several I youths aspired to become possessors of the sum, but that mule knew more than a hit and "chucked "them off quicker than they could get on. Tomato°, the champion jockey rider of the world, was evidently the master of his profesaion and showed wonderful skill in riding, and jumping from the hack of his r•sliciping horse. Whimsi- cal, the Royal Windsor Castle Clown and his wonderful donkey, provid,,d endless amusement, and the donkey especially was decidedly clevir. About the best perform- ance of the evening was that.given by Mdlle. Frederika and her troupe of performing dogs. These latter, all ten of them very -email, under the able control of the lady, went through a series of tricks which made the onlooker wonder what was really the limit of canine intellig- enee, newever, the applause had hardly subsided before Mies Ada Rooke, entered the arena and

===== 0002601_18950420_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
with bare-back riding, stamped herself ann equestrienne of great ability and grace. fun 0u 5; Walker, another clown, also assisted' d and next deligl:lre_ The Meteors Brothers, as trapezists accomplished fea n which Mr. Ohmy informed the audience been which had never .e‘_ accomplished by any other artistes. First was observan _7 a huge coloured ball running upon a wire near the rof3 of the building, and upon this one of the brothers steung propelling the ball with his feet, while from the sidetspd. it hung a traprze upon which the other gymnast gYrado. A grand wind up of the programme was found in ft,„„ed. key race round few pointe the audience with a card trick and a, JON tS; the arena,with Warrington riders. 11'bl, less to say there was any number of grnall and lang" ronrid mishaps, which added zest to the fun. Taken all e' the circus presented features of undoubted eiceelleillp6.ol an el Mr. Ohmy's large bunch of laurels has another ~.iii added to it. It is generally hoped that the circus ' be a permanerat attraction.

OUR LOCAL CHURCII.E WAIRIN0T°s'

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. hove the On Sunday at the ordinary meeting of the a— „ was chair was taken by Mr. Porritt and the solo 11..1'i. W .0- sung by Miss F. Booth. The speaker was osed Reader, of Liverpool, and lie delivered an addrOnd CO upon the words " Son of man is come to seek ar, the save that which is lost." Instead of the usual so Sal. Rev. Rev. J. Yonge read a poem by Miss F. R. flalergp titled " Now." There was a very large attendatle'

===== 0002601_18950420_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Mr. C. E. Smith, late stationer and postina' a, Llandudno, was remanded there on SaturdaY ci;ogt.• charge of emb,zzling moneys belonging to the master-General. It is asserted that a party of Russian Voluntcer,st the shortly leave St. Petersburg for Madagascar to ags's French in their campaign. 110 A man, who is alleged to he of English natio,,naH'ovdooo been arrested at Frankfort on a charge of stealing PA marks from a branch of the Imperial Bank. The ' of the stolen money was found on the prisoner. Tlte EPP'S COCOAINE. Cocoa- Nib Extract. (Tee-111°CA°' choice et roasted nibs (broken up beans) f the turn, - we o g on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pree'n,;e:qoafe° forth their excess of oil, leaymg for use a finely tts,; 0.311 t powder " Cocoaine," a product which, when Prepare' noo boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it I! ale banetl cially taking the place with many. Its active Plit'erfe, being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies. the needed encuete; without unduly exciting the system. Sold only 10°Ltd" and tins, by Grocer, labelled" James Epps and uO.- lebtrr Homoeopathic Chemists. London." To be obtained 01.,g0C Ington of W. Bamford ; Richardson & Sons ; Bowdoon.n e' , N. B. Percival ; T. W. Woods and others in everl d Advt. , The result of the poll for the position of secret4o'.'ool, the Amalgamated Society of Engineers was tnadelg rsoot,4 on Wednesday. The late secretary, Mr. J• An'e received 12,910 votes; the late assistant secretor'', G. N. Barnes, 11,603 ; and Mr. H. Barton, 759. 0` rtiGn A fire which eventually assumed enormousproP°„lol ° broke out on Tuesday evening at the Queetetl"'"ught th.eoveg Shipbuilding Yard, Belfast. At one time it wag that the firemen would he sb,e to eatinguish th° 11,0 Pi before serious damage had been don. but R 3n,rs the wind eauaed the fire to spread, end before under control timber of the estimated value tort; had been destroyed. The fire burned fiercely fore hours. reo/1.41 Everybody wonders how the Pearson Pottery el Hanley, can sell 100 pieces of croc'cery for 0,18,, L'ieseta? (El 1s). Get a post card at once, and send for li-t, ober fnl dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, tasin'',,r ooB,' ke.. /to. Everytody pleasurably surprised. All ,t-Aft9o"" vuinea. If you wish to save money, write to the rg PorrEav Co., Hanley, for particulars.—Advt. Lamps were used bef.are written history. of ancient lamps have been found. 1 0 c/cll, Microscopists .say that the strongest mlOlO9O not, probably, reveal the lowest stages of anim,l ife, ,;s 000' Plato had a memory that was the marvel of temporaries. IT'S A 'Apt

There was no regularly organised taxation du , Middle Ages. The king in theory owned all the o'opAr and in time of war his vassals aided him with trierorri who were maintained at the expmse of the 01300 furnishing them. The Crown lands supplied lit e of the King and his Court. A red sunset foretells dry weather, because iPh op rates that the air to wards the west, from schic""e may generally be expected, contains little mii4u",. . naode Ansemla is simply deplete i blood. Ir the blcod Isis will rich and healthy by the aid of Scott's Emulsion. be speedly cured. Voft's Emulsion auras all ht.,0d",,,,00, • such as Icrofula and skin eruptions. It also creates " flesh and gives real strength.-5 I ,00tlg The Vienna police are diligently searching forms man who accidently dropped on the platf°%—eci 0,7 Western Railway Station a box of what atille.l",,-tloh "41 red bon-bons, but which were found on exaolble O' becomposed of a strong sublimate, each one eaP" killing ten persons. ihet lin Bor , or_

The extraordinary rumour is current its A 0 the famous Japanese Marshal Yamagata If; than the long-missing Archduke John Nepornaa d of Austria, who in 1889 renounced his rank %nor Austrian military military titles, and went abroad n" name of John Orth. the At Winnipeg, on Saturday it was intitnaterttilolie° Archbishop from the pulpit that all Ronla?e for who refused to support the hierarchy its the,a"— are separate schools would ha excornmunicat"l. t ;a RUPTURE CURED.- All who wish to get rid and trnssee should send to Mr S. J. Sri i et-e Specialist, 61, Chancery-lane, D-reinn, and 26. --n Manchester for his!Bo-k, post free 71,-4att. ttitC ,re An old Irie,ulturil !Thome/. named Oenr- yogi% has been horned to ,h-atli at Wollaston, near. ilghti" borough, through a hedge under which he sca- er $t his pipe catching fire. sest-- o Six workmen have been drowned in a rtiroag Melbourne owing to the river Yarra bursting t tunnel connected with the undertaking. torronflttto Owing to an order issued by the Sub-Frefeet nd 0 nt to suppress the Salvation Army on the grl.c,"ien„.s'o " knee-drills "being manifestations of a rei,'l;ve recognised by the State, the barracks there closed. Deeo hs' 4100 To MoTnEns.—Mrs:Winslow's Soothing Sralr...frohl',,cor used over fifty veers by millions of mothers for Ow tne reit wh;le teething with perfect success. It will relievi: prod.atio suffer., immediliely. It is pleasant to taste ; 0117 $ll natural quiet cleep, by relieving the child fromon Pa e little cherub awakes "as bright as a butt Chefnints, Is. lie. per tattle. Advt. fa° for j, Mr. Lawrence Gane. Q C., Liberal member jealo'r, Leeds, has died on the voyage home from llewlth• whither he had ?one for the benefit of his hes Grad decided not to seek re-election. 0 5. All hope of comfort in my home ' had died 53 Until the MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOA. "CA DRURY'S Cocoa has in a remarkable ilfre 5-yrstby natural elements of su‘tervinee which 74,ve rid bq Dl6 nduran cc and harrlih, od, building 1,1) rlllllBOOl.B t!..t relo vigour with a .te,dy action that renders it Mu ad aces ptable bevetage."— Health. ~,e8)34 e, " TOBACCONTST4 commencing" Illd. d (V 9 /owe To A CCONTAT4' Co —lB6, Huston-road,London• HY. MYERS Est. 1866. The. Royal Laundresses say Critehlev's " , r to .Ll.OOO. is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl of I man, to., either mid or boiling water starch. itbout rwriofemw4Hrs not finish fin.isitaodufrorlidn"Stareh Gloss." e„! ..er oit am pleased to inform you that I have tried fnAn to Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none eqy ual 0., 10• should he used in every house, &I'M at „ire It* most stareh sellers. If not in stock will Pr"- MOTO 11417 1,11 detrlturn P..onrietor.-44"1 uttPTIO- sitio IVERFTON 'REMEDIES FOR SKIN N To Cure -tea Mrtr, Hone, VlCele , pies. Bl4ernd $0re,.",11 Bad Legs a ON' ;Aljg,El - Win/. NLDOVISIDTEM EBIr ofremetims.en3tl. efrrTornablmetz (BOOTS. Cash CilliTlegirMiclics.h'. e%firrilTriterttli."Btha:; °Pt° '(MAN 27. Bridge-st.,

poet Age'

irigtl,;

CONSUM PTON. BRONCHITIS AND A-;TFI to MA. I will demonstrate to the Whole world, o Dt.t; pert: from these unfo,tunate maladies, bow Oil 15.,001/0 manently cured, by an entireiy New thod Oadence wlt. chancewhontitLerAmgli. B of talult:7od ac .oWrptieWelthN iotorritc m(r. ikort London. will send you toll particulars charge.

RA

10'0! 1-'43, LO'1( Ibo ',clc 'Ot44; a t„dka, „ 5

34 0,60

SO% 43Z1333 OIJL7 -ICK'S SKF 1J TL "Mbar 01 f nts spH-A

4 4;1114" bs IV:1Z 4 20 -(111, 4 0 iatitd4 5 aat 0.9 „ ni 4 R 4,11

===== 0002601_18950420_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ketOn nktear • o„4un 0111 i,515 kackj 14, 8 kelt] "'hot 15 Su, Oarli i„

i

‘Jheßb 2't' 51 .4)13111 120, E ere tas, 'YE 1136 3 Da; as eltiaaa3,, ilerby 4,,tiday '41•1 340 # 144 dint 4day 4U, 51 7 Prods 42,10 2. "Ye 9 j 410113 C,

*tly 129 , It% Intkt, 110 r

41t; 4 6E aP'n

===== 0002601_18950420_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 .I ~.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

APRIL

FROM WARRINUTONgO

3 the w• 'lased id to , the en.

er on rogt'

trY " :riool NO' F, Of'

rrti.l 191011), lOUg-] $011:;1 AI ,n,r4 g° '20,1 :q.htee- 010— t4,014' rt),:rAns" LOASU ,pos is coP

tfle , 100P6' 101 )le_4o Olev" ,ft re. „0(1° woo • beal ~otor Yof tre d to Hop tol blO

, WIC I r 4,,* , Ot11e0; 31%1l 1 b b tlO Cr

the bY 0 gthlcolflocr 4-I:ireet, r ttilt ightitig WO ogb o I to 00 on2eo re

.11116;;Or

pn_At ,?,,f,l-r: ti.

rbeglble

r o%,,y;rt etAtr43/1--

-601 i; )tit 16:16,1Y4 Of' , WI.. en it. N7OlO ao 111 f " flee°, se, jjl9°Y

offereirfj, be ,pet, ~ftet:ce

I

0,t4t0. 11 Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 553 7, Sundays 10 15 ,: a.m. I',lcar and Hillhouse-7 12,8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40,0 65 2,4111ays 940, 25. 8 50. a Stops if requirPa. 611 rti .lngham (L & N -1Y.)•30.a3 23, 7 10.9 50, 1.3 0, 1 50,3 58, lit ?' 630, 7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35. a k Moa- -7? Meh only. vMondays excepted. i 6 arn (Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 04Lackhu52. Sundays 11 45, 425,515 p.m. rn--240,5 20 5 45, 8 36, 955, 11 40. 12 35, 2 25, 348, gl',B•_4 7102 . Sundays 8 43. 6 0. a 47'11001-5 20, 545, 835, 955, 100. 11 40.12 35, 2 25, 110,10 t 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 40, 8 43. 60. 1,54n-5 45, 8 25,9 19. 100, 10 40, 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, 717, eaßundays 8 43 a.m., 5 0. p.m. da r 8,14-2 40, 5 20' 5 45• 9 55• 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- &,,,l ...ste 422 e , , 1. r-s 7 42. 95, 10 23, 127, 1215, 140, 1.52, 17, , 0.0..1, 6 4,7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 745,11 32: _ 822 5 oreen-710. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1235, 330, 3 48, 55. 1020. Sundays 8 43, 60. 0, 83 23, 7 10, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 23, •.., i'Ss?',. 451ondays excepted, bMondays only. 14374"burY-7 42, 95. 1215, 1 52. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, 8 44, 7 45 p.m, l'e(Midland)-6 14, 959, 11 55, 1255. 320,50, 11 53 , 4471Ve 11 45 a.m., 425 P'm• 45 710 825 835 10 43, 12 35, 115, V,. 10 1 ' 0, 1020. S ' Sundays? 40.8 43, 60. 7 '47 4,Bo4aturdays only. -2 0. 520. 9 55, 11 40. 1235, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15, 4.M. 9 45 p.m. 4) Liter's Ferr env y & 2 k th -7 38' 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 25, 12, 6 17,80, 9 48. Sundays 848, 240, 7bo. 7 42,1(narn---.7 43. 9 5. 1025, 1215, 1 52.3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 8 44 a.m.. 745 p.,n• (Cheshire Line-1-7 12, 7 56, 8 31, 95, 10 50., 12 0 29, 6 10, 70,8 0, c 9 30, dlO 20, 11,39 Sun- . 8Y14.3 all 25, 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dbaturdays , II: goornwe___2s;sY,s s°. 5 x 207 P t9eds. 31 24 , 1140, 1235. 240, 3 48, 10 2 . 440, 0 45. , 7 10, 835, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays 35. 711 915 10 10. Sundays 843.60. e en-7 12,156. 8 31,9 5,a930,10 40,12 0,1 5,2 10,4 0, , , 70. 7 108 0, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15, Sunday 4t•day., 25, ' ' 42. 918, aMo'ndays and Saturdays only. cSat- , Irriono"cePted. i : .4noa--„4oncl Cadishead (Central)- 7 (1, 7 55, 821, 70, 10 5 r' 1,,Lat0g,',56, 10 12* 3 17,5 15, 7 18, 928. V 49, 12r P,`",„-Prorn Ar ley Station-6 ....0, 7 22. 80, 9 .9, 9 58, 8 , -4,114;:o",'• 1 16. 236. 4 11.5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 43, 9 13. 8 18. aSaturdays only. ' ,42 3•4T°lr (L. &,N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 835. 10 5, 127. .56:6 ros u, 6 2078, iiliye . 45. From High Level Platform. r-F,'YProrn Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,1) 0,10 14, 20. 5 12, 617 80, 9 48. Sundays 3 43, 2 40, 7 50, „1. (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29, 530, 7 12.7 50, 8 37, 332 12 0 12 6 3 i's"cr, 10 ~ 3 50. 40, 50, 5 29, 5 53, 111 24.10 24 10 35 1050, 11 .... RO„ 12 50. 51,8 0 8 50'9 6, 9 18, 10 10 10 45. a 1110,57 9, 309 0:9 55:11 25. 220, 232, 7 5, 830. 9 108 I Lon "..., alf.x.cept M. 'mays. 4•1160(;41.&I 1i,.-4V. ' ° 3 o,' 8323. 735. 950. 1045. 120, .-, 1135.-a bundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135. it0t,(1415 excepted. bMondays only. ' 411 d °II (Midland -6 14 959, 1139, 1255, 3 20, 50, 11 53. 41, oaqi 11 45 a ) 5 ' 1: to.,- 111:5412-120. 74122 4820 V 311.9 53, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 2 38, 1." 'l3. 78, ai 45 913. suudays 850. 38, 811. at From rr i 45 8 25 _ •-, 1. tit --n-rb Y. i A *,l-y Station. ' ,12D nill'eßter L. 9iu 10 40, 12 14, 20, ' '4,../ 4 -3,/•'• 55. 717,' 1\.13-W1.1)-20 4unda'ys 245 a.m., 50. 60, ' 7 •4.11 aYS ly. 'From.High Level Plata or m. , ilO rie,,-..elter (FrOoliri Bnk u y Low Level Platiorm)-"6 23 •41.4ri57;,5,,'8,,57. 0 55, 10a46, 1(4141, 2 35. 4 9, 6 10. 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. • t411.11,","6. 3 5 815, 11 40 *From Arpley Station. --s.c''er (Cl;e9 ~ ' 1' hj Liu e)-7 0, 1 55, 8 21, 3 55, 90, 11 551:55, 155. 255, 355. 4 55, 5 55, 2,85,9 8 1 5 ' '55 slO 0 all 10, 11 50. Sundays 1 BSt'grum 10 12% 3 5.3-17.5 15: '7 18, 855, 922, 928, 955. / Idiclal 111 Only, 1. -7 35. 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. 3„Ne to • ,150 2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Wo' 50,235, 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0 6,2 1,5,,ca3 20, 348, 421, 5 35, 625, 717, 915, liaoki,Racc 7 ; ys 245, 740. 843, 3 35, 50, 60, 7 47, , --.o', 75, 821 1027. 12 27, 1 44. 2 17, 523, 7 0. ' est,o,,• 4.lllldays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 515.9 23. ii•"' 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 33, 60 , ku ' 8 441 l' 25 100, 11 48, 25, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 8 0 -- 2 v -L1 Fenkethj-7 56, 9 5, 105. 10 46,11 0, 12 0,1 5 ;058,40 52 9, a 6 I,J, 70.80. alt3o, blO 20,1045. Sun gl:„.°111y, (Z. 232. 9 18. a3atur y 8 excepted. bSatur• Itt, f4'to (Mi'ii." 56 65b ilt via chiT;y4azd Dore Line (commenced v 6 55. Sundays 5 5 Pin. .2.• 8'40,117 ..,-5 25, 710,11278' 21 ), '8 35, 105, 117, 1835, 330, Ip, 4th,,,,,.,' •.' 15, 1020. Sundays 835. 843, 60, 9 45. 60". 315 (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 37, a 9 30, 11 15. -gaton . -.. 3. 6 35, 79, 9 10. Sundays 9 40, 2 5, 8 50, , Thei 4- B oul. 3• . 722, 00. 9 0, 958, 10 49 12 36,1 16.2 38,4 11, 4110,111 y. 1•,,.:r 45, 9 13. stimndays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- ts, Iges (cher:lll. Arpley Station. 9 5 _ _ _. 10 5 11 0, 12 0, 15, sol 7. 980' n;,5 39r,e ' Lines -756, 1830.' 9'lo a 9 30, 810 15. Sun- -7,,,Y. -'" 'O, 2 3269118, 7 aoSaturdays ex' cepted. bSaturdays 42.(11df,44 (1, Vi,- .6 ...,alld N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25,,10 0, ,4100,1iL1l 48,2 5, 22,51 p _2 '4lO, iss 02,09 ,Ifl. Sundays., 46 .. 710 83, 8 9 5,5, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. , 38..6 'olB' 54, 614, 48547 10'2, 101'10. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, • 9 45

TO WARRINGTON FllOll tl'ikked4)4 Mridlte-6 33' 7 45, 8 52, 1143, 1411Z° 753, 4 3237, 436, 6 44, 829 -148,24:T2,1211. illho.use-9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 824, 949. Sundays i4-01,1Litglisin (L, s, N.-W.)-3 10, 60. 720, 90, 11 30, 12 15, :1:5i1iter5rac,1::,,h..47;5.,8113,015, Sundays 310, 12 15,17 0. 4..8 45 ~..a.a, (lidland)-6 5, 8 50. 9 59, 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m•. 412300...112 2535.. 2bH4xol ii°l4•lis aO, B5O, ~10 48 1 35, 24, 3 13, 6 30, 755, 1012. %51,e14'18(Talb'ot 44 Road)-38 1_ 5 2,1. 845. 9 55, 840 1035, 35, 7 10, ~I (lelintvasl) 7 , 48001 58 27' b , 8 55, 9 55. 10 10, 20, 2 50, tr, . . suutht, a7lO 1 20. 4 55. 84 15, 5 13, 5 55, 0' 911'-;.i. 80, 9 15, 10 '35,12 35, 220, 6 10, 920 Q p•rm_ ,30 1234, 140, 4 22, 5 33, 8 41. a_il, -09 0 m (3gester.::24o .?in.. 841 12 1 25, 8 45, 9 40.1)'101 6 50, 8 .2, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10 "9, 635 7 35, 835 undays 20,6 30 a.m. ald,,h4, Q .5 ax r'en--6 39 716 8 42, 109. 1236. 14, 1 43, 10 I -o ~'7_ 47, 9' 16, 10 462 _ 9.. undays 81 . 7 15. 71405,1 5.94212. 60, 8 13.2 9 20, 115. 11 10, 1 50, 235. Sundays 3 4 42. 7 10. 2 43, 40. 9,12. ,20147,%34744-8 16, 10 17; 1. 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays taa, zy---8 15' I 3 5 350 4 45, 70,8 3, al2 35 ‘°lle4ddaYs' 7103cP6 &--n 6,50, i ' 33. a RxeePt 11414,r4t,' 109, 11 23, 11 52, 12 45 r aai i9aa, TA-1 65, 7 30, 8 42, 91,4 833,0 9 12, 12 . daysSu ~ 52, vs.., 6 20, 5 53, 6 I,.nbet. ~.4 0, 7 18, 723. 41 Rd'lleet';"lo 20, 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 60,4 9110. ,i 4 k 654. "rY & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 4_3 2 ,12 , 2 7, 3 21 'll td(kl4llstr,' 8,57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 87. 11-43's 6r-1 55, 9 3 102. 1127, 232.47, 527,657,757 16 p ~,;, 44,..J I,2?,.h.,estiirs Lines)--5 44, 627,7_9 50,9 0,1040, 657 ri 1121. Sun- iaLsi 56. 5 8 4 2 '6 gI"F3 41. ' ' °. 20, IL 49'5, Sundays 5 50, 95. _ _ K. 8411111-IS 44, 826. 1022, 1228. 241, 5 35, 820, 9/. Is ,l!gilgr*-43's 4,446, 73en--6 40. 83. 8 25, 9 10, 10 3, 114, 154. 2 24, 4 55 Itrt .7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20:3 31,4 30, :11t 6 58,7 38, 956, 12 55,5 4, 4 ("Ittiz, stlualuthead43'B 15) , (, (5 2C , 6.a.,1!6-35. 10 0. t1:31,i4 22 tt-8 13,84 Oa 1V 6. 1117. 120. al 45. 2 13 al.. 67, 649, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 833, ilklerpool --,aturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. ~t,,i.a Rarlestown)-a2 35, 60, 8 0, 92' " 0 11 50, 9 it 4 40, 75, 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, \Nee:Mondays only. *Saturdays o 1 i LG. 8 10, It j 25.8 20, 9 5, 9 55. 1 2 20 , 111304:2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 'O, Sundays 745, 2107 20, 1045. aa• . aa, la 3ntrao_s 45, 6 10, 7 30,8 30,8 40 8 43 930. 2 9ad 15, 4 -,":.: 11 30, 1150. 12 30, 12 35, 10, 130 150. 20. 4 40, 4 5 , 5 30, 5 36, 6 30. 6 35:7 30 8 0 QlO 45,11 0 11 30. Sundays ,8 0, 9 0, :2.3130: -,, 8 30 930.' altlondays and Saturdays 5 __ 0,. & N.:,„, ,_....- w 1 0 15, 7 15, 10 10, 210,4 10. 30, 4Z 0,444°4 (18ind4Y8 10'0 a.m., 5 0, 10 o, 12 0. 1,3,e55.5114,,--,and)-5 15, 105, 120. 20. 40, 5 0, a 9 15, ,li a 3', 3 15, 12 O. a except Mondays i 2 _, D „. 9 23, 953. 11 9 1 11, 21 37. .4 ..4 DU • ?.:' ma; - -,. 6 41,7 41, 933, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225,. aOl'r'hellil.l"l43's 0511 y. bSaturdays excepted. feot;la 4s, 4V.L. &14 .-W.)-6 0, 70, 85,940, 1125, 15, -, 5 10, 75, 20, 1040. Sundays 8 0,60. 0 40. 15 (Ip4rhe, o ,- •46 iO, sto: I,ondon-road)-7 15, 750, 925. 1035. 12 35 at' •i a ~,, b 5 5, 5 20, 6 5. 7 5, 855, 10 45. Sun ay 1 elch4, 'O. 56aturdays excepted. 447:955. j'A'r (Clietthire Linea.)--6 48, 72-3, 830, ' ' a", 93 Ity t,tki A i 0,1.0 45 11 30 12 30 12 45, 130, 2 30, 3 30, 430 4t4r45446 9 i • 6 38: 730 4 30. 833.9.55. alo 50,110. Sun- kiltsd. 84! 940,1' 40. 2 0 2 5, 6 30, 8 15, 9 40. aMon_ kn'llew.:.:,:lt,lays onlc . , k''',..rr••••';'-o°-;6 58 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. 1157,3 20 4 60, 657. Sundays 8 15,448. -6,47; 6 55 7 30. 8 42, 9 24. 10 9. 11 23, 28:1 30, 3 4, 4 '7, 4 53. 5 5. 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. Isal . 55,, 11 8. Sundays 833, 9 49, 10 10, 3 55, 7 15, 441k4,84te. c•Ps'lurdaVS only. i 'ps e 4,0543.--, 11'2'd. B'2B 10 9. 19. 517, 73, 916. Sun' 1. g5.-.Q4-,',1. 52 36' 550, 95, 9 39, 1120, 11 28, 24C "4 - 00. 10 47 Sudays 2 11, 835. a 15, 6 0 2,A1......'5 348M.0ndays 'excepted. b3Sonday mornings only 94,1 10 23, 12 2, 130, 256, 4 40, 540, acike, ((or 48 . Ct Noketh)-(3 51' 8 14,8 41. 927. 10 19, 11 24. 4 ali.,a . 2 40• 344521540629 7 26 9 34 Sundays 8, 1i Ib6 land) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced 55. 6v. Sundays 8 15. cib c 2,5, 7 0. 828, 918 9 55,11 15,125. 1250, 1 30, 10, 720, 90, le 33, *ll 20. Sundays *Saturdays only. 14/1; 410 0' (jr, rd Street) -810, 0 0.10 20, 11 25, 10.2 ~- W 29. 5: rft, kly Q5,a9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90,25,8 0. . 9 16'411 P(1 Z9' .765 377-g'; 8 36, 9 28, 10 2, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 2 55. I ' ; s', 11 7 45. 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, o i o4hatnrdava nly, bSaturdays excepted. 20 5'.4 °' 5 (1,5& N•-W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33,12 16,12 58,2 10, Vl{ ,55 g AC ' ''' 'Ut a 50 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 59, 111 Irits ((,h ' 6 0:9'736,4 2.BQBlBre Llnes)-8 30. 9 16, 10 9, 11 12, 12 25. 1 25, 23. ' 5 29,6 12, 7 16. 7 56. 9 25. Sundays 842. 336. 34 4tills-241 1 L.lll • 5 2,5, • -5. 6 33, 815, 931 10 10, 11 23. 12 15. 4. 8 10, la '.' .2. 10 30, Somd Lys 2 41, 10 40

1 0 of • •

A43l' &7 lase vel 255 ,118-...6 9

===== 0002601_18950420_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
IS UNIONISM BREAKING UP?

WARNING FROM BIRMINGHAM.

No one will, says yesterday's London " Daily I Chronicle," be surprised at the paragraphs, to which 11 the special and unusual prominence of leaded type is given, that headed the London letter of the " Birmiug- ham Daily Post." The importance of this communica- tion is all the greater when it is remembered that Mr. Robbins, the London correspondent of the " Post," is not only a most reliable and competent journalist,but is in close and constant association with Mr. Chamber- lain. The leader of the Liberal Unionists sees Mr. Robbins frequently, and the " Post," which loyally serves Mr. Chamberlain, is placed by him in steady rapport with his tactics and policy. We have already referred to the anger with which Mr. Chamberlain has received the very unfriendly, not to say brutal, criticism to which he has been subjected in the columns of the "New Review." Mr. Wyndham, a former secretary of Mr. Balfour's, is, we believe, one of the proprietors of that magazine, which is now under air. Henley's editorship. No doubt Mr. Wyndham was in no sense a party to the writing or conception of the article ; but his association with Mr. Balfour makes its appearance rather more unfortunate. In any case Mr. Chamber- lain has thought it worth while to give formal and definite warning to the Conservative party and the Con- servative Press that he is not going to stand this kind of thing much longer. The tone ot the " Standard," of the "St. James's Gazette," and of the " Pall Mall Gazette " has never been friendly, and:two of these papers have throughout deplored Mr. Balfour's action in the matter of the Warwick election. Here are the chief points of the communique which appears in yesterday's " Post."

_ Rumours have been in circulation in the Lobby during the last few days concerning Mr. Chamberlain's position in relation to the recent attacks upon him by the official Conservative Press, and as to the action which he might be expected to take in regard to them. Such tests as I have been able to apply to theso reports lead me to believe that the matter is distinctly of a serious charac- ter. It is said that szrong representation's have been made to the Liberal Unionist whips in reference to the treatment which the right hon. gentleman has received, and that some Members of the party have suggested that a meeting of Liberal Unionists should be held to consider the whole subject. It certainly appears strange that there has not been any public repudiation of the unex- pected and gratuitous accusations of improper motive lodged against Mr. Chamberlain in the columns of the " Standard," a newspaper which is regarded by the public generally as the official organ of the Conservative party. Nobody for a moment believes, and lam indeed in a position to deny, that this ill-natured criticism of Mr. Chamberlain's conduct meets with the approbation of the Conservative leaders, or of any of their supporters in the House of Commons save,perhaps, an unimportant individual here and there. One need hardly point out, however, that it may be difficult to maintain intact a political alliance when jaurnals which are looked upon in the country as the authoi ised exponents of the opinion of one of the parties to the alliance indulge in most un- friendly and unfair criticism of the leader of the other party. I have to-day seen one of the Liberal Unionist candi- dates at the next General Election, who states that the ill-effect produced in the constituency for which he is standing,by the attacks upon Mr. Chamberlain, which a large Dumber of the electors, who have no better know- iedge,cousider to be of authority and importance,is very marked, and that the iocal Gladstonians are disposed to rej )ice over what they regard as the beginning of the end of the Unionist alliance. The opinion which this gentleman expresses may be presumed to be well founded, and it indicates the existence of a strained feeling which is not confined to his constitueucy, but has been created in other quarters. He gives it as his emphatic opinion' in fact, that if the Unionists are to win the next General Election (as, if united, they cer- tainly may be expected to do) these ill-natured and mis- chievious statements respecting Mr. Chamberlain must either cease or be emphatically contradicted on autho- rity as soon as they are put forth. On this, two remarks are to be made. Feeling against Mr. Chamberlain is not confined to the Conservative Press. It exists widely on the Tory side in the House of Commons, and it is a common remark on the part of Mr. Balfour's followers that the sooner the Unionist alliance is ended the better. This feeling is not due solely or perhaps largely to personal dislike of Mr. Chamberlain, though this consideration exists. Strong party Tories feel that the Liberal Unionists, who repre- sent no electoral force in the country, occupy seats to which they have no right, and that they tend to keep the Tory party in a permanent minority in the State. What these gentlemen want is the absolute independence of Toryism in matters of policy, and an opportunity of returning its full strength to the House of Commons. This is the point where the Unionist alliance seems to interpose a permanent obstacle. The other point is still more vital. There are grow- ing differences of policy between Mr. Balfour, and Mr. Chamberlain wants an electoral programme,Mr. Balfour does not. The Tory leader unquestionably thinks that a promise of quiet administration, backed by strong sup- port of the Church, is quite sufficient to bring the Tories back to power. A very powerful wave of opinion on the old Churchy lines in passing over the Tary ranks,and thi, new sentiment Mr. Chamberlain deeply offended by Ii v te on Welsh Disestablishment. On the other ha, di, tte Liberal Unionists are getting alarmed at the Tory leanings towards Fair Trade. Apropos of Mr. Nelson's Protectionist tendencies, the " Birmingham Post" the other day declared that "if Free Trade and free corn are to be put in the balance against an Irish Nationalist Parliament, then we say that thelatter would be an infinitely lesser evil than a return to the system of Protection."_

All these things may not mean an immediate rupture. But they bode a state of things which cannot last. Mr. Chamberlain am his side has by no means, we believe, decided that he will finally cast in his lot with Toryism. And the Tries have certainly not made up their minds that they want Mr. Chamberlain for ever and ever.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD FRIDAY AT WARRINGTON.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY.

The annual missionary meeting of the Bold-street Wesleyan Church was held on Friday night. The chair was occupied by Dr. T. Starkey Smith, J.P.. and he was supported on the platform by the Revs. J.Kirtlan,Owen Watkins. G. D. Mason, D. W. Johnstone, and E. Strutt, and Mr. W. Bennett. There was a good attendance.

The service was opened by devotional exercises after which the Chairman was introduced to the audience by the Rev. J. Birtian. _ _

The missionary secretary the Rev. G. D. MASON read the annual report, from which it appeared that a very successful year had been passed in all parts of the world. The income of the society for the past year showed an increase of £l,OOO upon the present year. The total was £122,211 18s. 61 and the expenditure £129,517 113 i. 11d., and there was thus a deficiency upon the year of £7,305 18s. 5d., leaving a total deficiency upon the society of £28,827 17s. 4d. The income of Warrington circuit for the past year was £248 Os. id, towards which Bold-street Church had contributed £37 17s. 4d., and Bewsey-street Chapel, £l7 3s. 2d. The juvenile association had contributed a very satisfactory amount towards that sum.

The Rev. E. STRIITT, of Ceylon, then addressed the meeting. Ref rring to objections taken to the mission- ary policy that too many Europeans and too few native preachers were used in the mission field, he said that perhaps in some of the newer fields there might be a large proportion of Europeans, because the native preachers had to be taught, but in the older places, as Ceylon, for instance, that objection would not hold, as there was a very large proportion of native agents, in fact he could fill his speech with an account of those native preachers. He thought that the glory of the Methodist Church was the great army of unpaid preachers. He wished to address himself upon the question, as to whether that was the case with the Methodism abroad as it was at home. He contended that it did, and gave instances to prDve this assertion. One of the most remarkable developments in Ceylon was the work of the women. The women in that country had to surpass numerous barriers, but notwith- standing this, they were doing glorious work. The Rev. D. W. JOHNSTONE said that some years ago Warrington paid him alhigh compliment—that was otin- viting him to be thoir circuit minister,but circumstances over which they had no control prevented him from coming. He publicly thanked them that night for that invitation. He thought the objet of the meeting was a noble one, for what could be nobler than the evangelisa- tion and uplifting of the human race. It would be a sad day for this country if she overlooked her obligation to the heathen. He was glad however that that wo-uld not be so for the present at any .rate, as he boasted and gloried in the fact of being in the land of liberty. The progress of this country and all its greatness was, he contended,in accordance with the spraed of Christianity. Human beings everywhere were religious beings. It was as natural for a man to worship as it was to breathe. He therefore pleaded that they take the glorious gospel to the hesthen, and let them know the greatness of it as they did themselves. The cause of Christianity was continually spreading all over the world, he asked those wholwere present to contribute something to further on the cause. Thousands upon thousands were waiting for this christanity, and he called upon them to provi.le. the society with funds to be able to send men to make known the grandest movement upon the earth which was the salvation of the world. A collection was then taken in aid of the Foreign missions. _ _

The Rev. Owen Watkins afterwards addressed the meeting. At the close of the nicotine hearty votes of thanks were accorded the chairman and deputation of their pre- sence that evening, and the meeting waa brought to a conclusion by the proaouncing of the benediction.

. Where are fourteen thou,and nine hundred and sixty football clubs in this country. England and Wales light something like eight hundred thousand lamps nightly. faThe Slmplon Tunnel, which is to be constructed under the Alp, will be noirly .ixteen miles in length.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LAtdES (FREE).

ALADY !SPECIALIST (coalitied) ninny venra attachcel to a Female ifaspital. is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEK the DEsIRED RESULT in a few hours, no ni tter ho* long st olding the IHtteGULAIUTY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, 54. S P 1 0 IA i I S T 295, STRAND. W.C.

,

. . _

===== 0002601_18950420_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950420_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD

===== 0002601_18950420_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,TREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18950420_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN 181

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKEPS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT "SI LENS M ESSOR " LAWN MOWERS, WITH I MPROVPD WHEELS AND SOLID LINK STEEL CitAINS NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of sllothers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and BPST IN THE WORLD. They have stood the test for upwards of thlity years, and have castled off EVERY HItIHEoT PRIZE which has been given in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either short or long grass, bents, dc., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entivs satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respec• able Ironmonger. and Seedsmen in the United Kingdom, or direct from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS. ELACKFRIARS ROAD, TONDflbt, S.B. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations In the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Applicat io n .

_ / , , . "... t / ' tt-_,..•.,, //",37.4k . •)'77- ".'...,- - - :,_.--- \ ----1------_--_-_-.0-wERS.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWARE OF DEUEPFIVE IMITATIONS.

R B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments for the trade as well as others.

AL :J SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at tiller cash distvunt by ttu ir agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGB-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the .premises.

SADDLERY HARNESS, &c. For Home, Colonial, and other Markets—CAß HARNESS, complete set,X3 6s. 6d.•. Gio HARNESS, full size, £3 35.; Cob size, £2 jôs., Pony size, La 10S.; DONKEY HARNESS, Er 10S. HEAVY CART HARNESS, £2l3s. 6d ; Demi-hogskin RIDING Saont.as, complete, St 55. All sent on approval. Illustrated price lists post free, oe application co Jaaciars, Nottingham.

MOTHER SAYS: MIND IT'S BROOKE, BOND'S.

That's the order lisped by many a little messen- ger lookiug over the edge of the countet at the tea-agent. The mother's too busy at the little home to go out to the shop herself, but long ex- perience has made her determined that she will have none but BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. And why? _ _ _

===== 0002601_18950420_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE IT'S THE BEST.,

She and her husband, their relations and their neightours have all proved for themselves and they all agree that there's no other tea in the kingdom that's as good or goes as far for the money as BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE sell our cele- brated Quarter-pound Packets for t2l 32D., 4D., 5D., & 6D. and so we suit all people and all purses,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, 'IOIID, & Co., IL

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, 29, MARKET STREET,

LADIES!

DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and. Obstructions no matter how caused or long standing, no. naureme pi, powders mixtures or any, other useless stomach n.eulczne to take. Failure impewuble under this reatment. isulerers may obtain particulars tree cu charge y sending stron).ed addressed nvelope to Dr. -TADorwrosr,. Southampt r.ti 13 ui Mix eB. Holborn. London

TILE GREAT REMEDY.

s 'l4 A ilt'S GO P LLB

FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at ls. lid. and 2s. 94. per box.

W0.2.11:1 A GUINEA A BOX.

PiLy 44. ' • A`

1"OT 1 .6 LT,

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCiI SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
AK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGEST/ON

DISORDERED T_,TVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 91.-d., Is. lit., and 2s. 9 each, with tol directions. The ls. Id. Box cc, 'ains 56 Pit .

PREPARED ONLY BY TIT E LEoPli I I It

THOMAS BEE6IIAM, St. FLelens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHMI'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONTOMICAL— . CLEANSES TUB TEETH --PERFUMES TICS BREATIL In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druguiste, or from the Proprietors. fr is., post-paid.

GREAT PURITY,

RFECT WHITENESS BEAUTIFUL lusr IE.

40L0 BY AL. R c "r o. 61 IN OPIGiNAL 4 I.• PACKETS )._l LI. ASS-E LA. BOXES,

S. NIITIPS TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin or humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. fates excess in eating or and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer curia's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road. London.

- PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PE,ASLIR. is. lid.. per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ease. SMITH'S INVALUABLE; PUN POWDBR , AND PTUTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. old by all Patent Medicine Vendors

, REMY'S Used in all sIAHEK the. principal Laundries. . SOLO BY "\LL 011.11 N ; 1 LS •

===== 0002601_18950420_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .

===== 0002601_18950420_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN MOWERS

1'',....._

===== 0002601_18950420_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PIASTERS ----- PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. It you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- DON'T IAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affection Back Ache, Side che, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatica; in fact the very worst Aches or Pains.

_ I HEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grattful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND LLACE UP THE WHOLE Si STEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. TREY CURE COUSHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND • • INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. BEST AISD CHEAPEST CREST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. U year Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for 90. by the Proprietors. LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS EMICORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES-Idr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN-31r. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRIN4TUN—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. T. 11.11 LENS—Mr. a. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. 1. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Uverpeel Bead. NORTEIWICH-31r. A.. B. Lewtv. Chemist.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
tetttrs to MC elltU3r.

MODERATE SOCIALISM.

Sir,-1 should like to have some of Mr. Brouchetnite's views and reasons in regard to Socialism. I believe that the Lords deserve no sympathy because they would not even censent to self reform, yet it is only by complete obstructiou that they may he liable to complete ex-,inc- tion. We cannot unconditionally get rid ot the obliga- tions imposed on us wrongly or rightly by our forefathers in regard to them, but there is no commonsense reason why the titles and the pensions should not be conferred after the death of their present holders and their heirs upon some of the more eserving of the coming genera- tionsrend in that way matte thein rewards for services render-ed. . Whatever reasons there may be for doing away with Royalty, when compared with France and America, we may not forget Napoleon's extravagance, that America is yet a growing nation, and that in Royalty we have a Queen who, at least, is a lesson to matrons of this land for motherly sympathy. In .Royalty have we, if used rightly and impartially, a guarantee against any se•ltion that may possibly grow over-bearingly factious?

===== 0002601_18950420_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A READER.

A SCHOOL BOARD FOR WARRINGTON.

Sir,—l trust.none of yours readers were so misguided as to respond to the begging letter which you printed last Saturday on behalf of St. Peter's Schools. I cannot conceive why people should be so solicitous to obtain means from private sources to do work which should be done by the ratepayers generally. The education of the young of our town is a work, the responsibility of which rightly rests upon the whole of burgesses, and so long as the ratepayers permit private people to educate our children so long do the ratepayers fail to act up to their responsibility. Another phase of the subject is this: By bolstering up these private enterprises we are only making lashes to whip ourselves with when the time comes to take over the schools. Why do not people see the folly of supporting sectarian schools,and goin boldly for a School Board, one of the greatest needs of War- rington at the present hcur. We should then have done with these pathetic appeals for funds, and the work of education would be infinitely better done.—Yours &c., A PROGRESSIVE.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM.

Sir,—l had thought to have taken a recess from Socia- listic considerations, but I see they have got the cork out again, and again there is much spume and lather lying about. So I propese once more to " blow the top off "to see if there is anything more than froth in it. The first bit of spume is from the pen of A. Brouchernite who says "Tony makes statements which I challenge him to prove. He asserts that eocialietio colonies have been started and failed. That is false." So A. 8., who spouts so muck about Socialism is either ignorant of, or knowingly denies the fact el' repeated attempts at coloniz- ation on Socialistic basis. Have I dreamed that some enthusiasts banded themselves together—subscribed £6O each and started in South America—started and failed— a miserable fiasco? Will those who know say if this he true. Is it as I assert, or as A.B. denies ? No ! these en- thusiasts found that they had taken with them one thing—which for the success of their enterprise ought to have been left behind—our common human nature. Then we have "Rosebud " screaming " shame on you Tony I" Surely your correspondent has been unhappy in his;rvegetable nomenclature. From the lugabriously desponding style of this tear-distiller, I should propose, as a name," Weeping Willow," rather than the thornless immature rose. But our friend is immature in argu- mentation as well as in name. I have said that he tries one age by the standard of morality of another. This,poor Rosebud cannot understand. He cannot see that what was considered to be quite right 600 years ago is now considered to be quite wrong. But that our thinking it wrong does not alter the fact of its being thought right then. The law of the strongest was the " right" of that time. Now suppose the Socialists got possession of the land, by what title would they hold it f Precisely by the same title by which it was held by those who wrested it from its old time possessors—the right of might—the fact of their being able to take it and able to hold it. But see the " Rosebud's " confusion of ideas. He wants to pur- suade us that to steal a watch new is equivalent to stealing land then! Now, the question is—Would the robbed if he had had the chance have robbed the rob- ber ? No ; then there is no parallel in the cases. But this is j st the kind of froth by which certain Socialists irst humbug themselves and then try to humbug others. Let them by all means in the future try to keep the cerk in if nothing better than this comes of getting it out. The proposed attack upon the National Debt shows mob socialism in its true light--Robbery.—l am, kc., TONY LUNITKIN.

MR. JAMES LOWTHER AjS' D CRUEL SPORTS, Sir—The absurdity of the cry raised by the Sporting League that the members of the Humanitarian League (79a Great Queen-street, W.C.) are a set of faddists,who have for their object the putting down of healthy and manly recreation is best shown by an analysis of the chief names appended to the petition of ' the Hurriani-. tarian League in favour of the Sports' Regulation Bill Here are a tew of the" faddists" who have incurred the ridicule of Mr. James Lowther : Literature is represented by George Meredith, William Morris, Robertßuchanan, Prof. F. W. Norman, W. M., Rossetti' the late Christina Rossetti, Sir Edwin Arnold, Walter Besant, Edward Carpenter, William Watson, Grant Allen,George Bernard Shaw, Ouida, Lewis Morris, ke. Art and music by Hubert Herkomer, Marcus Stone, George du Maurier, Hamo Thornycroft, Carl Haag, Walter Crane, Cobden Sanderson, Sir George Grove. Science by Alfred Russel Wallace, Sir B. W. Richard- son, Prof. Gladstone, Dr. Garth Wilkinson, Havelock Ellis, Lester Reed, Dr. E. Sherrington, Dr. Berdoe, Dr. Forbes Winslow, and the well-known naturalist, W. H. Hudson. Mr. Herbert Spencer, though unwilling to invoke legislation, writes in strong condemnation of the so-called sports. The Church by the Bishops of London. Durham, Glas- gow, Truro, Wakefield, Worcester, Chichester, Lichfield, Carlisle, Liverpool, Ely, Ossory, Killaloe, Down and Connor, Argyll, the Suffragan Bishops of Derby, Rich- mond, Southwark,the Deans of Winchester and Glasgow Archdeacons Sinclair, Wilson, and Mauls, Canons Wil- berforce,Bell, and Rawnsley, Prebendaries Webb-Peploe, Eyton, and Harry Jones, the Rev. Prof. Shuttleworth, Rev. Septirnus Buss, &c. The Nonconformists by Dr. Newman Hall. Dr. Clifford, Dr. Rica, Dr. Brooke Hereford, Dr. G. Duncan, Rev. Agar Beet, Silas K. Hocking, /ice. The Ethical Churches by Frederick Harrison, Rev. Stopford Brook, Rev. H. R. Haweis,Rev. J. Page Hopps, Moncure Conway, Robert Vovsev, &c. The Seculiar Society by its president, G. W. Foote. Education by the headmasters of Harrow, Rugby, Roe- sal, Cheltenisam,Flailesbury, Dulwich,Uppingham, Brad- field, King Edward's School (Birmingham), and the late Miss Buss of the North London Collegiate school. The Labour Movement is represented by John Burns, Kier Hardie and Robert Blatchford. The women's signatures are numerous and influential, including those of Lady F. Cavendish, Lady Henry Somerset, Josephine Butler, Clementina Black, Annie Besant, Dr. E. Blackwell, Dr. Sophie Bryant, Lady Mount Temple, Beatrice Webb, Lady Florence Dixie, Mona Caird, Mrs. Massingberd, Sarah Grand, Mrs. Brad- laugh Bonner, &c. Among other names may be mentioned Michael Davitt, W. T. Stead, J. Allison Picton, Sir Isaac Pitman, General Hill, Colonel Coulson, T. Fisher Bryn), C. Kegan Paul, S. D. Wa.ddy, Q.C., BlAre Odgerd, Q.C' . Sir William Fowler, Sir F. Pollock, Sm. Even keen followers of the hounds like Lord Exmouth and Lady Clifford (of Chud- leigh aopear among the signatories. Thus it wil be seen that the Humanitarian League's memorial is strikingly representative of every class and shade of opinion ;it is, therefore, ridiculous for Mr. Lowther and his sporting friends of the National Sp.,rt- ing League to pretend that any healthy English amuse- ment (recreations, healthy, innocent, manly, are yielded by cricket, cycling, golf, rosving, wrestling, running,the drag hunt, and endless other exhilaratin4 and active diversions), is in the smallest danger of being interfered with. What is being attacked is one thing—cruelty. It is the cruel degradation of sport, in the stupid and barbarous practices of hunting tame deer and worrying bagged rabbits, the shooting of birds from traps, that is uniting decent people in a determination to have the aw strengthened.—Faith.fully yours, M. R. COLLINSON. Hendsn, NW., April 13rii, 1895.

VESTRY MEETINGS.

LIVELY MEETING AT FRODSEIAM. MR. FOULKES ON THE WARPATH.

At Frodshain Parish Church on Monday morning, the annual vestry meeting was held. The Vicar (Rev. El. B. Blogg) presided, and there were also present : Dr. Steele, J.P., Colonel Ashton, Messrs. A. Thomas, J.P., C. Reynolds, J.P., C. E. Linaker (Vicar's warden), R. Rat'', (parishioner's warden), H. Tiley, G. Ashton, T. Riley, James Edwards, James Hutton, J. J. Wilkinson, T. Lewis, B. A. Rigby, H. E. Heywood, John Austin, John Pollard, R. Hutchinson, T. D. Timmins, S. Sutton, E. G. Steward, J. W. Gorst, G. Gleave, F. W. Spencer, E. Turner, R. Foulkes, R. Milner, C. H. Hibbert and G. W. Jones.

not gi• . ter. 1.- At t yew expression in a record of proceedings.— ---- . ls there perfect peace and harmony in the RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH.—THE VICAR AND Pa b• I • Ash ?—The Chairman said Mr. Foulkes must confine ESTABLISHMENT. .ineself to the minutes.—Mr. Foulkes said he was speak. On Tuesday evening the annual vestry meeting for the frig on the minutes. There was no interruption when . The Vicar read a written sermon. (Cries of " Order parish of Runcarn was held in the National school. 'll Rev. Canon Wood presided. There were also prese At order.")—The minutes were confirmed on the motion of Revs. A. J. Jameson, W. 11. Stables, and J. HlieF .J...at .1 Mr. Linaker, seconded by Mr. Reywood.—Mr. Foulkes, Messrs. E. Imison. J P., John Littler. J. E. rim ; continuing, said the minutes were not accurate without W E James Littler, J. K. Digges, W. Timmins, W. asdith, the sentence he mentioned was out in.—He was further W. Sutton, T. Bowyer, J. Johnson, J. E. I • Dudley, interrupted,and then stated that if those present refused -AD Rshavi, to listen to him he would address the reporters present, Sherlock, W. Crosby, E. Gregory, J. Yates and get his sentiments into the newspapers.—The Chair- B. Toone, W. E. Hamilton, A. Lightburn G. Hewitt, Goodwell, J. H. Weston, Jar .:.„ E. _Koey, H ... I" wnall, man : Then speak to them afterwards.—Mr. Foulkes ; `-' W. E. Hamilton, H. Branch, J. Bridge ries Ford, jun., You are frightened of the truth, sir ("order "), and I , water, W. Jones, am not ashamed to tell you so. (" Order, order.") E. Harrison, Ridge, and others. . MR. REYNOLDS RAISES A QUESTION. The Chairman said the question nad been asked him why the officers for St. Michael's • Mr. Reynolds wished to know whether at a meeting an strangers Weston should not like that had any right in the church ? It was /ester]. The answer was be elected at St. Michael's 11 and 4' not a bear garden.—Mr. Linaker said it was a meeting that being all one parish ther a was only one vestry and I the 'vestry was the only hod . which possessed the power of ratepayers. Non-parishioners would not have a right to vote, but he did not think they could ask them to go . the church Therefore if the to legally elect officers of eut.—Several strangers expressea their willingness to .. St. Michael's and Weston they . officers were elected a* retire, but the feeling of the meeting was that they would not be officers at all. In regard to the election of should remain.—Mr. Foulkes: No, don't go out.—Mr. "stile te point out the legal status of officers, it Was desir Reynolds said he did not want anyone to be there who ',ced. An officer elected for St. Michaels the officers so elee had no right there. or Weston was a eidesman legally,and was not a church- ACCOUNTS.—TER " ANGELS" AND THE commcnoti warden. He e.ascharged the office of churchwarden un- The accounts submitted showed that the year corn- questionably% but there were only two churchwardens in menced with a balance in hand of £ll 6s. Bid. The the parish according to the custom of many centuries, offertories realised £237 2.1,8 d.; sundry receipts,Ll4 lie.; With regard to the two charities which he had been in Harrison's Charity, £2 33. 9d.; proceeds of cantata, the habit of laying before the meeting, one of them was £26 Os. 9d. s and £3 Os. 4d. to the Iron church; balance the Rigby charity which was founded by Mr. Josiah due to churchwardens £5 153. 90., total £3OO is. The Rigby by his will dated in the year 1862 and it had been income at the Iron church was £2B Os. 9d., and the pay- working since 1863. It did not come under the new act ments £43 Os. 5d., leaving a deficit of £l4 193. Bd. The for another eight years, because the new act only applied accounts had been audited by Messrs. Pollard and Riley to charities which had been in existence for 40 years. who certified them to be correct.—Mr. Foulkes said he With regard to the Alcock charity he had never since he had a question to ask Mr. Linaker, although he was had been in the parish had any exact hifor- afraid he should not receive an answer.—Mr. Linaker: mation as to what the will or the deed, What is the good of asking the question then ? If it is under which the charity originally was founded put in that form I shall certainly decline to reply. lam might be. Nobody seemed to know where a copy could not good at conundrums. (Laughter.)—Mr. Foulkes be found. Every quarter,the interest on the money was said that the Archbishop of York had stated that if at sent to him with the information that £1 75.6 d. was for their services there was no congregation they had the the church and Is. 7d. for the poor. In all probability angels with them. He would like to ask how much had the moneys would come within the scope of the Act in so the angels given at the collections. (Laughter.)—On far as it was not ecclesiastical. He took it far granted the proposition of Mr. Riley, seconded by Mr. Lewis,the that Mr. Imison and the Council would be able to have a accounts were adopted.—Mr. Foulkes said that so much voice in the distribution of the Is. 7d., and no doubt ought not to have been paid for the washing of surplices. that would be highly gratifying to some of them. With He thought they could do without surplices. regard to the rest of the money he was afraid it would THE CHURCHWARDENS. turn out that it was ecclesiastical, and if it was con- The Vicar said they would be pleased to know that Pected with any purpose oI the chnrch, or the services Mr. Linaker had given consent to again act as his of the church then it did not come under the purview of churchwarden for another year. The parish owed a the Council, and the Council would not exercise any great deal to him for the way in which the accounts authority over it., If they wished they could appoint were kept. Be had the greatest satisfaction in nomi- another trustee to look after the Is. 7d., and he (the nating Mr. Linaker.—Mr. Linaker thanked the Vicar for Vicar) would be most glad to appoint another trustee, his renewal of confidence.—Colonel Ashton said he had Then there would be three of them, and they would great pleasure in proposing that Mr. R. Bate be re- take great care the money did not go astray. (Laugh- appointed the parishioners warden.—Mr. Timmins ter.) It a neighbouring:parish on Monday the Vicar and seccndeil, Mr. Linaker supported, and it was carried.— warden had the great unwisdom to snbmit their money Mr. Bate returned thanks. accounts to the vestry which had nothing whatever to ELECTION OF SIDESMEN. de with them. The vestry had originally something The following were appointed sidesmen :—Messrs. to do with them, but that was when the H.E. Heywood, J. Gleave, F.W. Spencer, T.D. Timmins, vestry laid a church rate. A church rate j. W. Garet, and G. Ashton. On the motion of Mr. had not been laid in Runcorn for many years, and if one Pollard, seconded by Colonel Ashton,it was decided that was laid, it would be like calling upon the spirits from Mr. Edwards and Mr. J. J. Wilkinson should be the ' the vasty deep—they could call but did they think they sidesnaen for the Iron Church. In regard to the election I would cotne. (Laughter.) They could lay a church of these latter gentlemen,a difficulty was experienced in rate to-morrow and give the newspapers an opportunity selecting persons who regularly attended the services at which would be useful, upon the old subject of the the Iron Church.—Mr. Foulkes thereupon said it did not church rate. They aught to make it clear that the speak well for the church, when they could not mention monetary affairs were their own and did not concern a regular attendant. It showed that men did not ge the ratepayers in the vestry. In these days a very regularly to the services.—Mr. Linaker interrupted good deal was said about what was the meaning of the the speaker and aseed him not to make unnecessary re- Establishment. He could not give them a better Blue- marks.—Mr. Foulkes said he was not doing.—ln proof tratien than by the fact that every ratepayer in Runcorn of his assertion he said it was shown by the fact that had the right, if he pleased, to come to that vestry and there were seven women to one man present at the move and vote for gentlemen who should be the officers services. of the church. If the church was not established they THE AUDITORS AND LAY REPRESENTATIVES. could shut their doors and keep anybody out who had Messrs. A. E. Pollard and T. Riley were appcinted the not in some way qualified as a member of the congrega- auditors ; and Messrs. T. D. Timmins and Nickson were lion, but as long as it was established they must neces- selected as lay representatives at the Diocesan Confer- eerily allow the vestry as now constituted to act in this ence, on the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. matter. The establishment of the church made it a re- R. Bate. markable instance of what he might call socialism ap- plied to Christianity. Some people were never tired of saying that Christianity was essentially socialistic, and he contended that there was no question that the Estab- lished Church was socialistic. It provided a religion for everybody who liked to make use of it free. It used to be at the general expense, now it was at the expense of the endowment of old time. They could not say because a person would not come to church they would not minister to that person. He was provided practically for something that some thought the most important thing in the world. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The Vicar nominated Mr. J. E. Meredith as his warden for the ensuing year. —Mr. John Littler was appointed people's warden on the motion of Mr. Key, seconded by Mr. John Yates. Mr. Meredith nominated the four retir- ing sidesmen :—Messrs. Walter Timmins, Edwin Gregory Richard Abel and W. Jones. The ballot for the right people's sidesmen resulted as follows :—W. Crosby 32, G. Hewitt 28, John Yates 25, J. K. Digges 21. The Chairman nominated Mr. J. H. Weston as his sidesman to act as warden at St. Michael's. Mr. William Mellor was elected people's warden at St. Michael's. Mr. Weston nominated Messrs. J. Sherlock, E. Speak- man and E. Harrison as his sidesmen. The people's sidesmen appointed were Messrs. A. Lightburn, T. Clark and W. Cropper. For Weston Church, Mr. G. Robinson was appointed Vicar's warden; James Ford, jun., people's warden ; and Messrs. W. Mitcheson, John Bankes, E. J. Guest, T. Ford, jun., and Farrell, sidesmen. CHARITIES. • The accounts of the charities were presented by the Chairman. He mentioned that the Rigby charity con- sisted of £3OO which was advanced on mortgage of three freehold houses, one in Wellington-st.,and two in Bridge- water-st., Runcorn. The interest realised £l3 10s. annually, and was expended in providing 55 flannel petticoats. The Alcock charity was £5 16s. 4d.,0f which £3 was paid to the churchwarden and the remainder given away on St. Thomas' Day. The vestry meting was then declared at an end. THE CONGREGATIONAL MEETING. The congregational meeting was then held. The ac- counts showed that:after meeting all expenses at the three churches there were the following balances which were paidto the Vicar for the clergy fund :—Parish Church, £l4O 15s. lid. ; St. Michael's Church, £64 133. 1111. ; St. John's Church, Weston, £2l 53. lid. The accounts I were passed on the motion of Mr. Meredith, seconded by Mr. Waston.—The following gentlemen were elected lay representatives :—Parish Church, Messrs. W. Timmins and J. Littler • St. Michael's, Messrs. W. Mellor and A. Lightburn ; Weston, Messrs. J. Robinson and James Ford, jun. Votes of thanks to the officers and chairman concluded a lengthy meeting. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual vestry meeting of this church was held on Tuesday evening. The Rev. Dr. Preston presided. Amongst those present were :---Messrs. C. A. Timmins, W. flankinson, Killcross, Ainsworth. Pearson, Prince, Westbrook, A. Savage, J. H. Salkeld, Furner, Horsefield, Cunninghom, Joseph Pritchard, Woods, Smith and Broughton. The Chairman in the course of a short address referred to the progress which they had made in the parish.—Mr. Charles Timmins in his statement said there was not a debt of any sort owing in con- nection with the church. As would he seen from the balance sheet the receipts had been £1865a. &Land the expenditure £lB6 ss. 6d., leaving a balance in the wardens' hands of 2d. The friendly fund had been ex- pended in a manner which would meet with their ap- proval. There was only one matter that called for words of regret and that was the small amount received for pew rents. The election of officers was then pro- ceeded with, and resulted as follows :—Vicar's warden, Mr. Charles A. Timmins ; people's warden. Mr. Hankin- son ; sidesmen, Messrs. R. Kilcross, G. Hazelhurst, T. Pearson,E. Prince,E. R. Westbrook,W. E. Lea,J.Savage, J. IL Salkeld, T. E. Garnett, E. Turner, and T. A. An- nett ' • Church Council : Messrs. Florsfield, Fisher, W. G. Cunningham, Coleman, Lancaster, and Pritchard ; Mariners' Church, Mr. Woods ; Mill Brow Mission, Mr. D. Smith ; lay representations, Messrs. W. Hankinson and G. Horsefield ; auditors, Messrs. J. H. Salkeld and E. R. Westbrook; choirmaster, Mr. W. E. Lanchster ; organist, Mr. A. Savage ; and apparitor, M. H. Brough- ton. Votes of thanks were passed to the choirmaster (Mr. Lancaster), the organist (Mr. Savage to the ladies whe had decorated the church with flowers, to Mr. Woods for his attention to the Mariners' Church, and to Messrs. Cunningham and, Smith for services at Mil Brow.

THE ORGANIST'S SALARY..

Mr. Linaker stated that the organist trustees had ap- pointed Mr. Birkett Musgrove, of Runcorn, organist of the church at £35 per annum. £3O of this amount would be paid from the Organ fund, and the remainder would be made up from the Parish Church fund.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRST BRREZE.

After the notice convening the meeting had been read Mr. R. Foulkes said he publicly prGtested against that meeting being held in that pace and on that day. It was not hold on that day in other planes and was not held inside a church. They had a good schoolroom and the meeting shnuld hive been held there. Irrespective Of what Mr. Reynolds said last year. the meeting was held at that time and place in order to get a certain clique together. Free speech was practically boycotted in a place like that. "IS THERE PERFECT PEACE AND HARMONY ?"

Mr. Linaker read the minutes of the last meeting which were cirefully followed and checked by Mr. Foulkes. At the close Mr. Foulkes said that a sentence of the Vicar's had been left out—viz. : " That the Vicar closed a discussion, saying that they had perfect peace and harmony in the parish."—Mr.Linaker. said thy did

===== 0002601_18950420_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARITIES.

The accounts of the Frodsham and Stockham charity, Harrison charity,and the Upton charity,were submitted. —Mr. Foulkes asked whether the charities were strictly confined to people going to that church or were they left to the parishioners generally.—Mr. Linaker said one charity was strictly confined to those who attended tbat church, but it had not been strictly observed.—The Chairman said that with regard to the Harrison's charity that was distributed quite impartially.—Mr. Lewis said they were mostly dissenters who had the benefit of that charity.

THANKS. The Chairntan proposed that the thanks of that vestry be given to the adult singers at both churches. He alluded to the self-sacrificing way the singers had ful- filled their duties.—Mr. Foulkes seconded, and said he would feel greatly obliged if the Vicar and singers would not chant the responses to the ten commandments. He thought it was an outrage to petition the Lord with musical accompaniments.—Mr. Heywood proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies for their services in decorat- ing the church on various occasions with flowers.—Mr. C. E. Linaker seconded.—Mr. Foulkes protested against the ladies bringing flowers into a place of worship. They were not required. The flowers might make up for de- ficiencies in the service, but they ought not to be used at all in a place of worship. The motion was carried.

ANOTHER PROTEST BY MR. FOULKES.

-- The Chairman asked if any parishoner desired to intro- duce any subject. Mr. Foulkes said he entered his protest against their , having introduced into the church the last edition of ' hymns Ancient and Modern. Ile hymn 622 dedicated to the Virgin Mary was sufficient In itself to condemn the book. It was rank worship to the creature, defying the Creator, and was anti-Christian. He rejected and protested against the doctrine commonly known as 1" Baptismal regeneration." that was, that all infants were regenerated at baptism, as a pernicious Romish error. It was taught in hymn 326. They knew that infant baptism could not be found in the New Testa- ment. He protested against the congregation being asked to sing hymns 105, 197 as was done in the Iron Church, Frodsham, on the 7th inst. and Sunday in that church. The Romanizers inside the Church of England paid worship to a literal cross, and told the people a cross was to be erected over the grave of the departed in order to secure repose. The cross was a superstitious, idolatrous and hea- then emblem. Who ever read a more Pop- ish hymn than the 96th ? He protested against pro- fessional and recessional hymns. They were a direct violation of the Rubric, which stated that at the begin- ning of morning prayer the minister should read with a large voice some one or more of these sentences of the scriptures. It was done to favour Parsonolatry or paying homage to clergy and choir when entering the church— in other words man-worship. Sacerdotalism grew nat- urally out of ambassador-worshin. It was an endeavour to " lord it over God's heritage." He protested against the clergy and choir turning to the East. It was a violation of the Rubric, preceding the Nicene creed. It was a relic of paganism or sun-worship. As the Iron Church at Frodsham was built North and South it could not be the Eastward position, but teaching the people to believe that the bcdy of Christ bad so recently lain on the so-called altar. What did the curate pray to when kneel- ing before a brass cross over the Communion Table ? Was not that rank idolatry—a breaking of the second Commandment? He entered his protest against their narrowness in strictly adhering to the first Rubric in the burial service, in not saying the service over an uncon- scious infant, w ho had not had a drop of water sprinkled on its face. It was with great difficulty that Mr.Foulkes pro ceeded thus far, and be was repeatedly interrupted and several present left the meeting.—The Chairman and others strongly objected to Mr. Foulkes proceeding.—Mr. Foulkes tried again to proceed with his prepared address but the Chairman said he must call him to order. He must have a resolution or close the meeting .—Mr. Foulkes then moved that Mr. Bloag or the clergy of the church should be guided by the Rubric in the Book of Common Prayer, having assented and consented to the 39 articles of the Church of England, to the Book of Homilies and to the canons of the church. —The Chair- man objected to put such a resolution. Flo was only answerable for his conduct to the Bishop and not to that vestry. If he did anything contrary to the laws of the Church nt England he would have to take the responsi- bility.—Mr. Foulkes : That is a nice way of getting out of it. He was proceeding to speak when Mr. Reynolds said if .Mr. Foulkes was in a minority of one they should decline to listen to him further.—The Chairman asked if anyone was prepared to second the resolution. Receiv- ing no reply,he said he would declare the meeting at an end.—Mr. Riley proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, churchwardens, and sidesmen.—Mr. Edwards se- conded, and the motion was carried.

EMMANUEL CHURCH, WARGRAVE. The annual vestry meeting was held in the church on Tuesday evening. The Rev. J. Carson presided and amongst those present were Messrs. C.B.F. Borron, W. Thompson, jun., J. Moss, T. Haselden, H. Sweetlove, J. C *tterall, A. Purnello!cc. Mr. Borron read the statement of accounts for the year, showing a balance brought for- ward of £lO 9s. sd„ and receipts, £lBl 1.1.5. lid.; ex- penditure, £173 2s. 6d.; baying a balance of £8 93. 51. The accounts were adopted.—The Rector nominated Mr. W. Norman as his warden for the year, as Mr. Borron wished to retire from the position. Be could only ex- press the great obligation he felt himself under to Mr. B.4rron,since he entered the parish, for the great help he had given. Mr.Flaselden proposed Mr.Borron as peoples' warden. thinking, it would not be wise to have two strangers in at one time. Mr.W.Thompson seconded and the motion was adopted. Mr. Borron said if he had his choice of positions he should have preferred to he a sidesman for the coming year, hot as it was the wi.h of the vestry that he stiuld be people's warden, he should ave great pleasure in acceding to that .wish. The

===== 0002601_18950420_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Tlll4l EXAMINER, SATURNIL APRIL 20, 1895.

, following were appointed sidesmen :—Messrs. J.MotS,T 1 Haselden, Starkey, Sweetlovei Molyneux, Purnell, Thompson, J. Wright, Cave and Burrows. Mr. Purnell moved that the salaried Officers of the church be re- appointed. This was seconded and carried. The usual gratuity of £l5, was ordered to be given the choir. Messrs. Molyneux and W. Thompson were appointed larrepresentatives at the ruri-diaconal conference. The accounts of the Dean Trust Exhibition Charity were presented. In accordance with a resolution passed last year, that an estimate be asked for, as to the price for the laying of pipes to supply water for the heating apparatus, Mr. Borron said he believed the lay- ing of the pipes would be about £lo.—Mr. Thompson proposed that the matter be left in the hands of the Rector and wardens to consider what would be the best course to pursue.—Mr. Purnell seconded and it was carried.—A voluntary church rate of 2d. in the £ was laid.—A vote of thanks ta the Chairman terminated the : I proceedings. ,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
St JOHN'S, EARLESTOWN.

. The annual vestry meeting was held in the church es Mouthy afternoon. The Rev. T. R. Matthews presided, and amongst others prevent were the Rev.E.W.W. Kayo, Messrs. T. A. Pimblett, P. Foden, H. H. Anderton, J. Jones,&c. Mr. Pimblett,warden, presented the accounts for the year, showing an adverse balance of 3985 ss.4id. The Vicar nominated Mr. Pimblett as his warden, and on the motion of Mr. Winstanley, seconded by Mr. J. Latham, Mr. Foden was re-appointed parishioner's warden. The whole of the retiring sidesmen were re- appointed. A voluntary church rate of twopence in the pound was laid. The statement of accounts of the Dean Trust Cbarity,were presented, showing that £47 I3s. 9d. had been spent on the four exhibitions, and inciden- tal expenses. The churchwardens were elected repre- sentatives to the Diocesan Conferences. The Vicar thanked the wardens and sidesm.n for their services during the year. They had, he said, worked very hard and harmoniously. He also tendered his thanks to the choir for their arduous duties. A vote of thanks was accorded Mrs. Latimer, the organist, on the motion of Mr. Winstanley seconded by blir. Latham. Mr. J.Jones suggested that'a contribution should be made each year to some Convalescent Home,in order that they might be in a better position to send poor parishioners thore,when recovering from an illness. After considerable discus- sion, it was decided on the suggestion of the 'Vicar that the collections or one Sunday in the year should be divided between an Eye Hospital, Infirmary, and Con- valescent Home. A vote of thanks to the Vicar termin- ated the proceedings. SF. PETER'S, NEWTON.

_ The annual vestry meeting of the parish of St. Peter's, Newton, was held in the Town Hall, Newton, on Tues• day evening. The Rev. H. Monk presided, and there were present Dr. Watkins, Messrs. W. H. Hindley, J. Liptrott, I. Bateman,J. Clarke, L. Wilkinson, W. Speak- man, J. H. Moicrop, T. Ritchie, Col. Wood, &c. The statement of accounts was presented by Mr. J. Liptrott, vicar's warden. who gave receipts as £94 23. 5d., and expenditure £93 Os.sd.,leaving a balanceof £1 2s.in fav- our of the wardens. He said, if he did not say something with regard to the working of the year, he should be neglectful of his duty. Last year there was a balance arising from their accounts of £1 Os. Bd., which was a balance left to them by their predecessors. Shortly after taking office they received a demand from the Insurance Company for payment of the premiums, and instead of having a balance of £1 03. 6d. in their favour, it became a balance of £2 9s. Od. against them. He did not men- tion this as being any reflection upon their predecessors, but thay had £2 93. to find, and practically had to ;pay the insurance twice in one year.—Mr. Hindley said he had nothing to do with that, as the additional insurance was passed at the vestry meeting Mr. Liptrott said it was no reflection upon the previous wardens, but it was unfortunate that the new wardens should be in that position. He then alluded to the reduction of the church expenses, pointing out that they had been compelled to reduce the sexton's salary to £4O per year. At the end of the year they found they would be something like £2O to the bad, aad they made an appeal to the congregation, and be had to thank Colonel McCorquodale for his handsome donation of 10 guineas, which with the other general subscriptions gave them a snsall balance. He would like the members of the con- gregation to put it to themselves and say the child' needs £lOO per year to carry it on, and each person should undertake to give a certain sum per year to the expenses of the church. He mentioned several things which required doing, but could not be carried out owing to wat.t of funds.—Dr. Watkins proposed that the warden's accounts be received and passed subject to them being found correct, and in order. He congratulated the war- dens upon thelr success in their somewhat difficult year ot office ; what he would advice the wardens to do when they get their accounts printed, was that they set forth clearly to the congregation what would be the probable expenses of the year.— Colonel Wood seconded, and the accounts were adopted. —The statement of accounts of the Dean School Charity were presented.—The Rev. H. Monk testified to the very great value of the services of the church officers during the past year. It was a considerable number of years since they had had such a pleasant and comfort- able year. He renominated 85r.Liptrott as his warden.— Mr. I. Bateman was re-appointed parishioners' warden. —Dr. Fl. Watkins, Messrs. W. Speakman, A. Smith, and J. H.Lane were nominated Vicar's sidesmen,Messrs. , Percival, Meyer, Ritchie, and Bly thing were appointed people's sidesmen.—The wardens were appointed repre- sentatives of the congregation at the Ruri-deaconal Con- ferences.—Dr. Watkins proposed, and Mr. T. Wilkinson seconded a vote of thanks to the wardens and sidesmen, and it was adopted.—A vote of thanks to the Vicar as Chair man closed the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting in connection with the above church was held at the National Schoolroom on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rector (Rev. F. W. Willis). and there were also present the Revs. A. A.Markham and H. M. R. Hull, Councillor R. T. Fairclough (Rector's warden), Councillor A. Woods (people's warden). STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS. Councillor Woods in giving the annual statement of accounts said that he would first express his pleasure that the Rector was present that evening after his illness and he hoped that he would COMP back from the little holiday he was about to take, fit for his duties. In pre- ' 'elating the accounts, he was glad that they had at last got to the bottom of the mysterious accounts which had been floating about for several years. Be hoped to put before them something definite, and he did not think they would be troubled any more with any old accounts cropping up, Considering the fearful state of trade dur- ing the twl previous years he was glad to say that the receipts amounted to £564 lie. 7d., but he must tell them that the expenditure amounted to £826 13s. 10d. He was sure that they would admit that if the church was going to pieces, it would be better at once to patch it up, and make a good permanent job, than to anneal to the people in a few years to contribute £2,000 or £3,000 to practically restore it. At the present time, the Parish Church inside and out with the exception of a little stonework, was in perfect order. He wished to impress upon the people the necessity of giv- ing more to the offertory. He thought they should at least give a penny in the morning and another in the afternoon. If that were done, they would easily raise £BOO or £l,lOO a year.—Mr. S. Davies moved, and Mr. Walton seconded the adoption of the minutes, which were passed unanimously. T OF WARDENS. The Rector anno•mced that he had prevailed upon Mr. R. T. Fairclough to be his warden for the ensuing year. Mr. Price moved, and Mr. Banner seconded the elec- tion of Mr. A. Woods as people's warden. The motion was carried unanimously.

ELECTION OF SIDESIIEN. Mr. R. T. Fairclough nominated Mr. John Welton.and Mr. Woods, Mr. Arthur Browne, as their respective sidesmen for the ensuing year. The election of eight sidesmen was then procceeded with. The following gentlemen were nominated : Messrs. Gill, Price, Craik, Clark, Mason, DaviesMoores, Dewhurst, Wright, Scotson, and Atkin. A vote was then taken with the result that Messrs. Gill, Price, Craik, Mason, Davies, Moores, Dewhurst, and Wright were elected,

Mr. Bviner was elected sidesman for St. George's Mission, and Mr, F. J. Whittle for Bank-st. Mission. LAY DELEGATES.

Messra. J. D. Burk-t-on and J. Burgess, jun., were elected lay delegateq. VESTRY CLERIC LND AUDITORS. Mr. H. B. White was elected vestry clerk, and Messrs. F. Taylor and J. Woods auditors for the ensuing year.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTFS OF TMINICS.

On the motion of Mr. S. Davies. seconded by Mr. Craik. a vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies of the congregation, for their services to the parish during the past year. and upon the motion of Mr. Browns,seconded by Mr. Mason, a similar compliment was paid to the "Rector for presiding that night. The Rector, in reply, expressed his pleasure at the work done in the parish during the past vela. and hoped that the good work would continue. The'proceedings then terminated. ST. ANN'S CHURCH. The Rev. J. Davies presided over the annual vestry meeting of the ;kbove church which washeld on Tuesday evening. The attendance included the Rey. T. J.llorne, and Messrs. W. H. Rigbey, James Baird, John Baird, John Co.t,rove, Bretherton. Bashford, Floughton, G. Gleave. Daniels, Derry Randall, Herbert Woods (of the firm of Messrs. Ashton and Wood), deputy vestry clerk; and J. Dagnall, parish clerk. The 110,.. J. Davies remarked that they all had much cause for thankfulness, and to take fresh courage for the progress which had been made in every department of parochial work. The congregation had increased and also the attendance at the Sunday school. During the year many improvements had been effected in the church internally, and he thought that they now pos- sessed as good a church as any in Warrington as far as 1 cleanlinrss, neatneas,and ornaMentation were concerned. More than £3OO had been spent altogether during the year in these improvements and those in the Sunday school, and be was perfectly sure that everyone would agree with him in saying that the money had been' well spent.

Since the last vestry meeting also he had been joined by the Rev. P. J. Byrne, who gave him very material assistance, and who would, he (the chairman) was sure, receive a hearty welcome from the vestry. (Hear, hear.) The offertory bad increased in a marked degree, inas- much as a total of £llO had been banked during the past year, but he hoped that they weuld do even better in the future. Their thanks were sincerely due to all who had assisted them in any way, and he was pleased to say that Mr. W. H. Rigbey had consented to act as his (the , vicar's) warden for the ensuing year. Mr. Frank Taylor was elected neople's warden in the place of Mr. Glover, the latter gentleman having declined to take that office again. Messrs. H. Bretherton, J. Bunch, John Baird, T. Houghton, Pollard, Daniels and G. Gleave were chosen sidesmen ; whilst Messrs. James Baird and Randall were selected as lay representatives.—A vote of thanks I to the Chairman for presiding terminated the public ' proceedings.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.

On Monday morning the annual meeting in connection with the above church was held. The Rev. H. V . Pigot (vicar) presided, and there were also present—the Rev. A. H. Townsend (curate), Mr. James Smethurst (vicar's warden), Mr. William Chantry (parishioners' warden), and Messrs. D. W. Finney, A. J. Jolley, John Craddock, Joseph Lawless, T. W. Chantry, John Hayes, George Behbington, Matthew Warner, John Hankinson,Edward Edwardson, John Hough, James Lawton, and W. D. Jeans (vestry clerk).

===== 0002601_18950420_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.

Mr. Chantry presented the accounts of the church for the past year, from which it appeared that the receipts were £298 6s. 91. and the expenditure £275 17s. 2d., leaving a balance in favour of the parish of £l2 9s. 7d. The balance received from last year was £2O • 14s. 100. The bunday evening collections realised £92 103. 11d., awl the um of £134 153. 4d. had been expended upon the enlargement 0. the vestry. On the motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley, seconded by Mr. Finney, the accounts were I passed.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICIALS.

The Vicar again appointed Councillor : Smethurst as his warden for the ensuing year. Mr. William Chantry was unanimously re-appointed people's warden and votes of thanks were accorded to these gentlemen for their past services. The following gentlemen were elected sidesmen :—Dr. Adams; and Messrs. Thbmas Morris, William Lawless, A. J. Jolley, James Henry Smethurst, Robson J. Chorley, John Hayes, Joseph Law- 'es, Thomas W. Chantry, and John Craddock. Messrs. D. W. Finney and James Richardaon were elected the lay representatives at the conkrences in connection with the Winwick rural deanery.—Mr. Smethurst pro- posed a vote of thanks to Mr. Jeans for his services as vestry clerk.—Mr. Chantry seconded, and the motion was agreed to.—Mr. Jeans, in reply, congratulated the parish upon having such a suitable vestry in which to meet. That was the first time he had seen it since the enlargement.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EASTER OFFERIEGS.

Mr. Chantry proposed that the offertories on Easter Sunday be given to the 'Vicar. Mr. Finney seconded the motion. Mr. A. J. Jolley said it had been usual to reserve the Easter offerings for the Sunday school prize fund, and he would certainly vote against any change be'rig made in the matter. He had been connected with St. Paul's Church for a great number of years, and, as they knew, took great interest in the work of the garish, , and he thought it would be seen that he objected merely on principle to the Easter offerings being devoted to other than the Sunday school prize fund. After some discussion, in which the Vicar said he must decline to receive the Easter offerings if any objection was raised, Mr. Chantry withdrew his motion, ond the Easter offer- ings will for the present at all events be devoted to the Sunday school prize fund. PROPOSED MEMORIAL TO THE LATE MRS. JOHN CMORLEY. The vicar said the church on the previous day had re- ceived a present in the shape of a handsome book con- taining the Communion office. It was the gift of the members of the " mothers' meeting," with which the late Mrs. John Chorley had manifested consider- able interest for many years. The inscrip- tion on the book read : •‘ This book was given to St. Paul's Church in memory of Mrs. John Chorley by the members of the mothers' meeting, Easter Day, 1895." The Vicar thought that something might be done by the congregation and the parishioners gener- ally in memory of Mrs. Chorley, whose work in connec- tion with the church and parish had beea so valuable. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Chantry suggested that the repair of the tower clock or the erection of a new clock in its place would be a fitting memorial to the deceased lady. —Mr. Jeans said he was not a parishioner, but he had an interest in the parish, and he suggested that the more appropriate way in which to show their respect for Mrs. Chorley was to erect a tablet in the church.—The Chair- man thought the two suggestions might be combined, but it was not necessary to submit resolutions that day.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANES.

Some business of a routine -clTa—r"-Cier having hen dis- posed of, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Vicar for presiding, and the proceedings terminated.

HOLY TRINITY.

The Easter vestry meeting of this church was held on Tuesday night, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton occupying the chair. There were also present—The Rev.H.R.Wild (curate), Messrs. John Hatton, Welsby, Byerley, West- brook, Harrison, Dykes, Jefferson, J. Dunbabin, M‘Gregor, Forshaw, Beacon, Dobson, Howson, Halton, Booth, Dell, Naylor, Walker, and George F. F. White (vestry clerk).

===== 0002601_18950420_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS.

The statement of accounts showed the receipts to be £285 Bs. 30., and the expenditure £271 18s. 20., leav- ing a balance in favour of the wardens of £l3 103.1 d.— The vicar stated that £ll 17s. 10d. had been that year received from the Wheedle Charity, of which suin Ell 14s. lid, had been spent in clothing, &c., for the aged, infirm, and other needy folk attending Trinity Church.—Accounts showing how the amount had been expended Were put in by Mr.Ruvison, and passed by the , vestry,

===== 0002601_18950420_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF WARDENS AND SIDESMEN,

The Vicar again appointed Mr. Thomas Welsby his warden, saying that that gentleman had taken a great interest in everything which concerned the welfare of the church.—Mr. John Hatton was re-elected the people's warden on the motion of Mr. Byerley The following gentlemen were elected sidesmen : Messrs. R.W. Rowson, Thomas Harding,Byerley,Barms, J. Halton, H. Hoult, E. Booth, J. A. M'Gregor, John White, Edward Rose, John Hesketh, J. M. Beacon, W. J. Forshaw, H. J. Westbrook, and John Gerard. Messrs. Rowson and R. Dobson were re-elected lay representa- tives ; Mr. George White was again elected as vestry clerk at the same remuneration ; and Messrs. Forshaw and Harrison were re-appointed auditors.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED RENOVATION OF THE CHURCH.

The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton proposed that the vestry should set aside £lO annually out of the collections to form a repairing fund with it. By so doing they would have money to fall back upon to renovate the church when it was necessary, instead of having to collect sub- scriptions. The motion was carried.—lt was intimated that renovations and improvements would shortly be effected in the interior of the church.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

On the motion of the Vicar, seconded by Mr. Byerley, a comprehensive vote of thanks was accorded the war- dens, sidemen, choristers, &c., for their valuable ser- vices during the past year.—The Vicar announced that he had had a visit that afternoon from Lady Cavendish, who had inspected the parochial mission-room, which was situated in Factory-yard. Her ladyship had after- wards expressed the opinion that the mission was one of the most successful in the kingdom. The meeting sub- sequently closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JAMES'S, LATCHEORD.

The annual Easter vestry meeting of the above church was held on Monday at noon. The Rev. F. Slater pre- sided, and there were also present—The Rev. E. T. Hull, and Messrs. C. S. Burgess, J. H. Warburton, T. Hutch- inson, W. Eckersley, J. Caldwell, E. Archbald, T. Jack- son, and J. Dobson..—Mr. C. S. Burgess submitted the churchwardens' account for the past year, showing that the offertories yielded a total of £Bl 14s. id. The ex- penditure showed that there had been a balance due to ' the wardens at Easter, 1894, amounting to £l5 Bs. 3-0. The special expenses amounted to £lOO 16s. no. Other items brought the total disbursements up to £240 15s, 6d. Continuing, Mr. Burgess remarked that they had now completed the series d six pictures in thq church, and he did not doubt that every member of the Church would agree with him in saying that they added very much to the appearance of the walls. They had also got a new pulpit that year, which had been given to them by the Rector and wardens of Grappenhall. This was also a welcome addition to the church, increasing as it did the comfort of the preachers. There was something, how- ever, which he had had constantly to mention at these annual vestry meetings, and that was the large amount of money which they bad to receive from outside sources towards the general expenses ot the church. It must be a matter of regret to those who worshipped in that church that Ihe offertories, instead ot increasing, were really diminishinz. When he looked back upon the time during which he had been a churchwarden he could not help noticing that the offertories had consi- derably decreased from year to year. This was, of course, a matter entirely for those who attended the church to consider; but he himself Could not but think that it would be far more satisfactory if the offertories were increasing than decreasing, and that those who were members would try to do more than they really were doing for the church. (Hear, hear.)—The accounts were passed, on the proposition of Mr. Hutchinson, seconded by Mr Eckertiley.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF WARDENS AND SIDESMEN,

I The Vicar said he could not tell how glad he was that Mr. Burgess had again consented to be nominated as his (the Vicar's) warden. Mr. Burgess was always protest- ing that he had held the position long enough, but his (the Vicar's) opinion was that when they once had a good man they must keep him. (Hear, hear.) Mr.Burgess,in accepting the office for the ninth time, thanked the Vicar for this renewal of confidence. He must, however, express his regret that the Vicar had not selected another person to fill the place. He could not help thinking that a change in blood would have wrought more benefit in the church and parish, such as

the introduction of new ideas and the infusion of fresh / energy were likely to produce. He took the post some- what reluctantly in some respects,though not in others; but he hoped that at the next vestry meeting they would select someone with more energy and ability to occupy the office.—Mr. J. 1:i. Warburton was re-elected people's wardee, on the motion of Mr. Eckersley. se- conded by Mr. Jackson.—Messrs. George Venn,T. Jack- son J. Shaw, B. Cotton,J. Millwood, and H. Stansfield, who were the sidesmen for the previous year, were re- elected, with the addition of Mr. W. Eckersley, for the ensuing twelve months.—Messrs. C. H. Burgess and H. N. Houghton were re-appointed lay delegates.

VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. Hutchinson moved a vote of thanks to Messrs. C. S. Burgess and J. H. Warburton for their valuable ser- vices as wardens of the church, He said that both gentlemen were heartily deserving of such a compliment and he was sure that the vestry were well pleased that both had again accepted office.—Mr. Jackson seconded, and the vote having been unanimously accorded, Mr. Burgess brietly returned thanks.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTEMPLATED STRUCTURAL ALTERATIONS.

The Vicar thought there was no need to transact further business at that meeting, seeing that they would have to meet again very soon. A turret clock had been bequeathed to the church by the late Mr. Charles Middleton, and also some money by the same deceased gentleman for the purpose of purchasing a stained glass window and placing it in the church to the memory of his deceased father and mother. It would be necessary to obtain a faculty for this work to be carried out, and at the same time they proposed to ask for powers to effect certain alterations in the church, the advisability of which had already been freely discussed. It would, however, be requisite to have another parish meeting in a few weeks' time or so.

The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Vicar for presiding.

T. THOMAS' CHURCH, STOCKTON HEATH.

The annual vestry meeting in connection with the above church was held on Tuesday. The chair (in the absence of the Vicar, the Rev. T. S. Tofts) was taken by the Curate in Charge the Rev. H. R. C. Vernon. There were also present—Mr. Robert Davies, Mr. Edwin W. Woods (vestry clerk and vicar's warden), Mr. William Richardson, Messrs. John Hallows, F. Timperley, F. Pearson, H. J. Westbrook, H. N. Houghton, T. Jackson Lee, Bradshaw, Spencer, Bostock and C. &wards. The accounts were presented by the Vestry Clerk, from I which it appeared that there was a balance due to the wardens of £ll ss. 3d. The total receipts amounted to £22745. 'The general offertory realized £l7l 14s. 10d., and the special offertory £37 123. sd. Mr. Woods re- marked that the offertory, compared with previous years, showed a slight falling off. The accounts were passed, on the motion of Mr. Bradshaw, seconded by Mr. H. N. Houghton.—Tne Chairman read a letter he had received from the Vicar, who nominated Mr. E. W. Woods as his warden for the ensuing year. Mr. Vere Davies' name was mentioned as a candidate for people's warden, but for reasons of health he was obliged to decline, and accordingly, on the motion of Mr. Woods. seconded by Mr. T. J. Lee, Mr. William Richardson was appointed to the post. The following were appointed , sidesmen :—Messrs. Robert Davies, Charles Seward,Vera I B. Davies Arthur J. Down, Phillipson and T. J. Lee. I Mr. Houghton moved, and Mr. Timperley seconded,that the meetings in future be held at eight o'clock in the evening.—Mr. Davies moved, as an amendment, that no alteration be made.—This was seconded by Mr. Pea- rson, and carried, seven voting for it and five against it. —Mr. Davies, in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman and the various officers of the Ckurch, said they were about to sustain a serious loss during the en- suing year. He had received a letter from Mr. James, who was giving up his services as organist,schoolmaster, and choirmaster. Mr. James had written to him to say that his health was so affected that his doctor had ad- vised him to leave the country permanently, and he had therefore,decided to leave for America,where his parents lived. He (the speaker) was sure that there was no one present who would not very much regret that they were about to lose such valuable services.—Mr. Lee seconded the motion, which was carried, some discussion taking place upon the advisability of dividing the duties now held by Mr. James.—Mr. E. W. Woods and Mr. Vere Davies were appointed lay-representatives.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, THELWALL.

The Easter vestry meeting of the above church was held on Tuesday night in the vestry. The Vicar (the Rev. T. Pym Williamson) presided. The following appointments were made :—Lay delegates,Messrs. W.H. Bleckly and R. A. Naylor ; churchwardens, Messrs. T. Cooke and Admiral Jones Parry; sidesmen, Messrs. T. Williams and A. Bleckly. At the conclusion of the re- election the church accounts were checked and found to be correct, and the meeting terminated.

GRAPFENHALL. The vestry meeting of the above church was held on Tuesday morning, the following were present :—The Rector (Rev. R. Greenall), and Messrs. A. L. Kaye, L. Leyland, A. Dakin, T. W. Jones, S. Jenkins, and J. Mainwaring.—The Rector nominated Mr. A. Kaye as churchwarden.—Mr. Jones proposed and Mr.Mainwaring seconded. and it was carried, that Mr. Leyland be a warden.—The Rector appointed Mr. A. Dakin as side- man, and Mr. Jones was elected sidesman. Mesita. Kaye and Dakin were elected lay representatives at the ruri-decanal conferences. STRETTON.

The annual vestry meeting was held in the schoolroom on Monday, the Rev. Canon Dodd presiding. The ac- counts were duly read, audited, and passed, showing a balance of £2 12s, 4d. on the wrong side,owing to several subscriptions have been lost by subscribers having left the neighbourhood. The following were duly elected to 11 serve office :—Wardens, Mr. J. Renshaw and Mr. John Rutter ; sidesmen, Mr. Hugh Derbyshire and Mr,Edward Brocklehurst. A vote of thanks having been passed to the officers for their past duties,the meeting terminate i. The ringers rang out merry peals during the day, and in the evening sat down to a substantial dinner at the Cat and Lion.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
WALTON.

The annual vestry meeting for the parish of Higher and Lower Walton was held in the Vestry of St. John's Church on Monday morning. The Rev. L. J. T. Dar- wall, 8.D., vicar, occupied the chair, and amongst those present were Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., Messrs. John Weir, T, Smith Burgess, William Weir, John Cooper, Alfred Broady, Joseph Muskett, Peter Shearn and Thomas Lane (organist). The accounts for the past year were submitted to the meeting and passed. The Vicar appointed Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., as his war- den for the ensuing year, and Mr. John Weir was elected people's warden. Sir Gilbert nominated Mr. T. Smith Burgess as his sidesman,whilst Mr. John Weir nominated Mr. William Weir as his sidesman. The meeting ter- minated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

The annual vestry meeting of Padgate Church was held in the Church louse on Tuesday evening. rbe Rev. J. J. Langham (vicar), occupied the chair. The accounts for Padgate and Orford were passed on the proposition of Mr. I. Houghton, seconded by Mr. J. Houghton. The Padgate account showed a total income of £127, made up as follows :—Special collections, £5B, Wardens 'collections £56 and Communion £l5; as against a total last year of £lO9. The total expenditure was £l2l 13s. 10., leaving a balance of £5 6s. lop. in hand. The Orford accounts when pre- sented showed a total income ef £46 10s. 7d., a total expenditure of £42 15s. qd., with a balance of £3 15s. 21d. in hand. The accounts were adopted.—Mr. Hodgkinson gave a long explanatian of the accounts, and pointed out that additional expense had been in- curred owing to the vestry floor decaying and the chan- cel skirting boards. He had expected a deficit instead of a balance. After some discussion it was decided that the accounts should be made up to Easter Sunday in- stead of the end of March. The Vicar presented hl3 com- munion accounts for Padgate and Orford.—The Vicar re•appointed Mr. liodgkinson as his warden, and Mr. J. W. Fowles was appointed people's warden. The Vicar nominated Mr. W. Royston, W. Houghton, J. W. Beevers and G. Hatton sidesmen for Padgate' and the meeting also appointed Messrs. J. Gibson, F. M. Apple- ton, J. W. Houghton and J. P. Critchley. The Vicar also appointed Messrs. T. Corbett and C. Grounds as sidesmen for Orford, and Messrs. W. Pollitt and John Grounds were appointed by the meeting.—Mr. W. Hodkinson to represent ?Agate and Mr. W. Pollitt, Orford, were appointed to attend the ruri-decanal con- ference. A vete of thanks to the Chairman was unani- mously carried.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
CROFT.

The annual vestry meeting of this church was held in the vestry of Christ Church, on Tueaday.the Rev. H. I. Wadeson, rector, in the chair. The churchwardens' accounts for the past year showed that the balance in hand at the beginning of the year was £2 is. Sd., the receipts from collections, &c., during the year £39 13s. 7d., making a total of £4l 15s. 3d. The expenditure was £36 158. fid. The accounts were con- sidered very satisfactory. The Rector appointed Mr. J. Ball as his warden for the ensuing year, and Mr. Ball moved, and Mr. Owen seconded the appointment of Mr. H. E. Southern as parishioners' warden, which was carried unanimously.—Mr. Samuel Thomason was re-elected Rector's sidesman, and Mr. W. C. Southern parish sidesman. WINWICK. _ _ .

The annual vestry tne-e-tln.ga—a. St. Oswald's Church, ‘Vinwick, was held in the vestry, on Monday morning, and thee by adjournment in the reading-room of the Workingmen's Club. The Rev. Canon l'unrhyn, rector and rural dean, presided. The churchwardens submitted their accounts, which showed the receipts to be £lB6. The expenditure showed that at the end of the year a balance of £5 18s. 2d. had been overdrawn on the Sav- ings Bank. The accounts, which had been examined by Mr. Clarke, and found correct,were passed. The Rector nominated Mr. Swinton as his warden. Mr. Woreley was re-elected parishioners' warden, on the motion of Mr. Longten, seconded by Mr. Shaw. The Rector re-appointed Mr. Thomas Warburton as his sidesman, and Mr. Worsley moved, and Mr. Crane seconded, that Mr. Longton be re-elected parishioners' sidesman, which was also carried. Messrs. G. Comber, J.P., and J. E. Worsiey were re-elected lay representatives, and Mr. Joseph Crane, clerk and sexton. Mr. R. Clarke was also re-elected vestry clerk.

===== 0002601_18950420_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY...

The annual Conference of the Independent Labour• party was opened on Monday at Ne.wcastle-on- ryne- The annual report of the Administrative Council,whichl was presented by Mr. T. Mann, recommended amongss, other things the printing of an" international circular,' in English, French, and German, dealing with Socialism in this country, and sending greetings to the Socialists ot all countries. A close alliance with the co-operative' movement was advised, "as co-operation is at the bottom democratic, and undoubtedly makes for the common organisation of industry in the interests workers." The report was adopted. In the course t the proceedings it was resolved to retain the name SPY which the party has hitherto been known. Its aim was, defined to be the establishment of "an Industrie of tbe commonwealth founded uoon the socialisation land and capital," and this was to be effected "by the education of the community in the principles of Social ism, the 'industrial and political organisation of t!le:.. workers, and the independent representation of Sociarisk• principles on all elective bodies." The Conference of the Independent Labour party was resumed at Newcastle on Tuesday, when the Presl- dent (Mr. Hardie, M.P.) delivered his inaugural address• He claimed for the organisation that it had every ar pearance of s'ability and success. The Liberal party,ne, declared, was "shedding its members at both He believed the time was opportune for the (canatie, of a Socialistic party which should have as its cleclar.en. aim "an industrial commonwealth," in which the In struments for the production of wealth should be owned la in common, and in which the wealth produced be used for the advantage of the entire coarmllo4;0 Consideration was resumed of the proposals of National Administrative Council, and resolutions were passed on a considerable variety of subjects. The Independent Labour Conference conclnuch• busidess at Newcastle-on-Tyne on Wednesday. "'berg discussion arose upon the proposed pledge of mein de- " to vote in local elections as the branches of tbe Inc se pendent Labour party may determine, and in the A ;or of Parliamentary elections as PI conference conveneuod that purpose may decide." It was urged bY sL3lll,,ebi he strongly objected to by others that members sun" %col free to ese their votes to punish their opponents a,,s „,ore• as to oppose their friends. Various amendmen,°,,-noii moved, but the proposal of the Administrative I°-•rae ~,` was finally carried by a majority of 33 votes te;-,; of a rest of the day was occupied with the discusmultiplicity of subjects, including that of tue „"assed ployed. With regard to this a resolution was Yb-liga• demanding that Parliament should recognise tlie °molar tion of the State (central and municipal) to fieu,e—thetn" ment for all citizolis " on the basis of supplYinF selves with the necessaries of life, on trade union '-tpors tions as to hours and:wages,but in no case shall leslbero 6d. per hour be paid." By another resolution ln`O—very were recommended to connect themselves with cc)--ense tive societies in their respective districts. The Confer decided to meet next year at Nottingham.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKE P.—WEDNESDAY, Apr- -7 v 0Q AN i FRUIT, VEGETABLE, POULTRY, BUTCHB FISHMONGERS' TABLE. . 8. d. s. d. 5, d• - 9 u , Beef, Eng.,, it 0 sto 0 9 Melons each ,,..... 1 ''',, 0 ' Lamb per lb ... I 0— 1 3 Oranges, each h .—0 0 Mutton „ ...... 0 6 J 10 Celery f stick 0 0— 0 0 Veal ~ ~0 6 0 10 Pears 0 °— 0 6 Pork „ „ ...... 0 6 0 8 Apricots each 0 0 -*. 0 1 Pork sides , cured O5 —0 o Cauliflowers eacho 4 0 6 Whole pigs„ so 8 0-8 2 Cucumbers each° 6 - 0 1 Geese „ —2 1 6 Fowls f couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes Tls 0 0. 0 ° Chickens Ducks „ - 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0— co Ra,.hits Hares. each -0 0 Asparagus riooo .„-110 Pigeons „' Parridg'e brace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes ,' 0 g 0 ' 0 Grouse , : Pheasants Turkey 1 0-1 2 Green Sprouts lb 0 Butter, fresh lb 1 2 1 3 Brans,kidney ml Hen eggs 14 I 0— 0 0 Pomegzanates... 0 Duck „ Apples lb Onions ~0 I—o 2 Cheese ............ 0 0— .A 0 Grapes „ Pine Apple each 26 3 0 „ new ...... 55 ,1,1 --50 0 Greengages IP lb 0 0-0 0 „ ordinary.- 3,0 'R--- 0 ! Cherries , ...... 0 0— 0 0 Lobster rtb ••• ' I—o ' Strawberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ ...... 1 Damsons „ ~ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon „ ...... 2 4,, 0 (,5, Plums „ 0 0— 0 0 Whitings ......0 ''.-- 0 : Gooseberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Flukes „ •-• " 0 ' Raspberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ ... .....011 1 11 Black Currants 0 0-0 0 Soles „ :: Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish,,o 4, ":_o 9 Seakale r to.° o—o 0 Mackerel each 0 . 0 $ Rhubarb bch 0 0— 0 0 Herring I, dozen 1 0 -

—______-__---------- 0 i grarringtem—Printed and Published bv Jong IVAr.g%rove at The Examiner General Printing Works. 138::etkirliS4 rd Published also at The Evia?7in ; n' OffiePS. "ES; High-street, RUNCOUN ; 32. Oeorile" „VA "'d 33. .Ma"tet-street, IiABLY:sTowY.

===== 0002601_18950420_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREE4 WARRINGTON. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVE.SARY. On SUNDAY, APRIL 28TH, 1895. SERMONS Will be pr ached by the REV. JOHN YONGH Special Hymns and Anthems will be sung. SERVICES at 10 33 and 6.30. Collections for School Funds. YCLIFFrI CHURCH, BEWSET-STREEt WARRINGTON. TO MORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING, APRIL 21ST. SPECIAL DISCOURSE By the REV. JOHN YONGE, Upon the lam" RICAATROCIOUS If ASSACRH OF CHRISTIANS IN . AND ENGLAND'S DUTY IN RELATION Eery. TO IT. at 6.30. usual offertory.

"RMVS GRAND NEW CIRCUS, WARRINGTON. Grandy__ 01 the opening of this beautiful new build- % -r/1364 delightedond all say it is the best Circus ewer OUt en in th% 3- Look Great ChangeAß of programme. 20 New 7.1. /neat 05,41:13r1ght Stars, MONDAY IL 22nd. ngage- the CGICA.GO OZ VAIL troupe; of lighting Acrobats, tiosagerrierft of the BROTHERS, DIANTA. Greatest musical 011 Earth. Engagement of fdiss AIRELLA. Engage- -240113 AETLELLI Engagement, of the wonderful Gymnasts, all the Great Company and Stud ef trontl"'l?°llles, Mules ac. MELLE FEBDERIYA and hot t'rval Wonderful Dogs, th6talk of Warrington. Y Performance on Saturday at 2. rPriet°r, OHMY, HERO OF THE BALLOON.

-- „V"nr,DPT WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RIJN- Tiva ANNIVERSARY SBRITICHS will be held Itlyv ill APRIL 21st, in St. Paul's Chapel. Preacher: THE Plittcis—' A. DE HOUILPIED, Collections in Aid of School ..PPropriate pieces by Choir and Scholars. ,e„.on tinv, R EVENING, in the Public Hall, Runcorn. Ll' A. DE MOUILPIRD will lecture on PARIS 10AL, SOCIAL, RELIGIOUS." eh* t be taken at:'7.3o by B. lISiISON IISQ J P

B A e2ii...cERT be given in the CO-OPERATIVE f A.RLESTOWN. on SATURDA.Y, April 20th, at 7.15 p.m, have Prstai..! Blind Man, when the following artistes . trA,,their assistancei—Miss MAY CLARE, Soprano , 'l•AltsrT IRS. Contralto • Messrs. d. NICHOLLS and F. P. It, tr. Tenors ; Messrs: HIGHAM,J. SUDWORTH and J. IT; Bass. Reciter Miss E. JONBS. Whistling "COS" '4r. J. HOWARD' Solo Violin, Mr. T. CLARE. 141:tiltinitit, Miss B. L. GRBBNALL, and Conductor. 18. ; Second Seats, 6rl. A limited number 341.

eIITVNING OF THE MAY QUEEN will take • skrirrace on the RECREATION GROUND, GOLBORNE, 1.1 1,20F"1a MAY, 4th. 1885. A GRAND PROCESSION children representing different Nations, Trades and Pali-Vers. will are le thea hove ground at 2.30 p.m.,, and e the__ 1014 ao PanciPal streets. The QUEEN will be Crowned • ri—ra• The may Pole Dance. the Gipsy Dance, the • .and the V. P o B Dance. Miss WALKER and • m their charming"new skirt " dance. New Vrit • 'Costumes New Characters. Special Engage- -8li." " Paddock Troupe "(3 M number), Lid): Trick ee ihe Champions of all young ladles in this line, 1)4, tieccfra in their Dracefui Daring and Refined and Ilnaur- Sergeant Major STORROR (late of the 2nd Life sr▪ °llllel neW Proprietor of the " Legh Arms Hotel, near the 'will go through his wonderful sword feats, cutting a d__4sek,eitletWo at one stroke, cutting an apple on the head and Ccchk„, c. Four Thuds in attendance and will play for liticrn'n,ll dusk. Mr. HOLDEN'S " World's Yair will k...46,104-7,the ground. Teas and Refreshments will be pro- -0741,p,, Ile ground at moderate charges by Mr. Joint PARR, -411 d Colborne. Admission to the ground 6d., 1111',%01 extra Vehicles by Csunces Court entrance °Pedal trains from Wigan. Warrington, calling at 'llrther-iwor Its Stations. See pesters for times at trains and °relation. JOSEPH SANKEY, Secretary.

LONDON. D'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, )10- .(74 34 TO 40 LUDGATII HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARM. eDURORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

• , '• • WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL .141 MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via -UT Catt:XlC Queenstown.'EPEßY WXDISSDAY. Apr. 24. i BRITANNIC Wed., May 1. 04171trzed on Passenger Steamers. ,sktrer„Re in will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*, •1005te /7,13488aRe at low rates including Outfit free of ifid v'w. York. Boston Philadelphia or Baltimore. The v 46 ;Pk es 5515 of this ' . line are all the largest class. /41101;:ihmet tnOdel and arrangements, and unsurpassed in ...arnideTl,..ess of their appointments. Saloon and State grei'laali.,ithdPs• Apply to Ishtar, IWRIE, and Co., 35, pool, reet, London. 8.C., and 10, Water-street.

NEW YORK, every SATURDAY. I A. tit LAI DE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

Il ITTZISID Nry pi li-,, EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- 'kijNi"LADELVHIA. SAN FRANCISCO. DANAD_A: thotallaAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NBW ZBALAND - te sat the LOWEST BATHS at p T ticket 46-, • 114 A-42CAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. -73.°0tuth..e above-mentioned or any other lines. WA.LRIIR AND CO. AGENTS.

010,- tlllBlB GRATEFUL. I,\ ' COMFORTINCr. kj C 0 A. BREAKFAST—SUPPER. BOILING WATER OR MILK. THOMAS HAMER' ALCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN lIOTEL, EAR LESTO WN. ROMPT SETTLEMENTS. BEATTY, AT it ILOR: AND CONTRACTOR, "":"4PIRLD TIMBER YARD EARLESTOWN. (I._ebealer in all kinds of Building Materials. ral repairs to Property of every Description. 4111441de of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given. 11 RULED TO ANY PATTERN Stltel L - ATTENTI-0; paid to Neatness and -"ft ta______PßOSPECTus Ea. PROGRAMMES, &O. tIASIINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. •

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FROM 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

I)UPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Lb T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSfor Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor.atreat , Lon- ‘on-road. Manchester. SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, ALRk. GORDON Manager.

HIGIIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shellleba and Rleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &e. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, as. GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. 'DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, &c. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

R UNCORN ÜBI A L BOARD BALANCE SHEET FOR THE YEAR ENDING MARCH 25TH, 1895. Dr. 2 s. d. To Balance in Bank, General Account 3 2 7 „ Sinking Fund Account 215 13 1 Interment Fees „ Grave and Burial Certificates Sale of Grass ... 5 9 8 „ Rent of Field ... 13 2 I „ Cash from Overseers' Sinking Fund Account 120 0 0 on General Account 60 0 0 ~ ~ .. „ Dividend on Console 8 6 6 „ Bank Interest „ Due to the Bank General Account 2783 11 3 CR. £ e. d. By Interest on Mortgagee lBl 6 8 „ Mortgages Paid-off 3OO 0 0 „ Maintenance and Repairs „ Rates, Taxes, and Tithe l2 13 4 „ Printing, and Stationery „ Sundries and Expenses „ Wages , Bank Commission l5 2 „ Balance in Bank, on General Account £0 0 0 „ Balance in Bank on Sinking Fund Account 2783 11 3 SINKING FUND] ACCOUNT. DR. To Balance, March 25th, 1895,:invested in Consols 312 18 4 CR. 2 s. d. By Balance , 312 18 4 ' MORTGAGE ACCOUNT. 1 DR. 2 e. d. To Balance 4,884 3 0 CR. 2 s. ,d. By Balance 4e884 3 0 Examined and found correct. JOSEPH K. DIGGES, }. 1 JOHN POOLE, Auditors. 1 April Bth. 1895„ I • I

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANOED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

R.,3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, P.rmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Repayments Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Apply to Office hours 10 to?. Saturday 10 to 1. JO3EPII WADSWORTH, District Agent, 125, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. atONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WiDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from fit 17. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF RIO TO £l.OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO RE-PAY. Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs, Publicity. Also on Dgeds, Life Policies, lee. at per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capits:l can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full particulars from— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., Manchester Chambers, 46. L, Market Street. MANCHESTER

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1,000.000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station S. Helene Mr. 3. B. LEACH. Hardattaw-street Knutaford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbaoh Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

RUPTURE: ITS RELIEF AND CURE. By J. A. SHERMAN, HERNIA SPECIALIST. Author and Inventor of the populur SHER MAN METHOD. Will oe in attendance at his Chambers, 19, Mount-street (opposite Central Stition), Manchester %nd 19, West George-street (Victoria Hotel), Glasgow, ALTERNATE WEEKS. Write at once for his BOOK ot Information and Endorse- ments, which he sends POST FREE.

FURS! LADIES' FURS ! You can Purchase Single Articles of Fur at Wholesale Price, all the first fashion; also . Sealskin Jackets and other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom: 21, LEVER-STREET, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments Re-Fashioned, and all other Furs Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning, Jsc.

35/- REVOLUTION IN THE 35/_ WATCH TRADE. T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCIIMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and aecnrate in tire. at a 004 Or 355. Many persons will be nurprised that a gertuice English Lever can be made tor the ',nice, but 'U. B CARDWELL has succeeded in producin au EnaLsh Lever, 355. The 355. I, NEIL'S!' SILVER LkVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, gukranteed it r Five years can be had at VJARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Doer to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18 carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from ET 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND NELIABLB.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, _ SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

FRISCH, SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL ALTTUORISED AGENTS FOR TIM WALTHAM WA LOIL COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 15 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto . Gold, Iron 4 4 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

QILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER,4'URCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ctisnot). Strings, Bows, Cases, &c., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

OPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES SPECIALLY MADE FROM 4/6. IF between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused, and the letters run into one iv iother, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBURN AND SON, 17, JAMES-STREET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station,) ARE THE OLD OPTICIANS IN LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

Established 1885. Estimates given. We J. SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS, REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAMeLANE, WARRINGTON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most weproved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from CO and upwards BREAKAGES arising from frost promptly attended to.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

R. CLAMP & SON, KANUFACTURERS OP' TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 64. 39, AND 41, DALE STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF 1. WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCH HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at HA, Sankey-et.

WIDOW WRLCEI'S PILLS FOR FRMA.LBCOMPLAINTS VrRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter of the Widow £l_ll_ Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the °illy original and geouine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints ha sobtained for it a most extensive and inc easing demand. P urchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that *hat they purchase Is prepared by Mrs. Smithers who is the only person In possession of the ORIGI- NAL RECIPE. The genuine are wr pped in Blue Paper, and signed in tne outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS AND Sou, 157, Queen Victoria-it," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold boxes at2s.9d. each, by most Chemists.

I- I FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES. AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares Is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address E-EORGE EVANS and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24. Queen Victoria-at., London, B.C.

TMPORTANT NOTICE.—WANTRD every roam to see the 1. Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free 1.3, post. Any address in envelope.—Write H. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Fitzallan-square, Sheffield.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogort. but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN entre for lost strength, wasting weakness. Ac., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC, ITY. Bent in envoiope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LE/GH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manch eter MACDONA.LDS LIMITED Have revolutionised ,the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE eYery-FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 204. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS TEETH are niade without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.: MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH .are aide to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are otrinnie4 at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4. Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD., Horwieh, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester. J. M. BEACON, 38, pannili's BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MACK'S HOP BITTERS AND OLD STYLE GINGER BEER. Family trade specially catered or.

THE MISSES RIMMER, 23, Wilson Patten-street, t. Warrington. School will re-open (DV) May 2nd. Pees, Testimonials, Lists of Passes. etc., on application.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., PROFESSOR OF SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION on the best English and Italian methods.—Terms, 10. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"ITACANCIES FOR TA L N TED MUSICAL V YOUNG AMATEURS.—Maneheater Branch, London Conservatoire of Music, Hyde Park : free tuition, resident scholarships, and London introduction (no exam. fees).— Address SECRETARY, London, .

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. S. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkingtou-road (near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus. As., on application to Head Master. NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15. MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 48. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17TR, Entrance Examination the same day at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES. Forms of Application, ctn., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER. N.B.—There is a Boarding House under the sanction • Governors.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The MIXT THEM WILL BEGIN on THURSDAY, MAY END. Preparatory Form for boys under.twribre years cv:* age. Fee, £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. TWELVE RING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tuition fees. Four valuable Exhibitions (no) to the Universities. Boarding fee from £36 to £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2, £l6 per annum. Full prospectus from the Rev. the HEAD MASTER. NEXT TERM BEGINS MAT 2ND.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS. LADIES' Calf Goloshed Walking ROOTS and SHOES in all STYLES 4nd FITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S COURT SHOES. LADIES' and GIRLS' EVENING 8010135. LADIES' GAITERS in Black, Navy, "Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post tree, 1/11. Guaranteed to Fit. Send Size of Boot. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE,STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, BARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

LA DI ES' BEST FRIEND. Married or Single Indies sh. uld send at once for MADAME LILLY'S ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, Post free, se:led, two stamps ; invaluable information of never failing remedies for Irregularities and Obstructions, obstinate or long-standing. Particulars and Testimonialg,stamped envelope. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the most delicate. Advice, stamped envelope. MADAME A. H. LILLY, COLSTON-ST., BRISTOL.

EADE'S GOUT & REIEU3IATIC PILLS. • --- SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. --- EADE'S pus. '3O, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, W.. January 27,1892, EADWS pus. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise AD WS pms. for Introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills* Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a lime, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, Gcalled Chalk tout. —Yours OUT truly, R•• W. LITTLEJOHN." HEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOS NELL-110AD, LONDON. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

THE NEW LONDON SPRING SUITINGS THREE GUINEAS. MADE ONLY TO ORDER in a careful and effi- cient manner in the latest London Mode due regard being paid to the Wishes of the Customer one of the finest Selections of SUITINGS in New and confined designs in the provinces. C. SUNDERLAND, 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLICI & CO., LD.. BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE : Arpley Station, Warrington. I COIL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Matson-street, Runcorn. Garston., Arpley, Warrington. Mold Jo.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it, Failure is impassible. Send stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever failed—even in the most longstanding, intricate, and lingering cases. Post fret, undercover, with written guaran- tee of cure 58. (eve shillings).—Mrs. W. E. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes Road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASH or*BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

No Home should be Without the Household Favourites "STANLEY" BAKING POWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURED BY J. MEADOWCROFT AND CO., STANLEY MILLS, BURY.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Deocrlption of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

W. P. & W. S _HELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STRERT, wARRIN4Tos. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. Ow. WIRE NETTING, FENCING WIRE. BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS, LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESORIP- TIONS.LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING IRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARBET ST.. WARRINGTON.

Ia_EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. •-•4 The best and cheapest ever offered to tke Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d.. 10d., and Is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, WARRINGTON.

(MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Po. - MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. { The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. - MORRIS, CHEMIST, I. ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

• GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient for work reqbgrozhand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extracti!Toii;t :liehi!)t.hiedreto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the lite J. H. P ARRINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEE& WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

A LL GENTLEMEN looking for good, sound advice on the Cl. coming Flat Racing Season enclose stamped address to W. PARR, Childrey, Lambou, n.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. TUB TURF MISTER, Published twice daily, Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

CITY AND SUBURBAN.—Grand Tips sent for is., should not be missed, or send stamp for my payment by results system, no fee unless correct. Remember 1894,—GEORGE KING, 9, Amhurst-terrace, Bast-st., Woolwich,

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Price list'published twice daily clarity; the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address,— GREAT METROPOLITAN, CITYAND SUBURBAN, 2,000 GUINEAS, DERBY &cc.. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD. Cl RE Y HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 108. 6d. --RAM COMBINGS I per oz. IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, J 2s. SCALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

[WO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. ROYLWS Burning the New Smokeless Fuel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES.q entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 58 Thousands 1 selling Supplied on appi oval. SHOWROOMS, 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DAT.HAM ENGINEERING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-street, Oxford-street.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in tbe latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULCERS, 0 I L BAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT, (CROYDON, England.) NEURALGIA, Lc. BOrrims, Bid., le. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent d, H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

TT OOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOCK. Joiners', Ship Carpenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', laastitters', Plasterers', Shoemak.-rs', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGH ES BROTH ER,B. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BEOWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 67, TANNERS"-LANH, WARRINGTON, Establlshed 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. owest Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON. WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

ASTHMA! AsTIIMA ! .ASTHMA! Tllg LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-ST. LONDON, B.C. Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, ere. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL INH 4 LER, 25., by post 2s. lid, THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER, per tin 3s. 6d., by poet .ss. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR. ls.,by post Is. lid. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR, for Chronio Cases, 7s. 64., compete. " GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. post Is Ild

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole Whole- sale Agents : W. DWARDS BRONCHITIS AND Lox, 157, Queen Victoria treet, London. CROUP

ENS HAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW, PIA: HhINSHAW. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, 3IANCHES PROFLE'B MODEL,' I seven octaves, lull trichord, cheek !teflon, panel front, iron frame, in veneertd cases, £22 cash, or may bei,btained by ease payment's of 12s. 6d. monthly. D.livertd free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos oat hire system from 10s. 61. monthly, by all th lending makers, All instruments sold by lIENSHAW are fully war- rantei. 83, Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken in exchange. ---- A VIERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly Lill pail for. RENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. HIGN,AIAW deals fairly with his three years' Customers In cases of ern, rgency. He does not want both money and instrument. I+SHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT lIIENSHAIS"S, 83, P.I.,CADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. • -- RENSHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, lie'shy, & Lymm ..... Manchester, 5.-East Lancashire, YorksMre, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot, Wigan, 0 rm s- kirk, Widnea, & Rarlestown London, Foreign, and the Smith Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancasl,ro. New • ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester I London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties., Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales. and Ireland OlaEgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft. Padgate. Woolsi on, Stockton heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 5 - Eastern Counties

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Eariestown, Go!borne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts %Vest of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.lielens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Goibonm, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire, ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES —Market Gate Chambers, ), Warrington . AUCTION ROOMS—No. 1 Rank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock I nsurance Assochtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited . Established 1861.

T T HOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGEN, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND SCOTLAND-ROAD CH AMBERS. SALEROOM:— 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

SILVER GREY DORKING EGGS, from very large prize- bred Birds, ss. 6d. for 12. Also Dorking-Brahma eggs 3s. 6d. pen l doz, Post Free.—Bev. J. H. BROWN, Bedstone Rectory, Bucknell, 8.5.0.

LICIGS, Eggs from black minorcas (noted strain) winners _LI at Birmingham, Bristol, Bideford, Newnbam, Newport, Wellington numerous others, 6s. dozen two dozen 103., unfertiles replaced.—EwEN, Strangford. Clavedon, Somerset.

UGGS.--Silver grey Dorking, Cranston's strain entirely, .124 and dirk I orkings, Cranston's Pilkington's, and Butler Hinith's strain, 53. per dozen. Established over five years. - JOHN GILLETT, Court House, Campdeu. Gloucester- shire.

Q M. ROBINSON, 10 years breeder. winner a5O prizes and honours, has two breeding pens of ROCKS, care- fully mated, Sc. and 10s, a sitting: tintertiles replaced.— EDGBASTON POULTRY YARDS, 49, and 51, Hagley-road, Birminghsm.

EGGS FOR SITTING, 3s 6d. ; carriage psid, 4s. ; from hest and prize strains of folloeing varieties : Minor- cas. Leghorns, Andalusian, Plymouth Rocks. Orpingtons, Unfertiles replaced if ieturued carriage paid.—CHARLES TURNER, Black Brook-lane, Fearnhead. Warrington.

HAVING obtained fresh blood in all my Pens, I can supply Langshan EGGS, 3s. 6d. per sitting ; Laycecks' strain Black Minorca Eggs. 3s. 6d.; cock direct from Mogridge and Garlick's. Blue Andalusian; splendid Eggs, 3s. 6d,; Abbott's and Little's strain.—Mrs. WEATHERBY, 285, Eaves-lane, Chorley. -Liacts Fox 61110 G.—Parties desiring good and reliable 124 EGGS, before buying should inspect my Pens of the following varieties :—Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Houdans, Light Bramahs, Langshans, Rose and Single Orpingtons. Plymouth Rocks, Buff Cochins, all at 3s. a sitting; Indian Game 4s. Also first crosses of the following breeds :—Houdan, Orpingtons, Golden Ilamburgs. Golden Wyandottes, Brown Leghorns crossed with Buff Cochins, Indian Game, licudans all at 2s. per sitting.—At HENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le- Willows. No business done on Sunday.

MR. EDMONDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will confer a favour by inspecting his Stoca before buying Eggs elsewhere, Plymouth Rocks, Black Minorca'. Langshans, Hot-Irian', Dark Brahmas, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-Red), Brown Leg- horns, White Leghorns, Golden Pencilled Hamburghs, Buff Codrins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per sitting of 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, and White Wyandottes, Black 3:Unocal/a, Single and Rose-Combed Orpingtons. Light Brahmas, 4s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cochin! and Indian Game 6s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carriage paid. Cata- logues Fost free. Yard open on holidays. Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETH. COTTAGES, 2s, B.d. per week. tVINWICK rßeUi.ceADci toAver-street, Good LODGING V HOUSE. UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. Apply, ROBERT Lowz. E:tate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55. T-thes-on-the-bes (I'romenade). Furnished HOUSE kJ TO BE LET.—Apply T. BILSBOBOUGH, St. Annes. LlT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply ASHTON _I. and Wool's, Solicitors, Horsemarket-at., Warrington. ESIDEN CH.—To be LET. very desirable Residence (five 1. entertaining rooms. garden and stlble) at Latchford.— App'y WILLIAM OWEN, architect, Warrington.

rro BE LET, good House, White&ld-road. Stockton Heath I all modern conveniences ; rent £2B per annum Apply EDWIN BRA.DSUAW, Chattered accountant, Market- s, reet. Warrington.

1) OS I, GOTTAGS, Grappenhall, to let; two entertaining .1.1 rooms and square hall, live bedrooms. kitchens and offices, with gardens and stabling.—Apply to WILLIAM LONG and Sox, Grappenhall, near Warrington.

HOU-6ES. BAGLII MOUNT and STAFFORD THERACK, composed of four bedrooms, twe sitting•rooms.kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also Sunnyside tockton Heath, every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasant aspect ;rent £l9 10s. Apply Bogrocx,Wilders- pool Warrin gton • 9O LBT.—T%o good HOUSES. Gaskell-street, Warring- ." ton, rent 4s. 6d. per week.—Two HOUSES to let. lialifax-street, Warrington, rent 33. 6d. per week.—Caphal WORKSHOPS ami WARKHOUSRS in centre of Warrington, with Engine Boiler, Ac., rent moderate.—Good STABLING Central for two horses. Particulars, THostaS COWDELL. Scotlawl-road Chambers, Warringt yn.

lITIOUSI33 FOR SALE BY PRIVATNI TRBATY.—Capital Freehold Investment. 4 FINN and well-built Flin- t-10CD HOUSES with gardens and Land for building pur- poses thereto. Price £BOO. 6 HOUSES centre of Warring- ton,price 000. Rents 4s. 6d per week. Rents guaranteed. rt spectsble nelghbourhood. Street paved. Several Leasehold properties for Sale, either in lots oe sep trate, price from £ll3 In £l.so.—AppV THOMAS ( owneLL,EstateAgent and Valuer, Warrington.

----------- , WANTBD, Sv.fferers from Lumbago or DroDay to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. Asnwourn, Buxton, Chorley.

Lam UkT CLOTIIhb bougiit. ue.c. price tor parcel& toi- warded, it not approved. goode returned.—JAMEo GOB- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate. Manchester.

QUITED SAME DAY, Hotel and private. FIFTY SEE- Ai \TANTS WANiED. ages 15 to 26. Country girls should go to MISS STOCKWELL. 80a; Deansgat,e, Mipehester HARDWARE, FURIVITUItIi, BASSiNETTES,-ZycLEse WRINGERS, PIPES, WATCHES, JEWELLERY. AGENTS WANTED. Buyer's Guide free, write HEKITY MAY,Eiriniogham.

A GENTS WANTED. Country TaDori*, Drapers, and others Wanted to represent the well-known Advertis- ing Firm of Tailors. Woulf Bros., particulars on application. —Address Agency, WOOLF BROS ,37. Barbican, Lontlon,B.C.

WANTED. good collection of POSTAGE STAMPS. OLD BOOKS, COINS, WAR and COMMEMORATIVE MEDALS. Cash or txchange duplicates. Collectors (no dealers) write to " COLLECTOR." Fero iddc Villa, Iturnaby St. ')lselses, London.

QBCOND-HAND DRESS SU IT, Military, Theatirtisd,Band Unifotios and Liveries fur sale or hire.--JAMES GOR- KAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, D,Ansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits ,erfectiv new at a third cost price.

ITESICO-SUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane V Blister for Horses in the world ;no blemish ;no tying the heads, no rest needed ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free ; price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free. —GREGORY. Veterinarian, Bristol.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbe off. Prices, oz. is. ; 20 oz , 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases )f Horses, Dogs, ac. from CONDY'S FLUID WORKS, 61, Turnmlll-street, London,E .C.

GEORGE JACKSON:, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, LED 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

VE kIIANMIS A few Special Lines for Easter. Note our pric,s, and don't miss this Lot WALNUT OVERMIANTEL. 35i Payments taken. by 30in., this is one that can't be beat at the price ; suitable for 1 ss. 6. small sitting room

WERMANTEL, 40 by 37in., wal- Payments taken. kJ nut frame, English bevelled glass, canopy top, and brackets for ornaments 255. OD.

UDR Seeond-hand DOUBLE-BAR- Payments taken. BELLED GUN, finest twist barrels, also another very good one 19s. 6d. Both are quite sound, and in splendid condition 355.

TAPESTRY CARPET, never been Payments taken. used, 4k by 3 yds., 13s. 110. 'TAPESTRY CARPET,4k by3kvds. 14S. 11D. 1 a grand barzain TAPESTRY CARPET, 3by 3kyds , 265. 6. i warranted to wear well

ILVE tt LEVER WATCH.by Kay Payments taken, kJ Jones. Worcester, ful y jewelled and in sp!endid condition, crystal glass, and is a first class modern WATCH 375. 6D.

ILVER LEVER WATCH, by Payments taken. Aaronson. Manchester, in stout silver cases,capped and fully jewelled and warranted for 5 years. Honestly S. worth 5 guineas

OTlCB.—Great Clearance oALB of Musk Paraffin. Dry Soaps. 13s. 6d per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from business; rare chance; f owts. sent.—McNAnoaT, Fleetwood.

MANUFACTUREI?S' REMNANTS in Stuffs, Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Serges, Flannelettes, Velvets, Shirt- Inge, /sc. ; 10Ib. bundles, cheap. Price list free.--W. CLARK- SON. Merchant, Swaine-et., Biadforcl.

HIDE SALT—an excellent fertilizer for all kinds of grass and arable lands : price 13s. per ton (nett), in bags ; free on rails ; cash with order. A trial solicited.—Apply THE BIRKENHEAD SALT Co., Birkenhead.

PILES PILES! All outward Pile‘cured in two or three days with BODDY'S PATENT OINTMENT; TeStimonials from all parts; only one trial solicitei.—Apply W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks Boxes by post Is. lid.

MANNED NETTING for ureserylng fruit trees. flower _1 beds, Sce.. from frost and blight, 35 square yards for Is. Sent any width on approval. CArriage paid on all orders over 58.—H. J. GASSON, fish merchant Rye, Sussex.

DHOTOGRAPHY made easy, i'4llustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house In the trade ; goods bought and excIianged.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxf,od-strcet, Manchester (All Saints).

F 0 UN D, way to make One Pound go es farad Three. The most onderful Stock of Gentlemen's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. nt's Dress Suits on tire. 3s. to ss. per day.—}iLwoon, IS, London-road. Liverpool. TOLIN LOWB, Fire and Thief-prooi SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

DRESS SUITS, Vs. excellent Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, Ms. and 12s. Suits on hire. from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—Exwoon 164. London-road, Liverpool.

T 11U, Coffee, and Grocery BUSINeSs for bliapobal, in good JL Cheshire town ;been in present hands 23 years. Pro- visions could be added with advantage. Low rent, and plenty of accommodation. A good opportunity for two young men. —For particulars address S. M., EXaStlitt:R OFFIQK Warrington.

cIEIN and Sc`ORBUTIC DISEASES Such as ECZEMA, 0 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."-- Has cured cases of long standing af er medical rren have failgq, per Box 9tcl By Post Is. From E. ENGLAND, Lis- card, Liveroal,

UISH FISH f Ffsfft Direct from Grimsby. A bass of T freak selected Fish will be sent. carriage paid, to any address, on receipt of P.O. for 28.6 d., 3s. and ss. N.B.— Fri the quality guaranteed; fishmongers and fish-fryers supplied, headless haddocks and codlings a speciality, write for price.—H. PATCHI.LL, Fish Merchant, Grirnsby Docks, Grimsby.

ROSES, &c.—Good strong young trees, named varieties, from 4s. 6d. to 6s. per dozen; Carnations, choice varieties, hardy garden plants in great Yin iety. strong privet for hedges, 6s. 100; forest trees, Rhododendrons, &a. ; decora- tive plants, ,Sce., cut flowers lic., at wholesale prices. Catalogue of GEORGE ANDREWS, Padgate Nurseries,Warring- ton ; five minutes from Cemetery.

BELFORD'S "TURPINA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA, SWOLLEN LIMBS. or any. similar ailments, send for a bottle of my" Turpina," it will speedily and radically cure you. Instant relief after first application. Splendid testi- monials. In bottles at Is. lid_ 25.9 d., and 45. 6d. each, or post free 3d. extra, in 1'.0.0. or stamps.—JAMES BEL- FORD, 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON, W.

"[TILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said .11. by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. flundreds of testimonials from farmers and othe”s. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2.1., is 64.,25. 6d.,55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide I/ Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 188—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneer( d and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every descriptien. oleogmphs, An. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 Pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL. 17 and 18. Great bt, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." Loudon. Stock Lists and prices oh glass monthly,free.

FURNISH AT woßnErs. "THE PANTHEON." GAYTHORN, MANCIIESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. F URNITURE BY LAIiIB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE. AND SHOOLBRED

SPBCIAL NOTICE. —WORSLEY'S BUY, SELL, or EX- CHANGE FURNITURE to any ambqnt; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture. go to Worsley's. There is more genuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put together. If you wish to Exetiange your Furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably dealt with.

UT BBKLY CHAT.—Subject Second-hand Furniture.— V V The opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- wife to put her house in order, therefore the matter of furni- shing must be well discussed. We cannot, therefore, do better than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- ciding where and what to purchase. This visit cannot po- sibly but prove remunerative, if only in experience. "The Pantheon ' being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close to the Central Station. having a frontage of nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled from floor to ceiling (six storeys) with the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World. This is not an exaggeration, but can be verified by ocular demonstration if you pay a visit to Manchester. Buttes of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall, Lamb, Ogden, ac., original cost floin £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £5O to £7O, for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Worsley's is the place as described.

• 'FO COUNTRY BUYERS.—The enormous patronage En- joyed by Worsley's from customers all over Lancashire, Yorksh're, Cheshire, The Potteries. all over the North, The Midia ids, and Wales, will prove how mach is the saving effected by purchasing at Worsley's. In future carriage will be paid on all orders over £2O to any part of England and Wales. It is only fair to say that better value could not be obtained than Worshsy's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what distance you live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per cent.

lAsJTloN.—Be*are of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- niture, no matter how low the price is— it is dear at any price. Worsley's have second-hand reliable furniture by good makers, which will last for ages. There is no disputing the fact that high-class second-hand fin niture is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the article is old- fashioned. This is easily remedied at Worsley's, they haying over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising second-hand fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevel:ed. and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering, grub eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture is not troubled with these complaints. They give a written warranty for 10 years with all furnishhing orders.

krEW FURNITURB.—AII Wornley's new furniture is the,r Al own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-hand, Woreley's have, there- fore, erected a Cabinet Works in City-road, with an immense stock of setroned timber for the production of reliable furni- ture. livery item in the Bedding Department is new, guaran- teed pure, under minute inspection.

riOIifFLBTF, FURNISHING ORDERS.---Woreley's cater X..) specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimates free. anl believe in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratio of profit than single articles.

GREAT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. HOUSE OF FURNITURE FOR £2O. A capital House oi Furniture is now on view, late the property of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss Side. Manchester, contains complete furniture for sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rcoms, ball, stairs, landing, ac. Full particulars post free.— W ORSLEY'S.

HaUSES OF FURNITURE (SECOND HAND). £lO, £2O, £3O £4O, £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture in stock have been considerably reduced, complete lists of which will be sent on application post free. All guaranteed for five years.

lIMPORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised beow are priced at the lowest possible figure, for prompt cash; if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent must be added.

THE GREATEST BARGAINS IN TRU WORLD. COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid Rouse Of Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot In this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in has relief ; has comfortable couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to match, extends to dine 40, with incised early English legs on patent castors; a handsome Persian bordered carpet and rug to match, solid braes bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting iam lace Curtains ; and last, whish is thrown in gratis, and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adve - tisement, a handsome American walnut sideboard, in the R-naissance style, to match the dining-roome suite. The Bedroom Suite is solid Cyprus wood and is a suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much ai we ask for the who‘e of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and ems,/ elled bedstead, with complete fittings of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets. curtains, fender, chamber ware, /kn. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, ashoan. and top bar, floorcloth or kitchen, landing. and hall. I will pick and deliver the lot for 21t, guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferred payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, if you don't there is no harm done.—WORSLBY'S.

ADISASTROUS UNHAPPY MARRIAGE.—WORSLBY offers a grand opportunity •in a complete House ot Furniture, just purchased in consequence of a disastrous marriage resulting in separation. The whole of the furniture was made to order, and is In splendid condition. Briefly described it consists of a fine sett of Dining-room urniture, having a. mewl, ficent sideboard, modern in style, handsomely carved in bits relief; a suite of couch, two easy chairs and six paddcet hack single chairs upholstered id morocco, a massive dining t .ble, telescopic extension, a substantial overmantel to match, and accord cabinet, the whole being in brown oak ; also solid brass fender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale Furniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a seitee, two elegant easy chairs and several occas- ional chairs a match overmantel, three occasional tables, coal cabinet and a massive solid brass fender. dogs, and fire- brasses. The Best Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled olate-glass centre door,dressing table, washstand, table de nuit, three chairs and towel airer, a massive brass and enamelled Persian. bedst• ad, with spring and new hair mattresses ; besides sundries. The Second Bed- room consists just the same articles, but is furnished in American walnut. The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Kitchen contains the usual requisites. The whole forme a compact, substantial, handsome house of furniture, space preventing anything like an adequate des- iption. The price for the lot is £122 10s. A full list, con- taining every item, will. be sent post free. The lot will he inored tree until required upon payment of 5 p r cent deposit. Delivered free.—WORBLBY'S, Gaythorn.

C.._ OMPLUTIS HOL.lgif for £250. . This is a special bargsin, but would take too much space to d scribe. IL is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, and three bed rooms, servants' , mirpets, oil- cloths, linoleums ; in fact, rooms, sitting-room, kitchen enry requi.ite, Tull particulars on applicatiop,—W9,YsLlM, . ba.11:11Illitut 0, ac. .. . . . . _

' -VIER! FACIAS. 1: A Tilt of Fieri Facia') has been the means of Worsley's teCuring Ile whale of the furniture of a 13olton gentleman, and is now on view at IVorsley's at an enormo,s sacrifice. Prices are quoted separately for each room. If sold in one lot 10 per cent, will be dedu..ted, but any single article may be pur, haled . Every article guaranieed for 10 years; delivered carriage paid.—lnspectlon invited. UT: Dining Room is handsomely furnished In pollard oak, contaMs a massive suite, richly carved, upholstered in the most expensive English morocco leather, stuffed in hair; magnificent sft. 61n. adeboard, the most te,utifully marked and figured word in Ragland ; a grand 12f1. dining table, heavy carved legs ; a spice did heavy overmantel to match, also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and produced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly £430; our prize £137. A wonderful birgain.

The Drawing is a charming picture of good taste, being en- tirely Chippendaie, coatains, briefly, an elegant Sit. cabinet, all carved and perforated in Egyptian pediments. fitted with bri'llant plate-glass panels ; a recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 6 fit casional chairs ' all various designs, opholsterei in silk Genoa as desired, selectio, ci tints sulsmitted, the whole having been repaireA for re-covering ; a very beautiful over- mantel end a set of three occasional tables complete; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth £250. The Breakfast Boom is furnished In American walnut and would be acceptable in any dining room, has a 6tt. sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved in has clef ; Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle bag., the couch an easy chairs are large and comfortably luxurious ; good heavy Dining Table, Overmantel„ and Coal Cabinet, complete; the lot for which theridiculously low price or £32 10.. will secure a great bargain. The Bedrooms, four in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The best bedroom Suite is one of the nandsomest in Manchester, made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in remarkably handsome satinwood; cost £250. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the lot. The suite consists or the {Vat d- robe at., diesslng table sft., washstand Wt., pedestal cup- board, chairs end rail ; our price tor quick sale £65. Magni- ficent solid braes Persian Bedstead, 'fift. wide with sprint matttess, thick hair mattress ; Silk Plush .and Cretonne Dra- pery ; the lot for £2O, worth £6O. ' • - • • The Second Bedroom contains an extraordinary Pollard Oak Bedroom Suite, by Shepperton, full su.te as the best room ' • Wardrobe 6f t., and is honestly worth £75 ; our pace £35. The brass Persian bedstead, similar to tne best moons I and completely fitted, will be sold for 212 10s. The Third Be iroom contains a splenoid Amerioin Walnut Bedroom Suite for 20 guineas,• exquisitely carved, full of beauty. end is »grand bargain. Brass bedstead complete as described above ill the best room for £9 9s. The Fourth Bedroom cOntains a Suite in American Ash. a full, complete suite for 10 guineas ; also a hr se Persian bed- stead complete for £6 108. The furniture as described above is on view, and will be packed and delivers t free, stored until required. and a written warranty with everything for 10 years.

/AFFI E FURNITURE BARGAINS. American Roll-top Desks in great variety,from £6 103. Flat-top Office Desks, from 305.; Pedestal, negistered, and Cylinder Desks, from go 101. All to be cleared during the Jidart.h Sale ; wonderful tarrtains. Add 10 per cent, to everything if on deferred payments.

MATRIMONY.— The well-endowed, midd!e-aged Widow of a wealthy but for many years invalid Manufacturer, seeks a suitable second marriage. Advertiser has had but few social opportunities. Clever, Christian, business gentle- man preferred.— Address Mrs. OUR, 83, Grosvenor-street, London, W.

TN STOCK Hydraulic Presses, Rams from 4 to 14 inches, Pumps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, etc.—WILLIAM KNOTT, Fairfield street, Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED bate Ormerod, Orierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, avid all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha el more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIES, CE., & SON, F./.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT ASBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PAOBINGs, SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABBSTOLINE, Can only be obtaineal Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the Northern Counties : F. R. P U T Z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CUR:PHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses : " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS,

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars cn application.

TUCK AND V/0., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & rum/ ASBESTOS GOODS LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

THE ECONOMIC BANK (LB.) 5n OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, B.C. Accounts opened with sums of El and upwards. 2+ PER CENT. interest !allowed on deposits from date of d.Tosit, repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. on minimum quarterly balance of current accounts, Cheques can be drawn for sums under £l. All funds invested in first-class z ealisable securities, No loans, discounts, or overdrafts No charge for keeni^g accounts. Particulars free, SAMITET GITRNEY MASSEY, Managing Trustee.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM

SAVES tJ ,td-1 PER CENT. IN GAS. AJ THE MOsf PRRFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EICIHTH THE COST. SIX VALID REASONS For its Adoption. 1. It stives half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. It cm be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. The lighis clean, cool, steady, and brilliant. 5. It does away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple, and economical. • Extract from the Report of Prof. CARLTON LAMBERT, M.A., F.R.A.S. "The • Weisbach Light' is nearly seven times as effhient in minating effect as ordinary gas burners. and more than four times as efficient as an • Argand.' Professor' MAX !MULL ER Writea 7. Norham Oar,lena, Oxford, February.,lo, i 894. "Professor Max Muller has much pleasure In stat- ince that he finds one Incand scent Burner gives enough light in his library, where he formerly re- ed three burners. and If the pressure of gas was lowa lamp as well. Lillis drawing-room two burners give a splendid light. He hes also an Incandescent Burner in the hall, which is most satisfactory. His gas bill last que.rter, with these four burners in use, was £1 Is. less than the same quarter last year, though the price of gas is higher." FOR PRIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS, HOTELS, OFFICES. and PUBLIC BUILDINGS. Prices and full futrticulars on application to the following Agents . WARRINGTON : CALDWELL% LIMITED, 60, Horsemarket-street. EARLESTOWN Mrs. E. NEEDHAM, ST. 14 ELENS : R. G. SHOOK, Wolverhampton House. RUNCORN: - H. BRANCH, 109, Greenway-road. WIDNES, H. BRANCH. Central Hotel.

CIGARS I CIGARS! CIGARS. THE BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. DARNEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from thla New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than ttavana or Mexican. I am now in a pod ion to offer them at the egceedingly low price of 188. per 100 or samples can be had at 5 tor !s. THE SMOKETHES, 53, HORSEMARKET-ST., AND YE OLD FOX INN, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. J. BIOS WIOK, Proprietor.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, Prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NE,,VOITS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA. HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE have no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stotnach, Liver anti Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the propiietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. Bi post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY, DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES, AT 37 BRIDGE STREET, W ARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

TE EXAMINER SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1895.

BOVRIL FOR INFLUENZA. BOVRIL Which is extract of meat with all the NUTRITIVE constituents of meat subsequently added, and all superfluous and NON-NUT RIT WE constituents Carefully eliminated, is 50 TIMES MORE NOURISH- ING THAN ANY MEA.T EXTRACT or HOME- BEEF TEA, consequently for the thorough arkl iirunediate nutrition of the system which is of Irst importance for avoiding INFLUENZA Or throw hag off its ill effects. BOVRIL Is absolutely Unrivalled. "

STI JACOBS OIL. Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffness! Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1i and 2/6. CONQUERS PAINE —4

CONCREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR sBa6.) This splendid medicine should be in every household. On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen out of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN. FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarming disease. Rev. F. E. Huai% of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve, says: "You, ussdicins alwap puts my lays ritht, and drove AN the terrible INFLUENZA last May. In CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and Bronchial Affections Persevere with this medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the a6d, ASTII MA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— ONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case of LADY G. BROMLEY(No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it isinvaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and as a PREVENTATIVE Or COLD DO speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at is. a%cl., is. pd., ss. 6d., and family bottles at ITS. and Mt.

• ESrABLI3HD 1851 BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Loucio,.:. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST nitowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTs, ou minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £10.:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcuased and BAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sure deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed BIRKBECR BUILDING SOCIETY How TO PURCHASE A HOUSE Fllt TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post frt FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to file.% NEW CATALOGUE.

FATNESS (.4. PA Is PEOPLE MADE THIN. , r.CAMERON'S 'OBESITINE PILLS are a safe and ple,sant cure ; sent free from observation on re •eint. of P.O. for 2s. 6. A marvellous means of reducing excessive fat and imprwing the complexion. "—E, CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street London.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! N GS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Nagsions, Villas &c. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS,IWIRE WORK, 400zpinicra T—T T.T BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints ,uONDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE WILL NoT /7:1,1 0T F F CIN'S FINGER 4,42 A $.4) • MARK. `"' FUEINTLIRE OftEAM. • • „ _ •••••::: - • Bold by Chemists Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STiPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weaknesi, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Btck, Diseases, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), eontAining full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A. splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervoui and deb Mated. —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield, Established 1830. Aclvice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the case Can be obtained direct.

swam aoLo iamit RARRISOI 'l' KNITTER ---1* KNITS Eithekings ribbed erplain GLOVES and CLOTHING in WOOL, BILK, or COTTON. INSTRUC. TION 3 FREE. LLts free per post. _ TII/UMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER In the WORLD of 7 GOLD MEDALS and I9other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Works; 48, Upper Brook Bt., ilsnebeeter.

Joni 1 2ADIES I THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in removing the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extrao•cllnary preparation, which is almost instantane- ous in Its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense. illness. Worry,and erne' bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent swore from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BAR- INOTON, 4. Featherstone-buildings, London. W.C.

RULES FOR STARCHING. A. most valuable little book for those Who eo their Starching at home. Post free for two stamps. CHANCELLOR 86 Co., LONDON, E.G. FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. ........................................... I STOVE I FISING SUN POLISH. ~,r• EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST, & :I, BEST BLACKLEAO T'XE. WORLD. 4 • . , ET .2 In Half the Time, with Half the 0 N rs_ Labour, you can produce More ~.,•;•-• Polish with Two Penny Packets 2 1 of Rising San than with Half- t 1 Cy mem Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. um g 2 RisiN,su 5 ri POLISH. ---e, GIVES TOALL KINDSOF METALS A BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANT POLISH. ti . Sold in 3d., ed. & If- Bottles. No Mixing, t' No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 0 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. 'll 0 tf -There is no preparation of we know to equal fa .8 its excellenee."—Enti IRE NV ITHIN.-3d. per box. .:" :1 la m A pip c DOUBLE 4 '7l inU IN ‘..) STARCH rer" IS CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORPONS e GLOSS, BORAX GUM WAX. &(. & c " -0. le- REQUIRES no addition or preparation. r, 2 SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. ....- PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. 0,.. Ask your Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR A Co., LONDON, E.C. • HIN'l 8 FOR HOUSNW IVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hint, Boat free one stamp. F. F. FRY, 58, Belleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON. S.W.

rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS To! Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove al obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes IS. 11d. and 2s, 94. of all chemist sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamta by the maker, It T. Tow LE, Chemist, Nottingham.

lOW These tiny CAPSULES . are superior to Balsam of Conaiba, Cubeha or SAN Tiqz Injections and Cure in 48 hours the same diseases without incon- 'sentence. 4/6 of all Che- : I D mists. Or post free. • WILCOX a Co., MMMOBTO.OMNON

ONE BOX OF CLARKE& B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. La either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Paint, In the back. Gnaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINO ,LN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRIP= COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & Soy London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

TillS RAZOR is made from the hest • Sheffield STEEL and ground by Shefff,.,l work net. It is waria ted and if not approved when trio I will be exchanged. To be had of any respect able Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE In Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle In a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle In a flat Case 13/6. Or post tree from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 0. and Cheques, SLATER Rao., Sheffield.

1111M11111111111111111=11 NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS have a reputation of nearly too YEARS as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Remedy for • INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, ' sICIC BILIOUSNESS, , l. HEADACHE, and LIVED. COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. Slo- TeNl Mild In Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Bold In Bottles at Sr. I'd., O. at., and Ils. each, by all medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask tor Norton's oanaomnr. Pals," sad do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. Prepared by Ncurrox's LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, Ls

• ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAV I MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Con tagious Diseases of a certain class. (internal and external), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mistnr 2s. 94. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (late MFthuen).332, Deansgate, Manchester. Advice free,

aTOWTHE BLOOD IS THE LIFE" a • WORLD-FAMED (BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have ' received great benefit from the use g Clarke 's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Thraito Doctor, which goes on further to say: It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence ;recommend it Li our subscribers and the public generally " Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Aczema, skin said Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ,re marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Paine, for it removes the cave^ froze the blood and hones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9rl, and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 at amps by Pro- prietors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthiesl Imitations.

ImANQ, 'iBOTTLES lilt 2/914f- . - • • 05 , JARS iifrk 22f • /Minates pain ..,... • k :,..•• 4.•.„ v.,. •L MBROCATIONe, 'lilt', \ . ' • „ 10 ji illi 1 al .... (111 N„ltitii, 71';' .7'irpared on Y .4y 1 - ii: \ , ... t I/144 I ?II ii I ' iil •.1 iji -•\ . '..1, • , (1. C. C/ 1' 1 • % 1. I ` ets.\j/I •.. s ELLBLiaristonsire, ht,.N.vi ) ~.. : I . b-i it' •- •• ...\l. 0-7,;!.±fizi. N 1,70.7 . •,, \e. .7,n \ 1 i.-)\1 2-,?.vii_r_i_vo . 40. f,F \ ofi fi-).1 il. • 1 , \\ I'.: k. d •__,e... ,_,!,........: ' /.." , 61\ \\ ' ...r I, ti,„,, ', • Olft ( ~' , . •-••-•;'. 4 • “' . :T— '.::".' N ''• j i ••:.,,'.o' •,% .4: \\ \7 i 1 ///\ N', .4 ' , P' ll' \ C• /4'' _.......‘ ~ .. • • 1•_ i, \ ji ei, - --, - '.• "" I-- 1-7-g.„ ---4.1:-.., '---/ , -,-(''': .4.70.12,07. ./ N, .-',•:,,, • -L---/-- ..-.. -1, \ .7,7,- . - , 0,7„ A ~.„, . ~„,. • \ ~... 1 ........ " • ~."•-,>,-., -N. '',... , \\` ~ -4)%._ ”"." . . . ~..- ---_--- ___-- -;,,f; ... k / • \.. ...72,... _...... ~., ~1,

tretiman SOOTHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY IEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

, '". - . " • It is a THIN PLASTER and NO a , „, ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is especialiy useful for REDUettiG ENLARGED TOE .JOINTS, which Sc spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy-. ge..surt,on.. A trial of a box Is earnestly solleltad It acts like magic' in a, in.,m„d ~, t. rallof Is 11111416 relieving all Pain and Throbbing, and soon cures the most obsti- nate Corns Sr Bunions. , . ~,%.?.• ~.::,.,f;,;::,_ •,,;',:,,,; .', .' .:',, . Is the BEST I:ZIEIVEMEVY elarexi clisco-sroveci: PrAfgorlt4;rtoapnirrestofrrsoin, h 1 . BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM Boxes, is. 10., . of all Chemists.

77k i!- I -.,ri i, 127 , , ~, ,c :,,. . s ..A. . , . PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bce. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

A GOOD FA)ILY AEDIC:HE CYIEST3 W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a lire; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but • COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. C K E 3 S FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTI", /Lious OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PI LALSR For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGES.TIONT, &c.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen, IRISHLINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/1I per dozer; mafle special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Patinas, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/1.1 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, ngth, Durability, 3 and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Wear. IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE; IRELAND.

DR. MACK tir iII tIIVELGOLTi F @AMA REM EDY VI ADA II E FR A I N'S FAMOUS FENIALK FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRRECIULAEI- MIXT LITE. 1: TIM stand'. unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- The most laiwerfill and effective on earth. For the most le.s case vie'd to this extra -Hoary Yied'Cille in six hours obstinate cases. Will not Injure the most dAlcate. Price . , • ' • 7s 64 (Strongest 11. bottle). Post free tel extra. iln 11,131. sale throughout th warld. Thousands of sufferers HRR RAL I KSTI lUD, Is, HACKNEY-ROAD, cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with lull Instructions and (teeing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, NN. Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and for s'• 64. proofs. I will forfeit £.lOO for every testimonial that is not DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. genuine, rtnd they can he seen at any time. " ' Boivare of Dishonest Imitators.

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. 1„ • 4-4 h. • WASHES EVERYTHING.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT hO34-E* TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES' MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NI3IIB/18. KNYPE RSLEIC HOUSE. PARK-ROAD What I these oiled hands are mused by washings, At I am surprised, get MATCHLESS CLEANSER SC) once, I pray.

- 0 WEN'S GREAT SALE , I OF MANUFACTURER'S STOCK OF BASSINETT ES AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN MAIL CAll'°' THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS• OWEN'S EMPORIUM, 80, DEANSGATE, MAN'- a---.

a I k til F 0 R FIRST-CLASS PRIT't 0 l 4 I. D' . E NTISTR Y. li TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but MO be q I arranged. 8, TEETH. t, All consultations free. &ft l'2f TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the „ work required ?TEETH. -I- Gold and other fillings at moderabe TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendent° is TEETH, Painless Extraction as hitherto 11 tbe'l of Nitrate Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 01°130 ' weekly. Exers. of the late J. H. PARKINsos. (DENTIST or EXAYL) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STRgSr tt (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CITURCH-STROT. S ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at . \ ~,031-6f WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, II RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Bnrows-61' _,, g 01-P NORT lIWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, ArrrAtraa 4 MARRIAGE. 1 WA ---- ~., nrob, N DROWN—IsHERWOOD.—AoriI 6th, at the Parish -13010 rington. by. the Rev. U. B. Thurston, Thomas 1 Ellen Isherwood. 41 ; DEATHS. , 011,01 36 DROMPTON.--Frederick Crompton, aged niorterfe4" iti , residence, 63, Knutsford-road, Warrington. „ RoWlvaLrEryin.—April priCemetery,l4th 30 , at 2.llo.wStu i eayunr daoy • 4., 014'165 rrlise' ll , INow'eY. aged 20 months. L 151 . AWRSOL—ApriI sth, at Kerfoot-:raererti,"3: ti )30 Maria Lawrinson. aged 61 .-gt yeare • r 4,, OIL ie ; DALEN.—AprII sth, at Glasshous-equare,War 130° L Daley, aged 12 months. HUNT.—April 7th, at Canterbury-street, won, 4 warr „e CIO" ' S L HAREA—ApriI 9th, at School-brow. , V. Hunt, aged 10 months. Warrinon, OancY Sharyan, aged 3 years tt ASEIToN.—Arr ,il 10th at Garden-roW, Wartingt°l3 ' _-, , Ashton, aged 75 years. ________.•--- gt ' ...,

Just received a ....____ M ElaMrgOeßsltAooLk ofCmATIZ 4/,./.130120.11if, MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect earniNe",;, P , t,. printed at shortest notice. Also Posters. Wirl"(0 d )3t ''''{ sa qandbills, 13ill Heads, &e. Newest tyPe Machinery. JOHN Se Gri REEN' --, THE BOROUGH 34, BRIDGE-STRIIKT, WARRING
