===== 0002601_18950810_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
RIM 'STRUM TOE

T R

'AU.LIAM n.INTARY DIVIIuN.

S- SALE 10CliTAKINU

RUMNEY AND CO., -'INETSIAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS,

NOW PROCEEDING.

AND lit, BOLD STREET,

LIVERP'ML.

loNQ PROM 15 TO 30 PER CENT.

4111)Eirs MADE AND LAID FRE' DURING SALE.

it;gfa-nd.

Publfrationci.

'4bDCTti

r -

===== 0002601_18950810_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ON AUGUST 24TH.

Price 2d.

WORSLEY HALL

(The seat of the Earl of Ellesmere) AND ITS GARDENS WILL BE FULLY ILLUSTRATED IN A SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT TO TUE GARDENERS' MAGAZINE Of AUGUST 24TH. The ILLUSTRATIONS will Include : A DOUBLE PAGE PLATE OF THE MANSION. Portrait of the Earl of Ellesmere. Views of the Old Hall. The Lake, with Islands and Rustic Bridges. Avenue of Lime Trees • The Flower Garden. The Terrace. The Gardeners House.

OFY/Cl-73-4, AVE MARIA LANE, LONDON, B.C.

Lt V d.

URGER

. _ 3d. 6d. 1.3. LARGER I_ INS .

;-

„ _

===== 0002601_18950810_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shelliel4 and Blectro Plate, Antiques, DentniGold, &a. Letters attended to. 0. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
19 46 TT EATINGW POWDER.

99 "KHATI NG'S POWDER.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
9,1 6 . WANING'S POWD ft R.

99 Lf IV EATING'S PO WD BR,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL " , 41,411. MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERP OOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WZDNESDAY.

Cotton not carried on-Passenger ..*Aeatiters. GERMANIC Wed.. Aug. 14. *TB TONIC Wed., Aug. 21. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus', Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid N'essels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply tO 1)1111E, and Co., 34, loadenhatl-street, London, 8.0., and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

:

' '

===== 0002601_18950810_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INS.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPARTMENT.

EVANS,

17, S ANKEY-STREET.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A DELAI DE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORE, E OS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 66-E1 IrHE EXAMINEE" OFFICE,

WARRINGTON. .By any of the above-mentioned or any ether lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENTS

===== 0002601_18950810_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
`2xl:

===== 0002601_18950810_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ERY

===== 0002601_18950810_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
AMANCHESTER •GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE, SUMS OF £lO to £l.OOO, to respectable tersons, on the Borrowtrs' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties I Also on Deeds

~ Delay. „ Law poste. „ Publicity.

„ Life Pollees Repayments. &C. by easy At 5 per cent. Instalments

Capital can remain at interest. This Ofice is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from

J. CAMPBELL, Esq. ,Mancnester Chambers 46a, Mbrket-st., Manchester.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PENNY

===== 0002601_18950810_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gtantp.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
AT POPULAR PRICES.

~usrter, 6s. 6d. per Anuma.

per Quarter

CAPITAL

LABOI

CLOTH ING

STOR.

24, BRIDGE-STIZEET,

QUALITY, STYLE AND FIT

GUARANTEED.

SUITSZrO MEASURE FROM 33/11-

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAM SON 'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WAERINGTON, PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL,

(Late Nag's Head),

WARRINGTON. RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, , BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCHWEPP'S, BASS', GUINNES', AND T. JAMESON'S.

FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND

STABLING. CYCLIST AND PIL-'IC PARTIES PROVIDED FOR,

S. STIRRUP, PROPRIETOR.

RICHARD BREMERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF. MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORE, Always on hand, from 50. to 80. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING Di POT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMA.RRET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT SPRING SHOW.

Having completed their enormous preparations for the sea son. the M.C.D. beg to call attention to their leading line and Specialties, comprising a Lula variety of New !distori.. and an assortment of STYLES NEVER BEFORE PRODUCED.

The M.C.D. Invite inspection of their High-Class Goods in VICUNAS,

HOM ESPUNS,

SE ROES,

WORSTEDSt

CHEVIOTS, BARRIS TWEEDS, SAXONIES. VENETIANS,

COVERT COATINGS In large and extremely choie.e Ranges, the most Fashion , able Designs, Weayes,Mixtures, B ends, and Colourings.

MEN'S SUITS 18/6 MIDIS SUITS MEN'S SUITS 25, / MEN'S SUITS MEN'S SUITS 31/6 MEN'S SUITS Latest Pntterns ia Scot..: If, trisli,West of Englanand York shire Goods.

Plain, Check and Fancy Vicunas, Serge, and Worsteds. Stylish Tweed Overchecks, StripeJ, Fancies. Mixtures. The latest productions ix Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings. MEN'S TROUSERS 6/6 MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 8/11 MEN'S TROUSERS, . MEN'S TROUSERS 10/6 MEN'S TROUSERS.

1

tio

.... 1 , i i g ' I •.,i i ql, A Y • , ,I ~'.'. . , . . , , 4 j ;... . - • • :, .;; ~. ,• ~ ' -;..;." 4 ; - , " : - ~•• ; ~ , • ~ . i ,! ' - , ' . i. t , 1 1 ' , , , i i , , \ , • ' ' , ? ro: ~.., . •.: z •,,, • • •:4, . is Itt .4.. , .....„,, k • ~,. • ~,.... . . • -,77- --x-d - ~---i•-.;.---r -,...:,:-- ~,,4 ~. -- - ........ _ _

===== 0002601_18950810_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M.O.D. SHOW

-• OVERCOATINGS & kjOVERT COATINGS'. Solid Worsted Twi Is Fa cv Diagonals, Fine Venetians, and 6,lper 'twist Covert Comings ,n the newest Fashionable hbades.

WARRANTED ALL I% 00L, 18s. 6n. and 225. 6n., Lined through with Italian.

The MC.!).

YOUTES' DEPARTMENT Is extensively stocked with New Goods S Y EAS Y-FI rTING, YOUTHS' SUITS From Superior In cut. Trim- YOUTHS' SUITS 1 /a ming, and Wcrkman- YOUTHS' TUITS .1%1/ 1J ship. EVERY ATI-FACTION GUARANTEED.

THE BOYS' OEPARTMENT At THE M.O.D. Ist Marvel For

NOVELTY,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTC:t.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING

===== 0002601_18950810_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
TASTB,

DESIGN. The Variety of Sty lets in Juvenile Clothing has never been so extensive as in the present r•eason, and the Proprietors have SPARED NO PA ltis to make this Department Second to None in the Town. BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS from 2s lID. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS from 2s. 11D. BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS from 7s. 6D. BOYS' RUGBY UITS from 8s 6D. BOYs' REEFER SUITS from Bs. 6D. BOYS' ETON SUITS from 17s. 6D.

BOYS' COVERT COATS, very Stylish from 10s. GD.

All the M.C.D. Clothing is ram-loon TRIM OWN PRI?, M ISRb under Peremeal Superylebion, and guaranteed heliable, in every respect.

The M.O.D. ORDER DEPARTMENT Contains a fielectlon of the C'.oicest, Cinod• nrodueest throughout the Lngdo MEN'S SUITS 295. 6D., TO M EASCRE. MEN'S COATS AND VESTS 225. 6D., TO MCASCIAM_ MEN'S 't RoUSERS 88 6D., TO MEMURE. MEN'S COVERT COATS AND sUMMEit cnEti

TRFDLU 21s, TO MEASURE.

PRACTICAL CUTTING AND FIRST-CLASS w ORIKMANS RIP.

FIT GUARANTEED.

THIS

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND, CLOTH IN G. _DEPOT.

8, AND 10

HMEMARKET STREET. WAVRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"Mir dear friends," said the nervous clergy- man, "Jacob sold his birthright for a pot of mes- sage." "An," said the old lady, illustrating moral depravity, "I have seen little children that could neither walk nor talk, run about the streets blaspheming." BANKER (finding a burglar in his office) : "Thieves ! Help! Help!" Burglar: "You'd better stop that row, man, else I'll tell everybody I found nothing in your safe." ANDERSON: My memory is getting weaker and weaker every day.' Biggs: "I can give you a remedy." " What is it 1" " Lend me a sovereign."

" Sarißrs is perfectly foolish about the safety of his baby, isn't he?" "Why -do you think so?" "Well, every time the nurse takes the baby out for an airing there's a policeman with her." A FEARFUL SUGGESTION.—Fred (to chum): "I

dreamt about you last night, Bob Bob: i hope it was pleasant." Fred: "Oh, yes ! very pleasant while it lasted. I dreamt that you paid the £lO you owed me." THE YOUNG LADIES' PROGRESS. Feeding- bottles corals pink bows—pinafores—dolls— scholasticfriendships—juvenile parties—false hair j e well ery ball s —parties—bazaars—concerts— Eirtatiou 3—engagemen t— quarrels reconciliation —matrimony. SETDKINS. who has been refused by eleven girls. says. he thinks of becoming a photographer, because he is so successful in producing negatives. "How do you like your new lady-help, Mrs. Todgers ?" "I should like her a good deal more, Mrs. Bodgers, if she was a little less the lady and a little more of a help." "AIN-T it time you paid me that five pounds you owe me?" asked a farmer of his neighbour. "Tain't due," was the reply. "But you promised to pay me when you got back from London." "Well, I hain't been there, he replied. "REMEMBER Lots wife I" reiterated the clergyman nine times over. "Remember Lot's wife, cried the exasperated parishioner, "why, its absolutely impossible for one ever to forget her.' • •

A VERY brave soldier had both his arms carried off in battle, after which his colonel offered him half-a-crown. "Colonel," said the soldier, "you

think I have lost a pair of gloves." MUTUAL RECRIMINATION. —COI& : "I hear you keep bad company." Jack (fiercely): "Tell me who said it, and I'll shoot 'em! I'd rather be slandered myself than to have one talk about you being bad, darling!" AMBIGITOUS.—The Fiancée: "I overheard Clara Murray saying that you do not wear your own hair. Tell me is it true ?' The Financee (indignantly) : "It's false 1" BACHELOR'S LOGIC.—" Why don't you get mar- ried ? " said X—to a friend of his. "Because, in the first place I detest women on principle; secondly and Chiefly, because marriage would interfere with my literary work." "What clam a work ? " "I am writing love stories." MAY: "Don't you think your landlady's little boy is an angel ?' Frank: "Not yet; but I have hopes!" JASPAR : "Did you ever catch an electric eel ? " Jumpuppe : "I am not sure. I had an experience with one once, but whether I caught him or he caught me I never could determine." A CERTAIN debating society is discussing the question as to which is the angrier—the husband who goes home and finds that dinner is not ready, or the wife who has dinner ready and whose hus- band does not come home. It is believed that the debate will end in a draw.

THE RULING PASSION.—Host (proudly) : "And this is a masterpiece of Rembrandt ? ' Visitor: "Great Scot, man! What is that unsightly hole in the corner? It spoils the whole picture." Host : " Well, you see, my wife is an autograph collector, and she wouldn't rest until she had cut the signature out and pasted it in her album." IT takes a while to get used to a woman's ways. When a young husband steals up behind his wife while she stands at her dressing-case and suddenly bends forward and prints an unexpected kiss on her lips, he gains the knowledge that a woman holds about 197 pins in her mouth when she is dressing. GUIDE: "In this castle, gentlemen, lived the Knight Dagobert and his beautiful wife. The knight's prowess was well—" Tourists: "Oh, do spare us a long-winded story. "Tell us the conclusion, and that will be enough." Guide : "All right. Here is the conclusion: And now, gentleman, as I have told you such a thrilling tale, I hope you will give me a trifle with which to drink your health."

PRACTICAL AUNT "Do you think you are qualified to become the wife of a poor man?" Sweet Girl: "On, yes, it's all fixod. We are to live in a cottage, and I know how to make cottage pudding." Wiocirss : "Let's go into this restaurant." Parrott: " Whew ! How can we lunch on such a day as this ?'' Wiggins : " Well, I propose simply to fan myself with the bill of fare IN A ROLE. —" I am having great difficulty in settling a bet." "What are the circumstances?" " I lost." A LitssoN.—Elsie "A fortune-teller has pre- dicted that Lucy will be married," Ethel : "That ought to be enough to cure her of superstition." TILE BEsr EVlDENCE.—Cobwigg,er : "Is it long since he bou_ht this suburban residence?" Merritt: "It can't be. He hasn't tri%l to sell it yet." LADY VERE "Oh, you will take me down to supper, won't you, Mr. Blinks : " (Delight of Mr. Blinks). Blinks: "But pray tell me, Lady Vero, why lam so honoured. Lady Vera: "Well, you are the only man my husband isn't likely to be jealous of." FIRST Yourna MAN (at seaside) : "I have met a good many amateur photographers, but I never saw one quite so devoted to the fad as you are." Second Young Man: "I never take photographs!" First Young Man: Ea? Then why do you carry that detective camera about with you all day, week in and week out ? " Second Young Man: "Because when the girls see me coming all the ugly ones run ~way, and all the pretty ones stay." How TO BECOME PERFECT. —Follow tne advice you give to others. A REGRETTED DEMISE. Dougal : "Hoots. Donal' ; have you heard about ta accident ? " Donal' : "No ; what is it?' Dougal : " McPher- son was drooned last nicht." Donal': "What a peety I ' (Sudden recollection searching his pockets), "But, gracious me man, he's away wi' ma knife!"

• isn't he an angel?" said the fond mother

, as she seated the little fellow in his high chair at the table for the first time. "A sort of destroying angel," remarked the cynical father, as he saw a costly decacter go spinaing to the floor with a wash. A SLIGHT DIFFERENCE.—" Donnerwetter, what a sight you are." "Just as I was leaving the house to come to the club, my wife pelted me with flowers." "But that doesn't account for your bruised and battered appearance.' " You see, she forget to take them out of the pots !" IF every man's cat was as big a nuisance as his neighbour's cat, there would'ut be a cat in the world. _ . .

A Goon EXCUSE. Customer (to Waiter): "How can you give me such a dirty serviette?" Waiter: "Beg your parden, air, it is only folded the wrong way! LADY: "Can you cook, war,h, and iron, and do chamber work ? " Bridget: "SI es, inil4,le." Lady: " Wel', I am willing to take you on trial." Bridget: "01 couldn't think of wurkin' fur ycz widout first lookin' at your recommindatious from the ladies what has been in your service." THE addresses of a young man having been declined by a you'll; lady, he paid court to her aister. "How much you resemble your sister," said he, the evening of the first call. "You have the same hair, the same forehead, and the same eyes—. "And the same noes she added, quiAly. He has stopped calling at that house. SHORT-SIGHTED gentleman chooses a pair of spectacles. "These glasses," be says "are not strong enough for me." "But, sir, they are No. 2." "What have you nest to No. 2?" "No. 1." "And after that?" "After No. I sir, you will Want a dog !" "Now my little girls and boys," said a teacher, "I want you to be very still—so still that you can bear a pin drop." In a moment all was sib-at, when a little boy shrieked out "Let her drop!"

===== 0002601_18950810_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LT,CoCK'S CORN EXTRACTOR.

" CAPITAL " CHAT

Mr. Keir Hardie has again explained his defeat at South-West Ham, and he is evidently sore about it, but anyone with eyes to see could detect that it was coming more than a year ago, and he was told so. The fact is that he was not, from any point of view, a satisfactory member. His attention was irregular, and for whole weeks he would be absent. away lecturing, and doing his literary work in railway carriages, whilst important divisions were taken or great matters were being discussed. No constituents were likely to pardon these peculi- arities when they were associated with wildness In other ways. He now threatens to stop his paper unless it is better supported. The "Labour Leader" is not alone in its difficuties. Every organ of the Socialists may be said to be in a chronic state of bankruptcy. I say this the more cot. fidently be- cause I have been behind the scenes and know that Socialist journalism is a kind of prison discipline, and half its venom is due to want of pay on the part of the writers.

Lord Rosebery's friends in London. who knew what an enormous amount of work he did in con- nection with the London Council, to the permanent injury of his health—for his insomnia began during the period of greatest stress—are very indignant with the description of him in the "Spectator" as "a butterfly Premier." He was anything but that, and noon° who knows him intimately would dream of so depicting him. But there is no doubt that the habit of joking and poking fun at opponents in after dinner speeches, and refraining from self- glorification does create on impression of levity and skimmingness, though it is seldom borne out by facts. In Lord Rosebery's case it certainly was not. He worked about fifteen hours a day when he was chief of the County Council, and he made others , work also.

Mr. John Morley, freed from the cares of office, , will now complete his half-finished biography of Chatham, long promised in the " Twelve English Statesmen" series. Be has another historical work in contemplation—nothing less than a history of Ireland during the establishment of the union. Be has studied most carefully a large collection of State papers, dating from 1795 to 1805, and consist- ing of letters from informers, petitions of con- demned prisoners of the '9B rebellion, and private communications from Irish magistrates and Gov- ernment officials. The new work will be founded on this material.

Now the Geographical Congress is over, a slight but interesting Franco-German incident that arose in connection with it may be mentioned. A river steamer which happened to be named Bismarck had been chartered to take the company down to the Geographical Cub dinner at Greenwich. It was made known on behalf of the French delegates,that if a boat called the Bismarck must carry the party, they must remain absent. Of course another steamer was obtained, the Duke of Cambridge be- ing the harmless name of it. "The Duke "offends nobody. Such childish forms does patriotism some- times take. On the very evening of its opening by the Duke of York, the Geographical Congress fur- nished another homily on the niceties of Eurcpean jealousy. Who was to acknowledge the Duke's wel- come on the part of the foreign delegates? If one were taken the other must be lef t,or if one were first the other must be second. But the difficulty was obviated by a happy notion. Ex-Chief Justice Daly, an American, representing a nation standing by it- self, moreover the oldest president of any geograp- hical society in Congress, was asked to acknow- ledge the welcome.

It is expected that before the year is out the Government will appoint a Poet Laureate. The difficulty of the late Government wa that the only name they could select was not acceptable. Lord Salisbury is not under any delicncy of this kind. and I have reason for saying that he will suggest a name to Her Majesty at en early date. He will not be a Tennyson or a Swinburne. but no one will be able to say of him that he is a 'prentice hand at " the rhyming trade."

The princely athlete known over here sometimes as "Mr. Ranjitsinhji," sometimes more familiarly ' as "Smith," is it seems,not content with the pride of place he has won In the hierarchy of cricket ; MS ambition soars to a seat in the House. It is not impossible that be may yet take a higher seat. sir. I.tanjitsinhji is,when he is at home, a Rnjput Prince of quite unmixed descent. Until he was sixteen or ,so he was the acknowledged heir to the purple at Jaranagar, says the "Realm." SCRIP family com- plications ensued, and Mr. Ranjitsinhji's adoptive father,the Jam of Jamnagar,adopted somebody else. The Prince came to England, and at Cambridge he developed into a first-class cricketer. Now,counter complications have arisen, and he may be called upon to go back and be Jam of Jamnagar, after all.

Mr. Chamberlain's announcement that the Liberal Unionist members of Parliament would henceforth receive the usual parliamentary circulars and whips not from himself, but from Mr. Balfour, has given rise to more talk in political centres than it really deserves. It by no means implies the absorption of he Liberal Unionist in the Conservative party,since all the registration machinery of the party outside the House remains separate and distinct. Among the moderate Liberals, as well as the Radicals, the notion is very prevalent that the di,eppenrance of the separate organization of the Liberal Unionists inside the Liouse was equivalent to fusion, hut any observant Liberal must have been very well aware that the relations of the two parties rpte not N et rip. for compete amalgamation, Whether the Unionist are ever likely to be again split up into their two original elements is a dllf,rent question, which must be left to time to solve ; but there is scarcely a Conservative or a Liberal to be found who does not believe that the day is not very remot- when the Liberal Unionist will cease to exist as a sub- stantial and recognisable party,

Mr. Michael Datitt was lecturing in Adelaide, the metropolis of South Australia. when the first inti- mation of an immediate General Election was re- ceived by cable. He imtnncliately telegraphed tn Mr. Justin McCarthy, who (-OW in reply :—"Need urgent: elections irtmediate." When the mail which has lust arrived in London was leaving Australia on June 26, Nfr. Dayitt's future movements were uncertain, as he thought he might he recalled to Ireland at any moment. In reply to the question, "Would you stand for a constittioney if yem reached home in time ?" Mr. Davit said, "My own views are opposed to my re-entry into the Nouse of Cm- mona. Short, as my parliamentary career has been I have had more than enough of it,as a residence in London for half the year entails ton big a sacrifice for a poor man from Ireland. However, if Mr. Mc- Carthy and the Irish party insist unon my re-entry, then, as a matter ot duty,l would find it extremely difficult to refuse."

The turnover at the elections has made it very awkward relative to the prosecution of Jahez Balfour. He must now be prosecuted by a Conser- vative law official. though the case was being care- fully got up by Sir Frank Lockwood at the time of the defeat of the late Governm.nt. Indeed, it looked stone time as if the present Government were delaying its legal appointments in order not to disturb the arrangements made for this trial. hut now the cases will not -!orrie on until the end of October any compromise of that kind would seem to be less likely.

It has been pleasint to note the sweet and grace- iul things said about the old man who spoke at Chester on Tuesday. The sunset of Mr. Gladstone's life does not give him mystical lore, but it gives tints and tones that harmonise with its past and foreshadow something like a canonization. Even the younger Conservatives have restrained their cynicism, and for once seem to have been able to fervently admire one of his orations. Ido not wish to analyse this change too curiously, hut it is one to be noted and enjoyed. It is the mood that will last and the building of altars has now tstken the place of the flinging of stones.

The great wheel at Earl's Court stands up over the bouses so prominently that it can be seen from many of the hills south of London,and it is a pretty sight when slowly revolving on a cle-ar night in its circle of lights. Seen from Richmond it is like a small Catherine wheel that has somewhat k.pent its force and bee been spinning from some lofty structure. The view from the wiles' of London it- self depends upon so many conditions of atmos- phere that it is seldom clear, but it.is always effec- tive, and in the blaze of early night it is intensely picturesque—ft kind of brok.n milky war.

A Corn ' ,4-t• it Combined (Patented), a wonderful improve rr rt. 71(1.P •tp• is Ala well-14n( wv Aileock's (ern Plater with a litt .1i e a ,ded that in n tee/ Oar exhorts Ito Corn, n, Ire lit t t,tp. applied ; for all pretv•nre of the tot tt t 1. D n't he put off w•to Ithy otht-r •ttt• non' • --"I •• e the immediate 4ondprt. Falco 70. 15.1 . box • "all h, mitts. Solo by

Everybody wonders how the Prarbon Pottery Comp“ny, Ilanley, can sell 100 pieces of crooqery for one guinea I.s). Get a post•card at once, and send for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes /sc. ac. Everybody pleasurably surprised. All for one guinea. If you wish to save money, write tothe PEARBO3 Porraiti Co., Hanley, for partictilars.-4dre

1 '• armaceutioal Ch Warringhm.

tst'.

'7';',•••'.',''. ',.',. '•:, f*4;`,'4.....•‘,.,,kal

Till? FKAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10. 1895. To remove paint spots from wood, cover them with GLENALPINE'S OATH- a thick coating of lime and 50d4. Leave on for 24 hours, and then wash off. OR, THE When putting pots, pans, and kettles away, the lids should never be put MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS. Otl, for they return the odour of cooking in the vessel. -- Hints : A cracked egg can be safely boiled if wrapped BY SYL YANTIS COBB, JR.. in a piece of greased paper. Potatoes do not stain the hands if peeled while quite dry, and not thrown into water till afterwards. When mixing mustard always put some salt in it, as it keeps it from beccming dis- coloured and from turning sour. A neat little device for preventing buttons from com- ing off is the following : Make a hole in the kid large enough for the eye of each button, then take a round shoe string and pass it through every button, fastening the string at each end. In this way the buttons will be kept in place as long as the shoe lasts. Coloured prints and muslins, likely to fade when washed, can be " set" with salt and water, and their pristine brightness never afterwards lost, no matter how hard the washing. This is especially true of blue, and mourning prints of white figures on a black ground so treated will be black to the end of the chapter. Crime is more common in single life than in married. In the former thirty-three in every one hundred thousand are guilty, while only eleven married men of the same number have gravely broken the laws. Sir Benjamm Richardson thinks that the normal period of human life is about one hundred and ten years and that seven out of ten people ought to live to that age if they took proper care of themselves. Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett has extraordinary notions about bringing up children. Hers have never been allowed to be corrected since they were born. Rowever much they may have outraged the traditions of good behaviour, sense of shame and the force of ex- ample were the only remedies permitted. It was RS much as a governess's or a servant's place was worth to forget this rule. - It would appear that Count Tolstoi has made a con- vert not merely to his views, but to his self-denying practice, in the person of a countess who has in her time been a lady-in-waiting at the Court of Berlin. Address- ing a gathering of working women in Copenhagen, the other day, she announced that she intended to sell her mansion near the Danish capital and devote the proceeds to the poor. She had live I, she said, in the palace of an Emperor and in the halts of fishermen, and she had be- come convinced that the poor man is generally happier than the millionaire.

Bleeding from the Nose. Bleeding from the nose is seldQm serious, and maV generally be controlled by the application of cold water. The patient should be kept upright,with his head thrown back and his hands raised above his head,with a sponge or some cotton wool over his nose to receive the blood ; but he should on no account be allowed to stand with his head bent down over a basin, which encourages the bleeding.

A Home-Made Cement.

A very convenient cement can be made out of onion juice by any one who wishes to use it. A good-sized Spanish onion, after being boiled for a short time, will yield, on being pressed, quite a large quantity of very adhesive fluid. This is used extensively in various trades for pasting paper on to tin, or zinc, or even glass, and the tenacity with which it holds would surprise any one on making the first attempt. It is a cheap and good mucilage, and answers as well as the more costly cements.

and had made out clearly that the crew of the pirate numbered over a hundred men—that they were armed to the teeth—and that the long brass gun was ready for action. His feet had just touched the deck on his return when a wreath of smoke was seen to curl up from the brig's deck, and in a moment more a round shot struck the water under the ship's quarter. Capt. Harlow called his men aft and addressed 'diem. He pointed to the pirate and bade them temember what must be their fate if they were overcome. Would they die like dogs, or would they die like men whom God had made brave and strong for the defence of life and right? There was but one response to the commander's appeal. It was plain to be seen that not a few of the crew were pale and agitated, and that their lips and their limbs quivered; but Sir Jasper knew, when he looked upon them, that these very men were those who might fight with the most fiery determination when the crack of musketry and the slash of steel had awakened the demon of battle within them.

Arthur Rainsford, who had buckled on his sword and secured his own double-barrelled jungle pistols —a pair that had belonged to his father—to his belt, stood by the taffrail watthing the brig, when he felt a hand upon his shoulder. He turned, and behold Sir Jasper Wallace who signified that he desired to speak with him in private. Arthur followed him to the rail of the main rigging, where they stopped. There was a sad and solemn look upon the old soldier's face, and his lip quivered when he spoke. "Mr. Rainsford, I have looked carefully into your face, and I think you are a brave, true man." "I trust I may prove a true man, sir, if not a brave one," returned Arthur, modestly. "And," pursued the General, with a change of tone which would seem to indicate that he was making a digression from tho main subject in view, "the more I see of you the more I am reminded of a brave and true man who was once my friend. Have you ever been in India ?" "I was born there, sir." "Born in India! Then it may be possible, after all, that you bear some relationship to Tom Rains- ford ?"

"My father, sir, was Colonel Tom Rainsford, who fell at Hajepoor." Sir Jasper reached forth and grasped the youth's hand quickly and eagerly. "Thank God that I have a son of Tom Rainsford to stand by me in this hour !" he ejaculated, fer- vently. "Your father served under me, Arthur, .snd was one of the truest and bravest among the true and the brave. Through many a field of blood Lave we striven together. Poor Tom! I saw him fall, and the dusky dead were piled around him in beeps." A moment they held each other by the hand in silence. At length the solemn look returned to Sir Jasper's face, and with a corresponding change in his manner he said :

"If we outlive this day we will talk of those bygone times • but there is another duty now before us. We know not what en hour may bring forth. For myself I care not. I have faced mortal peril too often to quail at this which now threatens. But lam not alone exposed. There is one dearer to me than life—made dear because she leans upon and trusts me—who must partake of the danger. Arthur Rainsford, you have looked upon Mary Wallace and you know what must be her fate if—"

Arthur put forth his hand as though to ward off a serpent. "Hush 1" he exclaimed. "God will not permit it!"

"Alas! we know not what present evil Heaven may suffer to fall upon us. But enough of that. I am not so strong as I once was, and I may fall in the battle. If 1 am stricken down and you shall survive will you look to her? Will you guard her with your life? Will you make her salvation your sole aim ?"

"As God heareth me, I will I" answered the youth, slowly and solemnly. "I see in your face and in your frame strength, and fire and zeal," pursued the old soldier ; "and I shall feel better to know that you are sworn to the protection of that priceless jewel." " You have my word," answered Arthur, man- fully, "and let the end decide how I keep the faith. But you will not fall, Sir Jasper." "If," went on the knight, without heeding the youth's last remark, "I should be taken away and the worst should come, I do not think they would capture my precious treasure alive. 0, Arthur Raiusford, help me to save her !"

Our hero knew but too well the fearful picture which the old man had conjured up—the picture of self-destruction as the last resort of the maiden —and he felt that it was by no means far-fetched. The thought struck a momentary horror to his soul, which was followed by new strength of purpose._ . . .

"Sir Jasper," lie said, putting forth his hand once more, "I understand you. Trust me while I live."

As they turned towards the poop they met Mary coming out from the cabin, and a new light gleamed in her eye as she saw who bore her guar- dian company. She seemed to comprehend on th.e instant that she had a new champion, and the glow of satisfaction that suffused her face told plainly that the discovery was not an unwelcome one.

"My dear child." said Sir Jasper, taking her hand—he spoke lightly and cheerfully, as though he would lift her out from the gloom as far as possible—" I have found a prize. This is the son of that Tom Rainsford of whom you have so often heard me speak, and I am sure we could not have found a better friend in this emergency." Mary gave her hand to Arthur, and with a sweet smile she said:

- ..... "Your presence, Mr. Rainsford, I hold as a blessing indeed." "If I can be of service to you in this hour, dear lady, I shall account the Ileed as the richest bless- ing of my life. Let us hope for the best." The maiden did not cast down her eyes, nor did she shrink from the earnest, devoted gaze of the youth vhose speech had been so warm and ardent. With the truth and candour of a soul that dared acknowledge its own best impulses, she returned a grateful acknowledgement and freely accepted the proffered championship. A brief pause, and then she said:

"I think I know the danger; and I am prepared to meet it. If you have a thought of this poor self of mine let it be not such as to harass or perplex you. I will hold myself as free from the danger as possible. "You will go below, Mary. Trust not your- self in the cabin again. It is too much exposed there."

She was upon the point of replying when an- other report from the pirate's gun broke the air, and with it came the crashing of an iron ball directly through the cabin. This settled the ques- tion of the place of her retreat, and she promised that she would go into the ward-room when she left the deck. But she could not go yet. She could not bear the suspense of dark uncertainty while she could witness the proceedings without mortal danger. She had not quailed at the crash- ing of the shot through the bulwarks of the cabin, and she would not retire while she could show a face of calm decision to her friends. Her guardian might have insisted upon her going below at once; but he markell the effect which her presence had upon the sailors, and when he remembered the hidden springs which operate upon the human heart, he understood that the youth and the beauty of the English maiden might find a responsive strength of good-will in those British bosoms which nothing else could have awakened. So he left her standing by one of the guns, at which a number of the sailors were stationed, While he went to confer with the captain. (To be continued).

./ ,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DZAREST NELLIE,

The distinctive feature of the season's fashions, aside from the elaborated sleeves, and wide, plain skirts, is the craze for lace and all sorts and kinds of showy ornamentation in jetted and spangled trimmings of brilliant colourings, and Persian bands of numerous soft, subdued tints woven together with charming effect. Added to these is the univer- sal use of white and cream tints on dark as well as light dresses. There are rows of fine tucks alternated with narrow insertion and edged with lace insertion set in diagonally, lengthwise, and straight across without tucks or edging, and inch. wide horizontal tucks with insertion between and edge gathered in each tuck. A new pattern for a jacket, which is even better than a reefer for sea- side wear, is called a "blouse jacket," has a straight front and back, and is made in panels, which are braided to the shoulders. The two fronts form one panel, the sides two other panels, and the back another. The sleeves are full above and made with a long cuff that extends half over the wrist.

Cambric is an excellent material for blouses. A pretty one can be made in spotted cambric trimmed with lace insertion. It has a plain close-fitting lining foundation. The front is trimmed with a V-shape yoke and completed with a full overpart gathered to meet it under a band of insertion, and it is fastened invisibly with hooks in the centre. The back is gathered at the neck and waist over the plain foundation. The high collar is trimmed with a row of insertion, and a belt of the material neatens the waist, and is fastened with a buckle in front. The full sleeves are gathered over a plain foundation, and are finished at the wrist with a deep cuff trimmed with, two rows of insertion. Others, again, are made of silk, and these look exceedingly handsome. For instance, there was one made of shot green and chine silk. The sleeves were puffed to the elbow, and piped with narrow cream Valenciennes lace.

As for summer gowns I think I never saw prettier costumes than at Henley the other day. Those I liked most were perfectly simple, and made either of tambour muslin or of the new grass lawn, with coloured satin neck and waist bands. I cannot decide which was the cooler or daintier, the lawn or muslin. A really charming gown, was of palest green muslin, with a large fichu of white lawn and beurre Valenciennes lace and insertion. This was made to cover the whole back and front of the bodice, which was shaped with " defined " shoulders' a style that I believe will be firmly established by the winter. The neck and waist bands were of white satin, and the hat of white chip, trimmed with white wings and bows, and a profusion of pale green tulle arranged in a scarf and choux.

The new skirts and coats are made of fine faced cloth, principally in tan or stone colour, The skirts are very full, and there is no attempt to tie back or make them set plain in front. The coats lre a little shorter than they have been of late, and are ornamented in front with double sets of cloth or braid tabs with three buttons on each, and are cut low enough in the neck to admit of a smart vest or shirt front and a neck-band, and worn with washing cuffs and collars edged with lace. This muslin is sold by the yard in the form of tabs.

Satin or velvet makes up admirably in those stylish short capes. Black is undoubtedly the most useful colour, and may be trimmed with a champagne-tinted Brussels appliqué, or a beurre- coloured lace of the guipure stamp, combined with jet and sequins. Three and a-half yards of satin will make a wrap of this sort, and, if black gowns are much worn, the lace should be light in colour, and the open-patterned jet may be laid over narrow ribbon, in the light tint of the lace. The body portion of the zouave requires to be stiff and firm, and for this reason should be lined with linen, and again with sarcenet. The satin collar, with the large bow at the back, is part of the wrap, and keeps the upper portion neat and firm. The sleeves are simply lined with sarcenet, as the dress sleeves support them sufficiently, and the gathers make them stand out well, A short cascade of lace which falls from the bust-strap does not enlarge the figure at all, but gives a dainty effect to the front of the zouave. Some pretty hats are to be seen made of black tulle. A very youthful-looking one was made of drawn black tulle, the brim being edged with cream guipure. The wired bows are of white lace, and the trimming consists of masses of cornflowers and foliage, with large spear-shaped grass' and two blue and green shot wings. Choux of blue and green tulle, the tints of cornflower and leaf, may be substituted for the blossoms. Sailors' seem to maintain their perennial popularity. This is a

very pretty -panama sailor, .. a simple dark-blue ribbon as trimming, or quills and wings might be used. Your loving JENNIE.

At a fireworks display in Preston Palk, Brighton, en Monday night, a mortar burst and its fragments were scattered in all directions. Sixteen persons were in- jured, oniii of whom, a boy of tourteen, died yeate.day. The G.ruisn Emperor, who is the Queen's guest at Cowes, MI TllebtlaY paid a vi,t to his battleship Woerth, and in an address to the men—yesterday being the 25a) anniversary of the famous engagement between the French and German armies—advised them to emulate, should occasion require,their countrymen who took part in the battle after which the vessel was named.

.1),, , ~t 111 -v ~r,„; y 640 'S' .1 - A iPP4 ...-A .. r, , ' • - ,),A, t,,, ~ ...AA '' r, rii ~",i 4 / lolt *fic, it. :lea iit'!, At.t:tt it V` (4'' ict- N'St: # \ t \ I \

bitgr' ; 1 t , • 4.3,-„ • t 44' , -3% -

/ , _ -?,--; fr _..... 4.------- - „,-;:7•< -,,,.-0-4,c ~,,,, C.• ~ 1, 10„..- '. . ) • !gib 0::,,,,,,w4,7 -,.: , /(1 11 f' v .-, N.. ....-% „ • with ;ty one—,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Woman's Greatest Charm.

I am quite sute—Write-siiid-iniaisin the "Ladies Home Journal," that men regard " sweet simplicity " as the greatest charm in women, and especially in girls. This does not mean simplicity in the simpering sense, but an ab.ence of that affected air of boldness and mannishness which has lately been assumed by too many really lovable girls. Then, too, sincerity in ex- pression is one ot the characteristics that charm men. To be sincere and candid the girl in society need never be abrupt nor self-assertive.

A Graceful Carriage. There is a great charm in a graceful walk, expressing as it does the harmony of perfect balance. It is, how- ever, a charm that is rarely seen. People scuttle, patter, sniblP, shuffle, hurry, or stride along, but it is only here and there we see how well they walk. Owing to the lack of training in physical exercises, women move even less gracefully than men. To walk gracefully is to put the foot down prettily. Don't believe it when you are told to put the toe first. The foot should be so lightly poised un the ankle that when the lift from the hip is made in taking a step, the toe naturally swings toe down, so that the forward part of the foot touches the ground first. This is different from stiffly pointing the toe down and trying to walk that way. Put the feet down so that the heels would keep pretty closely on an imaginary line,the toes always falling a little outside of the line. The full weight of the body should be on the foot that is on the ground. One ought to be able to balance prettily at any moment on the foot that is down. If this can he, done it is a proof that the body is well poised and well carried. If the foot is put down properly the head will be carried along a perfectly level line. If the heels follow a line. then the body will advance without any side swinging of the shoulders. To put the foot down well is to walk well, to stand well, to be well.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
" GOVERNOR " APPETITE

You have seen, or heard of, the apparatus in a steam- engine called the " governor." Its object is to regulate the quantity of steam supplied by the boiler to the engine, so as to keep it running evenly, whether the power required is more or less. Very good. Now, there is another governor on a machine of much greater consequence than any steam-engine—namely, the appetite, or sense of hunger, in the human body. The mill or machine that grinds the food is located in the middle of your body—down in the dark. You never can ace or touch it. You swallow your meals, and if all is right with the machine, you have no further business with it. The stomach has a peristaltic or oscillating motion,by which it shakes up and churns its contents ; but so silent and smooth is it that you have no more sense of it than of the earth's revolution. But when it is out of order, notice of the fact is served on you, even quicker than a notice to quit on non-payment of I rent. This notice • comes through the Appetite—the Governor, Manager, or Executive Officer. Yet people are foolish enough to think t at loss of appetite is bad in itself, and that they ought to do something to force it or to cola and coddle it.

Drop that notion and never pick it up again. When your appetite fails, say this : " Heigh° ! I've got a notice that my stomach does'nt want any breakfast what's thematter down there ? "

Take the experience of Mr. Walter Burkinshaw, of 230, Dunlop-street, Carbrook, Sheffield. He says that in June, 1891, his appetite fell away, and he could scarcely touch the food that was placed before him. He bad a foul taste in his mouth, and a disagreeable phlegm covered his teeth and tongue. When he did eat a mor- sel he had a deal of pain at his cheat and round the sides ; and be thought the food caused the pain, as in fact it did.

Presently he got weak, and felt tired and done up. His ears were full of singing noises,and he couldn't even hear the clock strike. When in company he says he felt miserable, because he was like a dummy ; be could'at hear what folks were saying. BF-and-by he got so weak—he is a jobbing blacksmith by trade that he had to give up work. At night he couldn't sleep munh, as he was constantly belching up wind and a sour fluid. Well, things were this way week after weak and month after month—a most dismal, unhappy, and unprofitable time, indeed.

fie took all solts of medicines, as we might expect ; " but," be says, "the physic gave me no strength." That everybody does not expect. But it is true all the same. Nothing but digested food gives any strength. The right kind of medicifte enables the stomach to digest food, and so you get strong. But let us keep to our tab% _ _ _

After telling us all the foregoing, Mr. Hurkinshaw ends his letter in these words : " When I found there was no chance of getting back to my work" (he was at Dodsworth, Barnsley, Yorkshire, when taken ill), I returned to Sheffield, and dragged on till the middle of July last (1892), when I read in a book about what Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup had done in cases like mine. I sent to Boot's Drug Stores, High-street, Atter- cliffe-road, and got the medicine. A few doses relieved me,and after I had taken three bottles I was a well man. I (Signed) Walter Burkinshaw." The date is October 15th, 1892. The address we have already named. Now, of what did Mr. Burkinshaw'a failing appetite inform him ? Simply that no mne food was wanted. Beyond that point he didn't understand what had happened. His stomach was inflamed, and—mechanic- ally speaking—dead. For a time it was like a closed f ietorc. There was a lock-out. To force down food was only to make matters worse. It was indigestion and dyspepsia, which can't be cured by ignoring it,even if yon could ignore it. But when Mother Seigel was con- sulted, and her help accepted, matters improved in a twinkling, the stomach soon resumed business, " Gov- ernor" Appetite proclaimed the fact, strength and power grew in the body, and our friend, as he says, I was a well man."

===== 0002601_18950810_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VII.

THE PIRATE.

While Mr. Nixon was aloft with his glass, the captain gave to his passengers a more full account of the information he had received from the cast- away. The man's story, in brief, was this:

He had been one of the crew of an American brig which had put into Port Praya for supplies. When two days' sail northwest from the Cape Verde the brig had been attacked by a pirate, robbed of everything worth taking, the crew then confined below, and the vessel fired in the cabin and in the forecastle. While the pirates had been ransacking the cabin this man had overheard a conversation between two of the freebooters, from which it appeared that their vessel had been fitted out at Santiago, and that their plan was to lie upon the course of the outward-bound Indiamen from England "And," explained Harlow, "you are probably aware that at this season of the year, with the northeast trades blowing fresh, the track of our Indiamen in this latitude is a very narrow one. When homeward-bound we strike farther to the west, and select our course from a broad meridian; but when bound this way I doubt if the last twenty ships that have made the passage have varied ten leagues in longitude at this point. So, you see, an enemy would have little difficulty in overhauling us, if so disposed. "This poor fellow heard the rascals distinctly, and he is sure that they were bound for the track of our ships. He says that the pirate vessel was a fast-sailing, American built brig, evidently fitted out originally for a slaver; that her crew were mostly Portuguese of the Cape Verde and Madeira, and over a hundred in number, and that she carried a long brass gun, probably an eighteen-pounder, amidships. "As I have already informed you, the pirates confined the plundered crew in the hold, and then set fire to the vessel and left her to her fate. The prisoners, when they knew that their brig was afire, managed to break out; but they were too late to extinguish the flames. They had time to cut the mainmast away before they were forced to leave the deck, and upon the wreck of that the crew, ten in number, with a breaker of water and bag of biscuit, took refuge. I gray God that the saved man may have op- portunity to tell us of his experience upon that ocean-tossed spar—for I have no doubt that the narrative would prove thrilling and interesting— but I can only tell you now that he alone of all his companions survives. One after another they dropped into the grave of waters, and even this last member had said his final prayers, and closed his eyes in unconsciousness, when we found him." _ _ _

"Hello 1 Aloft, there!" "Aye, a 3 e, sir 1" was responded from the fore. topmast crosstrees. "Can you make anything of that fellow yet 2" "I_think she is a brig, sir."

"Keep your eye on her." "Aye, aye, sir." "And now," said the captain, turning to his friends upon the deck, "I think we'll make pre- parations for the worst, and meantime we can hope for the best all the same."

Touching the propriety of this course there was but one opinion, and straightway all hands were mustered upon the quarter-deck. The Golden Fleece, as was the custom of the Company's ships at the time, carried four guns. They were twelve-pound carronades, and the bul- warks were so pierced that the pieces could be fixed in battery at pleasure. At present, however, two of the guns were just forward of the fore-chains —one upon each side—and the other two upon the after part of the quarter-deck ; and for these guns there was plenty of ammunition. Upon counting up those who were fit for service, Harlow found that he could muster fifty- four. This included Sir Jasper and Lord James, with six servants; Arthur Hainsford, the three lieutenants, and the surgeon, and the crew proper, which, with the petty officers, numbered forty men.

"A goodly force," -aid Sir Jasper, when he had seen the crew numbered; "and we have the advan- tage of being upon the defensive." "And we have the disadvantage," suggested the surgeon, "of having to meet men who have no mercy. " Well !" responded the old soldier, with a sig. nificant smile, if yonder follow is the pirate of which the American sailor has told us, and he proposes to fix his fangs upon us, I think we are likely to be as lightly burdened with mercy as he IL"

"Aye," said Lambert; "but our men cannot be so desperately ferocious as can those vil- lains."

"If they be true Englishmen, my dear Doctor, they can be desperately in earnest, which will answer every purpose. It is not your ferocious beast that always makes the best fight. But let us not borrow trouble. We are not yet sure—"

--- The general's speech was interrupted by a hail from aloft.

"On deck. there I" "Aye, aye! What is it ?" "She raises her topsails! She's a brig, and seems to be lying-to, with her main-topsail aback !" All on board the ship were apprehensive of the worst. _

"We must remember," offered the captain, "that any vessel, upon discovering us, would be likely to heave-to for the purpose of speaking us.,,

_ But the next report from aloft left little reason for any hope of the stranger's honesty. "On deck, there!" .. .

"Aye, aye !" "The brig has two perfect crosses in her fore- topsail. Looks as though new canvas had been patched on." "Whereabouts in the sail are they 7" "One in each clew."

The rescued man was referred to, and he recog- nised the mark at once as a peculiarity of the pirate's fore-topsail. There was litt:e more room for doubt, and without further delay Captain Harlow proceeded to arm and station his crew. He had pistols and cutlasses in plenty, besides a score or more of old muskets, which were very soon made serviceable by the application of new flints.

It will be remembered that the ship was in the north-east trades, and as her course was very near south, of course she had the wind upon the lar- board quarter. The brig, which had now raised her courses, lay directly in the Indiaman's track, with her head to the north-west and her maintop- sail to the mast. When Captain Harlow had made his arrangements below, he went aloft to where ,his lieutenant sat perched with his glass, and took an observation for himself. In a little while both he and Nixon came down and the ex- pression upon his face was answer enough for all the questions Sir Jasper had to ask. Still he told what he had seen. _

He had waited upon the crosstrees until the brig had lifted her deck to view. He had seen her weather-rail lined with men fore and alt; he had caught the gleaming of steel all in) and down the line; and once, when the brig had rolled heavily to windward, he had caught sight of a brass gun mounted amidships. "So," said Sir Jasper, "we know the work that Is before us."

"There is no way of escape ? " queried Lord Fitsjames. "The only effort we can make in that direc- tion " replied the captain, "is to haul upon the wind, and thus force the pirate to make his way dead to windward upon the chase. If we could keep out of his way until night, we might possibly avoid him under cover of the darkness. If it were later in the day there might be some hope, but we must remember that the day is nearly all before us."

—Still the ship's course was changed to the east. ward, and shortly afterwards the brig filled away and went about, standing upon the same tack.

"A chase to windward is a long chase." said the surgeon. Harlow shook his head.

"It might be so if the sailing qualities of the contestants were anywhere nearly equal. But just watch the nose of that brig, will you? See how she carries that bone in her mouth She was built for running. She lies half a point nearer to the wind than we do, and yet she goes through the water the fastest. Is it not so, Mr. Spencer ?". "It is, most assuredly," answered the first lieu- tenant, who had been thus addressed. And yet the ship kept on her way for two hours, the brig meantime tacking twice, but at the end of that time all hope of escape had been given up. Citpt, aglow had been_ soli ikloft with his glom,

J

===== 0002601_18950810_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASS BRICKS.

We are accustomed to regard glass houses as some- what fragile structures to point a sgaitpt the mii.chievous practice of stone throwing ; but the glass houses of the future wive promise of being more sub- stantial edifices. In Berlin. some plant houses have been put up with glass bricks made after Mr. Falconier's method ; and these nol only relist destruction by impact with stones or other Substances, bu'. act ss non-conduc- tors of heat. The bricks ar merle ol blown glass, and under a temperature of 500 legs. Fah Possesfing, las they do,internally is hollow ot about rte-third of their I entire contents filled with ratified air, timv are Ca pa ole of preventing any le-at passing through th,m. Jollied togeiher with cc merit a rieiJity is obtained which points. to the possibility of their being employed as roofing in semi-circular form,without any frann-wot k;ttinti2h so far n experiment in this dirt ctit-n has be ii made. But p 1 ant house., Conservatories, and witrer gadens can be omstructed with these bricks in such a way as to ex- clude much less light than existing glass houses, with their necessary framework. They also F ff.-ct consider- able economy in heating, through being non-conductors, , and are, moreover, more solid and substantial than ordinary glass,

SAME STORY EVERYWHERE.

tow*

---- In Warrington, as in every ether 'Soo and city in the world, when Warner's ook Cure was first introduced peoPle Sh a , their heads and would hardly believe when theyo ii ea . • of the cures from long-standing biliousness, jail 117 indigestion, or kidney disease effected through its useir 4 Now the army of believers is daily increasin and g, yo, can hardly turn without meeting one cvlie ores ilie;al: health to the virtue of this remedy. Do vire hel`e,l ' hem ? How can we help doing so ? Here theY,,!l'i, ; and thousands of letters like the following are en0u:.,,.^60 make the strongest sceptic hesitate before crying do tha r, something he has not tried. Read this letter from 4 Rev• James Thomas,of Llanwyddelan RectorY,Newotalont ', tYlhoanttgotinheisryshviernee.raDbloe you, think fnoir one m seat , 4' years would misrepresent facts three to , e ana he public ? Then weigh carefully his experrenc years I let it guide you. He writes ; .6 For over four suffered severely from indigestion and dizrinP69;nanf , during that time I had to abstain from taking articles of food. I took several different 50d of / i•., received no permanent benefit. At the end of rtlp : resolved not to take any more medicines, but lha•B fact • , my mind to bear my suffering as well as I could ; 'wally was under the impression that I was dying. acd ac fullY bade farewell to my family. It ' 'mpossible to . i y. tis I ,„6 pain J. : • describe my sufferings. Owing to the extre""ato 0f suffered in the back of the head, my sight "shottle ef ' so impyrtant iously affected. In January, this yea rt a ender Warner's Safe Cure was sent' te me, sod the s..d its 14 begged of me to try it. I did 80. BefOrP 1 firlii'bekep, , contents I felt much better. Three more were t,a,,ing, 4 nowbeinagm distressedcompletely after c u reeadt in gc. ien , dizzinesslsn shall have entirelymest happyleft to ea, nasnwde, r wsinthout anY s with ' a ni ensdti get; etri r„in'eutai;cl. ,6 9 VeStiOnrfut ill view of my age (sixty years) and the length 0. 4• t een tit:sinuffyecruerre; which is the more wend:woo / , hlna reference had been without b

WILD TRAITS IN SIIEFF' .t ~.0, ants• A wild sheep in his native country is no tir lairs; prior gonist. The horns of the Ovis Poll and joseela ' mous, and must be seen to be a preciated.,,,,',hl;t foxeS Rooker, the great botanist, saysP that in I,,d';`borris na have been known to make kennels in the hct-rn- the Argali This sounds rather a "tall " sta- confess I should much like to find one of these ate - crab-like foxes at home. Some Indian tame sheenPatire d hi desperate fellows to tight, and are exhibite imala potentates matched against bulls and other 81'000 , gs Phil Robinson tells a story of a ram that w„,.„ of ' 001 d v Calcutta Zoological Gardens, and, since he e value as a curiosity, the keepers thought that DbeveVer, make a nice tit-bit for a tiger. The sheet), $, the 05 tiger being of a pugnacious disposition, went for ~or as soon as he was put into the cage. The traTii4 taS on to tell that after a sharp tussle the sheer, ";:roatea• tiger Whether he ate him afterwards is 11°': such* but one would not be surprised at anything ln„fieeP sheep as that. The immense number of varieties 0,1;00 ,ind the widely different characters they Preset ' that they have been domesticated for a verY ilbee peer ' If the dog was the first animal trained bY „reedss was certainly the second. Naturalists are net "-s.e to which of the wild species our modern siVe descended from. I think it is probable se their origin to several kinds, including the rdcwh Burrhel, and the Argali. These, oddly etiouC,l; short tails, like nearly all mountain aniMahl-L,',15 `7.. that t'fil("lhtlie Purpose of the tail kimono, the herbivorous ahl"-are se" drive away flies, and on the wind heights these troublesome. Yet domestic sheep are born waistd ,bero tails, and in spite of the practice of farmers acre herds of cutting the tails short, they still Pere,he : Osieicur growing them. Hers are two problems for generation of naturalists, who, of course, ar`Ai fog'-4 dO ably smarter and more intelligent than the isto who have written Oil such subjects hitherto• Wl' the modern sheep grow a tail ? And why dh c'efjeficall wriggle his tail at meal thms Nort Review." " GAPIN YLL 110LE27 ocriog Near logleborcugh, in Yorkshire, there is ajoie, Opening in the earth known as Gaping OhYll;,,a Whesta- which a stream of water pours, and conoerureoers-, depth and contents, rumour, in the absence os;-,r5t.r Ye°.r f knowledge, has spread many a wild legend. deps. tb e ago an explorer was let down to it, but 4t 3„o 80ft.his courage failed him,and lie was drawn r.„,„`r k -wing i' 'hd; Now an adventurous Frenchman, named I'4°llB' Martel,who has probably had experience in notte'" pit-holes of Southern France,has cleeCen e°Mr ded r "'niete of Gaping GhYli, and has brought back a er:' Ghservd tfle th count of it. Acceding to e " Bradford descended by driving an oak post into the grTi antt chi!! top of a grassy slope leading to the hole, an- the i°ri. to the post two rope ladders. In the ineantirne t 1-hrcet flowing into the hole was diverted in another ~ed en: At 190 feet from the surface the e 1 14aftj xplorer alig',,ilev, six-foot lcdge, upon which his ladder had, ,:o when he had disentangled this he chilled more. Repaid out a telephone wire as be foo" was thus able, as soon as he touched the t pd. " Or to assure his wife that he was safe and sou bo ttoln e to give her an enthusiastic description of the ft lone r 450 • a the Ghyll. It proved to be a vast chambe-' 'g of 05% floor ryib 1301 t. and about 100 ft. high. The and pebbles, and three outlets from it throueoj 0,5 a noa hoe m ; the water percolates are blocked up by cuin ders. M. Martel was astonished to coin!' h3t 0011,.teto human or animal remains. He was twenty-e.g",..00' ;§ in accomplishing his hazardous and laberietel d itr,i the surface. Tie feat was a very plocitY °Totted a pity that nothing more sensational re Martel's enterprise. SHOW THIS TO SOMb' intere;,.o I will amid a valuable. instructive, and bigo_,Y to „'-off tts hook which eve-y woman would be gin olio Contains Important and confidential advice ail' 001 cl ely marriedenfef arns edelsientta,grnel ihtF,to tover he sex. hx:.:711, 11 Y 5" d le°l°. Am) liFss Protes,or E LASALLE': Paddinizton, London. W 61:stibio'teir-n8 Terefte

FITS OR EPILESII7. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS; oast I will demonstr it to the whole ld how dreArlful of all conWaint s. '. Epilew4," w%,leb ;rv'eate",i hitherto consi (erect incurable can b-, perrtomffi!,:crotArl' (without the chance of failure)'. Write to the " Loncl°: • Durwood Hotc=e, Burwood Place 119de Park. I,' He will send you. " Gratis,'" tun. instructions ' ()Banco/items commencing" hid. Vide (55t319 411geel3)r'34 TonACCONIBTS' Co 186 Euston-toad,London' Hy. MYERS Est. 1866. Specialist,ai trusses-RUPTURE 64.1; iir ein NuIE, ladDnic sendeFrAyl-ill BawntAohel Mr S. ni ;s( iS.,.T,Jt,o. I ihr li 1.411'1l Manchester for his Book, post free 7d —kill' THE RUIN ----_-- ' THE PLAGUE OF - A " Little Cough." Little /1 THE FORERUNNER OF DEATI Couflb' .1 " c00gb...10 ° A " Little v 4 Which may he CURED now by the 133111141)," op HALL'S , T UNG P ESTORER l' 1-4 IL Registered AND ALL ' LUNG FOR INA}:cl,is,,,4t COM PO IP' wfig RESTORER Never Fails. It POSSIISSII6V.,.OO I'oo LUNG to Soong. Itehs'ig, la RESTORER UitlEteArl"prWeli)Jiaerlal titdi. FOR COUGHS NV* L'" 0. ~.° Cliiill RESTORER 0.0 f, 4 - Never Fails. It NE'llin . • ,Liffr• LUNG INnTANT Itb RESTORER TT; FA LUNG I troer Patl4:olScogvorit'S: Luun To Er RESTORER IN DUCES SL,E Ca UNR° ESTORER Never Fails DikaLOlilli:AflN:l°AtilTT.:fre:C°li4lllll4-"' °I ...150. AO. LUNG Foil WIIOf- ; du CU RESTORER • LUNGRESTONItevEerEpaIIs EA IT ACTS LIX-- H ALL'S INSTANT S sr4 lig• GIVESLUN RELIEF. FAILS. . 0/oSrW- es EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNI. or oyaea $0 Mrs. lc A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls._ pios 00 To Mr. THOS. HaLL•—" Mau SIR. -4 rof vollr l'a iII testify to the great benefit derived from the list ti z;10/300.04. RESTORES, which I have giveu to s'vert:,, Were Pleoliiiti my Home—ln two cases particularly its vffelt •-.11 00 p loos, having cured most obstinate Coughs. l, " '9 to recommend it to all lily fri.-nds." 4 ODD, • . --- 1 LuCNAGUTritNsi—oiWuthßen. don't aba,k,r tett ardoer: tlo3l.,?;:e'ultpituitlr: else. Upon the outside wrapoer of ever), ),',,i gßisEt eRe e a N E°E;Ps E"TRCRA:DVI :Nil sr:3; s2IT 11 :Dil: re: voii 3:;;01 ". . I.ti).,P,:ltft rr: 0 Int TradeTrau d u l:iltsirink ictahtei ot, figure , at rnei Tif1,;(,0r1;:,...n, Sold by Chemists and Stores every' _ diffiallto.O: I Is. 4d. and 2s. 95. Should there be +l,lO...eint of, Ltafia i obtaining, it will be sent corlage paid.oll 7ops Y° I for the amount, from THOS. HALL, 24 . w street, London. -

-

LANC TRE I th V114:8 PrilE itfterbo telu,

TRE Iflltrelpo' ke, oftera tt

TRE t, htcti totit" ulti4 2%elt eOl tOttuzial ttoti of 441tton %lel) it

P R one oN

WOrd, 36.. Thel3l tnr)nt by—tlile°l Ap, 4?-4214 -81NEE Otisxs AClN'erti 4dvel or it ay 'eCtiN'et

1:11.44(

140 114kber 114Nti 4..km1 1431, 144t1; 44" 441411

:qui and of e tot the

Carl of b it--

1)41]

t a (

It • lictt°l] 'tut 44:11t

„ .1. ~, tio

.1411,1,141

Ph Ph°sll4 1110()(144 Ph 'RA P °Qtt A

,v 4,064

lin ''S. volt,

Ili

E: • t]

I,,Dll,triN Plict

Pllllllll7

p„,, N 441, Pit

Igt 1.1

• JORN WALKER AND CO. PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES

°f ,oder itl iketlf

J°llN WALKER AND CO., tbLAO 13BursBY STREET. WARRINGTON ARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

40,1 rtet; 5r#.9

, 1 LOA ' ati $9;,3 itt

[EB - --- . --- FOR SOIREES. [Es FOR CONCERTS. [Es FOR FETES, &c.

• r 4 rAlot rg,

110 70.; 10_ 'l,e't•Ttler Ofetscl

I

SPECIALITY:

TEE WARRINGTON EXAMINER BEWHEY STREXT.

OF 411C&SIIIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER WHICH COmpILISE TRE Warrington 4 Hill-Cheshire Examiner, pub- h tithed Saturday morning. The district covered by the VilP4 e°°lPrises many populous maaufacturing towns and and a large agricultural tract. THE Earleatown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton, li Gabon, ttera_ e, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday tele. "`"n• The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal T" St. Helena Examiner and Proteot Weekly Netos, %ritt blished Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises the eta, tea 0.1 the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King. TUE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- mil "non. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. „„rricinxs Examiner, published Friday after- Wer6-^i'n• Widnes Contains the largest number of Chemical lin it, any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming Portant centre of industry. Allen 04,an. Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal ;".setinif, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Advertisements (exceptParliamentary)are inserted in "ad above papers at one charge. Patch *l4 cf the above papers consists of pages, 56 long an eoltunoolonins,each column admitting more matter than the tlo,°f any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in vehith-i• "u giving the local intelligence of the district. in eiMulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

Fitl'A.lD ADVERTISEMENTS. 1:141 charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad er tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. TW6O,TEDS, a - ois LET } 18 WORDS, VD.. " BAIES,S' And 3d. for each succeeding ,9 wo s .:Verds. One Three Six 18 .. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 27., '... 0 6d . Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. • " .. ..............'''''''''''''''s• . Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. ..,il. 01. r .................... 18 . 0(1. ... 2s. 6d. ... !.5 . y .L 0 ~. 4 ...... .................... la. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... Os. O. ............... Is. 6d. ... 3s. 841. ... 6s. Od. to,Ttlitese Charges apply only to the classes of advertise ozhi,,,Bbecified below, and are strictly confined to those vori 1,44111 are ordered for coNsv.curiva insertion. and PAID 41)3,z:7:Quit To INSERTION scale TED otherwise they will be charged 41440121EN1S WANTED HOUSES WANTED :A., 1 OUSTS TO LET HOUSES TO RE SOLD i'117101,83 Lost. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS Itt,s :LES POUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES tosillil.EEES POR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED EtoDs„.ESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED Ati, 'S TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT ettisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. %);:rertisements received at any of the District Offices N,7.4Y be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps -"ilved for amounts under ss.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Single Sheet, sft. 3ln. by 31t. 91n, 4 TIIIC LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. p‘amt!ONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining It7f of the .. LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. Z400,101'11 POSTERS. LARGE TYPE '44AIXOTII POSTERS. FOR kpa... k4,74L0.111 POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING 1... kIiOTH POSTERS. POSTER , uTH POSTERS. Produced In the Count 1114'010TH POSTERS.

PRINTING ! PRINTING ! WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," IGENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT „IlEis an established reputation for giving Carefu .kticl Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the production of Good Work 'l3tl evel7 kind—from the smallest typographic trifle 4, the biggest mural " Mammoth " are available to ti,- ,"'e Public, at prices which are s/rictly mocierato. 'ateless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane tf. business men. They find it doesn't pay to have . "'"-even at" the lowest tender."

4/ \T STAKING PRINTERS are now-a-day 'Ought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to 11°tIca as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade tTillaaa, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets ae• ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged ROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, Az.

,4‘letione itq'tql,r ere Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale 4°lte* 8' PanaPhlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, oso °' Bali A 400 Demtive 8, —C. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, an Societies Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and *nblitieB4ota Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills. kc. ... fderchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others 4g Printing of any description, are requested to give a

%I,lm 'ls'S RIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK 1141!4MAIRS FOR BAZAARS. 1110e4MMES FOR SALES OF WORK. 1110q1,14MMES FOR BALLS. Pg AAkm , ocrit ES FOR CONVERSAZIONE 3

IPES maw.' 2S. PER 1,000.

BOOKBINDING! torI".I.IMATES GIVEN FOR ALL IZINDS OF RIDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, lIIINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

: 4AMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. . . .1 : ), ..")11N WALKER AND CO. :: .1411 TIN ~. UNDERTAKE 13/1„r rOR CORPORATIONS, , 'NG' FOR LOCAL BOARDS, . rRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, :114z•rizz,, • PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES. =.,, m FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, . PR PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, '7 -INTING FOR CHAPELS, Lt PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, . PRIN PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, TING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, 1,,J1t0z,.. PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, -N.lttlx4lNG FOR SOLICITORS, ha FOR ACCOUNTANTS. ~ pi,':ANG FOR CRICKET CLUBS, :: "tNTING FOR BANKS, - PRIXTINGi FOR AUCTIONEERS. , i PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, ' „ PRINTING FOR ALL. .etti„ ',,,,‘_ ',ING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, ..;44it PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. ' ' 4 lAMINER " WORKS, BEWSZT STHEBT. '

===== 0002601_18950810_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
nap/ but 011 a up IDA oaf fug Ala A

===== 0002601_18950810_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
tics' with Lll

knte* 001 :06 are 'tile Dt to pO ow" wet. gOe' I the it e d 010 beeP rov e

• bOO9 0 are Ole 7,tbe e t°, 110. 110%

oler e join& lad" `,loe 180.,t)

50 0 0

Vl*

JO' ".

'Avro sir,;,oo alo 00 ',Away; [tgno• ICW"

iiii_, ..,,,,_...,,,__ _ _ __

===== 0002601_18950810_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL POLITICS.

BY ME. 11. WHITHAM.

Under the above caption your gritty townsman, Mr. A. 11. Crosfield,recently put forward some state- ments to which I will, with your permission draw further attention. Ignoring the fact that I entirely disagree with his statement of the Individualistic and Socialistic positions, he would have had my heartiest sympathy had he taken up the Liberal Agfa in the good old town. Mr. Crosfield is tilting at windmills when be attacks what he is pleased to call Individualism and Socialism, and he must excuse me when I say he 'does not, in the least understand what is meant by either term. This may be his fault, or it may be the fault of those he has come in contact with in argument. Possibly it may be the fault of those he has read after. If the latter I would ask him to read the "Social horizon" if he has not already done so, and then to give •' Examiner" readers the benefit of his further research. In the meantime I will try from what I see and have seen to clear a few cobwebs away from our friend's path. We must not forget the shield has two sides, and that it very much depends upon the ground we; stand on as to what our verdict of the shield will be. I accept in all honour the interpretation our friena places on the words "Individualism " and " Socialism "as being the very truth to him. To a Socialist this is not 80, and why? simply because of Individualism we have none, and of Socialism no honest man can have any dread. Mr. Crosfield says, " Socialism and communistic vapourings, in the sense of what is subversive and destructive of individualism and intended to put an end to com- petition, we all know is impossible." If possible I will not "vapour," or deal with the question in the abstract, but rather with the subjective or shall 1 ' term it, the personal observation standpoint. In busineai, competition is the watchword, and , it is accepted that for a business man to be success- ful he must have individualism strongly developed in his character. That is, he must have strong powers of concentration, and combined with this he must have strong insistence or force of character to give the former effect. I submit that these traits are as likely to produce a Bill Sykes as a Gladstone.

Competition is the life and soul of trade. In the English character it is " Combativeness." In the French, German, or American it is simply " Ambi- tious rivalry." If the Socialists get rid of this feature in the English character, " England will be crushed politically and commercially by her ambiti- ous rivals abroad. Why was the Ship Canal built ? The railways had absorbed the already existing canals and competition was tat. Individualism concentrated in a Board of Directors became the essence of selfishness, hence the Ship Canal. State ownership of the railways would have prevented even the merest thought of a Ship Canal. A mono- poly in the manufacture of soap wou:d inevitably breed a race of selfish monopolists, as combative competion would as certainly reduce wages below the living point. State ownership of soap works would eliminate the selfish element, by manufac- turing the amount of soap required, and that of the best quality, doing away with what is a wasteful system of advertising. Competition forces the English manufacturer to keep open eyes on the continental manufacturer, and, where he can, to reduce wages to the lower level, and where he can- not to remove his plant. The jute manufacturers of Dundee and the cotton manufacturers of Lanca- shire are to day unable to compete with the pro- ducts of India where labor is only 3d. a day. I give the following extract from a speech de- livered in the Chamber of Commerce of this city : "undoubtedly Japan is our most dangerous rival, and it is but natural that China should follow in her footsteps to control with India the manufac- turing of the world. The dense population of these three countries makes the struggle for existence exceedingly keen and the rate of wages correspond- ingly low, Under the bard necessities which there prevail the science of economical living is carried to a length which even the poorest peasant of Europe cannot comprehend. As enforced frugality and the necessity for constant application are the surest enemies of shiftlessness and dissipation, the labor of the Orient is as steady, methodical and re- liable as a machine. Although in point of develop- ment the Orientals are not admitted by the white races to be their equals in intellectual alertness and physical vigor, and although unremitting ap- plication to labor and the absence of abundant nourishing food make a drain upon the vital forces, Major Pearce declares that the efficincy of Oriental skilled labor fails only 15 per cent, below that of white labor, while its wages are 90 per cent Ism" The above applies equally to the English work- man. English workmen have no idea what the Jap workman is. I see him every day, and I think I know him, and I assert that the day is not far off when the English export trade to Asia will entirely cease, and not all the combative competition the individualist of the present can bring to bear upon the question will avail. Will Mr. Crosfield tell us of the help railways give the English manufac- turers in districts where there is no competition, and in return for such information I will give him a score of cases where competition has led to cut- ting ratee,this in its turn has led to pooling profits ? We have competition, and we have no competition, as we have individualism and no individualism. ViThiteley's place in London and the "Boa March 4 " of Paris are the outgrowth of a vicious system which simply ruins the small tradesman. Wannamaker, of Philadelphia, sells books below cost, hoping to tempt custom into his mammoth store. In Indiana they pass a law forbidding this kind of individualism. In Washington they pass the "Interstate Law " prohibiting railway com- panies from conspiring to rob the public. In the Eastern States the wire manufacturers agree to pool the profits with the wire nail and barb wire manufacturer of the Weat,and your humble servant is thrown out of work. The Standard Oil Cm - pany agree with Rothschild' to "Divide the world" on the oil question,and, as a consequence, you have no competition in oil in Europe. We have none in A merica,the Standard Oil Company simply freezing out every competitor in the same way the Nettle- fold and Chamberlain Company undersold all com- petitors in the screw trade, thus asserting the superiority of individualism to competition. The ground upon which our present business methods is built is certainly too slippery for any self-respecting man to hope to stand on. And yet, these men are held up to the people as successful business men, and 'worthy of all imitation. Just recently one of our richest business men died. Two years ago he bought all the grain to be bad in this state. It has now to be sold. At the present prices this will be a loss. But his idea was to make a corner in wheat, and so further enrich himself, and had he not died he would undoubtedly have kept the people's food back until it was worthless. 8o it was with sugar. A few months ago all the sugar thieves in the country had their attention fixed on Washington. A few cents more or less in taxation made men rich , in shorter time than it takes to write it. But this thing tires one, because it is so impos- sible to point the attention to any one thing that has,even accidentally the remotest connection with lhonesty. And what is the consequence ! Who suffer from all this? Why simply we workmen. There is no single case on record where a man be- came rich by simple honest work. I grant that under the present acceptance of these terms men do become rich, and the law has no hold upon Them 'What we have now is a low cunning competition wherein the man who produces the least accumu- lates the most. Capital has accumulated in com- binations and grown to such magnitude of power as to dictate the legislation of mankind. As a re- sult of the competition of to day warehouses are groaning with their -fullness. and yet people are going without food, homes, clothes and prospects. The time is fast coming when society must destroy Ithe rich man or the rich man will destroy society. Healthy competition that would develop nature's resources for man's benefit is not to be derided, but the competition that forces fruit packers and can- ners to use dirty Chinese and Japanese help so that you in Europe may,have cheap Calfornia fruit is no way commendable. At this present time an inquiry is being prosecuted into the cause why white labour has left the fields and vineyards of this State. Go where one may, Chinese and Japenese are doing all the outside work, and of course working for what would be a mere pittance to the white man. Of course a good business man, full of that combative spirit which knows no de- feat, will get labour as he can, end as cheap, and so become the ideal fellow which some people so much admire.

TRIND-AND PROVED Sufferers from Gravel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladder Stone. Seance., Rheumatism and Gout will find a po,itive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices of all Chemists or pnst free for 12 stamps from Frotnorn's Medical Hall, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Pon't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt.

..

===== 0002601_18950810_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10 1895.

But let me skip across the ocean just now. I have just gone over the list of elections that have been held up to this date. What a tale comes from Derby, Manchester, Darlington, and other labour centres. It is said, and possibly Mr. Crosfield be- lieves it, that Conservative reaction has set in. do not believe it. I think that the calm before the storm is being seen. During the next few years the social forces will pull themselves together, and Liberal and Tory alike will be swept from the track. I read of ths Tory clubs in London where men are throwing chairs and tables about for sheer joy, and the walls are shaken by their delirious cheers. Speaking of London the writer says —" I should say the election will be much more corrupt than any of recent years. There used to be a certain proportion of saloon-keepers on the Liberal side,but this has come absolutely to an end. It is noted in Vie newspapers there is one large public-house in Battersea which displays John Burns' bills in colors, and this is described as probably unique in all London. When it is remembered there are over 10,000 licensed saloons in the metropolitan district this borrows great signifiance." Why is London Liberal in municipal matters and Tory when the question is one of Parliament? The answer is easy to find. Liberal principles govern the metropolis in an unselfish aid therefore econ- omical fashion. But when it comes to a question of making Imperial laws, then the rich merchant, the stockbrokers or promoters who salt the consti- tuency generously with subscriptions and dona- tions, during a contest,turn the whole liquor selling traffic into an electoral agency for their benefit. The liquor trade frightened by the point at which the " veto question had arrived in the House made a supreme effort. The Church frightened by the Welsh Disestablishment question has not dis- dained to prefer a drunken people to a free people, and has thrown in its lot with the prince of all clevils,the Liquor King. The awaking is sure to be a terrible one. But I must draw Mr.Crosfield's atten- tion to the fact, that it is the money of successful business men that has been used. Men strongly imbued with that combative and ?,ompetitive spirit Mr. Crosfield so much admires,that is preparing the land for the baptism of fire that is sure to come. 27i 13th San Francisco.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
DROLL BLUNDERS.

As specimens of typographical errors, there are, amongst others, the following :—By the insertion of one letter in place of another, a newspaper, not long since, reporting the danger that an express train had run, In consequence of a cow getting upon the line, said : " As the safest way, the engineer put on full steam, dashed up against the cow, and literally cut it into calves ! "A Scotch newspaper, reporting the speeches at a Scott centenary meeting,mamle one of the orators exclaim with more truth than accuracy : "0, Caledonia, stern and wild, Wet nurse for a poetic child."

Never, perhaps, was the word " austere" more mis- construed than in the instance of a clergyman in Lan- cashire, who got a wholesome warning in regard to pul- pit articulation by discovering in one house which he visited the day after preaching from St. Luke xix. 21. that the servant had gone home with the impression that his text had been : " I feared thee, because thou art an oyster-man! " A Hampshire incumbent recently reported in the " Pall Mall Gazette "some of the blunders he had heard made in the marriage service by that class of persons who have to pick up the words as best they can, from hearing them repeated by others. He said that in his own parish it was quite the fashion for the man, when giving the ring, to say to the woman: " With my body I thee wash up, and with all my hurdle goods I thee and thou." He said the women were generally better up in this part of the service than the men. One day, however, a bride startled him by promising, in what she supposed to be the language of the Prayer Bopk, to take her husband " Te-'ave and to 'old from this day fortni't for betterer horse, for risherer power, in siggerness health, to love cherries, and toloay." What meaning this extraordinary vow conveyed to her own mind the incumbent said it baffled him to conjecture. . . . . .

A ludicrous story is told of a bAilie, whose studies in natural history seem to kave been rather limited. The following case came before him one day :—" A man who kept a ferret, having to go into the country,left the cage with the ferret in charge of a neighbour till he should return. The neighbour incautiously •opened the cage door, and the ferret escaped. The owner was very angry and brought a claim against his neighbour for damages. The following was the decision of the learned bailie : ' Nae doot,' he said to the man who had been left in charge, ye was wrong to open the cage door ' ; but, he added, turning to the other, 'Ye was wrong tae, for why did ye no clip the brute's wings?' " It is also told of a certain Glasgow bailie that, whec visiting Paris as one of a deputation from Glasgow to Louis Philippe, the king said, when showing the party through his library, where he had many of the English classics : " You will know Milton very well ?" ' 0, bless you, yes; bless you, yes," said the bailie, che r- fully, delighted that something had been mentioned that he did know. " Yes, your majesty, I know Milton very well" (Milton is a little place in the neighbourhood of Glasgow) ; " we're just building slaughter-houses there !"

By the bad arrangement of clauses in composition, ludicrous blunders are sometimes made. A Wisconsin paper announced that the Board of Education had " re- arOved to erect a building large enough to accommodate 500 students three stories high" In an English paper an advertisement appeared, under the heading of" To Let." of " A house for a family in good repair." " Punch " noted this, and conjectured that " a family in good repair " must mean one in which none of the members were cracked " The brooches would have been sent before but have been unwell," was a note of apelogy sent to Dean Alford by his jeweller ; and "Two sisters want washing" was an advertisement which appeared in the " Manchester Guardian."

An amusing style of blunder is the "bull," for which the Irish get most credit. It was an Irish editor that exclaimed, when speaking of the wrongs of his country, " Her cup of misery has been cyerilowing, and is not yet full !" It was an Irish newspaper that said of Robes- pierre that " he left no children behind him, except a brother, who was killed at the same time." Irish also was the cornet who, when writing home from India praising the much abused climate as really one of the best under the sun, added:—" But a lot of young fellows come cut here, and they drink and they eat, and they eat and they drink, and they die ; and then they write home to their friends, saying it was the clinaate that did it I"

Though not so numerous as those of the Emerald Isle, Scotland is not without its specimens of this kind of blunder. Two operatives in one of the Border towns were heard disputing about a new cemetery, beside the elegant railing of which they were standing. One of them, evidently disliking the Continental fashion in which it WAS being laid out, said in disgust :—"l'd rather dee than be buried in sic a place." "Wee!, it's the vera reverse wr me," said the other ; "for I'll be buried naewhere else, if I'm spared." A story of Dean Ramsay's is given of a half-cracked man in the parish kirk of "Auld Ayr," who got his head in between the iron rails in front of a seat, and Startled the congregation by crying out in the middle of the sermon :—" Murder, murder ! my head'll hoe to be cuttit aff. Holy minister ! 0, my head mann be cuttit off. It's a judgment for leaving my godly Mr. Peebles (his former minister) at the Newton." When he had been extricated and quieted, and was asked why he put his head there, he said : " It was find to look on wi' another woman.'" - -

A doctor who had one day allowed himself to drink too much wa9 sent for to see a fashionable lady who was ailing. He sat down by the bedside,took out his watch, and began to count her pulse as well as his obfuscated condition would permit. He counted : "One, two, three; "then he got confused, and began again : "One, two, three, four." Still confused, he began again : "One, two." No ; he could not do it. Thoroughly ashamed of himself, he shut up his watch, muttering: " Tipsy, I declare—tipsy! " Staggering to his feet he told the lady to keep her bed and take some hot lemon- ade, to throw`her in a perspiration, and he would see her next day. In the morning hp received tbei following note from the lady, marked " Private " :—" Dear Doc- tor,—You were right. I dare not deny it. But lam thoroughly ashamed of myself, and will be more careful for the future. Please accept the enclosed fee fcr your visit" (a ten pound note)," and do not I entreat of you. breathe a word about the state in which you found me," The lady, in fact, had herself been drinking too much, and catching the doctor's murmured words,thought they referred to her. He was too far gone to see what was the matter with his patient, and she too far to observe that the doctor was in the same condition !

- There are some gird stories about mistakes as to ner- son.lt is said that William IV.was once kept waiting out- side a certain part of Windsor Castle,owing to a private entrancebeing that evening in charge of a substitute who did not know the king in his plain clothes. .4 you can't pass, old 'un," said the man, cheerfully. " No one is allowed to pass here after dark, except the king and the lamplighter." A mutual mistake was once made by Lord Guildford and a lady of quality in the house of Lord Melville. There was a dinner parry at which Lord Seaforth Waft to be present. As Seaforth was deaf and dumb, Lady Mel- ville, before the company arrived,sent a lady friend whn was familiar with the dumb alphabet into the drawing room, to be ready against his lordship's arrival. It happenee, however, that Lord Guildford was The first to make his appearance; and the lady, taking him for Lord Seaforth, began to sign to him nimbly with her fin era. His lordship, happening to be an adept in the deaf and dumb alphabet, replied in the same way ; and so they went on talking in this noiseless manner on their fingers till Lady Melville entered, when her friend said aloud : " Well. I have been talking rn7 best to this dumb man!" " Dumb red .d Lord Guildford in unfeigned surprise ; " why, my good lady, I thought you were dumb !"

===== 0002601_18950810_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL SPORTS.

The eleventh annual athletic festival and gala of the Warrington Vootball Club were held on Monday at the football field, Wilderspoul Causeway. The day although cloudy and threatening, fortunately kept off rain, and as a consequence there was a very large "gate," the number present being about 6,000. There was a splendid programme provided and the whole of the arrangements were carried through without a hitch. The officials were Mr. T. Bowers, clerk of the course ; Mr. E. Kane, starter; Messrs. J. Evans, W. Lomas, R. Andrews and E. Gilbert, judges ; Sergeant Major Haigh, judge of the boxing competition ; Messrs. T. Davies, W. Hewitt, W. Hill, W. Hayes, F. Barber, C. Burton, I. Racket, J. T. Bate, J. Lawless and H. Ashton, commit- tee ; Mr. W. Platt, handicapper; Mr. T. Pemberton, hon. treasurer; Mr. J. E. Warren, hon. secretary; Mr. S. W. Jeffery, assistant hon. secretary. NORTHERN COUNTIES GYMNASTIC CHAMPIONSHIP. —The N.C.A.e . again favoured Warrington, as they did last year, with the competition for the gymnastic champion- ship of the Northern Counties. There were two prizes, viz., a gold and silver medal. The competition was worked by two styles (one strength and one swing) on each apparatus, and in case the judge required it, the three or more competitors who had gained the high- est scores should compete for "set " tricks. The judge on Monday was Mr. J. Wall, et Manchester. There had been six entries, but as only two, E. Halton, Manchester Y.M.C.A., and J. Vernon, Warrington Gymnasium, put in an appearance, the "set" tricks were not required. The result of the competition was that Halton gained the first prize, and Vernon the second, the points gained being Halton,horizontal bar,strength 9, swinging 7, parallel bar, strength 7, swinging 84, total points, 314. Vernon, horizontal bar, strength 64, swinging 3, parallel bar. strength 6, swinging 4, total 194. 100 YARDS HANDICAP.—For this event there were three prizes and 38 entries, of which 30 took part. The com- petitors ran in six heats, the winners being J. Brown, Salford ; J. Whittam, Bury; T. Horan, Warrington ;T. Taylor, Manchester; J. F. Kuhl, Salford H. ; and J. Cunningham, Warrington. There were some good races in these heats. Taylor, however, had an easy win, but Kuhl only just won on the first. The final was also pro- ductive of on exciting race, and great satisfaction was expressed when J. Cunningham came in first,tbe second and third being respectively T. Taylor and J. Brown. ONE MILE NOVICE BICYCLE HANDICAP.—For this event there were 43 who entered their names. and 36 made the attempt to win their first prize in this kind of sport. There were four heats, the first and second in each to run in the final. The first heat was a close race between R. Hughes, Chester C.C., E. J. Paine, Middlewich C.C., and E. Hollings, Chorlton C.C. The first two especially kept close company until the last lap, and Hughes suc- ceeded in getting in final. Paine, however, was beaten in the last lap by Hollings, and thus dropped out of the race. In the scratch heat the winners were J. Davies and G. H.Smith,both of Warrington C.C. The winners in the other heats were T. Worthington, of the Wigan C.C. ; A.. Pennington, of the Golborne C.C. ; H. Benson, Lancaster C.C. • and W. H. Wwynn, Chester C.C. res- pectively. In the final the winners were in the follow- ing order, G. H. Smith, J. Davies, and E. Hollings. 220 YARDS HANDICAP.—There were three prizes for this event, there being 21 competitors, and the race was run in three heats,the first two to run in the final. The heats proved to be easy wins for the successful competitors, the winners being J. F. Kuhl, Salford H., and J. Cun- ningham, Warrrington ; W. Irlam, Salford, and J. W. Rostron, Warrington ; and J. C. Leathwood, Northwicb H, and J. Robinson, Warrington. A good race was run in the final, and the prize winners were J.C.Leathwood, J. Robinson, and J. Cunningham. ONE MILE :BICYCLE HANDICAP.—This handicap had brought many well known riders, and some good races were witnessed. There were 26 competitors, and they had four heats, the first and second to run in the final. In the first heat, Dutton of Warrington, had a spill, and R. Wignall of Preston, got hurt in consequence. This somewhat marred the heat, but the winners were 11. Benson Lancaster C.C., and G. J. Charles, Wrexham C.C. in the second beat F. Jackson, Bowden C.C. and J. Davies, Warrington C.C., succeeded in outdistancing their rivals, and in the third, one of the secretaries of the Warrington C.C.' G. H. Smith came in a good first, the second being J. S. Mercer. Chester C.C., and B. Newcomtge was amongst the slain. In the last heat, E. Chorlton 8.C., and J. Newton, Manchester A.C., were first and second, T. Ream, Warrington C.C., and J. R. Harrington, Padgate, being among the vanqaished. George Smith delighted his admirers by winning the first prize in the final, the second also by a Warringtonian, J. Davies, and the third was E. Hollings.

NINE STONE BOXING dOIIPETITION.—Thero were fo-ur competitors for this innovation upon the usual pro- gramme. There were two rounds, and in the first J. Mosedale, of Bury, and R. Brierley, of Chorlton-on-Med- lock, Manchester, had a very stiff tussle. Mosedale finally came out the victor with 15 points to 13. Quite of a different character was the laattle between M. Jeffers, of Warrington, and R. Carroll, of Manchester, for whereas the former scored 15 points, the latter was quite unable to get a single point, and was thus ignom- iniously beaten. In the second round, Jeffers had a harder task, but he was again victorious by 15 to 13,and was thus entitled to the first prize, Mosedale, his rival, being the second.

880 Yeans HANDICAP —Fifteen competed in this event, for which there were three prizes as usual. The race was a very interesting one, and there were several well-known winners. W. Price, of Orford Harriers, came in first, followed by J. H. Fair, of Warrington,and E. Norman, of Ardwick. Two MILES BICYCLE HANDICA.P.—Fourteen rode in this race and some quick riding was seen. There were three heats, the first, second and third being eligible for the first. The winners of the first heat were J. P.Whittle, St. Helens C.C. ;J. S. Mercer, Chester C.C. ; and J. Davies, Warrington C.C. In the second, the fortunate riders were F. Jackson, Bowden C.C. ; W. H. Linnell, Winnington Park R.C. ; and B. Newcombe, Warrington C.C. : while in the third, A. Forster, Warrington C.C. ; L. Wellings, Warrington C.C. ; and J. Halloo, Leigh, C.C. There were thus four Warringtonians in at the first, but only one succeeded in getting a place, the win- ners being Mercer. Davies and Bullen, the time occupied being 5 mins. 12 1-5 secs. ONE MILE FLAT HANDICAP.—There were three prizes offered for this event for which there were 18 competi- tors. The race was rather a straggling one, and the winners were H. Killiner, Crewe Alexandra C.C. ; F. W. Easby, Northwich H. ; and E. H. Pulford, Sefton H. The sports proved in every way satisfactory and ex- cellent order was kept during the afternoon. The War- rington brass band under the conductorship of Mr. T. Griffin played selections during the afternoon,and at the close of the day's sport, the prizes were distributed to the successful cempetitors by Mrs. Warren, in the absence of the Mayoress (Mrs. James Fairclough). The Warrington Football Club 'are well satisfied with the re- sult of the day's proceedings.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE OF THE ORCSS. EXCURSION TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON.

On Sunday (writes a correspondent) the War- rington League of the Cross went with numerous friends for a sail to New Brighton via Ship Canal. The League band accompanied the excursion. The rendezvous was the League Hall, Bewsey-et., from whence the party proceeded to Latchford locks at 11 a.m., playing in fine style a selection from Mozart's twelfth Mass. All along the route was crowded with excursionists full of spirits(not Jame- son's) The "Eagle" arrived at Latchford at about a quarter to twelve from Manchester, and it, was a busy quarter of an hour loading her with her human freight. The steamer was crowded from stem to stern, every available inch being occupied. There must have been about two thousand people en board. The Ship Canal people would do a wise thing, if they placed chains along the lock, especi- ally if they intend catering for these excursions; else some day there will be a calamity. During the voyage which occupied about eight hours, there and back, the League band under the conductorship of Mr. John Mullins,president of the League,discoursecl sweet music, which was a source of great enjoyment to all on board the Eagle. The scenery along the route is very fine, especially on the Cheshire side' the weather was all that could be desired, and all seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The stay at New Brighton was necessarily a short one, but no doubt the " Ham and Egg" parade received ample proof of the digestive powers of the Warrington- ians. The return journey was very pleasant indeed. The wind having gone down consicterablv, all was calm and delightful ; but when the steamer arrived at the new cutting, tha band struck up in a soft pianissimo, Cardinal Newman's beautiful hymn, "Lead kindly light, Amid th' encircling gloom Lead Thou me on." The people sang these beautiful words softly, almost in a whisper, the moon shining placidly upon the waters, the while our steamer glided I softly into the harbour. Then the whole concourse of people joined in Father Faber's beautiful hymn, " Faith of our Fathers living still." Thus ended a day long to be remembered by all who had the good fortune to be there. Great praise is due to the committee for the admirable arrange- ments due to their energy and foresight ; but especial praise is due to Mr James Whittaker. band secretary who is the very life and soul of all good works in connection with the League of the Cross.

To MoTHER9.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and t e i tile cherub awakes "as bright as ajbutton " Of al! I betnlsts, is. lin. per bottle.--.eldot.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CAMP MEETING.

The- E-a-tCl;FOrd Primitive Methodists held their annual" camp "meeting on Sunday afternoon on the vacant ground in front of the chapel, linuts- ford-road, wnen addresses were given by several gentlemen from Warringtm end Widnes. In the evening a special service was held in the chapel' when there was a largo attendance. The services throughout the day were of an interesting charac- ter, and were highly successful. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-SI., Warringtea.—Advt. FLOWER BERVICIL AT FADOEITE.

The annual flower service in connection with Christ Church was held on Sunday, there being a good congregation. The Sunday school children attended, each child carrying a bunch of beautiful flowers. During the singing of a hymn the children walked in single file to the altar rails, and handed their flowers to the Rev. J. J. Langham and Mr. Joseph Slather, who placed them around the altar. Offerings of fruit were also made. An adiress was delivered by the Vicar from the words " The trees of the Lord are full of sap." The flowers and fruit have since been sent to the Warrington Infirmary for use in the sick wards.

t 16Rw1Nu H.e.caurse, Hand zd .od. ea. Treadle £4 46. WI handsome walnut cover.-7. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 1, Sankey-It., Warrington.—Advt. P.A.DGATE CHOIR TRIP.

The annual excursion of the Padgate Wesleyan Church choir took place on Saturday afternoon, the place selected being Sandiway Head on the Dela- , mere Forest. Although much rain fell in Warring- ton and district it was not the case at the forest, and needless to say the members of the choir thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The journey was made by 'bus, Sandiway Head being reached about 2,30 p.m. After rambling about for some time the trippers adjoiarned to the Blue Cap Inn, where tea was provided. The return journey was commenced about eight o'clock, and Padgate reached at 10 30 p.m. The trustees of the chapel provided the nec- essary funds for the trip. CYCLES.—Cantlxn,Sole Agent, Bridge-et., Warring- tea.

PIDGATE CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL TRIP. The annual trip ot the Padgate Church Sunday scholars took place on Friday. They were con- veyed, together with a number of their parents, in five large 'buses to Frodsham. A start was made about twelve o'clock noon. Frodsham being reached about 2 p.m. The children rambled upon the hills and otherwise enjoyed themselves until four o'clock where tea was partaken of at Mersey View. This over, the children again engaged in games until 6 p.m., when a start was made for home, Padgate being reached about nine o'clock, everyone being thoroughly satisfied with the outing. The trip was accompanied by the Rev. J. J. Langham (vicar) Rev. W. R.Hartwright (cnrate-in-charge of Orford), Mrs. Beevers, Mr. Frank Blackwell, and the most of the Sunday school teachers. WRINGING MACHINE 3. GARLAND, ponmeager Warrington.

THE WESLEYAN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY.

The second picnic of the Christian Endeavour held their second outing on Monday. The !place chosen this year was Oulton Park passing through Delamere Forest on the way. Assembling between 8.30 and 9 a.m. the tops of the 'buses were soon crowded, some unfortunates having to travel inside, but if an exuberance of boisterous mirth is a true test of pleasure, then theinside passengers were the happiest company. The destination was reached by 12 a.m., and after lunch the party separated, one portion making the tour ot the gardens and the other exploring the park, first proceeding to the gardens. Through the kindness of Mr. Parkinson several photos ot the two groups were taken. After tea had been disposed of, a number of the visitors inspected the church, ascending into the belfry, whereupon a few tried their 'prentice bands upon the bell ropes, and the more adventurous ascended to the top of the tower, from which a splendid view was obtained of the surrounding country. The return journey was commenced at 7.30 p.m., and the las; twelve miles were covered in a downpour of rain, which however, did not damp the ardour of the young travellers. Warrington was reached abrmt 10.30 p.m. SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18e. 64. Treadle £4 4e. wit handsome walnut eover.—J . and W. Dlrrrox 16 and IS Sankey-at.. Warrin gton. —Advt. THE CHURCH LIDS' BRIGADE IN CAMP.

The 2nd ( Warrington) Battalion Liverpool Regiment of the Church Lads' Brigade joined the northern camp at South Shore, Blackpool, on Satur- day. A special train left Bank Quay Station at 2.30 p.m., containing the Warrington Battalion and the Sale and Altrincham Companies, and at Wigan they were joined by the Wigan (Ist Liverpool) Battalion, together with the camp headquarter'a staff. The Warrington members numbered 125 in all, and were made up as follows :—Lieutenant- Colonel T. D. Buckton, commanding, and Captain F. M. Appleton. adjutant. No. 1 Company (St. James', Latchford), Lieutenant C. Slater and five lads; No. 2 Company (Padgate), six lads (Captain Appleton); No. 3 Company (St. Elphin's), Captain Willis, Lieutenant Willis, and 16 lade; No. 4 Com- pany (Great Sankey), Lieutenants Ringer and Owen, and 52 lads; and No. 5 Company (St. Peter's), Lieutenant Brookes, and 19 lads. Captain Mcliechnie, of Great Sankey met the battalion at Blackpool. The battalion brass band from Great Sankey, consisting of 18 members, also accompanied the party. South Shore was reached without mis- hap about five o'clock, and the lads were not long before they were settled down and did justice to the tea provided by the excellent Quartermaster, Captain Crawley. The lads are well provided for, and every precaution is taken to avoid accidents, and all are looking forward to a very happy week under canvas. HOUSEHOLD Lianas, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-s.. Virarrington.—Adnt. SHOCKING ACCIDENT IN BRIDGE-STREET.

At about five o'clock on Tuesday evening a very serious accident occurred in Bridge-street. It appears that when opposite the tobacco stores of Mr. Mann a collision occurred between a heavily- laden lurry, owned by Messrs.Greenall, Whitley and Co.. and a light milk float, belonging to Mr. Wibberley, milk dealer. The effect of the accideut was that the milk float —which was being driven by Mrs. Wibberley—was twisted completely round ,the head of the pony, as well as the top of both shafts, crashing through the plate-glass window of Mr. Mann's shop. The occurrence occasioned great excitement in the thoroughfare, and traffic was for many minutes impeded. A few minutes after the crash had happened, a son of Mr. Shaw, a neigh- bouring butcher, appeared on the scene, and seeing that the poor animal's head was lodged in such a painful position, at once began to further break the glass in order to free it. This he succeeded in doing, but meanwhile the animal had been severely cut, and bled profusely from its wounds. It was immediately taken to Mr. Ferguson, veterinary surgeon, of Rylands-street, where it was profession- ally treated. The incident so much affected Mrs. Wibberley that she was seized with a faint, and attention had also to be accordingly directed to her. A great deal of the stock which was in Mr. Mann's 1 window at the time was spoiled, and the damage to this, and also to the plate-glass window is estimated 1 at more than £l2. _

AMERICLNIROCKER CHAIRS, sale price, 12s. 6d. B LIMO TANLIne. with two trays. sale price, 4s. Ild.—J. and W. DuTTox, Sankey-it., Warrington.— Advt. CORONATION OF THE DAHLIA QUEEN IT B URTONWOOD.

The coronation of ilie-Dahliti-Oneen at Burton- wood took place on Monday in a field adjoining the Bridge Inn, and it being the first occasion on which such a sight had been witnessed in the village large numbers of people paid a visit to the field, not only the residents of Burtonweod, but persons from Warrington, Earlestown, 1.0, Newton, and other places. The weather was charming, and the pro- ceedings passed off in a very pleasant manner. The first item on the programme was a procession through the village and round Collins Green. This consisted of the scholars from the various schools in the district, and different trades were also repre- sented. One of the most striking features in the procession was a lurry on which colliers were de- picted in the act of getting coal. During the parade large quantities of bunting were to be seen across the streets, flags being displayed from the windows of the houses. After walking through the village and round Collins' Green the processionists adjourned to the field, where at five o'clock, the Queen, Miss Horrohin, Burtonwood, was crowned by Miss Jackson, of Bank House. Burtonwood, who also presented her with a beautiful Bible. Morris and other dances were given by several children, and at the conclusion of the crowning ceremony,tea was served in the field, and the remainder of the day was spent in dancing and games of various kinds. The Penketh brass band was in attendance, and played a selection of popular airs. The whole of the arrangements, which were in the hands of Mr. George Anders, proprietor of the Bridge Inn, ' Burtonwold,were carried.out in a very satisfactory manner, and the event was a great success, and will no doubt be looked for another year with much interest.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE DEATH ON A BOY.

The death has been reported to the police of Patrick Varley, four years of age, who resided with hia parents at 90, Pierpoint-street, off Be wsey-road. It appears that the lad sustained an injury to his elbow a few days ago, and was removed to the Infirmary, where he remained until he died on Saturday morning. No inquest will be held, as the doctor who attended him certified that the death was due to natural causes and not to the accident. _INJURY TO A WINDOW CLEANER,

Mary Eastens, living at—FairCloUgh's-yard, Bridge Foot, was admitted to the Infirmary on Saturday afternoon, suffering from a broken leg. It appears that she was standing on a stool, which she had placed on a chair, when it slipped from under her and she fell to the ground. Her screaming attracted the attention of a few neighbours, who immedi- ately went to her assistance. 'I hey picked her up, when it was found that one of her legs wns broken. The injured woman was speedily removed to the Infirmary:

SEWING.MACHINEB, Hand £2 18s. 6d.t,' Treadle £4 4s. with handsome wslnut cever.--J. and W. Durrcm, 16 and 18. Sankey-at.. Warringtun.—.Actet. CRUISE ON THE SHIP' CANAL.

On Sunday. a large number of persons spent the afternoon in a pleasant four hours' cruise on the Ship Canal, from L3tchford Locks to Runcorn, Wes- ton Point, and Saltport, The canal company's saloon paddle steamer, the "Flying Falcon," being cbartered for the occasion. Refreshments were obtained on board, and everything was provided calculated to make the journey a pleasant one. Latchford was safely reached about six o'clock,after a very enjoyable sail.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH.

The death took place on Sunday morning at his home, 8. Jolley's-yard, Friars'-green, of Thomas Welsh. 58 years of age. The deceased, who was a tailor by trade, and oecasionally went to public- houses flute-playing, had been suffering for about three months from bronchitis and had been attended by a doctor. On Saturday night he went to two or three houses with his instrument, and OR returning home,about 10.30, he complained of pains on the chest. He took some medicine and went to bed about 11 o'clock. On his wife awaking next morning she found him dead. No inquest will be held. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT WARRINGTON. James Evans, a single man, 43 years of age, for many years past employed at Longford gasworks, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat with a razor at his residence, 78, Longford-street, Warrington, between 12 and 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Evans had been drinking lately, and on his cousin (with whom he resides) taking his dinner tolhim, he found him in a weak condition and bleeding profusely. Dr. Nuttall was called in and dressed the wound, and Evans was conveyed in a cab to the infirmary. The wound was about four inches long.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A POSTMAN AT BANK QUAY STATION.

On Friday light week, Thomas Austin, aged fifty-two, residing at 112, School Brow,Warrington, whilst following his employment as a mailmaa,met with a serious accident at the London and North- Western Railway Station, Bank Quay. Austin was engaged pulling a hand truck heavily laden with mailbags, when owing to the defective condition of the paving of the platform, the truck came sud- denly to a standstill, and the rebound knocked Austin down on the edge of the platform. The 11.30 mail train from Euston was entering the station, and the footboards caught him by the waist and dragged tim a few yards. Austin lay jammed between the platform and the footboards. He was only with great difficulty released from his perilous position. The injured man was taken to the

A FALSE REPORT OF THE DROWNING OP THREE CHILDREN. During the course of Tuesday afternoon a report spread about the town that three children had got in the river somewhere near the iron bridge and been drowned. The children's names were stated to be Crank, Ogden and Basnett,all three belonging to Dutton-at., off Mersey-st. Happily the report proved to be totally unfounded. It appears that the children were missing from home,and could not be found anywhere in the neighbourhood The mother of one of them enquired from a playmate as to their whereabouts, and he is stated to to have said that he had seen them fall into the river. No clear story, however,could be got from him. All the lad seemed able to say was that the children had fallen into the river near the iron bridge. An alarm was given, and the police made enquiries at `A, ar- rington bridge, but no one bad seen the children or seen anyone in the river. Meanwhile the parents of the children became most anxious, and as time went on they really began to think that some mis- hap had befallen their offspring. A crowd assembled in Dutton-st.' and the mothers were greatly sympa- thised with by the neighbours and friends in their supposed loss. No tidings could be gleaned of the missing children,but as the police failed to find any trace of their having got into the river, it was hoped that they would ultimately turn up. This they did late in the afternoon, to the great joy of their parents. It seems the children who are from three to five years of age, had been lost, and after wandering about for a time they were put on the way home, and arrived there utterly unconcious of the anxiety they had caused their parents.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB.

PRESIDENT'S DAY.

On Saturday last the members of the Warrington Cycling Club mustered at their head-quarters at the Norton Arms Hotel for an afternoon in the coun- try on what is known amongst the initatied as " President Day." Under lair conditions as to weather, cycles are of course indispensable for the run,which this year,as on several previous occasions, was along the picturesque Cheshire highroads to the village of Cranage beyond Knutsford. The Presi- dent and guests, not necessarily being cyclists, are of course, accommodated with a suitable convey- ance. But on Saturday the elements were so im- propitious that at the last moment cycles were per- force abandoned and recourse was had to convey- ances for the whole party. A splendid four-horse wagonette was bespoken for the rank and file of the members—the president and visitors following in a two-horse landau all from the well equipped satbles of Messrs Maginn Bros. There was, however, very little rain after leaving the town and the roads, three miles out, were found to be in excellent order despite the heavy showers that that had been prevalent in the district. A pleasant outward run was mifde with stoppages at Hoo Green and Knutsford and the destination was reached soon after six o'clock. The swan Farm Cranage is well-known to both home End distant cyclists as affording all reasonable com- forts and the genial character of the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Rossan, are not less widely appreciated, and when the attractions of a rosebud garden of charming daughters are thrown into the scale it is not difficult to account for the popu- larity of this halting place with the more impres- sionable and susceptible wheelmen. A varied and substantial meal here awaited the party and being splendidly served was done ample justice too , Mr. Morris, the ever-popular president, made on behalf of the Club, and in his characteristic kind and hearty manner, a presentation of a silver thimble to each of the ladies of the house. After these and other formal proceedings a few songs were indulged in by the Misses Rosson and Mr. Whittle, the well-known Warrington humouroua vocalist who was one of the party. Some photo- graphic groups were then taken on the lawn in front of the house, by the enterprising and now- almost übquitous "amateur photographer," and soon after seven the party set forth on the home- ward journey well pleased with their short stay at the homestead of the Rosson's, and with many and prolonged leave-takings. At Knutsford a consider- able stop was made to bait and rest the horses and the time was pleasantly occupied at the Red Cow where there is ample accommodation for man and beast. The party took possession of the assembly room in connection with the ' establishment and diverted themselves with music and the drinking of appropriate toasts. In these proceedings the geniality of the President and the officials of the club and the good feeling existing between one and all, were conspicuously apparent. Mr. Morris, Mr. Pickavance, Mr. Sampson, Mr. Birtles, Mr. Waddington and Mr. Jeffrey each con- tributed expressions of goodwill and of their en- joyment of the outing and spoke of the good results of cycling as a health giving exercise and a refin- ing pastime. These proceedings were interspersed with several songs from our local chevalier, Mr. Whittle, who was in good form and was the means of creating much of that hilarity which marked the late hours of the outing. Mr Jeffrey also played some sparkling pianoforte items which were much enjoyed. "Auld Lang Syne ' having been sung by the whole company with joined hands, the party again took the road to Warrington which was reached shortly before midnight.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A DOCTOR'S DOUBTS CuNQUERED.

The "News of the World" publishes an interesting piece of "Special Commission" work by a medical ex- pert. He began, with a frankly avowed scepticism, by interviewing Miss E. Taylor, a charming young lady, of 2, Parkmottages, Hendon-lane, Fmchley, London. The illness, which (as the medical commissioner explains) meant, if not stopped, nothing less than death by con- sumption or decline, was of tour years' standing. It • was a severe case of chronic ansemia, and it had been treated medically in vain. The information obtained Speedily showed—first, that it was a clear case of anaemia; and, secondly, that a wonderful cure had been effected. The girl had outgrown her strength. Loss Of strength, flushing of the face, nervousness, and more or less hysterical symptlins were coupled with all the attendant complications, medical details of which were given and verified. Loss of appetite came as a natural sequence, and the patient suffered all the inevitable consequences of armemia. This was the position of affairs when the patient's mother learned what had been effected in some similar cases by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. She gave them a trial. A distinct improvement became perceptible at once. The headaches, shortness of breath, and palpitation diminished appreciably. After the first box, the symptoms had nearly vanished. The remedy was persevered with, and still the improvement was maintained, until everyone noticed the change in the girl. After taking six boxes she gave up the remedy, and now far over six weeks her mother and sister assure me there has not been the slightest sign of the trouble. The general health has improved, the old distressed feel- ing has gone. She has never enjoyed such good health in her life.

Or. Williams' Pink Pills cure rheumatism, neuralgia, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headazte,and prostration ; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c., restore pale and sallow complex— ions to the glow of health, are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men cure all , cases arising from worry, overwork, or excesses. They are sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 29. 9i. a box, or six for 13s. 9d., in wooden boxes with pink wrapper: genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTOIsi HEAT.

APPLETON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.—A meeting of this Committee was held on Friday, last week, under the pre- sidency of Mr. H. Eyes. There were also present,Messrs. J. Whitlow, Coppock, Hampson, Britch, and Ashton Hayes, Mr. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), Mr. I Swinton (surveyor), and Mr. Ashton (clerk). A letter I was read from Mr. Marshall Stevens of the Manch'ester' Ship Canal Company, stating that he had made inquiry- into the statement that the Stockton Heath Bridge was open on the morning of ths 26:h ult. from 7-5 till 7.25. a period of 20 minutes, and found that the Rural Council had been misinformed in the matter, as the bridge was only open from 7-15 to 7 25 or a period of 10 minutes,as would be seen from a copy of the log enclosed showing the times the bridge was open on the date named. He thought under the circumstances the resolution passed by the Council should be rescinded and that in fairness to the Canal Company, full inquiry should be made into any future complaints that were made before such reso- lutions were adopted. It was considered by the Commit., tee that the complaint they had received was from a satisfactory source,and allowed the resolution to remain as originally adopted.—Mr Potts, clerk of the Cheshire County Council, in a communication,stated that he was instructed by the Rivers' Pollution Committee of the Council to call their attention to the pollution by them of the disused pretion of the river Mersey in the neighbourhood of Wilderspool and Walton,. and to intimate that unless steps were taken by the Runcorn Rural Council to prevent the nuisance which arose from such pollution, they would have to consider- ' the advisability of obtaining the necessary powers to 'enable them to put in operation the Rivers' Pollution Prevention Act in the portion of the river Mersey referred to. tie would be obliged by the Clerk bringing the matter under the notice of the Rural Council and by intimating to him the steps they purposed taking to. remedy the pollJtion complained of.—lt was resolved that a copy of the correspondence be forwarded to the Corporation of Warringten and that the clerk of the County Council be informed that that step had been taken.—Writing on the 27th July, with reference to Appleton water supply, Mr. Robert Davies said he could confirm much of what Mr. Hall had said reaarding it, but his house was a little above his (Mr. Davies') in altitude, and he was much worse off. The scheme the late Mr. Marson, an old waterworks directoroventioned, was to have a tower erected on high around south of the Bridgewater Canal from which a sufficient water supply could be afforded to those who were in want of it. This ought not to cost much, and it would serve a wide area. Tha water at Mr. ?damn's old house , seemed to have been beyond the influence of the %lan chrster Ship Canal. and was, he believed, undisturbed by it, and there was water at :-Jr. Lvon's quarry, which would, he suppo9ed be available if Winwick could not supply them. A letter was also read on the same sub- ject from Mr. John Ellison, clerk of the Parish Council of Appleton. in which he stated that at a meeting of the Appleton Parish Council held on the 23rd ult., the fol- lowing resolution was unanimously agreed to :—" That in view of the assurance of the Warrington Corporation to provide an efficient supply of water to Birchdale (in the parish of Appleton) in la near future, the Parish Council considered that no action need be taken at pre- sent."—lt was resolved that this latter recommendation be forwarded to Mr. Robert Davies —rhe minutes were confirmed at the meeting of the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAVEDTUGEWS WISH.

--- The late R. L. Stevenson tolls a good story in his de- lightful "Memories and Portraits" of a man who hai his dwelling am )ng the tombs as grave-digger of a coun- try parish in Scotland. "Old Atonality" was appointed to die, and his minister was performing the last consola- tions by his bedside, and encouraging him to meet the end cheerfu.ly. The old veteran raised himself nn hi elbow and looked out of the window across the graves which had been his life'rt work. " Mr.enistPr. a hae laid there three hunner and eighty ta rest in that kirkyard. An it had been the Lord's wall. a wud a lecket wed l tae• ban filled out the four hunner !"

===== 0002601_18950810_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT A MANCHESTER STATION.

London Road Station. Manchester, was the scene of a painful tragedy on Monday night. A man named' Brooks, a native of Worcestershire, came to Manches- ter on Monday to see his wife end daughter, from whom he had lived apart for some time. He induced the two to accompany him to the railway station about nine o'clock at night, when he said he should return to Worcestershire. On pretence of Poking for his railway ticket, which he was supposed to have dropped into the- lavatory. he induced his daughter to accompany him there. He then suddenly drew a butcher's knife which he had rwncealed and cut the girl's throat so severely that she died half an hour afterwards. Brooks is in custody.

BPPA'S (1000 A. —Gall' FZEDL •ND COICFORTING. ..fly the thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govt-tm the operations of digestion and nutrition, and lw a careiul appli- cation of tie fine properties of well-selectet CO'`,l 4.. Mr. Bops has proy.ded for oor breakfast and super a d-licately- flavoured beverage which may save us many h.avy doctors bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that constitution may be gradually built no until strong enough. to resist every tendency t • disease. We may escal,e many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood arida properly nourished frarne."—Civil Sr ice Gazette.— Made simply with boiling water or Milk.—Sold only n packets, by Grocers. —" :TAMRS BPPR Co., Ltd.. iiomceonathic Chemists, honclon,"—mao Makers of BMW* 00coitne or Cocoa-NI, Rxtract Tea-like : A thin beverage- of full flavour, now with nuns- beneficially taking the placeof tea. Its active princi z g,otie nerve qtim slant supplies the neede I energy without unduly exciting the. system —Ad et.

A. small spoonful of Oldbury's Cocoa makes a krge reak- fast cop of delicious, refreshing cocoa oi the greatest strengtfb and the finest flwoor. The editor of Health describes it as " a cocoa of the highest degree of pa ity and nutritive value."—Advt.

rba ftoyal Laundresses tety enteuley's ST•HCH GLos is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched. I nen, &c., either cold or bollieg water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. a:ave :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your. "Starch Gloss." Prom Mrs. Bradford 1— "Dear sir,— am pleased to Inform you that I have tiled many so-calledt Starch Glares and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It: hoold be used In every houso. Sold at Id., 34., and 6d., be. most starch aellets. 1 not, in atock will procure it T ORTWINT,I:7 4ivorhern PeonriAttor.—Ads.

sutzdursv. ,wteht he; "The _nous snAanntni.fet,hteica.g;'ofno-rinli wTni!inPo. ;it rubbingnis in feetOrrala.PrioTr7.. SAVI A blueing Cures Rhemnatism. Flefreshe. the skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington. N.B. PRTICIVtL antl Co, Soie Maker, F. L. DATITELF Keynsbana, Bristol."

~ . . --T- OCKATO 0\ A ..nnst mArvell

===== 0002601_18950810_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
MonttOM lotrbantO, srt.

WANTED, 50 SBRVANTg, all classes from country; good wages.-62. (=Bang STIME.T (aver Butter stop Manchester.

ANTED, strong active Girl. about 18, as General 818HVANT in a small family —Apply 32, BASBY Mourn% Bradford..

CERVANT (General) with good character required for Dining Roorn A 4 elB to 20. Another kept. —Apply 110, WO • 11-STREFT Liverpool.

6 ENEHAL.—Wanted, a strong, experienced GENERAL, of good charact,r, for family of form—Address, RILEY, WoodIMO, Hwy, near Manchester.

WANTED situation as GROOM and COACHMAN, drive VT double nr single, 19 years' experience, age 30 married. Highest ref. rences.— F. BAILEY, 37, Campbe'l-st.,Keighley. - .

GAILIMN Kit, wants sitnaVon single hwided, efficient in vines, ficvsers, and kitchen garden. goo,' references, no obk.ction to be use 111311011•8 A-BURY, Crewe-road, Alsager. Hope-

Al ALE and FEMALE NURSES iN-TITLETION, 79, _ 1 street. Live. pool.—Eetabl shed 1878.—For reliable A' tendents Yenta!, Medical and Youth]) Nurses, Masssize. apply or telegr urses," 1 iverpool. 1 elephone 570.

COGI D Clergyman or Guardian recommend a good. strong. trustworthy GIRL about 14 years of age (orphan pre- ferred) would be brought up and treated as one cf the family, a vorl home and every comfort to a really reepectable Girl. —Address l 131101:(.11T0N, West Town, Dewsbury.

• Ea be Let.

pH NKETH. COTTAGES, 2e, Scl. per week.

U 'ION STREET. SMALL WORKS in centre of town.

apply, ROBERT LOWE. Nitate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

LBT.—G4od WORKSHOP. Orford-ed.—Apply ASHTO _I. and WOODS SolleitOTS, HOrßeMarket-St., Warrington. rr 1.137 c— Hood ItTSIL 37. Hopwood-street, 3 bedeooms I Apply ASHTON and Woons, solicitor, Horsemarket-et. Warr:ngton.

10 EN LET, good Seven-roomed HOUSE ; garden back and A. front; rent VS an taxes.—Apply J. A., 44, Church- toad, St. Annes-on-tht-Sea.

A HOUSE to BE LET. Leigh Villas. Knutsford-eoad, Grappenhall. four bedrooms. rent £l7.—Apply JAMFA Z. ALDRED Leigh Villas. Grappentutil.

•LiLwps 1H MOUNT 10 BE opposite the hallway 1::.1 Station, Sandbank]. two entertaining rooms, four bed- rooms, kitchen, Sm.—Apply Mrs. TATNALL. East lilworth.

lIIOUSH TO LET, 126, Wilderspool-rosd, Warrington, 4 be 'rooms, drawing-room. dining-room, kitchen, scullery, ac.. rent £lB. Immediate possession.—Apply at 212, Wi Iderspool-road.

TO BB LET, one of the Best MILK HOLIMIS In Bverton, with 15 cows, two horses sod float, good condition, and all utensils belonging to the trade will tyr let cheat, if taken .at once.— ft poly on the premises, 6, WHEN-STREET, Bverton- road, Liverpool.

42TOCKTON MUTT-I.—Mums composed of four bedrooms. kJ two sitting roorn s, bath room. w c., kitchen, c liar., etc. sent £l9 103 Also good bays at ss. I.er week.—BosTocu. Wilder4pool, Warring, on.

_ HOITSB.—To b. I,et, •'-Frirorose RIB," Purtonwood, con- taining two entertaining-rooms. tour bedrb ms, kitchen larder, outside washhouse, stable and large garden ; Tent Eta per year —Apply to Mr. W. FaiacLouGH Brook Farm, Buttonwood, Warrington, or to Mr. T. LATIMER, Commisdon Agent 69. Cross Lane Farl-stown

14 1V MR —TO BR LET, exce lent donble-fronte SHOP in Unde,clothing, Fancy Drapery. &c.. main road, market t oroughtare, Pent £4, fixtures and incoming Bt.-ck notilnal or at valuation. Good IN won for In lying. Good ready-money trlde. Dwel log-ho se attached.—For pertiewars. 113, WAVERTREE-ROAD, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Calanta.

GOOD lIARNINr- S AT ROMS, by the Herrison Knitting Machines —4B, UPPER BROO/C-STEEkT, "dant:heat er.

----- WANTED. a good Shooing and Jobbing Smith: also an Improver.—GEOl,GE MOSS, CLelford smithy, Chel- ford.

IATANTED,4t ffertrs from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. Agawoguif, Buxton, V .

C6rley.

H 4 ,11 14, IZHNTS,and ACCOU NTS to Collo,. t.— V J. W ADM° I,TII. Estate Agent, 119 Mersey-street, Warring t: 11.

INT ANTED STRONG GIRL, as General Servant; about 16; ttual I amily; good rrferpnees required.—Mrs. DICKIN- EON. 61 Chestergate,Macclestiela.

• VILTANTED Young MAN. for Confectioner's Van mtist. be Y hone‘t and good Sa!R4Mall.—Apply J. BROADHURST, 2E6, Kant stord-road, gton. GT,OCERS' ALMANACKS, 1E96 Active MAN AGENT may 11ye w. 0.. commis i ,n throughout Lancashire JAMES C ~ Nottingham.

fro PARVINTS.—V, rinary Surgeon with large ml ed _L practice wants a welt edii. ated PUPIL small premium Teg oired. —Address, V.S. •• Examiner' Office, Warringtpn.

- • OBACO' )141,TS commencing. 1;1'd, Gold (259 pages) 3cl.—TolLsocolilsTs' Co.. 186, Enston-roe 4 to, don Shon-fittersfr AA trades.- Manager, HY. MYER% hot. 1866;

(ZAN VIAI+Y Inspectors. Pupils Prep, re.l for Exam., Decemtier. Manchester; increasing vacancies.—A. LEONARD, 5. All Saints-st., B,lton.

------- 01GAtis and CIGARUTTES.—Agent WANTED IR every kj dist, jet to introdt.ce newly-imported woods. Samples post tre. on receipt of 25.—llaYstaND and CO., 16a, High street, Wavertree.

--- AGENTS WANTVD hir a Popular Friendly Society hooughont Lamas Ire; sue es, ul mon appointed Di net Managers at arty cl4tes —Address in confidence. MAN ER. one., of FIELDING 168 Frog-!ane, Wigan.

CIVIL and Plectri En,ineering.—Vacan,y for Pupil in the Pince of the Hogineer ao 1 SurYPifor to the Bar mouth thstriot Counll ; sewer ige waterworks. Sco. ; pr-par,- tion or proles -tonal examinAions. Address Mr. T. BLACK- Bumf. civil engineer, Bars Guth, North Wales.

wHITE LKAD WORKS —Wanted, a thnroughYy ex- perienced energetic and capable works MANAGER, accustomed to deal with a largo number of hands. Know- ledge of engineering and ehemit•try required —Arply, stating ago qual.ficationa and salary reg dred to Carbonate, •Ics.Tne, 1-1 EN r AND Co., 37. Walbrodc, London.ll.C.

31"ACK Z 1 E'S FE M ALE REMEDY. One cage guanstit-ed to remove the m.e-t 013.31INATE ,OBil RUC VICIIS and lI4tECIITLA WHIRS in 12 hours. HA i(33,Wd Nothing at nre Ist, It. FAi illre is impossible. Sel tam :ed er v-IoT e for PARTICULARS. Th,TI MOM; LS, and AD.vIOE. Curs is the most POWERFUL and sTLONLIRST Rem. dy Sold, and in no single rase has is ever failed —even In the most lengstaildhig, intriette, and lingeriou ea-es. Post tree, under rover, with written guArsia,ee of enre be. (five shillings). —Mrs. W. EN -MACKENZIE. Trafford House. 83. Dawes-road!, Felhsm, Loi:don. dention paper.

frII UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER. LI ITIID.—NOTICE IS FIRRIEBY GIVBN that a DIV,1)1114D A the rate of IIAUt tor the halt-year Ylldilqx the 30th Jone. 1895. free of income tax. has oeert declared. tot will to ayahle to the aim eliolders on ancl after the 10, h instant A. .1 FL ETCH tut, General Manager.

3rd JAY. 1895. ai.l.—The Transfer Books are closed till after the 10th ..inetant.

J. W. TEMPERLEY MUSIC S.EL EC R. 1, LOWLAND'S ROAD . RUNCORN. P AN 0 , ORGANS, VIOLINS, kl. 'furling and Repairs. All kinds of ?Minas in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orahestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS On RIMS and on Filliß-PURCHASB. OWE's (h AT CIALF, mANuFAcTUitsit'S STOCK OF

B.nSSINIorrFS AND LM:UST NOVELTIBS IN CARTS T.-11q AND FOT,LuivINo Tuyi. iivri:Nwq EMPORIUM, 80, DIiANGATII, MANDHESTISR

BOWNESS, WINUNRME RE, Albert Hotel. P +Hies catered for. Moderate charges. 7ariff on application. Near the lake.-11. DARwicx, Proprietor.

RAMBRY, ISLR OP MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BOA RD I G ESTABLISEMBNT. facing sea; near pier; tennis courts. golf. !cc. Table d' Hots 7. Tariff.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
i;i3Pl

atbe " eyamintr " Apertrt

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Mating under the Poflowing beads are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. , SITUATIoNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. bITUATIONS VACANT. PARTNERSHIPS WAN -ED, APARTMENTSWANTV.D, MONEY WANTED, PECIFIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 ........ 64 ....... The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted en credit under Zs. per Insertion.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
2lpartmentslffurnisbeb 3Dotistss,Srr.

SCARBOROUGH, APARTMHNTS at DEEPDALE HOUSE 31, New Queen-street, bath, sea view ; terms moderate.

OYLAKE.—To be Let, furnished or Apartments ; near shore and station (September or longer).—Apply CAMBRIAN VIEW, PI.ISSIa-/CRCI.

DOUGLAS, ISLR OF MAN.—Good, comfortable lodgings at 4 Grosvenor Road ; reasonable terms; take cab, (bait will be paid) drive to above address.

10LWYN BAY.— Pi e tsant and comfortable APART- ; MENI S ass Devi Es, Mtthven, Hawarden-road.

ATISS PLIMMER, Hydal Home, 18, Great Marton-road, Blackpool, near Central Station. Apartment 3. Piano.

(10LWYN and NORTE WALES COAST. For Furnished V.) houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

J3LACKPOOL.—MisB A. MATTREWMAN. 24, Adelaide- SI reet. near Central Station. Public and Private apart- ments.

nOUGLAS.-MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive. close to Sea. Trams pass.—Terms : Full board, 55. per day; Tea, Bed and Breakfast. 3s. 6d. ; Beds 2s. per night.

Bxussnr.s.—Board, Residence, and advantage of learn- ing French, splendid and lare house, beat situation, 3:43 per week.—lddine. DRAPIER, 87, Avenue Tolson d'Or.

I ) LACKPOOL—Visitorswill find comfortable APART- MENTS, with or without board at Mrs. t owEN's, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

BDLACKPOOL, superior APARTMENTS public an private; 6 sitting-rooms..faeMg the. sea, pi4nost bath ; terms

moderate.—Mß. promen!Oe..

WALTON. 10.

'a'yldesley ies race,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Eibt=gptorit, &T.

I IVE STOCK keepers.-9 rack/5 mixed e, rn for sale, room 1/ wanted, price 18s. the lot, ttamp,cl rd 'reined envelope for samolP. Storage "17 WinTOoME-st. tondo.. W.C. •

-12Ort Stab, a handsome HAY 'MAK K, 4 years pld, bred r by owner. brokPn to s .ddle and single and double har- ness. sound and hard, 153 high.—T. B. WATILINSON, Beech- God. Huddersfield.

BLAIR'S GOUT *AND RHEUMATIC riLLs

BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Pot RIIIIIINIATISNI, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT. LUMBAGO, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. SCIATICA. T'e acute pain quietly relieve d BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills . Sure. Sate, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price Is. lid. and Zs. 94. per Boa.

liatataantous.

LADY'S very pretty solid 9-carat Payments taken. Gold ALBERT, newest design. is well worth £3 103. Our price only 525. 6D

FRODSHAM.—FreehoId Detached House ON SALE, three sitting. five bedrooms, large gardens; rent £35. no chief ; price £soo.—BanLow, Church-lane, Sale.

BRASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates ,to.—CHABLES R. HALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

DUST RECIPE (cheapest method) for boiling hams for I/ flavour and freshness. Post tree Is.—PEAßeorr.Coffee Tavern, Leek.

FISH .--Send P.O. 2s 6d., 35., 3s 61., or ss. for Bass Fish cleaned, csrriage paid.— JNO„ ROBINSON, .TUNIOR, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

rpo Close an Estate.—Five HOUSES, off Great Homer-street all well let. Gross rental £39 ; freehold (no chiefs) , price £lBO.—J. COOPER, 96. Soho-street, Liverpool.

GOLF BALLS re-roade and guaranteed. Returned 2s. per dz. Unbreakablerlubs. the cheapest and best in the trade. Hole cutters, tins, flags, &x.—Weaaorr, Musselburgh.

1 ENUINH RECIPE for Making Wax Flowers for 2s 13- postal order (not stamps).— L. HALL. Balderton Newark, Notts.

VARTIIRNWARE and China.—Seconris, £2 crates; best, .E. 4 £3 ;or will send 15 dozen seconds articles tor 17s 6d. Write for liStS, WEBB and Co., Railway Passage. Longton, Staffordshire.

TOR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent—Apply J. LONGLAHD. Solieitor, ITnioo-st., Warrington.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Calicoes. Prints Stuffs, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirtings, &c., nib bundles, cheap. Price lists free.—W. CLARKSON, Pent Mer chant, Swaine..st Bradford, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY AUGUST 10,, 1895.4

===== 0002601_18950810_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
E,LECTRO -MASSAGE

(TROMAi. SYSTEM).

CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS :-

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD-STREET,

R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' MEIRCD OF TREATNIRNT.

EIECTRO-MASSAGE, IS LAIC CRO-11YDROPATHY, &c. Miss —, Liverpool, chrooic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion ; eighteen treatments. —C RED. Mr. —, Liverpool. bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUlt ED. Master—, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, /re. twenty treatments.—MUCH IMPROVED. Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele ; eigh- teen treatments.—CUßED.

Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight trestments.— ALMOST CURED. Mr. —, Bootle, varioocele, mental depression ; eighteen _ _treatments —C UR hi/

M-r:-=,--iive;;;;lT—Varicooele. nervous exhaustion, &e. twenty treatments—COM PLS.( E LY la:Kotula). Full particulars on 'application. Free consultation. H. H. Thomas, Spocialist, 22, Toro-street, Liverpool. hCTI.t It:1'1Y, as a 1 herapeuttc Agent, when scientifically appLui, actS as a STIMULANT, SFDITIV.S, TONIC.

THE Errhcri ARE—

IMPROVIMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE IMPROVEMENT IN DIORSTION AND ASSIMILATION RP:CILIA 'ION OF BOWELS; IMPROVNMENT VT CIRCOLATION, RELIEF OF BER- VOUsNES'i AND MENTAL DEPRESSION; INCRLASE IS VITAL FORCE AND NERVIi ENERG}Y.

twAve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. - Bold-street. Liverp,iol, complete nervous exbaus- tion. loss or vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments. FULLY RES OELill. Mr.—, St. .%,lichaers. nervous debility, chronic oonstina- tion or years standing, varicocelo ; two oourses of treat- ment, 1H0R.01.7611 FA CURED. Many of the above cases been considered topelesMy Incurable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS Pitt B. . . . .

One Resident Patient taken.

R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22. LORD-STEBBT, LITIIRPOOL.

L

===== 0002601_18950810_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WII. WORSLGY, sole proprietor, Tile Pantheon; Gaythorn, Manchester, close to Central Station. Established 1841. All City-roari cars pass the door, id. in or out. Inspection Invited.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
VOR BALE, or Exchange for Light Landau, WAG- GONETTE. in good condition movable top; also VICTORIA.—AppIy H STROTH rx, Mirfield.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED.

EADIVE3 ILLS. 107. Jubilee-terrace, Wolverhampt ori.road, VDU'S pILLS. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir,—l write to thank you T,IADE's pus, for the very great amount of benefit I have received from using your 114 marvellous Gout and lihenmattc Pills. lam glad to think f am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been linable to do so„ and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED.

GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall use RHE U MATIBM every endeavour to mak t your Pills more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, RHEUMA T I M E. GUEST. " Mr. G. Rade." EDE'S GOUT & RAIEUNIATIC PILLS.

Prepared only by George Eade, 72. GoswelLroad, London, and tio!.l by all Chens,sts, in Bottles. Is. lid. and 28.9 d.

WS GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

DR. FOX S I" JOCGFf AND VOICE WAFERS V i LIE GREAT REMEDY. FOR

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS 01, VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE

CHEST AND LUNGS. These irrvaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits ouly, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be t-tketi with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox, S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared onl by GEORGE BADE, 72. GOSWEL -ROAD LONDON, And sold everywhere n Tins is 11 ea:ch. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or Pastel Order.

sOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Moe, 166, ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from ES to £l,OOO On personal or other security. £l6. Repayable 6s. Weekly, Haire Charge 2e. 3d. vtlg .. 20e. ~PO £3 94. Od. 111 401. .. £.6 16s. Od. A,Lia. GORDON Massager.

•,--- ' /2111111 K

===== 0002601_18950810_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Tub: EXA 'A/1014'g.

The Development THE "scramble for Africa _____._,--------------r-c-riS if) la of Africa. now a well understood P--ahr „ids • England, as this country the foremost place amongst the half-dozen Iliess validcompetitors who are putting in more d u of the Dark Continent for th easy . B e t blnuatppirfopivrioateird sPyld°, ,-, from the proceedings at the International ure.i in phieal Congress which is being held last wee e- L n 9.. London, the tropical parts of Africa—for tee .°os session of which there is a rather delle6.l.°r- rivalry between Great Britain, France, an' esil he my people not be such valuable "quisitions expect them to be. TheY real de the means of opening up new channels o but i f it' 2f oses i' 1 t seems evident that for the purp colonization the overflowing Ang 10-Saxon race vi 11li a America, still have to look to Australlsia' 8 • ao South Af • rica. According to Sir Joart iwac.! of eminent e _African explorer, there is no possibilitYro_ . 1 Europeans colonizing West Africa with b the A ,P,.iets ' -4"." 1, able exception of German Southwest as - which is believed to have a tolerable eliwatevie well as mineral and agricultural resources. ye maritime zones and indeed all districts which P sre, I not an elevation of at least five thousand feet d it appears, out of the question. On the other hallshillgi :: ere are elevated plateaux on which ErigiL n- or Germans could live so far as climate ''' eicible ' corned, but even here the colonists attacks of malaria which are capable ef be : down the strongest constitution. It must '€) r ,1151); ' however, that Mr. H. M. STANLEY, who) it WIT h admitted, should know tropical Africa as wtbit• any man, ridiculed the idea that it is u"i11-A-, of able for white:men. Ho holds with the vier— • Shakespeare that " All places that the eye of heaven , Are to the wise man ports and hapPY ba"l„lso.ars He had spent between twenty and thirtY, on this dangerous continent and yet felt 3:5 hia as if he had never been there. The secret al irg. : opinion lay in understandine. the art c'f Alicper ' The young Britons who went to Africa ae- tlfied , tell s.iste.4 in the methods of living that are Prac :lb England and Scotland rarely returned °or - eir experiences. But let them exereise,•ble monsense, and they would tint it as rs-liis Is live in Central Africa as in India or the nr`lt."l,;ere fact,Mr.STANLEY defended Africa as though iiiiision the" apple of his eye," so to speak,and his abed:.t-tiiag to Os , to the' army of pessimists " who were its capabilities was more forcible than °li P,.„ whole eminent colleagues ~, at the Congress. ' f the of the discussion afforded a very good il'icilupoo absorbing attention that is being centre adiag SO a the leto tbe Africa at the Present time by n countries iri Europe. What America was tnil colonising nations of Europe duriog last c6l--„niily Africa is in this and there are occasionani ous signs that it may easily become as grea cause of contention. -440 -

SATURDAY, AtrousT 10,1895.

Mr. Gl.4ostone Mr. GLADSTONE, OVell I. and Armenia. tirement, is still ths fp' os to advocate a :man in England. Thi strongly emS Net 06 gpaihnasaipzpedearebdy Chester on Tuesday, at WlliCh „mo public plativiro in eloquent language the cans° °boo oppressed people. The Armenians could force secured on Sr. their no more powerfnl champion to rip claim for aid aLd protection upon the tis li nation. The meeting was looked for Wart, tr. with a remarkable amount of interest. 5.'4 :0 sands of applications for permission to be Prt3" were received from all parts of Great Britain, s'cio sums of money varying from two to flys 1)°,,111:00 were freely offered for tickets. Mr. Gml)°l-heerl ' reception by the gathoring,which would hav's t en times larger if there had been the Ilse°sno accommodation, was extremely enthusiasti°' no sense of the word was the I meeting a PotY-fics, I than was presided over by the DUKE of WrzsTrass sr. dan whom no man was so bitterly opPos'd tc ':,oor LADSTONE'S Rome Rule policy, and the 131 ore of CHESTER who on general party questions is identified with Toryism than Liberalism, t'cl°oo prominent part in it. The sole object vrhic,ll,, scii,s promoters of the meeting sought to accomPbe ro, the strengthening of the movement for the lithe tiOD of Armenia from the atrocious tyrannY °f,.00 Turks, and there can, we believe, be no quiest d that the meeting has aDsvrerecould purpose to the fullest extent that hoe have been anticipated. Both and abroad Mr. GLADSTONE'S burning 1 in nation has been infectious, and in this cotilltilhly particular public opinion has been $o tlioronrageo aroused on the question that the set t Govs.ll/°0 ~61 will be fully supported in whatovor be necessary to prevent a repetition of the i I'nalies ble atrocities of which the mountains 511.1 ~e 00 of Armenia have lately been the scene. 3

iOOlllCh9

j

I

TI

===== 0002601_18950810_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tr n 9 r

===== 0002601_18950810_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
1

; ;

G ,

tIl!q ~ 1

new gone by when any doubt could be thrown aPon the substantial accuracy of the descriptions of massacre and outrage which have appeared in tha Press from time to timeit was because of the lerY nature of the crimes imputed to the Sultan and his subordinates that the reports were at first 4°elved with scepticism in many quarters. People Were loth to believe that the Turks or even their 35tage auxiliaries the Kurds could be so merciless Ita they were said to be. But, as was pointed out s:l9 the DERE of WESTMINSTER, the worst details ave been confirmed by several different parties— YaPecial correspondents of the Press, from priv- tte sources, and from reports of the Commissioners seat out by Russia, Fran,e and England. It is 1‘317 believed on good grounds that no fewer than ten thousand defenceless Armenians—men, ralea and children—have been massacred, and .1:Ira/my cases after unmentionable outrages had eels. Perpetrated upon the vitinas. The evid2nce aplnst the Turk as the ruler of the Christians of :fnnenia could, as Mr. GLAD3TONE declared in one au the Most effective passages in his speech, he rapitned up in four words—plunder, murder, ,Q-Pe and torture. "Every incident," added Mr. 0;41331"n) "turns upon one or other or upon all those awful words. Plunder and murder you ;ranid think bad enough, but plunder and murder rae.ahnost venial by the side of the work of the felit,„Bller and the work of the torturer as it is now Tia and authentically known to have gone on." tnsm elairns which the Armenians have upon an at the present time are not merely those pec:ltnork humanity—of a weak and helpless Pe nPon a strong and civilised nation, for they in addition point to the treaty obligations the eh England voluntarily entered into to protect T;lni_ against misrule. In 1878 the SULTAN of lie rf''eY Signed a treaty with this country by which ilk ;Ind himself to give effect to certain reforms thie-ntlilania• If these reforms were not effected 1111trY had the right of interference. There jto flerefore, be no question that, apart alto- uudiler from sentiments of humanity, England is dee 6r a distinct obligation to see that Armenia is s.reently governed, or at all events that its people tfts,A not subjected at frequent periods to the -""Ler mercies of Kurds and Bashi-bazouks.

kjadge Hughes has been writing to the daily eCBPaPers lately to urge the need of temper- Of course the temperance reform ixicil,ch he is in favour of is not that which was em- t„.leclin the Local Veto Bill, but that which has tilus'eited the imprimatur of Mr. Chamberlain and luil° BiehoP of Chester. There is one passage in inn pep Rughes' letter which is of interest to tem- tit-411ce reformers of every shade of opinion. He tj'‘‘ 48 my excuse, if needed, for my anxiety on Buhiect, may add that no month passes on circuit that I have not to make at least a ttil"red committals of debtors to prison for terms iet„,4i1143 from one to six weeks in cases which I can Is'arlY trace to the baleful influence of the present n A* aS to licences for the sale of beer and spirits. this is going on more or less in every county 'art of the United Kingdom." There could be no /nor, ~ conclusive evidence than this that reform of 41cluor traffic is Urgently needed. e annual Speech Day at the Warrington Gram- -1,74c School was as successful this year as on pre- ahicille occasions, and the Headmaster's report ed a large number of successes won by past tii"Q Present scholars. The honour of distributing t PrlzeB was not this time conferred upon a dis- tleiguislied outsider, but fell upon a well-known i:tiscaart, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. It was per- ,1,71) on the whole not unnatural under the circum- ;elaces that Mr. Carleton should enlarge on the ad- lit,,lttalZes of endowments and of endowed institu- ill Endownaents,he tells us are "a kind of charity tp.tich we all participate and which we all accept hal,s-cnit elaY feeling of humiliatign," There is per- 1r little objection to be taken to this latest 4-nitimi of endowments, if the wtrd " all " had %left out, as that word is rather too inclusive• ;matters are at present arranged it is by no means the crtnmunity which benefits from these , and there is a slight difference of opinion ad. "c whether all the charities are used to the best ts7antage -Pie- 'or has been very bugy with Mr. Rpbert P°illt'e name for a week or two. It was 14,,,k1 With great confidence that Warrington's Ot °lilt" had been made a foreign consul somewhere laea°l-,;"--Egypt or Cyprus for preference. The a'GrY leaders however said they knew nothing *ll°o4 the acceptance of office by Mr. rierpoint, and Pq3i.tl the latter gentli-msn was telegraphed to .he tetniel that he "knew nothing of the report," which People persisted in regarding as a rather ther:tll4tie denial. On the whole, however, t4Oiltitile(l°eB not seem to be much foundation report, and probably the Government will 444 btliet they are able to get along in Cyprus t 7448 ''''43'pt without Mr. Pierpnnt's assistance. It taokt eaid, however, that some of the local Tories to lithe report seriously onou2ll and even begun t:op:etise in an informal way the names of possible I.;,t,"'"titive candidates. including those of Mr. J. 01,4„rt,' Mr. R. Davies, Malor Walker, and even North the well-known millionaire who was w"et Leeds by Mr. Herbert Gladstone. '°ltic RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

t tt --- s‘qtiti.oll, Workhouse Dutton. on Tuesday afternoon,the Meeting Of this Council was held under the of Mr. J. Mclntyre, J.P. ,There were al so PL-414-811-17,1e2sts• J. Knowles. T. towis, T. Wright, J. L. /73,0;nr::, • Pickering, W Bradford, J. Pilling, H. E. .1. M. Willsams, J. Darhyshire, T. Dirlington, Id, S. Woodward, J. Brandreth. J. W.Baguley , olteritc.r7, C.C.' J. A.,llton (clerk), W. Hough (deputy Adams (me•iical offic-r), Messrs. Diggle and -l'ettoii.(suryeyors), and Mr. Farrington (nuisaucu in-

... ~e 11:1 NS ATISFA C. TOgy DR c DRINKING WATER. t•-k 111at.17 Of the Chi-stare County ounc wrote stat- rilltvt,2 had been instructed by the Public Health is"alltollcilVo enquire what steps the Rural District ‘, taken, or proposed t. take, to prevent the t,:llYsj 4,llhreitted by them to the county analyst for ,4 1'44 'luring the quarter ending 3lst March last, and ll,trifet,,bY hint to be unfit for domestic purposes, being t:i.ll sentetleb purposes. The Inspector stated that ho `4eos;irtjle Particulars ask ,d for, and Dr. Vacher had '"ged the receipt thereof. 1), tlt,"' Ada DISEASE AT WESTON POINT. y.illtrkci ~,ZIS IRPOII.I tint a case of scarlet fever had tqt,llet at', Weston Point. Measles had also been pre. 13,,weshi,„ 7 eston Point. The school holidays at this tilfgeq,:: (lad been extended for another week at his byttqd"rl: The epidemic appeared to be subsiding.— tOt.. Zlleel in the motion of Mr. Brandreth,seconded iat ra'rles, that the usual order of the Council for the schools be made out. I'll tliit,..l" Nu- ANALYSES OE WATER. tn„nl R. .28anoe Inspector reported that he had sub- sp-411tr "ilrlpie of water from a well at S:retton to the kle'ciAdnllet. and the report was unsatisfactory,—lt 7.91111. i. en that the report be sent to the owner with a l'esiati.in that the. supply be improved. Certiti• I:tl,aleaes of water from the Workhouse, and two .")rn li.)ck Sivaif-, Clifton, were read. 'Clio . reported as good, and the Hick Savage 't• l,r domesti,i n..... 'fICAI. NEW HOUSES. At) qOf ocotlp-,tn w-re signed for a new house t 4 II- irk for Dr. l',iric-r, and als, trir new, the It ,n Dish. Ftodshain, for Mr. J. IN . i, Th 4 W lIITLEY INFERIOR HOUSE. ' 4•lltil'' L I,i;'rik. In4IMIOr renorted on the conditio,i of a ' a": Z 4 ni4e I"Y itl riv p f.rint. It was a one-roo,l !acl . gill thr "'"iii. crOid ti ed. it 0" 11. hiliit,d by heir adf.111:1 4 (et7l iklliton. II hiq,n)iriilri it, was 11111 •Or ii-ti'i • iti',e9tt, -4-12111; it Was ac ,e f.ir tii, medic it iiili tPr ti) . tll4ltedt!,(3::-.-It was decide th it the bowie should 1:0 . 1,11:14)tt' ,Dke medical ofti ~.r, an t 1 repirt pr.,sented at ,ipLneeting. The bwiines3 of pn't'i'... i•it.!ns:.

It[oi )qt,) Ikt, r)f 10,1)D!,..,8 Pty. *4.." -kp„ 8.4 eott.• At

===== 0002601_18950810_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AN]) WIDNES.

FORTHCOMING CHOIR SERMONS. The Primitive Methodist Chapel choir sermons will be preiched on Sunday morning and evening by Mr. J. Peters, of Buckley. The choir will render special music, and collections on behalf of the choir fund will be taken at each service.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
TONIC SOLFA COLLEGB.-LOCAL SUCCESSES. -

At the quarterly examinations held in connection with the:above in June last, Miss Hannah Moores a Runcorn, and Mr. Edward Owen Evans of Widnes. weri success- ful in passing for the matriculation certificate. FOUR CHILDREN AT A BIRTH.

The wife ot Mr. James Clarke, who is employed at the Salt Union Works, Weston Point, and resides at the riolloway, Runcorn, gave birth to two sons and two diughters on Saturday All the children were stillborn. The mother is plogressing favour- ably. MISSION SERVICES AT RUNCORN.

Open air ;WC; in connection with Camden Mission Band, Runcorn, were held on Sunday. Mrs. Harrison and Miss Nellie Wright conducted A service held is Prince-st.,while at that in Cooper-st. Messrs. John Dean and T. Heath, ably assisted by several friends,officiated. There were good congregations, and the addresses given were of an interesting description. Solos were occa- sionally sung. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. . .

Owing to Bata—Yo—lidaY.,—Cli-es—e—sessio-Os were not held until Tuesday, when the magistrates who occupied the bench, were :—Mr. T. Handley (chairman) and Mr. E. Imison.—The license of the Prospect Inn, Weston, was transferred from William Owen to John Vase, and a transference of the Weaver Hotel license was made for John Vase to Oliver Dunbavin.—William Horatio Fletcher, a painter, of Runcorn was committed to gaol for one month on account of arrears, amounting to over £3, on a mainteaance order made by the magistrates in April last. STATIONS OF LOCAL WESLEYAN__MINISTESS,

The following local stations of Wesleyan ministers have been confirmed :—Runcorn, Thomas Brackenbury (superintendent), William George Walton), C. de P. Gliddon (Frodsham), Robert Renton, who shall change on two Sundays in every quarter with the ministers of the Runcorn circuit, Frederick F. Edmunds, supernu- merary; Widnes, John W. Silcox, Charles J. Preston ; Sc. Helens and Prescot, William Harrowsmith, John Bartley. The letter of resignation through ill-health from the Rev.'. Lile Stone who was staticned at Halton, was received with regret by the Conference, and a letter of sympathy was ordered to be sent to him.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CADETS OF TEMPERANCE PICNIC..

The annual picnic in connection with the Runcorn Cadets of Temperance was held on Saturday, when a large number proceeded to Overton Hill. The following ladies and gentlemen accompanied the trippors, and did everything to contribute to the happiness and success of the treat :—Mesdames Cook and Bisbrown, Messrs. Edward Key, Thomas Whyte, Thomas Cooke, John Jones, George D. Holt, and Daniel Bisbrewn. An excel- lent tea was provided by Mrs. Parker,at Mersey View,to which full justice was' done. After tea a variety of games was indulged in, and nuts and sweets were given to the children. The weather was fine, and the young- sters enjoyed themselves very much,the party returning home soon after nine o'clock.—At a meeting of the Cadet Committee, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Cooke, it was moved by Mr. Edward Key, and seconded by Mr. Thomas Whyte, that the best thanks of the society be given to those gentlemen who had so generously given the treat. This was supported by Mr. Bisbrown in terms of warm appreciation and unanimously passed.

BANK HOLIDAY AT RUNCORN.

There was a general exodus from Runcorn on Bank Holiday. There were no attractions whatever in the town, and conEe7quently the inhabitants proceeded in large numbers by rail and water to pastures new. An excursion along the Bridgewater Canal to London Bridge and Grappenball under the auspices of the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Mission to Seamen, was exceed- ingly well patronised. Two boat loads of excursionists left Top Locks, Runcorn, about nine a.m. During the journey light refreshments were provided, and at Grap- penhall an excellent tea was partaken of in the schoolroom. The excursirmists took advantage of the permission of Mr. R. A. Naylor to inspect the grounds connected with his residence, which is a short distance from the Latchford Locks. Runcorn was reached in the evening about nine p.m., a very enjoyable day having been spent. A word of praise is due to Mr. William Shaw (missionary) for his excellent arrangements. About 150 persons departed from Run- corn by rail, to North Wales, 350 to Liverpool, 130 to Chester, and over 500 to Frodsham. The weather at Runcorn was fine until about six p.m. when rain fell heavily, and continued until about mid-night. THE NEW VOTERS' LISTS FOR RUNCORN.

It will be well for every Liberal in Runcorn to ex- amine the new list of electors for Runcorn North and South, and to see if his name is placed thereon and pro- perly described. The lists will be found affixed to the church and chapel doors and other public places. It may be stated that the register for 1895, up to the present, contains the names of 3,179 persons, as against 3,212 in 1894.. The numbers in the respective wards are as follows :—Halton ward, 1894, 384 ; 1895, 371 •, Mersey ward, 531, 524 ; Central ward, 772, 732 ; Bridgewater ward. 583, 576 ; Newtown ward,s6B, 556 ; Heath ward, 374, 421. It will be noticed that with the exception of the latter ward there is a decrease in the number of electors as compared with 1894.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD- AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT,

This week some plain words must be said about the co-operators of Runcorn and district, who on Tuesday evening seemed to be doing anything but co-operating for the welfare of the society of which they are members. There seemed to be a total lack of co-operation and a disposition to divide into two camps, those on the Cheshire side of the river form- ing one, and those from Widnes, another. If this practice is continued it will end in a split. The Runcorn Society is parent of the numerous branches which have been established in the dis- trict, and which now number 14. Its career has been a most prosperous one and a credit to al: con- cerned, but if any feeling exists amongst the With flea members that they couid manage the affairs better themselves, it would appear to be a wiser course to see if some amicable arrangement could be made rather than to allow this antipathy to con- tinue.

At a meeting of the members on Tuesday, there was quite an unnecessary amount of squabbling about the revision of the rules. As a matter of fact the revised rules which have been laboriously pre• pared by the authorised committee, have not yet been submitted to the members for their inspection, and it was apparently idle and mischievous to discuss and forecast them. A matter which added not a little piquancy to the situation was the information that a voluntary committee at Run- corn had been revising rules for themselves, and what was more, this voluntary committee was elected to supersede the committee which had been authorised to do the work. What ,a "shine '' there will be on the 20th, when a special meeting for the revision of rules is held !

One of the most remarkable features of this very remarkable meeting was the resolution which was carried to increase the dividend from 2s. 9d. to 34. in the The former sum was recom- mended by the committee, and would have allowed of a small sum being added to the reserve fund. But this recommendation was thrown to the winds ' and it was decided to increase the dividend as stated at the expense of the reserve fund. Over £5OO will thus be taken from this fund, and the least that can be said of it is, that a bad precedent has been set. There was no doubt as to who were in- strumental in carrying the proposition—it was the women, who formed DO small part of the andience, and judging by the enthusiasm with which they took up the proposition,one couldn't but think that they would have acted just the same had the pro- posed increase been one of Is, 31.

The flower carnival and lantern parade, pro- moted by the members of the Runcorn Cycle Club, and to be held next Wednesday promises to be a success. If the various cycle clubs in the dis- trict who have promised assistance, fulfil their obligations, there will be quite a picturesque medley on wheels. The tail end should prove most laughable for there is to be represented Muldoon's picnic party and the Darktown fire brigade. In addition to the cyclists,there will be a lifeboat exhibited, and other attractions. Three or four bands will also be in attendance. The pro- ceeds are to be devoted to two most worthy object one-half being for toe benefit of the Runcorn Dis- trict Nurse Fund, and the other half for the National lifeboat Institution. Neither of these institutions needs words of commendationoind it is to IN hoped that our local wheeler, will be encour- aged in their tiforLs by a li ;wet response by the public.

ELECTION PT.:LIMNS.

A petiti.iii tIdS beeo torloe.l zAtriAt the re.urn of Mr.M. Fowler (Liheo.ii) for D irhnn. Rig msjority WaS Only one, :Ind 1,14 Liberal Unionist optihnent, for a 1,("0.111t 11(i ChliM4 th A, petition Mts alao liven !.iy Mr. Cremer iipainst tho retort' of Mr. LOWleg tor Haggerston, and OOP hy Sir F.'''. van azhinst the ',town tha Unionist caNdiciatel at Southampton. It is stAted that the Liberals intend petitioning ag4inet the re' urn of Colonel Foster for the Ltne.aster division lon the groan(' of bribery. and treating.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATUROAY, AUGUST 10 1895

Mr. Dudley' remarks were an insult, and he could say that the members ot the committee were as honest as Mr. Dudley.—Mr. Dudley said ha would leave it to the . .

audience W j udae of his remarks. He mentioned no one, . . .

it was the ClaZman who took it to himself. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Watson said he was in favour of paying their servants a fair rate of wages, but when they had increased to the catent they had done, he thought the matter should be looked into.—Mr.W. Worthington said when the business increased the wages would increase, but during the last half-year the business had decreased and the wages on the other hand increased.—Mr. Holt referred to the increased ' bomber of branches as being elle reason for the advance in the wages' list. When he joined the Board he found there was a number of young men who were working for 7s. and Bs. per week, and when they be- came men they only received 225. and 235. a week. He and Mr. Bayle took the matter in hand, and now every ernploó in connection with the establishment was paid trade union wages. (Applause.) Were they any the worse off ?—A workman : We are 3d. dividend less.— Mr. 1:10it : But you have better servants.—At this point Mr. Holt was called to order by the Chairman. He en- deavoured to proceed but owing to the uproar he was compelled to take his seat.—Mr. Watson, on rising to speak, was told by the Chairman that he would not bear anything further without there was a motion. It had been well discussed.—Mr. Watson said he was desirous of referring to the item of

REPAIRS. He stated that the amount paid for repairs in the half. year was £319 23. 11id., and in the previous half-year £428 lie. °'d. or a tutal of £747 13s. He thought that was a large amount, seeing that they took 31 per cent. off for depreciation.—Mr. Holt said he was an obstrap• erous member of the committee and he supposed he would be so there. He might say that when he came upon that Beard he found some of the property in a dilapidated condition. The Finance Coimuitten con- sidered the matter and a system was started by which two shops were repaired each six months. Mr. Holt was interrupted at this point and did not proceed further.

I

===== 0002601_18950810_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIE ry.

ANNUAL MEETING.-LIVELY PRO CEEDINGS.

In the Public Hall, Runcorn. on Tuesday evening, the annual meeting of the Runcorn Co-operative Industrial and Provident Society, Limited, was held, and the pro- ceedings were characterised by a considerable amount of warmth. For over three hours there were animated dis- cussions on different matters relating to the society, and in which there was generally a crossing of swords by the Widnes and Runcorn members. The meeting was of a representative character, and the audience included a considerable number of women. The society consists of 3,996 members, and in submitting the half-yearly statement of accounts, a summary of which was given in our last issue, the comnaittee recommended a divi- dend of 2s. 91. in the 2, which would leave a balance of £3B 3s. 71(1 to be carried to the reserve fund. Mr. D. Worthington was voted to the chair, and he was accom- panied on the platform by Messrs. Holt, W. Rhodes, W. Cropper, J. Sayle, and J. ' Rogerson (members of the general committe,.), Mr. W. Upton (secretary), and Mr. Jonah Evans (manager).

THE FIRST BREEZE. All was plain soling until the minutes of a special meeting which was held at Widnes, came to be con- firmed. Mr. Watson rose, and stated that he wished to call the attention of the members to a contravention of the rules which had taken place. He read an extract from the rules in which it stated that any ten members could call a special meeting, and notice of the meeting, with the business to be transacted should be sent to each member within six days of such meeting. He contended that the fixing of the fees for the members of the com- mittee appointed to revise the rules of the society was not given notice of,and was therefore illegal.—The Chair- man said the previous speaker's criticism was fair and straightforward. If they could do one irregular thing at a special meeting they might do two, three, or four. But the question was, as the thing had been done, how could they get out of the difficulty ?—Mr. Watson hoped the members would bear in mind what had- been said, for he should move a resolution when the balance sheet came to be considered regarding the cost of the revision of rules.—Mr. Goodier considered that the Runcorn members bad not been treated fairly with regard to the special meeting at Widnes. They were entirely ignored. He proposed a resolution "That this meeting relieves and discharges from their duties all the members of the revising com- mittee appointed at the special meeting held at Widnes and that their amended rules be not accepted.--Mr. Dudley stated that he understood from the balancesheet, that a special meeting for the revision of rules was to be held at Ruricorn on the 20th August. He thought they were already holding that meeting.—The Chairman said the meeting could now alter, amend or rescind any of the minutes of the special meeting. If they were now confirmed they could not be altered afterwards.—Mr. Dudley said the revision committee thought it better to leave the revision of rules over until the special meeting. Each member would then be furnished with a copy of them, and they could then be fully considered. He pro- posed that the minutes of the sp-icial meeting be passed as read.—Mr. Wilkinson seconded the amendment.—Mr. Walter Worthington in order to test the feeling of the meeting seconded the proposition made by Mr. Goodier. —Mr. Moorea said if the rules were brought before the members and discussed at the Ispeeial meeting it would be far better. It was very wrong for Mr. Watson to propose that the rules be abolished before the members knew something of them.—Mr. Watson : I have not suggested anything of the kind.—The Chairman said Mr. Moores was the first to make a discourteous remark. Their society was a democratic institution, and every- thing was left in the hand of the members. He would now put the amendment to the meeting.—Mr. Dudley again rising, said the members did not know what they were asked to condemn.—A Voice : He has been on his feet three or four times.—The Chairman : You waist some seese before you speak.—A Member : The Chairman is taking one view of the case.—A Lady Member : What is it for ? (Laughter)—The Chairman : You ladies must not talk and chatter, we are here for business —(Laughter.)—On being put to the vote, a shower of hands went up both for the amendment and resolution and the Chairman said he did not know which had it.—Mr. Rogerson said he had kept his seat as long as he possibly could, and he must say that the members did not know what they were comdemning. They elected a certain number to do a certain work, and that had been done to the best ability of the men selected. As to the payment of the men in question, if the meeting had power to elect them to do their duty they had also power to fix the remuneration. The members did not even know what amended rules were until they were brought before them.—The discussion was then proceeded with without let or hindrance.—Mr. B. Kniveton in the course of a few remarks said it seemed to him that the meeting was in the dark concerning the rules. He thought it would be wise to defer the matter until the adjourned meeting and in the meantime to supply every member with a copy of the proposed new rules.—Mr. Walter Worthington did not disagree with the resolution being withdrawn. He then referred to the fart that the rules revision commit- tee's expenses were £l6, and informed the meeting that a number of the members at Runcorn had formed them- selves; into another committee and had revised the rules, but their PXtIPTISPS had only been £1 15s. He then sug- gested that this unau'horised committee's rules should be printed and presented to each member.—After some further animated discussion, Mr. Watson stated that the rules which had been prepared by the authorised re- vised committee were in the interests of Widnes. It was proposed to take power from the Runcorn members and plane it in the hands of the Widnes members. were they going to allow that ?—(" No ")—He should say a thousand times; no ; let them stick to their own. He had had the privilege of seeing what the voluntary com- mittee's eules were, and he thought they should he placed side hg side with the authorised committee's rules—Mr. Holt said he was responsible for the resolu- tion that the rules be reviemi. He was appointed on the committee. but he never intended the constitution of the encietv to be altered. He intended to stick to the society as organised, viz the Runcorn Co-operative Society. They were not ening to have the name taken from them. There was nropersv on the Vsidnes side of the river be- binning to the society which was not worth a quarter of its valee. Would the Widnes members buy it from them ? They would only be ton glad to sell it them.— Mr. Willen : It seems that this is not a meeting of co- eneretrire hut a question of Runcorn versus Widnes.— Several cries of s• Vete " followed, and the Chairman appointed Mr. John Stubbs and Mr. Mayhew, tellers.for the purpose of counting the votes For the adoption of the minutes as read, there voted 14 ; and for the motion to diseharge the members of the Revising Committee, etc 63. One or two members arose and stated that the pro. openings were not in order, hut the Chairman said the whole riff dr seemed to him to he settled.—Mr. Holt said he wee not going to be hoodwinked like that. The date fixed for cersidering the rules was the 20,h of August, and it was impossible for that meeting to annul them.- 05r. Werthing'on proposed thnt the voluntary revision cemmitees; eitsine in Runcorn he the revision committee of the society ant, that the revised and amended rules be Printed and considered at a special meeting to be held no the 20'h Aneuet. An amendment was proposed by Mr. B. Hniyeton that the business set forth on the haleness sheelehe proceeded with—Mr. Moores seconded. —On the orieinal proposition being seconded, Mr. Wil- kinson urged that it was entirely out of order. Discus- sion, however. continued for some time, and on a vote brine. i.afren, Mr. Worthington's proposition was carried by 84 to 7. A COMMITTEE MAN ASKED TO EXPLAIN. Mr. Watson Faid that, from a report. he saw that one of the committee men had only made 16 out of a possible 37 elleneances et committee meetings —Mr. Rogerson, the committee Mntl alluded to. was asked by the Chair- man to explain.—While not admitting that the figures were eorrect, he st-ated that he had been sick on several occasions!, End with regard to theothers, he was work- ing daring the night time and could net attend.—Mr. Watson expressed himself satisfiefi with the explanation.

COMMITTEE'S FEES. Mr. Ita-110,- asked for an explanation of the exnencli- tUlP Of £l.O 6.. in fees for committee men. The Chair- man exnlained the amount allowed committee men when nurchaaing or doing other work for the society. from which M . Dudley made a deduction that it was 61.6 d. A Lis , —in male, to another question by Mr. Dudlav,the society stated that the roet of two visits by the commit- tee to Balfourst . was £2 13a. TILE INCREASE IN TEE WAGES' LIST. Mr. Watson in calling attention to the amount paid in wage., said he WES in favour of paying their servants a fair rate of wage.. hut it appeared to he increasing by leans and hounds during the last four or five years. If It went on he did not know where it was going ta land them. Re thought it accounted for the 2s. 9d. dividend Instead of 3s. The WAffOA fn- the half year were £2,010 12.. Fl.. against £1.845 49. 7d., the previous half year, or an increnee of £165 7.. 61. Tn the balance sheet for the halt yea r endint. Jane 30, 1890, he found the tak- irms were about £6,000 less than in the pa. half year. hut the wages were only £l.lBl 19.. or £B2B 131. id. les( than at prevent. Tie thought it was a mat- ter which should he looked into.—Mr. Dudley wished to know whether the £2OO increase in wages dur- ing the half year had been caused by a systematic advance to the older servants, or had it been given in a lIMITI sum for the henefi .1 of a snecial set.— The Chairman said the answer to that seemed Co belong to hinnr, relations. He could say that his son who worked av R,st counter hand at the Newtown shop only received 22;. a week. Re thought he deserved more. (Hear, hear.)—Mr.B.Kniveton said that meetinl was rather a new Ptcnceence to him. He was deenlv pained tra hear a number of workingmen qoarrelling over wages. He wond,,red what tort of employers they would he. Fie hid been told that workingmen made the worst masters, and when he heard workingmen that night trying to make capital out of the wages paid he tweeted they had a reason for it.—The Chairman said

===== 0002601_18950810_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE STATIONERY ACCOUNT.

Attention was called by Mr. Watkins to the large item for stationery, which amounted to £134 3s. For the same period in 1890 the expense in stationery was £53 18s. 80., so that now it had been nearly trebled. He would like to ask the secretary how he accounted for the enormous increase, and also whether it was correct that the secretary was in the habit of sending by post the balance sheets to different persons.—A lAehaber : Has he . had one ?—Mr. Watkins : 1 had te fetch mine, and other people should do the same.—Mr. Upton (secretary) stated that the tenders were sent out for large amounts, and consequently in one half-year the amount paid might be much larger than another. The second question was something new to him. He sent a few balance sheets out by post to other societies, but they were in return for the balance sheets he received from them. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Watson did not consider the answers satisfactory but a member of the audience stated that they were, and the Chairman said the matter had been considered hufficieuLly.—mr. Watson pressed for a further explanation, but tie was told to bold his tongue, and the matter then dropped. Mould) THE MONEY BS RETURNED?

_ Mr. Watson then moved a resolution Gnat the sum of RN 93. 9d. paid to the revision committee tor their ser- vices be refunded by them. He stated that it was an illegal payment and contrary to rule.—Mr. W. Worth- ington seconded, and stated th at the Runcorn voluntary committee did exactly the same work and it only CO6C £l. 15s. including the rent of the ruom.—Mr. Dudley op- posed the resolution,and held that if the rules as amended by the committee were carried out, the society would gain the money expended, in less thau six months. He contended that it was not an enormous sum. For men who had gone from Runcorn and Widnes and made 16/. attendances the sum of EH 9s. 9d. was not very much. He thought it was a disgrace to the society that such a resolution should be proposed.—Mr. finivetoit said it was most unfair to refuse to carry out any understanding that had been made with the committee. If the com- mittee was appointed:by theemem bora and their fees were settled at the meeting, and if the work had been done, they were in duty bound, as honest men, to pay them. (Hear, hear.) Assuming that it was an illegal act to fix the fees, there was a moral rule--there was equity. Another member also spoke against the proposition.— Mr. Holt then rose to speak but he was met with cries of "Sit down." He continued standing for a short time , amidst general uproar, but eventually resumed his seat. —The Chairman said there should be no more discus- sion on the resolution, which on being put to the vote, was lost by a large majority, only a few bands being held up in support of it.

QUESTIONS FOR THE COMMITTEE. Mr. Dudley wished to know why the committee would keep capitalising interest ? The society only got 4 per cent, and yet they were paying 5 per cent. £lOO a year was being lost.—The Chairman thought the matter should be left to the committee of management. They had, of course, to invest the people's money. It was one part of co-operation. He should put a proportion into the Wholesale Society, but it did not do to have too many eggs in one basket. He knew there were several members of their own Society willing to pay five per cent, on the allotments system. The matter would be considered.— In reply to another question by Mr. Dudley as to whether they would not be overdrawing the account to the ex- tent of £1,300 by the paymenz of the dividends, the Chairman said that had been arranged for.—Mr. Watson in referring to the banking account said the amount al- lowed in interest was £32 03. 10d., while the bank chareed £54 Sc. Id. commission. That was a loss of £22 4s. 31., and he was told by Mr. Yates, the auditor, that they could get a cheaper commission rate.—The Chairman said everything went through tne, bank for safety, and it was worth the cost in commission. THE RESERVE FUNDAND.THE DIVIDEND . .

Mr. Holt who had some difficulty in getting a hearing said he wished to increase the dividend. They had heen laughing at him all night, but very likely they would laugh on the other side of their face just now. He wanted to show them how they could pay 3. instead of the 2s. 91. as suggested. (" Of course you can)." They had got a reserve fund of over £3,000. That had been accumulated for tha benefit of the members of the society. He contended that when they had experienced such a year of depres- sion in trade, they should dip into this reserve fund. It was never more wanted than at the present time. He proposed that the dividend be 3s. in toe £. (Applause. chiefly by women.)—Mr. Willan, in seconding the pro- position, stated that in his opinion the buying &part- ment was in a bad state. He referred to the price paid for some articles as compared with that paid by other societies.—The Chairman said the dividend was increased at the last meeting at his suggestion, but there was then a balance in hand. They "did not interfere with the reserve fund. It the present proposition was carried it would mean taking £5OO or £6OO fr. an the reserve fund. Mr. Kniveton spoke strongly against tampering with the reserve fund. His advice was not to touch it.—A female member : What is the good of keeping it there ; we want it.—The proposition that the dividend be 3s. in the £ was carried by 116 votes to 97.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE' NEXT PLACE OF MEETING,

_ It was proposed by Mr. Watson that the next half yearly meeting be held at Runcorn.—Mr. Gondier seconded.—An amendment was proposed by Mr. Wilkin- son, seconded by Mr. Rutter, thst it be held at Widnes. The proposition was carried by 131 votes to 91. ELECTION OF OFFICERS, &C. The manager, secretary, and auditors were unani mously re-elected. For the Committee on which there were four vacancies, nine candidates were proposed. The result of the votiort was as inn was: Dudley 169, Rhodes 102, I homas Riley 93, Dyer 72, Watson 57, Joseph Stubbs 49, Cropper 47, Holt 44, Leathw nod 30. The first four are elected. It was 10.40 p.m. when the proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. W. Knowles, and there were present in addi- tion to the members of the Runcorn Rural Council, Rev. Canon Wood, Rev. _Dr: Gastaldi, Mr. Thomas Handley,

J.P.' Mr. Varwood, Mr. A. R.' Norman. Mr. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. W. Hough (deputy clerk).

VAGRANCY.

In acknowledging the receipt of resolutions passed by the Guardians, at their meeting on the 23rd ult., Colonel Hamersley, chief constable of Cheshire, stated that the county police were vigilant in their endeavours to check vagrancy, and he would suggest for the consideration of the Board that if they desired the matter to receive the attention of the justices throughout the county, a copy of the resolution should be forwarded to each justices' clerk, with a request that the same be brought before the magistrates in each Petty Sessional division.—On the motiom of Mr. Mclntyre, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi,it was decided to carry out the recommendation of Colonel Hamereley.

THE FRODiIIAM RELIEVING OFFICER. A letter was read from the Local Government Board in which they stated that they approved of the proposal to increase the salary of Mr. Riley, relieving officer of Fredsham, from £75 to £lOO.

SCHOOL ATTENDANCR OFFICER. Writing on the 29:h July, the Local Government Board approved of the proposal to increase the salary of Mr. F. A. Jenkins, school attendance offi.;er of the Bud- worth district to £35 per annum. They also approved of the appointment of Mr. W. B.Brimelow,as attendance officer, at a salary of £l5 per annum.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALLPDX.

The Local Government in an order respecting small pox in casual wards and workhouses, drew attention to a previous circular letter, stating that only circum- stances of grave urgency justified the admission or re- tention of a smallpox case in the Workhouse, but when such a case occurred the other inmates should be re- vaccinated, and the greatest precautions tkken for isolation. It was stated by Mr. Handley that the Visit- ing Committee had considered the regulations, and the Master had told them that they were carried out. This concluded the business.

CALL or Write fora pair of Toad TAYLOR'S es. lid. or Bs. 6A. LADIES' or GEsee SEWN BOOTS Or Szon.qpost free.-53 Ilanottester-street,Lirerpoel.—ctivt

===== 0002601_18950810_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ORMY'S CIRCUS, WARRINGTON.

MR. OHMY El) AT THE COUNTY COURT.

At the Warrirgton County Court, on Thursday, before his Houour Judge Wynne Ffoulkse, John Lewis. con- tractor, 11 Henry-st., Warrington, sued Joseph Ohmy, circus proprietor, for £B3 15s. for extras in the building of a circus in Queen-st., Warrington. There was also a counterclaim for £lOO for damages owing to the loss of a tt house," on E ester Monday afternoon, and for the loss of the services of several performing horses which it was alleged caught colds, owing to the state of the circus. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, , and Mr. Tobin, banister, instructed by Mr. H. F.Neale, Liverpool, represented the defendant. Mr. Browne, in opening the case, said that the claim which had been made would be modified to some extent and would be reduced to £72 18s. 10d., the mistake hay ing arisen owl .g to the figures being wrongly reckoned- Mr. Lewis happened to hear that Mr. 013 my wanted a circus building in Warrington. He met him in Man- chester and asked him if it was true. Mr. Ohmy said that it was, and Mr. Lewis said that he would like to tender for the erection of it. Mr. Ohmy told him that , be could see the plans of the circus deposited in the office of the Borough Surveyor of Warrington. The circus was to be built of corrugated iron according to , that plan. Mr. Ohmy said that there was a . wall seven feet high which was not to be covered with corrugated iron so as to save part of the cost. Thereupon, Mr. Lewis tendered for the building and took into consideration the wall which was not to be covered. There were no specifications or details in the plan, which would be produced in due course. Mr. Lewis sent in the tender on March 15, undertaking to complete the building ready for the proprietor by Easter Monday, for the sum of £294 103., erected as nearly as possible as per the plan submitted, any altera- tion to be considered as extras, and any deduction to be t!eated in a similar way. In case of any dispute, the borough surveyor was to act as arbitrator. Mr. Chrny met Mr. Lewis on the 19th March at the Manchester Central Station, and after discussing the matter, Mr. Ohmy accepted the tender for £291 103. Mr. Lewis, however, agreed to build it for £287 103. on the understanding that on the completion of the term for which Mr. Ohmy wanted the building for perform- ances, he would sell it to Mr. Lewis for the sum of £lOO.

Mr. Lewis then proceeded to carry out the contract. Mr. °luny said that he could not pay the money down, and an agreement was drawn up, whereby £5O was to be paid on the day of assignment, £5O on April 13, £27 10s. on April 21, and the balance £59 103. on May 13. Strange to say Mr. Ohmy kept the agreement in his pos- session. Mr. Lewis Commenced the work on Monday, March 20, and it had to b. completed by April 13. so that a large number of men had to be employed in order to put the structure ap in what was practically 23 days. On Monday March 20, Mr. Lewis pegged out the ground according to the plan, and he then found that it did not come near to the walls which Mr. Ohmy suggested it should do. He immediately telegraphed to Mr. 0 imy and that gentleman came over the next day, the work being stopped during that time. Mr. Ohm; then in pre- sence of two witnesses instructed Mr. Lewis to enlarge the circus to fill the full extent of the space, and thus made the building capable of holding 300 more persons than it would according to the original plan. Mr. Lewis proceeded with the work and had got as far as putting down the ring in the centre of the circus. The ring was pegged out according to plan when Mr. Ohmy came over and on noticing the ring he said that too much room had been given for the boxes,and that more room ought to be given to the gallery which paid the best. Mr. Lewis accordingly ale red the gallery from eight to twelve tiers and thus gave a large amount of extra accommedatien. In consequence of this very great enlargement ordered by Mr. Ohmy, it was almost impossible to get the circus aown in the time, but Mr. Lewis did everything hel I could do, and it Was a matter of astonishment to every- body, including Mr. Ohmy, that it was finished in time. In order to finish the building, it wee necessary to work all Good Friday, Saturday, and Easter Sunday morning, when it was ready to be put into the hands of the de- corator. The decorators did not then turn up, but it was not Mr. Lewis's fault. The circus was opened on I Monday night, and there was a very crowded house and a most successful performance. Mr. Ohmy made a speech at the opening in which he expressed his satis- tion that the bnilding had been completed in so short a time. It was open for nine weeks, and no complaint whatever was made during the whole of that time. Mr. Lewis was coestantly at the circus during performances, and was also in the rooms with the artistes, and was fre- qilently in company with Mr. Ohmy, and yet there was not a single complaint of any deseription,and never was until Mr. Lewis applied for the extras. The money for the contract had been paid in instalments as agreed upon' and on May 13, Mr. Lewis sent in his bill for ex- tras, but Mr. Ohmy declined to pay any extras. The matter was then placed in his (Mr. Browne') hands,and Mr. Ohmy still refused to pay. With regard to the Icounter-claim, he (Mr. Browne) would prove that no I performance was advertised for Monday afterneon, and therefore there was no loss on that account. The first performance was advertised for Monday night, and this performance actually came off. Mr. Ohmy had a splen- did record during the whole of the time he was in Warrington, and only three weeks ago the building was used for a political meeting at which there were 2,500 persons present. The building was not in the slightest degree worse than it was before. If it allowed water to come throuels and also caused seve- ral horses to have colds, Mr. Ohmy had no right tc have performances, nor should the borough surveyor have allowed the building to be used. He, however, con- tended that the building was well fitted for the purpose for which it was intended. Mr. Ohmy had reckoned £33 13s. for the loss he had sustained, owing to there being no performance on Monday afternoon. Even allowing that a performance had been advertised, he (Mr. Browne) contended that the figure claimed Was too high. There had been two benefit nights in the circus, one for Mrs. Sheridan, at which the is. 6d. seats were charged 2s , and at which there was a full house, and vet the total receipts had only been £2B 19,. 61. He -(Mr. Browne) who had assisted in getting up the ar- rangements, was present at the time the money was counted. There had also been a benefit for the Infirmary and this had realised £29 10i. 61 , which Mr. Ohnw made into £3O. It was, therefore,ahsurd,he contended, to claim £33. Mr. Browne then mentioned the names of several horses which it was alleged had taken colds owing to the state of the circus. He contended that they had rot taken cold owing to the circus,but if they had taken cold, it was likely they had caught it during a long journey from Oldham. As a matter of fact one horse was performing during the whole of the time Mr. ()limy was in Warrine.am.

_ Mr. Browne durincz the course of the case. amended his elaim by adding £9 for wood used to carry the water from the ceiling over the wall.

John Lewis, the plaintiff, was then called and gave evidence corroborative of Mr. Browne' s statement. He said that the circus was ten or twelve feet longer, and three feet wider than it was to be according to the original plan. The building was finished by Sunday afternoon, but the decorators could have been at their work on the Wednesday previously. But for the enlarge- ment which Mr. Ohmy required, the building vould have been finished three days previously. He never heard about any afternoon performance being contemplated until the counter-claim was made. He produced the Warrington "Examiner" in confirmation of this. Mr. Ohmy never made any complaint to him about the circus, although he was frequently in his company, in fact Mr. Ohmy made a speech expressing surprise that the building had been completed so soon. As far as he (Mr. Lewis) was concerned, there might have been an afternoon performance.—Cross-examined : He had never built a eiccus before, but he had told Mr. Ohmy that he had experience in erecting similar structures, as he had built most of the temporary buildings on the Manchester Ship Canal. He never mentioned anything about pay- ment for the extras at the time that he was building the circus. He understood that the circtis was to be up for 13 weeks. In the circus, daylight could b seen in places, but the openings were net of any consequence. He had been e the circus one wet night, hut water did not pour in.—Re-examined : Where the daylight could be seen, it was where the old wall joined the eaves. At this point, Mr. Tobin suggested that as the case would probably last two or three days, it would save the time of the court if Mr. Lewis and Mr. Ohmy went before an arbitrator nominated by his Honour, and the interests of justice would thereby be best served. He would also suggest that neither lawyers nor witnesses be Present but that the arbitrator go over the building with two parties. Mr. Browne agreed to this, and eventually Mr. William Owen, li'., was selected, Mr. Browne also agreed to forego the £9 with which the claim had been amended. Mr. William Owen was then sent for, and agreed to accept the position of arbitrator. '

===== 0002601_18950810_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRISH PARTY DISSENSIONS.

MANIFE3rO BY MR. JUSTIN MTARTHY.

The "Freeman's Journal" publishes a manifesto to the Irish people from Mr. Justin Wearthy, which deals in the main with the results of the late general election and the causes which led to those results. Mr.M'Carthy puts in the front of these the disunion amongst the ' members of the Irish party and Mr. Healv's conduct at the Omagh Convention. After recapitulating what took place there,he says it is with deep regret that he is com- pelled to characterise Mr. Healy's conduct as disloyal to the party, and,setting aside their own special obligation to each other,as a breach of the ordinary code of honour and discipline essential to the existence of every politi- cal organisation. "The Omagh scandal," he proceeds, " is unhappily the latest of a series of attacks on the unity and efEniency-ot the Irish party. Let us endea- vour it shall he the last. A repetition must bring ruin on the cause." He leAs bound, on the eve of the open- ing of Parliament,to addresi a respectful word of warn- ing to his fellow-comv rymen and to inform his collea- gues of the views he holds in case he is again elected to the chair.

Mr. niturn O'Brien' exaniination in bankruptcy was corn:hp-led on Monday. Tbo liabilities were re L 6 £8,075 and the masts at ETI.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
DISPUTE ABOUT A KITCHEN RANGE.

CASE AT THE WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT. An action was heard at the Warrington County Court on Thursday before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, in which Messrs.Williarns and Clay,monumental masons, &c., Bank Quay, sued Enoch William Sankey, a farmer, and large property owner at Croft, for £B, value of a ' kitchen range supplied to him by the plaintiffs on June ' 20. Mr. W. J. Forshaw appeared an behalf of the plain- tiffs, and Mr. Fowler for the defendant. Mr. Forshaw said that the defendant visited the business premises of the plaintiffs and asked to be shown some kitchen ranges. Mr. George Clay, a partner in the plaintiffs' firm, showed him two or three ranges, and named the prices. After selecting one, defendant said that he was not quite sure whether a right or a left hand range was required, but that his wife would know. The plaintiffs accordingly caused a telephonic message to be sent to the defendant's wife, who replied that a right hand grate was required. The defendant then bargained with Mr. Clay as to the price of the grate selected, end eventually agreed to pay a 103. casteor £7 credit. Two or three hours afterwards a lucre, was sent frem defend-1 ant's farm to take the range away. On the following Tuesday the range was brought back by the same man who took it away. He was asked for an explanation, but could not give a satisfactory one, except that Mr. Sankey intended calling upon the plaintiffs about the matter very shortly. As the defendant did not call, an invoice was sent to him hy the plaintiffs, who warned him that the range was lying at the premises of the plaintiffs at his own risk, and asking him to bring it away at once, and remit a cheque for the same. No reply was received to this communication, and a letter was sent saying that legal proceedings would be taken if a cheque was not sent. This did not receive an answer and the plaintiff then placed the matter into the hands of Messrs. Davies and Forshaw. He (Mr. Forshaw) caused the usual letter to be sent to the defen- dant but to this also 120 reply had been sect.—Mr. George Clay corroborated his solicitor's statement. He said that when the range was returned, it was very rusty, and had depreciated in value.—The judge : But you are sueing for the price are you not 2—Mr. Clay : We are, your Honour.—ln reply to Mr. Fowler, witness denied that he would have taken the range back without ques- tion, if it had been in the same state as it was when sent out. The plaintiffs might have allowed the defendant to have made another selection. He did not send the grate on approval, nor did he say anything to the defendant to the effect that the range would be taken back if not approved of by defeodant's wife; neither did he promise to get the defendant another, if that grate did not suit. He also contradicted the statement made by the lurry- man that the grate would be taken back on the payment of 103. for the trouble of taking it up and down the stairs. A message was sent to the defendant's house to see Mr. Sankey about the grate but he was not instructed to ask for another order for a grate.—Thomas aim of the firm of Williams and Clay, gave similar evid- ence.—William Walter Westwell, coal merchant, spoke ,to telephoning ta the defendant's wife as to the kind of grate required, and that she replied that a right hand grate was required.—Walter Adnaki Clay, son of Mr. George Clay spoke to going over to Mr. Sankey'a house on his bicycle to see him about the grate. He was surprised when he got to the house to find that another kitchen range had been erected.—Mr. Fowler contended that the grate was simply sent on approval. His client at the time he visited the place of the plaintiff, had clearly told them that if he did not care for the grate he would send it back. He was also instrected that when the man took the grate back, Mr. Williams told him that he would re- quire 103. for the taking of it up and down stairs.— Enoch William Senkey corroborated Mr. Fowler's state- ment, and said that the reason why he did not reply to the letters sent to him was because he considered them to be impertinent. Ralph Saunderson, carter in the em- ploy of Mr. Sankey, stated that when he took back the grate, Mr. Williams told him that he would require 10s. for taking down the grate—ills Honour Raid that the plaintiffs had the right to insist upon their bargain. Assuming that the grate was sent on approval, it seemed idle to say that five days would be required to prove it. In fact, the wife had shown by getting the other grate that e ,ly 24 hours were required. He would therefore give judgment for plaintiffs._

===== 0002601_18950810_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING FATALITY ON THE SHIP

CANAL. TWO MEN KILLED.

A disastrous accident, unhappily resulting in the death of two men and injuries to several ethers, occurred on Thursday on the Ship Canal at Latchford. It will be remembered that on the 10th April last the gates of the large lock, which is wort. long by 65ft. wide, were car- ried away by the steamship Harold, one falling on the sill of the lock and the other hanging to the wall. The fallen gate was as speedily as possible removed to a position in the canal where it would not impede the navigation, and the other placed on a piece of land near the locks. Within the last few days a gang of men have been engaged in the task of drawing the submerged gate from the waterway and placing it upon dry land. Derricks and winches were fixed, and a set of wire ropes of great strength, four in number, were attached to the gate by means of slings. The actual work of hauling up the mass of wood and iron, which is said to weigh upwards of 120 tons, was commenced on Monday morning, and good progeess was made with what was a most difficult undertaking, and one which required the exercise of great skill and patience. By three o'clock on Thursday afternoon the gate had been drawn practically clear of the water,and occupied a slanting position over the land at the side of the canal, on which it was proposed to place it. About thirty men were engaged in the work, Mr. W. H. Hunter,chief engineer to the Canal Company, and Mr. Fox, the resident mechanical engineer, being present. At about half-past three it Lecame necessary to remove one of the ropes to a point at the other end of the gate, in order to bring it into a horizontal position preparatory to the final effort of drawing it up. Some of the men were at this moment on the gate,and a number of others were hauling on the slack of one of the wire cables which, to the length of some 30 or 40 yards, ran out from the derrick over the winch. A terrible result en- sued in the attempt to change the position ot the cable. The rope next to it gave way at the ling, and part of the tackle at the other end of the gate also snapped. The gate canted over, and that portion of the cable on which the men were hauling was instantaneously tightened to s' raining point. The bracing up of the hitherto slack rope was so sudden, and the force which tightened it so tremendous, that the men were thrown into the air with great violence. A man named Edward Whitlow, about 34 years of age, who had apparently been stoop- ing over the cable at the mment of the accident, was found to have sustained shocking injuries ; his body being, in fact, nearly severed, An elderly man named John Parnell was also so badly hurt that death ensued almost immediately. The foreman, a man named Michael Scully, was injured about the legs, and other of the men were more or less bruised end cut. The accid- ent caused the utmost consternation, Latchford and the neighbourhood being in a ferment of excitement. Mr. Marshall, the lock master, at once, upon one of the Com- pany's locomotives, went to Knutsforclroad and tele- phoned to Warrington for medical aid, and very shortly Dr. Parker, of Stockton Heath, and other medical men from Warrington were on the spot, and rendered what assistance was necessary to those who had been injured. The bodies of Whitlow and Parnell were placed in an outbuilding near the scene of the accident, where they will remain till the coroner's inquest has been held. Whitlow leaves a widow and two children. He is a , native of the place, and has been frequently employed by the Canal Company. Parnell, wh ) was known among the workmen by the name of" General," has also been employed about the canal almost from the commencement of its construction. Later in the after- noon the gate was secured in its position, and it is ex- pected that an attempt will be made to complete the work of removal at once, had the operations proceeded without accident, the whale would, it is said, have been completed in about an hour. The tackle employed was of the best quality, and had been subjected to severe tests before it was used.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

£5OO TO HE SPENT.

A special meeting of the committee of the Widnes Football Club, was held on Friday night, when the ten- ders for the laying out of their new field were submitted. The Committee decided to accent Mr. T. Sadler's tender, whose price was close upon £5OO, and the ground will be laid out according to the plan draws up by Mr. T. F. Sadler. The field rented by the club is on the south side of the cricket ground, and is 210 yards by 160. On the south side will be erected a vimmodious stand, and under this the players will be provided with a pavilion and dressing-room. The goal posts will face east and west, while the ground on the north side will be banked up. If nr-cessary the enclosure could be made to accom- modate 20,000 persons. It is the Committee's intention to make a portion of the ground into a field for practice. Inside the spectators' rin,,,which will be hoarded round, instead of a single iron rail being used, provision is made for a track, 18 feet wide, SO that in future yesrs there will he no necessity for the Athletic Club to hold their festival at Farnworth. There will be three turnstiles in Lowerhouse-lane, and two exit gates. The work will be commenced this week, and Mr. Sadler, it is said, is under penalty of £lO per week, if the work is not finished in five weeks from the day he signs the agreement.

SHIP CANAL, AUSTRALIAN MUTTON FOR MANCHESTER._

The ship Timaru is due to arrive at Manchester from Australia about the end of the present month. She brings about 16,000 carcases of sheep. This is the first direct consignment of fr7z.n meat to Manchester, and much interest is felt in the enterprise, as further ship- ments are certain in the event of its success.

_ At Liverpool Assizes on Wednesuay Mr. Justice Cave sentenced a labourer named James Battall to twelve years' penal servitude for assaulting a girl aged fifteen, and a carter named Reuben Hewitt to eight years for assaulting a married woman.

Ibbtrtiament not elaotatb.

-- WASTBD, good GIMBAL able to wash, good reference required.—Apply 17. BEWSEY-STREET, Warrington,

HEALTH RESORT.—Unlventty man of great experience in Itclucation, about to remove to larger premises, will raceive two or three additional boarders at twe thirds the usual fees. For prospectut, address "Doctor," Examiner- Office, W-urington.

IVIARINII BOILERS for Sale, very cheap, 12•6 in. by s•oin. diameter, sound condition.— Address BOILERS, 55. Grosvenor Road, Canonbury, London.

, , EXTRAORDINARY VALUE. A SOLID SILVER KEYLESS WATCH SOLID WORTH 25,- IS GIVEN 'WAY FOR 12/6. SILVER , Althouga 12/6 is only half the price I guar- antee that it is a solid silver case, has a good KEYLESS jewelled movement, and keeps very good time The ordinary retailers' price for this watch WATCHES is 25/.. Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad- dress and I will send by return, registered, 1 12/6 one of these real silver keyless watches, for which you will be thankful. Mention this paper, arid address— Regular P. DEBORT, Wholesale Jeweller, price 10, CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL I 25/-

===== 0002601_18950810_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
r.. -• 4PirtZ.--1..,‘.1 • .

GRAY AND DAVISON,

ORGAN BUILDER. (ESTABLISHED 175)). LONDON, LIVERPOOL AND CHESTER.

Builders of Organs in S. George's Chapel Royal Wind- sor, Leeds Town Hall, Bolton Town Hall, Portsmouth Town Hail, Crystal Palace, and upwards of 11,000 repre- sentative organs in all parts of the world. LIVERPOOL BRANCH : 30, UPPER STANHOPE-STREET.

WANTED, A YOUNG WOMAN for Rackburn. to assist with Housework. Good wages, god Home.—Apply stating particulars WILLIAM PECKUP. Chemist. Bank-Top, Biackburr. - - —"a- hihed Watch.

FOR DISPOSAL, Old-estsblished Watch, Clock. Jewellery, and Optician's Business ; main thoroughfare; stock and fixtures about £143. Good reasons for leaving.—Apply JONES, 9, Hill-st., Preston.

r 11NAC H OR. experienced desires Holiday Engagement as JL Daily Governess to young children; plain English course; no accomplishments ; reference from pre.ent em- ployer ; terms £1 weekiv.—Address D. L. C . care of Mr. DAVENPORT. 46. Wallgate, W.gan.

(ZCARBOROUGH..—WeII FURNISHED HOUSE TO LI LET for one rno ,th or six weeks, every convenience ; quiet and central.—Apply 89 WESTBORO'.

ALTILINCiIANI IIIUtot;1100t 13 ..-3tirders re- ceived. Nees moderate. Prospectus at request.

LIOUTHPORT. 29, Bath-street,. near Pier and Promenade ; L Comfortable APAREMBNTS, t rms moderate.— Qrs. WtstNu.L.

'VURNISILED HOUSE, 6 bldrooms, 7 beds, bath, w.c., one 12 sitting. dining, kitchen, pantry, garden back and front. Ten minutes' walk from excellent beach fl-lung, and bathing. Convenient to town by train Ind wa.rgonet.t.e, £2 154. per week.—GLASFRYN, Llanhedwy, Pwilheli.

'llO BE SOLD, Fruit and Gr engrocery MISINNSS, In- -1 going low, sttisfact wy reasons for leaving, Also good Spring Cars, Price £6.—Apply 10 BEAUMON -BT.,LiVerOOOl.

GI Eli wants Si tUAtION. I perieneed, inside and out. Married; age 23. Gothi references.--9, CROS.LEY-ST., Higher Crurnpsall, Manehest r.

FFUHNISHBD APARTMENTS to be Gill', after lOtit August; pßriour, one or two bedrooms ; no ertte terms.—Apply 15. ROSEMARY-LANE, Beaumnris, N.W.

QCHOOL for GI I/LS. 36, Monkote, Y Princ p‘ls Mlss,s Camidge ; terms moderate ; p wils prepare,' for all loc d examlmations.

HOUSIigAID WAITRE,S or Housemaid iv, ob.-0 v ; .001 references ; Wages £lB.—A. J., lt.) iIOLLY-PL CE, off BLckburn-road, Shope. Bolton.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
couNTy OF CHEAER.

IVOTICE is Hereby Given that at the General Quarter 11 Sessions of the Peace, holden at Chester CaNtle, ia and for the C:unty of Chester, on the 14 day of July. 1895. IT WAS ORDERED, pursuant to the provisiens of " the Licensing Acts, 1872-1874," that the Meeting of the County Licensing Committees relative to the con- firmation of New Licenses be held as follows, vW.:—The Meeting of the Chester Licensing Committee on Si:rya-- nay, the sth day of October next, at Chester Castle, at 12 o'clock noon ; and of tbe Kull:Mora Licensing Com- mittee at the Court House, Nether linutsford, on Mots"- DAY, the 7th day of October next, at tw(a o'clock in the afternoon.

AND NO ncE is HEREBY ALSO GIVEN, that the said Meetings ori, the 5 h and 7,11 days °I October respec- tively will he especially convened under the provision in that behalf enntained la the 32nd section of "The Licen- sing Act, 1874," for the purpose of making (if deemed necessary) orders under that section with respect to towns and populous places. By the Court, REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the P.-are for the said County. Chester, 7ch August, 1895.

Copbs of the Regulations with respect to the aforesaid Meetings and the transaction of business thereat, and of the Rules as to the proceedings to be adopted for confir- mation of I\Tw Licenses, and the cost to be incurred in any such proceedings, and the person by whom such Costs are to be paid, can be obtained on application to the Clerk of the Peace.

("AN S ILE, GOOD VERTICAL ENGINE (4h.-p.) and VI boiler in workinz order. No reasonable offer refused. —Apply Ex iminer Office, Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE OCCURRENCE IN A LIVE RPOOL HOTEL.

GAS POISONING.

A young girl named Eleanor Wood. who was staying with her father overnight at a temperance hotel in Man- chester-et., Liverpool,was found unconscious on Monday morning, and was taken in the horse ambulance to the Southern Hospital. It was her intention to proceed in the afternoon to America, and her father had come down from Norfolk to see her off. She was in a very precarious condition, and on arrival at the hospital it was discovered that the girl was suffering from gas poisoning. When a police constable was called to the house a strong smell of gas was noticeable in the room which the girl occupied, and it is presumi-d that Miss Wood either neglected to turn the gas off properly oe coining as she did from a country place, and being un— accustomed to gas, blew it out before retiring.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED EXTENSIVE THEFTS AT

HALTON.

The interior of Runcorn Police Court presented an un- usual appearance on Thursday morning, and looked fo the time being, to have been converted in a genera storehouse. There were boxes upon boxes of goods ap- pertaining to a general dealer, and if catalogued were sufficient to make a formidable list. The goods had been brought to the police station from the house of William and Ann Travers, of Halton, and that they were numer- ous may be known from the fact that there were two. shandry loads full. It appears that Ann Travers, who has for a great number of years resided at Halton, has been employed by Messrs. Gamen and Rowe, tea and general dealers, Hal- ton, as ch,rwoman, but nothing was suspected of her conduct until a fortnight ago, when from some information received, P.C. Juett watched her, and from what took place on Wednesday afternoon, he arrested her and brought her to the police station. Her husband, who was employed at the Runcorn Gas Works, was also arrested. They were both charged on Thursday morning before Mr. Thomas Handley, with stealing nine pounds of flour, eleven eggs, a dozen boxes of matches and other things, the property of Messrs. Gamon and Rowe. of Halton, and with receiving them' knowing them to be stolen. They made no reply. The evidence adduced was merely for the purpose of obtaining an order for the remand of the prisoners.—Superintendent Atherton stated that the female prisoner had been employed by Messrs. Gamon and Rowe as charwoman,end her duty on Wednesday afternoon, when the shop was closed for the half holiday, was to clean out the shots. She had abumd the confidence reposed in her, and had clandestinely removed goods, in bags which she had made to tie round her waist. A watch had been kept by P.C. Juett rid he caught her the previous day taking some goods away in the manner mentioned.—P.C. Juett stated that he saw the female prisoner coming from Messrs. Gamon and Itowe's shop, the previous day. H. beckoned her to sop but she went on to her house which was about thirty yards away. He followed her, and afterwards got his wife to search her. The prisoner how- ever so resisted hi a wife that he bad to obtain the assist- ance of another woman. The bags produced were found tied round the prisoner's body, and the goods men- tioned in the charge, with others, were found in them. He brought her to the Police Station and charged her with the offence,but she made no reply. He afterwards went hack to the house and found a large quantity of goods, 9ornq of u hich were stored under the beds. Mr. Gatnon identifi-d the b eartiy thclese an. h perohdauircmedashe saispird it as property. In answer to a question a case of wholesale robbery.—The Chairman said the goods must have teen accumulating for several months. —Mr. Gannon stated that there was one packet of candles amongst the goods in c,urt which he knew he had not had in stodt for three years. The female prisoner had been employed by them for about 25 years.—lt was stated in court :hat the prisoners had a banking account of over £3oo.—They were remanded until two o'clock this(Friday) afternoon.

1

VI/ERE TO GO FOR MY HOLIDA.YS? This is a question which is now occupying the atten- tion of hundreds of our readers. NOW the various health resorts of the British Islands, as well as the Con- tinent, will be shortly flocked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to ? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from my holiday ? Now, any exp rienced medical nian will tell you that a course of some suitable tonic medicine taken during the change will double the beneficial effects of the holi- day. The appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- 1 aimilating powers of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system will be strengthened, the blood will be purified, and the indispensable "tone " regained by the system, much more certainly and effectually by such a course of medicine taken during the holiday alone or by the medicine alone. Each helps the other, and the ex- perienced in these matters always take both together. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice of your tonic. Many so-called remedies are absolutely injurious. There, is, however, one which long and uni- Versal experience proves to be absolutely trustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-known preparation known as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. WHAT ARE ITS EFFECTS ? 1. It assists and promotes Digestion. 2. It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It removes all Obstructions the human body. 6. It gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations I See the name of , " Gwilyna Evans " on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTII WALES.

;and Impurities from

===== 0002601_18950810_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

CHARGE OF NEGLECTING • DAUGHTER. At the W arrington Borough Court, on Friday, before Dr. Gornall and Mr. S. Wright, Jane Norman, 4, Bay Horse Yard, was charged with neglecting her daughter Jane Norman, on July 29. Inspector McAteer, N sy.c.c. Said that the defendant was the wife of Edward Norman, at present in the Workhouse. She lodged with Mrs. Thempson, and had tt•ree children. The girl Jane, was 15 years of age, and was an apprentice fustian cutter to Mr. Wilkinson. Up to the last three or four weeks she had been constantly at her work, but the last three weeks she had been unable to go to her work for the want of proper clothing and other wearing apparel, but the mother turned her out day by day. As a consequ- ence the girl had to sleep in the tramp ward of the Work- house night after night. On July 29, witness went to see the girl in the tramp ward, and found her in a very filthy condition. Be atterwarde went to the house of her mother and found Mrs. Norman under the influence of drink. The room in which the girl had to sleep was almost destitute of furniture. Evidence was given by Jane Norman, Mrs. Thompson and Detective Monaghan, and Inspector McAteer said that if the defendant agreed to the girl being sent to a home which Mr. Taylor,?. C. M.. would fiod her.he would consent to the case being with- drawn. Mrs. Norman having consented to this course, she was discharg,ed. A NEWSPAPER BOY IN TROUBLE. At the Warrington Borough Court on Wednesdav,he- fore Mr. J. Fairclough, Mr. J. Geddes, and Mr. J. W. Hayward, John William Bate, a boy of 14 years of age, was charged with stealing by meads of a trick, from thel office of the" Liverpool Weekly Post," and " Echo," 17, I Winwick-st., on Monday afternoon, eight dozen " Echos," and one penny in cash. The Chief Constable said that the prosecutors were represented by Mr. Charles Lyon. The defendant was the son of Henry Bate, forge labourer, 363, Winwick-rd. About 2.30 on Monday afternoon, prisoner along with a number of other boys were in the office of the" Liverpool Post," and prisoner was supplied with his" Echos " first, because he had a parcel to take from the office to the 'bus which goes to Stocktnn Heath. The parcel contained eight dozen " Echos," and were valued at 2s. Bd. A penny was given to the prisoner to pay for the carriage of the par- cel to Stockten Heath. The parcel was addressed to James Whitley, who resides at that place. Mr. Whit- ley met the 'bus as usual at Stockton Heath, but he could ret find the parcel of " Echos." 'The matter be- came known to the parties at the " Echo" office, and later ,n in the evening at about eight o'clock a man named Thomas John Gordon, met the prisoner who had sold foer 7.2 G papers, and still had three dozen left. tie took possession of them, and the matter was reported later on by Mr. Lyon to Detective Monaghan who made a search far the boy, but did not find him until midnight on Tuesday. He was brought drown to the police station, and when charged ho pleaded guilty—Mr. Lyon said that he did not wish the boy to suffer any imprisonment, and suggested a few strokes of the birch rod.—The magistrates however, were in favour of sending him to a home or training ship, and the case was remanded until Saturday for Inquiries to be made as to a suitable place to send him.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

-- WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FIIIDAT.-13,fore Dr, Cornell (chairman), and Mr. S. Wright. OCCASIONAL LICENSES.—Mr. Wright, of the Royal Court Hotel, was granted six occasional licenses to sell on the A rph-y cricket ground during August. DRIPPIND Wn'r Tunoccin."—John Bradbury, Hoyle- et., wa- charged with assaulting Sarah Bradbury, West at., on July 29.—Mr. Arthur Browne, who prosecuted. said that the two parties were no relations, but lor some time the defendant had been harbouring complainant's son, with the result that he did not attend to his work, and frecrieutly kept away from home at nights. On the day in vestion complainant's son, who was 20 years of age. went not of the house to go on night turn to Bew. sey forge at 330 in the afternoon. Be however never went to his work and did not return home at night. Complainant then went to defendant's house and asked whether her son was there. He told her to be off, and, She said she would go when he brought her son. He then went into the house and brought out a bowl of water and after again tellinr her to go away, he threw the water over her, and she was dripping wet through. He also caught her in the cheek with the bowl. Cross- examined: Complainant said that her son was courting defendant's daughter. She, however, did not know defendant previous ha her visit on July 29, and had never used any disgusting language to him.—Evi- dence was given in corroboration of Mr. Browne, statement by Mrs. Bradbury, Mrs. Darbyshire and Joseph Poole.—Mr. W. J. Vorshaw, who represented the defendant, said that he did not deny that the defendant had thrown the water at the complainant, but he contended that he was justified in what he had (I,me, as it was oone under great provoca- tion. Tbe cernplainant came to the house and used the most filthy language. The only way of getting rid of ner was by throwing the bowl of water upon her. The defendant denied that the son was in the house at the time. A great number of witnesses were called and in the course of the case some serious allegations were made concerning the character of defendant's house.— P.C. Clough however said that he had lived near the house for three years,and had never before heard of any of the charges which were now made against the house. The magistrates considered that the justice of the case would be met by fining the defendant in the costs. Cattsure TO A HORSB.—Thimas Saunders, Wilson-st., St. Helens, was charged with working his horse in an inlet state on July 18,h.—I0spect0r Luff, R.S.P.C.A., and P.C. Corcoran stated that the defendant had the horse attached to an empty cart on the date in question. The horse was very lame and the defendant was told to have it slaughtered. Re had doee so since that date.— The magistrates Mllicted a fine of 10a. and costs. WOMBN'S Sananstes.—Jane Hardman, Hardv-st.,was discharged on the charge of assaulting Bliz ibeth Jackson OD Saturday night. Barbara Lowndes, was hound over for one month or 14 days in default for assaulting Ehzi- beth Taylor on July 19th. SATORDAY.—Before Messrs. J. Burgess On the chair) and S. Chandley. DitrINIC AND DISORDEBLY.—Thomas D‘ley was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on the previous night in Brooke's-place, off Rnutstord-road. V.C.Newev Stated that the defendant was drunk, and he created a disturbance by sheuting,and wanting to fight. Defend. ant, who said he was sorry for what had occurred, was fined 59. and costs, or in default seven days' imprison.

ment. MONDAY.—Before Mr. T. Birchall (in thc chair), Alder- man Francomb, and Councillor W. Pierpoint. ALLEGED THEFT OF IreAss.--W4lliam Trigg, of Short- et., Newton Common, was charged with stealing 1741 b. of brass,—The Head Constable 541 d that the prisoner on Saturday gave his name as William Williams, living in Viaduct-st., Earlestown, but it had since transpired that his name was William Trigg, a labourer, employed at Sankey Sugar Works, Newton. At 8 30 on Saturday morning the prisoner engaged an outdoor porter at Bank Quay Station and a handcart, on which was placed 1741 b. of brass. The prisoner went to Mr. Toole' (marine store dealer) place in Allen-St., and sold the brass. Mr.Tnole, however, at such an early hour of the morning cOuld not pay for the whole of the brass, and told frigg to call again. In the me/ntitne Detective Monaghan, who had obtained some information about

the matter, went to Toole's and awaited prisoner's arri- val. When he turned up Trigg said he had obtained the i brass trom various places. He asked for the prisoner to be given into the custody of the county police.—The magistrates granted the application. DRUNEENNESS.—Catharine Connolly, a woman of no settled residence, was sent to prison tor 11 days for hav- ing been drunk and disorderly in Sankey-street on Sat- urday afternoon.—lsaac Smith, of 9, Garden-row, was charged with a similar offence in Buttermarket-street on Saturday afternoon. The prisoner admitted the offence and a fine of ss. was inflicted.—Joseph Abrahams, of Margaret-street,was fined ss. for having been drunk and disorderly in Winwick-street on Saturday night. SLEEPERS Our.—Fred Massey and Sarah Hickey were charged with having been found asleep, at an early hour on Sunday morning in a stable belonging to Mr. W. W. Westwell, at Bank Quay, they being without any visible means of subsistence.—Sergeant Tayler proved the case. He found the couple asleep, or apparently asleep. at twenty minutes to three o'clock in the morning.—Mr. Westwell complained of the large number of persons who slept in the stables. The other morning the building was lighted up at two o'clock. It was a wonder the place had not been burned nown. Six men were found in the stables a short time ago.—The Chair- man: You find them gas then ? kLaughter.)—Mr. • Westwell replied that there was gas in the stables —The • Head Constable said the female prisoner was what the L police called " a bad bad one." She was not a native L of Warrington, but of Lowton. They were trying to cure her,and to make the place too hot for her.—Masiey, who lives in Wellfield-street, was fined 53. ; the woman I was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour. ' A Row IN BEWSEY-STREET.—Michael Murray, of Tanners'-lane' was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday night,assaulting Thomas Hughes, and with wilfully breaking four glasses.—P.C. Corcoran said that at about nine o'clock on Saturday night he met the prisoner in Winwick-street. He was drunkond had the appearance of having been recently engaged in a fight. He asked h;in what was the matter, when 1 Murray made use of bad language. At this time Hughes came up. His shirt was torn, he was bleeding from the face, and he was in an exhausted condition. He made I a complaint to him to the effect that the prisoner had I visited his herb bear stores whilst in a state of intoxica- tion,and had made use of bad language. He ordered him to leave,but the prisoner refused to go,and then the two men commenced a struggle.—Hughes said the prisoner kicked him and knocked him down. He broke four glasses.—Prisoner : I am very sorry for what I have done.—Mr. Pierpoint : Is it true what Hughes has said ?.—Prisoner: I don't know.—Mr. Piernoint : You know very well whether it is or not. If a man is drunk he knows what he is doing to some extent.—The pri- soner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour. ASSAULT ON THE POLlCE.—Thomas Warburton, 11. Bay Horse-yard, and whose face bore indications of a recent scrimmage' was chirged with having been drunk and disorderly in Orford-et. on Saturday night, and as- saulting P.C.Turner. The officer said that when he went into Orford•st. he heard the prisoner making use 0f the most filthy language. Be asked him to go home, but he refused to do so, and threatened witness. He was com- pelled at last to take the man into custody ' • 11.3 became very violent and kicked witness on the legs several times. A civilian and Constable Corcoran came to his assistance, and prisoner was locked up.—Prisoner was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment with hard labour. Witt TM DABIAGE.—A fine of Sc. and costs was inflicted upon John Clarke, of 88, Battersby-lane,for having been drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-at. on Saturday night and wilfully damaging the cell door at the Police Station. P.C. Corcoran proved the case. P.C. Dean said the prisoner was very violent while in the cells, and prevented the other prisoners from sleeping all night. TRESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman) Mr. E. J.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Guest.

DRUNKENNESS.—For this offence William Holden,Friars' Green, wasfined ss. and costs, for being iirunk and dis- orderly in Church-street, the preceding afternoon, Eliz- abeth Smith, was fined ss. and costs, for being drunk and disorderly in Sankey-street, the same morning, for the same offence in Phillip-street, on July 28th,Margaret Pickard, was fined 53.; William Bottomley, 3 Naylor- street, was fined in a similar amount, for the same off- ence, in HOTSRMarket-greet. ASSAULT ON A WiFl3.—Benjamin Shepherd, 11 Alder- lane, was charged with assaulting his wife, Mary Shep- herd, on June 17th. The husband said that he was drunk and knew nothing about the affair. The wife said that she had to keep her two children herself, and her husband had not given her any money for twelve months. One day in question, her husband came into the house drunk, and ran at her and tapped her in the face. Ser- geant Chantler said that he saw the complainant the same day as the assault, and her face bore marks of the illtreatment she had received. Mr.. airnett said that there ought to be cat o'nine tails for such men as prisoner and he would be sent to gaol for one month. ABSENTEE FROM TRAINING —John Thorneycroft, 22, Wakefield-street, was remanded to await escort for ab- senting himself from his annual training in the Militia in June. Detective Monaghan was recommended for the usual reward. .

YOUTHFUL GAMULERS.—For gaming with cards, on July 28, in Wellfield-street. Jr,ssph Savage (17),11 Clara- street, William Hardy (16), 10 Percy-street, Samuel Willets (16), 71 Bostock-street, James H...tighton (161, 68 Bastock-street, were fined in the costs. P.C. Barlow proved the case. FOOTBALLING IN THE STREETS. —Michael MacMahon, 18 Danuett-street, John William Woods, 48 Winwick- stteet, Arthur Beswick, 47 Win wickatreet, were charged with playing football in Wi n wick-street, on July 29th. P.C.Hollingworth said that the boys were playing with a fall sized association football. The boys were fined 19.

WARRINGTON CnUNTY PETTYSESIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before_ Mr. .1. Cro,field (chairman), and

Mr. John White.

DOGS AT LARGE.—For having their dogs at large, Thomas Forsti.r, Buttonwood, was fined 7s. 6d. ; James Pownall, Penketh, 71. 6d. DRUNIEkNnESS —The following persons were dealt with for drunkenness : Margaret Wo.,ndliouse, ss. ; Richard Kenright, Penketh, on August 4, 11394, sent to gaol for one monrh.

.... A SLEEPY DRIVER.—John Houghton was charged with being asleep while in charge of a horse and cart in Penketh on July 23. P.l. Thorley, who proved the case said that he had to shake the defendant several times , before he woke him, and when he was awakened, he did not know where lie was. He was fined in the costs. A QOAREEL IE BITETONVIOOD.—WiIIiam Worthington was charged with assaulting and beating Thcmas Henry Gordon in Buttonwood on July 20.—Mr. Arthur Browne, who appeared for the complainant, said that on July 19, , Gordon was in the " Elm Tree " in Burton wood and was in conversation with Walter Gough, a farmer. The defendant came into the place and shark the com- plainant in the mouth. Complainant asked him what he meant by i hat, and he charged him with trying to trip him which complainant said was a complete fake- hood, the complainant struck defendant back. Gerdon then went out and Worthington followed and wanted him to fig ,t. Gordon refused and Worthington knocked him down, and damaged his collar acd waistcoat. He also said that he had never been in gaol. He (Mr. Browne) held that if a man suffered itarrisonment he bad atoned for his offence and no man had any right to call him or reproach him for it. As a matter of fact,the complainant had suffered twelve months' imprisonment seven years ago. Gordon went home on the 19th, and on the following day he again went to the " Elm Tree" to read the newspaper and was smoking his pipe when Worthington again came in and struck him in the mouth smashing his pipe. He a,keil Gordon to come out and fight, but Gordon replied that he would sum mow him. The summons was brought out on the Monday following, and nothing more was heard until Monday last when a cross-summons was brought out against Gordon which he (Mr. Browne) contended was an after thought and was for the purpose of giving defendant an opportunity of giving evidence. Evidence of corrobor- ation of Mr. Browne's statement was given by the com• plainant,and in cross-examination the latter denied trait he had had any political squabble with thedefendant,and he said he was not annoyed at defendant voting for Mr. Legh. In fact he did not know who Worthington voted for.—Further evidence was given by Walter Gough and Thomas Hunt.--Mr. W. J. Forshaw, who appeared for the defence, denied that his client had committed any assault upon Gordon whatever. On the contrary,Gordon assaulted Worthington. On the day in question, the complainant threw a lighted match in the facg of de- fendant and else struck him. He also affirmed that the dispute was over politics. Mr. Worthington emphati- cally denied that he had ever taunted Gordon with being a gaol " bird." Evidence was given by Mr. Worthington, Frank Metcalf, and Edward Repson, and. the bench at that point said that they did not think the Case need go any further, as they were of opinion that the parties were "six of one and half a dozen of the other," and they would dismiss the case, each side to pay its own costs. DI=PDTE BETWEEN A LANDLORD AND IDS TENANT,— John Owen was charged with committing damage to some oats, the property of James Pownall, on July 13. The evidence of James Pownall and his son Hugh Pow- nail was to the effect- that the defendant was walking , along the side of the field belonging to Pownall, in San- key, and when he saw them, he lay down in the oats to I hide' and committed damage to the extent of is. Mr. Fowler, who represented Oxen, said his client was P4w- landlord, and had served him with notice to quit on February 2ad of next year. Mr. Owen did not deny going in the field, and did rresoasa, hut them Was plenty

WHY SUFFER ONE MOMENT from torturing, dis- figuring skin diseases, when a warm bath with COTT- CORA SOAP and a single application of CuTlcusa (oint- ment) the great skin cure, will afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy,pertnanent, and economical cure, when the best phyeicians and all other remedies fail. No preparations ever compounded ' in the history of medicine have performed the wonderful cures daily made by CI:TIM:MA remedies. They are in truth the greatest skin cures, blond purifiers, end humour remedies of modern tim.s, and appeal to those who have suffered long and hopelestly, with Irresistible orce,

of room to walk between the oats and hedge without do- ing damage to the oats. He went into the field to look at the hedge, which appeared to be dying. He did not wish Pownall to see him, and accordingly when he saw Pownall he bent down below the oats, but did not lie on them or do any damage to them. Evidence was given by the defendant, and the case was dismissed. AN OLD CHARGE.—Richard Kenwright was charged with being drunk and disorderly on August 27, 1894,10 Penketh. and also with assaulting P.C. Thorley on August 2, 1895, also with doing damage to the uniform of P.C. Thorley at the same time and pl.ce. Sergeant Devlin gave evidence of the drunken and disorderly be- havieur ef the defendant in August last year, and said that since then he had been away from Penketh the greater part of the time,and until August 2-id of the pres- ent year they had been unable to apprehend him.—P.C. Thorley said that on August 23rd he saw the defendant outside the Red Lion, renketti, and witness told him he had a warrant for his apprehension. Kenwright asked him to produce it, and while witness was feeling in his pocket for it, Kenwright hit him in the chest, and tore the breast out of his coat. The damage done to the coat was LL—The Bench ordered that prisoner be sent to gaol for one month for the first two charges, and that he pay the cost of the damage done to the coat, or another month in default.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1895.

NOUS u Gf ES AND

ATHLETICS.

111

===== 0002601_18950810_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CRMICET.

The Warrington team had a holiday fixture on Mon- day, and a hcliday on Siturday. The team they met on Monday was Llandudno and a pretty mess they made of the bowling averages of someof the Warrington bowlers. For the loss of only five wickets. Llandudno scored 184 runs, or an average of almost 37 par wicket. No fewer than seven Warrington bowlers were tried and the most successful was J. J. Cro.sfi,ld whose two wickets cost 48 runs, Bates, G. Clarke, and E. Woods. each took a wicket, but Callon, Bibby and Mortimer could get never a wicket.

The fielding of the Warrington men was not so good as is usually th,. case. Had the match teen played to a finish. it is difficult to say how it would have resulted, but Warrington are enjoying an immunity from defeat which is rare in their recent history. They have not suffered defeat since the Liverpool match on June Bth, and their present record for the season is six wins, fivedraws, four lossos, and one (Broughton) abandoned. To have more wins than losses is quite a new experience to the club,but they will not be wise to shout until they are out of the wood.

As Warrington did not bat on Saturday, owing to the downfall of rain, the batting averages suffer no change this week, and consequently there is so necessity to publish them a.r.ain. Warrington have a rare chance to-clay of carrying off a victory. Until they met Oldham on June 15th,thpv had only gained a solitary victory,but they quite B'll-prised everybody by inflicting a crushing defeat upon the "Rugh yetis," and have never looked hack since. They ought to see that they do not allow Oldham to surprise them in a like fashion. The Oldham cricketers are not quite like the Oldham footballers, but they are not to be despised for all that.

The C.L.C. Engineers revenged the defeat they sus- tained some time ago at the hands of the Sankey Wes- leyans in fine style on Stturday. The way they knocked over the Wesleyans' wickets was a sight to see, and when the summing up came, it was found that the latter had only nut together 9 runs ! The top scorer was Light with 4, and there were two extras, so that the remaining 10 bud not much to boast about. All but Clare were clear bowled, and he was run out. The bowling analyses of Harrison load Monks, the C.L.C. bowlers, are worth publishing. Harrison bowled five overs, and out of these, four were maidens, and he took five wickets for one run, while Monks took four wickets for six runs. On going in to bat, the Engineers did none too avel,for th,. first two each contributed a"duck," hut for all that 49 was scored. Llewellyn was the most successful Wesleyan bowler for he took five wickets, Walker alone scored more than twice the Wesleyans' total. On the whole, the match is not one of which the West Enders have much to boast.

The second team also had to knuckle under to r.hA Engineers second on Saturday, and that was by 78 to 17. In this case, however, the Wesleyans had not their best team on, and were thus conslderably handicapped.

The Penketh Wesleyans have been busy during the holidays,for they had matches on Saturday and Monday, and won both. The match with Rough Green was de- cisive enough being 58 to 27, but that with the ser- geants of Orford B4rracks was still more so,as the latter scored 17 to Penketh 104. It must, however, be men- tioned that the sergeants were four men short, and had to play subs. The Penketh team ought to be well satis- fied with the two matches, for besides winning both, they have scored 162 rens to their opponents 44. ---- Cairo-st. Unity paid a visit to the beautiful district of Arley on Monday, and engaged the team of that name. They had, however, to return home defeated by 78 to 48. Woods and Edes were the best scorers for the Unity. Smith, the Arley secretary, was the top scorer of the match and has 16 opposite his name.

Things have been very quiet in first slass cricket. The matches which commenced on Wink holiday have all been very much hindered by rain, and in two cases, Lancashire v. Yorkshire and Gloucester and Susspx. whole day actually passed without a ball being bowkri The interest in the statistical table of the first class counties is fast waning, tor now there does not appear to be much chance of any other county taking the hlare of Surrey at the top of the table. The only remaining interest in the table is as to the order the teams will be. The first and last, Susrey and Somerset, appear to be tolerably safe for their positions, but then there is plenty of room for change in the others..

The annual August Bank Holiday fixture between Lancashire and Yorkshire ended in a draw, and both counties have each won 23 matches, so that next year they will have a fresh start. The match this week was very ctiaegeable. In the first innhags of the Lancashire team, the batsmen failed completely, and Yorkshire had no diffieulty in passing the score and putting on a large number of runs in excess. They applied the closure and left Lancashire 167 to get to avert a single innings defeat, hut so steady did Lancashire play that this feat was accomplished and Yorkshire were robbed of vic- tory.

Surrey have not had their umal luck this week. and were robbed by the rain of a certain victory over Notts. However they hive had so much good fortune thia season that they ought not to grumble at a little bad luck.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DROWNING FATALITY AT BEWSEY.

On Friday evening, a boy named James Edward Griffiths. four years of age, son of Henry Griffiths, lead- raster. 2, Ellis-street, Bewsey-road, Warrington, was playing with some other children at the turn bridge over the St. fle!ens canal, at Lodge-lane, Bewsry, when in turning a somersault on the bridge, he fell into the water. His companions at once raised the alarm, and a man employed on the Canal a short time afterwards pulled the boy out of the water, but too late to save his life. Mr. F. A. Jones. deputy c-roner, held an inquest on the body of the deceased on Tuesday, at the Imperial Hotel, Bewsey-road, Mr. Mitchell was th- fareman of the jury. .1 he father of the deceased ssid that his son left home about 715 on Friday night. The cana was about half a mile from his house. The deceased had previously been warned not to go near to the canal. Fred Forster, one of the boys who were playing with the deceased at the time of the accident, said that the deceased was try- ing to toss a somersault over the rails of the bridge and missed his hold and fell into the water. Thomas Mills, engine driver rm a dredger, said that he was near the bridge on Friday night at the time the accident occurred. Immediately upon hearing of the boy being in the water, witness commenced to search for the body, and it was recovered about eight o'clock. In reply to questions by the jury, the witn.ss said that the rails on the bridge were about a foot with, and boys could awing through them. The Coroner said that the more danger there was, the more boys wc.,uld get into it. If the jurors desired they could make a presentment which he would forward to the oroper quarters. One of the jurymen mentioned that shoot. thief+ weeks ago, the scholars in the Ragged School were spending a day in a field near to the bridge, and many of them flocked to the bridge. It was a won- der some of them were not drowned. After some con; siderable discussion, a verdict of " Accidental death " was returned, with a suggestion that better provision be made to prevent similar accidents in the future.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURIOUS 'NESTING PLACE.

Of all places for a bird's nest the buffer of a railway wagon surely beats the record. As a wagon laden with ironwork for a new jam factory was being recently un- loaded, one of the meu observed a little moss protruding from a small hole in the centre of one of the buffers. Upon examination he found inside the buffer a snug nest, con' aining one tiny egg. As the wagon had tra- velled from North Safford to Histon. near Cambridge, a distance ot 150 miles, the marvel is that the egg was not broken. The poet Cowper has immortalised a pair of chaffinches which built their nest in a pull y block near to the top of a mast, and then followed the ship to sea, and the above is perhaps equally deserving ef record.

One curious fact brought out by the report of public prosecutions in England is that the number of prosecu- ti,•na for murder in 1894 was identically the same as in 1893, sixty-two men and fifty-two wornm having been proceeded against in each year.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICIC ET.

el 80. G. BUSSBY & Co., the leading Sports Manufactu- kir en s of London, S. R., have published a most complete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers. Golfers len- nisers, Croquet Players and the like. If you cannot obtain a ropy from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co.. as above Winter nports Catalogues ready in August.

ALLEN-STREET v. DALLAII-L&NE.—This match was played on the ground of the former, and resulted in a defeat by the homesters by 21 runs. Taylor was the most successful on the homesters' side.

WARRINGTON V. LLANDUDNO.—This annual bank hob- day fixture was played at Llandudno on Monday, the threatening state of the weather accounting for only a small attendance. The visitors were only moderately represented, and with the wickat in an ea..l, state, the home side displayed rare form, scoring 184 for the loss of five wickets, when they applied the closure. The visi- tors were left with a little over an hour in which to try their essay, but during the wait rain fell heavily, and there being little prospect of cessation, the match was abandoned. Halstead batted in fine style for his . score of 72, whilst Dr. Travis displayed rare patience in com- plying his 36. The fielding of Warrington was hardly up to that standard of excellence which has characterised it of late, but mention should be made of brilliant catches effected by G. Clarke and J. Callon. Score and bowling analysis :

ST. ANN'S V. BANIC-STREET.—This match was played on the ground of the former and ended as follows:

ST. ANN. 'S. BANK-STREET. Khight b Duckworth 0 A Duckworth b Gibson ... 19 Downie be Woods Taylor b Duckworth 2 Watson b Appleton 1 Gibson c Blinkencroft b Woods b Appleton Duckworth Appleton b Duckworth 3 Chadwick b Appleton 0 1 Bunch run out 0 Hibbert b Gibson Dykes b Duckworth Bsswick c Watson b Woods 2 Whittle b Gibson 2 Bolsworth b Duckworth ... 0 Butterworth c Beswick b Jolley b Duckworth Morris not out 0 Woods not out Extras

Total EtamesTowN v. PRESCOT.—PIayed at Earlestown on Saturday. Score : EARL ESTOWN. PRRSCOT. G Holland a Schofield b J. Schofield not out Clarke 6 J Player c T Marsh b G W Dennis b Clarke l2 Husband 6 J Miller lbw b Stott W H Crowther b Clarke 0 Hudd,eston J H Alderson c Holland sub J. Evans c Iluddleston b b Clarke 6 Husband l3 T Barker b Stott 6 J Stott c Mitchell b Alder W Huddleston c Prescott b son Clarke 3 F Whitfield c Miller b W Emmett b Clarke T Marsh c and b Clarke 5 F Allen c Mitchell b T Mitchell net out l2 Dennis 2 3 Marsh b Crossley... ..... ... 1 Clarke c Miller b Husband 9 T Crossley not out 3 S Holland (sub)} W Grundy did not bat Extras ll Extras 2

Total 95 Total B2 EARLESTOWN V. ST. HELENS RECS.—At St. Helena on Monday afternoon. Score :

T. HELENS RECS. ELRLESTOWN. Robinson c and b Bates 1 OW Dennis b Gregory ... 0 Gregor., c Emmett b Bates 5 GI Husband b 'larch S Westhead c Crowther b J Miller c Foreman b arsh 75 Marsh 4B W Nichols c liuddleston h It Bates b Marsh 0 Bates IL Foreman a Crowther b W H Crowther °Tickle b

Alde-son 66 Robinson 3. Marsh e Miller b Bates... 3 T Mitchell c Robiason b E Houseman et Mitchell b Oreory 8 Bates _ __. 9

W Tickle not out l5 W Huddleston not out ... 7 W Shaw not out 5 OW Emmett I did not bat J Makin } dld not bat 3 Marsh J Houseman Extras 4 Extras 9

Total for 7 wkt5...179 Total for 7 wkts...loo E&RLESTOWN 2ND V. PRESCOT 2ND.—At Prescot on Sat- urday. Scores :

- EARLESTOWN. PRESCOT. J Sanders cant b Stott 4l II Birdsall o Horsley b W Hatton c sub b Seddon 0 Hipwood c .Whittleld b G H Lyon b Gray King 0 T Seddon c Hipwood b J Ogden b Holden lO Ogden lB J Grey b Holden 1 WSt tt not out ' 36 J Barr b Stott F J Emmett c Birchen b b Harrison 6 Stott 1 W L Holden nof out 7 F Reads b Holden F Horsley b Holden F Martindale not out 6 T Alcock did not bat W Harrison b Stott 8 J Preston W King Extras ll Extras 2

Total 9B

Total 120

===== 0002601_18950810_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LLINDUDNI.

J 3 Marks c Duck;o7i,b-I;J.br-osfield 3l a L i'ravis c Carke b Bates 36 T Bibby b Clarke 37 Clarke b J Crosfield 3 A Halstead c Callon b Woods 72 A D Monks not out 0 Extras 5

Total 184 BOWLING ANALYSES. 0. M. R. IT. Orosfield Bate. l9 .. 7 ... 38 ... 1 G Clarke Cal lon Biblly W Mortimer .. E Woods

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. SANEST VI, ESLEYANS SEcoNn TEems.—This match was played on the ground of the Engineers. Battersby-lane, on Saturday last, the result being an easy win for the home team. Score:— WESLEYAN&

ENGINEERS.

Deeley b Roderick Siddall b Roderick .... ....... 2 Highley c Lawless b blenders b Roderick Lawle:s b High'ey 1 Jowett b Hackett b Irvine b Roderick Hogg c Cotterill b Higley 14 Goret b Genders Highs= b Roderick Peacock b Roderick Hackett a Cottetill b Fern- Pemberton b Deeley 3 berton Knight b Pemberton Harding not out 2 Jones b Deeley Pritchard not out Jones c Higham b Genders 0 Extras

Total

Total

CHESHIRE LINE ENGINEERS V. SANKEY WESLEYANS —The return match between these clubs was played at Sankey last Saturday and resulted in a very easy win for the visitors. Thomas Walker played splendid cricket for his score of 19. Harrison and Monk's howling made sad havoc of the Wesleyans wickets. Score : _ _

F.NOINEF.RO. MANKEY WFSLETANS. How .rd b Llewellyn ~. 0 Llewellyn b Harrison 0 Monks b Llewellyn Lawless h Llewellyn S Walker b Watkin 7 Booth h Monks e Thomas Walker b Morrell... 19 Taylor b Monks 0 Harrison h Llewellyn Warhurst b Mrrrell 1 Bennett b Harrison Hackett not out Ttobinson b Llewellyn ...... 2 Watkins b Monks Howard b Taylor 1 Morrell h Harrison • impson c Watkins b Pritchard not out 0 Morrell • Extras 5 Extras 2

Total ST. BAR'ABS' V. WELLFIELD-STREET CC.—Played on the ground of the latter. Scores :

- FT. 71ARWATI AS. CC WVIA7IIMD-oT. CC W Whltthead b W Dunn... 4 A IMarahall c Humphreys P Hart lbw b J Blackshaw 13 b Hart 0 H Bellin c J Marsh b J W Dunn c Hawthorn b Blackshaw 2 Hart 1,1 Unsworth b J Black?haw 0 R Marshall at Hart ..... 2 T Humphreys b Marehail... 4 J Blabkshaw b Hart 8 C Hdwthorn hR Marshall 4 R spencer b Hart 8 H Canard bJ 0 A Jackson b Hart 1 A Towers c A Marshall b J j Marshall b Hart Martha!! ............. 0 W Yates b Humphreys A Broadhurst b W Dunn ... 0 R Marshall st Hart 5 (1, Rkelland b A Marshall... 0 C Crooks not c,..t 0 T Bellian not out 0 W Williams c Unsworth 0

Total

_ Total 33

PEvRRTIT WFSLEYAVS v. SF RGEANTS, ORFORD BARRACKS.—PIarrd at Penketh on Monday, the Wesley- aria winning. The visitors were four men ahort. Parlow took fiCP wicketa for eight rune, and Wilkinson four for nine. Below are the scores :

SP.ROP.A NTS. PFNICFTTI WISLEYANg. Sergeant Healey h Barlow 6 Appleton b Barnett 8 Sergeant Brennan b Barlow 0 Barlow b Barnett ll Sergeant Beale not out ...... 8 A Wilainson cG E Smith Sergeant Altmann c ArPle- b Barnett 8 ton h PArlow Sergeant Barnett b Wilkin- Parker run out 2B son Sergeant Riley run one gent ant Scott b Wilkinson 0 Dumbill b Healey b Beale 0 H Greenhalgh c P Wilkinson Davies not out ll h Ti .rlow 0 Barlow did not bat ..... .... 0 A l‘aviea a A Wilkinson h Pu ill run out Wi,kinson 0, E Smith c Appleton b Wilkinson .. 0 B Cross h Barlow 0 Extras 0 Exr.ras

Total l7

Total 104

PENERTH WESLEYANS V. HOUGH GREEN.—Played ar renketh on Saturday, the home ream winning easil7. Wilkinson took Mx wickcts for 14 runs. Dunabin two for ven, and Bowyer two for none. Below are the scores :

ROUGH GREEN. PENICETH WESLEYAN& Booth b Wilkineon Callow] lbw b Wilkinson ... 7 Cartwright lbw b Booth 1 Bihlw c F Wilkinson b Wilkinton st Walker b

.-- . - . ....-......... _ _ Wilkinson W Walker not out __

J A ir;liet:b-13unabin Garstang c Parker b Parker c Booth b W Dun bin 4 Walker 4 Lewis c and I) Wilkinson ... 1 F Wilkinson run out 0 Higham b Wi:kinsod 0 Dunabin b Walker Stanley b Wilkinson 0 Durnbill c Lewis b Gars. Davies b Powyer 1 tang Richardson b Bowyer 0 W T Wilkinson run out... 1 A shton run out Bowyer not out 3 Extras 1 Extras 3

Tot tl .

Total 5B

, ARLEY' PARK T. CAIRO-EIT. UNITY (Torelce a side).— This match was placed at Arley on Monday,and resulted in a win for the home team by 30 runs, from which Hughes and Smith were the best scorers with 16 and 19. The following are the scores ARLEY. UNITY. J Ireland b Woods 3 Brown c Ireland c Smith 1 It Ireland e White b Peers 9 Hampson ht wkt b Ireland 2 Smith lbw bff ampson l6 Peers e Warbu,ton b Warburton b Woods Dale b Woods noXey c Plinston 's Woeds 7 White C Beswick b Smith 3 Nelson h Hampson 0 Bennett c Wsrburton b Hughes h Brown l9 Ireland 2 Beswiek b Plinston 0 Woods b Qmith l2 .7 Ort-m e 31,n1cs b Plinston 4 Monks c Nelson b Smith 0 G Orton h Plinston , Lewis not out Eden b Ireland lO J Plinston not out 3 Extras 6 Extras 5 _ Total 7B Total 4B ARPLRY JUNIORS V. Sr. ALBAN.—Played at Arpley. Score : JUN/Olti ST. ALBAN'S. Dunn run nut - l3 Gaffey b Hughes Newton is Brown l3 Finnigan mu ont 6 T Hought,n b Gaffey 2 Costello h Hughes H Dutton b Gatt. y.... ..... ... 18 Brown b Jewkes Jewkes b Brown B Dutton I. Gaffey I J Finnigan c Johnson 1 Hughes b Gaffey . W Houghton b McEvoy ... 0 Fagan b llughes Johnson not out Worthington b McEvoy. ... 1 McCue is Hughes 2 1 A Dutton b Gaffey 0 3 McCue b Hughes Ward not out 2 Extras l9 Extras

Total ll2

Total 5B

IVFIITFCROSB 2ND V. GUARDIAN OFFICE BT.—This, the return match between the above teams was played on the ground of the former on Tuesday night. The " Guardian "won the toss and elected to bat, sending up the total nf 55, of which Massey contributed 26 in fine style. Evans and Nook started for Whiteeross, and 43 was scored before a separation was made, Evans being howled hv Massiev for a valuable 20. The innings closed 1 for 66, Wbiterrnss thus winning by 11 runs. Scores :- 1 WIIITIMRO9.9. GUARDIAN. Rvan•h Mt, cry Nock h %Tassev Po,ter lbw b Gibson P. rcival b Massey Whittaker b Masiey Barton run out 0 Gibson b Percival Johnsm rim ont ........ ...... 0 Freeman b Pe:cival 5 Roberts lbw is Freeman 0 S Bickers b Percival Cr Hess b Massey . Woot head ,Ot. Ut Lee b Massey 2 SrencPr b Potter 4 Griffiths not out G Bickers b Potter 0 Extras l6 Extras 5

T0ta1...... ......... 66 Total ............ 55

IMlhm••=Mildbm...•._

.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LEGE( CHALLENGE CUP COMPETITION.

ELRLESTOWN V. NORTH ASHTON.—Played at Newton on Siturday. Score:—

_ EARL ESTOP/N. NORTH ASHTON. J Gee James Ws on 2l James Lowe T Compton 9 G Shaw 13 Thompson 2l W Shaw, Jun l7 J Finch J Savage 2l T Adamson lB G Jones 7 W Lowe 21 R Sherlock 2l J Arkwright J MeAtee A Gee 6 W Twist 2l J Bed worth S Warburton 2l T Shaw l5 J Mitchell l6 J Birchall 2l .1- Lowe It Green l3 G Davies 2l P Talbot 2l J Taylor

Tooal 253

Total 301

===== 0002601_18950810_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Majority for Ashton 148 WARRING rON AND DISTRICT BOWLING LEAGUE.

CEMETERY V. LIBERAL CLUB, 18T TEAMS.-111eSe teams met in the above competition on Saturday last on the Cemetery Hotel Green when the home team wen by a majority of 56 points. Below are the individual scores :

G Ball, jun. TBo ton l5 JJe mings 5 H Williams R Bothwell T Ellison W Talbot 0 Ball, sen. J Hewitt R Farrington J D Brimelow (captain) ... 15 J. Parr ll W Gleave J Allison l5 W H Hooper 6

Tot al 173

Total _ 117

Mr. R. Anderton, president, officiated as referee. CEMETERY IN V. LIBERAL CLUB (2ND TEAMS).—These teams tried conclusions on the Liberal Club Green, on Saturday last when the visitors proved successful by 24 points. The following is a list of the individual players and scores :

CEMETERY. LIBERAL CLIJB. R Young A Ball l3 J Howarth l5 W Barton ••• l5 T Craddock lO J Ashton WlPovev J T Whittle J T Farrington 15 CRot,erts lO W Haigh G Morton

Mr. W. Shaw (Bull's Head),officiated as referee.

SARACEN'S HEAD V. WINNINGTON PARE.—The return match between the abova clubs was played at Wilders- pool on Siturday afternoon. Owing to the rain the ground was rather heavy. Many of the games were well contested, the result being a win for the home team by 64 points. On the two matches, however, they were the lo.ers by 21, as at Winnington Park the Saracen's Head team were beaten by 85. After the match, the players sat down to an excellent tea, provided by Mrs. Speakman.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE ON TFEE ARMENIAN QUESTION.

Mr. Gladstone addressed a great meeting on Tuesday at Chester on the subject of the outrages in Armenia. He moved a resolution assuring Her Majesty's Govern- ment that they will have the cordial support of the en- tire nation, without distinction of party, in any mea- sures which they may adopt for securing to the people of Turkish Armenia such reforms in the administration of that province as shall provide effective guarantees for the safety of life, honour, religion, and property. The resolution also declared that no reforms can be effective which are not placed under the continuous control of the Great Powers of Europe. Mr. Gladstone said this was no party or religious question. The statements of horrors which made the nation's blood run cold had been verified in all their sickening details, not only bY European testimony but by that of Americans. who, having no political inter- ests in Turkey, were witnesses doubly entitled to credit. The proceedings in Armenia might, he thought ; be summed up in four words—plunder,murder,rape,and ; torture. Plunder and murder, one would think, were had enough; but plunder and murder were almost venial by the side of the work of the ravisher and the work of the torturer as it was now fullyand authentically known to have been going on. ne held that the Turkish Govern- ment were morally responsibile for all the horrid deeds that had rec-ntly been put before the country. Mr. Gladstone pointed out that England in particular had power to redress these wrongs, and he insisted that the Ottoman Government should no longer be allowed to ignore its treaty obligations and promises. Every motive o, duty, he urged, coincided with every motive of self- respect in furtherance of this view. In replying to a vote of thanks, the rihit hon. gentleman said he had the firm conviction that this effort made by the people of Chester—an effort which might possibly be imitated In other places—would he viewed with a very friendly eye by Her Majesty's Government, and would tend to assist and net to impede them in the discharge of the grave and heavy responsibility which rested upon them , with respect to Armenia.

-

===== 0002601_18950810_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE.

TEIE RACE QUESTION.

At Wednesday's sitting oithe Wesleyan Conference, resolutions were passed disapproving of proposals made by the South African Cfmforence as not being in harmony with the principles of Methodism touching fellowship and discipline, and declaring that the constitution of Methodism did not recognise in respect of the conditions of church membership any diversity of administration as between persons of different race and colour. The Conference decided that in indicating degrees possessed ty ministers the names of the universities conferring them should be entered in all official documents, but that the desree of DD. should be exempt from this role. The final reading of the stations was completed last evening.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY SOCIETY MEMINGS.

FORESTER 3 AT BRIGHTON.

The sixtv-first annual High Court meeting of the Ancient Order of Foresters opened at Brighton on Mon- day. Brother George Allbery, High Chief Ranger, in his address, reviewed the work of the past year, and said it was highly gratifying to find that the efforts made to improve their financial position had resulted in an in- crease of capital during the twelve months of over a quarter of a million sterling—the largest increase ever recorded. Alluding to cld age pensions, he said that, I whatever may be attempted by ethers, it behoved them to offer every possible inducement and facility to their members to make provision for themselves. In his opinion the ultimate solution of the difficulty would be found in the cessation of sickness benefits and the com- mencement of an annuity at a given age. If they would retain their titles of self-reliant and self-dependent, and, what was of equal if not greater importance, if they wished to retain the absolute right to control and manage their own "'Affairs without interference from others, they must exercise all the energy they possessed and make all the necessary sacrifices to keep themselves from accepting gratuitous assistance from anybedv party whatsoever outside of their own mutual brother- hood.

The Foresters' High Court meeting was resumed at Brighton on Tuesday. Before the commencement of the ordinary business a resolution of sympathy with the sufferers from the fireworks accident at Preston Park on the previous evening was passed, and £lOO was voted on their behalf. It was decided that the High Court meeting of 1897 should be held at Norwich. The report of the Special Committee appointed a year ago to in- quire into the system of government of the Order was presented and discussed. The report proposed an entire alteration in the whole system of management, but each clause of it was rejected by an overwhelming majority. At Wednesday's meeting of the F)resters' High Court, permission was given to American subsidiary high courts to amplify the ritual of the Order for their own use. Two delegates crossed the Atlantic expressly to make this re- quest, and one of them stated that the ritual in the United States must be more elaborate than at present if they were to make any progress at all there. A long dis- cussion took place on a motion that the Executive Council should take steps to compel all courts having a relative degree of solvency of 17a. 6d. or less in the pound to take immediate action to place themselves in a more solvent position. Finall the resolution was lose by 188 votes to 148.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
INDEPENDENT ORDER OF RECHABITES.

The thirty-sixth High Movable Conference of the In- dependent Order of Reehabites took place at the Royal Pavilion, Brighton, on Tuesday. The report showed that the sickness and mortality returns for 1894 were favourable compared with previous years. The aver- age sickness per member was five and three-quarter days and the rate of mortality seven per thousand. The High Chief Ruler alluded in his address to the old-age pensioa question. Members of friendly societies must, he said, be careful not to allow State interference and control over the societies, which would have a tendency to undermine the self-reliance of the people and cause them to depend on the State for what they themselves were able to provide. At the Rechabites' meeting on Wednesday the official valuer presented his report, which showed that many tents in the Order are working on a table of contribu- tions which is not sufficiently high to ensure solvency. The report called forth considerable discussion. A strong determination was expressed in favour of all the tents being brought up to the point of absolute solvency, and the Board of Directors were authorised to suspend tents which fail to adopt adequ rte tables of contributions. It was further decided that Nelson's tables should be adopted throughout the Order for all new members.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL PRINCE'S IN DANGER.

STARTLING DISCOVERY AT PORTSMOUTH.

A Portsmouth correspondent states that the torpedo- boat destroyer Charger, upon which the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York had a trip to the Needles on Thursday last, was oaths following day to have her gun trials. These were, however, postponed, and for a singu- lar reason. It on Wednesday transpired that about two minutes after the Prince and tho Duke, who were ac- companied by several distinguished officers, landed at Portsmouth on Thursday, the attention of the engineer- ing staff was directed to the peculiar manner in which smoke was issuing from the Charger, and they found then that the crown of the fire-box was cracked right across. The fire was immediately drawn to prevent the boiler from bursting, and there the incident ended, but It is alleged that bad the crack occurred while the vessel was steaming twenty-seven knots a hour the result would probably have been a shocking disaster,

===== 0002601_18950810_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A MIDNIGHT ROW IN BATTERSBY LANE.

PLUCKY CONDUCT OF A SERGEANT.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Thursday, before Mr. S. Chandley and Colonel Ridgway, William Broad- bent, Forster-at., Ernest Priestley, and Fred Tilley, last from Present, were charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Battersby-lane at 11.10 the previous evening. j They were also charged with assaulting and beating William Jenks, and Sergeant Oscar Stacey at the same time and place. The Chief Constable said that sometime on Wednes- day morning the three defendants were met by Sergeant Cheeney in Sankey-street,and they then wanted to know the way to Haydock-at., and another place. He directed them thither, and one of them then remarked that per- haps they would see him again. At about 11.10 the same evening, Mr. Jenks, who is the landlord of the Albion Hotel, Battersby-lane, unloosed his dog as was usual,and soon afterwards he heard it barking furiously. He went out and heard a scuffling outside the gate. Upon looking over he saw the three defendants scuffling, and on asking them what they were doing, he received a severe blow in the head with a stick in reply. Mr. Jenks then went out and followed the men and blew a whistle for help. The defendants then turned upon Mr. Jenks, and Sergeant Stacey, a non-commissioned officer, who resides in Lairs-st. came to his assistance and also several other men including P.C. Monks (38), who re- sides near to, and after great difficulty the defendants were brought to the police station. Sergeant Stacey was very badly injured in the struggle. William Jenks said that his dog commenced barking very savagely at about 11.10, and he thought some- thing must be wrong. He went into the yard, and stood on the cross bar of his back gate, and there saw the three defendants wrestling outside, all three being on the floor. Witne.rs said that they would be better at home, when Priestley got the stick produced, and broke it across his (witness's) head. Tilley also got the stick, and gave him a blow behind the ear, the force of the blow knocking him off the gate. Witness was not going to submit to this treatment, and he followed de- fendants to Laira-street. When they saw he was so close to them, they turned round on him, and Priestley and Tilley knocked him to the ground. Witness blew a policemiin's whistle, and Sergeant Stacey and others came to his assistance. Sergeant Stacey was severely kicked by one of them. He knew that Priestley bit him first with the stick, because of his bald head. Sergeant Stacey. who appeared in court with his nose severely lacerated, said that upon hearing the whistle blowing, he went out to see what was the matter and saw the last witness upon the ground, and two defend- ants assaulting !aim, Broadbent meanwhile standing by. IVitness shouted out " Stop that," but Priestley and Broadbent rushed at him and knocked him to the ground. While down on the ground, Tilley kicked him in the face, but other people coming up, the defendants were taken into custody. The kick which witness had received in the face had severely injured him, and five stitches had had to be put into his nose. The defend- ants were drunk at the time but still they knew what they were doing. Mr. Whitfield, who resides next door to the Albion, said that whets the defendants came to the back gate, they kicked at it bard enough to knock it dawn. He saw them bit Mr. Jenks with the stick, and he also followed them. One of them would have assaulted him but owing to help coming, he escaped. P.C. Monks said that he left duty at 10 o'clock on Wednesday evening,and was just going to bed, when he heard a whistle blow. He resided near to in Forshaw-st. He found the defendants drunk, and they had assaulted Mr. Jenks and Sergeant Stacy. He brought them to the Police Station with the assistance of several other per- sons. The defendants were not so drunk as Etat to know what they were doing. P.C. Cheney said that on Wednesday morning the de- fendants asked him the way to Haydock and Church streets. Re directed them, and then jocularly asked them if they wanted to know the way to anywhere else. They asked him if he could tell them the way to the Bridewell—(laughter)—and be told them that if they would go round by Church-st. they would get there.— Cress-examined by Priestley : He did not think that the defendants were serious.

The defendants expressed themselves as very sorry for what had been done, and said that they were drunk at the time,and had no clear recollection of what had taken place. The Bench decided to fine each defendant 30e. and costs or a month's imprisonment in default. They also complimented Sergeant Stacey for hi conduct the pre- vious evening. They regretted that his personal appear- ance had: to some extent been spoiled, and that they could not give him any pecuniary compensation, as they would have been only too glad to do so. Mr. Hunt also thanked Sergeant Stacey on behalf of the police.

The coroner's jury who inquired into the fatal mis- adventure of a woman parachutist at Peterborough on Tuesday added to their verdict of accidental death the following expression of opinion :—" That since no useful purpose is served by these senseless exhibitions, at which the lives of performers are risked, they should be made illegal."

RAILWAY TIME T. BL E. :AUG U6T FROM WARRINUTGN 'TO A 15 536 D. Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 50,2 35' - --. 120. Sundays 10 15 a.m. •6. Aitcar and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a11 15,1 143 js,a 40, ca 9 Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50. a Stops if required. „ lays 8 Birminghaml6o7nzivo: l 35. Sundays i d&saik ii is d-eWaxyc. sey *p33t 00e .d, a 3.322330., 07 N.. 94520 G. , 1121 Oi 61. 58a :Al3O. 51•_ x so' Birmingham (Midland)-6 14. 932, 11 55, 1255.320• 5 5 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. 6 IB4l.asek4b7ulron-22540u,n5d2a0y,5584453, .86305., 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 25. 3211548: 1 Blackpool-5 20, 545, 835, 955, 10 0. 11 40,1235' 3 48, 6 14, 117, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. 21, 6 Bolton-2 45, 8 25, 9 19. 10 0, 10 40. 12 14, 3 20, 7 17, 9 8 Sundays 740 a.m 50. p.m. Carlisl -2 40, 5 20, 5 45, .10 0, 11 40, 225. 348. Sumi•lP 2 40, 3 35 , 52 Chester-7 30a. 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40. ' ' 422, 5 11. 6 4. 7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, cm. 11 32. a Mondays and Saturdays only. ri 48 55' Collins Green-7 10. 820. 105, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30. - ' 820, '1 8, 9 15. 1020. Sundays 843. 60. 12 0 157' Crewe-a3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 8 28, 9 50. 10 45. ' 4 21, , °4 25, 2 35, 3 11, 5 15, 7 23, 11 35. Sundays 30. 3 23. 10 15. 1135. aMondays excepted. 6Mondays onlv. Daresbury-7 42, 96, 12 15, 152. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 742 , 10 14- Sundays 844, 7 45 p.m. 5 - n Derby (Midland)-6 14, 959, 11 55, 1255, 320, , Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Earlesto• n-5 45. 710. 8 25, 835, 10 45, 12 7. 12 7 ao, 8 43' 3 30, 3 48. 5 5, 6 20,7 8, 9 15. 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,• 60, 7 47,9 45. *Saturdays only. 25 3 48, 10 15^ bldinburgh-2 40. 5 20. 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 , Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penkrth -7 38, 8 25, a, - al 11 53,-2 5. 1 20, 5 12, 6 17, 8.0. 948. Sunda" 6' .482 40 750. 51 1 ' 64* Frodsbam-7 42. 9 5, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17. a 22' 7 42.10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Line)-1 12, 756, 831. 9 Sao' 15, 2 10. 40, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20. 11 3 ado• days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 )0, 9 18, 1018. dB•4 only. cSaturdays excepted. 10 17' Glasgow-2 40, 520, 955, 11 40, 12 35. 225. 348. Sundays 2 40, a.m. 945. Golbome-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 A 6 • only• ....8. 535. 7 17, 915 1010. Sundays 8 4-• ‘,210,4 0, Hongn Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31. 95, a 9 30,120 1 0,00304 60. 70. 79, 80, 59 30, 010 20, ••• anlY• 90, 1125, 2 39, 7 10, 918. a3louclays and Saturdar s 15, bSaturdays excepted. n i 6 7 0, • Irlam and Cadishead (Central)- 70, 7 55, D: . Sundays 8 56. 10 12. 3 23, 5 15, 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 30, 7 22. 0 °,l' 45. 9 13' 1049, 12 36. 1 16. 338. 411.518,613. 7 Sundays 850, 38, 818. aSaturdays only. , Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, B'.-- s 43, 0 "-• 12 35, 3 48, 55,620 7 8, 10 20. Sundays 520, 8 35' 456, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform• Liverpool (From Low Level Yiattorm)-7 38. °„`,,- 2 40, ' "-.,1• 11 53. 25, 3 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sun davit 7 5 ' 267 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35. 5 30,7 12 „' c 0 1 851,95, 950, 1024, 1030, 1050, 1150, 12.. 1° ~ 3, 15. 141.150,210.250,38. 337, 3 504 0, 4 50..,,°,0, 11? 650,70, 7 5C., 80, 8 50.9 6, 920, 10 15 1046. 8",i').0, 800. Sundays 4 35,5 30. 90, 9 45. 955, 11 25. 2 20, Z 39, 120'. 9 18, 1018, 1033. aßxeept Mou lays. London (L.l N.-W4-03 0, b 3 23. 735• 9 m•', 20, 11 • 1 52, 2 35, 3 11. 5 15, 11 36. Sundays 30, 10 15, London (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20' 318; Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20,7 22, 80. 00,9 58, 1049. 12 36,53,3 8 - ' 4 11, 5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays aSaturdays only. From Arley Station Manchester (L. A N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 20, 3 20, 4 21. 55. 7 17, 98. 13 20. Sundays 60. 60, 7 47, 8 Si, From High Level Flail or m• ......0627 Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level P,AtfOrni)o,ll4o. 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 8 Sundays 846. 35. 815, 11 40. "F A ley gaol 90' rom rp g 5 , 05 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 18', 4 55,60 a 955. 1055, 11 25, 1155, 1255, 155, 255. 3 5,,,n 11 ;,4.--' 6 55,7 0, 7 55, 8 12. 8 55, 915,955, 6100, all 15, 11 'as, 9 D." Sundays 8 56. 9 37, 10 12, 35, 3 23, 5 15, 7 18' " 9 30, 935, 100. aSaturdays only. Middlewich-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 535. 7 28. 2°45.:7.40, PO' 1 g Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 720. StmdaY4 1005 a 35. 26 Newton-le-Willows-2 45, a 4 45, 5 40, -35, 9 - - . 10 0, 10 40, 12 14, 1235. 1 156 3 23, 348. 4 21,5 7 17, 98, 9 15, 10 10. 10 20. Sundays 2 45. 'l4O. ,-., 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47, 8 53, 9 25, 9 55. calondays 011•0' Sacs 0n1y.,4 2 17,- Padgate-7 0, 755,8 16,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 1227 ,1 ".,,'9 36. ic 5 28,7 0, 8 12. 915. Sundays 856. 10 12, 3 50, 5„,,0. 12n1 Preston-2 40. 520, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 10 0, I..''/- 3 35, 9- ' 25, 3 48,6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays Z 40. 8 •''' 5 12 2 45. n 80, Runcorn-7 38, 8 25, 943, 11 53, 25, 3 20. -4,' 0, • Sankey (for Penketh)-7 53, 95, 105. 110: 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29. a 6 0. 70,80, a 9 30, 810 20.1°_, 3Sator days 90. 1125. 239, 9 18. aSaturdays ex-cePte". 00 days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and 9,11 5 pp; -8 55, 1055, 1227, 155, 46, 6 55. 5u115&•6-35. St. Helens--5 25, 710. 82 ), 83), 105, 13 7. i• 60, 9 I . 3 43, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. SundaysB,7lo, 11 150, Southport (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 3`• 0-5 2 5, " - 114. 3 15, 40, 53, 65,7 9, 9 10. Sundays 38,471. Thelwall-6 20,7 22, 8 0. 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 38.1 ,aSaturdays only. ,1,6.3 a 84tur- -5 18, 613. 78. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays. 8 50. 36, 8 '''' ays only. From Arpley Station. . n 11 0.1,2 2 5 29 0 7 8 0 10. 256, (Cheshire Lbine, 5)0...? 56, ,8 31,9 5,1, ~, days 90, 936, 2 39. 9 18, aSaturdays o.oted. " only. 10 10 11 53, Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 825. 9 43, n 46, . 320, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sunda 648 2, 48' ' --. 51 15 ". - ' lao 12 Wigan-2 40, 523. 545. 7 10, 835 9 55. 1 -.., 0... 225. 348, 535, 614, 8 47, 10 2. 10 '/O. Sua`ak• - 2 3 35. 60,9 45 9 10, a 9 30, 610. %vow

8 44, 829 , Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45. 8 52, n 43, 37, 4 36, Sundays 7 53. 4 32. 54 suudlla Altear and Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 9 ' 20, 2 26, 8 22. , 15. i 30 12 Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550. 7 20,9 0, 1- 9 40, 3 40, 550, 125, 11 1.5. Sundays 310, 12 15, 7°' i 93, .• ' Birmingham (31idland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 'l2. 545 d 45. blO 30,11 19. Sundays 430 4 90. opt Mondays. / 755, 191 ' Blackburn-8 30, 8 50, 10 48. 1 35, 24, 3 14' Sundays 8 0, 5 40, 8 B/33811., : ec Ikkorp 0.000. il 8( (cjneandl tbarelatsoll-7 o4Baood. ).1-83288i1, 828,15856,485 .409. 55 , 1 ° 35' 3 5' 1 I°' . Q. 2 tr, A 4 45, 6 55, 8 15. Sunda3 6 7 10, 1 20, 4 05. 8 50. 415, 51'' Bolton-5 45, 80, 8 40. 9 15, 10 35 12 35.2 23, 6 55, 8 30. Sundays 820 a.m. 610. 9.20 pall. . 33, 8 41. .. Carlisle-12 5, 650, 8 40, 1.2 34, 1 4J, 422, 4 Chester-2 0,7 25, 845, 940, .0.12, 11 5, 2 19A • 1 1 40, 12 0, 6ay ' Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p m 25, 2a3,51m00.,, Collinss63 254805 f G685„23532. ,n, 57—p .3°48m73:. 89a6, 51376a51.t8u: rod3B4asa4v, .258. only. ny: a. . ‘21.v5.2553.0.86.31.100, : ~,1::°1': Yii :037: ,525, . ,i 1 l rewe-2 3, 4 42, 60, 8 13, 9 20, 11 5, 11 ''' 9 I°' 6 40, 6 5.8 5, 9 20. Sundays 23.442.710,240, 40. 10 374, ; Daresbury-8 16, 10 17. 1143, 2 47. 5 42, 3 13' 1235, ' . Sundays 721. 737 p.m. aiaturdays only. A 23 ' a Derby-8 15, 10 20, 1 10, 35, 3 51, 4 45, 333. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 333. a Except i ,s 3.. Mondays. 11 29, 38 • Bariestown-6 43, 6 59, 720. 848, 9 32, 10 13., -6 0, 7 ~1 ' ') 12 39. 12 50, 1 10. 1 33. 3 20, 50.521 532 5 e''' s 20, 9 2'5. . 9 20. 10 50, 1 1 55. Sund ys 8 34, 9 52, 10 3, 40, , 0. 912 I, ' Edinburgh-10 20. 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 6, 9,•A '', 17, 3 Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1s ''' /57 ' 57. 6 2..6 54, 8 57. Sundays 832. 257. 87. 0,7 6 57, • i Frodsham-7 55, 9 3, 3.02, 1127, 2 32, 4 7, 5 ' ,:,, 1 • ,0 40. 10 22a. Sundays 6 59. 716 p m. aSaturdays °A% 50. •a 3, ' ' Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627. 7 45. 9S 65 ' • 12 5, 12 56. 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56. 59. 54. f 1121. Sundays 8 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 9 51. 95. Al, Glasgow-1610, 20. 655. 95. Sundays 5 5,',. 620, ' i Golhorne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28, 2 41, 5 ''"' 1042. Sundays 940.75. . 3 19, , ct 2 24, r,5 Hough Gree --6 40.7 58, 8 25, 9 9, 10 3,1 9,l,rsh -3 31, 4 ""'' " 60 5 24, 67, 7nll, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 831, '- 9 10. 1123 ' , 5 4 352. i Irlam avid Cadishead (C ntral)-7 38, 9 s°, ' 52 ° Sundays 10 59, 6 53, 8 35.'310 0. .., 0, Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 932105. 11 17. 1 "*,,adar i 30, 4 22, 85 41 , 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 11 27. 2 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excePll2o, 11 AN, . ' Liverpool (via Eariestown)-02 .55 -6 0, 89' 7 30, 9 1 30. 30, 4 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. 5110 001 V. 20. a.m• 630, 8 40. aMondays only. *SaturdaYs 00.,".3 35, 4. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55. 1235, 1 30.„2,401:0 45. AlO, 6 20, 65, 8 10. 10 45. Sundays 745, 210 7"' -8 45, '0- 0, ' Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 25, 8 30. .AO,l 50..0 l 9 35,9 38. 10 30 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 , ~ 30, 8 it , 2 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 6-. 5 30, 5 36, 6 A 6 35'0.0, 2 3°' 8 30, 840, 930, alo 45. 11 0. 11 30. Sundays 30, .A.,A olll3°o' , 255,4 20,6 30,8 30,833 95.9 35. a Vondays and Sittura. ?0, 5 . , London (L. & N.-W.)--5 15. 7 15,10 10,1210.2 10,4 1 ‘ 8 50, 10 0, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m. 50,100. 12 0, ~, 09 10 London (Midland)-5 15, 105, 1.2 0, 20, 40' 74 1154, bsa s3a3t, 120. Sundays 3 15, 120. a except Mondays 25. ,„A Lymm-8 5 8 32, 9 23, 9 57. 11 9 1 11. al 37., 26, 2 z.,. usrdsaSy. .60.4 lly, 7. 4blB, ii 25, agtu3r3d •a•a ci 40, aso ^ Manchester (L A N.-W.)-6 0, 6 50a 7 0. a4,-A g 0, 1 5, 2 35, 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 75,9 V, 10 40. SuadaY,4o,ll,l9* am. 60, 1040. From Exchange. alllondirl and P. ..g 12 °''' ' 0n1y.1035, a yi Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25.4 so 6 15, 20. 340, 555. 520, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55. 10 '" 8 excepted. 9 50' 7 40, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. alyl 19. Suadays * 0 a 9 6' 4 30. Manchester (Cheshire Linesy -6 48, 7 20, 83 • 3 30, I 935, 1030, 1045. 11 30. 1230. 12 45, 130. 2 30„, i 1 0, SO'43 1 447. 530. 630. 6 38,7 30, .; 30. 833, 9 si, alo 5..:0. 0.11- ' days 8 30,9 10.9 25,9 30.10 40,3 40.20 2 5,6 40,8 15,9 * , lays and Saturdays only. ' Middleyrich-6 58 11 37, 242. 61. 15 23 Moore-7 0,9 6, 11.57, 320 450 657. Sundays 8 10'2. 11 AA' . Newton-le-Willows.-6 47, 6 55, 7n. 8 42, 9 2A4,' 6 27, 7,..,'; 1152, 1245. 16. 130.34. 47- 4 58, 5 s.cSlig'''' ' 99. 9 55, 11 8. Sundays 9 49. 10 0, 3 55, 7 20, 11 • . days only. 73 16, 15iirj Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 90.106.19, 2 5, 5 17, , 9 i 28 940 days 8 53, 11 20. 2 32. 9 12. 10 13. ,20 11 •6 10 • Preston—a 2 11, 5236, .550. 95. 9 39, l'',A. ' 3 lb. „if . 425. 759. 935. 10 47. Stand we 2 11.. 3 4J',..,,,Aings 0110 1047. 62 36. aMondays excepted. bMondaY ff'-'-4 40, 5 ' Runcora-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 1229, 1 30, 2 56, , 6 29. 7 56 25 19 id 015 a 11 2" Sankey (for Penketh)-8 51, 8 9 8 41, • 9 , , 12 36. 1 36 2 5,2 40. 3 44. 4 25,5 40, 6 22, ''' 20. 249. 3 43, 57. 923, (C. L. 0.) -- ' " 11 0, Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore L.ll- , 4 55. 65. Sundays 815. St. Helens-6 25, 70. 828, 50 13° 1 55, 2 55. 4 45, 5 15. 610. 70. 90. le 53. 11 2 • 2 15' 7 40, 9 35,a,m., 6 55, 95. *Saturdays only. 5 10 Southport (Lord Street) .810, 1020. 11 2 ;.• 0. 2 50, 3 55, 70,8 5, a9O. 933. Sundays 90,2 5, 10, 9 13, 9 55,11 15.12 5b1.2 sa'odsr 955 days only. 4 al 4 18, 6537. 63, 6 45, 745' 9 37, 11 23' btil 2 ad. 10, T, ,10' A 2y7s. 829 ' helwall-8 9, 8 36, 9 28, 10 10, 11 13, 1 15. 2 29, 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSatur 14ciays excep 16.1 4, c 9, . Widnes (L. N.-W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33. 1, '4, 2 50. 7 ' ~ 3 20, 40.5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6 Sunday, 8 1 25, 116.2 25 ' 2 ' Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-8 33915. all 42 do. 2 30, 3 35, 4 25. 5 29.6 12.7 16.7 5'6.9 25. 15. 3 36.5 0. 9 7.9 20. atha SaturAays only. 25 12' Wigan-2 41, 35, 633, 8 15. 45, 454, 525, 75, 8 52, 10 30. Sec i iys 3 ;1, 9 -0 , , a.tu. . 931. 110 90 .1:1 112.1..:1.::::„., 3204; .

TO WARBINGTOLYROU

===== 0002601_18950810_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF' WEEK.DA.y DESPATCHES.

84"'ing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

With or Ntale lat)to 215

IWith Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

===== 0002601_18950810_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
a.ap 10.0 a.ra 10-10

.11.15 4.41.

11,30 cal.

li.b 4.1 A.

12 bzoort 1-53 a.rti 1.4 vat.

14 v.to.

1.25 140 1..41. Zis v.rn tas 245 p.ra,

`1 4 D.l 4%301)44' 40 1)44' 11,),:.

8.4 p.i.n. 41.151).rti 9.50 v.r..

15,30 p._ 145 I:tai

===== 0002601_18950810_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton- -Willows Widnes, e Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Prodsham, Helsby, Daresb and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, LYTtun, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchont Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock Port, Buxton, Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham, & S.-East Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead. Ormskir k, St Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn lanchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Deliverv•• London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Freston, North Lancashire, West Culube rland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland.. Chester, Wres ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Froths ham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Peaketh, and Moore _ . . _

~.laRCheSl

Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvinm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester O rappenhs.ll Preston, N.-Bast Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan. Manchester Peterborough, and Bast Lincoln- shire . Town Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despamh. All Parts London, Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950810_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPAICHES.

hh,w, 4,tuirg the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi and with an extra half-penny stamp.

ii`nnar-371 '''.----14ta ,

S.O ~in. 141.0 10.30 "

2.15 I,.Tii.

k%ezt HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXER ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:—

fiv4,o *4ll:tileEs . 04111 Z!, re t',o7. Wick „ tto W Lan (Cyvt,„„ ne. Newton Taa ,3„,,ornmon s'•4lla,t Racecourse) (selavy Station 141'es t4n Bridge) oh 4 tx uncti '01-et , str Golborne. e,,eet„. t op e,';'"l.„ mon ...... „ -Lowton st. ~,,,ohnt,...rirs tati on) • Village Ashton. tato \—U'rotil"c'd vidence Place)

WEEK-DAYS. 1045 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 D 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

SUNDAYS 4-30 p.m

............... ,

5, 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

9-55 %.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 10-30

===== 0002601_18950810_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
3,5 , 5.b ,tio

5-30 p.m,

9-15

Nii. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Ofiretii te,*4ll,:e...tiespatcheri ;, ''-111--e,....._e_8•8 i ttae. rims: and 6

hem hn Receiving Offic p.m.; from all Sub-Offices

:•,e at Earle a the eam

TOWN DELIVER ES

POLL W:-

41Pind k1i.„544,00,1.-eiganles, Ireland, Scotland, 14.N4114„the South snelshes Lyn • 1):1:1414' B.•tilitst -Lan • e, Durham. Nortln. „ ete,, '..!%!1d Lincolnshire . j7igh,iverpool, Birkenhead, 1,; ~Lilll,l7‘‘rirrt:reseot, Wigan. Orms- Eariestown hlai Orel, and the South o'le & South Wales or LancaBl"'. New kt44ter 'vfe. St. lietens and ..• ... .. .. ........ • ......Tl,l Foreign, South, , hire ?inland Counties- waiLAuncorn, Crewe, Ches- ,. ".k and Ireland ktliq'qee brreBton, Wigan, Man- t & Chester gte,o Foreign South. .. `'. S.- Qtr,4li •tt 0 -011 G, Northern, 6 1 ()Unties 8; Lan3B " e • ' 104"% th gatt. %Vootston. Sto "ckton' rlo • krid s ,t h tt,„4"ereign, South, and °unties

To I By Callers. I Postmen.

7.0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 , •

t:4thir, vv,4 7Pw,

}ll-4b } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-1 b ~ } 3-15 ,

11-30 1...111

3-15 rn.

6-45 a.m. /7-0 a.m. Nest day.

Qil }WO" AND REFirDSH IND- era the effects c.* Dow- NO, tia tirnr OTI the fac.,ati hellfht of ladies and all ex- •t " h n +t, su and dust ;it prevents and removes "'An. sonburn. soothe, and h Arils mosquito mid gnat 4,1! een.loZii It irritation, an produces a beautiful and dell- 4LANb's it. AL/ DOR.—Cools and refreshes the face and 1141,1:4Nh•A „...ALYDOR.—Removes Redness and roughness. u.avvoott - -Soot hes and heals irritation. A bia lEC•LYDoB.—Warranteci harmless and curative. ireid 6 ICILICDOR.• Betties 2a. 3d., 48. 6d., of Chemists. `.9444h01aD. aPurlous Imitations. which ruin the sktal and

===== 0002601_18950810_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRON TRADE.

The iron trade is slowly recovering from the extreme depression whieh has prevailed for some time past, and now that the elections are over greater attention is being paid to business. But little improvement in the home trade, however, is expected owing to the unsatisfactory prospects of the harvests. Competition is still very keen in most departments, production being in excess of con- sumptive requirernvnts. So far as pig-iron is concerned, this is mainly due to the displacement of finished iron by steel, the raw material for which is largely imported from the North. There is a slight relaxation of Northern and Welsh competition in pig-iron, which is beneficially affecting makers in the Midlands, and prices are consequently slightly tending upwards. Even at present prices, however, smelters are not encouraged to increase the make, and some firms are indifferent about accepting orders at current rates except accompanied by specifi- cations. Northamptenshire and Derbyshire forge pig realized 395. to 404., and foundary qualities ss. to 75.6 d. extra. Staffordshire part-nine pig was quoted 395. and upwards, and foundry 45,. to 471.61. In the finished- iron department black sheets were in leading request, principally for galvanizing purynses, and prices were maintained at the recent advance, 24 gauge sheets realizing £6 17s. 63. to £7, and Isttens £7 ss. to £7 15s. Galvanized sheets were sold, delivered in Liverpool, at £lO3. sd. average for doubles. Marked bars were un- changed in value, but common bars were irregular, varying from £5 to £5 10s. at works, subject to the usual discount of 2i per cent. A moderate inquiry was experienced for steel, alike for bars, sheets, plates, and billets, and prices were steady at £4 10s. average for billets of basic quality.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HOMING

===== 0002601_18950810_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY.

YOUNG BIRDS' RACE FROM WORCESTER. 84

mmrs.

This Focietv held its first race of the season for young birds on Thursday week, 15 members sending 231. birds for competition. The birds were despatched to the race point for liberation by the Manchester Flying Club's Con- voyer on Tuesday night. The race should have taken place on the following day, but owing to the inclement weather the race was held over until Thursday. The toss was effected at 9 a.m, in hazy weather but with a very favourable breeze blowing from the south. Mr. J. Longton, Bank-street, who has been so successful in the old birds' races this season was first again showing that his loft is in grand form. His first bird was timed In at 10.54 am, being 1 hour and 54 minutes in com- pleting the iburney

- Remit. - London 1307 Lymm lr9o Parkinson Parkinson London l2Ol Whittake- Longton . Longton l2Ol Mouton 971 Longton l2Ol W ittaker Greenough Bracagirdle disqualified 1 1198 .. ____

OP 91 .. James II9R Burrows (4 birds) Thigerley 1173 Whitt dter Buckley ll5B Timperley 1143 James (3 birds) 1146 Woodward 1127 6 Iroperley Woodcock

===== 0002601_18950810_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
A DESTRUCTIVE WEAPON.

The latest invention of Mr. Hiram 2. Maxim is a portable machine gun that can be carried on a man's back, and set up for use upon a stand not altogether unlike a photographic equipment. The entire outfit weighs 45 pounds, and can he unpacked and fixed in 58 seconds. The muzzle, from which a steady stream of lead pours at the rate of 600 bullets a minute, can be manipulated like the nozzle of a garden-hose. It is claimed, moreover, that, owing to the stability of thc stand, the line of fire is more accurate than from any gun held to the shoulder. The new weapon is con- structed on the same principle as the Maxim quick. firing gun employed for military and naval purposes. It has a range of 3,200 yards, and sends a bullet at a velocity of 1,850 feet per second. A shot from it will penetrate 40 inches of oak. The new gun when ready for action resembles in some manner a brass telescope, with a pistol butt for a peep hole.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VALUE OF ADVERTISING.

A curious proof of the value of newspaper advertis- ing is cited by one of the largest advertisers in London. Be says :—" We once hit upon a novel expedient for ascertaining over what area our advertisements were read. We published a couple ot half-column ads.,' in which we purposely mis-stated half a dozen historical facts. In less than a week we received between 300 and 400 letters from all parts of the country from people wishing to know why on earth we kept such a consum- mate idiot who knew so little about English history. The letters kept pouring in for three or four weeks. It was one of the best paying • ads.' we ever printed ; but we did not repeat our experiment, because the one I refer to served its purpose. Our letters came from school- boys, girls, pr3fessors, clergymen, school teachers, and in two instances, fr im eminent men who have a wide wide reputation. I was more impressed with the value of advertising from those two advertisements than I should have been by volumes of theories."

===== 0002601_18950810_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINTING HOUSES B/ MACHINERY.

It will be remembered (says "Chambers's Journal ") that the painting of the extensive buildings at the recent World's Fair at Chicago was executed with a machine, which, by means of compressed air, sprayed the colour on to any surface required, and altogether dispensed with the services of the ordinary paint-brmh. A compact machine for this work has recently been patented by a Manchester firm. The paint or tar is atomised and sprayed on the work with the help of an attached air pump, the nnzzle from which the liquid is projected taking the form of an injector. The machines are made in different sizes, and the smallest will cover three square yards of surface per minute. In a recent trial, a large girder with its connections was painted by this machine in two hours, representing an amount ef labour which it was calculated could not be done by a man and brush in a day.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 27th July, 1895. During the week, which was the 30th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Deaths. Births. Warrington 3B 5 Latchford 3 1

Total 4l

The excess of births over deaths was 35. The death- rate from all causes was equal to 54 per 1,000, against 11.3 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 10.2 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0 9 per 1,000, against 1.3 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 28 the corresponding week of 1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 1 1 4 6 The deaths included-2 from diarhcea, 1 from cancer, 1 from ptithisis, 2 from old age. The following case of infectious disease habeen reported during the week i—S,:ta rlet fever, 1 case. The total number of Patients in the hospital on July 27th was 10.

METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 608 Fah. and theretore 0 8 degs. higher than the preceding week The maximum temperature 77F., was recorded on the 27th inst., and the minimum temperature 50F„ on the 22nd inst.

The Rainfall measured 2.25 inch. The general direction was S.W. the readiu..; of the Anemometer denoting 800 -

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

FEVER nosprrAL Aikin-street, Warrington. Report for the month ending 31st July 1895, In Hospital let July Admitted during the month, Cases of scarlet fever

Total 24

Dinharged cured DsAd 0 In Hospital Ist August l5

Total JOHN H. Medical

EAU fiFUL TEETI who two doily on Loo brush 6 low drops of

SOZODONT,

The greatest size to whictra Irsrse has been known to grow is twenty and a halt hands high. This is the record of a Clydesdale which was on exhibition in 1889. • British dray-horse has been known to stand eighteen hand high, and weigh nearly eighteen hundred- weight.

1. ;

.. 24 GORNALL. I Superintendent. tooth

===== 0002601_18950810_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
'ER'S LITTLE "-R PIL

Cure Sallow Complexion, _ Sick Ileadachea promptly: and cure then; so as to stay eared, Clsemtitails. i.

,te3t del:MI/Ace IC the womt manses the teettrand spaces ,etwoen them se nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. eat tor 1107.01)031T.' N.

CART_ LIVER PILLS. BL 154111)'>.:13"2:141 Do3e 1.3'.4i1:411ry, rpid .- 44:1( table. and - YE::: betl ""Th

===== 0002601_18950810_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_las_

===== 0002601_18950810_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI ORD v, AUGUST 10, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
POLISHING-A PLEASURE :

===== 0002601_18950810_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950810_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• -

===== 0002601_18950810_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18950810_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, 1.01•10014.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
AT ADAME FL:A I N'S FA MOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The mat powerful and effective on earth. For the moat obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. k'rice 76 64 (Strongest Ils bottle). Post free td extra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditoh Church), LONDON, N.D. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that i 3 not neuine, and they can be seen at any time.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "FATAL" NOISELESS GUN. 25!

(T;e. ft,m CtF i.N othor Arm

11, ! • 3, 0 4 uteri bill, .'.a to kill knee at ISO 7inds. —lnn ado ii, our patent and the galenite article ccii "ttlY wi from gt Woreitless intitatiora made abroad. as advertised under hy potty dealers 11l Folkestone. we can sepply at lit G. • oi iar-killnid sporting gone and testimonials together with Int Gen. Vag 11000VIA•nAlla Iltrorchl °ad e re, 'F'FiXtil et Co.. FeeK Mine Gun Makers. Folkeetdrie. 'irtri in Folkestoue nuke their own gunk

A• obt.sintwi fro, VA.,..0•18 C,At.4l,gua of fa of or 15041

===== 0002601_18950810_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
(I‘EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BRWEIRY-STIIERT, WARRING TON

T LIE •• EA ILL ES TOW N AND NEWTON EXAMINE B.IID ASHTON, GOLDORMI. AND RAYDOCK REPORTED ;" THE • • RUNCORN EXAMINER;" AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER." PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

MAMMOTH POSTIaII.

A SPEOILIATY.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
arm THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE'' LcLARKES WORLD-FAMED

REm y's PERCFREECATT WPHUITIETYNEi'S ' • . . , A g. Used in all ST the principal • Laundries. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS 4i OILMEN - IN OPIGINAL 4Le PACKETS; 1 LB e ........... U LB. AND i LB BOXES.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
'BLOOD MIXTURE,

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence .recommend It to our subscribers and the public generally "

Warranted to cleanse the blood from nil impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skin sad Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ere marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause fron, the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Us. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
W Lax, .ti A tiVIIVEA A

===== 0002601_18950810_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
e C HAP I rAgab„ tv4 plaif .

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCIE AS SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION, WEAK STOMACH;

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS. ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 9)(1., ls. and 2s. 9i. eech with fun directions. The 18. 1)(1. Box (.c.. 'ains 56 !NI,.

PREPARED ONLY BY THE'

THOMAS BEECOM, St Ile!ens, Lancashire.

•

===== 0002601_18950810_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECOvOMICAL— CLEANSES TIII THETH —PERFUMES Mr: BREAM, In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druguistr, or from the Proprietors. for Is., post-pßid.

0.,_... -----or-- .....P'r ~.... t' ote V , ,6•% k.., 1 40 ,•',..',.,,. ' '-'l,---...,-.;,.' --.," . J 't /,'l4-'74'.. ' ,' ' • .:.'4'-.)., • ''', 'r.' k' . 1 "" / '!,'-'..',:.. '''''-' ''. ' , 'g. '•1 , ~, r. ..• '•'4'.i,i...:ii".l ~4&.'" ' (~...); .'i.L'• 'V' y : ",......4 '''' ' 1 i r ' ' ';'..el,' 1 .R:'.i.: '::: , ( irolf ,i!'"' Is L;;;*".7:1V44:;".„.14,1i.„, .1•:,,,,,..4,„-0.0,10:::, ,-;if . ll'S ' tA '4 44 4,OIOI=IZZO '' , it 1:::4,1.4-411. '' • QaTHINC, :' ' ' ! ,•••'• ' ."".41,,,, i'—' RiIIEVE . • !r\\,. , .. ' , I F ERIS EAT. Ev rl H '1 $ '• f \ ''''i -- , , , 1 1,, • _ h.,,, r It., C.,,llions et. , Res .... • , - .Nri.••-.8.. 1 Hnlth y Stale ct t'st . ./,, L i Conshtulon de,n9 o‘. ,rr dilaren Tc,Vrr'il. ' ' 3 AI4V)KIII, StlrrsSY: ri e_...========.=---1 •!:. re , .•., Plelamse sObTse ERIE ()M A Nthe E E s, ~. *. _ .Irt .. ..., ...j. . ~c7,,-, ---...... ___,---,-.4,4".. ,YieVr....%!-•.' ' ' I. Those tiny CAPSULES aro superior to 13alsam . _ of Conalba, Cubobs or SNNTA Injections and cure In ‘ 48 hours the same .. ...', diseases without incon.; ' l6ll 1, lif . iValtezceor4/6 01111 Cho. D WILCOX a Co., 289, OXFORD BL,LONDON, W

===== 0002601_18950810_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
"A c, SMALL C/POONIIII. ii BROOKE. BONDS' TEt is stronger and better than a big spoonful of other tea." That's a fact that countless thousands of good judgois have found out for themselves. And if you also try the same com- parison, you, too, will be surprised and delighted at the superb excellence of Our Tea. Yes. its so strong, and so celebrated for always giving a good" second- cup," that the thrifty lious-wives of the North declare that a fourpenny quarter-pound packet of RROOKB, BONDS' will go farther thm a sixpenny packet of other tea. Just think of the saving and satisfaction that means to you and yours in a year. And it's no trouble to get Our Tea, for we have A GENTS EVERYWHERE, and they sell it daintly done up in lemontinted- paper packets, bearing our signature and celebrated trade-mark of the double-triangle, and all sealed at our Headquarters. At 1 S.. ls. 2D.. is. 4D.. is. 811, 25., 2s. 4D., & 2s. SD. a lb., the prices suit everybody's purse. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LD THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER 29. MARKET STREET}

===== 0002601_18950810_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Etttero to tin Otiitor.

_ AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT. Sir,—On Saturday, July 6th, my son George Thornley, was accidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Mersey, near Penketh. Only the day before he had signed a proposal in the presence ot Mr. Barr att, an agent, to assure with the Prudential Assurance Com- pany, Limited, for a sum of £9 17s. He had not paid anything, neitlaer was any benefit due, yet, the directors, of the Prudential very generously agreed to make me a present of the antount..and Mr. A. H. Harvey, one of their assistant superintendents,called a few days ago and I banded me the acceptable sum of £9 1.75. I therefore ask you to insert this as a public recognition of such kindness.—Yours very truly, JAMES THORNLEY. Sloop Fold, Great Sankey, Warrington, July 29th, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

THE WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE SiISSION HALL: An enjoyable social evening was held in the above hall on Saturday. On Sunday night a well- attended gospel temperance meeting was held in the usual place at the end of Bewsey-street. Mr. John Drury presided. Earnest addresses were de- livered by tke Chairman, Mr. J. W. Tanner and Mr. J. Rigby. Ilifr.Henry Heald gave an interesting recitation entitled, " Moderation is Botheration." Two men signed the temperance pledge. DISPUTE OVER A. PIG. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday,be- fore his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Sarah McCoy, Pierpoint-et., sued Frances Mellor, of Bridge-st., for El 13s. Id., for loss on the value of a pig alleged to have been purchased by Mrs. Mellor from plaintiff on July Ist. The plaintiff spoke to calling upon the defendant on July Ist. After bar- gaining, the latter agreed to buy a certain pig, and ordered plaintiff to kill it on the following Monday and send it to the shop on Tuesday. Defendant had further sent her son down to plaintiff's home, and he, on seeing the pig, also said it was to be sent on the Tuesday ready for sale. The pig was accord- ingly killed and sent on the following Tuesday,but when it arrived at the shop,the defendant said that she would throw it out if it was brought into the shop. Witness was consequently very excited as she did not know what to do with a dead pig. She had been to the bridewell, but of course could get no satisfaction tbere.—The defendant said that she arranged with the defendant to send a pig which would not weigh more than about six score. Instead of its being of this size, the pig was nearly eleven score. She had distinctly told tbe plaintiff that one of seven score would be too large altogether,and she would not accept it. After evidence had been given by both parties, his Honour said that from the testimony given, the defendant had bought a pig which should not be more than six score, and, therefore, she was quite right in refusing the pig sent by the plaintiff, if she chose to do so. He must accordingly give judgment for the defendant.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE.

-- TILORSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (chairman), and Lieu. Colonel Ridgway. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—Henry Hughes was granted temporary authority to sell at the Star and Garter, Friars Green, in lieu of Thomas Mullins. THEFT FROM THE MARKET.—Mary Ann Jennings, a respectably dressed woman, was charged with stealing from a stall in the market place at 11.30 on Wednesday morning, a pocket handkerchief and two dozen buttons, valued 5d., the property of Edwin John Gregory. The Chief Constable said that the complainant lived at 56, Horsemarket-street, and had a drapery stall iii the War- rington market. At about 11 30, Mrs. Gregory was talk- ing to Inspector Place when defendant was seen to pick up a white handkerchief and putit in herpocket, Sseiog , this, Inspector Place detained the defendant and handed her over to Inspector Cox, and in her basket were found the two dozen buttons. On the way to the po!ice.l station, the defendant said that the handkerchief was on the floor, and that she picked it up. She was a highly i respectable woman, and had previously borne a good character. Mrs. Gregory upon being called said thatshe saw the defendant take the handkerchief. She also I denied in cross-examination by Mr. A. Browne, who appeared for the defendant, that defendant had bought the buttons. Further evidence was given by Inspector Place and Inspector Cox, the latter of whom said that on the way to the police-station, the defendantadmitted picking up the handkerchief hut with no bad intention. —Mr. Browne said that this was one of those lamentable eases for which there was no accounting. The defendant had no reason far so acting, and none of her friends had any idea why she should have committed such an action. Evidence of respectability was given by Mr. Ashcroft. superintendent of an assurance society, and the bench decided to simply record a conviction against the defendant. BEGOING.—Joseph Robinson was ordered to leave the town within three hours for begging in Mersey-street, the previous afternoon. Detective Monaghan proved ' the case. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—MichaeI Craghan was fined ss. and costs for being drank and disorderly on School Brow the previous day. UNWHOLESOME FISH IN THE MARKET. John Mather, a fishmonger Mr St. Helens, was charged , with having in his possession 601bs. of conger eels, and 101Ibs. of cod fish, on July 2nd, which was unfit for hurman food. The Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) prosecuted, and saidthat the proceedings were taken under Se?dion 117 of the Public Health Act, which left upon the defence the onus of proving that the fish was not intended for human food. On the 2nd July, a num- ber of fish belonging to defendant were found in pickle in the cellar of the Market Hall, by Inspector Norman. who was inspecting the cellars. The fish were unsound, And were condemned in the ordinary way, Dr. J. Guest Gornall,assistant medical officer,certifying them as being unfit for human food.—Mr. Riley, solicitor, St. Helens, said that the defendant had been in business for 30 years, and for the last 18 years he had regularly attended the Warrington market. Nothing previously had been brought against him. He did not deny that the fish was unfit for food, but it was not exposed for sale, and must have gone had since it waS put into pickle. The defend- ant was willing to pay all the costs of the case, but he hoped that the magistrates would not be severe consider- ing the previous good character of the defendant. Dr. J. Guest Gornall said that if the pickle was good when the fish was put into it, the fish ought to keep good.— The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 20s. and costs,and also allowed the doctor's fee.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

RED LION v. HORSE AND JOCKEY.

The return fixture between the Red Lion and the Horse and Jockey Clubs took place on Saturday last, the 3rd inst.' on the ground of the former at Stockton Heath. The heavy rain about three o'clock interfered with the commencement of the game at the usual time, and it was four o'clock before a start could he made. The ground was in very ggod condition considering the downpour, though somewhat heavy, and this circum- stance favoured the visiting team somewhat, a fact which was borne out during the progress of the match, as with about half the game over, the home team were several points behind their opponents. In the latter games, however, the homesters played for all they were worth, and eventually the Red Lion team ran out win- ners, after a hard fight, with a majority of nineteen points. Subjoined are the individual scores : RED LION. AOIVIE AND JOCKEY. G Brown H Broady l2 Peers Brimelow l5 A Broady n G Chris. Curry Heesom l5 J Owen 9 W Rathbone l5 J Hardman ll W Mclntyre (capt ) W Coppock Thomas Broady A N Other T Bei' s

eiriclge , F Broady l5 F Savage Thomas Heesom l5 John Berry 8

_ T otal 159

lota' 14,3

Mr. R. Fairbrother, of the Bull'A Head team, rkff,c- ated as referee in a manner which gave every satisfac- tion to both teamt

===== 0002601_18950810_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN LIND NEWTON.

VIADUCT WORKS' BAND.

On Thursday evening uis band played several selections of music in the Institute Park. The weather was thteateuiug and consequently the attendance of the public was not large.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
biI.UNICENNE4IB.

At the Town Hall, -Newton, on Saturday, before Colonel Wood, Patrick Donnelly, and Josepu Darn- eoU, of liaydoce, were each hued ss. arm costs for heingadrunk on the prevlous inght.—At itue same coon, Jona Unsworth was nem to priaon tor 14 daye for vagrancy. ALLEGED THE OF BRASS.

At the TO-N-V-1-11all, ewcon, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, a man named William Trigg was charged with stealing 174 ins. of brass from the Sankey sugar Co.'s Wurtia, valued £3 10s. The prisoner wno had been employed by tne him was apprehended on Saturday in Warrington,ou suspicion, when try- ing to dispose of the brass. Mr. A. Wrigley, a fore- man in the employ of the auger Co., identified the brass as belonging to his employers. Prisoner was remanded to tile Warrington Sessions. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

===== 0002601_18950810_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASSES.

The results of the Science and Art examinations in Machine construction and drawing, field in con- nection with the above classes are as follows Edington, Ist A.; C. A. Colquitt, A. Eaton, A. 11111, W. (). Johnson, J. Martin, J. C. Seddon, & Stephens, W. Wright, 2nd A.; U. W. Garnett, .1. W. Rail, . Pilling, S. Sutton, E. pass; A. J. Aitaen, J. Ellison, S. Grunshaw, H. Laithwaite, F. E. Manning, Lt. Normansell, W. Parrott—E. fair. BANE HOLIDAY. .

_ For some reason or other the popular Bank Holiday was not generally observed in hariestown. All the tradespeople closed their premises, but the various works were open as usual. At the Wagon Works and Messrs. k. and J. Vicars, however, the number of absentees was no large, that it was decided to close the works at noon, and this was done. The Vulcan continued at work, to holiaay being deterred to a later date. At Newton, Messrs. McCorquodale and Co's., works were closed all day PICNIC TO PRODSLIAIeI.

On Monday afternoon the employes of Messrs. E. T. Evans, Earlestown,together with several friends, had a picnic to Frodsham. Leaving Earlestown in a couple of wagonettes, the party numbering about 40, had a very pleasant drive, and soon after arrival, tea was partaken of at Mersey View. The evening was atter wards spent in an enjoyable man- ner, dancing being indulged in by the younger members of the party. The drive home was much eniojed, although before Earlestown was reached rain began to fall heavily. GOOD TEMPLARY (EBBNEZBLI LODGIS.) The weekly session of this lodge was held at the Co-operative Hall, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of members, Bro. W. Hatton pre- siding. The programme of the evening was " Z4ew officers to entertain." songs, readings, &c., being given by Bros. A. Morris, W. Taylor, Dettn,J. Taylor, and 11. Brown.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAIIS.

The quarterly meeting of the Hope of Earleatown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. SV. Wilson pre- sided, and there was a good attendance. One can- didate was admitted to membership and several others proposed. The digest of business for No. 1 Convention was read, and the representatives ap- pointed were Bros. J. Hatton, G. Clarke, and W. Wilson. The quarterly reports of the officers were then submitted and adopted. The Secretary (Bro. Barker) said that they had 145 members on the books, and the lodge was in a very good position. During the quarter several public meetings had been held, and visits had been paid to assist other lodges. The Financial Secretary (Bro. W. Williams) and Treasurer (Bro. T. Holliday) reported that the finances were satisfactory, and after clearing off all liabilities there was a good balance in hand. Bro. Newman, S.J.T., reported in connection with the juvenile temple, that meetings had been held re- gularly during the quarter, and everything was in a flourishing state. Bro. Quartermaster-Sergeant Roberts, of Warrington, arrived and was asked to preside and instal the officers for the ensuing quarter as follows :--C.T. Bro.J. Hatton, V.T. Sister A. Newman. Sec. B. Barker, F. Sec. E. Hodnett, Treasurer, T. Holiday; Chap. C. Drew; Marshall, G. E Warburton ; D.SI Sister E. Jones; guard, Bro. Willis ; Sen., G. Clarke. An address on temperance work in general was afterwards given by Bro. Roberts. and the thanks of the lodge were tendered to the past officers for their services, which closed an interesting session.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING TRAP ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Monday afternoon shortly after two o'clock, a trap accident of an alarming character happened in Legh-st., Earlestown. A young man named James Smith living in Sankey-sr. l‘tred a trap from Jr. S. Hazleton, and a horse from Mr. NicDermott, for the purpose of having an afternoon's outing. He had got, into the trap opposite is home, when from an unexplained cause the horse took fright, and set off at a terrific rate in the direction e,f Legh-st. Smith endeavoured to check its career, but the rein broke, and he thus lost all control of the animal. Turning the corner out of Sankey-r. into Legh-st., it rushed on the footpath between Mr. Potter's shop and the lamp post, the near wheel coming in contact with the lamp, which caused the horse to swerve to the left, and it dashed across the street, coming in con- tact with an empty shop on the corner. Here one of the shafts broke and the wheels were stripped from under, the trap turning completely over, with Smith underneath. The horse got loose, and stood quietly by gazing on the wreckage. As soon as possib!e, assistance was rendered, and Smith was taken from under the trap, when it was found that besides being badly shaken, he had received two seve-e Outs on the head, and his hands were lacer- ated. Ile was attended by Dr. Handyside, who dressed his wounds.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
DAHLIA QUEEN FESTIVAL AT BUETCNWOOD._

On Monday afternoon a new departure in the coronation of mimic "Queens " was made at, Bur- ton wood, in the coronation of a "Dahlia Queen." On each side, in neighbouring village Q they hare had their " \ fay "or " Rose Queen festivals,and the children of l3tirtonwood thought they could inauem- rate something differen', at any rate in name. Ac- cordingly a few weeks back a number of them waited upon Mr. George Anders, of the Bridge Inn. Burtonwood, and solicited his assistance. Ever ready to help the children in any scheme they may bring forward for their enjoyment, Mr. and Mrs. Anders entered heartily into their propositimis, and it was decided to have a "Dahlia' Queen. Mr. Anders undertook to provide the sinews of war, if the children performed their part. and selected their characters. After some deliberation th€y selected as the first " Dahlia Queen" Miss Florrie Horabin, 13 years of age, and Monday (Bank Holi- day) was fixed noon for the festival. The field be- hind the Bridge Inn was laid out for the occasion, a nicely decorated Throne being erected, directly op- posite being a May pole, or to preperly describe ii, a" Dahlia pole." The day was beautifully fine.and there was consequently a large gathering of specta- tors from Eariestown, Sutton, Warrington, &e. The whole arrangements were carried out by Mr. An- ders, who was assisted by Mr. J. H Anders, and the procession moved off the fi-ld about two o'clock, headed by the Sankey brass hand. The route Was through Burtonwood, Collins Green, to Bold oun- dry then back by way of the Old Lane to the Bridge Inn, which was reached abont 4.30. Several lurrie- end other conveyances were requisitioned, which owing to the length of the route were found most, convenient. The procession included the Queen, who was prettily attired in primrose-coloured sal in, with a train of ermine, mimic archbishop. sword bearer, flower girls, niggers, colliers, Red Riding Hoods, with dog to represent the wolf. floral dancers, white slave, Britannia, nurses, Swiss girls, bakers, Ally Sinner and wife, &c. On arrival at. the ground the Queen was conducted to the throne, and crowned byMi4s M A..lackson. of Bank House, Collins Green, who presented "Her MajestA" with a Bible. The children Were afterwards enter- tained to a substantial tea, the general catering be- ing carried out by Mr. Joseph Littler, of Earles- town. The subsequent proceedings included plaiting the ribbons, floral dances, and entertainment by the Earle.atown Nigger Troupe, all of which were much appreciated by the spectators.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SA.LFORD COUNCIL AND THE CANAL.

The Mayor of Salford announced to the Council on I Wednesday., amidst cheers. that all questions le disnute I,etween the Manchester Ship Canal Company and the S.lford Council had been amicably ' settled, and that further litigation between the two parties would be en- tirely stopped. A number of action's were in progress or were pending with reference to the drainage and sewage of SAfo*d.

LtWN 'TOWERS. 4:}ARLA ND, Ironmonger. Warrington and Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1895

NEWTON-LE WILLOWS HORTICUL- TURAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL SHOW.

The tenth annual exhibition of fruit, flowers and vege- tables held under the auspices pi the above Society, took place on Saturday atteruoon on the ground ot the Earlestowu Football Club, the Alesues. Fur the first time in the history ot the Socisty, the show has been held at a convenient distance for the Earlestown public, the position fixed upon being ball way be:weep Newton and Earlestown. lu tact, toe whole arrangements have this year been revolutionised, the idea tieing that if sotne Other attraction in addition to the show was provided. the attendance or the public would be augineated. Con- seqUeutly it was neclued to venture upon athletic sports, and had the day been fine there cannot ba any doubt but that the affair would have been a decided success. Un- tortunately, however, rain tvli heavily througuout the morning, and up to the time tuat the sports should have comp:leaned, and interterea greatly with ttie attendance or tne puul.c. As it was, there was a very fair number present, probably about 1,000 which is certainly a good augury tor luture events or a like character. Tae snow was nut nearly so good as in previous years, and there was a decided failing off bum in the quantA.y and quality of the exhibits, and also in the number ut ex- h.bitors, From amongst the principal exilloitors were , mussed the late Colonel McCurquudate, Mr. T. J. Gilles- ' pie, Mr. 'l. D. Crriuskis Drayton and others. The exbiurts cuusui.ed chiefly of vegetaoles, with a small display oi fruit, and a centre stand 01 tuliage plants, wham en- livened the affair a little. The principal prize taker, as will be seen below, was Mr. W. Sephtuu, the proprietor 01 a small cottage garden whose exisinits of vegetables of all description were really remarkable. lie was also to the tore with cut dowels, and he succeeded in carry- ing off first honours tor the neatest and best kept garden. Alderman Smith ran him pretty close his group of miscellaneous plants being cnoice and :flee- Lively arranged. Tne staging was well carried out under the uirectiou ot a large Committee, ot which Mr. T. Williamson was secretary, and air. as'. Gorse, assistant secretary. Time following were tire awards of the judges :- CLLSS 1. OPEN PLANTS. -Group of mscellaneous plants, arranged tor effect, space no to exceed 48 beet: 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, J. Randall. Six fine-toliageu plants :1, alderman Smith. Six table plants (put nut to exceed 610.) : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, J. liamdall. Six ferns : 1, Alderman Smith; 2, J. Randall. Six begonias (any variety), 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, J. Ran- dall. Three puts !ilium (any variety), 1, Alderman Smith. Six coleus (distinct) : 1, Alderman Salida. Six tuchias : 1, Mr. Norman. Six zonal geraiduins : 1, J. Randall. One stove or greenhouse plant (in bloom) : 1, J. Randall. One tern : 1, T. Rutter; 2, A. Coning- wood. One palm : 1, Alderman Smith ;2, A. Coiling- wood. Three cock.scoulbs : 1, Amerman Smith ;2, %V. Sephton. Six stocks in iota : 1, J. Randall ; 2, A. Col. ling wood. CUT FLoWERS.-Best bo quet : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, J. Randall. Six dahlias (double) : 1, J. LAVe ; 2,A. ',...ollingwood. Six varieties dahlias, cactus : 1, A. Col- ingwood; 2, Tayleur. Twelve roses (distinct): 2, Alderman smith. Twelve asters: 1, W. Norman; Six carnations : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, J. Randali. Twelve pansies (6 show and 6 fancy) :2, J. Lowe. Twelve distinct varieties cut flowers, outside (not more than 3 sterns or blcoms of each) : 1, .1. Randall ;2, Rev. H. Monk. Twelve zanal blooms (not less than 6 dis- tinct varieties), 2, A. Collingwood. Twelve zinnias : 1, W. Svphton ; 2, Alderman Smith. Fair.-Six dishes of fruit: 1, Alderman Smith. Two bunches of grapes (black) : 1, Alderman Smith. Two bunches of grapes (white): 1, Alder- man Smith. One dish of apples, cooking (6) :1, E. Last; 2, W. Sepliton. One oish of apples, dessert (6) : I,E. Last ;2, J. Randall. One di:h of pears (6) 1, J. Randall ; 2, W. Collingwood. VEGETABLES.-Cellections of twelve varieties: I,Alder- man Smith ;2, W. Seplaton ; 3, J. Shore. Six varieties of potatoes (6 of each variety) : 1, T. Rutter; 2, J. Shone One dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (round) : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, E. Last. One dish of potatoes, 6 [Albers (kidney): 1, W. Sephton ; 2, W. Norman. Two cauliflowers :1, W. Sephton ;2, Rev. H. Monk. Two cabbages (white): 1, J. Randall; 2, J. Boardman. Two cabbages (re 1) :1, J. Boardman; 2, J. Lawton. Three sticks of celery (white): 1, W. Sephton ; 2, J. Lowe. Three sticks of celery (red) :1, W. Sephton ; 2, J. Boardman. One dish of onions, autumn (6) : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, W. Seph- ton. One dish of onions, spring (6) : 1, W. Sephton ;2, J. Lowe. Peas (20 pods) : 1, E. Last ; 2, R. Anderson. Broad beans (12 pods) : 2, W. Sephton. Scarlet runners (12 pods) : 1, Rev. H. Monk ; 2, W. Sephton. French bealis (20 pods) : 1, W. Sephron ;2, J. Cotterill. Two cucumbers : 1, J. Rutter ; 2, J. Hough- ton. One dish tomatoes (9) : 1, W. Seplton ; 2, J. Houghton. Two vegetable marrows : 1, R. Anderson ; 2. W. Sophton. Six turnips : 1, J. Houghton ; 2, W. Sephton. Six carrots : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Rev. H. Monk. Two lettuces : 1, J. Lowe ; 2, J. Boardman. Six leeks: 1, W. Sephton ;2, T. Butter. One dstr ot shallots (12) : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, J Boardman. Three red beet : 1, Alderman Smith ; 2, A. Cotterill. CLASS 2. - AMATECT RS. -P LANTS. -Three greenhouse plants (any variety) : 1, W. Norman •, 2, H. Tayleur. Three fuchsias : 1, T. Rutter. Two zonal ger- aniums (single) : 1, H. Tacleur ; 2, T. Rutter. Two petunias (double) : 1, %V. Norman. Two coleus :1, W, Sephton ;2, T. Rutter. Two ferns (exotic) : 1, T. Rutter ;2, W. Sephton. Two ferns (British) : 1, T. Rutter ;2, R. Itartun. Two begonias (any variety) :1, T. Rutter ;2, W. Sephton. Two ivy-leaf geraniums :1, T. Rutter. One greenhouse plant (in flower) : 1, T. Rutter ; 2, R. Barton.

AMATEURS AND COTTAGERS.-CUT FLOWERS.-Sjx robes (distinct) : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, A. Cotter'll ; 5, J Lowe. Twelve pansies (show and fancy): 1, W. Sspn- ton. Twelve asters :1, J. Watson ;2, R. Barton ; 3,W. Norman. Six dahlias (double) :1, J. Lowe ;2, E. Last. Six dahlias, cactus : 1, Rev. H. Monk. Six varieties dahlias, single One of each) : 1, Rev. H. Monk. Six marigolds (French) :1, W. Sephton ; 2, J. Lowe. Six carnations: 1, Rev. H. Monk : 2, J. B)ardm in ;3, W. Norman. Six antirrhinums (spikes) : 1, J. Watson ;2, J. Lowe. Six phloxes (Drummondi), distinct varity, not more than three stems of each 2. T. Rutter. Six phloxes (herbaceous) : 1, J. Lowe ;2, Rev. H. Monk. One banquet :1, T. Rutter ; 2. W. u phton. Six ins- tinct varieties cut garden flowers (outside), not more than three stems or blooms of each : 1, E Last ;2. T. Rutter ;3, J. Watson. Six zanal blooms (not less than three distinct varieties) : 1. T. Rutter ; 2,R. Barton. Six zinsias (distinct) :1. J. Shone. FRUIT.-One dish of apples no,,kinz (6) : 1, J. Lowe ; 2. E. Last :3, R. Anderson. On dish of apples dessert (6) : 1, T. Howard ;2, E. Lost ;3, R. Bart in. One WM) of pears 1, T. Howard ;2, E Last ;3, Rev. H. Monk. One dish of gooseberries : I. J. Lowe ; 2, Rev. H. Monk ; 3, J. Shone. One dish of currants : 1, J. Shone ; 2, A. Cotterill.

VEGETABLES.—C'IIPCtion of wigetables (8 varieties). Second prize c.riren hy Mr. Ward : 1. W. Sephton ; 2. A. Cotterill ;3. R. Anderson. Collection of potatoes (4 varieties) : 1. 'l'. Howar I : 2, .1. Lows ; Dish of potatoes. 6 tubers (round) : 1, T. Howard ; 2, A. Tayl-ur. Dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (kidney) : 1, W. Sepliton ; 2, R. Ant.erson. Dish of tomatoes (6) : I,T. I tter; 2W. Sephton. Two coeumbero:l,C Simm ; 2.Rutter ; 3,W Sephron.Two cnoliflowers :I.W.Septoton; Two sticks of celery (red) : I,W. Sq)hton 2,T. Rottor; 3, J Watson. Two stieko of celery (white) : 1, W. S-iniiton; 2, C. Simm ; 3, J Lowe. Dish of peas (20 pods) : 1, J. Howard ; 2. J. Shone ;3. R. Andsrso-4. Dish of broad beano (12 nods) : 1. J. Lowe ; 2. J. Watson. Dish . of French beano (20 vods) : 1, T. Howard ; 2, C. Simm Wsh of searlet rivanors (12 nods) : 1. W. 5-piton ; 2, Rsv. H. Monk. Dish of onions (6) : 1, W. Sophton ;2, J. Lowe; 3..1. Po.rdrn in. Dish of shallots (12) : 1, W, Sephtso ; 2..1. Boardin on ; 3. C. Simm. Three leek+ : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, C. Simm ; 3, T. Howard. Two cabhag.s (white) : 1. J. Houghton ; 2, W. Seph .on. One eabbage (red) : 1, J. Boardman ; 2, R. Anderson. One vegetable marrow : 1, W. Sephton ; 2, J. Boar man. Six carrots : 1. W. S•inron ; 2. .1. Sh-sne. S,x turnips : 1, F. Last ; 2. W. S:schton. Two le,turva : 1. R. Barton ; 2, J. Poardman. One crown of P,iralev in pot) 1, W. Sephton ;2. C. Simm. Three red beet : 1, Rev. H. Monk . 2. W. Rutter ; 3, W. Sephton. CLASS 3.—COTTAGERS.—PLANTS —Four window pants (distinct)—lot raiz, corner kettle, riven by Mr FL Ditthert ; 2od nriz.s csrving knifo and fork, niven hi' Mr. Randall :1. R. Anderson ;2. A Co'deril Two oviodriw ',Tonto (distinct) :1. A. Cotrerill. ole window plant :2, R. Anderson. One fuchsia :1. R. Anderson. Ole geran- ium : 1, A. Cotterill ; 2. R Anderson. CLASS S.—EXTRA PRIZSS —(M,mbers only, paring not more than £l5 rental, with or without, ~roall green- houses, the conterv's of which shall net be j idged, ean compete f-r this prize.) Rest-kept Cottager's Garden in the Sorietv's to be judged on or about Saturday, July 27rh. Entri-s to be made before the 23rd July First prizo, W sem,- ton; second prize. J. Houghton ; third nriic, T. Howard. First prize given by T. Molynrux, Esq. Bouquet of Wild Flowers, gathered and arranged hv , children under 14 years of age, within the Society's Dis- trine. Entrance Tree. Firs t priz,, M. Barton ; seenni Mir>. A. Barton ; third triv. P. Hsi! ; fourth prizr.. J. For.ty ; fifth pr;z,„ B. Doolston. Given by R. Barton,

THE SPORTS. Shortly after two o'clock the anor:a were proceeded with, the openion. Pvant heing the ihr-e-milea he handicap. The indzea were, Messrs. A. Smith, W U. Hindle. R. Barrier, H. Ffihhert, and T. Gartoo ; the starter. Mr.J Kean, and referee Br. Dohha.

.. THREE MILES BICYCLE FIANDTC&P 1. T. CnnOc*. geratch ; 2„T. Millington (EarlPstown), 323 yaris ; 3, W. Raynor (Newton), scratch. Wor, by a lap and a halt.

100 YARDS LOCAL FLAT RACE HAND:CAP.—Winners nf heats :I,W. T. Reid. Second heat, C W. Flindiev ; third, W. Wnwer; fnurth. J. Rclance ; fi!th. Mil. Unetrin. Final :1, W. T. Reid ;2, W. Blower ;3. C. W, Hindley. ONE MILE LOCAL PICYCLT? !TANI/MAR.—WinnPrs (IF heats : 1, J. flulien (L^iehl„ scratch ; 2. A Pentin<onn Mnitiornej. 30 yards ;3, E. .1. Riittiv, 50. S,cond heat ; 1. T. Crinper, 45 yards ; 2, iv. C. Raynor. 7J yards ; 3. H. Lfnsr, 50 cards. Fina : I,J. Sullen ; 2, A. Penning- ton ; 3, T. Rigby.

100 YARDS OPEN FLAT RACE HANDICAP.—WiDGMR of heats H. Ara wright (Elaydock), 91 yards ; T. Downey (warriugton), 10 yards ; F.C.theave (Warrington F.C.), 10 ya.rus ; A. Under, 81 yards ; U. l'asker (Prestwich), ards ; A. Crouchiey (Gslborne P.C.), 9f yards ; J. Itostren (Warrington P.C.), 10 yards • S. Welsby st yards; S. Shaw (Manchester), 10 yards. &cowl round : 1, 1. Arkwright ; 2, A. Gilder ; 3, F. C. Weave. 'third round: 1, U. Tasker ; 2, S. Welsby ; 3, 6uaw. Final: 1, R. Arkwrigtit ;2, H. Maker ;3, A. Gilder.

ONE MILE OPEN BICYCLE HANDICAP.—First beat :I,W. Coitin (Warrington), 180 yard ; 2,J. Butlers (Leigh),loo yards ; 3, W. Ashton (Sc. Helens), 150 yarns. Second neat : 1, A. M. Phillips (Liverpool), 90 yards ; 2, J. Davies (Warrington), 130 yards ; 3, B. Morton (Man- chester), 170 yards. Inird heat : 1, J. Hall (Weaste), 1'25 yarns ; 2, W. E. Charnoca (Warrington), 145 yards ; 3, A. Furstor (Warrington),l3s yards. Final : I,J 2, W. (Johan ; 3, J. Davies. ONE MILE OPEN FLAT RACE HANDICAP.-1, J. Price, Ortore Harriers, 138 yards ; 2, W. D. Mailes (Uerard's Bridge), 138' yards ; 3, E. W. Stamford, Manchester flamers, 128 yailds. Inc praes were afterwards distributed by Mr. A. Smith'. During the afternoon the Earlestown Band played selections of music.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DlSTaler COUNCIL

A meeting of this Council will be held on Monday next at the 'fowu Hall, Earlestown, when the following buaineas will be summtted.

IfIGIANYAYS, PUBLIC WURICS, AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. 'cue nuuutes ut Gin.: committee include We lel:ow- ing : . . .

ihe Medical Officer of Health (Dr. Watkins) attended to reau ri.s quarterly reperc ending June, giving a birth /atm of 33 7, and deatn rate 17J. of toe estimated popu- lation ; he also repoited ou toe pollution of Newt ulaire, end Dr. Cainputer Brown's analysis of the brook wdt.Jr rLiwing therein iron Gtin. I,', was resolved tudt such portion, of the report or the pollution from Uol- uorne, and a copy or the analysis be sent to the Orc,l- - oorne District Council, urgidg imperative action for a discull,lausuee Of the nuisance : on receipt of their reply, a special meeting of this committee be called. 1 Tise ono-committee's report re night soil depot, was reierred back tor further consideration and completed schemes. An application from Mrs. Ratcliffe was read, asking to have the footpaths to her property in Nelson- st. made at once, for which she was prepared to pay , when completed. It was resolved that cue same be pro- ceeded With at once, and that the Sewerage and making ' oh the street be done immediately after the other streets are made. It was resolved that Messrs. Collingwood, McMahon, and Beatty be a sub-committee to confer and arrange for improved sanitary accomm xlation for people attend- ing the market. Mr. William Waterworth's plans for twelve cottages on Newton Common were again put back, pending a settlement of the public rights to the Common. Mr. G. Ronayne s plans for two shops adjoining Hay- dock railway bridge were deferred until Messrs. It. Evans and Co. had compensated the Council for their in- terest in the land and structure of the retaining wall of the bridge. Mr. Collinge's plan for six additional houses in War- grave New-road was rejectedos net being in accordance with his plan passed December 20th, 1894, as to position and width of back passages. Mr. Collingef who was present, was informed by the Chairman accordingly,acd tnat the proper width of back passage must 7e at once carried out. I

Messrs. T. ad W. Cross's plan for 18 cottages in Atbol-st. was passed, subject to a more satisfactory con- struction of the work.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.

This committee will submit the following minutes :

_ The carbonizing account for the past month was read —furl used 157 tons : gas made 1,592,300 feet, being an average of 10,110 feet per ton of fuel used. The Gas Manager's report and requirements were read and adopted. The illuminating quality of the gas varied from 19 to 20 candles. Thz, gas main in the St. Helens- road had been broken in two places owing to subsidence. Upwards of 200 automatic gas meters had now been fixed. The increased water consumption over the same month last year was 817,000 gallons. It was resolved, that the gas manager he requested to furnish an annual return of the arrears of accounts in his books ; also a description and value of old materials on the works at end of each financial year. The London and North-Western Company's account for water supplied for the six months ending May last, amounting to £707 33. 61., together with sundry other accounts were examined and passed to the Finance Com- mittee for payment.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
F I NANCE COMMITTEE.

The Committee reports that the consideration of the Law Clerk's salary and duties was further referred. The Collector's list of voids for empties and irrecover- able rates was submitted and examined, amounting to £B4 3s. 6d. It was resolved that it be an instruction to the collector to submit all further allowances to this Com- mit tee before heing written off in his books. It was resolved that the local auditors be allowed £lO each for their audit of past year's acceunts.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of tiiis-&-M-Mitte-e--held on July 15, the attendance officer (Mr. Ball) read his report together with the following quarterly return of attendances, end- ing June, 1895 : No. on Average Per- Correspond- Name of School. Books. Atten- centsge. ing Quarter danee. last ye. St. Peter's 270 237 871 89 St. Peter's Infants 133 72 's4* 78t Gas-street Infants Wargrave Wargrive Infants Elrleitown District lesulPstown Infant] _9of 881

W.aleyan Wes le, an Infanta Roman Catholic Roman Catholic Infants 123 113 9156 86 Vulcan Infants ll4 100 871 901-

Totals June. 1895... 2.505 2 155 86

Tota's June, 1894... 2,415 2,134

Whooping Cough and Measles badly. Mr. Ball submitted a report on the cases especially mentioned by Father Lennon when it was resolved to consider the same with the lists of irreffulars at a special meetinei of this committee, when the Chairman (Mr. F. J. Wood) could be present. A renly wag read from the Eilucation Department, dated 28th June, 1895, stating that "Section 23 of the Elementary Education Department of 1876, does not give the Committee access to the registers of any public elementary school within their district, unless the mana- gers have failed to fill up and return to. the Committee such forms as they may furnish for the purpose of ob- taining reasonable information with respect to the at- tendances of children residing in their district who attend such school."

===== 0002601_18950810_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE "F MOTIONS.

The Chairman in pursuance of notice given will move that Dr. Watkins he re-appointed medical officer of health for another year upon the same terms as the office is now held 1357 him. Mr. Smith will move that ()wino' to the great Increase in th. work of the Clerk and Sarvevor, a clerk he ap• pointed by the Council to assist him in such manner as the Council may direct.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHORT WAY WITH GAMBLERS.

In Ent,land when a young man ruins himself with eamhling. he becomes a nuisance and a disgrace to his , family and all his relatives. In the Malay Archipelago, they do not submit to this. They club him to death. This is what a writer in The NAM:VaI(' Weekly Chronicle" says the island of °nylon cock-fightine •s carried to a great height. The Sumatrans are addicttd ,to the use of dire. A strong spirit of play characterises a Malayan. After having resigned everything to the ,yond fortune of the winner, he is reduced to a ITOrrid 9ta,.P of desperatinn ; he then loosens a certain lock of ,ir. which indicates war and destruction to all whom the ravin;c qamester meets, lie intoxicates himself with orOnm ; and working himself into a fit of frenzy,he bites or kill everyone who comes in his way. Rut as soon as this lock is seen flowing. it is lawful to frsr at the person and to destroy him as fast as OnS• Ohl,. This custom is what is called "To run a-muck." To di:charge their gambling debts, the Siamese sell their possessions. their families, and at length them- selyee. the Chinese nlay niviat and day, till they have lost all they are worth ; and then they usually go and hone thernaclves. Such is the propensity of the Japanese for lih nl v. that they were compelled to make a law, that " Whoever ventures his money at play shall he put to death." In the newly-discovered islands of the Pacifi7 Ocean, tiler venture even their hatchets, which they bold as invaluable acqnisitiens, on running, matches'' We saw a man." says Cook, " beating his breast and tearing his hair in the violence of his rage,for haying. lost three hatchets at one of these races, and which he had purchased with nearly half his property.'

GENERAL BOOTH'S OV E 1-SEA COLONY.

-- Iwellieence has just been received at the International I Flea Oquarters of the Salvation Army in London that the ' e •rnmission appointed lsy General Booth to look for a suitable site in Canada tru serve the purposes of the over- tly, .93 colony the provision of which will complete the Genoral's " Darkest England " scheme have been tiros. rr.rtioe in the Saskatchewan Valley, where they have been well received. The Commission, which comprises Commandant Tlerbert Booth. Colonel Stit (the eovenor of ho Fladlcigh Farm Colony), and Mr. Lawford, of Basingstoke, (an agricultural expert), are favourably impressed with the valley named and its aiaptabilitr to ends the over-the-sea colony is intended to serve. As a result of the Commission's investigations thou far, and their report, General Booth is Said to be " fetling more satisfied and confident with rec,ard to the immedi- ate foture of the over-sea colony than for some time past."

• g

A AA

_

===== 0002601_18950810_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VOLUNTEERS UNDER CANVAS'

The 2nd (Earl of Chester's) Volunteer Regiment of which the Runcorn Volunteers form a part, has since last Saturday, been having its annual experiences in camp. As was the case last year, the camp was pitched in a field near the South Shore, Blackpool. They forte a portion of the brigade camp which includes the Ist and 2nd Volunteer Battalion Royal Welsh Fusiliers, 2nd Shropshire, and the Ist Hereford. The preparatious for the convenience of the members of the corps were some- what interfered with through the unfavourable weather. During Friday night rain fell in torrents and was driven through the tents, thus rendering the con- dition of those in charge very uncomfortable. All was, however, in readiness for the reception of our local de- fenders who arrived on Saturday evening. The officers' lines were pitched in the rear, then came the staff sergeants' line, after which were the abodes of the serge, ants and men. The cyclists,who are under the command of Sergeant Hack, have three tents to themselves, as also have the signallers,under Sergeant Holland ,accommoda- tion being provided for. The six regiments comprise between 4,000 and 5,000 volunteers. In addition to the temporary habitations there are the usual departments for stores, for canteen purposes, and for the officers and sergeants in which to have their meals. The camp ground is well adapted for the purpose for which it is utilized, being level as well as sandy,the latter qualifica- tion making it porous, so that soon alter a shower it is comparatively dry. The respective companies comprising the 2nd Earl of Chester's Regiment stationed at Chester, Run- corn, Hartford, and Frodsharn, travelled by two special trains on Saturday, the first contingent from Chester and Frodsham reached the camp ground about seven o'clock, but the other portion did not arrive until about nine o'clock. They were headed by their respective bands. The strength of the battalion consists of 23 officers, 46 sergeants, 74 band and buglers, and 447 rank and file, or a total muster of about 600, which is considered satisfactory. Toe cfficers in attendance were—Colonel Ash- ton, Major Hazlehurst, Captain and Adjutant Turton, Hon. Majors T. Woolley, and G. W. Dutton, Dr. King (medical officer),the Rev. Dr. Preston (chaplain), Cap- tains J. Smith, H. Harrison, C. Gainon,H. J. Thompson, anu G. F. Ashton; Lieutenants F. 0. Evans, C. E. Bromley, E. L. Clarke, It. E. B. Brundrit, S. Thorneley, J. B. R.iyle, R. L. Sinclare Nichloson and Garrett, and Quartermaster C. Edwards. file onerous duties of sergeant-major are performed by Sergeant-Major J. Thomas, with the assistance of Sergeant-Instructors Evans, Burke and Callaghan. The orderly-room labours are executed by Quartermaster-Sergeant C. P. Jones and Sergeant-Instructor McGarvie. The stores are once more under the care of Quartermaster-Sergeants Parkin and Hankinson. The cooking arrangements are under the superintendence of Sergeant Hughes, of the Che- shire Regiment. The canteen has once more been en- trusted to Mr. George Shone, of the George and Dragon Hotel, Runcorn, and his efforts to provide fcr the wants of the men give every satisfaction. The catering for the officers' mess is in the hands of Messrs. Galt and Capper, of Liverpool, and the sergeants' mess is presided over by Sergeant Anderson. The brigade sergeant of police is Sergeant Harvey. On arrival at the camp, the men partook of refresh- ments, and shortly afterwards retired to rest. Their first night's experience was not however, of a very pleasant deserietion, for the rain which descended caused them no small amount of discomfort. The chaplain (Rev. Dr. Pieston) was one of the sufferers in consequ- ence of his luggage having got astray, and which had the result of causing him to take his lodgings on the ground. The next morning he found that his bedstead, which had come in very late, was out in the field. The Runcorn baggage also was left behind, and did not arrive until close upon midnight, and probably would not have reached even then but for the exertions of Cap- tain Ashton.

There was a large attendance of visitors from various parts whence the Volunteers had come, as well as from the immediate district at the usual service which was held on Sunday morning. The drums were erected, and the Union Jack. thrown across them. The Chaplain (the Rev. Dr. Preston) conducted the service.—Colonel Ash- ton, in dismissing the men for the day, said it was quite unnecessary for him to speak any words of advice to those who had previously been in camp, but he wished the recruits to observe military etiquette, and to salute the superior officers of the Brigade camp wherever they might meet them. He trusted their conduct would be of an exemplary character. He also urged them to use the utmost care if they went for a bathe. On Monday, the men set to their work in downright earnest. They were aroused at an early hour and during the day they put in three drills, namely, one at 8.30, another at 10.30, and the third at three o'clock. This was repeated on the following three days, and it is anti- cipated that as a result they will be in readiness to keep up the prestige of the regiment at the inspection, which takes place to-day (Friday) by Colonel Butlin. An in- teresting ceremony will follow this important event, for the Colonel will distribute the long service medals which have not yet been placed in the hands of those to whom they belong, namely, Lance-Corporal Blane, Corporal Rigby, Sergeant Carr, Corporal Roscoe, Quartermaster Brown, Colour-Sergeants Carr, A. Davies, and T. Davies, Private Roberts, and Corporal Simcock. The conduct of the men has been excellent, the only unpleasant in- cident being, that the Colonel has been obliged to hold a Court Martial over one member who was insubordinate at the drill at Runrorn, last Saturday week. The offender was dismissed from the regiment. The weather during the week has been showery. A correspondent writing on Wednesday save :—The battalions of the 2nd Earl of Chester's,lst and 2nd Royal Welsh Fusiliers, 2nd Shropshire, and let Hereford, form- ing the Welsh Border Brigade are experiencing very favourable weather, especially Brigade, drill purposes, at the camp. South Shore, Blackpool, so that the inspection by Colonel Butlin promises to re attended with success. Yesterday the members, numbering between 4,000 and 5,000, had a review under Brigade-General Carey, in the presence of a large number of spectators. The various movements were admirably gone through. On Tuesday they had a sham fight, four battalions being pitted against the 2nd Cheshire and let Shropshire, the latter of whom obtained an impregnable position, and were highly cnmplimented by the umpire,General Carey. The weather throughout each day has been fine, so that not a single drill has heen missed, thus enabling the men to gain efficiency. Each night, however, heavy showers have fallen, but without serious consequences or undue unpleasantness. 'rhere is very little sickness, and the conduct of the yoluntee-s has been of an exemplary character.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROMANTIC ELOPEMENT FROM

WI INES. POLICE PROCEEDINGS.

On Thursday. at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before Messrs. J. Brock. D. M'Kechnie, and J. Mercer, William Rutherford, whose address was given as 43, Titchfield- st., Liverpool, was brought up on remand charged with steeling various articles of household furniture, the pro- perty of Nicholas Farrell, a chemical labourer, of 40, Wareing-st., Widnes, on the 30th tilt, It may be explained that the goods were removed on the evening of the date named on a lurry to the house in Liverpool, which had been previously rented by the pri- soner, who was there joined by Mrs. Farrell. The prose- cutor was at his work at the time the goods were re- moved, and the woman left her children at home. Far- rell took out a warrant on Thursday last, and on Friday the prisoner was arrested at 43, Titchfield-st. by ?oboe- constsble Worsford, He was remanded on Saturday, and, notwithstanding Mrs. Farrell's efforts on his behalf, he was unable to obtain sureties, and has been in custody since. " " ' • ' ' '

Nichols. Farrell, the prosecutor, stated that the pri- soner had lodged with him for about two years, up to the 30th ult. On the afternoon of that date, about half- past one. witness went to his work, leaving prisoner and witness's wife in the house. Witness returned in the evening, about ten o'clock, and found that nearly all the furniture was gone, as well as his wife and the lodger and two children. The goods he rnissed were worth more than £l5. and among them was a family Bible.— Cross-examined by the prisoner: Some of the goods he had obtained on the hire system, but he had already paid more than 15 for them. He had told his wife to go, hot he never told him (the prisoner) to take her. (Laughter.) His wife had said she wanted to an, and witness had said he had better go. He had never told his wife she could take the furni- ture.—Edwin Clav, carter in the employ of Mr. Sefton, coal dealer, said the prisoner met him in Loasdale-road about nine o'clock on the morning ,of the 30th ult. and arranged with witness to remove the furniture ?rem 40, Wareing-street to Liverpool at night. He wrote the name " Farrell. 40, Wareing-st.," on a leaf of his nock&-book and u'ave it him. The price arranged was 12s. Witness rook a lorry to the house about nine o'clock At night. Prisoner carried the goods to the lurry, and witness loaded them. He saw nothing of Mrs. Farrell until he arrived At 43, Titchfield-street, Liverpool, at two o'clock the next morning. Prisoner gave witness the 124., but he got it fr mu Mrs. Farrell. While removing the goods in Wareing- street a crowd of women and children con- gregated near the house, and the prisoner told witness that if anyone asked him where he was taking the furniture to say, "To West Bank," and witness did so when some young men asked him. The prisoner accomnanied the furry all the way to Liverpool with three children.—Police-constable Worsfold proved serv- ing the warrant upon the prisoner at 43,Titchfield-street Liverpool, on Friday afternoon. In reply to the charge, the prisoner said, " I never stole them. I am a lodger. She (pointing to Mrs. Farrell) said she would come away, and I said I would open barber's shop in. Liverpool." Both prisoner and Mrs. Farrell were in the house. Witness found the rent. book of the house in Titchfield-st.., which was in the prisoner's name.—After being cautioned, the prisoner made a long statement to the effect that on the 22nd tilt Farrell told his wife to go and take him (the pri- soner) with her,and that whatever she took he Would not fellow her across the street. It was Mrs. Farrell's stw- erstion that they should move to Liverpool and he did to. He had nothing whatever to do with the things. He briieved they were Mrs. Farrell's own property, as he had heard her and her husband arguing the point.—The prlsoner was committed for trial at the County Quarter Sc Wong.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_,„, •

===== 0002601_18950810_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

SANBEY WIRE MILLS V. laLem.—This match was played at Irlam on Bank Holiday, before a fair number of spectators. As this was the initial appearance of the wire men at Irlam a considerable amount of interest was centred ia the encounter, especially as the homesters have not for some seasons tasted defeat on their own turf .The home team won the:toss,and decided to bat but made poor use of their opportunities, the whole team being out for the poor total of 39, a result due to the really splendid fielding and bowling of the visitors. The visitors' first two bats opened very quietly, and small as the home score was the game was anybody's up to the very last. When the last man came in 4 runs were I wanted to tie, but playing carefully run by run was got till Evans by a splendid drive clean out of ground for 4, the match. The innings eventually closed for a total of 45. The home team batted the 2nd inn- ings, and were again dismissed for a poor total 47. The visitors losing one wicket for 14, when time saved the home team from a heavier defeat. Scores :

IRLA3e. SANKEY. Rev W Austwick b Simp- F Williams b Taylor son L Taylor c Evans b Mar- Woodcock b Taylor o shall A Whitfield c Warburton b Lawton c Austwick b Lawton 7 Taylor T Yarwood Is Lawton 2 Simpson hit w. b Taylor 0 J Taylor b Lawton 3 Warburton c Yarwood b A Half ord lbw b Marshall 1 Taylor 0 Brooke c Palmer b Law- Evans not out ton 7 Moss run out R B Toft c Woodcock b Hobson b Austwick Hobson 0 Palmer c Holford b Aust.] J. S Yarwood c Lawton b wick Hobson 0 7 Wrigley not out 4 J Daniels run out o Extras

Total

Total

BEWSET WRITE STAR V. Sr. ALEANS.—This match was played on the former's ground, and resulted in an easy win for the Star. Score:—

-BEWSEY WRITE STAR. ST. ALBAYS. W Ford b McEvoy 6 Costello b Lee G Ford b Garrey 6 McEvoy b W Ford Sykes c Brown b McEvoy... 0 Brown bW Ford Lee run out Litheriand tun out 6 Finnegan b W Ford 0 Fouler c Finnegan b Garrey 20 J McQue b W Ford 0 D Owen not out 1 Stirrup not out 5 Morrell Garrey o & b W Ford 6 Pennington to bat. Ormsby b W Ford 0 Wortley Mather b W Ford 0 Roberts 11 McQue b W Ford 0 Extras 2 ltxtras 3

Total l4

===== 0002601_18950810_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Total or 6 wickets 40

FRODSHAIf.

SUSPECTED OUTBREAK OF SWINE FEYER.—OH Sunday it was found that two pigs belonging on premises at Overton, were suffering from some disease, and on Tues- day, a pig was found dead at a place in Frodsham. It is suspected that these are cases of swine fever, and they have been reported to the Board of Agriculture. THEFT OF WEARING APPAREL &C.—At Frodsham Police Court on Thursday morning before Mr. Thomas and Dr. Steele, Elizabeth Hoose, a widow, Overton, was charged with stealing a quantity of clothing, the property of Thomas Jones Overton, on the 30th July, and was further charged with stealing several articles of clothing and a tablecloth, the property of Mary Jefferies. The articles,were valued at 12s. 9d.—Mrs. Jones stated that the prisoner had been accustomed to work for her at times. She missed the articles and suspected the prisoner of stealing them. On charging the woman with the offence, she admitted it and said she would return the articles if no action was taken. She brought them back on the morning of the 3rd inst.—Mrs. Jefferies gave evidence as to the prisoner having had occasion to visit her house. She missed thearticles in question and found that the prisoner had taken them.—Elizabeth Walker and Ellen Jannion spoke to the prisoner having offered them some of the articles for sale. She told thema that she wanted the money for bread.—P.C. Wetherby appre- hended the prisoner the previous day. He charged her with the theft and she admitted it. —She appealed to the magistrates to be lenient with her and said it walall through drink. She promised to reform, and the magis- trates decided to fine her is. and 10s. costs. MARRIAGE OF THE REV. CHARLES STEELE.—A marri- age in which a great deal of local interest was taken, was celebrated at St. Albans' Church, Tattenhall, on Wednesday afternoon, when Miss Violet Causer Lowe, elder daughter of the late Mr. William Lowe, of Liver- pool, and the Rev. Cnarles Steele, son of Dr. Steele, of Netherton, Fradsham, and formerly of the Old Quay works, Runcorn, were united in the bonds of holy matrimony. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. Canon Holme, who was assisted by the Rev. Ffoliott Sandford, Vicar of Sharrow, Sheffield, and the Rev. Charles Arnold, Vicar of Tattenball. The service was fully choral, and the proceedings were witnessed by a good number of spectators. The bride was prettily attired in a dress of white silk, trimmed with lace. She wore a wreath of orange blossoms, and carried a beauti- ful bouquet. She was accons;,anied by two bridesmaids, Miss Lowe (sister of the bride) and Miss Steele (sister of the bridegroom). They were attired in dresses of white muslin, trimmed with pink corded silk, and wore hats, with flowers to match. They were each I adorned with pearl brooches, the gift of the bridegroom, and carried bouquets of pink carnations. The bride was given away by her uncle, Mr. Corbet Lowe. Two pages, the sons of the Rev. Charles Arnold, were also in attendance, and were dressed in suits of Henry VIII. period. The best man was Mr. M. Steele, jun., brother of the bridegroom. As the party left the church, Men- delssohn's wed-known " Wedding March "was played. An " At Home " was afterwards held at the vicarage, kindly placed at the party's disposal by the Vicar. About 100 guests were present. The happy couple departed later in the afternoon for Grange en route for the Eng- lish lakes. The bride wore a travelling dress of dark green with whita silk waistcoat trimmed with lace. The presents, numbering about 200, were of a costly descrip- tion.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
MASSACRE OF ENGLISH WOMEN IN

CHINA.

HORRIBLE ATROCITIES.

A horrible massacre of five lady missionaries of Eng- lish nationalty has taken place at Ku-Cheng, a perfec- ural capital in the Province of lionan, situated a hundred miles east of Foochow, on the Yellow River. The ladies were attacked and butchered by the natives after unspeakable atrocities had been committed upon them. Other foreigners, amongst whom were several women and children, were more or less seriously wounded on the same occasion. The Chinese officials again connived at, if they did not instigate, the outrage. The foreign community at Shanghai look upon the com- mission sent 'to Cheng-tu to inquire into the recent riots as a farce, the more so as several officials who were openly charged with complicity have been promoted instead of receiving punishment or censure. The Shanghai correspondent of the "Times," writing on Saturday, says :—The missionary sanatcrium at Whasang, near Ku-Cheng, in the province of Fokien, has been attacked. Five foreign ladies were killed. Two foreign ladies and two children were wounded and others are missing. . _ _

Telegraphing on Sunday, the same correspondent says :—Ten British subjects were killed at Ku-Cheng. The Rev. It. W. Stewart, Mrs. Stewart, and one child were burnt in the house. Misses Yellow, Mrs. Hall Saunders (2). Gordon (2), and Bessie Newcombe were murdered wits spears and swords. Miss Codrington was seriously wounded on the head. Mr. Stewart's eldest child had a kneecap badly injirei. The youngest child had an eve gouged out. The Rev. Mr. Philips, Dr. Gregory, and Miss Hartford escaped and have arrived safely at Fu-Chau-Fu. The last two, who are Ameri- cans, are wounded. The Cheng-Tu Commission of In- quiry includes the Prefect, who himself is seriously implicated.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—A meeting of this Coun• cil was held on Tuesday evening at the Day Star Techni- cal Institute, the Chairman (Mr. J. C. Routledge) pre- siding. There were also present Mr. C. E. Parker (vice- chairman), Dr. Murray, Mr. James Millington' Mr. Evan Cross, and Mr. Jonas Forster (clerk).—With regard to ' the Recreation ground, Mr. Parker said that, as the Council knew, Mr. Forster had received a letter from Mr. Campbell with reference to it. He (the speaker) wrote to Mr. Campbell in reply, but he did not seem to realise what had been done to the ground, and that they had spent £4O upon it in levelling it and improving the hedges. He had since had a long talk with him, and suggested that the best course to adopt was for Mr. Hughes to sell to them (if the Council could raise the money) his rights outright.— He thought further, as a Parish Council or privately, someone would have come forward and bought out the rights and have given the ground to the village as a whole. Mr. Campbell would not entertain that for a moment, but he would be willing to accept a nominal rent. He (Mr. Parker) suggested Se., but the reply was that that amount was not worth collecting. He men- tioned £2 or £l. He asked what would be the result if the Council felt inclined to improve the recreation ground by laying it out, and he re-asserted his right to the grazing. He said that could be arranged in the form of a lease, but he did not suggest any term.—Several questions having been answered by the Clerk as to the Powers of the Council.—Mr. Cross proposed that the Chairman and Vice-Chairman negotiate with Mr. Camp- bell for a settlement of the matter OR the lines referred to by Mr. Parker.—Mr. Millington seconded the motion, which was agreed to.—The Clerk submitted a map of the township, which it is intended to hang on one of the walls. It was examined by the members.—This was all the business of public intermit before the Council.

A resolution proposed by Alderman M`Kerrow in the Salford Council yesterday to memorialise the Govern ment to introduce a Bill giving local authorities power to license racecourses, so as to mitigate the evils of gambling was defeated by a large majority.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The report of the London and North-Western Railway Company for the past half year shows a decrease in, revenue of £85,673. The principal falling off was ith coal traffic, which has not vet recov.red frdrn the ills- turbance caused by the strike of 1893. Within a few miles of the busy city of Manchester, and within the hearing of the mighty hammer of the Nastnyth Foundry, st Inds Worsley- Hall, the beautiful seat of the Earl of Elle-mn-e. It was a happy idea of? n e the part of the proprietors of the "Gardener's Magazine 7 to devote a supplement of eight pages to the illustra: tion and description of the interesting !mansion WI grounds, se being a separate plate of the hou _ also included. This supplement is to be issued August 24th, and will be given with the issue of the " tije Gardener's Mrgazine." An exc.llent portrait of Earl is given, and there are views of the picturesque 0!il hall, the avenue of limes,which trees grow so vigorousnlY. at Worsley, the lake and it-land, the flower garden, a 14' other scenes in the grounds. The literary work is 7 sandy done, and there is much int,resting informat_ given in regard to the house and its successive owners the surrounding country, and the gardens and Sowell* which will ensure a brisk demand for the supplement.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

----• WESLEYAN SUNDAY FCROoL. —T h e an n u.aan.l d. ..`:seacril i, oeTrlale,asireaos ahsesledmbolned BmantkbeHseribliednalyre.emTahte I.l.4esacpbmer and procession to Duke's field, which nal been kindly P'e,',.,f , at their service by Mr. William Nixon. VariouskionnbaelL . recreation were indulged in, including cricket, fe t t in swings, etc. Many former scholars, 00,iv reSidetnt other localities, were present, thus showing their ll' aoom' ' ment to the school. Tea was provided in the school!: lea , at 4.30, and was partaken of by 240 children nac,liveg, adults. Alter tea, races were run for purses• hymnbooks, etc. Much fun was caused by the CO ' ing of a large quantity of nuts. At 8 o'clock t..hef the' pany left the field, and stindine at the fron'' hoeart chapel, sang a hymn and the d ,I cfY 'throe d cheers were afterwards given fo°rx' R°e"v..J Messrs. William and John Nixon and 0. '"°,--pe. 1 '6. children then went home.and thee'lder scholars-IPa I) for a short time for games in the school. fl Tite, an .

-- WEDDING AT NEWTON. nre. On Wednesday at the Congregational Giiiatr„, Newton,there was solemnised by the ReV' gest the marriage of Miss Adelaide Kate Wood, daughter of Mr. G. S. Wood, of Birley-st., with Mr. Edward Clarke, of Winwick, e°r4„-- IZe Richard Clarke, schoolmaster. There Was "j:lrde'S e "'" congregation to witness the ceremonY, father being a very old resident of Nthewt" d ' willige consequently well-known, The bride, vi," )111 attired in cream silk, was attended by 14.19 the burn and Miss G. Bothwell. as bridesmal"B9hrider groomsman being Mr.. Frank Milburn. Th,e:',-ose was given away by her father. The servic` rime fully choral, the choir singing several aPPr°„Teved hymns. As a voluntary Mr. W. Thom Peon S. Bennett's "Barcarole," and as the we entered the church he played Lohengrin's " n3eun- ing March," and at the close of the service rge d elssohn's " Wedding March." There were Id number of guests, the bridal repast b ' arde tbe the home of the bride's father. Afterw newly married couple left for Llandudte:no.:l::.reiat-tab: honeymoon will be spent. There was n goo" ber of useful presents.

MARKETS. gt 70 WARRINGTON MARKEL—WEDNESDAY. ALIBII,-, 00 FRUIT, VEGETABLE. FOUL TRY. BUTCHER • FISHMONGERS TABLE. a. . 8. d. a. d. Beef. Eng.,' it 0 sto 0 9 Melon) each ••• ' ; 0 „' Lamb per lb 0 8-0 II Oranges, each l' - --. n ,_0 0 Mutton ~0 6-' 10 Celery 7 stick v Veal „ „ -0 9 Pears ........ ... 0 7_ 0 . Pork ~i, -0 8 Apricot's each 0 'A__ 0 ‘,l Pork skies ~ cured Whole pigs„ sc 7 6-7 8 4ineu•nbers each() 6 0 I Geese ~0 0 • 9 6 Cabbages each 0 Fowls r couple 4 6- 5 6 Tomatoes iir Chickens - 6 0 Filbert alb ...... 0 n .._ 0 2 Ducklings ~6 6- 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 . 0 ? 0 1 - 0 Rabbits - 0 Hares. each Pigeons~ 0 0 2 Parteidge brace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes firbn 8- 0 n Grouse „ - 0 0 Mushro an, Pheasants -0 0 Green peas f'. ' ,:) 3- v i Turkey OO -0 0 Green ,prouss 0 0- 0 Butter, fresh a, 1 2- 1 3 B one kiffneY m 0 Hen eggs 11 1 0- 0 0 Pomewanates•-•0 0_ 0 Duck ~ - 0 0 Walnuts ~ ••••'' n 1--0 6 v 0 0 Apples lb - 0 3 Lemons .. ..... 0-- Onions „ - 0 2 Cho •se. ......... •• 0 „ __ M 0 52 0„ 50 0 Grapes „ 0 0-2 0 Fine Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 Good ' ......... ••45 un-:45 0 Greengages telt 0 0- 0 8 Helium . Cherries " ...... 0 0- 0 6 Lobster le 111 • 1 9_i 12' Strawberries „00 -0 4 Turbot •• - Damsons ~ ~0 0... 0 0 S.dmon „ - 0 - 6 Plums ~0 () 0 4 Whit,ngs ..... __o 0 Gooseberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Fluk,s „ - ° 8 Raspberries ~0 7- 0 0 Eels .. „ '' n 0 -1,, o Black Currants 0 0-0 4 Soles .. „ - 0 .--- '" g lied Currants 0 0-0 4 Sparlings 0 4 _ 0 , Marrows each 0 0-0 6 Codfish , .....• 0 0 - 0 " 0 Seakale IP itIO 0- 0 0 Mackerel each 0 ; ...... 0 .Rhubsn t, bch 0 0- 0 0 ~ erring dozen 1 v _.-

FOR FIRST-CLAss PRIVAII4

DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary. but tn 3 arranged.

TEETH.

TEETH.

rrEETH. TEETII.

Each patientAilnlfeoorriinseualtbaetiroons rehf:ened. the co, for work required Gold and oth,r fillings at moderate charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Ext, action as hit herto bY the °I of Eitiou Oxide. Maker to Dentists M 10, 00 gfillen° weekly. Exors. of the late

TEETH. TEETH. TEETII.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
J. H. PARKrysoN

(DENTIST DT EXAM.)

MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STRES

(NAT TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CIIURCII-STREEL

ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET,

s• EARLESTOWN, on TL EsDAys, at WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAN°I3I4.

-- RUNCORN, on THURSD.A.YS, Bainco3-BT. NORTHWICH,on Flu DAYS, 18, APrrlorti-o°4l'.

===== 0002601_18950810_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGES.

--- WILLIAMSON—BIRCHALL.—JuIy 271 h. Sit the Parunsilianor" Warrington, by the R. v. F. W. Willis, Day" Wi to Sarah Ann Biroball. Vfor- ‘-uoarell. MANUEL —SHEPHERD—Aug. Ist. at St. Paul's got rington, by the 2tev. H. V. Ihgot. Joins pr'sv;l of (formerly of of Canterbury), t EI iz abe.h Depra. he rington.

chure.::

D EAT 11 S. gliobe° BRIDGE—JuIy 26th, at Derby-street, Warringtoth Bridve, aved 29 years. .v riagt°' HINCEILIFFE —July 27th, at Catnerine-street, "ar Elizabeth Hinehliffe. aged 49 voars. poisS. Del-ma—July 28th, at West-street,Warrington. A*inie- Sari aged 10 months. WRALL—JuIy 29th, at Gandy's Walk. Warringt,o3' Ellen Wrall aged 5 years. poothi WELLS —Ju'y 30th. at Winwic tc-road, Warrlngtoi, Louisa Wells aged 4 months. vvorring"9.. II ouo7roH—July 30th, at Ilaydock-street, . . . -

Bertha Houghron, aged 3 years:

Just MEMORIAL CIR. 6.4.6'Clitiocaknd .11'sApAeTEcHtDS:5TanirPIAlet°113111° printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, VV137,-d lato" Handbills, Bill Heads, &C. Newest tyPet Machiner—, JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGH PONS. DG-STRE ET. WARR I NUT 0r• • • •_":

- - .......... _—_____—____ A C ‘'arrington.—Printed and Publishect by J‘All`l --;,,,.5t• r- ; ar. 7e hranuner Geller al Printing Works. 13.,r and Published also at The 117CA711 nzr Offie, -6 • .% '' _woo ...; Hi gh,t,,et it,,,,,,m, , 32. Oeorge Avort, fieens 7 azd ..'43, I'Lla..cet.street, HAELFATOWIIr• 10, 18P5,

MEMORIAL C received a large of ADS. C .teet notice. II Heads,

ry. 34, DRY

I

-.----111.....'

===== 0002601_18950810_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, GREEN- WAY-ROAD, RUNCORN. ANNUAL CHOIR SERMONS Will be preached on SUNDAY NEXT. AUGUST •1895. . By Mr. J. BEMIS, of Buckley. echens at mornin and evening services on bebalf of Pund, g

I,IIXCORN CYCLE CLUB. %Rale FLOWER CARNIVAL AND LANTERN FARADE. WE IiNESDAY, AUGUST 14. ollection in aid of District Nurse Fund, and Royal Lifeboat Institution. Procession starts from Devon- 11(Itiare at 7.30 prompt.

are urged to examine the New Voters Lists now lted on the Ooors or Notice Boards of all Churches and Copies can also be seen at the Liberal Clubs and LII 4gents residences within the Division. Iberia' whose names are omitted or wrongly described 'requested to inform their District Registration Agent, the rtelti47 of the Local Liberal Club, or myself. in ceder that a esi ..2zlaY be made to rectify such omission or misdescrip- ore Tuesday, August 20th. WILLIAM HANDLEY. Runcorn.

6 Ne°1(11 CO-OPERATIVE INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETY. LIMITED, 8, CHURCH-STREET. The jv Established 1862. .-4NUAL EXCURSION to BLACKPOOL Will take place on MONDAY, AUGUST 19TH. ORN 6 4The Train will leave 0 P.m. DITTON 6.50 a.m. WIDNES 6.55 APPLETON 7.0. a.m. FARNWORTH 7,5 a.m. pileturn from Blackpool (Talbot Road), 6.40. 'Stet, are 2s. 9d. Children unter 12 half fare. aeotterne al be had from any of the Branches or from the, V 410414 AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY. hitSIDYNT : ELLIOTT LEES, Bag, H.P. FIITY-THIRD ANNUAL SHOW of %Attie, Sheep. Pigs, Dogs, Poultry. Pigeon., Bags, Honey. Grain, Roots, Implements, Carriages, Machinery, etc., etc. WILL TAKE PLACE ON THE 4TH AND STH SEPTEMBER, at BIRKENHEAD, when nearly £2,001 RffT will be offered in PRIZES. 8 CLOSE ON THE 17TH AUGUST, 1895.. PRIZE LISTS ARE NOW READY. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, 11 Secretary. 6' n-street, Birkenhead. CkasitilESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. kt.Lsono,„ BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. UTLEY'S GINGER BEER' To belled in CASK or BOTTLES from aCUNNINGHAM, 41u4 WATILIN-STREET WARRINGTON. rtablished 1886. Estimates given' J . SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS 48aISTERED UNIT. &BY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLA,M-LANE, WARRING! ON. -.‘445. GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. hike (.1 th PLUMBING e simplest and most amaroved principles. I lett, S c all latest improvements AT I rovements from £lO and upwards BKST PRICE given for OLD LEAD.

'4RS' LANE COAL WEI ARF WARRINGTON. 'IIARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND tv,_ IRoN COMPANY. LIMITED. HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. ,)t'kla MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS 0,4 ot iwv House Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Engine it• omp Wagons 'alit to any Railway Statio , H •. prtly attended to, Telephone No. 98 IL -Orders received also at 16A, Sankey-et. J. 111 0s s, PARILy BUTCHER. P'ONARD-STREET, AND 61, ALLEN-STREET. %ARRINGTON. IMGLISIi BEEP, MUTTON. VEAL AND 111 r AT MODERATE PRICES. attended to and delivered when required.

—CCIDF NTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, BMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. /NSURED AGAINST BY THE A Lvo " ASSES GERS' ()ANT ASSURANCE CO. C 0 AL R 1,000.000. ESTABLISHED 1849. '4PENSATION PAID £.3.480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Sgeretary. .. AGENTS 44......... ....... Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate ,4.. . .................... Mr. W. H.RIGBEY, Central Station fc'td ....... . ....... Mr S B. LEACH. Hardettaw-street ..................... . . Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER ............Mr. FINLOW,Rookery Bridge

GRATEFUL. COMFORTING-. 0 ri 0 BREAKFAST—SUPPER. BOILING- WATER OR MILK. r I)I)ES'S DANDELION COFFEE. lb' best aola Mid cheapest ever offered to the Public. - I I Grocers and Druggists, la Canister eL, 10d., and Is. 6d. each. 1.1 17 a. GEDDES AND SON, WARRINGTON. 4,0 eILARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EAREEsTowN. TATIONEE, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING "k ROOKBINDING Done to Order. W --4IIRBS and PERIODICALS Delivered to 41,50 d Order. asiorrnient of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock. glatnnump. Y.-A wealthy Spinster, past middle age, but ti,",ectpVflg and amiable disposition, feeling Se 'ail (01D°11dence with an honourable, sympathetic ll;.irt,plet4.tbelor or widower), with asMiss viewgs Ga early t°n I(7r_ es 81,

t iv PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS ti cortS, Granu-daughter of the Widow 15146,6111yorr:nues to prepare this celebrated Medicine E nal and genuine Family Recipe. ''tost Y for all Female ComplAints hasobtained th,erefortfnaive and Inc easing demand. Purchasers rtSl.,:hat ftttend to the following CAUTION .—To be 4s,kl Y. 1,0 ismq they purchase is prepared by Mrs. t" only person in possession or the ORIGI- '4 genuine are wr pped in Blue Paper, and *I). 061,4-'lh:de label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names letor.leiesale eqAgents, 1,1"• EDWARDS AND SON, 157, 0 la-St ' by formerly of 67. St. Paul's, Loudon, pao e O over Sold boxes at 2s. at eh n snout Stamp. enlists.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from 25. 6d. GLORIA from 35. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69. Bridge Street, Warrington.

pQ UPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Ltd T. EG-GiliciToN'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 k 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- Non-road. Manchester.

ROYAL LONDON FRIENDLY SOCIETY. ESTABLISHED 1861. In consequence of the great development and success of the Society's operations in Warrington and the Neighbour- hood, the Directors have secured a long lease of the premises 135. SANKEY-STREET, wARRINGI'ON, and the buniness of the district will be carried on at that address after this date, 29th JULY, 1895. Office Hours, 9to 5. Saturdays, 9to 1. T. H. ASHCROFT. District tiuperindentt

aburatton.

AfALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- -LT.I nate and backward bell. Healthiest place in Ungland. No Medical visit last ten years. Admission any trme. pupils can remain during Bummer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AUSTIN.

STORRS HALL, INGLETON, YORKS. This Establishment is beautifully situated in a bracing and healthy locality. The arrangements of the house afford every convenience that can contribute to health, comfort, and instruction. High-class Education with individual care. Excellent results at examinations, as testified by the numer- ous certificates gained every year. Resident English and Foreign Governesses, also Visiting Professors. Principals—The Misses BROWN. Next Term, Sept. 19th.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. HEAD,mAsTER : Mr. Z. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus, &e., on application.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The next TERM will begin on IUESDAY SEPTEMBER 17th. PEES :—SENIOR DIVISION £l2 pc: annum, JUNIOR DIVISION £9 per annum. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from eight to twelve years of age. PEE : —£6 per annum. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. EADE'S pus. " 30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W.. January 27, 1892, EADE'S Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise ADE'S pus. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills' Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never hul anything to relieve my p,iin so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, kfi OUT called Chalk Gout. Yours truly, •• W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Rade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOSVOILL-ROAD, LONDON. E.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles. is. lid., and Is. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition o the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, wnich, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes a so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. EADE'S ANTIB [MOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, Is. Ifd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADE 12, GOBWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

r I ,HE aUTH ABOUT STAMMERING.—Anyone interested will receive the latest, information and important books on the cure, on loan, post free, without charge, from Itharial, Messrs. DEAcoles, 154; Leadenhall-street, London, LC.

(HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co.. Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London, B.C.

REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weakness, erc., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. Luton. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. The information contained In this book ought to be known by every married woman, aud it will not harm the unmarriep to read. The book is cmveniently divided into 12 !chapters The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The filth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of maternal impressionts and shows that birthmarks are not due longings in the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy i certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result The last chapter treats of the , "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be ha from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, 25 Box. 4, Spanish-place. Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for is. Id.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK' BRIDGE-.:TREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. NOTICE. JOSEPH DARLINGTON, The noted old Bowl Turner, SLATER STREET. off BOLD- STREET, begs te inform the public that he has nothing to do with any other house, his only address being SLATER- STREET. and invites inspection of his Bowls, made out of the best clerk lignum vitie, strictly made to follow the ja2k. GENERAL WOOD & IVORY TURNER, 12, 14, & 16, SLATER STREET, ONLY. LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1820.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY. LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINk,TON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge 28. 3d. £5l, „ 20s. £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 408. ~ £Blss. Od. ALEX. .DORDON, Manager.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From His. LADIES DRESS B &BEETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From Se. 6d. 391 AND 41, DALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SO.EIIERW ATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED AGENTS FOR ISE WALTHAM WA I CH COMPANY. BCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal' fame for these Watches as THE HMI TiMEKERPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 • 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto Gold, from 315 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

QILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND L) SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for PA.SHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBKOKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. jOTIN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch mot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &c., of Finest Quality. ABTISTIC REPAIRIN4 IN ALL ITS BRINCIDIS AT 37, RENSHAW STREhT, LIVERPOOL.

TOOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, 1 CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOOK. Joiners', Ship Carpenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters'. Plasterers', dhoemak Ts', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM el ALE, FAMILY BUTCHER. 27, BRICK-STREET, FENNEL-STREET, WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON. BEEF, VEAL, PORK, &C., Always on hand from 50. to Sid. per lb. A Trial Solicited.

HOLIDAYS. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON, Has all the latest novelties in SUITINGS, VICUNAS, and OTHER CLOTHS For either LADIES' or GENTLEMEN'S wear For the present season. A LARGE ASSORTMENT of GLADSTONE and other TRAVELLING BAGS.

F IRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SKELION LTD., WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY). MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HOKBEMARKBT- STRhET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR AcKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. READ QFFICes : Arpley Station, Warrington. COIL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Arpley Arpley, Bank Quay Matkon-etreet, Runcorn. Garkton,. Tel. Address, Mold Jn. Arpley, Warrington •

This Powder, so celebrated, is known as being perfectly unrivalled indestroving BUGS. FLIVAS, MOTHS, EIKETLBS. and all Insects (while per(tctly harmless to all animal life). All woolens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. To i.void oisappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." It is sold only in tins, and i.very genuine tin has my signature " Thomas Keating "on the label. Sea this to prevent being defrauded. 3d. 6d. is. LABGER TINS. 3d, 6d. 18. LARGER TINS.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDON A LDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artifici Al Teeth making. In Price, Qoality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONA.LDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH I TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel.; TEETH EXTRACT N. D FREE every FR IDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. , Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best arelcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English, American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladles in att,---4—lce. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, BIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 1m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADIbLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock). Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

• H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR. FRARNEEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Hous.s built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing pa etually attended to. Rent and Fire and Lite Assurance Agent.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION, Special Arrangements, dm. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

bbipptigs &tires. ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS.—(Sundays expected.) LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily 10.30 am and 2pm Daily 9am and 4pm Fridays and Saturdays spm Mondays, extra 12.30 am Every Saturday...ll.4s night FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily 2.15 pm I Daily &3O am Douglas this 5.30 pm I Fleetwood due 11.30 am Saturdays extra. Fleetwood to Douglas 12 25 neon. LIVERPOOL 'TO RAMSEY, Saturdays and Mondays direct, 12 30 noon ; Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thursdays, and Fridays. via Douglas. 2 p.m. Weekends at Ramsey, Special Steamer, Mondays. 1 a.m., Ramsey to Livirpool. Funrrwoon TO Ramsay, via Douglas' every Tuesday, We inesday, Thursday, and Friday. at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS To DuELTN, Mondays, Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO GLASGOW, Mondays, Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST. via Peel, daily. Cheap fares and short sea passaes. Hall Caine's " Little Man Island" also Book of Tours and Sailings from Douglas to Dublin. Belfast, and Glasgow, for- warded on receipt of stamps, value 2d., by the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

T IVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS' 1.4 BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY S tILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.S. ' ST. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrive back Liverpool 7.30 p.m. SPECIAL REDUCED FARES POE PARTIES (If previously arranged at Alp nts or at Office),P.s. " BONNIE PRINCESS" every Saturday (to 31st August) from Liver and at 1-30 p.m. returning each Monday to Sept. 2nd due in Liverpool at 10 15 a.m. For Fares and further par- ticulars apply to Peers Brimelow, Horse and Jockey, Warrington : Messrs. T. Cook & Son. Swan & Leach, limited. Dean& Dawson, If. Gaze & Sons. Ltd., or ,to THE LIVER- POOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED, T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. niitli:Olpt. THE BEST ROUTH TO DOUGLAS IS VIA Ba RROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to POCGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in tonnestion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 55 a.m. Specid CDeap Ret urn Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235.6 d. Trains run Third-class and Salon . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lie. Od. 3 steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or v.ce versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney esseengers Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or t Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RAM MAY BE OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. QI'ECIAL REDUCED FARES between LIVER- kJ POOL, GRRENOCK and GLASGOW. Cable "(single) 6s. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months. 100.; Steerage (single) 3s. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. 0411dren above three yaars and under twelve half fare. IGoods booked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manehester Ship Canal Co and bhropshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. s CALLING AT GNENNOCK The first-class full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARIINCH DOCK (south-west Side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers in terms stated in SaLing Bills, to be had from the Agents From Clarence Dock AUGUST (S.W. Side) at Bear Tuesday 13th. 3 p.m. Owl W&dnesday, 14th, 4 p.m. Bear Saturday 17th. 8 p.m. C. INIACIVisit A CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool ; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester. AGE NTB, J. BRUCE MURRAY & Co.. 24 George knee°, Glasgow ;J. & J. DRNHOLM, Oreenok

EVANS' ANNUAL SUMMER SALE IS NOW BEING HELD.

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS REFRESHMENT CATERERS FOR WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCHEON, DINNER, AND SUPPER PARTIES. With or Without Decorations. ESTIMATES ON APPLICATION AT THE RESTAURANT. 102, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. G-. PATERSON FLUSHING. 1:M1.24ND. 4`l.' THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily, ' Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Pricel st'published twice daily durinc, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address.— STEWARDS' CUP, GOODWOOD STAKES, GT EBOR HANDICAP, ST. LEGER, CESAREWITCH, CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE. Ice., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS AE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1 per oz. 1 IMMOVABLE 1 from MADE UP, j 2g. SCALPETTES, j 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LBROH- TRIM, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

'hipping jtptitto.

NORWAY, 1895. FORTNIGHTLY YACHTING CRUISES By the Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. " MIDNIGHT SUN" AND " NORSE KING." From NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE every Saturday, at 7.30 p.m. Fares from Twelve Guineas, including every modern convenience and luxury. Apply for Itineraries to JOHN WALKER and Co.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington, or to PIRRIE, HOPE and Co., Baltic-chambers, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

BEST AND QUICKEST ROUTE TO NORTH WALES AND BACK SAME DAY. HOLYWELL, ST. WINIFRED'S WELL, PRESTATYN, AND RHYL. 1 The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer I FLYING FALCON Will Sail from Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting) as under. 1 LIVERPOOL TO MOSTYN AND BACK THE SAME DAY. Average Passage 1 Hour and 45 Minutes. Giving passengers about three hours ashore, in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. FROM LIVERPOOL. I FROM MOSTYN. Saturday, Aug. 10, 9-30 a.m. Saturday. Aug. 10, 3-15 p.m. Monday. Aug. 12, 10-45 a m. Monday, Aug. 12, 4-15 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 13, 11-0 a.m Tuesday, Aug. 13, 4.45 p.m. 1 Wed'day, Aug. 14, 12-0 noon I Wed'day, Aug, 14, 5-15 pm. Thursday. Aug. 15, 2-0 p.m. I Thursday, Avg. 15, 6-15 p.m. Friday, August 16, 4-0 p.m I Friday. August 16. 7-45 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 17, 4,30 p.m ISs turclay, Aug. 17, 8-0 p.m. Single Fare. Return Fare. Deck is. 6d. 1 Deck ls. Od. Bridge 2s. 6d. Bridge SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY AT 2 45 p.m. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. For further particulars apply to the Flying Falcon Steamship Co., Ltd., 27, Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone No. 2334.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY. at 2 MM., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-a 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI BRIDGE, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.ll. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

VMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: -124 JOHN WALKER AND CO., 1,11it,;41&.• •• EXAMINER OFFICE. - ' WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOE OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- \J DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

INERICAN- LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unneacngesseadry, but may be arrTEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient flonrfworomr:dreqbgrozh. and the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH,. Painless ExtraVirtiroausehic;,xhiecleto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENT= BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. NO. 1660),` LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEM. ! WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARICET-ST

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 67, TANNERS'-LANB, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life, Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Beet Current Rates. Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK RaTIMATED FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, FEKBERToN, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. A LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physidan, will .11. be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m., on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

R2to £5OO Lent to all classes of borrowers on own security, interest low and easy payments, 6d. in the R. All transactions strictly private. —Apply personally or by letter to WILLIAMS AND BELL, 16, Lord-st., Liverpool.

rrltlf, AND BH CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at _L a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attendei to.—Apply in confidence JONHS. 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at ti his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 22, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

T E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment orranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Appiv or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Acmuntant, 20, kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity. or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladles or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person In town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges v hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender.' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. Nu BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Repayments Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JO3EPTI WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ME. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCBS FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respect able Hcuseholders, on their own security. aONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquirY, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lanr, any Evening from St') 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive 2recisely the same attention.

U NION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO NEAD OFFICE-38, RENSIIAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, &c., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week Pls. 9d. £2O „ Ba. „ £5O „ 20s. „ 21C0 ,, 4N. „ £5OO „ £lO „ £lOOO ,, £2O , First-class security at reduced Interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT Lows, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICESI—Market Gate Chambers, AucTioN Rooms—No.l Bank Street). Warrington . ' AGENT To—Sun Fire and Lite Office, London, Establi 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Fidelity Guar - ante° and Employers Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochttion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Rolle rI nsurance Company, Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.. OFFICER AND k SCOTLAND-ROAD ChAMBERS. SALEROOM f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture OR Sale by Piivate Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

ltottio, lipbroo, i3oatbing Ostabs-. BLACK 00L. —Cr escent BOARDING HOUSE, 19 and 20, Lansdowne Crf scent, Claremont Park.

r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST _IA PARADE, healthiest part. centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales, Winter week end, terms 15s.—E. BIKER, Proprietor.

QOUTHPORT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO-Phys.. Dr. A.. 7 BARNARD°, Summer and Winter Res,dence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. slimmer Terms I rcula Is. per day.—J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

(HARMING SUMMER RESORT. HESWALL, CUE- .J SHIRE (near West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, ,ea and moun- tain views, good shore, most delicious and bracing air. Write for prospectus, " Glendower " BOARDING HOUSE, Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends 9s. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

LANDUDNO.—WEST END BOARDING ESTAI3LISR- Ii ; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness. god management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charming situation; view of bays, close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links; liberal table; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JEPECOTT, pro- prietor.

LANDUDNO.—PARADE HOTEL. Church-walks. Ex- LA accommodation; moderate tariff; high-class Ordinary daily at 1 45 ; choirs and picnic parties specially catered for; boarding terms.—C. T. C.

LONDOE. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

°V. (CfiteMt Bet e—e frrso. mF rd rnodm S"t aa;li of anx)).. 18. Comfortable Edward. APARVIENTS.

NEW B IGHTOIsi, Pioneer Refreshment Rooms 53, Vic- toria-road. Goo 1 accommodation for commercials, ex- cursionists. cyclists and pleasure parties. Dinners, teas, &c. Good beds. Charge or contracts.

BA.EMOUTH.—Purnished H E OUS TO LET, nine rooms, vegetable garden. halmon-trout fishing.—Apply Rumple- REYS, Idris House. PENMAENMAWR.—Furnished Villas or Apartments, August, e epternber, or Permanent, near sea, always liked.— BETA. Penrhyn Villa. LACKPOOL —Mrs. B MIGHT BRIGGS and MisS EAR- WOOD (from Darwen), 49,' Yorkshire-street. near the Central Pier. Public and Private Apartments.

DLACKPOOL, North.—First- lass Apartments And Fur- l) nished Rooms; minute from se.—Mrs. TERUSTLE, Mendelessohn House, 4, Braithw%ite-street. f'IOUNTRY LODGINGS gnat itr or a mile from Glenmaye lj Waterfall.—Address, Ensreftn BAILEY, Gordon House Peel, Isle of Man, Terms Moderate.

LIOUTHPORT.—WeII-turnished and homely appartments ; with splendid view on principal promenade, good cook- ing and atttnrianee, terms moderaie.-265a., Lortn-sTREam, Southport

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. IZENYoN, 26. Talbot-square ; com- foitable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartmentspaute or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

I AKES, uninterrupted view of lake, 3 sitting? bedrooms, Ii box-room. bath, hot water, gas ; clam to pier and coaches ; terms moderate.—Apply No. 1, SANDHEY'S AVENUE, Waterloo, near Liverpool.

DOUGLAS.—Delamere House, No. 1, Empress Drive. PIMHo and private Apartments 'with or without board. All bedrooms lacing sea. trams pais from landing pier.—J. B. HOUGH, Proprietor.

DOUChAS. MRS. CHALET kRS and Mrs. LIN.s.ARD, York H °LSD, Castle Drive. facing:Castle Mona Hotel. Spisn ad Sea View. Transs pass the door:every few minutes. Private sitting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

1 LANDUDNO.—Superior Apar, menta clean, comfortable, I_A homely every home comfort ; grand scenery ; pure, bracing air. Terms very moder.,te. Highly recommended. Birmingham references.-51rs. BARROW, h tone Grove, Lloyd- street.

LORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, Sze., quickly 1 CURBD BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary rook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. !torsos Buffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CUBED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Coudy's Fluid. ei fluted). It makes the hair grow where rube off. Prices, oz. is. : 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. ATBTERINARY BOOK free cont dning full directions for V curing diseases 'it Horses, Dogs. ac. from CONDY'S FLUID Ff ORKS. 61. Turnmili-street.London.E .C.

DONY, 13 hands very weed sound. steady and a good I. free go.r Gill by John Lyon and silver plated harness to matehomill sel, separate' y if require. hvaxs,l4l Present- road, Liverpool.

1110XON'S NUTIQERY BOON ',unequalled for DESTROYING Nil 9, and PARAS In the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIKTOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. M. and h. per box. Poet Free Tt and h. Please mention this nape,. Comprises all Soaps in on e. for LAUNDRY, BATII,TO ILE r FLOA'I 8, disinfects rapidly. non inj itrioiis, Whes Itb Oa rubbing or labour. Cures Rheumatism, Refreshed th, skin Wholesale Agents In Warrington, N. H. Peit(IIVAL at Le '7OlO Maker, F. L. BAR RLT, Keynsharn, Bristol.

GEORGE JACKSON, PAWNBROKE 11, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOOCS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

SPECIAL Gent's Silver WATCH, Albert and Seal, by those well Payments taken. known makers Kenai and Dent, London, nearly new, price to clear 395. 6D. for the lot is Warranted.

JUST Out, very handsome Walnut OVERMANTEL 55 by 50, best English silvered glass with bevelled Payments taketi. edges. Canopy top with Brackets for ornaments. There are eight splendid plate mirrors all sizes. This is a bargain, suitable for anyone 22 19s. 6D. wanting a superior glass. Price only

VURFEITED, by spefial contract, Handsome WRITING DESK and ABINET combined, with account books. diary, and memoran- Payments taken. dams complete, is extra well made of English walnut, suitable for pre- sentation. Call and see this. It 25 S. must be sold. A sacrifice for

TAPESTRY CARPET, never been 1 used, 4f by 5 yards. very pretty Payments taken. pattern,and warranted to wear well, only S. D.

riIOILET SET, neat, gold and 1 pink decoration. Price to clear Payments taken. ss. 11d. ; also another very hand- some bET, hand-painted. A bar- 12 6 gain for S. D.

vERY Handsome CRUET V FRAME, best electro plate, Payments taken. with six splendid cut bottles, only 12s. 11. out this week. A rare bargain for

QUFFERERS from hot tender prespiring feet and bodies, should send stamped addressed envelope to Etas. 5, High-street, Whitstable, Kent.

rIN SALE, MANURE WOIIK. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill Derbyshire.—Apply to J. Dogma°, 16, Feu wic ,street, Liverpool. OSALE 2,000 tons wrought, steel and cast, scrap, turn- logs, boiler plates, steam toilers tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.—Apply D. HOULT. Worksop Notts.

IOLF CLUBS. Golf Balls. A pronounced success. Be-t kJ materials, workmanship, and tasiest terms. Sales in. creased four-fold ii. six months. Balls 7s. per Coz. free.— WaGGOTT, Maltase burgh. rro BB SOLD, eight Free hold HOUSES in Liverpool rents £145 per annum, chief rent £2O. price 2.650. STANBITRY, BRUCE, AND Co. 67, L rd-st.. Liverpool.

pHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exchanged.—PHOTOGRAPRIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Manchester (All Saints).

• "IGI OUN D, a way to make One Found go as far as Three. The J. most wonderful stock of Gentleo en's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on hire, 3s. tp fis. per day.—ELwoon, 164, London-road. Liverpool, TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON V SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Alhert-street. Ninu-strret West. Manchester.

A SINGER'S CABINET DROP TREADLE SEWING Lt MACHINE —Cost 16 guineas. quite new, will be eold a bargain ; wife dead ; no reasonable off :r iefused ; Singer's recdpt with machine.— Apply. 31: THOMISION-STRICET, LiverpCol. by better or personally.

LIREAT SURPRISE.—NICVER KNOWN BEFORE.—GoId and Silver English Lever Watches and Chains delivered on first payment of 2s. 6d.. and not on the hire system; warranted for ten years.—Htu.s, 192, Stanley-road, and 8, Great Horner-street. Liverpool.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent aan.11%.,r.. Few special Misfits, from 308. ; Coats, 10s. and Us. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in ecock.—ELwoon 164. London-road, Liverpool. rr ENTS ! Tents! ! Tents ! Suitable for Gardens, 1 Cricket, or Camping-out Purpo,es, 40 feet in circum- ference, pure linen, w.th pegs, poles, and lines complete. These tent, are white, and have only been used a little by her Majesty's Government, and cost over £8 eaeh I will send me Complete Mr33s. ; can be lent on approval.--lIESRY J. GessoN. Government contractor, bye, Sussex. moAGE.IO, HAWKIIIIS. e . now send I: 10-stone, kit mixed Fresh Flit., Cnd, ling. haticlock,, rock silmoa. plaice. gurn4s, for P.O. 108 ; a trial solicited ; satisfaction guaranteed; fryers al6O supplied.—M WYLIE cod Co., Nish lif,clos, Grimsby. AW A RD 14 Li FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide Jubilee Extlibition.lBB7, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 18,38,—T0 PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest Hones in London. for English and Foreign Picture r rams and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in sto•A. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description. cleogrephs. Ac. Further recluc, an In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requislte for the trade and exportation. Special attention to co .ntry and shipping' orders. Full particulars in New Pattern ..,OK just publish,d (94 pages) containing all the Newest Ocelots for 61, stamps. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great at. Andrew-st,. Bloomsbury, London. 'relegraphic address `• Rabbitry," Loudon. Stock Lists end prices of glass inotithly,free.

FURNISH. AT VTORSLEY'S, • "THE PANTHEON. GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. FURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY RERAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED

SPECIAL NOTICE.—WORSLEY'S BUY, SELL, or EX- CHANGE FURNITURE to any amount; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture. go to Wonley's. There is more genuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put together. If you wish to Exchange your furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably deAlt with.

WEEKLY CHAT.—Subject Second-hand Furniture.— The opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- wife to put her house in order, therefore the matter of furni- shing must be well discussed. We cannot, therefore, do better than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- ciding where and what to purchase. This visit cannot pos- sibly but prove remunerative, if only in experience. " The Pantheon " being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close to the Central Station. having a frontage of nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled from floor to ceiling (six storeys) w ith the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World. This is not an exaggeration, but can be verified by ocular siemonetration if you pay a visit to Manchester. Suites of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall. Lamb, Ogden, Bcc., original cost from £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £5O to £7O, for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Worsley's is the place as described.

TO COUNTRY BUYEIIB.—The enormous patronage en- joyed by Wornley's from customers all over Lane ,shire, Yorkshire, Cheshire, The Potteries. all over the North, The Midlaads, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Worsley's. In future carriage will be paid on all orders over £2O to any part of England and Wales. It is only fair to say that better value could not be obtained than Womey's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what distance 30u live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per cent.

(-lAUTluN.—Beware of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- niture, no matter how low the price is- it is dear at any price. Worstey's have second-hand reliable furniture by good makers, which will last for ages. Thore is no disputing the fact that high-class second-band funiture is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the article is old- fashioned. This is easily remedied at Wm sley's, they having over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising second-hand fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevelled, and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering, grub eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture is not troubled with these complaints. They give a written warranty for 10 years with all furnishhing orders.

VEW FURNITURB.—AII Worsley's new furniture is their ...11 own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-hand. Worsh y s have, there- fore. erected a Cabinet Works in City-road, with an immense stock of seasoned timber for the production of reliable furni- ture. livery item in the Bedding Department is new, guaran- teed pure, under Minute inspection.

COMPLETH FURNISHING ORDERS.—Worsley's cat-er specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimates free, an believe in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratioof profit than single articies.

GREAT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE HOUSES OF FU I4NITURE. HOUSE OF FURNITURE FOR £2O. A capital House of Furniture is now on view, late the property of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss Side. Manchester, contains complete furniture fc.,r sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rooms, hall, stairs, landing, &c. Full particulars post free.— WORSLEY'S.

HOUSHS OF FURNITURE, (SECOND HAND). £lO, £2O, £3O. £4O, £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture in stock have been considerably ieluced, complete lists of which will be sent on application post free. All guaranteed for five years.

TIiIPORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised be:ow are .1 priced at the lowest possible figure, for prompt cash ; if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent must be added.

THE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. -- COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid House of zFurniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in as relief ; has comfortable couch andluXuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to a etch. extends to dine 40, with incised early English legs on patent castors; a handsome Per tan boreered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; and las , whi:h is thrown in gratis and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adver- tisement, a haudsome Amerioim walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style to ma,ch the dining-roome suite. The Bedroom suite's solid Cyprit, wood ant is a suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture ; a handsome solid brass and eaft,i oiled bedstead, with complete fittiligs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets. curtains, fender, chamber ware, eke. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consistingotthe usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, ashpan, and top bar, floorcloth or kitonen, landing. and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferrrd payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, it you don't there is no harm done.—WORSLEY'S.

ADIStSTROUS UNHAPPY MARRIAGE.—WORSLEY offers a grand opportunity in a complete House of Furniture, just purchased in consequence of a disastrous marriage resulting In separation. The whole of the furniture was made to order, and is in splendid condition. Briefly descrPied it consist% of a fine sett of Dining-room e urniture, having a magnificent sideboard, modern in style, handsomely carved in bas relief; a suite of couch, two easy chairs and six padded hack single chairs upholstered in morocco, a massive dining table, telescopic extension, a substantial overmantel to match, and a coal cabinet, the whole being in brown oak ; also solid brass fender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale Furniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a settee, two elegant easy chairs and several occas- ional chairs, a match evermantel, three occasional tables, coal cabinet and a massive solid brass fender, dogs, and fire- brasses. The Best Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled elate-glass centre door,dressing table, washstand, table de nuit, three chairs and towel alter, a massive brass and enamelled Persian bedstead, with spring and new hair mattresses ; besides sundries. The Second Bed- room consists just the same articles. but is furnished in American walnut. The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Kitchen contains the usual requisites. The whole forme a compact. substantial, handsome house of furniture, apace preventing anything like an adequate des- cription. The price for the lot is £1.22 10s. A full list, con- taining every item, wilt be sent post free. The let will he s'ored tree until required upon payment of 5p r cent deposit. Delivered free.—WORSLEY'S, Liaythorn. COMPLBTB /10t7513 for £250. This is a special bargain, but would take too much space to tlacribe. It is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, and three ted rooms, servants' rooms, sitting-room, kitchen, hall furniture, Ac., carpets, oil- cloths, linoleums ;in fact, every requisite. Full particulars on application.—WOßSLEY'S.

FIERI FACIA& A writ of Fieri Facies has been the means of Worsley's securing the whore of the furnlttwe of a Bob on gentleman, and is now on view at Worsley's at an enormous sacrifice. Prices are quoted separately for each room. If sold in one lot O per cent will be dedu ted, but any single article may be pur limed. livery art icie gnarant eed for 1U years; delivered carriage paid.—lnspect ion invited. The Dining Room is hendsomely furnished in pollard oak, contains a massive suite, richly carved, upholstered in the most expensive Nnglish morocco leather, stuffed in hair; magnificent flit. 6in, sideboard, the most t'e,utifully marked and figured wood in Fngland ; a grind 12ft dining table, heavy carved ems; a spler.did heavy overmantel to match, also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and pioduced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly £44; our prise £137. A wonderful bargain.

- - The Drawl:lg is a charming picture of good taste, being en- tirely Chippi-nda:e. contains, briefly, an elegant Sit. cabinet, all carved and pertorated in Flgyptian pediments fitted with brilliant plate-glass panels ; a recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 6 occasional chairs all various designs, upholstereo iii silk Genoa as desired, selectioo f tints su'ornitted, the whole having been repaired for re-covering ; a very beautitul over- mantel and a set of three occasional tables complete; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth E 250. The Breakfast Boom Is furnished in American walnut and would be acceptah,e in any dining room, has a 6tt. sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved in bas relict ; Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle bag-, the couch ant easy chairs are large and comfortably tux i,rion s ; good heavy Dining Table, Overmantel, and Coal Cabinet. complete; the lot for which the ridiculously low price of £32 10,. will secure a great bargain. The Bedrooms, four in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The best bedroom Suite is one of the handsomest in Manchester, made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in remarkably handsome satinwood; cost £2SC. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the lot. 1 tie suite consists of the ward- r, be Bth., dressing table 51t., washstand bit., Pedestal Cup- bn,kr,l, chairs wild rail ; Our Drift tor quick sale £65. Magni- ficent solid bra'. Persian Bedstead, sft, wide, with sprlnz , matt,' esti, thick hair mattress; Silk Plush and Cretonne Dra- pery ; the lot for £2O, worth £6O. The Second Bedrdore sontains an extraorainary Pollard Oak Bedroom Suite, by Shepperton. full suite as the 1,04 riio,o; wardrobe 6ft , and is honestly worth £75 ; our to ice £35. The bras Persian bedstead, 'similar to tne best room and completely fitted, will be sold for £l2 10s. The Third Be ;room contains a splendid American Walnut Bedroom Butte for 20 guineas exquisitely carved, full of tastily, and is a grand bargain, BrAss bedstesd complete as described above in the best room for £9 9s. The Fourth Bedroom contains a Suite in American Ash, a full. complete suite for 10 guineas ; also a hr as Persian bed- stead complete for i£6 The furniture ss ct.scribed above is on view, and will be packed and detivcre.t tree, stored until required, and a wri,ten warranty with everything for 10 years.

(YFI II FURNITURR BARGAINS. American Roll-top Decks in great variety,from £6lOB. Flat-top Office Desks, from 30s. ; Pedestal, Registered. and Cel.nder Desks. from C3lOB. All to be cleared during the Mach Sale; wonderful barc,nins. Atlci 10 per cent. to everythingif on deferred 1 syments.

Stork% tasZtneuts, earrtages, Z:Zr rPWO LANDAUS, by Lawton, light and in pen cot order, for sale, cheap.—livaers, 141 Prescot-road. Liverpool.

WAGONETTB with movable head, winter aid comma carriage, light and stylish, equal to new, lamps, brakr and everything complete.—EvaNs. 141 Presoot-road, Llvere pool.

Q Good Cushion Safety BICYCLE, new 11. tyres ball dSfJ bearings - also splendid 1895 det*chable pneumatic, diamond frame, ball bearings, nearly new machine ; must sell, £6ss.—lg. MARSTON. Eastham, Cheshire.

po BE SOLD cheap, 2 WAGGONETTES, almost new. with 1 loose tops, to carry 22 and 8 persons ; also 4 complete sets of silver-plated Four-in-hand HARNESS ; no reasonable offer refused,—Apply JAMES CALVERT, Job Master.Burnlev.

BELSIZE Tricycle to be sold cheap; well stayed to carry 16 et. weight; in excellent condition; ball bearings throughout, including pedals; 301 n. wheels; lamp, cyclo- meter Sc.-31 LITTLEDALE-ROad. SeaCOMbe.

CYCLES.— Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered. prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; Cushions, from 355.; and pneumatics. from £4 10s. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices ; all kinds of machines exchanged.—PARTINGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deansgate, Manchester, and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpool.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVBRPOOL High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Betimatea for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victoria., Wagonette.. and Phletons. now for Sale or Hire.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! GREAT CLEARANCE A small line of leading Coventry makes. tited with all the latest patterns. PNEUMATIC TYRES at Buyers' own prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret it for the rest of your thys. SLADE, THE PIONEER, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W• P. & W. SK ELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, RORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they a, e light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for " West's " ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 281bs. weight, price £ll 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 les. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from Is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d. each. „ num GUARDS from is. 2d. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each, „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 41d. each. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. W. P. & W-• SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

liflarinntrp, &r., on palt. QTEAM LAUNCH for Sale, 27ft. by 7ft.; vertical steel kJ boiler (120), new compound condensing engines, good vacuum, cabin forward, two masts and ssils. Price £75.-12, FRIAIWATE, Preston.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. LIMITED (late Ortnerod Griersort, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TEN T OFF lON MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha-4 more tnan 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactiares. "Self-he,p to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. RELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT AsBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' RINGS. SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be o'.tainecl Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the Northern Counties : V. 21. PUTZ, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, DeanSgEtte, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CUR PHEY, AND CO.. 2. STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses " Asbestos," Manchester ; and " Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED HT UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AN D CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURR ASBESTOS GOOD, LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &C. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CE ENTED ONLY. BONA YID& MANUFACTURICRS. 42. Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester, London, Cardiff. Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRIt+TOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars on application.

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind, or Sickness, DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affection Back Ache, Side Ache, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica :hi act the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grateful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. BEST AND CHEAPEST CHEST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for 9/d by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE. AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES —Mr J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria-road. EARLE STOWN—M r. A. Peaks, Chemist. WARttINGTON—Dir, J. R. Young, Ohemiat. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. Lt, Wallbridge, Chemist, 52, Liverpool Road. ORTHWICH—Mr. A. E. Lewty, Chemist.

X STOP 3NE MOMENT. "Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY. TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT. BALSAM OF HONEY. The moat marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant relief and does not contain Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia. ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH. All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation, ani are especially e•rposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. It cures for One Shilling when Pound r have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT 1 If you have a Cough, try it ; if you have a Cold, try it ;if you have Bronchitis, try It. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth ar t comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lost nights of rest, READ ON, NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. When you are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bunged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date: it triOk les into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD. When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Deily. Thousands of Testimoni ,Is to hand from all parts of the World. READ OF FURTHER, SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. • Sin.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey his proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as •a cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, end his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the 13 ilsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam-is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Turin March 16th, 1892. READ ON STILL FURTHER. A Cardiff Chemist says have larger sales for Tudo William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Curs That's the opinion of all chemists. PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July, 1892. DEAR SIR,—I must write to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My bav David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, eouldn's sleep at nigltt for it, ani neither could anyone else in the house skep because of his barking. A few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure. DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable. Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World in is. 10, 2s 9d, I o 4 45 6d bottles. Sample butt lea sent post paid for is 3d 3s, and Be, from the Inventor. D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L., MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE. WALES • 1 •

LORD BROS.' SUMMER SALE. MARVELLOUS VALUE! ASTOUNDING BARGAINS. ! MANTLEs, CAPES, JACKETS, MACKINTOSH $, DIVLSS GOODS, UMBRELLAS, &c., &c. SE li TRH PRICES, STYLE, AND QUALITY. LOR b BROS., 128, It RI DG STREET, WARRINGTON.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO.. SPINNERS AND Mi. NUFACTURHAtS, TILE WORSTED MILLS, GREBNOCK. Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORS6 AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, , WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY. sn4r SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scoaau and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED Foj4. Over 70 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and Ent

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, , b„uffer Prepared without Mercury. are invaluable to el. viz( wfttP. from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, DIRITABILITY• 1 a iNDIGESTI°I: of 089 APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS. . D. SCOTT'S PILLS, RS a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE Oa" .-atoIIDICh. being mild in their operation and grateful to the _,...etiolls• 7ifer 0 They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different! causing the necessary organs of the Stomsch MI" orootig resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, Pr digestion and strengthening the whole system• .1)R. SCOTT'S PILLSIA. !tor! tshould be kept at hand by all heads oon any slight occasion of ailing of houeeh°—"rse unde" on the part their charge as by paying attention to the regular a5„e,,, is gore i"" / the Stomach, Liver and avoided or mitigated. rwitliie: , The Genuine are wrapped in a square gr,err 03, beY ' bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBD"'":O . ..... moor Place, London. W. B 0 post for 140 34 stern..!------e; ----Thu 01'00 NOTICE—TD--CONTRIBUTORs AND—Ca" of tb lon to DENTS, avews All letters to the Editor and contributions is should be written on one side of the paper The name and address of correspondents mu but AS $ cases be given, not necessarily for publication guarantee of good faith. *** We do not hold ourselves respons'..bich at.' onlY•st all opinions expressed in letters to the Editor. "writers. understood to embody only the views of the ------

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. Ife l'oa? Orricis Ifigh-et.. Newton ft,'"•IISO.BTER Mr. James Jordan. Atte -no! j Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Tbie 'e• I Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m , p.trigr.aaltlOlßee Is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. b tley o on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. rci (set er and Sayings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. t 7.15 c'n'• —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 N-rta I;sas., and 8 p.m. commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

Extra MAILS. id. Stamp. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, „Golhorne,.Lowton, & Winwick. 411 places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn. Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool. Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail 10-35 a'al Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales. Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Prestou,St.Helens. Southport. and South Wales ... 2-20 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 3-10 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... 8-10 SUNDAY DESPATCHES. An Parts—General Night Mail.

WILL NOT ,sor, STEPHENSON's FINGER ~;,.,4.46_ MARK. # FUFiIiTUFIE y,,,. -:,.....: ~.,n,:: CiIEAM. .., ....;\ .. . ~ . :,.......::..-E, •' '; ~,( - ' ,-. _."411,64-41%,! , -;',...11..›'... --- -- — ---- ---4-----' Sold by Chemists, Grocers and Ironmonger. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSOk BROS.. BRADFORD.

Stearn Engines, Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Writs for guotatioss, stating. details of requirements, ILB.HINDLEI4I,,Queen Victoria St. , LONDON, EC. or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

rro WEAK MEN suffering from the effects ot _IL Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weakness. Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, Diseases, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the cas I Can be obtained direct.

FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. '.. , Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINI PILLS are safe and pleasant cure sent free from P.O . feoxrce2.s..l v6e. A marvellous means , . . observation on receipt ..... ~. ~ f reducingf fat and 3 improving the complexion. "—E, CAMERON, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street Loudon.

EIVTLFT COLD MEDAL 7, v 111111 MM3131 KNITTER ~. ~......., . -....... vw,Stookingaribbederpllin II I V GLOVES and CLOTHING In , - WOOL, SILK, or COTTON. INSTRUC. I . , . T lON S FREE. Lt.te free per post. , TRIUMPHANT A WARD at PARIS. The only WINNLR In the WORLD 0 7 GOLD MEDALS and Nother Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Works: 44 Upper Brook St., Manebeeter.

A SOLDIER'S HEROISM. In the Reminiscences of Gen. Sir Evelyn Wood, him- self a brave English soldier, a touching instance of courage and self-sacrifice is given. One June day in 1855 a detachment of English marines were the crossing the Woronzow road under fire from the Russian batteries. All of the men reached shelter in the trenches except a seaman, John Blewitt. As he was running a terrific roar was beard. His mates knew the voice of a huge cannon the terror of the army, and yelled," Look out ! It is Whistling Dick !" But at the moment Blewitt was struck by the enormous mass of iron on the knees, and was thrown to the ground. He called to his especia chum, "Oh, Welch ! save me !'"The fuse was hissing, but Stephen Welch ran out of the trenches, and seizing the great shell, tried to roll it off his comrade. It ex- ploded with such terrific force that not an atom of the bodies of Blewitt or Welch was found. GREAT MASSACRES. The following which has been taken from Ilaydns' "Dictionary of Dates," are among the most remarkable massacres since the time of Christ At the destruction of Jerusalem in the year 70, 1,100,000 Jews are said to have been put to the sword. Cassius, a Roman General under the Emperor Marcus Aurelius, put to death in the year 165, 300,009 of the in- habitants of Seleucia. At Alexandria in 215, many thonsanda of citizens were massacred by order of Antoninus. The Emperor Probus is said to have put to death 400,000 of the barbarian invaders of Gaul in 277. At Thessalonica in 390, 7,000 persons invited into the circus were put to the sword, by the order of Theo- dosius. A massacre of the Danes took place in the southern counties of Eogland, in the night of Nov. 13, 1002, by order of Ethelred 11. At London it was most bloody,the church being no sanctury. In the massacre af the Albigenses and Waldenses in 1208, commenced at Toulouse, thousands perished by the sword and gibbet. , tt Sicilian Vespers" is the term given to the massacre of the French which commenced on March 30, 1282, at Palermo. The conspirators assembled on Easter Mon- day, and while the French (who had conquered Sicily in 1266) were engaged in festivities, a Sicilian bride passed by with her train. One Drochet, a Frenchman, used her rudely, under pretence of searching for arms. A young Sicilian stabbed him with his own sword ; and a tumult ensued instantly. The populace ran through the city, crying out" Let the French die," and, without distinction of rank, age, or sex, slaughtered all of that nation they could find to the number of about 8,000. Even the churches proved no sanctuary. The massacre of St. Bartholomew commenced at Paris on the night of the festival, August 24, 1572. According to Sully, 78,000 Hugenots, or French Protestants, in- cluding women and children,w ere murdered throughout , the kingdom by secret orders from Charles IX. at the in- , stigation of his mother, the queen dowager, Catherine de Medici,. In 1592, 65,000 Christians in Croatia were slain by the Turks. In O'Neill's rebellion in Ireland a massacre of the Pro- ' teetants broke out in October 23,1641. Before the rebel- • lion was entirely suppressed the number slain was, according to Sir W. Temple, 154,000. In the massacre of Glencoe about 60 men of the clan Macdonald were slain for not surrendering before Janu- ary 1, 1692. Sir John Dalrymple, afterwards Earl of Stair, their enemy, obtained a decree, "to extirpate that set of thieves," which the king is said to have signed withom perusing. Every man under 70 was slain. This mandate was treacherously executed by 120 soldiers of a Campbell regiment, hospitably received by the High- landers, February 13, 1692. Many women and children, turned out naked in a freezing night, perished. At Batavia 12,000 Chinese were massacred by the natives, October, 1740, under the pretext of an intended Insurrection. After a long siege by the Russians, who lost 20,000 men before the place, the town of Ismail was taken by storm, December 22, 1790; when Suwarrow, the most merciless warrior of modern times, put the brave Turk- ish garrison (30.000 men) to the sword,and delivered oir the town to pillage, and ordered the massacre of 6,000 women. In the French Revolution a dreadful massacre took place in Paris, September 2-5, 1792. Tire prisons were broken open, and the prisoners butchered, among them an ex-bishop, and nearly 100 non-juring priests. Some accounts state the number of persons slain at 1,200, others at 4,000. In 1798, the insurgent Irish burnt, shot, or pierced to death by pikes, 184 men, women, and children, chiefly Protestants, at the barn of Scullabogue, Ireland. On March 1, 1811, the Mameluses were decoyed into the power of the Turkish Pach,s, Mehemet Ali, and slain at Cairo. On April 11, 1822, a dreadful massacre took place in the island of Chios (now Scio). When it was taken by the Turks during the Greek Insurrection they slew 40,000 of its inhabitants. On June 18, 1845, above 500 Kabyles, at war with the French, were suffocated in a cave, a fire having been ' kindled by order of General Pelissier, afterwards Duke of Malakoff. An insurrection, promoted by foreign agitators, broke out in Bulgaria in May,`lB76. It was quickly suppressed villages were bunnt by the Bashi- Bbyaztorookosp,s' S onie and ether 65 Turkish troops, and about 15,000 persons were killed. A CURIOUS COMPUTATION. -- President Andrews, of Brown University, contributed an article to the t. North American Review," entitled "Are There Too Many of Us ? " in which he made the following calculati.n :—The entire globe measures about 600,000,000,000,000 square yards, or, allowing a yard as standing room for four persons, there is a place for 2.400,000,000,000,000. Now the population of England and Wales, which may be regarded as about normal for civilised lands, doubled between 1801 and 1851. At this rate the population would in 100 years multiply itself by 4; in 200 by 18; in 1,000 tiv 1,000,000; and in 3 000 sears by 1.000,000,000,000,000,000. SJ that, even if we begin with a single pair, toe increase would in 3,000 years have become two qointulem human beings ; viz., to every square yard 3,333* persons instead of 4. Or the earth sveuiil be covered wok) men in columns of 833* each, stanciiug on each other's heads. If they averageu five feet tall, each column world be 4,1661 teet high."

• NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS bare a , reputation of neatly too YEARS • vs being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Remedy for '4\ ";•;•.%1"... INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, '44W SICK BILIOUSNESS, . HEADACHE, and LIVER COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. 1111111 T P „ .401"-• • e, • ttt. Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Bold in Bottles at MAW., Ss. M., end 111. each, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask for "No, ton's Camomile Pi 11.... end do not be persuaded to purchase an Imitation. , Prepared by Nonrox's LTD., 21 Spltal Square, London, B.

SMOKER'S COMPANION I•ie ^11,4 • 1 illl ' iar, ' • N 4.101 A Combined SELF -INKIN( POCKET STAMP, MATCH BO) and CIGAR CUTTER (best nicks ,1.1., , • ~ , •'.'.. 1... • ..W. ' silyer. I i 41' .r.•-- i---=-; A USEFI.4L Novelty. , _.. Enormous Sale. Prices Including Box, Ink a .. Brush, one line Stamp, 2s. 3d. ; two lines 25• 9d. ; three lines 3s. ad. Post Ftee. A. J. BYROM. 8, CHURCH-STREET, COLBORNE. A FEW oMART AGENTS WANTED.

FOUND DEAD. PolbSeoeNn killedF Ot liblyLLluNtiGn,HAsTASN.FcTihossanAlShge Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he 13,st Paison known, as they find a lot ot rata dead by using it. Post Free, Is. 2d., 24. 31 box of SANFORD &C SONS, Sandy 13-cls. Send statilpa ku,d try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles ou laud.

()NE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (Internal and external), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 25. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen),332, Deanna , Manchester. Advice free,

t , L. , . ' N'S 'BOTTLES lilt 2/9 k 41-1. . . inzinat , es pain \ JARS 11frk 22/- / MBROCATION 0 q11.(f.. ; . c: ( 1 i ~:(•,„- ,ett.' 7fif ' . "Prepared ogY,Z), ..„ 4 ELLlNAirlions kiiireo ht.N • A \\.• ~,,, • _, ,. '4 • 't 510,..a_54 ofc' ..,_ _/- ' ~,,..----0•• t ' , : It II / • '-'• to/ • 4110/ 4 fitt, . •:..::::\A / ti. -1 '''' . \ li*:,4 •••i ,it ( ' - ." 4 •. VS ikry±.....Ai • ~ (...... \.. ::::.... --, :i ' ""''.l ' I '- -_4.4. ..(---L••••,,,,.\ \.- --'

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. • ..1. . ~. • . • e., , al I • . .• t. ~ ,„.4.., ;- . - WASHES EVERYTHING.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)-(EST, a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as • COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. coc KLit E 3 s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. p Li Ls, For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

, ;4 4` PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISMITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen, IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH IRISH LINEN NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pine flax, 4p. per yd. Real • Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. • SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, riCATiLNI FivREAAINR-.D IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Wear. IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. IRELAND G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE,

LADIES' BEST FRIEND - LADIES Marriy lor SinglY Ladies should vend at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free. KANDY sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor- mation of never-failing remedies for all Irregularities and Obstructions. asp- -1 LLInTRA.T ED nate or long-standing. The only effeAual remedy that does not contain poisonous , or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt thr- GU ID E. I most delicate. MADAME A.E. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

AT NOMINAL COST. The LONDON AND LIVERPOOL PIANO- FORTE COMPANY, 3. and 32, Granby Street, LIVERPOOL, will send to any respectable house- holder in any part of the Kingdom, on payment of 10/6 per month, a HIGH-CLASS PIANO, with iron frame and all recent improvements, and will deltvet same on payment of non. 6d. Twelve months' trial is allowed, and if necessary to exchange, all expenses are paid by the Company. The prices are from 20 guineas. As no other firm offers such liberal terms, intending buyers are invited to write for further particular,: and testimonials, to THE LONDON & LIVERPOOL PIANOFORTE CO., 30 and 32, Granby Street, LIVERPOOL. Mesnager—Hanmv R. Jonas. Mention this isafier.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is. lid. and 2s. 91, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for cadomel. Are suited for either sea, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the skin 01 humours, purity the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. aftei excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or bier curia's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S OMAR 4A.TE DC 0 RN. BUNION, AND CIIMBLAIN, PLASTEdi, is. lad, per box, by post tor 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITIEd NVALUABLE PILR POWDER, AND PISCTORAL FRUIT COlrti IL LOZ aNUES, SAMI4 PRICE,. by all Ptent Medicine Vendors

ESTABLI3HED 1851 BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane. r-ostaoa, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST iutoweu DEPOSITs, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTb, on ninimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lO,. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smallsurn de posi t,and allows Interest monthly on each completed £ BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW To PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAM) FOR FIVE PHILLINGS PER MONTH. l'he BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT. Manlier

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a menaLtr of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, whi,h during en extensive practice, both at home and In the Colonies, he has never known to tall in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remedies, Itc.. which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpool

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Init. Inquiries and Reference to tile's NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F.M.B: Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad., is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, hlailsions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. &c.. HURDLES NETTING •ND AND TREE GUARDS.IWIRE WORK, COMT°I9CIOTT.TCYT-T BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints AIONDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

T S RAZOR is made from the best S STEEL and ground by Sheffleid workmen. It Is warranted and if not approved when trie will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Donn,onger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or post tree from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/, and 2 6 0. and Cheques, SLATER Bum.. 6heffield.

444_ ' ga,

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Paine In the back. Grsaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes fla. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hronghout the World ; or sent to any stUress for sixty stern) s y the Makers. The LINCOLN AND MinLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. Lincoln. Wholesale Accuse; BAR mar' .2k Sorts Lond,n. and all the Wholesale Houses.

RULES. FOIL STARCHING. A most valuable little book for those who do itarehing at borne. Poet free for two stamps. ,HANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, BC,

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULCERS. 0 IL lAD LEGS, SPRAINS. BRONCHITIS, SORE VILMA I', (CROYDO's, England.) NEURALGIA, 2te. BorriEs, 8/d., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J. SE. WESTON. CHEMIST. RUNCORN,

r 11 • Y •HA • . &c. Fo, Home, Coloaial, and other MAI ICCIS.—CAL a HARNUS, consoles. set,S3 61. 66.; GIG HARNXSS, full size, i 3 35.; Cols she, £3 s6s. Pony slse, Sal IC/S.; Dosescry HiMMUS, Ai top. Muni Carr HAM" Li i 3s. 6d ; DtalitiSkilf RIIMMO SADDLSS, complete, II ss. All *Woe appro Illustrated price Meta pepsin.. so applleade• us J* DIP. Nathigas6S,

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove at obstructions. mut rel,ere the distressing symptom, so preva ent wall the sex. 13 ,xes Is. lid. and Zs, 9. of all chemists sent anywhei e on receipt ot lb or 34 stamps by the maker, B T. ToWLE, Che ritt. Not tingh m. Beware I imitations.

- - - - FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. 1 131SINGSUN POLISH. 43 E A SLE .: T, Half O,Uh I: Time,K E T: with hH HalfE A P Et hS ~T , & BEST BLACKLVIa '..-TIA. WORLD Labour, you can produce More Polish with Two Penny Packets .o of Rising St than with Halt- ' z imp • Dozan of ordinary Blacklead. .. I Iftl ' Q f iki METAL 2 OM OUVI POLISH. GIVES TALL KINDS OF METALS • A 4 BEAUTIFUL SOF.TARILLIANTPOLISH. Sold in 3d., 6d. & It- Bottles. No Nixing, No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. r„There is no preparation of which we know to equal •-• its excellence. —EN.UIRF WIIIIIN —3d. per hoc ItAitrriVtil3 Le':' 1 Pitti:T.lo .4 ~.: 41. e.Atir "Vir.: r>l7SKßAE:oonor',al'F'sloi,tlir°n„n7lll'=fir°,. i 1 PRODUCES Befauti.hlWhite C.lozsy Linen. .....--............ - ~.- . ,--.-4,-..-%—., ,-„.., AA your 0 ,•0r..-_,r to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR a Co.. LONDON, E.C.

IIINIS FOR 110USF,W1VRS. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic h nts Po.t Ire one stamp, F. F. FRY, 5, SelleN [lie Road, Wanrf sworth Common, LONDON, S.W.
