===== 0002601_18950323_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ras Lb- )v/

===== 0002601_18950323_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
rloe. The g. ste' e Oa' vita BST_

===== 0002601_18950323_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
" LAST JUDGMENT."

R. H. PEARSON AND CO..

and in ited. Of

_____- z In Ar

hir tO , %1° tO LIOS'

•

oS cASP; r PI" ot°'

a 42i4"4

WORKINGMEN'A 31ISSION CHAPEL, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. RE-OPENING SERVICES. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARCH' 2llth. 1895, TWO SERMONS will be preaebeel by Mr. W. BOOTH, of Liverpool. Morning at 10.30; Evening at 6.30. 14 the Afternoon at 2.30, A SACRED CANTATA entitled "JESUS OF NAZARETH,"

Will be Rendered by the Choir. , At the close of each Rervice a Collection will be taken. !Wards defraying expenses of Renovation.

RITISII AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. WARRINGTON AUXILIARY. THE ANNUAL MEETING „ Of the above Society will be held in the 'Jo -OPERATIVE HALL, EANKEY-ST., APRIL Dm ,6 The Chair will be taken at 7.45 prompt, by HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR, ' The JAMES FAIRCLOUGH, BPQ. TllO -"lna Will be addressed by the Rev. T. DENTON MPSON and the Rev. J. E. SYMONS. both of South- 'd other Friends. The Choir aid Band of St. Anne's s•nurch, under the leadership of Mr. PERCY RANDALL, Will be in attendance. , COMMjrcs THIS DAY (SA ITHDAY). °1- MANUEL CHURCH, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. 6.. 4 MISSION for CHILDREN and YOUNG PEOPLE, Will (DX.) be Conductedby MR. S. J. HEWLETT, Of the Children's Special Service Mission, Sate Prom MARCH 83 to APRILI. 1895. Wq.k.rdaY, March 23rd and 30th. 8.0 p.m., Teschers and Air T• Sunday, March 24th mid 31st. 10.30 and 6.30., For at I,:un_daY, March 24th and 31st, 3.0 p.m., Children's monday to Friday, March 25th to 29th, 6.30 p.m.. Ltn, Crirla • Monday to Friday, March 25th to 29th, 8 0 Mkt:- "nitPeoplc. Monday, April Ist, 7.30 p m., Praise Monday, April Ist, 9.0 p.m., Workers Praise Thentr I the vices and Meetings are Open to All, the centre 3f theti 414,i-urch being reserved for Children and Young People, •d es for Adults.

IttNWEN • MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1894-95. MONDAY NEXT. MARCH 25th, 1895, GRAND CONCERT aisz THE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. Door open at '7 30, Concert at 8. Mendelssohn's " HEAR MY PRAYER." Grand Lenten Performance or Spohr's _ _

Artistes: -SS HETTY CREASY. MISS AMY BANKS. MR. R. DUNKERTON, Loy Vicar Lincoln Cathedral. MR. LIEN GROVE. _uPrineipal Bass, Foundling Hospital, London. Orchestra and Chorus of 120 Performers. , Conductor Mr. F. H. CROSSLEY. 4oeer ft—Centre Chairs (Reserved and Numbered) 35.; Seats (Numbered) 25.; Unreserved is. Plan and at Idr. Bellamy's, High-street, Runcorn.

40. BRIDGE-STREET. EARLE 3TOWN, TvPectfully to intimate that they have commenced PLat„the above Establishment, for the supplying of ORGANS. MUSIC, VIOLINS, FITTINGS, AUd• STRINGS, &0., t, °Y prompt attention to merit a share of public 'kilo' patronage. • Kud Organs on the One. Two and Three Years' System. lete Music Orders per Return of Post. Piano and 0 gan Tuners and Repairers employed. webestras and Musicians of any number supplied for Sin,l C°n4erts, Private Parties, Cinderellas, Ac. -6 6 Tunings or by Yearly Contract. Instruments Exchanged. Concert Plans and all Estimates free. J. H. PEPLOW, MANAGIR.

I) R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. Cn,z,,RE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. b„ „ItODYNE is admitted by the Profession to ovvered w'e Most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die- CIMOD DY N E is the best remedy known for CtßiZg„ll4,s. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. th 'DYNE effectually checks and arrests chen fatal diseases.—Diphtheria,lrever,Croup, ‘lit.olßm an" 7sirrYN E acts like a charm in Diarrhcea CliL6l„'s the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. of ic"C)DYNE effectually cuts short all attacks CuLoeepßy Hysteria. Palpitation. .and Spasms. ODYNt is the only palliative in Neural- eta. a4O Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis,

W e Prom Dr. B, J. IloutToN and Co.. Horncastle. ..practietteare Made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyione ri our tier _ 've and 4tel.Y. and look upon it as an excellent direct rri d, Antt-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain re cud iro. 4 reel!". Whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces torrunawtf of cotnfort and quietude not obtainable bv any other and it seems to possess this great advantage over all " li-e4411V" ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. that ,arl weli communicated to the College of Physicianna. Elk received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Ma d thßt 'tOt the ffeCt that Cholera had been ragieg fearfully, an.. r_e `ALY remedy of any service was CHLOROD YEE. emiltoe, f, Ist December, 1864. OF PIRACY AND IMITA- n TIONS. ..r.r,".— 011..18 T Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WonD stated that 13110 W w undoubtedly, the inventor of h):,,aa " l'rend atshat the story of the defendant blee44n Wall deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, 'bold ; "whtll lo —See times 13th July, 11364. -h bottles at Is. lid . 94., and 4.. 6d. Nom; Is Olitoleinwithout the words "flit. J. COLLIS BROWN ktmedi-DYNR- he (3 overtim ent Stamp. Overwhalm- -04, ‘c..al testimony accompanies each bottle. t'atell.Zl3lll/..kOTTEEIta.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great ootnsbury, London. 4Dttpt tasstnettrs,earriageO, zzt ;k 4 ii,"LIfY oycLns are up to date . well known as ,tii7,hrOugh reliable mounts, price with Dun'op mWeelo gear case £lO. Lists Free. WADE A GO.. Sth_ f the Hl.che3t Qu • lity 111 Lewe. t CYCLES are o at noes ; good Ageldt. ts wanted in every town and new lista now ready.— —`4lBl,4,lr6oroLnuot represented; Lesmingtosi and Coventry.

tChki --4efore purchasing call and Inspect my stock, oni 25 nest ever off -red. prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, 4110 s, 0"5h1005-, from 355.; and Pneumatics, from sp.°l4lWeiPelational bargains •, sole agent for the celebrated t d ,veles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength, Ruorshllitv • . popular prices ; all kinds of machines riacruserrosr, Ward's Buildings, 47. Dean's:ale. vrpoo,. '• End 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank,

Re,l'lrnrßEE I Pont Free to any Addrens 104 Rant. r."-] ES I SAFETIEs SAFETIES I Important ne The ..,ealers and others. Wholesale List containing 1000 vee te t4and) Manholes new and second hand, sent Post sc.elsZV address. 5 p'er cent. cheaper than other makers iltiPZllole.,l„,Whr pay more or fancy prices ? Single machine ',14,-7blete Md.. Write at once tor the largest and most imrgeprofit:' the cycle trade. Sterling ye tie and no We;toliW WARRILOW, Cycle Works, Regent ° R AND SI MMONS 8 ..,.00AOU BUILDERS, Vite Lgh ei.„,:c•ILATER-STICEET, LIVERPOOL. °vet from "RRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock ` only. • animates for Repairs given free. The best evepei " 44ntiette``°°(1 Second -Hand Bronginuns. Landau'. Victoria,. 4 Phaetons. now tor Sale or Hire. • FURq. FURS. FURS. UUtR(I,„ RAY HOUSE FURRIERS, Oxpoit 13-STRUBT, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. L_L- 'lltl3 h i • at,.." ng been 'nut fortunate In purchasing a Runav-:lent of skins considerably below the market ot tertakti RENOVATING and REMODEL- . y 1,44, -LADLE& SEALSKIN JACKETS ind,.•R e Perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our PUR4 °IW complete with the newest and most Fashion- A4Pes -.a..41:e: Ur ari°,,f t 3 corning winter Sealskin Jackets and ik-lined Uloaks, Bears, Sables, S-cunka. NOTE THE ADDRESS : 12a. OXFORD ST BEET ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

RMARRO W FAT PEAS. I" MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL. .• OAT Hu. KS. OATMEAL SEEDS. ANIERICA.N LINDSEED AND -C.‘O..irtIITICA.TED COTTON CAKES. X.;DYPTIAN UNDECORTICAT ED COTTON CAKE. ItlellAßBDAAll:llogEnD&Pdrili.l PIPIIIELY-LANR, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18950323_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
bY lent 000 r la-to

U ; 0 ' 0 3 0 3 00 0 1

;' 0 o • o I o o ' o 0 .11 o ° o o o 0 o ° o o

u ; 0 65 ;.; 40' 0 n

rDIOiI 40000 90,10, ret lh lon , oe°

===== 0002601_18950323_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ninninc flit AND SNIPS overnight, weekly le. 6d.; 1 grand resnita.—Send at once to S. JAMES, 15, West Hartlepool.

PFFICE,

FITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS. FAINTS. I Will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful ot all complaints, " EPILiPSY." which his been hitherto considered incurable. can be permanently cured (w.thout the chantso of f Write with t nil tc.pe and confidence to the '' Secretary." Burwoud klourS. Burwon, Place, Hyde Park, Loudon. He will send you, " GrAti,... lull Instructions for cure. and advice on diet.

FRISCH, SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL_AUTWORISED AGENTS

_ FOR THE WALTHAM WA iCH COMPANY.

FRISCH. SCHIHRWATHR, bind LLOYD, as Praatical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame or these Watches U THE BBS Ti MEKEKPItitS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers. thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitati n. Price unrivalled.

Silver Pagee, Chronometer BalAnce EI 15 0 Xeylegit, ditto 00id, fro= 4 4 0

29. CHUNCH-Sritli&T, LIVIIRPOOL.

Established 1885. Estimates given. CI Ws J . SHAW. R.P.C., AND 'NS, IL/MISTIMED SANITARY PLUMERRS, 89, D Al, LAM-LAN li, W ARRINGTON PAINTERS. (ILiZIRS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most a •proved priaelpies. BATHS

fittod with all lAtest imp-o-;em-e-ti-ts- from £lO lort4 upwards BREAKAGISS arising from lrot promptiy atttnded to.

A LL GRNTLEMEIN looking for good, sound advieeon the tit. coming Flat Racing Season enclose stamped address to W. PARS, Childrey,Lambeu n.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HOESEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SNIALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE. AGENTS. GOLFOLUBS, TRNNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS. BALM, LEG GUA,tOS. (novas. Lc, WIRE NE FENO SG WI RR. SASSIER I'TES. MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING. CA SMITS, RIMS LRATrIBR BAGS or ALL, DESORIP- TIONS.LADIKS DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVICL.LING IR UN KS. WS RBSPECTFULLY SOLICIT HMV/RIES. \ JUBILEE BUILDINGS. HORSENARKET ST.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iNtelo.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950323_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD celp, BROS., FOR c4s THE BEST, THE NEWEST, AND THE CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE,

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION. IS • EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMAMI, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system °Call impurities, which. by circulating in thebiood, hijurionsly affect the action Of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. som by all Chemist. in Boxes. is. 10. and 2e. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by LISORQB RADE 72, GOSWIILL-ROAD, LONDON, WO. EWE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

_ ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GIGANTIC SALE.

EICORNIOUS SACRIFICE.

--- THE WHOLE STOCK TO Bg ABSOLUTELY CLEARED IMMEDIATELY.

----- WEEKLY CHAT.—TIie marvellous and rapid development of Worsley's Great House Furnishing EmporiaM has been an eye-opener to the city of Manchester lite svreecing strides in adrancemont astonishing to its trailers. Undoubtedly the cash trade is the largest in the city, and the new deterred payment system introduce,j. threatens to undermine and obliterate the Iniquitous Hire System altogether, and to achieve for Worsley's the greatest success of modern times in the retail trade. Nearly 1,030 houses have been furnished on this principle, successfully and satisfactorily to both parties, In addition to the orslinary cam turnover, which is enormous. Mr. Wnrsley has deci ad to isonvert the whole of his vast Undertaking into a Limited Company. This will be effected on the let of April next. p-evious to which during the whale 01 March, the end's, stock re-marked at greatly reduced prices will be offered as a Cl•arance Sale. The greatest bargains ever offered to the British public may be secured at Horsley's during March ; anyone purchasing may have free storage, the goods N-ing bought subject to being delivered as required. The lowest cash price will be marked on each article, no abatement, allowed, and if bought on deferred payments, simply our 1161111 10 per cent, added to the invoice. No discount allowed for cash, not a penny. the goods being marked at almost cost price. There is a k 40,000 stack to dispose of, and we intend to waive any desire for ten' usual profit. Inspection invited. RE WORSLEY'S, LlMlTED.—Applicationa for ptospec- fuses may be made at one,. and will be sent according to priority of application, preference being given to -cus- tomers. It is expected that the shares will be at a consider- able premium. MPONTANT.—The whole of the goods advertised below are priced at the lowest possible figure, for prompt cash, if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent, must he - added, THE 0 REATRST BARGAINS IN TAR WORLD. COMPLETE MOUSEs OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid House of Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Diuing-roorn Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in bas relief; has comfortable couch and luxuriously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to match, extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs on patent castors; a handsome Persian bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender, fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Nottingham lace curtains; and last, which is thrown in gratis, and is ha addition La what any competitor ' could do, simply for an advertisement. a haneserne American walnut sidereard, in the Renaissance style. to match the dining-room suite. The Bedi omen Suite is solid Cyprus wood, and is a suite which can be highly recommended. guaranteed for 1) years, being 'Merged in some establish- ments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture; a handsome solid Dress and enamelled bedstead, with templete ettiegs of mattress and bedding • there are • the utual accessories for bedroom—careets, curtains, fender, chamberware. dm Also Kitchen Furniture, COollil3lthg ot the usual chairs, heavy white tap table. fender, Batman, and top bar. flooreloth for kitchen, landing, and hall. I will pack and deliver the let for 211 guineas, 10 per cent. extra If by deferred payments. Call and Inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition; if you approre.buy, If yea don't there is no harm done.—WORtiLFIT'S. SYNOPSIS OF BARGAINS.

liousEs or FURNITURE (SECOND-HAND). £lO, £2O, £3O, £4O. £5O, £75, and £10) Houses et• Furniture in stock have been considerably reduced, com- plete lists of which will be sent on application, post free. All guaranteed for Ave years. Add 10 per cent, to everything if required on deferred payments. DINING-ROOM FURNITURE BARGAINS.—Over 10) Dining-room Suites, 120 Sideboards, 80 Dining-tables. 200 Overmantel., to be cleared, enormously reduced. Let 87. —Special Bargain. Magnificent Second-hand American, Dining-room Suite, upholstered in Ottoman saddle-bags,. , £l9; worth £3O; a grand Sideboard, Early English, heavily carved in has relief, to match, £lO ; cost £35; massive- Dining-table, to match, £3 10s., and Overmantel for £4 4s. The lot for £27. Lot 96. Grand Brown Oak (solid) Dining-room Suite, In. morocco ; large heavy chairs, massive and carved bas relief. Splendid Sideboard to match, with Dining-table and Over- mantel ; the lot worth £l2O, for £5O, a great bargain. Money returned If not satisfactory. Lot 103. Handsome suite, same number of pieces as Lot. 96,1 n Spanish mahogany, covered In best mohair velvet; cost £2lO ; tor £42. Lot 107. An excellent Dining-room Suite, in leather, cost £3O, for £6 10s. Scores of Suites, from £4 10s. to £l5O. Inspection Invited. Lot 108. Special Bargain. A grand Solid Brown Oak Dining-room lillit* of the finest figured wood, handsomely carved in has relief The sideboard is a masterpiece, being made y the celebrated firm of Norris, of Bath, fit for anyone WilO can appreciate high-class cabinet work, being one mass of the loveliest pollard oak obtainable. Renaissance style, 6ft. long; must be face to have adequate ceueeption of Its beauty. The Dining-room Suite consists of the Sideboard mentioned, also two large easys, a fine handseme couch, and a set of either 6,8.10,0 r 12 standard padded back chairs and if desired, all upholstered 1 the finest and best English hard grain Morocco; a vet-, heavy carved leg Dining Table extends to 10 feet, with telescope Screw: a handsome Gold Cabinef and a fine massive Orermantel. handsomely carved all to mat, hs. The lot for £136 10E, the sideboard being worth the whole of the meney.—WOßSLErd. IF YOU WANT A BARGAIN VISIT WORSLEY'S. DO NOT GO ELSItIVIIRRE. DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE BARGAINS. Grand Disp!ay of Exquisite Drawing-room Furniture at giving away prices. Largest collection in the city. L0t270. Solid Chippendale Drawing.room Suite, with. settee, two easy chairs, and four occasional chairs IC anti, ' with a mess tmsatolfully deigned china and brie a brac cabinet of Louie XIV, style, also a very pretty overmanfel to match, with two occasional and wine tables, and coal cabinet; the tor woitk £l3O for £5O, with a magnificent solid brass fender, dogs and brasses, cost £lO, thrown in gratis. Lot 312. Magnificent !Meld Drawing-room Suite, In Silk Genoa velvet, worth £5O for 16 guineas ; Cabinct to match.. £lO.

-1-474 327. A Suite similar hi strie to lot 273, with same, number of pieces, exquisitely esrveAl, for £36 coat Lis.) ; a berrsin Over 100 Occasional Chairs, inlaid, etrved, Chippendale or Sheraton, frotn 1 a, 64. to £6 ; worth three times the money marked.

Lot 329. Magnificent Inlaid Chippendale Drawiag-roorn Suite. richly inlaid with ivory and expensive woods, contain- ing a really high-clas• Cabiaist, 6 feet cost £ILO for £35. A. richly upholstered Suite of siettee. two easy& and four occa- sional chairs, covered in silk Genes. velvet, for 18i guineas ; two Occasissnal Tables. ; and an Orarrnautel to match In every detail, £5 Se—WOItSLEY'S. Lot 330. Magnificent Cosy Corner; cost £75 for £25. Loi 331. Beautiful Centre Ottoman ; cost £57, for Ei" _

Lot 332. Ifandaorne Drawing-room Suite cimplete, walnut • 25. BRDROONI FURNITURE 1114.12 GAINS. Over 200 Complete Bedroom Suite+ on TieW. Lot 539. Onf• of the beat Second-hand Bedroom Suites in• the city, made of the finest and riehest Spanish raahogarly, having a Olt. breakfront wardrobe, with huge plate-glaas door. a 'pair of matnificent dressing-table and wash•tand to match. both excb:sed, with three chairs, towel-rail, and pedestal, The lot for £2B 10n. Wardrobe fi‘st £35 alone, Lot, 5, Handsome carved Das Relief Amer,can Walnut Bedroom Suite. £lB 18s. ; large wardr•ba with plate-glass centre door. Pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, three chairs, and ; Towe, Rail ; a great bargain • worth VI Lot 572. A Match Suiteto 'Lot 561, bat smaller. 9 gu'neas.. Lot, 575. A mo‘t Service thle Suite, similar to Lot 572, for 10s. Lo £l2.

Lot 578. SoILI SAtlnwood Bedroom Suite complete for t 6" Btriral

Lot 601. Pollard Oak Bedr•orn Suite. ; cost £350. Argain. Lot 602. Ash Bedroom Suite, by ooo4sll, cost £2OO, for £75.

let 803. Sycamore Bedroom Suite. by Ogden, en,l for £55. Lot 604. Pollard Oak Bedroom Suite, by Radcliffe, for • VS. robe

Let 640. Scren-foot Spanish Italinganv Dome Top Ward- Me A magncent piece. worth £6.), for £25. E01%641. Pair of Solid lelalvigany Enclosed Stands complete, 7.

Lot 642. Two large Painted Wardroom ene £5 the other 6.

Lot 643. A large Spani.h Mahogany Wardrobe, £6 las. GREAT BARGAINS IN SBCOND-MAND PIANOS AT' WORSLRY'S. Magnlffee,t Upright Grand Pianoforte, full com- pass, Iron frame. cheek action, brass pin plats almost new £l2 0 0 Second-hand Cottage Piano, by Skaidart, cost. £6O for 6 S 0. Powerful tone Metallic Piano, by Avill arid Smart 14 0 0 Orscan-like tone Piano, by Hopkinson, 7 octaves.- 12 0 0 Splendid ROSSWOOII Piano, by Balilogall. clst £5O for ... 8 0 0* Upright Cottage Piano by Metzler, 61 octaves 2 10 0 The best tone Piano in tanChp.t.r, by Cassell 2B 0 Pull Concert C3rt,d Cottage, by Ajello, walnut 25 0 0 Rich Powerful Tone Piano, by Fitasimmoos. new 18 10 0, Msgnificent Neumeyer Piano, almost new, £9loa , cost £7O Second-hand Bechstrin Piano, 7 est.. £55 ; a bargain Almost New Beard Piano, best quality, cost £B5 for Any of the above by deferraci payments for 10 peers" it. extra MAHrGANY S'IDRBOARD DRRSSBRI. . Over 50 in stock in all varieties; also in American walnut. rxik, ash, also stained woods and painted Magni- ficent eideboard Dress-r, mahogany or walnut, with 3 large bovel-plate mirrors ha the bsek, 2 shelves, cornice and pillars, brass Inn lles. £7 155.. worth £l2 10s. A splendid Mahogany Purrel-fronr Dresser with handsome carved back; £4 10,, !usual price £6los. Large Painted Dressers with 2-inch tope from 28n.. or Winch tops from 16s. 64.—WORSLRY'S, OFF,Cis FURNITURE BARGAINS. Ameri,,,,, R.!t Top I)u'.kr, in great variety, from £6 10s., Flat Top Office Desk, from 30s.' Pedestal. Regis- tered. and Cylinder Desks from £3 10s. All to be cleared,' during the March sale; wonderful bargains. Add IS per cent, to everything if on deferred payments. I`

Vir B. WORS LET, eole proprietor, The P- V V • therm. Gaythirn, Maucheiter, *lose to Central, Station. Egtablialled 1841. All City-road ears pass the door, ld. to or nut. Inspeettea turited.

••

BOTRIL FOR INFLUENZA.

BOVRIL

Which is eztraot of meat with all the NUTRITIVE constituents of meat subsequently added, and all superfluous and NON-NUTRITIVE comtituents carefully eliminated, is 50 TIMES MORE NOUEItiIIINn- THAN ANY MEAT EXTRACT or HOME-MADE BEEF TEA, conpequently for the thorough and Immediate nutrition of the s vst,m which is of ffrst importance for both avoiZing

INFLUENZI

Or throwing off its ill effects.

BOVRIL

Is abeolutely Unrivalled.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

SGBOOLMASTER : "What is the best conductor of iesand?" Small Boy: "Please, sir, a tom-cat, on the tiles." THE FORCE OF HABIT. —" Now, wifey, begin with your curtain lecture, else I shan't get to Sleep. EASIEST WAY TO MARK TABLE-LINEN. —Leave a baby and some black-current jam alone at the table for three minutes. THE OTHEL WAY. Chiribel "Do you think I would marry Smith if I wanted to spite Jones ?" Marie: "Certainly not. You'd marry Jones." MRS. YOIINGWED (anxiously) : "Do you think darling baby's lungs are sound, John?" Mr. Youngwed (sadly) : "Alas I yes; they're all sound!" . GREENLAND has no cats. How thankful the Greenlanders should be. Imagine cats in a country where the nights are six months long. AN AWKWARD MIST AKE. —Gent : "I must say, madam, that you carry your age remarkably well; you look almost as young as your daughter !" Lady : "Why, lam the daughter !" A CONTEMPORARY mentions a case beyond the ordinary oculist. It is that of a young lady who, instead of a pupil, has a college student in her ' eye. " MIGHT I ask who lives here ?" asked a polite ,gentleman of a stranger he met in front of a hand- .soo(o mansion. "Certainly, sir," as politely es- ponded the other. " Who is it, sir ? ' "I'm sure I. don't know," replied the stranger. PHILANTHROPIST : " Wha t's the matter, my man ? " Dejected Individual : "I am one of those whose employment has been taken from them by the fashion of woman's dress." " What is your business?" "Street-sweeper." JOHNSON: "When I do marry I intend to marry a sensible g•rl, if Pca.n find one. Tonison : "Now, there's Miss Sharpe ; she gave me rip.' Johnson : "Just the girl I want. Won't you introduce

me?" MAN is awfully clever in some things, but nobody has ever discovered one who could jam a hat-pin clean through his head and make it come out at the other side, as the women do. " Doc Ton, when do you think a man weighs most ? " asked a patient who was undergoing a course of dietary treatment. " When he steps on my corns," answered the doctor. A CHANNEL FOR LITERARY ASPIRANTS. —"I Shall find another channel for my article," wrote the author of a rejected contribution. "That's right," was the answer of the courteous country editor? "the British Channel would be an excel- lent place for it." FIRST LADY (to new-found friend) : "You are the most fortunate of women. I did not believe such a perfect angel of a man could exist. He handed you that money with as little hesitation as if he had been a lover, instead of the husband of years." Second Lady (quietly) : It's my money." JUST BY WAY OF A CHANGE. —Policeman (at sight, three sheets in the wind) : " Shay—hic---- mister, can you tell me—hic—winsh is my beat?" AN EMPTY VOID. —Physician : "Considering the weak state of your eyes, it will be as well if you gaze as much as possible into empty space." Patient: "All right, then, I'll keep looking into my purse !" MRS Hompemi, who has a terrible time every morning to get her young brood out of their beds, -says she cannot understand why children are called the rising generation. A FARMER invented a scarecrow recently which seems to have worked with wonderful effect. It •not only scared off every crow that saw it, but one crow was so frightened by the invention that he brought back the corn which he had stolen three days before. BLINKERS: "One never loses anything by keep- ing his engagements punctually." Winkers : "My experience is lie is apt to lose half an hour's time -*waiting for the other fellow." JACK HARDIN' (With unwonted enthusiasm): '" By Jove ! I see that sonic fellow is talking about introducing a bill into the House, making it a mis- demeanour to send annoying letters to anyone. Very clever idea that. I'll have my tailor locked ip for six months, by Jove!" SCHOOLMASTER : "Scientists tell us the moon is 'inhabited." George (from the bottom of the class) : "Then where do the people go when there is only a half moon?" LONDON MILKMAN : "Good gracious! what's that? Mary, bring my gun quick—a, wild beast is in the yard. Mary (who was once in the country) : "Why, sir, that's a cow." " Lor, you don't say so ! " CLARA : "Harry proposed to me last night, and I accepted him." Helen (triumphantly) : "Why, be proposed to me last week, and I refused him." Clara (coolly): "Yes, I know it. He told me he did it just for practice. He knew you didn't care for him."

..... "How long," says a contemporary, "can one live without air? It depends on the air. Most people could live a long time without some of the airs which have been popular during the last twelvemonth. A MAN from the provinces, who was paying a long visit to London, found his hair was leaving him at the top of his head, and took his barber to task about it. "You sold me two bottles of stuff to make the hair grow." "It is very strange it won't grow again," said the artist iti hair; "I can't understand it." "Look here," said the countryman, "I don't mind drinking another bottle, but this must be the last." THAT ALTERS TIIE CASE.—" Sir, the, ,; are several beggars at the door." "Kick thern out!" "But, sir, they are some of your electors. ' "Ah ! the dear fellows; show them in!" "MY dear," said her husband, gently rousing his wife—the lady was dangerously ill—" Mrs. , Hobson called a little while ago and le her love . and sympathy for you. She seems deeply affected." "John," said the sick lady, in a very wLak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed her eyes, "what did she have on?" "My dear young lady," said a gushing artist to her, "you are positively lovu;y ! Wouldn't you . like me to do you in oils?" "Sir," excls.iincil her father's pride, indignantly, "do you take me for a sardine ? ' ENFANT TERRIBLE.—Host (to visitor)'; ",Ah I what a pity you did not come a minute sooner; my wife has only just cleared away the coffee!" Little Moritz: "Yes, and she nearly broke a cup in her hurry!"

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

I BEAU TIFUL TEETH for Dll who use 430^011t.1,0 to,th- bruAtt a fcw arups _ _

-S-0-2-0 DONT' the pleasantest ;11!tutitriceim the

_ Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly whim teeth, rosy lips, edad tragr.lii% breach ensurod. Agk for SOZODONT.*4O.64

Sa.dow HenA whas pr omptiy : and cure LnenA an a a to stay awed. Clizraists, 3 Ad.

Small Pill. Small Dose. • f3ra...11 Price. •v ITTLE,lierty: liir, ,‘ 'l* WER I,A pi X ParclyVege- il I table. Care Torpl, Liver, Bile, Caul ,Ic.xion, nd Dr row

===== 0002601_18950323_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

There can be no doubt that the Conservative leaders have made a serious blunder from their own point of view in connection with the •` Union- ist "squabble over the Leamington election. It is certain that when Mr. Balfour wrote his letter in favour of the Liberal Unionist claims he had no idea of the intensity of the Conservative feeling in the matter in the locality. Mr. Chamberlain had had an interview with him at which, no doubt, he , had placed the Unionist case in the most favourable light possible, and Mr. Balfour was misled. It is I too late to recall the letter, and the only way in which it now appears possible to patch up the I quarrel is to induce the Liberal Unionist candidate quietly to leave the field. Meanwhile, the whole businessAis causing very great bitterness at head- quarters, and the Liberal Unionists are openly com- plaining that they have beer made the victims of sharp practice.

In spite of reports which have been circulated to the contrary, it may, I understand, be regarded as practically certain that the Local Veto Bill will be brought in before the Easter holidays come round. Probably,indeed, it will be the last important legis- lative business before the adjournment. The Bill is ready for introduction, and the Government have nothing to fear on this stage. The Conserva- tives threaten to divide the House on the first reading, but they will get no support either on the Liberal or the Irish benches, while several Liberal Unionists will certainly vote with the Government if a division is taken. The Chancellor of the Ex- chequer is known personally to attach great im- portance to getting the Bill before the House of Commons as early as possible.

The total output of coal from the mines of the United Kingdom last year was 188,277,525 tons, or 2,798,399 tons more than the highest output hither- to recorded. There are no less than 705,240 per- sons employed in and about these mines, 80 per cent, of whom are employed below ground. The death-rate from accidents amongst those employed underground last year was 1182 per 1.000, as nom pared with 1 709 in .1893.

Those who remember the enthusiasm displayed some three years ago at the meeting of the West- minster Palace Hotel for the promotion of the Man- ning Memorial Fund cannot fail to be surprised at the comparatively small amount which has been realised and the consequent failure of the excellent plans then formulated, more especially as it was understood that the colonies and Continental countries had promised co-operation. The sum of .£6,457 can scarcely he considered an adequate re- cognition of the great services rendered by the late Cardinal to the cause of Roman Catholicism not only in England but all ever the world. The intention of the promoters to found a refuge in the East of London for outcast youths without distinc- tion of race or creed has to be shelved, and the name of Manning is to be perpetuated merely in a new ward of Nazareth House and a few beds in an old-established East End Refuge. It must,bowever, be remembered that the Cardinal's episcopal "silver jubilee," which occurred about eighteen months belore his death, was made the occasion of a very handsome presentation. This in great part he invested to provide anditional income for his successors. But even so, the aggregate of the two sums falls considerably short of the amount sub- scribed to the Wiseman Memorial Fund.

By the side of the great boot and shoe lockout: and strike, the lockout of the London mantle- makeis is a small matter, but it will add a good many more thousands to the ranks of the unem- ployed in the metropolis. One of its leading fea- tures is that it will chiefly affect the poor Jewish workers of the East-end. What is still more im- portant about it,however, is the principle involved, which is, whether the present sweating system by which these Jewish workers are ground to the dust is to continue unchecked or to be curbed and would be too much to say suppressed. The bulk of the sweating is, as usual, done by giv- ing out work to be executed at heme, and here is a case where the passing of Alr.Asquith's Bill is much wanted. If that measure is not choked off in the House of Commons it will have an easy passage in the House of Lords, and then the employers who are now ordering a lockout will have to bow their heads to the inevitable, and regulate their work by I the higher standard of the public conscience as embodied in the Horns Secretary's•Litl.

The Conservative party in the House of Commons did not spend a happy afternoon on Wednesday in the debate on Mr. Healy's Municipal Franchise ( Ireland) Bill. It has shown how shallow are its oft-repeated protestations of a desire to see the same laws and privileges accorded to Ireland as to England. and it has maladroitly made the pro- visions of Mr. Luttrell's Justices Bill the opportu- nity for showing distrust of self-government and heaping insult on the authorities charged wit n the ' administration of local affairs. The Irish Bill is, as Mr. John Morley showed, a modest measure, that has for one and twenty years been flouted by a Legislature always prone to turn a deaf ear to Ire- land's request for even small concessions to justice and equality. There was so little reality in the op- position to its second reading that it looked like sheer " cussedness " on the part of Ulster Tories, such as Mr. Dunbar Barton and Mr. Macartney to rail against conferring the municipal franchise on all ratepayers ; and as the Bill was read a second time and referred to the Standing Committee with- ' out a division, they incurred the reproach of block- ing their country's reasonable desires quite gratuitously.

"Poppyland," on the Norfolk coast, has been sug- gosied as a remedy for insomnia, and I believe the offer has been made to place at Lord Itosebery's disposal a mansion at Overstrand, near Cromer. There is ground, therefore, for believing that a pro- longed rest may be necessary for his lordships' complete restoration to health. So far as the Prime Minister is personally concerned, he is absolutely hopeful of recovery within a few weeks. A friend who spent the afternoon with him on Wednesday tells me that his spirits have greatly improved within the last. few days, and that his general con- dition is more hopeful.

The controversy over the Speakership continues with unabated vigour. The situation does not show much change. It is, however, now possible to state definitely that Sir Matthew White Ridley will not be nominated by the Government,and that a selection will be made from the ranks of the Minis_ terial supporters. On all sides gossip con miles to centre itself on the two names—Sir, Frank Lockwood and Mr. Gully. In Libera' circles it is felt that either would suit the position admirably, but the difficult doty of selec- tion may well be left to the Cabinet to discharge. sir Frank Lockwood has against him an indisposi- tion to resign the Solicitor Generalship.

The scare that was raised on Wednesaay 'about Lord Rosebery's .healtil has been overdone. It seems to have arisen from Mr. Murray,his lordship's secretary, having translated into non-professional terms a bulletin which should have been written in medical phrase. Nobody is more surprised at the exaggerations current than Sir W. Broadbent. His expressed opinion was that Lord Rosebery had improved, but not sufficiently to warrant his returning to any but urgent work. Sir William Broadbent went so far as to say that his patient is still weak, and that it will be better for him to remain at the Durdans some time longer to gain strength before being moved to the seaside, where the strong air might prove too sudden a change. If Mr. Murray bad seven or eight journalists clam- ouring at the doors at Downing-nreet on Wednes- day to learn bow Lord Rosebery was, his alinement the previous night is alone to blame. There is. according to Sir William Broadbent, no ground for alum, but much seed of care.

- At the sale of armour and arms from the well- known collection of 31r. Edwin Brett, the most in- teresting lot offered by Messrs. thristie wss a broadsword of the Commonwealth period, which sold for £l2O 15s. This weapon, which is supposed o have belonged to Oliver Cromwell, bore on the blade the inscription, "For the Common Wealth of Ictigland." A three-quarter suit of bright stoel Irmour, engraved in bands, with terminal nude ligures. stags, and acanthus foliage, was disposed of for £240 15s. ; and another three-quarter suit of black and bright armour, probably of Italian make, fetched £283 10s. A cap-it-pie suit of bright trel armoor, the breastplate being unusually wide, sold for £ll5 10s. ,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NINXICAN CURE.

TrNOWN AS REV, JOSEPH HOLMES' NIEXI; ./(3. CAN Preseriptien, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who sKffer from the erro, s of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney. hlad.ler, gravl, profita se and kindred complaints, and has stood the tetf or 20 ears. Send is self-addressed stamped envelope too JO,EIII H(LMFB' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Blomsbury square, London, and get Lull particulars of this great Itemedy to cf charge.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. MARCH 23. 1895. LADIES' LETTER.

It is calculated that some ten million coloured photo- graphs of the Queen, the Prince and the Princess of Wales are produced annually, and find a ready sale all over the world, even in kinerica. There lives a man in London who makes his living by selling to those who are hard up, cr who want to float companies, the names and addresses of wealthy people. His charge is one pound a thousand. The Russian photographers have a strange way of punishing those who, having received their photos, do not pay their bills. They hang the pictures of the delinquents upside down at the entrance to their studios.

That Fatal Monotony in Homo Dishes ! "There are people who imagine that cookery is too practical and plebeian a pursuit to engage the attention of cultivated minds. It deals entirely with the body, they think, and not at all with the soul or spirit. When we are very young " (says Mrs. Flumphry in the March number of the "Windsor Magazine") "we think such thoughts as these. Experience teaches us the fallacy of such theories. Not even the most cultivated of women should despise the science of cookery, and I do not think it is putting it too strongly to say that, unless circu in- stances enable the house-mother to command the best skill in others, she cannot truly perform her duties to her children unless she herself knows intimately some- thing ot the practice of it. From infancy the little beings are helpless in her ht nds, and unless she under- stands the needs of the little hungry, healthy, growing bodies, she is liable to make mistakes which, later on, no one will more bitterly regret than she herself. Adults can usually take care of themselves, but even with them the house % ife should be on her guard against that fatal monotony of menu which robs food of much of its value. Many a man gets so heartily tired of baton for break- fast, for instance, that he eats it merely mechanically and without that pleasing of the palate which does so much to make it degestible. The world is full of flavours, but in most households but a very limited number are used. And when one thinks of the thousands of British homes where food is daily laid before the family in an ill-cooked, unpalatable form; one realises how the good gifts of a kindly Providence are mislaid or misused."

Ladies as Living Advertisements: Profits of " Dizin-

ter—ested " Recommendation.

"Look here! I know you are always on the look-out for particulars of strange and out-of-the-way callings and methods of making money. What do you think of this ? " It was in these words that the manager of an establishment devoted to the sale of fashionable dress fabrics recently called the writer's attention to an epistle which, written upon a little sheet of heliotrope- scented note-paper, ran as follows "DEAR SlR,—The writer, a lady of considerable business ability and moving in good society, would be glad to learn what commission your firm would allow on any accounts that might be opened upon her recommen- dation. She feels quite sure that on advantageous terms she could 'influence' a good many customers. In any event, she relies upon Messrs. So-and-so's good faith to keep this application .Secret." Some little while after the perusal of this interesting epistle, the writer of an article in "Cassell's Saturday Journal," whose curiosity had been greatly aroused by it, found an opportunity of personally interviewing the enterprising applicant, and gleaning some details as to her methods of doing business. "I have made quite a nice little income in this wa'y for some time past," she explained, quite candidly. 'My sister, you see, is in a large wholesale milliner's, where, however, when a subAantial retail customer is recommended to them, they do not disdain the opportunity for business; and she, having arranged a little commission for me on one or two sales made on my recommendation the idea occurred to me that the principle might be conveniently extended to other branches of trade. I soon had come to terms with several other people—a perfumer, bootmaker, jeweller, and corset-builder amongst the rest—until now there is hardly an article of personal adornment that can be referred to within my hearing of which lam nit able to cordially recom- mend a particular make, and, if my advice is taken, on which I do not reap a more or less valuable pecuniary reward. Of course, it wants to be very carefully done indeed. The slightest suspicion that my advice was ' interested,' and I should be boycotted—as the term is —at houses where at present I am a frequent and wel- come guest. One duty my profession—if so I may term it—eentails upon me, which, after all, is a very pleasant one, I must always be immaculately costumed,gloved, and shod ; and when, by some particularly ' takine, ' article of my attire I can attract the attention of some of my friends, half the battle is won. Only a week or so back, one Saturday afternoon up the river, a young lady whom I have known a short time exclaimed to me —• Oh ! what a darling little hat you have on again. Wherever do you get them ? They are always so exquisite !' Needless to say, as a great secret ' I whispered the name of the firm to her. • Thank you, dear, so much ! Should you mind if I had one like it ? No. I was sure you wouldn't. You are always so generous in saying where you get all your nice things.' When I got home that night I sent the firm a line that Miss B— would call upon them, and at the end of the month shall draw my little bit of commission on the substantial cheque they received from her for the goods they supplied.' .

===== 0002601_18950323_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DBAIIEST NELL'S,

We are all getting spring dresses and cloaks now, so of course you will want a few hints about what is likely to be worn. I must tell you, then, that I have come to the conclusion that capes are to be all the rage. Do you kr ow, I arn rather sorry for this, as I think from an artistic point of view nothing is equal to the jacket. Yes, Napes are to have things all their own way, and the appliqué upon cloth cut into holes so as to show a lining of a different colour, is seen a good deal, and combinations such as hlaok and white, blaok and heliotrope, and black and dark green look as well as any I have seen at present.

A very stylish coat may be made in satin faced arnaz)n cloth in the new R iyal blue tint, trimmed with black military braid. A very sinsru effect would be produced if the upper lapel or collar of the coat was of white cloth, finely braided with black. A blaok or dark rod satin blouse would be nice for wearing under the coat, or one of the new fancy silks in tiny shot checks of blue and red.

In bats there is still plenty of variety, and this is a fashionable one. It is of grey felt, matching the dress, and has two small clusters of black tips in front, with a spiky bow of rose-pink velvet, attached by a long narrow crystal slide. A knob of the velvet is placed at the back. To make the bow, out the velvet in the required shape for each spike, and a piece of fine muslin for lining; stitch these neatly up, turn the spike very carefully to the right side, and straighten lb out by thrusting a pointed penholder up it to the very top. If properly made, it will then stand upright without further trouble. Some very pretty hats are to be seen trimmed with ostrich feathers.

One of the prettiest bonnets one has seen is in sequin jet embroidery over gold tinsel, trimmed with fine white French lace, vim= rose-coloured roses, diamond oaboohons, and iridescent green wings. It may be worn with or without strings, but strings to this style of bonnet is more becoming.

Evening dresses remarkable just now for the sleeves being of a different colour to the bodice. This make some very nice effects. For instance, in the one I am going to describe to you, the skirt and sleeves of amethyst velvet are contrasted with a bebe bodice of primrose chiffon, this trimmed with a passementerie of shaded mauve and violet beads, and with braces of mink fur. The full, plain skirt consists of velveteen, or silk velvet may be employed. There is a gored front and a slightly gored back, and two v ide gores on either side. These gores require a whole width of the velveteen, and the wide slopes which are taken off are useful for trimming another gown. The skirt is lined throughout with jaconet, and the edge interlined with a five-inch strip of horse-hair. This latter adds greatly to the weight, and the new balayeuse, which is simply a ruche of ribbon or pinked silk, sets out the edge very nicely, particularly when full-flounced petticoats are worn as well. The back of the skirt is arranged in coarse gathers.

I am afraid the dress I am going to desoribe is somewhat beyond our means, but it is such a hand- some one I cannot help mentioning it. It is of silver-grey silk orepon made en Princesse, fasten- ing on the left side with paste buttons, and there is an Empire scarf of amber silk. A graceful apron of Tosca beads falls on the bodice. There are large rucked sleeves, draped and slashed with cream embroidered chiffon. These sleeves are somewhat elaborate, but they are extremely becom- ing. Yours lovingly,

MOXON'S NURSERY BOON

ecuslhd for TE:I.F.ONIG MIS. and FARAH in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. sa. and Is. per box. Post Free n and 11. Ptevit ',mention this paper.

A DEMONIC SAlNT.—Saint Vitus has rather the repute of demon than s tint, St. Vitus' dance being the sp,,cial scomge of childhood. It may not be generally known that St. Vitus' dance, and all nervous disorders of children and adults, are easily cured by a very simple plan. A little girl at Darsham, Suffolk, Annie Read, who was sixteen weeks in bed with St. Vitus' dance, her arms and limbs twieing and moving so that she used to roll out upon the floor, was cured in a fortnight (as the mother and Mr. T. Neville, Scripture reader, Darshatn, told a reporter) by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. The same medicine cures and prevents Influenza in children and adults, and cures rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, paralysis, lonm3t-ir ataxy, nervou s headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, and sallow com- plexion. Dr. Williams' Pink Pink are asr e.;ific for the female sex. In men they cure all cases from worry, overwork, or excesses. Sold by Dr. Williams' Medicine C ,Inpany, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, and by chemists, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes 13s. 9d., post fre.. Only genuine in pink wrapper wit full name, Dr. Williannf Pink PiUs for Pale People.

,(,:::',,,,...7.0/7,':A/14:5:7*.• •.‘ 41 v v if fal .. A .....-.--- "' , . 0, ..., f . ,•„.,•• , • , z ~,,,,,,,,,„ 4 , :I tt,‘,..„......,,...,1., • vi\

/ • i --- J . -?-1 k.... V .0.1.. ••• 1 "7 , . . -..7 • , ~ 5-• •_•:„; - _ "..., are

1Z - -•)- /\,\ Y.% : • ,wflii , • ///',,,,i1., , - ~,,:-..„%, /.., pri '.- II ' •JP.) -,,,),,.,f. ( .--;:-.--, '' -----*---, ----1. _ . i 1 , l, • 7 ~- 9/,,, ii y 1 /1,9•1 itl, ..1, ~ , i , , 11,i! , I, ,f -!, • iij;,117./i(,. ~) ,f'(l • -_-_,_•,-,_:, ifi. ~.,..

===== 0002601_18950323_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
%, •

===== 0002601_18950323_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

A darirq theft of £l,BOO in notes hss been nprpe- treed at the Union Bank of London, Prince's-st , while attention was momentarily distracted. - -

A youth of 20 named Chance was sentenced at the Birmingham Assizes on Monday to six months' hard laisour for shooting his wife, aged 19. 'The jury ad- mitted that there was great provocation. At the Liverpool Assiz.s on Monday the Lord Chief Justice sentenced Jane M'Dermott to twelve months, imprisonment for having saturated fur hustiand's clother with naraffig oil and then set fire them, to his serious injury. A sentence of five years' penal servitude was passed by the Lord Chief Justice at Liverpeni Assizes on Satur- day on the woman Spooner, who had on the previous day been convicted:of. the grossest ill-treatment of a girl of 13.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,Jll,r I

===== 0002601_18950323_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Of all Chemists from is. i34d. ufi lo 225. 6d. each. nn.

.g.,'”r@fqg!2.l!mltlgmew_!-e:nr""-raiii

===== 0002601_18950323_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR; 1

BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," " Floribel's Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER XI. MRS. DORCHESTER'S COMPANION. LIKE one fascinated, the lady stood motionless ia the doorway, gazing at the rare beauty of the ' flower-like, girlish face before her. In a moment she recovered herself and stepped forward. "I am Mrs. Dorchester," she said, in a voice that was thoroughly refined and musical—" what can I do for you ? " "I am Miss Brandon," said Doris, timidly. "I have called from the registry office in response to your application for a governess." "A governess I" repeated the lady. "There has been a mistake. I want a companion." "I should like that quite as much as being a governess," said Doris, eagerly, "if I could only please you." Mrs. Dorchester looked at her anxiously. 'Do you know," she said—and Doris was struck with the bitterness in her voice—" that you have a very beautiful face?" "No one ever told me so before," said Doris, honestly. "Yet even were that the case, that fact could give me no pleasure." "No pleasure !' repeated the lady; and again Doris was struck by the exceeding bitterness of her voice, "Ah, if I had a face like yours, I would give the world and everything else in it; and yet you—to whom God has been so good—you do not prize it." "No," said Doris. "Then you are not vain," replied Mrs. Dor- chester, looking pleased. "If you came to me, I should want you to dress exceedingly plain— severely, strictly plain. I should want all that beautiful golden hair brushed tightly back from your face, and done up in a small knot at the back of your head. You would not like that." "It would not matter to me, madame, if you were pleased with me," replied Doris; and again the lady looked gratified. She was glad to be assured that the lovely young stranger did not care about being attractive. "Your duties would be very light," she persued. "I would want you to sit with me and talk to me. Sing to me that I could close my eyes and forget for a brief while. lam very lonely. I would want you to cheer me." "I would do my best," replied Doris, wondering greatly what manner of woman this was, who, surrounded by every luxury that the heart could desire, appeared so sad and lonely in all this splendour. As if reading her thoughts., the lady went on: "I do not care much for society. I have a horror of being courted and flattered for my wealth. I might have been happier had I been poor like you. My money will not buy me that which I crave above everything else in this world. If I had a beautiful face I might win my heart's desire," she went on, wistfully, tears filling her eyes, and her .bosom heaving convulsively. "If I had been offered my choice of all the gifts that Heaven gives to men wad women, I should have chosen beauty." Doris looted up into the plain homely face of the unhappy lady in wonder. If Doris had but known the pitiful story of her life, she could have under- stood that bitter longing. "I want some one near me who is very sym- pathetic," she said, earnestly. "You please me better than any one else whom they have sent from the agency. You will not complain at the stipulation. lam sure we can agree as to terms." "Oh, yes, madame. lam sure of that," responded Doris. Suddenly a thought seemed to flit through Mrs. Dorchester's brain. Rising hurriedly, she crossed to the mantel and took from it a cabinet photograph, which was inclosed in a closed velvet case. "'lbis is my husband's portrait,' she said, open- ing the case and handing it to Doris. "Although he married me—a plain woman—he is a great beauty-worshipper," she said, eyeing Doris keenly as sae spoke. One glance at the pictured face, and Doris turned pale and red by turns, almost falling to the floor in a deep swoon. The pictured face, smiling up at her from the crimson velvet frame, was the dark, handsome, wicked face of the strangtr who had accosted her on the agency steps. - Before Doris could utter the cry of astonishment and dismay that rose to her lips, there was the sound of approaching footsteps, the door was thrown open, and handsome, dashing Lawrence Dorchester, the merchant prince, stood on the threshold. Yes, there was no mistake. Her per- secutor of that morning was the original of the portrait she still held clutched in her trembling hand. His wife, watching him intently, noted the start of surprise and heard the exclamation that he crushed back as his eyes fell upon Doris. "This young lady, Miss Brandon, bas applied for the position of companion to me, Lawrence," explained Mrs. Dorchester. A perfect rapture of delight shone in his black

eyes. "She is admirably suited for it, I am sure— most admirably. You cannot do better than engage this very charming young lady at once. She will be a capital acquisition to our household, which has been dull beyond all endurance." No more embarrassing situation could be imagined. Mrs. Dorchester drew herself up with a proud, stately air. She grew white to the lips. It pained her to the very heart's core to have the secret sorrow of her life thus rudely laid base before this young stranger. "Ingage this pretty girl, by all means, my dear," lie said, turning to his wife with a low bow. "I am glad to see you are overcoming your pre- judice. My wife has always had a constitutional horror of pretty faces, as I have a constitutional liking ' for them," he said, with a laugh, turning to Doris. "I leave you to make your own arrangements. I shall be pleased to Bee you installed in my house.* With a very elaborate bow to' both, he quitted the room, smiling to Doris as he closed the door. "My husband does not mean anything by his flowery manner of speech," said Mrs. Dorchester, forcing a painful smile to her white, trembling lips. And Doris saw the effort she made to control her- self. Then, after a pause, the unhappy lady looked up at her. • I am very sorry," she said, "very sorry; but you are too young. I-1 need some one older than you. I cannot engage you." Doris understood perfectly why the unhappy lady had changed her mind so suddenly. She was but an innocent child, yet she was rapidly learning many of life s hard lessons; " I Am sorry." said Doris, gently. - You would-not have been in peace here," sighed the lady. " I—l—was mad, 1 think, not to have thought of this before. I am sorry I have detained you. Good morning, child. I wish you well." Doris quitted the grand mansion that held so much splendid misery, feeling as though one of the gates of life had been closed behind her. She must try again and.again ; it was useless to give up. She knew very well that she must find work or—starve. • She wondered vaguely, why the manageress of the agency had sent her to the very house of the man against whom she had warned her. It had been a mistake. While speaking of him the manageress had unintentionally jotted down that address. There was but one remaining place to go to, and, wearily enough, Doris wended her way there. Again Doris was ushered into a sumptuous -drawing-room, and the little serviog-maid an • pounced to the mistress, Mrs. Vane, that a pretty young wome* had been sent irom the agency this I time. "I hope she will suit," sighed Mrs. Vane, descending to the drawing-room She was quite pleased with Doris. "1 will see what my daughter thinks about engaging you for her younger sister. I usually consult her in everything. Send Miss Isabel here," she said to the servant who responded to the touch of the bell. "Dear me I what can she want," said the petulant voice in the upper corridor, and a moment later a young lady, with her hair still in curl papers, and a rather soiled blue silk wrapper, entered -the room. ," My dear," said the mother, humbly, "this young girl has come to apply for the position bs governess to your little sister, Daisy. Do you think she would suit us?" Isabel Vane stared haughtily at the lovely, flower-like face, and after a few remarks, rose and . quitted the room, calling her mother to join her for a moment. "You will muse me for a few moments: said

Mrs. Vane, anxious to make up in kindness tor tier Jacghter's lack of courtesy. Doris bowed. She soon heard the daughter in a high dispute with the mother in an adjoining room. "I really believe you have taken leave of your senses to even think of bringing a girl like that into the house for Captain Alden to see and fall in love with." "She seems like such a nice, modest young per- son, Isabel," said the mother—" really the nicest who has applied yet. She could be kept well in the background when the captain is here. I could manage that, I am sure." "If she knew there was a handsome young man coming to the house whom your daughter wished to marry, rest assured the artful minx would contrive to put herself in his way. No, no, she must not, she shall not come. I won't have her, I say. You ought to have known she wouldn't suit the moment you looked at her. A pretty governess in the house to try to outwit me with my lover! I say it isn't to be thought of! lie's coming to call for me this forenoon to go riding in the park; get her out of the house before he comes," she cried, shrilly. Isabel Vane flounced upstairs, and her mother returned to Doris, never dreaming she had heard all. "I am sorry. You are a little too inexperienced, I fear," she said, kindly. "I am sorry, but I can- not engage you." Tears sprang to Doris's pretty blue eyes, and that quite distressed the gentle, tender-hearted lady. She arose quickly to depart. "Stay a moment, my good giil," said Mrs. Vane, laying a kindly hand on her arm. " Perhaps I can put you in the way of obtaining a good position. Now that I think of it, I remember Mrs. Thornton, the banker's wife, wants a companion. I will give you a note to her." The words had hardly left her lips ere Doris threw up her hands, and fell in a dead faint upon the floor.

CrumEn XIL IN THE SERVANTS' HALL. WHEN Doris opened her eyes, she found Mrs. Vane bending over her in the greatest consterna- tion. Out in the corridor Miss Isabel's voice could be heard, shrilly giving orders that the girl must be taken from the drawing-room down to the ser- vants' hall, without delay. "It will not be necessary," said Doris, strug- gling to her feet. "I am going now, madame." " Was it the closeness of the room that made you faint, my poor child? or—or did you faint from want of—of food, or anything of that kind? Pardon me, I could not send you away so, if it was," said Mrs. Vane, pitying the sweet, death- white face. Doris flushed. "It was only a sudden faintness that seized me, madame—a sharp pain at my heart," she answered, truthfully; but she did not add that it was the mention of her handsome, faithless young hus- band's mother's name that brought that terrible pain there. Frederick's mother wanted a companion. Dare she—the forsaken bride, the injured young wife— go to her? The very thought almost took her breath away, and bewildered her. Her head was in a whirl; her heart beat so loud and so fast, she was sure the lady must hear it. "I hope you will be successful, my child," said Mrs. Vane, bowing her out of the drawing-room. "Too pretty to suit," whispered the maid to Doris as she led the way to the front door. "If you went to Lamartine, and got him to paint a few wrinkles on your face, you would not rind it half so hard to get a pl ice." "Who is Larnartine ? " asked Doris, scarcely knowing herself why she asked the question. He is the man to whom every one in New York goes for disguises," laughed the maid. "He can change any one so completely that one can hardly recognise one's self. Why, a forger who had taken a great amount of money lately, stayed near the scene of the robbery for weeks. He was so cleverly disguised, his own brother did not know him. When the affair leaked out, it was found he had been to Laniar tine." Doris's every nerve thrilled as she listened. A sudden idea flashed through her brain, Why should she not go to Lamartine? If he could disguise her in perfect safety, she would dare to enter her husband's home. Different characters yield to different tempta- tions. The temptation to enter the home of Frederick's mother—look upon the face of the husband who had so ruthlessly deserted her, almost at the very altar,—was so sweet, so subtle, she could not resist it, for, Heaven help her, in spite of all, she loved her handsome young hus- band still. "Loved him with a bitter yearning that would never pass away; Loved him with a ceaseless passion that would never know decay." Yes, she would go to Lamartine. It must have been fate that caused the maid at Mrs. Vane's to utter those words to her. She found the place with but little difficulty. It was noon hour, and Monsieur's parlours were for the time deserted. Doris entered timidly, and a moment later the dapper little "artist," as he chose to call himself, appeared. "You wish to see me, madame ?" he said. "In what can I be of service to you ?" "1 want—a disguise," she answered, "so com- plete—so perfect—l could not be recognised by anyone who ever saw me before." "It will be difficult to find one like that," he said, looking at the lovely young face in intense surprise. 'A mystery, a romance; perhaps an elopement will be the outcome Of this affair," he thought. "I see a way to meet your wishes, madame," he said aloud, " but it will be a sad pity to change such a face—for any reason; still, if you desire it to be done, I shall comply, of course." "I want it done," said Doris. He gave her a hand basin containing a dark, clear liquid and a sponge, and bade her sponge her face lightly with the mixture; and thougn she had come there purposely for the disguise, now that she was on the point of acquiring it, her whole soul rose in rebellion against it. Monsieur Larnartine saw her hesitation, and fancied that she was anxious about her clear, white delicate skin. "You? need not fear it," he said; "the liquid is quite harmless. All trace of it will disappear if you use this," showing her a bottle of clear amber liquid. "Three drops of this, put into cold water will, at any time, remove the stain. Bathe your face well with the sponge." She obeyed him shrinkingly. Then, indicating another seat before a table covered with toilet articles and innumerable labelled bottles, he bade her unbind her lovely golten curls. For quite half an hour he busied himself over the long, shining tresses. Then he asked her to look in the glass. Doris looked, and at staring in wonder at the strange face the mirror reflected. Silo would never have recognised her own self. She saw a d -rk-brown face, decked arched eye- brows and lashes, a low lorhead half revealed, half concealed by a mass of dark, wavy hair. "If those blue eyes were but black you would be a perfect brunette, and the change in your appear- ance complete. Are you satisfied?" Doris bowed her head in assent. NI, lien she paid Monsieur Lamartine his charges, she found she had • not one cent left. "I hope whatever object this has to serve is an honourable one, and may therefore help your purpose," he said, bowing Doris out of the parlour. Out on the street Doris shrank from the gaze of passers-by. It almost seemed to her they must know she was not what she represented herself to , be. Though she had adopted this measure for looking again upon her husband's face, hearing his voice, remaining unrecognised herself, there was romethino so false and deceptive about it that her meet, candid nature rebelled against it; yet the one passionate, craving desire to enter the home 0 the husband who had deserted her led her on. By patient inquiry Doris found that the home of the Thorntons was in the suburbs of the metropolis. She was obliged to walk the distance. At length she reached the villa. Ah what a magnificent place it was !—on the brow of the hill that sloped gently to the glittering Hudson. Her heart gave a great bound. This was Frederick's home ! Timidly she entered the great arched gateway and walked up the long, paved walk to the house. Green, velvety, close-shaven lawns, brilliant with beds of rare flowers, dotted here and there, stretched out on either side. Marble statues gleamed amid the green foliage, and fountains rippled in the sunshine. Gorgeous peacocks strutted over the greensward, and song•lrirris swung \Ally to and fro in their gilded cages on the serandas of the grand grey stone house. "Ah me l" sobbed Doris. bitterly, "was thers:

ever snort a bitter fate as mine? I should be coining here to-day as Frederick's happy bride, instead of creeping up to these doors, apply- ing for the position of paid companion to hill haughty lady mother." Suddenly from around the corner of the building sprang a ferocious dog, and at his heels was a tall slip of a girl, in a fluttering white dress, her red, tangled hair flying in the breeze, her cheeks glow- ing, and her eyes bright with the excitement. Doris's heart beat fast. Intuitively, she knew this must be Frederick's youngest sister—" Trixy, the Romp," as he had designated her. Before she could take but that first fleeting glance, the dog had observed the stranger, and sprang toward her with a loud, savage growl. Doris recoiled in terror, uttering a piteous cry of dismay. "Down, Tiger, down," cried Trixy Thornton, seizing the dog by the collar as she gained his side quite out of breath. "For shame, frightening a stranger so." "He won't harm you," she said, turning to Doris. "He looks big and ferocious, but he's only an overgrown puppy. Who did you wish to see?" she asked, coming ciuser to Doris, and looking curiously into the sweet, sad, dark face. "Mrs. Thornton," replied Doris. "I have brought a letter from Mrs. Vane. I have come to apply for the pesitioit of companion to Mrs. Thorn- ton." "My gracious ! you'd make a much better companion for me," laughed Trixy, shaking back her inane of tangled red curls, and whistling for the dog to follow. "Come this way, please. You shall see mamma at once.. I hope she will engage you." Doris's heart warmed to the impulsive girl at once. She could have knelt down beside her, and kissed her pretty, white hands. Trixy led Doris directly to her mother's boudoir. "Mamma," she said, "here is a young lady who brings you a letter from Mrs. Vane." Mrs. Thornton glanced up languidly from her book, and motioning Doris to a seat, carefully perused the letter. "Mrs. Vane has omitted mentioning your name: May I inquire what it is ? " she asked at

- length. "Doris Carlisle," replied Doris, faintly, and she shuddered, recalling the old trite' and true lines: _ _ .

Oh, what a tangled web we weave When first we practice to deceive." No one ever yet practised a deception hut what she found herself entangled in many more to escape the consequences of the first. It was so with poor Doris. "You are quite young, Miss Carlisle," replied Mrs. Thornton, turning a pair of dark eyes on her, that reminded her so much (.f Frederick's. " Still, you could have no better reaommendation than letter from Mrs. Vane. Dear me, Miss Carlisle, what are you gazing at so intently?" It was a portrait in crayon of Frederick Thorn- ton. Doris was gazing at the pictured, smiling face with her heart in her eyes. Mrs. Thornton's remark, and the haughty wonder in her voice, recalled Doris's scattered senses. " The portrait is—is--so like your face, madame," stammered Doris, confusedly. "It is the portrait of my son," replied Mrs. Thornton, the frown clearing from her face once more. She was always pleased when any one spoke of a resemblance between her handsome son and herself. This proud, cold woman loved her daughters after her own stately fashion, but she fairly idolised her son. To Doris's intense delight, after answering the usual questions, Mrs. Thornton decided to engage her as companion. "When can you come, Miss Carlisle ?" she asked. "At once," replied Doris, fearing to leave her lest she should change her mind. "That will please me," said Mrs. Thornton- " Your luggage can be sent for to-morrow." Thus it was that poor Doris, the deserted bride, gained an entrance into the household of her mother-in-law. Only Heaven could have foretold where this rash step was to lead. It would have been better for Doris had death claimed her then vid there.

(To bc continued).

SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting book which eve,y woman would he g!a:d to have Contains important and confidential Rtivie. :md tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressing to the sex. Sent tree, securely -rated, for one stamp to cover postage. AnnaEss : Professor E. LASALLE. 1.7, Eastbourne Terrace vadoington, London, NV,

WORTH KNOWINii.—WOODENIYB FAMOUS NI NN OILS. is boon to sufferers and bets.like magic in all eas" iiriEUMATISM, 11/WISES, and STIFF JOINTS. Is. 4d. per bottle, carriage paid.—J.WoonZlith ~hernist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

4 That in full °lc-lolly-a is perfectly clean. MAICILLE•IS CLEANSER'S been used, that is easily' seen•

"Canaußy's Cocoa has in a remarkable (Lamm Moo' natural elements of au.ten4nne which 4,ve the systeni ndurance an 4 hirdihoo i, building no ousiie :sad hodllY v;<Kuir with a etc sdy action th.t renders it a most reliable d acceptable heve,a2e."—lfea:th. _

I SUEFEVERN FRIII COUGIIS AND COLDS read :Is folloWS .ike LoComes, PIILMONIC WAFERI, be-ause they are able, pleasant •o take and effectual in cases of Coughs, ColdBl &a. I have given them away, and highly recommef"' r From G. S okesley Station, Northal lertol3.-- Dr. Locnck's Wafer's instantly relieve and rapidly Or's Astlmen, Consumption. bronchitis, Cough?, Colds, Shortttel of Breath. Phlegm, Pains in the Chest, heutnatisM, Vtzte pleasantly. Sold at Is. lii., 21.9.1., 4s. 6d„ and I Cr box by all Druggists,—Adr:t. (3)

RUPTURES. TRUSSEi. WOODE NO'S PATEN! USE, Hitt most cotritortah!e truss eve^ invented. boon to we irers, ii lug no spring at omk. Sine • Ts. RI Double 12a. Carria4e paid. Send size in Mello tc • %,v oon END. Chemist. 22. Pitt-street.l4-g9r pool. dvt.

t 1 Prices. I CYCL' S! MarvellouS Prices. tins year's cuarantes• Write for our 1895 i,tmtrated I new and second-hand Poetic:l9o od Cushion SA.I,ISTIBi and TO CYCLhS, post fie teeyton° iHrruil CYCLE :verpool.

TB E PLAGUE OF LIFE

A "Little Cough," THE !WIN OF HEALTH : _

.. . A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH : .: A " Little Cough. ~, a Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATB Ti'" - HALL'S LUNG RESTORER FOR INFLUENZA Registered AND ALL CH EST ,r LUNG AND THROA. RESTORER CON .PLANTS. . cgil ' Never Fails. It POSSESSESTRE pol• .4 LUNG to SooquE. RELIECE HEAL, which exiAts RESTORER other preparation. FOR COUGHS LUNG OB coos. . RESTORER . Never Falls. It NEVER FAILS to nisr° I LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER • THE FIRST DOSE 0. IS A SOOTHING F. LUNG LIIDE TO THE CO RESTORER INDUCES SIAE EP Cairn and Refreshing. I..."''' RESTOR.ER DOES NOT NTAI:4 CO— or LAuDANum. 0' via. Never Falls MORPHIA. LR UNG FOR Willaf,TlNG a ESTORER Cuoll-1 {AO' r UNG i IT ACTS LIRE A CI- -1? ESTORER Children like lt• _IL Never Fails ONE 131 noTTLO• HALL'S 20. LUNGRESTORER 'GIVES INSTANT NEVER Registered ESTABLISIIBD 40 PROVES ITS VAviutlit' g, N EVI3II RELIEF. FALLS. FA I LS. EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNIFS PHA , „" . Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home tor Girls, OroYas°eci 0 To Mr. Tnos. Her.t..—•' Dale BtH, —1 6.," Plea LingCt testify to the great benefit derived from the use or yo,":ic„,,, 0 RESTORER, whirls I !save eiven to several my Home—in two cases particularly its afreots 1600.-• lons. having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be P _ to recommend it to all my friends." 0 IFALT:s CAUTION% —When von ask, owa LUNG RESTORER. don't be persuaded to accept.a:l else. Upon the outside wrapoer of every fr,enli,asta° ~pears my Trade Mark (the figure of Hoik) and IS Beware of fraudulent imitations ;till innovations. Bottle'. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, ~,, itv lo 1.. V,(l. and 2s. 9d. Should there be auv di:Ti,.o.o. htsining, it will be sent carriage paid, on recelPt o the Itattn_lt. fro.ll 1.11.).j. all-L, 11, mi-°"" .Loud D.

\tilw rout 10s. mouttily.—B 45:Tiverton-mid, Li

===== 0002601_18950323_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
---4-

===== 0002601_18950323_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP

CANAL.

INTERVIEW WITH THE CHAIRMAN OF

THE RIVERS' COMMITTEE.

Another Conference was held at the Warrington Town Hall on Monday last week with reference to the subject in dispute between the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company. There were present on be- half of the Corporation the following members of the Rivers' Committee :—Councillor Henry Roberts (chairman), Councillor Robert Heaton (deputy- chairman), Aldermen W. Bolton, T. Hutchinson, and T, Sutton ; Councillors A. Bennett, L. Greening, F. W. Monks, and William Pierpoint (Alderman Fran- Comb being the only member of the committee absent.) Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk) and Mr. T. Longdin (borough surveyor) were also present. The Manchester Ship Canal Company were repre- sented by Mr. Bythell (manager), Mr. Southern, and another Manchester director ; Sir Leader Wil- limos, Mr. Hunter (engineer), Mr. Collier (of the Bridgewater Trust), Mr. Marshall Stevens, and Mr. Whitworth (the secretary of the company.) The Proceedings at the Conference were conducted Privately no reporters being admitted, but later in the week a representative of the "Examiner" called nPon Mr. Roberts who since he became chairman of the Rivers' Committee has championed the interest of the Corporation and the town generally with great tact and ability. To the question as to whether the Conference bad led to a settlement of any of the questions in dispute Mr. Roberts replied with a decided negative. The two or three hours of ani- mated discussion had evidently not brought the Corporation and the Canal Company much, if any, nearer a mutual agreement. To a question as to whether the Rivers' Commit- tee had made concessions to the Canal Company as they had been charged with doing in some quarters. Mr. Roberts replied, " Well the only concessions Made by the Rivers' Committee, as has been stated rnore than once, have been purely time ' conces-1 Sion is 8 ; that is, a longer time has been allowed for ""e Performing of certain work beyond what was atated in the Act of Parliament. These concessions have been allowed with the approval and consent °I the traders themselves. The dredging ' Should have been completed by the day of the (:„Pening of the Ship Canal, but the Company 'll .12d that it was impossible to complete "by that day and asked for further time to be allowed. They were granted 6 months, and then a further .3 months, making 9 months in all in consideration of their (in the meantime) opening the Walton Lock and thereby connecting the canal and the river, and so making the canal available to the Warrington traders. Further, they were to pay Penalty of .£5O a day for every day, after the time 41ireed upon, that the channel remained undredged. 'hey have now given us notice that they have Completed the dredging,but this is undoubtedly not 41 ?am; under the Section of the Act of Parliament Zruich covers this matter the company are required 0 dredge the bed and banks of the river,instead of ,hich they have simply dredged a channel of vary- ing width, and by no means ef uniform depth. The toint that is disputed, or rather, is in dispute, be- Zeen'the parties, is as to the correct meaning of t e section. The Corporation contend that having a due regard to the natural elope of the banks, and he safety of the banks, the remaining portions of e bed \of the river require to be dredged. The i,l'anal,Co..on the other hand, say that all they are oequired to do within the meaning of the section is dredge a navigable channel. This point will th ere- ere have to be referred for settlement to the law ai°,,tirte,:unless some mutual agreement as to the 411,ing of the terms of the section can be brought ,sh"• :114. ln regard to the abstraction of water, the a4llP,Canal Company have now works in operation Ica are intended to restore the .status quo,and un- ea• the effect of these works is seen the Corporation will Mot take any very definite action. But the e.2l.equestion is under serious consideration, and ""11 oversight is being given to it." thtTivtith reference to the docks, Mr. Roberts added Riea," _the 'Ship Cabal deputation informed the uortimi..tee at the conference that they saw Oct whatever of being able to find the arty h'arY capital for this outlay, nor had they • PO that the Manchester Corporation would money. They suggested that the Corpora- Warrington should undertake the responsi- L'Y Metead, but this is a matter, upon which it .‘ present premature to say anything. It came .34)vti,,..tinethe discussion that the Company had spent plooo in dredging the river bed and they aued this as an excuse for a favourable consider- 41iiou on the part of the Corporation of Warring- obligations of the Company. On the 'aand it was pointed out to themby the Rivers ,umittee that the maintenance of dredging was 0 the _ rmostimportance to the traders of Warring- and that it would have to be maintained. representative then interrogated Mr. Roberts (10;7 whether there was any chance, in lieu ot the quir',7, flay-byes being provided, but to this in- Present also he preferred not to say anything at Ile take added. in nonclusion,that a conference would tiveat:l4ce to-day (Saturday) between representa- the Rivers' Preservation Association, the thetquer of Commerce,and the Rivers' Committee a it wa ewn Hall, upon the whole question, and tha late ;8 the intention of the Ship Canal Co.to-formu Hot t3te, e further proposals in order to avoid litiga- W'th the Warrington Corporation, if possible

===== 0002601_18950323_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PIWDENTIAL ASSURANCE

COMPANY, LIMITED.

R.„The 4eth annual meeting of this well knows send ous Company has recently been held under the tesidency of Mr. Edgar Horne, and the report shows at the business has increa mth Sed enorously during e ta,t year. There is no doubt whatever, but that the and ntial Assurance Company is one of the strongest - safest companies in which to take up premiums. zth.pit there is in the kingdom, The assets at present are '_4121.3,804 19m. 3d , being an increase of £2,674,940 uPola the preceding .year. This is the largest increase in 'par ever known to the Company, and is a striking when the bad trade during the whole twelve months '8 considered. During the the year, in the ordinary branch Om number of policies issued were 61,744, assuring the iurnrn lo af £6,282,120, and producing a new annual prem- .n coal° of £339,957. The premiums received dur- opg the year were £2,077,956, an increase of £223,586. e claims of the year amounted to 11518,131,the number deaths was 3,584, and 198 endowment assurances were matured. There were 375,545 policies in force at jai end of the year. The increase in premiums in the 11,:ust,4,stotrai,ail branch during the year was £272,360, making of £4,244,224. The claims amounted to ass '''377, number of deaths 168,689, and endowment poilleriaesencs matured, 1,304. There were 66,478 free rh, eranted making the total in force, of 38,078 and ver4 ii 6,672 became claims during the year. There thel 6,651 policies in force at the end of the year, yearce.average duration being nearly seven and a half the Ihere are several items of interest to be taken from anePert, which are not at the first glance noticeable Th width further show the stability of the ComPany• th e income from Ordinary and Industrial branches for 1-1,5 Year was o about £6,300,000, which means a weekly f £l2O 000 or a £2O 000 day. Another point Worth , noticing is the average duration of the policies. the industrial business, the average duration of the en'ven millions of policies is 7i years, which is an . be.-telse of half a year in two years. The rate of lapsing f_ 5 also been steadily declining. Another satisfactory feature is that during the past year, there were 17,000 berwer deaths than had been expected in the industrial f aneh• The present year has, however, not been so iltjourable for in the three weeks, ending March 3rd a„9.5, owing to fiPvere weather, and influenza, there was w“eeltikeree of 4,402 deaths upon the corresponding three In s n 1894. The reserves in the hands of the Corn- arc however ample to meet any emergenc7. It • with's very rarely that serious public calamities occur e large proportion of the sufferers being clai—e" in the " Prudential," and the following Ad•r(.l is an interesting one. It is from the 11,01raltT, and is on the life of a s.aman on board Her Jesty's ship St. George, who was killed in the action ana Month against King Ko-Ro. The SAilors of the Sc. tak ree were landed in the hostile proceedings lately nn on the Wes Coast of Africa, and three of them ere hn killed. Out 'of tho.e three one at least has become ;4 a on athe Company, Mr. Horne, who related this , ctimstnce said that he should not at all world( rto '21.9 the other two were as well, but he had had the n'ncial notice from the Admiralty of that particular eonsid elnisiderinct the ex-ellen' report which they had to • " th,) a_eri it is only to be expected that the speakers at the f meeting spoke in very optimistic terms of uture of the Company, which they look forward to every confidence, and rely upon an ever increasing r:llls:irTrt from the public. The Company has a large busi- i_°_,R la the Warrington district, and its interests are i'aorieded after by their local superintendent Mr. J. T. Row- ': _it_h.regea9rdSankey-,treet, from whom all information to the Company cart be obtained. Mr. '‘uwlandi Is assisted by an efficient staff of collectors.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Great Sankey Parish Council was held in the Board schools, on qonday even- ing. The chair was occupied.by Mr. W. P. Skelton,and there were also present : Messrs. H. Bate. G.'Phompson, W. H. L. Gorse, T. Halton, T. Kilshaw, Fairclough, and J. Wright (clerk). CONTROL OF HIGHWAYS. A letter was read from Mr. W. El. Poole, chairman of the Deane (Bolton) Parish Council,stating that very great dissatisfaction existed in that district, because the con- trol of the parish highways for local matters had been taken from under local control. Several parish meetings had been held and resolutions passed unanimoasly, to bring these roads lack under local management. They desired the Great Sankey l'arish Council to pass a simi- lar resolution to be sent to the Local Government Board, the member tor the division, and the C-ainty Council.— The Chairman expressed himself in favour of the pro- posal, as he said that it was no use of them meeting together unless there was something to do. He thought the Council should have control over local highways and footpaths of which there was a considerahle number in that district. It seemed to be the feeling throughout the country that Parish Councils were simply bodies of gentlemen called together with practically nothing to do.—Mr. Thompson was of a similar opinion as the Chairman with regard to the high ways.—Mr. Bate said that the Highway Board was still in existence, but Mr. Wright said that it would only exist another three years. —The Chairman said that it had been decided that when the management of the roads passed out of the hands of the Highway Board it would be given to the District Committee,and not to the Parish Committee. The object o,f the resolution was to prevent that being done.—lt was ultimately decided to pass a resolution in terms similar to that suggested by the Deane Parish Cuuncil.

TILE TREASURERSHIP. The Chairman said thtt Mr. Murray, of Parr's Bulk had accepted the position of treasurer, awl he had filled up a guarantee form for £2OO. The Parish Council wc uld have to pay the premium of the policy.

APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS. The Chairman said that it was the duty of the Parish Council te appoint the overseers and assistant overseers, and as the term of office of the present overseers expired during the present month, it would he necessary to have a special meeting for the purpose of appointing their successers.—lt was decided on the motion of Mr. Thomp- son, seconded by Mr. Fair,lough that the meeting be held on Monday next at 7.30 p.m. THE PARISH CHEST. The Chairman said that as all the members of the Council would observe,the parish chest was in the room. As they would remember, a resolution was passed at the last meeting that Mr. Bate and himself, as overseers, should call upon the proprietor of the Cnapel House to make arrangements for the transferring of the cheat. Mr. Bate had, however been unable owing to sickness, to do so. In the meantime, he (Mr. Skelton) had received the following interesting account : "To the overseers of the township of Great Sankey. to John Warburton, March, 1895, to 38 years of storage of the old parish chest, at Sc. per year, £9 10s." That was received by him with a considerable amount of amusement. (Laughter.) The bill was also accompanied by the following letter from Mr. C. H. Unsworth, solicitor. 11 Lyrne-Areet. War- rington :—" Dear sire—l am instructed by Mr. Warbur- ton to forward the enclosed account, on payment of 'which you can remove the parish chest." (Laughter.) The letter also expressed disapprobation of cartai nmem- hers of the Council by having opened the chest, and stated that in so doing they were undoubtedly guilty of trespass. Re considered that there was no right for the claim of storage, as Mr. Warburton had never given notice of claiming such right previously. The bill had caused eonsiderable amusement among his Warrington friends. With regard to the statement that some mem- bers of the Parish Council had been guilty of trespass, he (Mr. Skelton) might say that he went to examine the chest, and Mrs. Unsworth, the landlady of the Chapel House, not only supplied them with the key, but also with a candle, and even held the candle while they examined the chest. (Laughter.) He therefore failed to see where the trespass came in. He had, however, since received a letter saving that the Council could have the chest, and there it was —The chest was then opened, and a large number of documents were exam- ined. They proved to be chiefly bills, L.—, in connec- tion withthe poor relief of Great Sankey, some of them datinc as far ago as 1784.

At the Liverpool Assign on Tuesday,James Wagstaffe collier, was acquitted of the charge of having murdered his stepson William Henry Isiolmes, a lad of eleven years or age, at Tyldesley, on December 2, by throwing him down a ,dieused pit shaft.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
lilt. L T. BRUNNER, 31P, AND WELSH

DISESTABLISEIMENT.

L PUNGENT LETTER.

The members of the Northwich Constitutional Club recently forwarded to Mr. 1. T. Brunner, M.P., a resolu- tion passed at a public meeting of the club tc the fol- lowing effect :—•• That as the bill for diseltahlishing and dinendowing the four Welsh dioceses of the Church of England is, in the opinion of this meeting,bad in prin- ciple, and a bill which will inflict serious injury upon the poorer portion of the population, the electors are hereby called upon to resist t e measure by all the legiti- mate means in their power.' To this Mr. Brunner has forwarded the following reply::—" Dear Sir,—our favour of the iBth inst. came to hand yesterday mornine. ?have read the resolution enclosed with care, and I beg to assure you with respect also. Though I cannot agree with the opinions expressed in the resolution, lam glad to note that the members of your club hold them- selves bound to consider the interest of the poorer part of the population of Wales, and to paint out that the till makes large provision tor their interest by way of hos- pitals and trained nurses for the sick poor, improved dwellings, and so on. I thing it extremely likely that before long a compromise will be affected on the lines of Mr. Chamberlain's letter to the Welsh editor, the Tory party throwing over some of their principles to secure some of the funds, and the Liberal 'party giving way on the question of money for the sake of their principles. You describe the meeting at the Constitutional Club at which the resolution was passed as a public meeting The word public' ig to be taken in a Pickwickian sense. I take it.—Yours faithfully, JonN T. -- R fiCTNNHI2." •

===== 0002601_18950323_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
• THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1895.

Murray, C'eminson. and Tickle paid a brief visit to the Warrington quarters, but this visit ultimately proved disastrous to their side, for Heesom securing the ball, seek from his owe 25 flag to the Swinton 25, and Burton racing up tackled Winterbottom with the ball still in his possession. From , the ensuing scrimmage, Bate made a sharp pass t€. Birber, and that player eluding Valentine, and dodging between Pearson and. Winterbottom, ran in a splendid try. The Swintonians were dumbfounded, it was so neatly done. Burton failed to improve the point. This was about seven minutes from the close of the game, and during the whole of that time Warrington kept the upperhand, and never allowed their opponents to become dangerous, and when the whistle sounded, Warrington had won a most unexpected, but at the same time well-earned, and well-deserved victory by a I try to nil. WARRINGTON A v. SWINTON A.—The Warrington A team stayed at home on Saturday last, to face the Swinton A team. The afternoon was fine and a large number of on-lookers gathered to witness the encounter between these two well-known teams. When lined up on the field the teams were composed as tollows :—War- rington Mannion, full back; Sankey, Forster, Lawless, Evans, three-quarter backs; Carey, Wood, half backs ; Barratt, Burrows, Bandies, Swift, Andrewa, Hill, Makin and Hughes. forwards. Swinton : Berry, full back ; Gad, Halley, Glover, Sharpies, three-quartr backs ; Smith, Booth, half-backs; Jackson (captain), Berry, Gully, Williams Spruce, Tongue, Hayes and Buckley, forwards. Swinton kicked off punctually at 3 30, the advertised time, towards the pavilion goal, Warrington returned with great speed and seeing it was of no use Hughes kicked the ball dead. Warrington began their pressing mode taking the leather in the visitors' terrhory. Swinton seeing their task was a heavy one, succeeded in preventing their opponents in scoring. A minute later Lawless secured and tumbling over one of the Swinton's three-quarter backs, scored the first try for Warrington amid loud cheers. Carey kicked for goal, but this player was unsuccessful, his kick falling short. The visitors regained their footing, they taking the ball to the homesters' quarters, a scrimmage result- ing near the goal hue. The ball was then taken towards the railway goal. Here Makin made a good attempt at scoring but was too slow, he being overt) swered by one of his opponents. The ball was again kicked up by Warrington and this time Hill added to the scoring list. Forster attempted to ' Improve the score by kicking for goal, but the attempt was futile. Warrington still kept the best of the game until half-time when the score read Warrington A 2 tries Swinton nothing. Warrington resumed and Swinton savagely attacked, and Sharpies succeeded in putting the ball over the goal line. Play was now at a stand still for a few seconds one of the Swinton men being hurt, but it was soon resumed, he having re- covered from his injuries. A number of scrimmages and lice-outs took place on the visitors' goal track, the Swinton men playing hard to keep their opponents from scoring. At length the leather was takee to the homes- ters' territory where the play became rough on both sides. Warrington still kept up their pressure and Woods (Warrington's new half back) secured, and passed to Carey and this player ran and overpowering his an- tagonist placed the ball over the goal line. Lawless neatly converting. Play was of a mild nature up to final time. The score then read Warrington 1 goal 2 tries, Swinton 1 try. WARRINGTON RANGNRS v. LONDON AND NORM-WES- TERN Loco's.—This match took place on the ground of the latter. The Loco's. won the toss, and played down hill. Monks kicked off for the Rangers, and the first pack was formed in the home 25, where Forster got over and threw over to Knight, who raced away, but Thompson stopped his career by a good tackle. Passing by the Rangers backs was the next item, which resulted in Plinstou being floored near the line. From the follow- ing scrimmage Folan got hold and passed to Price, who forced his way over the line, Savage failing at goal. Soon after Foden was applauded for a dashing run, be- ing tackled when looking dangerous. From a scrimmage the visiting forwards, headed by Handles, Sholtz, and Oultram, dribbled te the house 25,where Bailey got hold and put in a clinking run getting in under the posts, Foden converting into a goal. From the kiek-off the visitors slacked somewhat in their play,and the heme- sters seizing the adxantage Hardy scored a try for them which Forster kicked into a goaL Half-time: was VON called with the score—Rangers, one goal, one try (eight points) : Loco's., one goal (fire :points). On the restart the visitors showed up well. butcould not break through the splendid defence of the homesters : but at length they were awarded, for Foden getting the ball from this saimmage and passing out to Plinston the latter ran half the Length of the field, passing all the Loco's. hacks, and got over near the posts. Foden failing at goal. From the drop-out the homesters got well away to centre where a scrimmage was formed, and Knight gettiug hold got past all the Rangers backs with the exception of Thompson, who floored him. Time afterwards was soon called, leaving the visitors victors by one goal and two tries (eleven points), to one goal (five points).

WARRINTONG Sr. MARY'S V. RUNCORN RECREATION.— Played at Runcorn on Saturday. The Recs. won the toss, and the Saints were the first to attack, play being of a lively character for a few minutes, the visitors ex- periencing hard lines. Smart play by Runcorn called news the visitors to defend, Roughley clearing in splen- eid fashion, followed up by the forwards, and trans- ferred play to half way. Exchange kicking by the backs took place. Rutter secured, and tricking his opponents in fine style scored. Roughley doing the needful. Re- Bernina., a round of passing by F. llampson and Rutter took play to home lines. The homesteree left wine got clear, and a certaba score was frustrated by flampson, who tackled him in a dangerous position. O'Brien with a neat run and kick took play to centre, where they were attacking severely when hail time was called. The Saints were leading by one goal to nil. Commencing hostilities* play was of an even character at centre, Roughley was called upon rather early, and put the ball in touch near the 25 dig. fligginbottom next secured from a scrinasnage, wended his way through the thick of his opponents, and scored under the posts, Roughley kicking a goal. Ratter accepted a pass from llampson, and scored a well-merited try, Roughley kicking the third goal. The Recs. tried hard to score, but the com- bined play of the forwards frustrated all their attempts. Shortly after the whistle sounded, and St. Mary's added another victory to their long list of successes, winning by three goals (15 points) to nil. RUNCORN V. BIRKENHEAD PARIC.—The third match be- tween these clubs this season was played at the Upper Park, Birkenhead, in summer-like weather, additional interest being lent to the game inasmuch as each side had won a game each. There was a large crowd present when Faulkner kicked off for Runcorn, who started against a strong sun. Clauss returned, and play took

===== 0002601_18950323_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

CIRICKBTERS should acquire the " Pocket Diary and k I Companion " issued by the well-known Sports Maim- t actores, tieorgi G. Bussey SE, Uc.. Peckhun, London. All the intormAion Cricketers require is tound therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it wiit go in the waistcoat pocket Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d., postage t-d. It you are not satisfied G. G. B. Co. will return the pric.t.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RUG BY.

WARRINGTON V. SWINTON.

The Warrington team have been doing so badly this year, that their supporters have become quite down- hearted. Since the advent of the present year and pre- vious to last Saturday, Alley bara not won a single match, losing two on their own ground- Consequently when they were due at swinton—a place where they had never scored a solitary victory—every one but the most sanguine were prepared for another downfall. Swint m had on the previous Saturday beaten Rochdale Hornets by three tries to nil, and, as the Hornets on the follow- ing Tuesday had beaten Warrington by a try to nil the I Swinton team ought to beat Warrington easily by all c&culations of form. Football is, however, very uncer- tain, and conurary to all expectations, Warrington were able to score their first victory on the Swinton ground on Saturday. Splendid weather favoured the match, from a spectator's point of view, though it was rather warm tor Lhe players. The Swintonians have always been known up to the present as the" Lions," owing to the headquarters being at the White Lion. They have, however, recently removed to the Bull's Head, a place which is not nearly so convenient,as it is such a long dis- tance from the field. The name of " Lions "is probably too firmly fixed upon them now, or we might hear them termed Swinton" Bulls." Mr. Higgins, of Manchester, acted as referee at the match on Saturday, and the two neutral touch judges were Mr. R. H. Carson, of Man- chester, and Mr. T. Melledew, ot Rochdale Hornets. The following were the two teams : Warrington g Boscow, full back ; Barber, Heesam, Moores, and Burton, threequarters ; John Bate and Houghton, half backs ; Turner, Taylor, Dakin, Berry, Saunders, Callaghan, Bailey,and Thorniley, forwards. Swinton : Winterbottom, full hick ; Valentine, Pear- son Tyldesley, and Lewis, threequarters ; Brockbank and Harris, half backs ; Sharpies, Knowles, Harris, Cleminson, Tickle, Murray, Hallam, and Evans, for- wards. There were between 4,000 and 5,000 spectators pre- sent when Turner kicked off,Warrington having the sun in their eyes during the first half. Pearson returned Turner's kick to half way, and Warrington rushed the ensuing scrimmage in fine style,Winterbottom stopping them when they were getting dangerous. Play settled down for a time in the Swinton 25, and Burtan almost forced his way in, Tyldesley and Lewis tackling at a critical moment. Swinton were at length awarded a free kick,wnich was taken by Valentine, but Thorniley charginr, it down was just prevented from scoring by Lewis. Up to new Swinton were clearly ovarplayed,but Cleminaon started a dribble on his own account which was brought to an end by Burtoe,at halfway. Swinton profiting by this relief pressed still further, and on one occasion all the Warrington team were passed but Bos- cow. The full back was, however, equal to the emer- gency, and prevented what seemed to be a certain score for Swinton. Barber now got posses- sion, and his ran along touch was an eye-opener to the spectators. He was not floored by Valentine until he had put his side on the offensive. Hallam now broke away., but Moores accounted for him, and Warrington attacked so strongly that a score seemed imminent every moment. Valentine at length got to the half way line, when he found a stumbling block in I Boscow. Disaster at this stage almost befel War- rington, for Turner taking a free kick unaccountably sent the ball towards his own goal, and Pearson racing up, but for Boscow, would have had a clear field to get in. Boscow, however, just spoiled him. This attack of Swinton was only short, and Heesom kicked across to Burton. The latter just failed to field the ball, other- wise he could have walked in with no one to stop him. Following this let off, a free kick was given against Swinton for infringement of the rules. Burton's shat at goal did nat come Off., and a minor was the only result. Heesont replied to Valentine's kick out and found touch within a yard of the line, but Swinton staved off the danger. An unpleasant incident here occurred. Pear- son dallying with the ball in his possession, Fleesom rushed forward to tackle. Heesom reached him just after he had parted with the ball, and the two came to the ground. Pearson was winded, and the game was stopped . for a short time. The Swinton spectators gave vent to their feeling in angry tones. The incident was, however, merely a misjudgment on Fleesom's part, Pearson having dallied too long with the ball, and the former thinking that he had the ball /still in his possession. Pearson soon recovered and the game was resumed, Warrington attacked hotly, and Houghton was knocked into touch on the line. A slight relief was experienced by Tickle breaking away from the subsequent line out, but Moores scoring passed to Barber, who was knocked into touch just in the same fashion as Houghton. Swinton took good advantage of these two narrow escapes, for over- coming almost all opposition. Valentine would almost certainly have scored but for Barber. This was only a spurt on the part of Swintoe, for Warrington again returned to the attack,, and were causing the Swlatonisas great anxiety when toe interval arrived with a clean sheet. Following Valentine's kick off and Boscow's return, even play was the rule for some time after the restart. Much amusement was caused by Barber, who, finding that he could not stop Valentine any other way, stuck like a vice to his foot, and dispite the "big one's" efforts to get free, he held him there until he could be securely tackled. Swint= now began to have the upper hand, and a fierce struggle took ,place on the Warrington line. This was brought to an end by Berry, Callaghan and Saunders breaking away and dribbling to the quarter flag. but Swinton again returned to the attack and made desperate attempts to score, Valentine in particu- lar. Warrington defended as ch sperately. and Taylor at length broke away from his own goal line and from his kick, Berry tackled Winterbottom at the quarter flag. This was a great relief to Warrington, and from now to the end of the game, the play was much more even. The Swinton forwards were again bearing down on the Warrington goal. when Burton made a daring save by kic,ring the ball over their heads in the associa- tion style and finding touch. Warrington now got the upper hand and the home defenders found plenty of work to do. Turner put some good work in for War- ring, and Valentine in his repeated attempts to break away invariably found his way blocked either by , Barber, Moorea or Callaghan. Swinton by means of

===== 0002601_18950323_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
—Aiwa

RlPWaP=;iWiio

===== 0002601_18950323_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
sTou

place in Runcorn quarters, J. Faulkner saving in good style. Houghton was collared by Clauss before he could get in his kick, and some neat passing ensued between the " Park " three-quarters. Abrams neurralisPd this advantage on behalf of the visiting side, but Birkenhead , forwards had the best packs and Runcorn were pressed I back near their lines. Duabavand relieved, and the Runcorn forwards rushed the play to the other end, where Linton (the second team foil back) was seen to advantage with some capital kicking. Chadwick and Duld were prominent amongst the Park forwards; whilst J. D. Anderson ran strongly down the centre,just being upset as he was becoming dangerous. A series of short passes by the Runcorn three-quarters next bore fruit, Gayter scoring. Warder took the place kick, but failed in his attempt at goal. On dropping out the Parkites reached the central line. where play was I suspended for a few moments owing to an injury Iby one of the Runcern men, half-time being called shortly afterwards, with Runcorn leading by one try to nil. Taylor Wood restarted on behalf of the Parkies after a somewhat lengthy interval, and no return being made—Warder being at fault—the opening play took place in Runcorn quarters. The venue, however, was very quickly removed to half-way, when off-side play by Runcorn gave the home side a free kick,Clauss send- ing into touch. Smith next dribbled away to the visitors' quarter flag, and the ball going to the other side of the field J. D. Anderson made an attempt to break through, but it was held safe. A rush by thei Runcorn ferwards was checked by Linton, but Hough- ton replied magnificiently to the latter's kick, and the visitors rushed the ball past the " Park ' twenty-five yards flag. A sudden dash by the Birkenhead forwards removed the danger, but off-side play spoiled their efforts, and from the subsequent free kick the Runcorn- ians were enabled to regain much of their former ground. Shortly afterwards Warder got over, J. Faulkner failing at goal. Nothing further was scored, and the game resulted—Runcorn, two tries ; Birken- head Park, nil. .

RUNCORN V. BIRKENHEAD PARK" " TEAMS—Played at Runcorn on l=aturday, the home team inflicting a Bevere defeat upon their visitors, to the tune of eight goals, five tries, (forty-five points); to Birkenhead Park, two minors. The teams were :—Runcorn : Jolley, full back ; Myers, West, Jolley, and Nickson, three-quarter backs ; Robinson and Pendlebury, half backs ; Clark, Drmson, Antrobus, Shaw, Derbyshire, Stubbs, Sintpson and Woodward, forwards. Birkenhead Park : Van Vanten, full back ; Place, Briggs, Mocatta, Hopley, three-quarter backs ; Moser, Glazenbrook, half backs ; Davies, Taylor, Bradley, Woodgate,Carter, Conning and two reserves, forwards.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION. WARRINGTON CUP. SECOND ROUND.

PARR V. RUNCORN.—At Parr, on Saturday, in glorious weather, to replay their tie in the above competition. It will I remembered that on their first meeting the Blues were beaten by six to three, but their protest against the condition of the ground was upheld by the executive of the Warrington and District Association, and consequently they were ordered to replay the same. Both clubs were represented by their best teams, with the exception of Pye, who was unable to journey from Runcorn with his team, and the services of C. Burrows were requisitioned as outside right, Hampson going inside, and T. Burrows falling in rye's place at right half. The players appeared as follows :—Parr : Goal, Roy; full backs, Potter and Leigh; half backs, Fisher, Pimblett and Hazledlne ; forwards, Condliffe, Hughes, Ranson, Cox, Leather (captain). Runcorn: Goal, Rough; full backs, Richards and Ledsham ; half backs, T. Burrows, J. Baylie, 11. MeLeod ; forwards, C. ' Burrows, Flampson, W. Walker, Jones, Peacock (cap- tain). After an evenly contested game Parr retired rather lucky victors by three goals to two. WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION V. PARNWORTH.—PIayed at the Cricket Ground ia grand weather. Farnworth lost the toss and Smithson and Wilson made a good run, the former's shot going over. Webster was again called upon by the visitors' left and cleared in fine style. Jewkes and Connor ran the ball down, but hands by the visitors' backs spoieel a good:chance. Connor took the free kick and from the rebound Williamson scored. Farnworth now played up well and caused Webster some trouble and at the other end the goalkeeper saved well from Connor. Still pressing,Smithsonthit the post with a well meant shy and from his pass Connor scored a grand goal with a long shot. Half time score : War- rington 2, Farnworth 0. Warrington got away at the restart, Connor being fouled when in good position. The visitor's left gave relief but only for a short time, Connor getting possession and transferring to Gorton, who rushed dosn the wing put in a good centre to Connor which was put into the net. From the centre Connor got hold and dribbled through the back and again scored. Smithson hit the post from Gorton's pass and from the goal kick Farnworth went down well but spoiled a good chance by shooting over. The visitors played up better till the end of the game and gave Mather and Evans more work. They were, however, weak in front of goal. Connor and Smithson each made good attempts, but could not beat the goal keeper. Farnworth left got down well and scored. Webster mis- judging the ball. Even play followed till call of time. Final score : Warrington 4 goals, Farnworth one goal.

WARRINGTON ST. ELTRIN'S V. LIVERPOOL VICTORIA ATl:cane —Played at Dalton Bank on Saturday before a good gate. The home team started and keeping up the attack broke through the visitors' defence and Deady scored number one. From the restart Liverpool came away, only to be repelled by Taylor. No further scoring was done up to half time, the score being 1-0 in favour of the home team. The second half saw the home team peppering away at the visitors' goal continuallv,Robson and his backs seldom being called upen. The home team added six more goals to their score through Deady three, Hickinbottom one, Hatton one and Forbes one. the final result being St. Elphin's seven, Liverpool Victoria Athletic nil. The visitors were afterwards entertained to tea at the Ring °Tells by th'e St. Elphin's Club, the catering being in the hands of Mr. Toft. con- fectioner, Bridge-street, who provided an excellent repast. After the tables had been cleared, a smoking concert was held, and songs, Sze., were rendered by members of both teams. WALKER'S BREWERY V. ST. ELPHIN'S RESERVE.-Thilil match was played on the Brewery ground on Saturday last in splendid weather. St. Elphin's kicked off and began to show a bold front, but the fine play of the Brewery backs soon drove them back,the home team having slightly the best of it up to half time, the score then reading one to nil in favour of the Brewery. Ashton restarted for the Brewery, who again showed their auperiority,keeping up a continuous attack on the Saints' goal and but for poor shooting must have scored much more than they heading through from a centre

by Collins. The kick off slightly relieved for the Saints, Whittaker experiencing hard lines from a good shot. From the goal kick Fellowes for the home team dribbled down the field, and giving Ashton the ball, that player dodged past Cassidy and scored with a grand long shot. A splendid game ending in a win for the Brewery by 3 goals to nil. HOLY TRINITY V. GUARDIAN OFFICE.—This match was played on the Trinity ground on Saturday. The visitors winning the toss, Seddon kicked off for the ' homesters against a very slight breeze. The Guardian at once took up the running, but good play by the Trinity backs kept their charge intact. The hcrnesters next attacked, but their bad shooting spoiled their efforts, the visitors taking the ball to the other end. Here some exciting play took place, but half-time arrived with nothing scored. On the restart the visit- ing forwards obtained possession and raced away down the field, but the final shot went wide, and shortly after- wards Lowe scored for the Guardian with a good shot. Even play followed, but the visitors' left wing dribbled the ball past the home backs and Thorley rushed the ball through the poste. For some reason this was dis- allowed. Considerable pressure was hroug t to bear on the Trinity goal after this, but no more goals were added, the visitors winning by one goal to nil The visitors' goalkeeper was in rare form, but he had little to do, he only having two difficult spots to deal with.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEW PUBLIC HALL.

On Friday afternoon:last week a sub-committee of the General Purposes Committee of the Warrington Corporation waited upon Mr. J. C. Parr to confer with him with regard to the naming of the new public hall which has been presented to the town by Mr. Parr and which will soon be ready for opening. It was suggested by the sub-committee that the new hall should be called °The Parr Hall," and as Mr. Parr agreed with this proposal that is the name by which it will be known after its opening. Mr. Parr's opinion was also invited as to the form the opening ceremony should take, and he expressed a preference for the performance of an oratorio. The hall will, therefore, be opened with a musical performance of this character under the auspices of the Corporation. It is expected that the Warrington Musical Society will be asked to take a leading part in arranging the performance, the Corporation finding the principal vocalists and any necessary augmentation of the band.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

Since the present y;;;1;-e-g-a-n, there has not been much good news in the football line in Warrington, but, now as everyone knows, the spell of misfortune has been broken, and Warrington have at length won a victory, and that at Swinton of all places. They not only won, but fairly earned their victory, for they did not win by a fluke. The victory was won by downright hard work, and now that Warrington have COMA Out Of their shell, they ought to keep the ball rolling. If they do,it will not be the first time they have "come strong " at the close of the football season.

It is a very singular record which exists between the Warrington and Swinton clubs, and which is now broken. Previous to Saturday, Warrington had never won a single match at Swinton, nor Swinton one at Warrington. There had been two draws between the clubs, and singular to say, one was at Warrington, and the other at Swinton. It is a very peculiar circumstance that Warrington should boat Swinton for the first time away, when they have been doing so badly of late. They have had all the best of the matches with tho " Lions" during the present and preceeding season, for out of four matches played, they have won three and drawn one. In fact, the lest time Swinton best War- rington was in the season of 1892-3 Out of the eight points which Warringtan have gained in the league, half of them have been taken at the expense of Swinton, and the solitary goal which they have gained in the competition was also gained against Swinton, so that Warrington have much to thank this famous club for.

It was with anything but confidence that the wire- pullers jcurneyed to Swinton on Saturday, for had not their opponents beaten their conquerors on the previous Tuesday? They, however, played for all they were worth ,and thus gained a most unexpected and welcome victory. The few Warringtonians who were present among the spectators did not forget to let the colliers know that they were there, especially when Barber ran in the winning try. In fact, the strength of their lungs rather astonished the natives. The Swinton spectators are a very demonstrative lot, and woe-betide any un- fortunate visiting player if he does anything which they do not consider quite above board.

The Warrington team on Saturday was a very well balanced one. The forwards were superior to the Swin- ton eight, and there was not a " passenger " among them. It would be invidious to single any one out for special mention. As there is, however, at present so much prejudice in Warrington against new players, for a very cogent reason, it may be here mentioned that Warrington have an acquisition in Callaghan, who has now played for two or three weeks for them. Ile can take the position at three-quarter with great credit when it is required.

" Jack " Bate was at his old post at half hack, owing to the indisposition of "Smack." and with Houghton he appeared quite at home. It was his pass to Barber, which culminated in the latter scoring the try. The trial of Floughton at half back has been a success. Bar- ber was more than a match for Valentine to whom he was opposed, and he really excelled himself on Saturday. His try was a beauty, and Valentine was considerably astonished at the way he had been tricked. The other threequarters also played a very good came, and two of them,llleesom and' Burton, materially helped towards getting the try. Boscow was very safe, and he ought surely to have been tried again f)r the county. It would not be too much to say that he has scarcely a superior in Lancashire. The way he has recovered his form is wonderful.

It will be noticed by the League table that Warring- ton have again regained the fourth position. They ought to keep that, even if they do not go higher up to the end of the season. There is a chance of getting third as they did last year, and a remote one of getting second. They ought surely therefore to finish fourth at the least. Below will be seen the result of the competition up to date :

For. Agst. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. G.T.Pts. Teich.,ley Oldham St. Helens Barrington Swinton Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers Leigh (on September 19), Salford (October 1f). and Wigan (November 13),having been suspended for professionalism, will not take any tart in the competition this season.

To-day Warrington meet Leigh, and on Monday they meet the Oldham team. They have an excellent chance of winning to-day, but how will they fare on Monday, against the team which made such an exhibition of them at the beginning of the season ? One thing lam almost certain of, and that is that Oldham will not run up a score of 29 points to three as they did then. If the ball is kept pretty close,Warricgton will even stand a chance of winning. However, it is easier to " prophecy after the event." The following is the team selected against Leigh and Oldham :—Boscow,full back ; Barber,Moerts. Heesorn and Burton, three-quarters ;John T. Bate, and James Bate, half-backs • Turner, Dakin, Taylor, B• rry, Thornley, Houghton, Callaghan and Bailey, forwards.

The A team also gained a victory over the winton A on Saturday, and that by a goal and two tries to a try. On only one occasion, and that during the present sedson, have the Swinton A lowered the colours of War- rinton, and therefore the result ix not a very surprising one. Warrington had a new half back, Wood, and he shaped very well.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

As we announced last week Saturday was the day chosen for the opening club run of the season, and in the event of wet weather supervening a 'bus waa to he pro- vided. Fortunately the last resort" was rendered UTl- necessary by the typical cycling weather which held sway. Cronton was the destination, and at the trait from tire" Norton Arms' the club made a very fine show, the members having turned up in large numbeis with a quantity of new machines. On reaching 13,dd a contingent of the Widnes CC. joined the [tame club and a D afternoon of thorough eujoyment was experiercel. On reaching Cronton a game of football was organised. commenced and carried out with great zest and enirtv, ment, except on the part of one player whose anthu- siasm carried him into the ditch. Mr. S. Baldly. one of the cyclists, who had come armed with a camera, thPn photographed the members and friends present, while another photograph which will provide amusement for some time to come, was taken by the same gent leman of bliose members whose spirits were too exuberant,ard to curtail which their friends pinioned them in the stocks, in which position of "dignity and ease they were , "snapped." While en route Mr. Baldry " snaoshotted " the cyclists. An excellent tea was provided by Host I Houghton with hie customary iclat, .after which the I usual" smoker " was held.

X STOP ONE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds?" TRY.

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant relief and does not contin Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia.

ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST,WEALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occumation,laual are especially e,posed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BB WISE IN TIME! Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIA3IS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delic.ste women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds. Bronchitis. Asthma. Tightness M the Chest. It cures thousands of chilthen of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. E cures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT!

It you bave a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try it ; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth ar 1 comfort to the, chest, and gives refreshing sleep when 3 on b we lost nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed by a mis4rable cold, nose bunged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general faeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up. to date : It triOkles into all the system. A. true frieud, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WiLttaws' Parezrr BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimoni Is to hand trosa all, parts of the World.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
:READ OF FURTHER.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY;OF YOUR

coNshsiiiifok:

Stn.—My wife desires me to say that your T,pdor Williams Balsam of Honey Ins proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as !a cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and his treatment is followed up until the cold. disappears. Before using the Bilsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very• little inconvenience. During the short time the cold Is upon= them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little._ ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Turin March 16th, 1892.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON STILL FURTHER.'

A Cardiff Chemist says have larger sales for Tudo• William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Cure„ That's the opinion of all chemists.

PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD.

Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Giamorgan, July, 1892. DEA.II SIR,—I must write to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey tor Coughs is the best we ever had in the, house. My boy David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for it, awl neither could anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured ht.'n ; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID SONES, ESQ., High Constable..

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World I' is. lid, 9s 9d, Ice 4s 6d bottles. Samplebott .usent post paid for is 3d 3s, and ss, from the Inventor, D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE. WALES.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPT' 0 NS onoTo Cure Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- *pies, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use OCLLIVICK'S SKIN OINTMENT and BLOOD VI TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION Either Ointment or Tablets, Is. lid., from all Chemists ; post free Is. 34.. from MARTIN. Chemist, Southampton. BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Warrington. Agents { SPEAKMAN a 7, Bridge-st., Runcorn.

TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE A,k for andt.k oo other. To WLE'SC HLORODYNE lIMEDIATELY T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE RELIEVES , TO WLE'SC HLORODYNE COUGHS, T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE INFLuEN"' BRONCHITIS, T LESC HLORODYNE 4,ONSUMPTIOIC,! TOWLE;SOHLORODYNE ASTHMA, T 0 WLE'S C HLORODYNE To WLE'SC HLORODYNE SPASMS, d:c. 134(1. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

" TOBACCONISTS commencing" hid. gnid (2'9 page) 34 TOB ACCONISTs. 00.-ISS, Euston-/ oad,London. manager, MY. MYERS Eat. 1866.

5. Lll hope of comfort in my home had died Hhtil the MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAP I tried.

Th.l:Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " oTauca WAIN; is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starched 1 nen, ,Vc.. either cold or boilieg water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Staub Gloss.'" From Mrs. Bradford : "Dear sir,— I air pktased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch °late@ and PLUshes. but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id. Sd., and 6d., by roost tarch seller.s. If not, in stock will procure it. T.. CRT RLizy. TilAnktmrn. Peoprietnr.—Aldet.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
hilmin4 dc,eeMi riAr Yowate44.

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING.

Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value tor yourselves.

Sold everywhere in packets, ls. lid. and 29. 9d., or post ire 14 or 34 stamps, J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST. BEADLE, MANCHESTER 'Osta Cborlton-rod

SOUTHPORT.

PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERNIS MODERATE. Hui-HEST REFERENCES. MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED Nußsßs. KNIYI RISLEY ROUSE. PARE-ROAD

===== 0002601_18950323_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

COLLISION BETWEEN STEAMERS.

On Saturday ink.rning a collision attended with some- what serious consequences occured on the Ship Canal, in Ince cutting, between Saltport and Etstliam,betweem the steamers Blackrock and Mersey. The former was loaded with coal, and was proceeding seawards, whilst the latter was eA route for Partington, to take in cargo. On teaching the place indicated they collided with great torce, and both vessels sustained very serious damage. One of the crew of he Mersey was injured, and his con- dition was somewhat critical. fle was taken to Liver- pool, where he became an inmate of the Southern Hospi- tal. The filackrec k i 4 the property of Messrs. A. Row- land and Co., Liverpool, a firm which is well knoan in Runcorn, and the Mersey had been chartered by thrM for toe purpose of ,arrying large consignments of cost' frmn PartingtQn t Be 'fast.

WOMEN AND WOMEN ONLY are most clmpetent t fully appreciate the pui ity, sweetness, and delicacy of !Curmoire SOAP, and to discover new uses for it daily. Irr the preparation of curative washes, solu- tions, kg.. for annoying irritations, chafings, and ea- coriations of the skin and mucous membrane, or too free or offensive perspiration, it has proved most grateful. Like all others of the CUTICURA preparations, CIITICCFRL Soar appeals to the refined and cultivated everywhere, and is beyond all cernparison the most effective shin-, purifying and beautifying snap, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet arid nursery.

..,,

I

I

Ebt 44 eyartiner " Annet -_

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. ming under the following heads are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for 0148 CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIwNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT. P•RTNERSIIIPS WAN .ED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WAIVED, .6pECIPIC ARTICLES YOB SALE BY PalvArk: CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOLTSEE AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Sia Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 16 Os 6d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 Os 9d ... Is led 3s Od 36 ls 0,1 ... 2s 6d 43 Od 45 54 Tbe above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per Insertion.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
idomtatr Otrbantss, sa.

WANTED, a good strong GENERAL SERVA.NT. --Apply ODDTELLOWS ARMS, Barlestown.

• • _ L °°d WilNstßToriN, RtzLearSlsivßaVrrAinligTb;—n.Apply STAG -

. _ ANTND a strong GIRL, about 15.—Apply 317, M AN- T CHESTER-ROAD, Denton, near Manchester.

WANTED at once a strong willing GIRL (young).—Apply Airs. WRIGHT, Huntchire, St. Anne's-on-the-sea. SNERAL SERVANT. good, Wanted.—Apply G. KER SHAW, Commercial Rote!, M iddleton, near Manchester-

GBNBRAL SEILVA.NT Wanted, good v.-ages, tor faruanouse work.— Apply Mazton ABBEY, Hale.owen, near Bir- mingham.

AA] ANIED, neral that win wash • wages Ss. ; good home IV —Address 6, ALFRED-STREET, uff. Great George s-street, 'S.iyercool. -- VTOMAN WANIED, as dinther'A help. one used to dairy V work preferred —oiAltux. ABBEY, tialetowen. near

===== 0002601_18950323_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Bir.mingbam.

VrANTED. SI ITATION as GROOM. can ride or drive, V good referenoe.—Apply T. OADSBY, Dariby Moor, 'loinston, Ashbourne.

ANTED a strong Respectable GIRL for liousework in V general ; a good washer preferred.—Apply at 1 ,RIX- Ro' .. Bootle.

_ NVA/N1 HD a good strong UlktLabout 18 as servant ; must have a good character, and be able to wash.—Apply 104, CaLITEPBORY-bTREET, Liverpool.

WANTED. NURSE HOUSRMAID. duties light, good wages to a suitable mald, age about 19.—Mrs. CLASSIC, 1114)Xi, v, Lymm, Cheshire. Beae.iie miorrc lie ruitpir ; LI 4.) Ue x6c'eKl I ejinHt u a twi onN' • T t.g Edgeware Road, Hyde Park, London.

OOKS Housemaid-waitresses, Hen- rals. WANT V experienced Coolce, Nurses disengaged. £2O to £2. excellent references.—PAL MEW', Broad-st , Hanley.

ITO URnSaR Servants stlitTedßESBooWaaanteende,ratmeLletellte.,i_auctire: CORBETT'S Registry, Prinees-street, Marieley, Salop.

*iksa.nCT wr Male end Fernal, Servanta.--Ali6s CHARLES, Artist in adies' Hair, Fancy Geode, for B.,zaar Catering Sce.-13 Legh-street, Warrington.

_ LL Classes Superior tiBIiVAINIIS W4...v.Ch0 ately for good reliable places. —Mrs. REID's Select Raizistry, Rusholerne, Manchester. Lod,ings secured.

WANT. S,rong Country GIRL as GICIURAL, one able to milk prefened ; one cow kept; only five in tamlly ; Wesleyans.—Sminr, 10. Irwell Park. Routes, Manchester.

CUITED SAME DAY. Hotel and private. FIFTY SER- VANTS WAN I ages 15 to 26. Country girls slaould go to Miss STOIKIVELL. 80a, DeAnsgate, Manchester.

ENT.— WANTBIJ. god Ueneral, age 20; io waaning k good home and waitPu to reliable person. Reference required.—Mrs. COUP. Wlnterhey-lane, flora near Bolton.

VrANTED a STRONG OhNERA.I., atze 20 or over able V to wash and l'OOlC A little, comfortable honr., reference required,—Mrs. KNOTT, 30 Lister-et., Stockport Road, Man- cheiter.

pEdlSTti Y OFFIUri tor Se.vants, airs. KENT. Main-st , 1 Frodsham. Warrington. Wanted immediately several -Cook-Generals, also an experienced Cook and liousemaidt • ' Waltrpaa wogp., £l4 to £9,0. W....a Lai) •le,:t4.ty limo ..s .NA NiaSIAN, mutt be a good Ploughman. and also h3VO a practical knowledge of Farm work in g.qieral. House and garden close by.—Apply James WAR BURTON. 'ollth-1031a Farm, Bold, Widnes.

;k I ALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-st., Liverpool. Estab. 1378.—F0r reliable, attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses. Message, .ply or telerrash. "Nurses." Liverpool. Tflephone, VC.

GAUD P;Niili (Head), age 30. A gent'eman will be pleas. d to recommend J. L tiamm.nd to any lady or gentle- man requiring the s-rvices .1 a thoreiili V PTanti,al man ; . six years' excellent cle.r,seter.—Adrtreis J. L. H smmox n .14 olm liii!. West Kirby, Cbest.ire.

iI\TIDLAND OFFIOE. DIAUDY.--Patronised 1.71. by nobility and gentry. --Wanted Cooks. £2O to £4:!; Kiteli nmaids, Scullerymaid., Parlourmaids, Housemaids. House Parlourmaids, Lauudrymaids, Under Nurses. All classes of Men Servants disengaZed•

VrANTED S ITUAT lON as Gardener, Helli-wo,king, 15,1 T years' tiorough pra•ltical experience In all branches of the profession ; aged 29, single ; tirst class recommends- Aloe+ from pre• ent and previous employers.—lt. THOMPSON, Ylorickley Hall Gardens, Doncaster. , . _ _ _

T ADY AGENTS, CLERKS. TYPE WRITERS, EAR- L/ MAIDS. DOMESTICS, LADY HELPS AND LADIRS i•of eve'ry discription (married or single) wanted immediately to send Large (2.1.) Stamped Directed knvelope for platlen- -1a also Illustrated Medical Guide, sent free.—YHE New )ORIC Dnuo COMPANY.—ReadIng.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
otonep.

EVARSIONS.—EI2.OOO to advance on Mortgage of 13eversions and Interest under Wills at reasonable rates of interest or will purchase for cash.—HEßßzwr 'Cr ARNER, 61, Lord-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY

A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at dinooal is opeu to advance Loans daily from £2 sea pwards. No f ees charged . No security required. Simply o , note of hand. Distance no object. —Apply personally or be letter to MANAGER. 28, Haydock-st Earlestown (private .house). Hours 9 a in. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- tied. Special terms to Farmers.

pool.

15S) U4LJSO IJAzili to -+JJVANQE,D. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOIE WITHOUT SURHTIBS. Upwards of E 70,000 now being lent. annually. Vor prospectus and terms, apply to 'GEORGE, PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STEM, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1810.

HE CONOMIC BANK (LD.) - 5n OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, ILD. Accoun'a opened with sums of El and upwards. 2} PEE CENT. interest allowed on deposits from date of deposit, repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. on minimum quarterly balance of current acc.aints. Cheques can be drawn for sums under El. All funds invested in first-class fealisable securities. No loans, discounts, or overdrafts No charge for keepunc accounts. Particulars free. dAMITEL GURNICV MAS3EY, Managing trustee.

_ __- WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. air R. JOHN R. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FEIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, a-ot all respectable lir aseholders, on their own security. aI`,NEY TO INCREASH YOUR STUCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONET TO PAY RENT OR DEETS. /Without Bondsmen, without delay, without DUblio enquiry, on y•nr simple written premise to pay back.—Apply Ct Vf4.l-• TORII,. CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WiDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, .aav Evening from fit 7. Applications from RUNCORN and —g-t-iiet generally reoeive precisely the same attention.

Dtitrlt

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £I,OOO. To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE. WRITTEN PROMISE TO RE-PAY. Without Snretles. Delay, Law Costs, Publicity. Also on Deeds. Life POICIeR. &c. nt 5 per cent. Repayments by 'Easy Insinlmentn Capital can remnin at Interest,. . This Office is a BOUR-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Fan partieulsrs from-- J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., Manchester Chambers, 46.5. Market Street. MANCHESTER

42niuration.

MMISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., PROFESSOR OF SINGING AND VOICB PRODUCTION on the best Bnzlish and Italian inethods.—Terms,lo. EOLD-STREV2 IVA REINGTON. - - - - _

LADIES' BOARDING SCHOOL, BROOKI,Ic-N, Greenbank Drive, Sefton Park, Liverpool, Resident French Govern Profestors. Weekly Boarders from £6 6s. Prospectus.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P.. F.R.G.S. VERY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATION,. Education tboroughly modern and comprehen-ive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in rilkinAton-road (near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (Inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus. &c., on application to Head Master. NEXT TERM BEGINS TITTBDAY, January 15.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE E 4 4a. PEU TEHM. THE NEXT TERM B4G INS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17rrt, Entrance Examination the same day at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Form. ot ApplicAtion, ic.. rnsy be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER. N.B.—There Is a Burdin House under the sanction 0 Govssors.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils, LI. Liberal Cominission.—Box 31, POST OFFICE Liverpool.

WANTRD,St.ffor,rs from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 T stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton. .

Chorley.

YOUNG MAN WANTED, 355. per week and commissi on. Regular work, splendid opening.—Address COMPO WORKS. Farnworth, 13,1t0n, Lancashire.

WANTED, 10,00) sUNLICiIIf and Llenßlltli soap WrappPra. 1,1i.d. dozen given. -C. iOXLEY, 18 Bel- grave Square, Beigrave-btreet. Birmingham.

I GliTsesAinKg a sicr SlTUATlON,entering. or n tooinApply SAMUEL PILLIP, Prinoe'•-st., Madeley. Salop.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition deIied.—GOLDBERG'B, Paradise-st. Liverpool. Established 1850.

WTANTRD to adopt a CHILD, must havea premium Happy home. Tradespeople ; thirty year's character No other ehildren.—Address M.A.C., 7, The Mount. York.

OBACCONISTS commenelng, Guidl (259 pages) I. 3d.—TOBACCONISTS' Co.. 186, Buston-road. London. Skob-fitters for ad trades.— Massager, lIY. MYER% Bat. 1866;

TsTANTED,—To purchase or exchange Household FURNI- TURE of every de-cription. in large or small quanti- ties ; sewing and wringing machines. Pest prices given Prompt cash.—Apply JoNEs, furniture dealer, Market-st., Earfestoon.

OggsS, -I.l4uftrp, &r.

SITTINGS of PITH& LANGSHAM (Crosd and Laycock's) 4s. M. Langeham Minorca, 3s.—Rev. RFES, Barmby Moor, York.

DHEASANTS' EGGS TOR SALE.— Fos price J. tebtimonials apply CowLEY BROS., Maw& eley, Ormskirk.

W COOK has few EGGS from his splendid Silver yr . Wyandotte. 4s. per dozen carriage paid.—CKEL- TON MINOR. MARSTON. BEDFORD.

TIIGGS.-Am bl,oking orders for eggs from my grand pen .L.. 1 of Peking, including drake winner firFt at Dairy. Price 7s. 6d. Daaar Certificate. LEVESON GOWER, College, Cirencester.

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BT THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO

CAPITAL £1.000,000. —E;i•Anti.n RD 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGEEY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Martial:taw-street Entrtaford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER r. B. FINLOW,Rookeey Bridge

Itatilantous.

JONES' FEMALE{ PILLS, "a Iflre remedy" in boxes 18. 11d. each.—JONES, 51, Butter? erlset-stret.

A NY PERSON'S character corroctly told from own hind- . Ll.. writing or photo. Fee ad.—FRANE IN 000. Win- cheap Canterbury,

STAIVIMEHING Cured. Any person afllliet-YI thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, ‘V !Ate Bridge Cottage. Newton- le-Willows, personally or by letter.

ON SALE, MANURTI WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Work sand Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOEIKING. 16, renwiek-Street. Liverpool.

WINRITG EXTRAORDIN !! ARY Bad writing rapidly improved by my Noted Postal System. Trial lesson. ls.—Professor Warxtiss, S4eciali t, Sydendam.

'I HE LATEST PUZZLE "The Twa Dogs," es mpla post I free for 3 stamps. Agents Wanted —Address HARRIS, WILCOX, and Co.. Brdington. Birmingham.

AW ARCED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME' MAKERS AND DECORATORS—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two millmn feet always in stosk. Veneered and fancy wcod mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every description. ideographs, Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps.' —ll. Moamm, 17 and 18. Great bt, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stook Ista and prices ot glass montbly,frae.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
0

EXA NI1NE1:, sATUTMA Y MARCH 23, 1895.

ffiatrtmonp.

Air ATltllklONY.—lntroductions arranged for all who wish .IVJL to marry.—For particulars send six stamps to MADAM DE ANN/9,80A, Deansgate, Manchester.

alts' bp faurtion.

Eibe.(ttork, Scr.

elheap Good bred PIGS, carriage paid,from healthy Bedford- IL/ shire Sties, from 14s. by B. B• GARR A.TT, Barton, Ampthill, Particulars sent.

TIOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved' One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and ret 111.—H ALL, 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

HORbkcS LOIN tiLOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market-46in. long. 331 u. wide, waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.—H. J. GibSON, Rye.

Ea be Let.

rro Lill—House off Bewsey-road (3 bedrooms), rent 45. 6d, —Apply Ashton and Woods, Solicitors. Horsernarket-it.' Warrington.

°UN° MAN wants to share his rooms. centre of War- rington.—Arldress Box 21, Eatntimer Office. Warrington.

HOUSES TO BI S LT. fronting Latchford locks; bay windove, lobbie t through and cheap ,rents.--S. J. SHAKESHAFT, Grappenhall.

ALL LETTERS TO BE ADDRESSED TO EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. T' "EXAMINER" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CHEiIIIRE COUNTY NEwsPapalts Comprise 'THE .WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE " EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. TIDE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON •` EX- AMINaIt." published every Friday afterno n. THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published 1. every Frida3 nfternoort. ' THE RUNCORN "EXAMINER" published every Friday afternoon ; and rrIIE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVEMISMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above mentioned Papers for Otifi CHAftWI, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATION, VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED. APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT. MISCELLANEOUS WANT'. HOU.',ES AND OTHER YREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Tire, biz Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. IS 'a 6.1 ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 35 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise matt inserted on credit under is. per insertion.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. TIIE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Single Sheet, sft. 3m, by 3ft. 91n. THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT.

A efONSTRB PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the LEVIATHAN" SHEEIB. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Prodneed in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. 16EXA3IDIElt " , STEAM 'TINTING WORK

BRIM! STREET. WARRINGTON.

Ottiqiral iinartiments.

apartrntntsllurntObeb 3k?ottses, Brr.

SOUTHPORT.—Superior Apartmenta ; Drawing room ; one or two bedrooms. Inclusive moderate terms.—Mrs. BRISToWE. 33, Avondale-road. off Promenade.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

GUION L' NE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

21ViCTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL J. W lE3I BELEY MUSIC BEL ER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, V lOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds or Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRR and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

-

===== 0002601_18950323_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, MARCH 23 1895.

Tim dispute in the shoe trade Lock-out in the Shoe Trade, has reached very large propor- tions. There are now, it is said, no fewer than two hundred thousand workpeople in this trade alone who are prevented from follow- ing their usual avocations and- earning their weekly wages by the " lock-out " which has been decreed by the Federation of Manufacturers. In the face of an announcement like this the first question which naturally arises in one's mind is, What is the cause of such a disastrous dislocation of trade? The question is, however, easier asked than answered. The dispute has not been brought about by any single or simple cause, such as a demand for an increase or a reduction of wages, or for longer or shorter;hours of labour. The shoe trade has been passing through a transition stage. Twenty or thirty years ago almost the whOle of the processes of making shoes were carried out by hand labour, but one machine has been intro- duced after another until now it appears that a well-equipped shoe factory is quite an arsenal of the most ingenious mechanism. In 1859 there was a long and bitter strike against the introduction - of sewing machines, but the workmen were beaten on that occasion, and it would seem that since then they have shown no great aversion to the use of im- proved labour saving appliances. As a matter of fact•they have had little reason to do so, as the trade has increased by "leaps and bounds," and has become one of the most prosperous in the country. We are told that while the hosiery trade in the neighbourhood of Leicester has io recent years steadily declined that of shoe- making on a wholesale scale has just as steadily improved, with the result that those who were formerly makers of hosiery now earn a living by undertaking one or other of the numerous separate processes by which shoes are made. In other respects, besides that of changing from a hand in- dustry to a machine industry, the shoe trade has been passing through a transition period. A quarter of a century or more ago, shoe-making, being a handicraft, was carried on for the most Part at the workman's own home, but with the advent of machinery that method of working has been and is still being gradually superseded by the more effective fac- tory system. It seems, therefore, that the differ- ences which have led to the present iock-out have been caused by the re-arrangements which were inevitable in transforming a large trade from a hand industry to a machine industry and in es- tablishing factory labour for borne work. So far as outsiders can judge this seems to be in a pre- eminent degree a dispute ix which the goodtffices of competent and impartial arbitrators should be invited. Unfortunately, however, the employers have so far positively declined to have anything to do with arbitration. It is riot easy to divine what their motives are for taking up this uncom- promising attitude. It is true, they allege that in previ9ui instances, in smaller disputes, the workmen have not always abided by the decision of arbitrators, but then, on the other hand, simi- lar charges are made against the masters by the workmen. In any case this seems but a poor pre- tence for subjecting hundreds of thousands of people to the dire destitution which will result from a prolonged strike. If arbitration were adopted on the present occasion it would be little less than a national affair, and public opiceion would almost as a matter of course be so strongly with the arbitrators that neither side could afford to

defy their decision. The President of the Federa- tion of manufacturers is reported to have said that when the workmen's union " have spent all their money they will not be able to run away from the conditions imposed upon them." If this pro- nouncement indicates the spirit in which the manufacturers have entered upon the conflict,there need be no surprise at their rejection of arbitra- tion. Arbitration might find a settlement of the grievances as to methods of work in the shoe trade, but it would not cause the workmen "° spend all their money." That is a different object altogether, as it really means the beating down of the trade union of the operatives.

Taxitz have been few more pithy Church Defence. and pungent letters written On

political subjects than that in which Mr. J. T. BaurrNmn, M.P., replies to the members of the Northwich Constitutional Club. The resolution which the " Constitutionalists "of Northwich forwarded to Mr. BRUNNER on" demned, as a matter of course, the Welsh Dia- establishment Bill, and, singular to say, one of the grounds of condemnation is that the measure will "inflict serious injury upon the poorer por- tion of the population." Mr. BRUNNER takes note of this remarkable allegation, and points out that the Bill makes large provisions for the interest of the poor by way of hospitals and trained nurses for the sick poor, improved dwellings, and so 00. And then he adds for the consolation of his "con- stitutional" constituents, "I think it extremell likely that before long a compromise will be effected on the lines of Mr. CILAMIIERLAIN'S letter to the Welsh editor, the Tory party throwing °Ter some of their principles to secure some of the funds, and the Liberal party giving way on the question of money for the sake of their principles? We do not cnow whether the members of the Constitutional Club will feel perfectly happy with this reply from Mr. BRUNNER, but they ought to do. If Mr. BRUNNER'S prediction be fulfilled, and we think it will, they will have the satisfaction ef knowing that their brother Constitutionalists in Parliament have succeeded in retaining for the Welsh clergy a large proportion of the "loaves and fishes," and at mil an easy price too—simply that of "throwing over some of their principles? An e3sier feat than that for modern " Constientionae lists" it Wetild be difficult to imagine. The defen- ders of the Welsh Church are, taking one thing with another, having a bad time of it just nolv• An eminent Churchman, Canon FREMANTLE, has within the last few days written a cogent and powerful protest against the methods of Chuln'''. defence that have been adopted. He declares that the movement is far too clerical to produce any conviction, and that it cannot but appear to the nation as an effort of the clergy to retain their position and privileges. He adds what has been often said before but which comes with ail the greater force from 'a Church clergyman, that the policy of Church defence is dragging tlle clergy down to the lower regions of politics, and that it associates them with a part 9 which has been the defender of class privi- leges. It would seem from what he says that matters have gone so far that churchmen are actually asked to pray for the temporalities of the Welsh clergy against the Liberal party. And then, unkindest cut of all, Canon FREMANTLE actuallY speaks disparagingly of the precious lectures On Church history which have beengiven so frequentlY of late. He declares that the history that i 5 dispensed by Church defenders is not true history at all, and only gives occasions for crushing rejoinders. This must surely be very discourag" ing to the youthful enthusiasts who think theY, are defending the Church by purveying perverten history. Canon Famsanms sees clearly enongn‘ the causes which have given force to the deniann for disestablishinetit. For the last sixty Years the clergy and the Church have been against (knn-icratic progress, the Anglican systoni. has become more exclusive, and the Church 01 England has assumed more and more the features of a sect and less and less those of a national boclY• The Church defence will, he foretells, not diminish but increase the alienation which leads to dis" establishment.

• The Conservative ieaders, Luro Ou.toOury and 3fr Balfour, did not take up a dignified position When waited upon by a deputation of thii Miners' Federation with regard to the Miners' Hours Bill. These two eminent men performed Os feat which is familar to politicians of no very good fixed opinion—that is to say, they " sat upon the fence " more or less ungracefully. But, after al" everybody knows on which site of toe fence Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour will come chwu when comes to a question of voting on the Eight llour,sci Bill. Toryism now represdots more than ever it di the cause of vested interests and plutocracy geilerii:- ly, and these are dead against the shortening of toe hours of labour. But doubtless the Tory leaders thought a little diplomacy might be usefully Or. ployed at the present time. The Miners' Federatioa represents a large number of votes, some of might, perhaps, be "caught by chaff" But there is little fear of the miners and their sympathisers be-

ing deluded by these studied ambiguities.

It is a stock argument against the closing Cl 4 public-houses, that such a proceeding cause a decrease of drunkenness in tne district. Although the proposition is absurd on the face of it it is frequently used by the supporters of the liquor., interest. The Lord Chief Justice, Lord Russell 01', Killowpn, is of a totally different opinion, howeve_At ' ' and at the Liverpool Assizes last week.he expre694 his pleasure that there was a decrease in drunkeV ness, which corresp,nded with a decrease in the' number of public-houses. This is evidence fro'l high authority, and as it comes from one of the highest representatives of the judicial bench, should receive the respect of the beer party, vitro belong to the party of "law and order" in th country. ,nda9

Not many people sat up in Warrington on So night,or rather Monday morning week to see the pie of the moon which then took place. It is all ver7 well to be entAusiastic amateur astronomers when the eclipse takes place before bed time, or even a midnight, but the enthusiasm " oozes out" cl; " pletely before two o'clock in the morning, at WiliCtd time the shadow first made its appearance, and watch it until the moon shone out in its full glerasi" again, which did not occur until near 6 0331' Iftbe; out of the question. The few who did see "lop eclipse describe it as a very tine sight, and at tuee period of total eclipse, the moon appeared t° 0 more than usually luminous, from the ametin right which was refracted through the earth's ° mosphere.

Sir Herbert Croft, the Inspector of Police for Northern Division, at his inspecl ion of the P°ll.l at the police station, was delighted w% the appearance of the men, but had nothing fault to find with the room and buiblingi• A be.tte'l., police station is without doubt required in WEI:11111,ga ton, and on the whole it would be better Town Council to attend to such necessary work 11. this, instead of spending hundreds and even tholc sands in pulling down walls which might be Landing for some time yet without doing &Lev" a pennyworth of harm.

If we may judge from the crowded meeting in the 'CO-nperative Hall, last week, there must be a Con- siderable amount of interest felt in Warring- ton in the crusade against anti-compulsory vaccina- tion. But perhaps some of the attendance was due to the fact that sensitive people were warned not to come, a warning which the was admirably calculated to whet ~curiosity of an inquisitive (public. The pictures =shown on the screen wars certainly of a character :which no one—not even the most seasoned—could 'look at with equanimity. It is a long time since '6° many odious, filthy pictures were exhibited in Warrington. The anti-vaccinists alleged that all the unpleasant looking pictures were those of children Who had been vaccinated, and that the ulcers and '3°res were the result of vaccination. It would, how- 'ever, be too rash to jump at conclusions, and before 't)rming a final opinion,it would be as well to heat What Dr. J. Guest Gornall has to say about the „.„ Zatter, at the lecture he promises to give shortly. Anere are certainly two sides to every question,and ualY one was heard on Monday evening.

--- 4rning fatalities have been very numerous in arrington of late,and it appears from a statement sof Mr. Coroner Brighouse at an inquest on Friday at the Infirmary that this is also the case in other Portions of S.W. Lancashire. He said that since the ,ecot:ltn,l2lenceraent of the present year, ha had sat at b inquiries into the deaths of persons who had ,seerl Severely burned. It is the custom of most tifeoPle to put their fire irons at one side for a time ~11iare. , ter cleaning them, and the hearth is thus left lu It is on these occasions that the fire is i,angerollB to young children. The jury at the t"Oquest referred to offered a very good suggestion .rl3l:ate this danger. They recommended that a pt.: guard, which would not cost much, should be ftt-eurecikand placed before the iire,while the usual e irons are put at one side. T. •

1 IN:' 18 SatiBfaCtOty to note that the Main Roads '''ainuttee of the Lancashire County Council are t,a,,i;_ing a move with regard to Halton's Bridge, 402:4eth• How long they will be before they com- :rllcult to say, .'„ece to straighten and widen the bridge, it is 've echeree, which atkao been but as they have offered an alterna- ch will reduce the cost, and which accepted by the Warrington Highway is probable that they will commence - i."'Y. The original makers of the road must have very little idea of protecting life and limb. To , e road is sufficient to condemn it, for not only Iva r.aere sharp, zig-zag curves, and a very steep ,„. client, but the road is barely wide enough to per- . i'hit two carts to pass. The only wonder is that ere are not serious accidents there every week.

RE INVESTED ONLY 7s. 6d. 'there is a man who has spent the past twenty-five Year. - of his Quee life exploring for gold and other minerals in nsland, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, arid New Zealand. He has no doubt picked up some yet he says that the investment of 7s. j. .'"etight him in bigger returns than any other he ever tnade, Ira, hold on a minute. Don't let us jump to the con- that we can all .et rich out of 7s. 6d. till we 'Way of ear her from this financier. He has a humorous like himPuttin a serious thing, for which we should aZ thge more. Some folk have no idea that d sense and genuine fun are twin brothers, but they are all the same. Our es friend's name is William Bromfield Peck, and he t v at iit. R. a 1,, -83 ell• New Zealand, a long way off. He says ati- ;''yelY country and intends to stay in it the bal- (4. nia days. As he landed in Australia from Eng- land, in 1 Pe° he has been there long enough to know eana What he is talkin. about. He advises persons of limited th _ uo would like to become small landowners to "4.l2grate to New Zealand. What Still, he reminds us that in the end we must pay for ▪ we get, 1 The calling of a prospector, for in said Mr. Pack," is ;11l of hard work. Besides, it en, rough living, such as salt junk, soddened • ,With tea in bucketfuls. One must have the di- ht of an ostrich or an anaconda to stand of the for long. It must therefore be taken as proof -e "good machinery inside of my system, when l ntion that I actu illy stood it for nearly twenty-five Yeask:, f:Y Ponishment was delayed, you see, but it didn t with' ag :At last the climax came, and I was prostrated BYlnPtooel nsising pain in the stomach and all the other Us% or of a profound derangement of all the diges• 'ertjoo ga'lls. I had to knock off work and °else all ex- rsori-d: I was imbued with disgust with all things Por 'fle: I be? iv that dyspepsia is responsible for a •ys ,10n of the world's suicides !" sar, p eell's a 4 t conjecture is exactly parallel with the fact triesse. forth in the official statistics of all civilised coun- bo 140 other disease so demoralises and depresses tcattlan nature. It attacks the secret strongholds of the biiistc.4 and drives people insane; it stupefies the sensi- it turns men and women into selfish, useless, acilas•atni ees ;t iintiels them to commit crime. All this in ke.11,-.°ll to their own desolation and suffering. Yes, k But o quite right. t the advi . get back to what he says about himself. 16 At I be ul)' •ce(4 a friend—Mr. W. Williams of this place-.- to 1_ 'axe the far-famed Mother Seigel's Curative t 0r,,0, what result did it have? I'll tell you :It has -"JcPmed me from a prematurely old man into one quite egenerated. aria a rapid eater and can't break myself of the zi;s'l.,nab't. --tie-I make it a point to keep a bottle by 7411a8 and an accasional dose when necessary to `'..rnite right. 40th can safely assert hat the investment of 7s. 6J. in , Thad e Seigel's Curative Syrup was the best I ever that,in all my chequered career. You may depend c 4 Prescribe this medicine to all and sundry people 84in contact with. Prior to using it I spent pounds 1 e ent tirnes,but only got partial relief. The Syrup these 74"ke stra;yht for the seat of the trouble. I pen ere ancea inst to show other sufferers the way out. ~„, • litteet th ' '''umber of respectable persons here who can fiko e truth of what I have written.—Respectfully NeW-zed) Wm. BaOMFIELD PECK, Russell, Bay of Islands, Weealarid• July 2nd, 1892." "On't esa and call for witnesses. Mr. Peck's tale is frank- kt• cla A tuh truth itself. We hold out our hand in greeting sea, Dyspepsia is a living death, and Mother 'he es new life. Millions sing that chorus. But are cTl.better eat slower. Write again and tell us you °lug so. Friend Peck.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ht-I;ch

i °6PIT,

--- w-a, SUNDAT.—The service at St. Th4imas's Conducted by the Rev. H. R. C. Vernomno.rel.t bi7f,_ , Hospital Sunday," collections were taken ar an, 41;nnos evening, in aid Of the Warrington Infirm_ ye_ero. 'tlee to al7- The rev, gentleman made special r t Instit._ !he valuable work which was being done .37. .th.iant tieh„4"L'on. which was needed at all times, and said i. sl3peal"le congregation would liberally respond to his h App,,, "eld Ik -T" PAROCHIAL COMMITTEL—This Committee p 7 tneetinSf at London Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath, inR ort'lla3', and the minutes were submitted to the meet- nctu,s.the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday. Mr. Eves O. yvPler,(l the ehair and there were also present:—Messrs. ~.14'zin, ipy'r:,4„'''EnPort Ashton Hayes, J. Hedgecock,T, Hamp- 4'orrin Tlain Richardson, T. 'Pearson, R. Roughsedge,W. 't ‘va,,,g`°o (inspector of nuisances).and J. Ashton (clerk). Nitte.., resolved that representatives of the press be petr- repolVo attend all meetings of the committee a o and FlOded4hrld PUblist) their proceedings unless specially ex. :he vh ,Y a vote of the com.nistee during any portion or any meeting —Mr. Newton's account for "as er„-",va, of night soil . was passed for payment—lt and '"'sed i:hat Gaskell-at. and Leonard-st., be lights Di enport and Mr. Hampson be deputed With t't tl,,i oflic :Is of the Corporation of Warrington, et thlipect t 0 the position of the lamps. On the motion that thSsarson, seconded by Mr. Hayes, it was decided Do% th' utstrict Council be urgently requested to op. Y. on at t4e/Ennsion of the 13orough boundaryofairVarrin he shoule, al inquiry to be held on April 2d and if onaso ucetri it necessary so to do, to oppose by . at StlCh ingllirV. —The minutes were pas3ed.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DRUNKENNESS.

Before Mr. F. J. Norman J.P., at Runcorn Police Court on Friday morning, Kerhane, Runcorn,was finad ss. including costs for being drunk in Waterloo- road at midnight. LONG SERVICE MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.

At Chester C;;We—d-ne-s-d-a-Y,The following volunteers be- longing to the Runcorn detachment of the 2nd Earl of Chester's Volunteers, were awarded long service medals: —Quarter-master Sergeant W. Hankinson, Colour-ser- geant James Most, Colour-sergeant J. Poole, and Bugler John Buckley. THE GRAVING DOCK QUESTION. .

Mr. F. A. Lake, law clerk to the Urban Council, has received an acknowledgement of his letter to the Man- chester Ship Canal Company, containing the terms of the Runcorn Council, with regard to the graving dock question, which were passed at the meeting on Monday night. The terms will be submitted to the directors at an early date. U.M. FREE CHURCH, RUNCORN. .

A largely-attended meeting of this class was held on Friday evening. rhe chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Stafford. Mr.l3entley went through a very entertain- ing programme, consisting of readings, recitations, &c., which were greatly appreciated, On the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Edward Jones, he was ac- corded a vote of thanks. BILLIARD MATCH.—RIINCORN V. CREWE. _ - .

On Wednesday the members of the Runcorn Liberal Club journeyed to Crewe to play a billiard match with the members of the Liberal Club at that town. Prior to the match the visitors were regaled with a good tea. The game was 150 up,and 12 aside. At the close it was found that Runcorn had lost by 105 points. The follow- ing are the totals : Runcorn, 1570, Crowe, 1675.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
U.M. FREE CROECH, RUNCORN.

The quarterly Meeting of the Christian Endeavour Society in connection with this church was held on Tuesday evening. The meeting was preceded by a tea at which ab3ot 100 sat down. The Rev. J. Stafford pre- sided at the after proceedings and delivered a very in- teresting address. Mr. Fowlds also addressed the meet- ing. Duets were tendered by Mrs. John Stubbs and Miss Guy ; Miss Emma Stubbs and Miss Newall. Miss Edith Wright recited. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.

Mr. T. Simister presided at the meeting of this society on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance. Toe subject for the evening's programme was' Answer- ing Questions." Mr. Lawton was held responsible. The questions asked were" Vaccination " ; " Does Science and Education lead to the proper care of the masses ?" "Ought bicycles to be taxed ?" and " What influence have the fine arts upon a nation." A discussion followed in which Messrs. T. Leach, William Massey, Leadstone, Jeffrey, Worrall, and G. Hayes took part. Sr. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS.

In connection with this class on Sunday afternoon an open meeting was held.- The chair was occupied by Mr. B. Kniveton, who gave a Bible reading. The Rev. J. Pulford Williams delivered an interesting address on "The head, heart, and hand." An organ and piano- forte selection was played by Messrs. William Cooke and G. Rowley,Mr. Edward Kniveton sang " 0 had I Jubal's lyre," Mr. Charles Atherton rendered " Jerusalem " with organ Gbligato, Miss Hayes sang" Welcome wanderer," and Miss Edwards gave "Rest." _ _

===== 0002601_18950323_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BAND OF DOPE ENTERTAINMENT AT RUNCORN.

.. In connection with the Primitive Methodist Band of Hope, Runcorn, an entertainment was given in the Greenway-road schoolroom on Wednesday evening. There was a good attendance. Mr. Reynolds occupied the chair and gave an excellent address dealing with temperance. A programme of songs, recitations and a dialogue was gone through. Songs were given by Miss Hillage and Miss Wright. Mr. W. Gittens gave a read- log, and recitations were contributed by :—A. Sayes, A. Stubbs, B. Stubbs, and L. flitchen. A temperance dialogue was taken part in by G. Aston, S. A. Aston, A. Hill, T. Spender and H. Smith. An address was also delivered by Mr. Sayle. VOLUNTEER SHOOTING CLUB, RUNCORN.

In the Drill Hall, Runcorn, the annual meeting of the members of this club was held on Friday evening, for the election of officers. In the absence of C.ptain George Ashton, through indisposition, the chair was occupied by Drill-Instructor Callighan. The president chosen was Major C. W. Hazlehurst ; vice-presidents, the officers of the Runcorn detachment, Captain Harrison of the I Company ,Quartermaster Han ki uson,Messrs. A. Ti m mins, W. B. Frith, G. Shone,with power to add to their num- ber ; treasurer, Sergeant J. A. Rushton ; secretary, Sergeant Woodland. Committee, Colour-sergeants Mort and Poole, Sergeants Edwards and Neild, Corporals Foulkes and Thompson,Privates Houghton and Garratt ; captain of the team, Sergeant Harvey. Matches for the forthcoming season were then arranged. SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. There was a very large attendance at the weekly entertainment given in the Seamen's Institute, on Tues- day evening. Mr. W. Shaw, missionary, presided. The programme for the evening consisted of a number of recitations and a reading which were illustrated by means of a number of views shown by the aid of a lime- light lantern. 'Mr. Flulse was the reciter and the pieces given were "Curfew shall not toll to-night," "The Li re- boat," "The Fireman's Weddings," and "A City Story." Mr. Byfield gave a reading. The lantern was manipul- ated by T. Bowyer, assisted by Mr. Ox worth. Votes of thanks concluded the meeting. _ _

Sr. PATRICK. The anniversary of St. Patrick was observed in St. Edward's Catholic Church on Sunday, when special services were held. In the morning High Mass was celebrated, at which there was a large attendance. The Rev. Dr. GastAdi delivered an interesting sermon on "St. Patrick," in which he dealt with the life of the noble saint in a v2ry eloquent manner. In the evening he also discoursed on the same subject to a large congreg- ation. There was a procession in and around the sacred edifice, in which the statue of St. Patrick was carried aloft by the members of the League of the Cross, whilst one of Our Lady was carried by the Sisters of Marv. After- wards about 30 Children of Mary were consecrated. ST. EDWARD'S LEAGUE OF THE CROSS, RUNCORN. A meeting of the members of this League was held on Saturday night. Mr. R. Clynch, president, occupied the chair, and delivered a lecture on the life of Saint Patrick, and also referred to the: great evils of drink. A vote of thanks was tendered the lecturer on the motion of Mr. J. R. Quinn, seconded by Mr. J. Loughna. The secretary (Mr. Quinn) informed the members that he had received a present of steel plate engravings to the Order, from Miss Much, High-street, Runcorn. A vote of thanks was ordered to be sent to Miss Much for her kindness. Mr. J. Ryan informed the members that they were about to lose their president (Mr. Clynch) who was removing to Rock Ferry. On behalf of the society he had pleasure in presenting him with a silver cross. Mr. Quinn spoke of the large heartedness of Mr. Clynch, and the sorrow they felt in parting with him. Mr. Loughna, Mr. Caskey, Mr. Dowd, and Mr. Ford, also spoke. Mr. Clynch suitably replied, and the meet- ing terminated. COMMENDABLE CONDUCT OF A FORMER RUNCORN

MISSIONARY. At St. Helens Police Court, on Saturday, before Alder- man Harrison and Councillor J. B. Leach,a middle-aged man named James Charley, of Cowley Hill, was charged with being a dangerous lunatic, It appears that bet- ween five and six o'clock on Friday night Mr. Mundin, the police court missionary, who for several years con- ducted the Shin Canal Mission at Runcorn, was passing the house 'of a man when be heard a setae going on.He inquired what was the matter, and being informed that Mr. Chorley was very violent he entered with a view to talking to him, and getting him to calm down. Mr. Chorley had smashed 's a window with his hasd, from which blood was flowing. Mr. Mundin tried to persuade him to have it bandaged, but he refused and continued his violence. Eventually for the safety of the family and after a struggle he was put into the street, where the police took charge of him. The evidence of Dr. Challoner on Saturday was to the effect that he had been called several times to the man, who had erronious ideas and was riotous. He had been getting slightly worse for eighteen months, and had been drinking excessively for the last fortnight. He was not responsible for his actions, and he (the doctor) would recommend that he be re- manded to the workhouse for a fortnight. —Prisoner said he was very sorry, it was through drink, and be would promise faithfully not to touch it any more.—The Clerk : He speaks rationally now.—Dr. Challener ;My opinion is that he is a dangerous lunatic, and not fit to he at large.—Prisoner was sent to the workhouse to be looked after for a fortnight. BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The Rev. W. George, through the illness of the super- intendent minister, the Rev. T. Brackenbury presido at the annual meeting of the teachers of. this school, on! Friday night. The *Secretary submitted his report, showing that there were 96 teachers and officers, and 511 scalars on the books, with an average afternoon attendance of 40 and 364 respectively. This was a slight decrease on the previous year, and was almost en- tirely on the female side, arid probably attributable to the falling off in the oopulation. The treasurer's report showed there to be a very satisfactory balance in hand, the results of the last anniversary having been excep- tionally good. 'rho reports were adopted. In accord- , ance with the regulation of the last Conference, two teachers were elected to represent the school at the central meeting, and the duty fell upon Mr. Joseph Fox and Mr. D. liisbrown. The election of officers &Sr the ensuing year resulted—Treasurer, Mr. A. R. Norman (who was thanked for his services during last year) ; auditors, the school secretaries; secretary of committee, I Mr. It. J. Norman, j.P.; superintendents, Messrs. J. Simpson, T. Simister and E. Taylor ; sscretaries,Messrs. Unsworth, J. Birkett, aud J.Povah ; visitors, Messrs. Kirkham, Lawton, James Jones, amd Brown. The re- port of the .ick club was presented,and it was intimated that it had been in existence Since 1522, during which period only three gentlemen had held the position of treasurer, and one of these, Mr. John Simpson. had occupied the offiee for over 35 years. As he desired to relinquish the treasurship, a vote of thanks was ac- corded to him for his long and valuable services, after which Mr. Simister was elected in his place. A conver- sation followed with regard to the anniversary services, and the Secretary reported that he had secured for this year the Rev. S. Chadwick, of Laeds.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. MARCH 23. 1895.

RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY.

As will be seen from an advertisement lit another column, the Runcorn Musical Society are to give their last concert of the season in the Public Hall, on Monday evening. The concert will consist of the performance of the Mendelssohn's " Hear my Prayer" and Spohr's "Last Judgment." This latter composition is the earliest of Spolir's three oratorios and was composed about the year 1825. It was first produced before an English audience at the Norwich Musical Festival in 1830 and was received with the greatest possible favour Since that time it has been performed repeatedly and has become very popular. The members of the Runcorn Musical Society have bestowed much time in rehearsing the piece, and there is no doubt that their rendition of it on Monday night will be a credit, alike to the conductor and themselves. The principal artistes will be :—Miss Hetty Creasy, Miss Amy Banks. Mr. E. Dunkerton (Lay Vicar Lincoln Cathedral), and Mr. Ben Grove (principal bass:Foundling Hospital, London). There will be a full orchestra and chorus of 120 voices, under the con- due orship of Mr. F. Crossley. RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

A meeting was held in Lacey-et. schoolroom, Widnes, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of appointing a committee to revise the rules of the Society. Mr. Sayles occupied the chair and there was a large attendance. At the outset, the secretary made a suitable reference to the death of Mr. J. T. W. Mitchell , president of the Wholesale Co-operative Society, and referred to the great interest lis had manifested in the cause of co-oper- ation,and instanced how,that he might further the prin- ciples of co-operation, he had declined to accept the honourable position of director of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Onthe motion of Mr. W. E Dudley, it was decided to forward a vote of condolence. After a short discussion it was agreed to appoint the following a committee to revise the rules of the Society :—From Widnes, Messrs. Cosier, Powlson, Hughes and Lloyd ; Runcorn, Messrs. Dudley, Moores, Stubbs and Riley ; with four members of the Co-operative Society's Coin- I mittee, • Messrs. Holt, Betney, Aston, Rogerson, and Upton (secretary). It was also decided that they should be paid 24. each per night,•and any expenses incurred. A harmonious meeting was brought to a close by the passing of a Tote of thanks :to the chairman, on the motion of Mr. Cosier, seconded by Mr. Aston. • Sr. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN.

The Rev. Thcmas Evans (London') delivered his popular lecture on the subject of " John Jones and John Bull" in the above place of worship on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance notwithstand- ing the inclemency of the weather. The lecturer said that John Bull was certainly the " predominant partner," but he was profoundly ignorant of John Jones. He gave many instances of this, particularly re- ferring to Lord Tennyson's poem where it is stated that the Welsh had not God's Word in their own language. Wales, he replied, had the Sacred Book in their own vernacular long before the poet was born, and its prin- ciples had become the very breath of the Welsh nation. Mr. Evans also gave an able refutation of the charge that Wales was a "nation of liars." It should be better known as the land of the white gloves. The judges had a holiday when they were sufficiently fortunate to be sent to Wales ; they being able to pass from county to county without finding one prisoner alarmed by the assize bugle. In one county there was no prison. He pointed out that the two faults which Wales had most to guard against were those of sectarianism and clannish- ness. The lecturer then discoursed with considerable eloquence on the virtues and failings of John Bull. He I described him as a noble fellow whose hand was ever in his pocket to assist distress. Yet he had need to learn wisdom sven,in his generosity. He might assist the working-man to protect himself against poverty by increasing his weekly wages. The Englishman, he said, was not clannish ; in many large towns, both at home and abroad, colonies of Scotch, Welsh, Irish, Germans, Sm., might be found, but John Bull could be a man amongst men. There were, however, several defects to which it would well repay him to give attention. These were a chronic state of grumbling, the enormous sum of money spent in the liquor traffic, the absurdity of caste, and the spirit of gambling which was fast becoming the curse of every class in English society. The Rev. John Simpson occupied the chair, and proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr. W. Carroll. On the motion ot Mr. Evans, supported by Mr. Hewitt, a vote of thanks to Mr. Simpson brought a very. pleasant evening to a close._

===== 0002601_18950323_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCO RN. Bs Otis RUNCORN CORIIESPONDENT.

The time at which the Runcorn Urban Council finished its proceedings on Monday night was per- haps phenomenal in the history of Runcorn. It was almost midnight when the majority of the councillors were able to wend their way home, I say majority advisedly, for it must be stated that a number of councillors—mostly "old hands "—de- parted soon after the Ship Canal business had been carried through, about 10.30 p.m. For three hours, from seven until t-,n o'clock, the Parliamentary ani General Purposes Committee which comprises the whole Couucil,had under consideration the terms of the Manchester Ship Canal Company with regard to what has become known as the Graving Dock question. As intimated in the last issue of the 'a Examiner "their proposals were, with the excep- tion of the provision by the Company of the grav- ing dock, in agreement with those of the Council. The provision of a graving dock • was however, a most important point and the committee were loath to give way in the matter. But, after all, they adopted the wisest course in freeing the Canal Com- pany of their obligation, for if the Company carry out what they have promised, the Council will not have come out of the arrangement empty-handed.

In addition to providing 600 feet of new berth- age, with 24 feet depth of water, the Canal Company are to put into working order the ship repairing slip at the Old Quay, with another slip- way at this point, and also to provide tips for coat and salt and several other conveniences to the advantage of the port. The accommodation for discharging and loading large vessels on the Ship Canal at Runcorn should prove advantageous to the town. There is every prospect that if the large ships navigating the Canal can be provided with good accommodation for unloading at Runcorn, they will stop here, instead of proceeding to Alan- chesth, which in many instances necessitates the cutting of the ship's masts in order to get under the bridges. The goods discharged could be sent to their destination, either by rail, or along the Bridge- water and Ship Canals in smaller craft. Runcorn would thus become a good distributing centre. Employment would be found for many of the •! out- of-works" and new industries might be introduced into the town.

When the Committee's terms, which will be found in another column, were submitted to open council on Monday night, Mr. Walter Collier moved an amendment that the agreement for providing a graving dock by the Company be not waived. The proposition did not, however, meet with much sup- port., for on a vote being taken, only four voted for it, and thus the Committee's.terms were carried by a large majority. The question of the provision of this large graving dock which was in substitution of others destroyed in the'construction of the canal, has been very prominent for some time, and the carpenters have kept the matter to the front. It is of course for the purpose of docking large vessels during repairs, and during construction. But the position of the graving dock, as stipulated in the agreement, would have been entirely on the wrong side of Runcorn bridge. Furthsr, in the construc- tion of large vessels, iron is now fast superseding wood, and it is questionable whether the graving dock would have been as useful as stated. At any rate the Council have asked the Company to reserve land for the purpose, and if there is any hope of a graving dock becoming a useful and profitaMe con- cern, it will without doubt be constructed.

--- It was 10.30 p.m. on Monday evening when the Urban Councillors of Runcorn commenced to take into consideration Mr. Wilson's motion for the powers of the Burial Board to be transferred to the District Council. ,The lateness of the evening did not deter the members—more especially the newly- elected members—from discussing the motion. They stuck to their guns until 11.30, when they agreed to the transference by ten votes to two. It may be thought by some to be ecmomical and good policy to bring the business of the Burial Board under the management of the Council, and thus .make a step towards the centralisation of these little bodies, but it is questionable whether a sug- gestion which was brought forward in support of the motion that a plot of land adjoining the cemetery c.uld be used as a recreation ground, is feasible. What would be thought of one of the most solemn of services being interrupted by the noise of youths, who were playing, say, at football P Fur- thermore, playing balls and other articles would surely be driven into the cemetery with the usual scramble after them. It is also stated that in a short time the land will be required for burial pur- poses, and any expense in converting the field Into a playground would then be a loss to the rate- payers.

You ought always to know what you put into your stomach inthe way of medicine, unless it is precribed by a physician Don't take secret m xtures. They are either dangerous or worthless. Take a remedy like Scott's Emulsion, whose Ingredients are all known to the medical professirn, anp whose formula is endorsed by the whole medical w0r1d,(9.)

===== 0002601_18950323_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950323_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RATEPAYERS' MEETING AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday evening a meeting of ratepayers was held in Bethesda Lecture Room, Runcorn, for the ap- pointment of overseers, &c. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. Flandley, and there were also present s.—Dr. McDougall, Messrs. E. Imison (overseer), J. R. Deges, James Lea, Crowley, T. Cook, and W. Sutton (assistant overseer).

===== 0002601_18950323_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS.

Messrs. J. K. Digges and J. Poole were re-appointed to audit the accounts of the Burial Board. It was also decided on the motion of Dr. McDougall, seconded by Mr. Cooke, that the accounts be produced to the auditors on the 4th April, and the adjourned vestry meeting be held on the 18th April.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
:T RE APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS.

The Chairman said that might be the last time they would have the opportunity ot appointing overseers at a meeting like tbe present. Under the Local Government Act that duty was vested in every Parish Council, and the parish meeting in the smaller villages ; but the Urban District Councils were left out of the Act, and unless the District Council took the initiative in asking the Local Government Board to give them power to ap- point the overseers, they were unable to do so. The RuncorirDistrict Council was, he understood, to Con- sider the question at the next meeting, and very likely the Council would want to nut themselves on "all fours " with the Parish Councils. It WAS, therefore, very probable that they would not have to make any ap• plication to the justices in future years. Personally he thought they ought to let the existing overseers be the last overseers for the town, seeing they had done their work with such satisfaction to the ratc- payers. (Hear, hear.)—Dr. McDougall proposed the fol- lowing gentlemen from which the magistrates should make the appointments :—Messrs. E. Imison, S. Taylor, James Pritchard, William IMellor, Richard Morris, John Savage, Walter Collier,and George Hewitt. He said they were all business men and well acquainted with commer- cial matters. If that was the last list they would have the opportunity of submitting, let them hope that the next election, even if on a more popular basis, would be made with the same judgment as had been the case dur- ing the last 26 years.—Mr. Digges seconded the proposi tion which was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS

Mr. Irnison submitted a stat,qnent of the overseer's accounts for the year ending March 25th, 1895. From this it appeared thatifthe receipts were :—Balonce in hand, March, 1894, £6BB 12 101 ; the poor rate of 10d.in the £ levied in April,lB94,realised £2,352 16+.3 1., land the one in October, 1894, of a shilling in the £ rea- lissd £2,777 ; voters' lists sold, £1 ss. ; bank interest, 17s. 7d. ; total, £5,798 11s. 81. The payments were:— Justices' cieriCs lees, £lB 7s. ' • use of vestry room, £1 103. ; office rent, £35 ; registration of voters, £7O ; stationery, stamps, jury lists, assessment overseer's salary and sundry ex- penses, £271 7s. Bd. ; Runcorn Burial Board, £lBO, Runcorn School Board, £1,000; Runcorn Board of Gus.- dians, £3518; estimated balance in band, £7OB 75.; I total, £5,798 11s. Bd. He wished to thank MA McDougall, and the Chairman for the kindly way in which they had spoken of himself and colleague. They were sorry that the past half-year had been a most try- ing one, owing to the poverty which had prevailed. It had been difficult to get the rates in the same as in previous years. With light rates and other advantages they hoped to attract works and manufacturers to the town whicn they so much required. (Applause.) - •

A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. Imison, seconded by Mr. Davies. The Chairman responded, and concurred with the expressions of hope made by Mr. Imison as to the presperity of the town and district.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL.

At Dutton workhouse on Tuesday, the fortnightly meeting of this Council was held. Mr. Knowles occu- pied the chair and there were also present :—Messrs. J. Weir, C. W. Davenport, T. Wright, T. Lewis, C. Roylance, J. Darbyshire, J. Parr, H. E. Heywood, S. Woodward, J. Spruce, W. Pickering, G. Pilling, W. Bradford, J. Brandreth, W. Holt, E. Wallington, E. Bratherton, J. B. Chadwick, J. M. Williams, A. Green. way, W. Ellison, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk) and Mr. J. Farrington (nuis- ance inspector). •

THE PROPOSED _EXTENSION OF WARRINGTON BOROUGH.

The Local Government Board intimated to the Council that a formal enquiry into the'proposed exten- sion of the borough of Warrington would be held4at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday, April and in the forenoon.—The Clerk stated that he saw Mr. Potts, the previous day at Chester to inquire what they were going to do in the matter. Mr. Potts told him that the Cheshire County Council were going to oppose the extension,and would be represented by counsel, and Mr. Potts suggested that one would be sufficient for the County Council and the Rural Council. —A petitition from Appleton with 400 signatures against the borough extension was handed in and read. —The Clerk asked for a small committee to be appointed in order that he might consult them as to what steps should be taken to oppose the extension. It was decided that Mr. Davenport, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Brandreth, and Mr. Bradford should form the committee. THE COUNCIL'S INDEBTEDNESS.

A communication was read from the Public Works Loan Board calling attention to an amount of £179 6s. 11d, due to the Board on the 6th inst., and re- questing that the a nount be paid. If the amount was riot paid during the present month their Board would be specified in the annual report to Parliament as in arrears on the 31st inst.—Mr. Brandreth said the amount and others could not be paid because the Council had not got the money. This was owing to the Township of Frodsham not having paid a sum of £4OO which was due on January 4th.--Mr. Williams stated that Frodsham WAS in the same position as Runcorn. There depended upon the chemical works and kindred industries in the neighbourhood of Weston and Runcorn, 50 or 80 persons for their employment, and there had also been a large number of men out of employment for a great number of weeks. It was impossible to get the money in. The bellman was sent round last Saturday threatening that , those who did not pay their rates would be "run in," but this had not had the desired effect. Mr. Jones, the assistant overseer, had told him that he had got a certain amount in, and this would be placed to the credit of the Council as soon as possible.—ln answer to Mr. Darby- shire, the clerk stated that the auditor would not sanc- tion an overdraft at the bank.—The Chairman said the rates should be paid in.—Mr. Braudreth said Frodshain was always behind with its payments.—Mr. Heywood thought it would be wise to write to the Parish Council on the subject, as that authority would have the appointment of the overseers and assistant overseers.— Mr. Darbyshire said the Council must either have the m)ney or have an overdraft.—Mr. Brandreth said the overseers ought to have a banking account, and they should have an overdraft and not the Council.—lt was ultimately decided that the Clerk should write the over- seers on the matter.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MEDICAL OFFICERSHIP.

On the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Williams,it was decided that Dr. Adams he reappointed Medical Officer of Health at a salary of £l2O per year.

eEWELIS.

The Incorporated Association of Municipal and County ' Engineers had forwarded a copy of a mem wial to the Local Government Board praying them to support the Bill to amend the Public Health Acts with respect to sewers.—On the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Woodward,it was decided that the seal of the Boara be affixed to the petition.

TEE ILIGLIWAYS. Mr. Brandreth gave the report of the committee ap: pointed to consider the taking over of the highways by the Council. They held a meeting on the 12th inst. at Daresbury. They got reports from other districts as to what they intended doing, and on the motion of Mr. Knowles, seconded by Mr. Williams, it was resolved that Mr. Ashton should Ibe the Clerk of the . districts , in the Runcorn Union after the 25th March and that he should receive in respect of the additional:duties such remuneratim as the Runcorn District Council might de- tertnine. In dismissing the three clerks of the Highway Boards of Daresbury, Eddisbury, and East Bucklow, some compensation would have to be given to them. With regard to the sarveyors, Mr. Diggle and Mr. Swin- ton had been present that morning, and after a long discussion it was resolved that the district be divided into two sections, and that Mr. Diggle be appoiuted for one section, and Mr. Swinton for the other. The cost of surveying in the past had been £2OO. They proposed that the two gentlemen should take over the drains and sanitary matters connected with the district, and that they should give each of them £l2O per annum ; £BO for highways and £4O for the sanitary work. Lle,therefore,proposed that the report should be received and adopted.—Mr.:Fleywood seconded, and the motion was carried.—Mr. Woodward then moved that a notice lof termination of the offices be given to the late three clerks and to Mr. Burgess,one of the late surveyors who would not be re-engaged.—M.r. Brandreth seconded.— The motion was carried.

SYRETTON WATER SUPPLY. On the motion of Mr. Heywood it was decided that the Parish Council of Stretton be appointed the parochial committee of tto tswnship, in order that they might deal with the water supply. •

IRE INUISANCE INSPECTOR'S REPORT. Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspector) reported a nuis- ance near to the sewer outfall at Wilderspool. Owing to a conflict ot opinion as to the Council's boundary,the Inspector was instructed to make enquiries, and report to the next meeting. Ile also reported a nuisance arisg ing from detective drainage to premises at Newton-by- Daresbury, and stated that he thought he could induc- tile agent to make the improvem,iit without a noticc, iseing served. This was considered satisfactory. Tlie Inspector further reported that the same nrernises were without a water supply, and be was instructed to brine this matter also under the notice of the agent. This concluded th:.• business.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL AND RUNCORN.

THE URBAN COUNCIL'S DECISION.

A special meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, on Monday evening, for the purpose of consider- ing the advisability of amending the agreement of let September, 1890, re the Graving Dock, &c., and the consideration of the Canal Company's proposals ; and further to determine upon a motion proposed lay Mr. Wilson for the transference of the powers of the Run- corn Burial Board to the District Council from the 25th March. The meeting was of a protracted character, it being after eleven p.m. when the Council rose. Mr. E. Imison, J.P., presided, and all the members of the Coun- cil were present,viz. :—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi,Dr. McKenzie. Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C." J. Pritchard, F. Wiswall, J. W. Lightburn, J.. Wilson, G.' H. Kirkham, R. H. Posnett, W. Collier, H. J. Grine, G. Hewitt, M. Sweetman, T. Dean, D. Bisbrown, J. W. Williams, with Mr. Lake (law clerk), Mr. E. Marshall (secretary), and Mr. Barker (surveyor). ! The following is a copy of the letter received from the Canal Company The Manchester Ship Canal Company, Secretary's Office, 41, Sprihg Gardens, Manchester, March Bth, 1895. Dear Sir,—l now beg to hand you as promised the terms , which were agreed to at the meeting with the members : of your Council at Bridgewater House yesterday, in order that you may submit them to the special meeting , of the Council which it was understood would be sum- moned to meet on Monday next. (1) The Runcorn District Council to waive and fore- : go completely all claims to the provision by the Canal Company of the Graving Dock named in clause 2 sub- section a, of the agreement of the let September, 1890. , (2) Until the wharf referred to in clause 2, subsec- _ .

tion e, of the said agreement is !provided by the Canal Company, the Council to have the privileges granted by clause 3 of the agreement. (3) The Canal Company to amend and put into working order the ship repairing slip, late in the occupa- tion of Messrs. Brundrit and Hayes, at the Old Quay, Runcorn. The said slipway to be made with six ways, and' so that it can be used for three vessels of 130 feet in

length. Steam power to be provided for working the carriages on the said ways. All other proper and neces.- sary machinery, fittings, and appliances, for drawing vessels up the said slipway to be provided in connection therewith, including the use of sheds for materials and tools, appliances for steaming or storing planks, pitch boiler, etc., on reasonable terms. _ _ .

(4) Another slip way to be provided with steam power, either at Castle Rock or Old Quay. (5) The small graving dock near tlsesouth end of the bonded warehouse to be maintained in its present con- dition, and for its present purposes as a graving dock. (6) The public to be allowed to regulate for the use of the said slip ways and graving dock named in para- graphs 3,4, and 5 thereof, in turn with the Canal Co. or others, in the order they may enter in a register to he provided for the purpose. The rates to be charged to the public for such use shall be as follows :—Vessels of 150 tons register and upwards 20s. first day,and 10s. per day thereafter. Vessels of 100 tons register and under 150 tons, 15s. first day and 7s. 6€l. per day thereafter. Vessels of 50 tons and unregistered vessels, and under 100 tons,lo3. for the first day, and ss.per day thereafter. These rates to include the use of steam power,and tackle for drawing vessels up to the said slip ways and back to the water, and for filling and emptying the said graving dock, but all labour, except the services of an engine driver, is to be paid for by the owners of the vessels. The Canal Co. are to undertake no recponsibility in con- nection with the docking, or undocking or otherwise handling the slips. _ _ . . .

(7) The Canal Company to erect at their own ex- pense over the Bridgewater Canal at Halton-road Wharf a footbridge. The fabric of the bridge to be provided by and at the expense of the District Council or other persons, but the abutments and all other works to be provided by the Canal Company. (8) The Canal Company to provide 600 feet of new herthage with 24 feet depth of water, the said berthage to be inclusive of 50 feet alongside the existing Bridge- water jetty, which will be provided by deepening the portion in front of that jetty which has hitherto not been dredged to the full depth. The remainder of the new berthage (i e. in addition to the 50 feet above men- tioned) to be provided by erecting four jetties with 20 feet face to each, at intervals to the westward of the ex- isting Bridgewater jetty. A coal tip is also to be pro- vided by the Canal Company at the westerly end of the new berthage. (9) The Canal Compan-7 to have the option of sub- stituting other equally good accommodation within the Runcorn district for any of the graving slips, subject to reasonable approval by the Runcorn District Council of the new site or sites, and in default of agreement as to such new site or sites, the matter to be settled by arbi- tration. New slips to be provided before old ones done away with. (10) The proposed works to be proceeded with forth- with after the completion of the agreement, and com- pleted within nine months from the date thereof. am happy to inform you that at a meeting of the Board held this afternoon, these terms were reported by the Chairman and confirmed, and lam instructed to say that it is the intention of the directors to take into con- sideration the provision of such further accommodation as may be found necessary to deal satisfactorily with the .business of the port. . _

- The Council may 615- upon the Company pushinz on the works now agreed to with all possible speed. Yours faithfully, A. 11. Whitworth, secretary—F. A. Lake, Eq. Mr. P. Speakman proposed that the term; contained in Mr. Whitwnrth's letter of the Bth March, 1895, for the alterations of the agreement between the Manchester Ship Canal Co. and the Roncorn Improvement Commis- sioners dated the first day of September, 1890, be accepted subject to the following explanations or altera- tions thereof:

That the Council agree to waive the formation of the graving dock mentioned in the agreement of 1890 on condition that the Comgany agree to sell or let a portion of land at some point west of the Railway Bridge within the Runcorn district, adjoining the canal, suitable for the formation of a graving dock equivalent in size to that mentioned in the said agreement, such vie or lease to he to the District Council or their assignees or nominees. The right to take such lease or purchase to be exercised within the term of ten years from the date of the proposed agreement. The site and price or rent to be settled in default of agreement between the parties by arbitration. Item 2. The making of the wharf and works referred to in clause 2 (e) of the said agreement is not to he in definitely postponed, but to be made on or within six months notice from the District Council given at any time hereafter. The rights of user and privileges granted hy clause 3of the said agreement to include the time from the opening of the Canal to the execution of the pro- posed new agreement. The sub-section sof section 79 of the Company's Act of 1885, giving free use of canal for nightsoil, Sz.;., to in- clude freedom from lockage tolls, as the vessels used for such purposes would be within the dimensions mentioned in the 2nd sub-section of the said section. _

',ems, 3 and 4. The slip ways to he provided with cradles or carriages for the carriage of vessels from and to the water.

Item 7. The Company to maintain this bridge. Item 8. • Plans of the proposed new berthage jetties and coal tip to be submitted for approval of the District Council. The coal tip to he capable of loading nat less than 1.000 tons a day. MI costs to he paid for by the Company. lie also proposed that the following gentle- men form a Committee to wait upon the Canal Com- pany: Messrs. Speakman, Lightburn, Imison, Taylor and Pritchard.

n moving the adoption of the report Mr. Speakman said he had great pleasure in doing so. The subject had en- gaged careful attention of the Council for a considerable time. They felt the importance of this settlement and it was decided by almost the unanimous voice of the Coun- cil. It was not from any want of feeling that they had a bargain—a tight bargain—with the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Circumstances had arisen which caused them to feel that it was better to be wise in all their un- dertakings than otherwise. (near, hear.) They had at the present moment a very serious state of deprmsien, which be hoped would soon pass away. As far as he I could help forward—and he was working in that direc- tion—he should lose no time in bringing about something that would assist them materially. The view of the committee was that the Ship Canal had made an agree- ment with them, and a binding one, for the graving dock, and whilst they felt they had a binding agreement with the company, they also felt that there were other interests that they thought would tend to a greater am- ount of labour, if they were carried out. Such was the conclusion they had come to in the report they had brought before them that night. He felt sure that the future of Runcorn, if it was anything like what was premised as to large ships coming up, the question of a graving dock would force itself upon the Ship Canal Company. Such bad been the case in Liverpool on the Mersey Harbour Board. It was important that they should have within a very short space of time the slip wave put in which were named in the report, and that they should have an extended lay-by, whereby vessels would not have to stay at Saltport, but come into their district, whereby they would have the advantage of them, and if se,they would have additional employment for their labourers, who wanted work. Mr. Pritchaed seconded the motion. One immediate benefit would, slid, be that work would be commenced almost immediately, arid they had a hope that it• would tend to the lessening of the depression. The work had to be completed within nine months.

Mr. Collier moved as an amendment that they adhere to the conditions contained in Mr. Lake's previo.v, let ter to Mr. Collier, M Manchester. He was not speaking his individual opinion, because he knew the committre had met from time to time and had given the subject mature consideratioi., hut now they had upset all their calcula- tions, They had no right to. waive the provision of the graving dock altogether. He thought the Ship Canal

Company had not o/ered any reasonable excuse why their agreement should be cancelled. Mr. Dean seconded. Mr. Lightburn thought if: Mr. Collier had been there at the commencement of the proceedings, and had beard the arguments used, he would have had sufficient intel- ligencejnot:to move that amendment. Mr. Once thought, taking all the circumstances into consideration, and without going into the particulars, with whicn they were all well acquainted, as to the state of trade, &c., that the committee had done the best they could for the town, and taken the wisest course in adopt- ing the recommendations placed before them.

The Rev. Dr,Gastaldi said he had become converted to

what he considered the right pa9b. He was desirous that their decision should be for the greatest good to the greatest number, and under present circumstances they should accept the proposals contained in the recom- mendations decided upon by the committee. Mr. Bisbrown thought he could claim the question as his in a peculiar sense. Through thick and thin for a number, of years he had brought the matter before the Board and pressed it forward for solution, and he was free to admit that he never approached a subject with a . keener sense of responsibility than that, and yet he had not the slightest doubt that what they proposed doing , was the right course to take, considering the ix collar circumstances and the financial position of thjs Ship Canal Company. He thought they were acting on the principle of the greatest good to the greatest number. They were acquainted with the well known fable of the dog which snatched at the shadow and missed the sub- stance. He thought their wisest course was to accept the proposals, for he believed it would not only give employment to a large number of shipwrights,but boiler makers and painters would be engaged. Mr. Bythell said at the Bridgewater House that they would corn- mence the work at once, and also remarked that they had a large fleet of dredgers, pontoons and steamers, which would be repaired in the town. That wodld give employment for a great number of men. On the amendment being put Messrs. Collier, Dean, Sweetman and Kirkham voted for it, but the other 14 members present voted in favour of the original resolu- tion. It was thus carried 11V 3 votes to four. THE QUESTION OF T AKIN], OVER IDE BURIAL BOARD.

Mr. Wilson moved "That under Section 62 of the Local Government Act. 1894, it is resolved that the powers of the Runcorn Burial Board shall feie transferred to the District Council as from the 25th day of March inst." He thought it was a thing they ought to do. Some people who were always looking into the past,said they were taking a leap into the dark, but in this pro- gressive. age they should let the dead past bury its dead; ' they should go forward in the spirit of the times. Mr. Collier seconded.

The Rev. Dr. Gsstaldi thought it was a very geod thing that the proposition should have been brought for- ward, and he supported it. Mr. Speakman regretted exceedingly that the metion had been brought up at an late an hour, when the great body of members had left in consequence of being there go long on the previous subject. Be thought Mr. Wilson was quite within his rights, having given notice of the mfetion, but for the Council to act in that manner,when the case had not been put, nor the figures properly stated, he had no hesitation in saying that during the 20 years he had been connected with the Board he had never known such a leap in the dark as the present one. They had in the secretary of the Burial Board an aged servant of the town, and to disturb him was the greatest possible unkindness. The Council had a great amou as of work on its hands, not only now, but more w u quickly coming upon them. Then again,it would meag an additional burden on the ratepavers. for the raisin of the money for the maintenance of the cemetery would be transferred from the poor rate to the general district rate. Yet that action was called progressive. He did not oppose the question from a parsimonious spirit, but because the case had not been made out. Mr. Posnett thought that the remarks of Mr. Speak- man should not go without some reply with regard to the disturbance of the secretary of the Burial Board, the remarks were not warranted, and especially after Mr. Wilson had elven such a lucid explanation. Therefore, he thought they should not go uncentradicted. The motion made it dear that there would be no disturb- ance of the secretary of the Burial Board,and he did not see why such a statement should he dragged in. Then Mr. Speakman had referred to certain members being away. If they did not think it of sufficient importance, those who had gone were themselves responsible, and it was a matter tor the ratepayers, and not f r those mem- bers nre.ent to discuss. With regard to the point about an additional burden on the ratepayers,he (Mr. Posnett) did not think such would be the case. He thought Mr. Wilson in moving the resolution in committee made it I:Trier:Hy clear that pltimately there would be a saving to the ratepayers of something like £5O a year. The change was putting the Cemetery on a more democratic basis. He added he for one 114 d been very !much inter- ested in the obtaining of a recreation ground for Run- corn. He remembered saying to Mr. Wiswall that he would do ell he could for getting the site of the Ceme- tery foe the children. He thought that by placing the BuriAl Board in the hands of the Council they would I have better opnertunitieS for dbtaining, that greund for the people of Runcerra as a recreation ground. He gave those fur or five reasons in support of Mr. Wilson's m .

The Chairman thought it was a little un- reasonable to be debating the subject at so late an hour as eight minutes past eleven o'clock. He must congratulate the members on their physical endurame. He never heard such a subject introduced with less arguments or less information behind it. He was inclined to think that the recreation ground had more to do with the subject than anything else. He ventured to think that when th ground became t lie Property of that Council they would take the same views as the E-urial Board. The Council appeared to be dis- playing a voracious appetite for work. He thought they would bave plenty to do for the next twelve months but if they were ready to take over those works, no one would dispute their rights, but they would question their wisdom.

Mr. Wilson having replied, the following members v6terl for the proposition :—Messrs. Wiswall. Wilson, Kirkham, Posnett, Collier, Sweetman, Dean, Bisbrown, Williams, and the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi (10) and Mr. Spealiman and the Chairman voted against. This concluded the business about half an hour befor midnight.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN PUBLIC-ROUSE TRANS- ACTION.

In the Nisi Prius Division of the Liverpool Assizes on Monday, before Mr. Justice Lawrance, the case of Guzz- well v. the North Cheshire Brewery Company, Limited, came on for hearing. The plaintiff in this case was Cap- tain Guzzwell. of Grimsby, and the action was brought to recover £lOO and the return of a promisors' note for £l4O from the defendants, who, however, denied that the money was repayable, and counterclaimed £lOO for breach of covenant. Mr. Mulholland, Q.C., and Mr. florridroa appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Bigham, Q C., and Mr. LAZtrus-Langtion for the defendant com- pany. whose offices are in Macclesfield, Plaintiff said that having seen an advertisement res- pecting a splendidly fitted-up public-house to let near Runcorn and close to the Manchester Ship Cenal, he went down to see the place with Mr. Harrison, of Old- ham-st., Manchester. Plaintiff took his wife with him. They were led to believe that the place was doing a good : business, and that it would improve when some .works , were finished close by. In the end he consented to pay £175 for the inventory and goodwill, and £73 for the stock, on the understanding that he could give the house up after a month's trial and have his money returned. He then signed an agreement,which he did not read,and which was not read over to bun. Ile paid £lOO down. and along with his wife signed a promisory note for £175 At the end of a month's time plaintiff was dissatisfied and gave up the houso. He claimed the return of the money. hut the defendant company would only give him £132 for what he had agreed to pay £248. He stated that he signed the agreement on the advice of Mr. Harrison, who said that he was acting for him as aeent, and to whom £l2 was paid as commission.— Cross-examined, plaintiff denied that the agreement was read over to him in the presence of Mr. Harrison and Mr. Edwards, the manager of the defendant com- pany. Mr. Bigham ridiculed tha idea that the defendants would make a sale of the house,turn out their manager, and go to the expense of having an agreement drawn up, on the understanding that plaintiff, if he did not like the bargain, could go out, leave the place empty, , and have his money handed back to him without the crmpany deducting a penny. No such thing was agreed upon, and not a word of it appeared in the agreement which, it was contended, was read over to the plaintiff before he signed it. _

Walter ffarrison nenied that he had promised that the defendant would return plaintiff his money if in a month's time he did not like the house. ‘Vitness read the agreement over to plaintiff, and also told him that he had read in the papers that there was to be a graving dock in that neighbourhood. His Lordship said that the only question for the jury was whether there existed a contract entitling the nlaintiff to have his money back and to give up the house if he did not like his bargain in a month's time. The jury found for the defendant company.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EAST BRISTOL ELECTION.

Sir W. A. Wills, the Liberal candidate, was on Thurs- day elected member of Parliament for East Bristol. in succession to the late Sr Joseph Weston,receiving 3,740 votes, as a2ainst 3,808 votes cast for Mr. H. H. Gore, the Independent Labour candidate,

_ To Mot [ERs. —Mrs. Winslow's. Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect suecess. It will relieve the war sufferer immedidely. It is pleasant to taste ;h produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button.** Clf all Che Mist:., Is. !.;'; .rte: tltt. Advt.

Ibberti6tmentl not elaAstfteb.

_LAUNDRY MAID at once, for Institution; El5.—MrsES HunsoN's Registry Irlam-st , Warrington.

JjOUSEIVIAID WAITEESS at once; £18; gentleman's family.--Miss HUDSON'S Registry, opposite Police Station, Iriam-st,, Warrington.

COOIZ-CIENERAL at once, £l6 to £18; good situation.— Miss 11 ITDSON' S Registry, Iriam-street, Warrington.

EGH-1, Silver Wyandottes, Lbbot's prize strain direct, splendid layers. 3s. 64. sitting.—MlSS B@TTERILL, Tathwell Hall, Louth,Lincolnshire.

CHAIGLEY HALL FARM TO LET, containing about one hundred and twenty acres ot good meadow and pasture land, 1., ith dwelling-house and farm buildings well situated; at)out four miles trorn Clitheroe.—Apply W. WINSTANLET• Chaigley Manor. Clitheroe.

\ivANTED, respectable GEE NRAL, able to wash, four Et family, wages £I4.—EROMPTON VILLAS, 87, George- et., Cheetham 11111, Manchester.

QIIIIVANTS.—GENERALS. Young Girls, Sc., suited innate- diately with good ITUATIONS, no charge until en- gaged. personal att.ntion, ladies waiting.—St Mrs.Folvas.a.st, 219, Loudon-road, Liverpool.

LlO WEEKLY. Best thing cn earth. Don't talk hard limes. suits everybody. No canvassing or gamb- ling. Strictly commercial. Emit:se 2 stamps.—WatassLEr Co.. 19a, Corporation-st., Manchester.

SIiRVANT Wanted (good). mast be emus- tomed to children; one with knowl.dge of cooking preferred ; will have a good home.—Apply stating wages re- quired, .11. C. Jacsox, Plumber, Bolton-rota& Darwen, Lancashin,.

I ESIDENCR.—To be LET. very desirable Residence (five 4 entertaining rooms, garden and stible) at Latchford.— Apply WlLmairt Ow, architect, Warrington.

SMOKERS should sum the ASBESTOS CIGAR PIPE which is a real imitation of a eigar, 9d. CLERKS should try the ELECTRIC INK ERASER for removing blots instantly. No rubbing required 7d,--WALTEP. lllcs. Fultord, York.

WVANTED, respectsble GIRL, about 14.--Apply 18 Allington-street, Birch lane, Longsight, Msenctsester

VVrANTED. an experienced (INN KRAL, used to cAldren. and ~ble to wash.—Apply by letter, Mn. BEECH, 6. Litherlaud-road, Bootle.

SEED OATS, Garton's Abundance, Prime Samplo.—Address W. NixoN, Halton, near Runcorn.

WANTED, good GENERAL, about 25. able to. cook and wash ;no children; Churchwoman preferred • good character necessary; state wages.--Address 7, ft-11E TERRACE, Bury.

WIIthANTED, COOK. GENRAL on April ll for Cours Wasb and bake. Norse-housemaid kept. emelt family, —Mrs. WILLS, up-Holtind Vicarage. near Wigan.

I T. JOHN'S HALL, EARLESTOWN.—A GRAND, CONCH kT will be given in the above hall on SATUR— DAY, MARCH 30711.1895, by the DRUM AND FIFE RAMS, connected with the MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN (Runcorn Branch), assisted by young ladies in sailor costarne. ADMISSION, reserve seats, Is. 6d. ; second seats, Is. ; bulk seats, 6d. Doors open at seven o'clock.concert to commence- at 7.30. An AFTERNOON CONCERT for children win be given at four o'clock. Admission 3d. and Id. Few reserve& 6d.

VirANTE D.— Good GENB HAL SBHVANT accustomed to Vl' cooking. age about 20. Good references required.— Address, 98, RINGSTOR-ROID, Oxford.

FkMILY PLATE. money urgent. 6 each tab!e defeeyto are tea spoons; 6 each table and dessert forks • 33 pieces. high-class, real Eleltro Silver, new, bargain, 15s. Ed" worths RS ss. Approval paid anywhere.---" Miss A.", Woodcociee Library, Richmond Surrey.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Mnteb—Vtibiir

RUNCORN UNION.—DUTTON WORKIIOUSR. WANTED, a Respectable WOMAN at the Workhouse., tio. assist the Matron. Mu.t understand plain Corkaaw and Laundry work. Salary £lB per annum, vrith tocardt.. locking and washing in the House. Applications to be sant; to the Matron, Dutton Workh .uee, Prestoa Brook, um or before the 30th March, 1895. _ _

By Order, JOHN ASHTON. Clerk to the Guarlirtaes

PRESCOT TINTON. VEMALE NURSE FOR IMBECILE WARDS. WAIVERTJS 1 a Female Nurse without encumbrance as attendant at the Imbecile ' Wards of the Workhouse. Ychiston, Prescot,. Salary £3O per annum with uniform, rations, ration-a Dow, cure, and apartments in the Workhouse. Applications rpm forms to beobtained from my office and which alone wi.l lj received from persons fully competent to undertake the duties with copies of testimonials to be sent so us ta reach uai not later than 10 a.m. on Monday, Ist April 1895. By Order. -

A. F. MANN, Clerk.. Union Office, Whiston, Prescot, March 21st, 1826. w•

BEATTY,

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD

BARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials, General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

GOLD lEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRING FON.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FURS! LADIES' FURS

You can Purchase Single A—r—tiCieri-of Fur at Price. all the first fashion ; also Sealskin Jackets and Other Garments. _ _

NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom: 21. LEVER-STREET. (Opposite the Royal Infirmary, rieetulifly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments )2e-Fashioned, and all other Furs Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning, &e.

W Ent/N.

WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPE.—MiSS Fitton presided at an interesting gathering held in the schoolroom, Weston,on Tuesday evening, in connection with the Band of Hope Society. In addition to a programme of songs, recita- tions, and dialogues given by the members, Miss Bessie Dutton, of Moore, delivered an admirable addres.. THE DROWNING OF A DREDGER CAPTAIN.—At the Weaver Hotel, Weston, Point, on Friday afternoon, Mr. J. E. Worsley held an inquest on the body of John Woodhouse, Ellesmere Port, who had been missing since December 29th.—Evidence of identification was given by the deceased's wife.—John Sullivan, mate of the • dredger Irk, spoke to finding the body floating in the Ship Canal on the previous morning. He had a rope attached to it, and assisted to convey it to the Weaver Hotel, where he handed it to the police. The body was found near where the dredger Barry was working on the night he was missed, which was very boisterous. A fearful storm raged, and it was snowing.—Henry Musker. Weston Point, master of the dredger Barry,said he had known Captain Woodhouse over two years. On the night of December 29, about eight o'clock, he was at his house, and said lie would return in a few minutes, after visiting the Dock Hotel. He asked Woodhouse to return to his house. Decessed had a particular dread of Weston Point, and thought the water should.be railed off for the protection of sailors. He was not a man who took much drink.—Peter Coyle, landlord of the Weaver Hotel, deposed to the captain coming to his house about eight o'clock on the night in question, and leaving about 9.45. Witness said he could have a bed, but he said he was capable of going aboard, and should not sleep except on his boat. He had four two•pennyworths of whiskey, but was sober so far as aould be seen. He started to go at nine o'clock, but in consequence of the hailstorm he returned. He was capable of taking care of himself.— By a juror: Deceased and a man named Williams,. who had been missing since the same night, were not togs- ther.—P.C. Hatnmersley describedithe condition of the body. There was a frightful gash on one side of the head, and the right thigh and an arm were broken, but these had evidently been caused afterdeath. There was money in his pockets and also his watch, which had stopped at 1.25. He saw tha deceased about ten o'clock on the night of December 29th, going in the direction of Mr. Musker's house, when he was alone. He did not consider there was any connection between the two men being missing.—.1 verdict of "Found drowned" was returned.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

Pm:ocular, ConixtrrTxs.---:This committee's minutes of the meeting held on Saturday in the Girls'school,Halton, were submitted at the meet,ng of the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday at Dutton workhouse. Mr. Looker occupied the chair and there were also present Messrs. McCullock, Ackerley, 'limy,. and Frirrington (inspector of nuiFances) and T. Ashton (clerk). It was resolved on the motion of Mr. McCullock, seconded by Mr. Ackerley that future meetings of the committee be held at such hour not earlier than 2.30 otiock in the afternoon on ' such days as the Clerk by notice in writing to each mem- ber of the committee shall apoint.—'roe Inspector was directed to obtain a plan and estimate of the cost of another intercepting sewage tank to be fixed in Halton ' Brook sewer as recommended by the Medical Officer of Health in his report, and submit the same to the next meeting of the committee. The attention of the In- spector was called to the privy accommodation to Pre- mises known as Fletchers'Buildings situate in Spark-lane and he promis.ed that he would inspect Ulu same and report to the next meeting.—On the motion of Mr. Wright seconded by Mr. T. Lewis, the minutes were assed.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

13 hewing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage ap to

IWith Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

2-15 a.m.

Newton-le-Willows . Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook Prodsham, Helsby, Daresbury

4-0 a.m.

5-15 a.m

and Moore Grappenhall, Heaney Heath, Lyinm, and Thelwall Newchureh, Croft, Pa.dgate,Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton,

540 a.m.

430 a.m.

and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord - Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton. Yorkshf r North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Frescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng, land:Yorkshire. Durham. Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and

a.m.

1-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 1040 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

1140 a.m.

1130 a.m.

12 Noon 1-63 a.ni

_ Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, SI, Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and

143 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

1-15 P.m.

1-40 p.m.

245 p.m. 2-50 p.m.

2-4 S p.m.

3-0 p.m. 345 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 6-45 p.m.

_ Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath,L Sankey Bridges Lymm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester 8G St. Helens

Orford and Hulme i Liverpool and Chester I Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, We Cumberland, Wigan,Manchest 1 Peterborough, and East Lincol

94 p.m.

6-16 p.m

shire Town Delivery Preston. West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, er Glasgow Night Mail Despekh. All Parts... London, Midlands. S.-Eastern A South Counties. & Foreign

140 par•

IG-38 P=- 11-15 p.m.

10-45 p.m

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OrncE High-st.. Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays? to 10 a.m. BoK closes at 5.40 p.ra The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-38 a.m. ts 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-18 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETITIA DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPARCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ora wiry Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

C—fFelnary restate. 641 a.m.

I Extra id. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ie-ae

n-le „

246 pan.

5.40 1,

SW-MN° HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES AR,E CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

RECEIVING ROUSE-

_ *ltarlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

SUB-OFFICI.9 -

*Ashton Cattins Green *Golborne

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-35 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 D 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. 'These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

9-55 g.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. 411. J-55 a,m 10-30 am

Lawton I Stubslaaw Cross I

Winwick

4*argrave

'WILL BOXES— t Crow Lane,New on Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Hallway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-at.. Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowtan Chapel Lawton Common... .. (Near Lowton St • Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village . Surtonwood (Providence Place)

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

NI:. 10-15 a.m. NIL

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at &aides- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same lime as letters.

TOWN DBLIVERIES AS FOLL

1 To I Callers.

Postmen.

Esseand,Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign Laindon and the South Fredsharn, lielsby, & Lyrrina ..... Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- laerland, and Lincolnshire Cilk,giater, Liverpool, Birkenhead, gouthport,Prescot,Wigan, Orms- ktrk, Widnes, & Earl4stown London, Foreign, and the South._ Midland Counties & South Wales Prefitoll, North Lancash'vo. New • ton-le-WiLows, St. Helens, and

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10,45 ..

11-30 n.ra.

&jester Makchester Landon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales. and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- Chester, Bolton. it Chester LondonPand Foreign, South. S - Eastern, MidlAnd, Northern, Roptern Counties, Sc Lancashire,. Croft. Facigate, Woolst on, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - astern Counties

6-45 am.

7-0 a.m. Next day.

WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IN GOLD. Do you worry keca,use you look so very pale, with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could restore von to vigorous happy life? If so, take Cockburn's Tonic Blood Pills and stop worrying. They make cheeks like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all chemists in boxes at 13., 2s. 6d., and 4F. 6d.. or per post 2d. extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S DRUG STORE, Howard-St., Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn : Messrs. SPEAKMAN Baos., 7, High-st., Warrington : BOOTQ, Limited.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
}.ll-30 „

..11-45 ~ } 12-0

12-15 p...

2-1 „ 1 3-15 „

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INo ax a

===== 0002601_18950323_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TM, MAGISTRATES.

GROSS NEGLECT OF CHILDREN. Matthew and Eliziteth Carley, Pierpoint-street, were I charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Friday.last week with neglecting their children in a manner likely:to cause:them suffering,on January 24,and January 29. Mr. Buckton who appeared on behalf of the N.S.Y.C.C., said that the case had been before the magistrates twice. On February Ist, the case was adjourned for a month to give the defendant a chance to reform, and when it was called again it was further adjourned for a fortnight because the defendants did not appear. The defendants had eleven children ranging in age from 21 to five. The children whom they were summoned for were respectively 10, 9,8, 6, and 5 years. At the time they were originally summoned, the defendants lived at Dallam-lane, but had since removed to Pierpoint-street. There had been no improvement whatever in the condition of the children since the case was ad- journed. The Act under which they had been summoned gave the magistrates power to inflict both imprisonment and a fine in addition. If the Bench could only realise the state of the houses of defendants in similar cases to the present one, they would see that they were very serious cases indeed. It was difficult to give the real state of affairs by calmly reciting them. —Dr. Gornall : You don't imply that I am wanting in knowledge of them ?—Mr. Buckton : Oh, no. lam speaking generally.—Alderman Wright : I think the Inspector lays it down pretty strongly. (Laughter.)—Mr. Buckton : But not too strongly. From my own know- ledge he rather understates it.—lnspector McAteer then described the state of the house in similar terms to those previously reported. He said that the children were in the same filthy condition now as they were then, and were not provided with proper food or clothes The an earned 30s. per week, and gave his wife a sovereign. He did not press the case against the male defendant.—Cnrroborative evidence was given by P.C.'s Williamson and Meacock.—The husband said that the condition of his house was not so bad as described by the inspector. He only got 30s. per week when in full work, which was very rarely. In fact last week, he had not worked at alt.—the Bench decided to dismiss the case against the Male defendant, and to fine the female defendant 103. and costs, or in default 14 days. RUNCSFIN FLLTMAN ROBBED:7-TRE CULPRIT SEVERELY

DEALT Wiry.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Saturday morning before Messrs. Burgess and Geddes, Winifred Burke, 8 Hill-street, was clearged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket.street, on Friday afternoon ; she was further charged with stealing from the person of Thomas Hindley, on Thursday, the 14th inst., the sum of £4. The prisoner, who is a well-known charac- ter, appeared in the box with one eye draped in deep mourning and a cheek was plaistered in a very compre- hensive manner. She pleaded guilty.—Mr. :Hunt the Chief Constable) stated that the complainant, Thomas Hindley, was the captain of the fiat" Caldwell "from Runcorn, and resided at 14 Cowley-street, of that town. Defendant was a native of St. Helens and had been coming between that to vu ad Wareingten for some years. On ti is afternoon or Thiireday the 14th the complainant finished unloading a flat laden with slates for the Warrington Slate Company,and afterwards went to the offices of that Company. and received a cheque for £l3 29. which he cashed in gold. Complain- ant had a friend with him, John Dunhobbin, and about 6 o'clock, they were in the Roebuck Inn and had some drink together and complain-'1 ant treated " defendant and other women who were there. They got " jelly," and about seven o'clock the complainant dropped asleep all.l awok elem.: eight o'clock when the women were gone, out Dunbobbin re- mained. He felt in his vest pocket and found that VS were gone. After informing the landlord the complain- ant reported his loss at the police station. Detective Monaghan made a search and found the party of women at the " Lower Angel" on Friday, also aecer- taining that the defendant changed a sovereign and had left a purs4 containing 30i. in the oars of a barman, named James Winders. When the defendant was charged with the theft she. replied that it was a man from Bolton who had stolen the money and she had re- ceived £4 as her share.—This was her 20.11 appearance in court, and the magistrates sent her to gaol for three months' hard lab.- ur. The Chief Constable and Mr. Bu- rgess then cautioned the barman about the serious folly he was guilty of in receiving the money from the defend • ant. His carelessness might have been to the prejudice of his employer. Winders acknowledged his mistaken kindness and left the court with promises of future care- fulness.

ANOTIIER WORKMAN CAJOLED AND ROBBED. .On Tuesday morning at the Borough Police Court,be- fore Mr. R. Garnett (chairman) and Mr. E J. Guest, Annie Ryan,well known to the police, was charged with stealing from the person of Benjamin Bailey a purse con- taining 10a., on Monday evening.—From the evidence , produced it appeared that on Monday the complainant, who resides at 181, Winwick-road, met the prisoner and another woman in Bridge-st., and at their request he went into the " Star and Garter" puNio-house and treated them. After paying, the complainant went out with Annie Ryan into Shuttle-st., near to where the pri- soner lodged. While going down the passage the prisoner put her arm affectionately round comolainant,and while doing so managed to abstract his purse from his trousers pocket. 'Then,to give him something to do,,he knocked his cap off, and bolted. Complainant reported his loss to Detective Monaghan, and in company with him axd P.C. Evans went to the " Old House at Home," where the complainant pointed out prisoner with other women. She was arrested, and is. 2d. taken out of her hand. When searched the purse was not found upon her.— Benjamin Bailey, the complainant, corroborated this eviderte, and Mrs. Mullins, the landlady of the " Star and Garter" deposed to serving the party with drinks. Detective Monaghan stated that when apprehm ded the prisoner was with three other women, and on tne way to the Police Station was very violent.—The magistr ttes said they had no sympathy with the complainant, but sent the prisoner to gaol for one month's hard labour. She accepted this sentence with great good humour, hn- rnediately bursting into song for the edification of the Bench.

Two PAYMENT 3 Fort OS'S JOB. At the Borough Polke Ceurt, on Tuesday morning, before Mr. R. Garnett and Mr. E. J. Guest, John Edwards, 38 Cockhedge-lane, was charges with stealing by means of a trick 53. 4d. from Mr. Smethurst, jun., oa Wednesday the 13111 inst.—Mr. Hunt state i that tha complainant was James Henry Smethurst, jun., 4, Bewsey-road, and a few days ago complainant's father gave defendant a job to whitewash the outbuildings of a couple of houses. When he had completed the job de- fendant went to Mr. Smathurt's agent,Mr. James Bolton, accountant, Sankey-street, who paid him 84. 4d. on Wednesday the 13th. On the same day the defendant, accompanied with his wife, went to complainant and represented that he had finished the job, and on his ac- count he was paid 54. 4d. by Mr. Smethurst, jun. On the following Monday the complainant and Mr. Bolton were going over the account and they then discovered that each had paid the defendant fer the same job. The matter was then reported to Detective Monaghan who afterwards apprehended the dcfendant.—Mr. Bolton corroborated, and Mr. Smethurst, jun., deposed to pay- ing defendant's wife in his, presence the Sc. 4d. as de- fendant was not sober.—Detective Monaghan having given evidence, the defendant was sent to gaol for we month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 11-48 p.m Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!No extra

===== 0002601_18950323_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18950323_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 tn.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARI

UNITED ALKALI COMPANY' LIMITED.

MEETING OF SHARE HOLDERS. STORMY PROCEEDINGS. The fourth annual general meeting of the United Alkali Company, Limited, was held on Friday afternoon last week, in the Law Association R 901119. Cook-street. Liverpool, Sir Charles Tennant, Bart., president, occupy- ing the chair. There was a very large number of share- holders present, and a considerable number were un- able to make their way into the room, which was crowded some minutes previous to the commencement

of th 3 business. The President said it had hitherto been a source of pleasure and satisfaction to him to occupy the chair, but he could not say that he associated either ot those feelings that day in asking their consent and approval to a much more adverse state of affairs than he had ex- pected at the last meeting. No doubt the year '94 had been a very had year commercially and industrially, but no trade perhaps had suffered more than that with which they were identified, viz., the alkali branch of

the chemical trade. Mr. John Brock, chairman of the directors, in the course of his speech, said he was riot prepared for the extreme depression which crept over business as the year grew older, amounting in its closing months to almost complete collapse in some branches. The markets all round last year were extremely unsatis- factory, and they had to be content with delivering a much smaller proportion of their output than usual. Nor was it a question of price; is was simply that in the then condition of trade the world aid not want their goods. New processes and the march Of invention— espechlly electrical processes—had not been lost sight of, and everything in this direction likely to tis useful and profitable had been carefully examined, an iso far they had found everything in this direction so decidedly an improvement as to inatica then to adopt it. Their various works had been kept in thorough repair and efficiency, and they had paid the cost out of revenue. As to the future there were certainly signs in some dir- ections of improving trade; but they needed a good deal ot development before it would be safe to speak in any decidedly hopeful way about them. (Rear. hear.) The chairman concluded by moving the adoption of the report, and declaration of a dividend of 7s. per share on the preference shares, making, with the interim dividend paid in August, the sum of 7 per cent, per annum.

Mr. E. Muspratt seconded, and said they could com- mand the comsumption of the world. If the articles they produced were consumed they could manufacture them as cheaply as any other firm in the world. Refer- ence had been 104de to Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Co., and, of course, their manufactories were not exactly the same as those of the United Alktli Company; and they had undoubtedly suffered, so far as consumption was concerned, to a far greater extent than that firm. (A Shareholder: " They are practical men, and can make the work pay if you cannot.") Mr. Piggott saicl that shares that had stood at £8 twelve months ago were now quoted at £2, and some of the directors had evidently anticipated a fall, and knew when to sell out at the best price. They ought to be ashamed of themselves. (Applause.) Everyone would admit that there were too many large salaries and too many on the beard of those whose works had been taken over by the company. He had been connected with commercial affairs since he was eight years of age, and everything he had touched, with the exception of this company, had turned into money. He was sorry to say that he bad lost £l,lOO in twelve months by this com- pany. Ele would like to know what answer the direc- tors had got for selling their shares ? (Applause.) rho President said he was originally the largest share- holder in the company, and that day he was a larger shareholder than ever he had been. He had never sold one share. Mr. Piggott seemed to have been addressing him personally. Mr. Piggott: Because you made the opening speech. . . . .

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held on Wednesday in the Workhouse, when the chair was occupied by Mr. W. Houghton. There were also present, Mrs. Clay, Revs. G. F. Roberts, J. H. Riddette, and T. R. Matthews, Messrs. S. Davies, G. Pilling, A. J. Jolley, W. Hickman, W. Cross, A. Jolley, E. L. Bent, T. B. Malkin, A. Lang, J. Warburton, T. Mather, T. Halton, J. W. Knowles, J. Clarke, J. Dignura, H. Hibbert ; J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H. Ward (master), and H. M. Mines (superintend- ent).

THE CALLS.

The ASSISTANT CLEax reported that the time for the payment of the third and last calls of the townships was long overdue. Rixton and Southworth-with-Croft were still in arrears. It was highly essential that the calls should be paid before the 24th March.—lt was directed that the attention of the overseers of the town- ships mentioned should be called to the matter.

SELECTION OF ASSISTANT TO THE woßsHocrste MATRON.

At a meeting of the House Committee, held on March Eith, the following were selected to appear before them Lir the post of assistant to the matron, viz : Miss Catterell {3B), Miss Lockhart (32), and MiS3 Dew (40). It was recommended that the American organ offered for 2.10 10s. be purchased frem Mr. Thomas Sutton. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Thompson for pro- viding a concert to the inmates. At a subsequent meet- ing, Miss Lockhart was recommended for the office of assistant to the matron on the terms advertised.—The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. DAVIES bccended l.)y, Mr. KNOWLES.

A LRTTER FROM pm) MEMBER OF TFIE BOARD.

The CLEIIX said that he had received a letter trom Mr. Hood Wright, an old member of the Board, who had recently been elected upon the Frome Board of Guar- dians. Mr. Wright asked for information with regare to the food supptied te tb,- inmates. He said that he thought that that supplied to the inmates at Frome was inferior to that at Warrington.—lt was directed that the information asked for be supplied.

PRESENTS.

The thank.; of the Board were directed to be given to Mr. Braide, Lovelv-lankt, Mr. C. Jackson,Holines, Bridge- st., and Mr. Samuel Naylor, 5 Monk-st., for presents of magazines.

LA.DICS' COMMITTEE.

A letter was read from Mrs. J. El. Edelsten. on behalf of the Ladies Cqtrimittee, stating that the Mayoress was appointed to the chair. and she (Mrs. Edelsten) Iran. sec. THE CLERK', STATEMENT UPON THE ESTIMATE. MILLEE V. GUARDIANS : CASE SETTLED.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRT,NGTON BOROUGH COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman) Alder- man Wright, Mr. J. H. Fleming, Dr. Garnall, Mr. S. Wright, Councillor H. Roberts. TRAVELLING WITHOUT TICKET ON THE RAILWAY.—Peter : Fernley, 11 Philip-st., was charged with travelling, from Sankey Bridges to Warrington, on February 23, without having previously paid his fare. He was also charged with committing the same offence on Fenruary 25. Mr. Fenna, solicitor, said that the defendant was employed by Morton and Co., electric engineers, and was formerly employed by the Railway Comna,ny in the telegraph department, and therefore well knew how to go about. There was no doubt that the defendant had systematically done thin thing. Unfortunately the chief witness, ticket collector Williams,for the offence on 23r February was unable to attend owing to illness. The defendant. came on that date by the, 12.15 train from Widnes, and went along the line in company with a num- ber of men who werked on the railway. He was seen by William Booth, foreman porter, and he sent ticket collector Williams after him, but he missed him. On February 25th, defendant got out of the 6.10 p.m. • train and again went along the line towards the Slutchers-lane crossing. Ticket co'- lector Holland who saw him went round by Arpley-st. and found on reaching Slutchers-lane crossing that the defendant had gone on towards Arpley Station. Holland followed him and caught him, and defendant then said that he had not come by train. Evidence was given in support of the charge by Ticket-collector Hol- land, William Booth, and George Barratt.—The defend- ant said that he had simply gone on the station to SPH a youth, and denied that he had travelled by traira.—The magistrates considered the case proved, and inflicted a fine of ss. and costs for each offence. ONE as BAD as THE OTHER.—Catherine Davies, Sharp- st., was charged with assaulting and heating Frances Brocklehurst, also of sharp-st., on March 11. Mrs. Brocklehurst in a very excited manner said that Mrs. Davies lived opposite to her, and was continually mak- ing game of her. On the aboYe date, she told Mrs. Davies to mind her own business, whereupon the latter challenged her out to fight. A scuffle ensued, during which Mrs. Davies scratched her (complainant) in the face.—Mrs. Davies said that Mts. Brocklehurst was the offender, for she struck the first blow, and also pulled out a large quantity of her hair which she pro- duced, and which left a bald patch on her head. She brought two witnesses to prove this.—The magistrates considered that both sides were to blame, and that one was as bad as the other. They,therefore,dismissed the case.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. J. Burgeas (chairman), and Mr.

J. Geddes.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Margaret Cunningham was sent to gaol for 14 days' hard labour for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-at. on Friday afternoon. For the same offence, at the same time and place, Allce Thomas, 8 . was committed for 14 days—The Chief Constable informe I the magistrates that Thomas belonged to St. Helens and that a worse possible char- acter did not stand in the box than the pi isoner. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Messrs. F. Monks, r. Birchall and J. W. Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—The following persons were dealt with for being drunk and disorderly : John Makin- son, Silver Square, drunk, on tne 9th of March, 5.1 ; Michael Maher, 9, James-st.. 16th inst., 23. 6d. CRUELTY TO A Hot/sc.—William Mellor, Oak-street, Sandbach, was charged with cruelly illtreating a horse by working the same in an unfit state on the sth of March. Sergeant Cheney stated that at 3.30 on the morning of the sth inst., he was in Knutsford-read, in company with P.C. Turner. While there witness noticed the defendant with a furniture van and two horses. One was very lame, suffering from inflamma- tion in the foot and both knees were broken. The horse was taken out of the shafts by the order of witness and lodged at the Bridge Inn.—P.C. Turner corroborated Sergeant Cheney.—lnspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A., deposed to seeing the horse at the inn. It was very lame in both fore legs and the knees were brok.n and had apparently beenao for rome sime, being swollen and tender.—This was defendant's seccnd offence and the bench fined him 203 and costs (£1 14s)

===== 0002601_18950323_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE OFFENDING DOG-OWNERS.—Several other persons were brought up for keeping dogs without a license and the following are their names : Ernest Haskins, Longford-street, carter, adjiurned case, was lined 10s. and costs. l',C Barnett (27) proved the case. Defendant stated that he had mentioned about the dog (which was not his own) to the officer in Winwick-rd., at 10-15 on the 19th of February. 'This was denied by Barnett and a book which gave a record of his beat at that time was produced which showed that his nearest point to that place would be Mersey- street.—Defendant was fined as above and stated that he should take notes of the case and sue the officer for perjury. James William Bowden,2o Beatrice-st., for the same offence was fined 5s ; Samuel Flartshorne,Factory- lane, extenuating circumstances, dismissed ; Charles Heesom, 40 Thelwao-lane, 2s. 6d. ;Lillian Postlethwaite, 15 Mill-st., dismissed ; in this case it appeared that de- fendant had an Irish license which cost 2s. 6d. and the Mayer observing thls said "This Is another injustice to Ireland." (Lawghter.) Mr. F. Monks: "That is a score for the Mayor."—John Vickers, 10 Mill-st., same offence, 5e.; William Webster, 7 Carcwright-st.. dismissed ; William Worrell, Wash-lane, 2s. 6d.—The Chief Con- stable remarking on the leniency of the Bench the pre- vious week, said he was afraid that people would wait before taking out a license, till summoned by the police, saying to themselves that if they were brought before the magistrates they would not be fined. Tie observed that he had had a few instances even then. BREACH OF THE PEACE.—George Holmes, 53 Oliver-st., was bound over to keep the peace for fighting with Makinson on the 9th of March. FURIOUS DRIVING.—Thomas Shipley, 25 Elizabeth-A., butcher's boy, was disaii•iseci with a caution for furl- nsly driving a horse and cart in linutsford-road on the 13th of March. Wantstesnay.—Before Mr. J. Fairclough (chairman), Messrs. J. Geddes, and J. H. Fleming. A DISHONEST LODGER.—Louisa Ann Gibbs, Chapel-st., Altrincham, was charged with being drunk in Bridge- st.,en Tuesday afternoon ; she was further charged with stealing from 5. School Brow, on Tuesday morning, a railer towel, the property of Mary Ann Reynolds, 5, School Brow.—The defendant had lodged with complain- ant on Monday night. In the morning the latter dis- covered that the towel was missing, and after some search discovered it in the shop of Mr. Gibbs,Mersey-st., where it had been soil for 3d. Detective Sergeant Monaghan had apprehended the prisoner,drunk,in Bridge- t.—The magistrates fined prisoner 5. and costs for be- ing drunk or 7 days in d and 7 days' hard labour &r the theft. THHILSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Chandler (chairman) and Alderman Sutton.

LICENSING APPLICATICN.—JeremiIh Gibbard was granted temporary authority to sell at the Hope Pole Flotol in lieu of Eliz il,eth Ann Coop. IRREGULAR SCHOOL' ATTANDANCE.--Tho following persons were fined for negb-cting to send their children regularly to schr,-1 : Geore Burnett, forgetnan, Percy- street, 63.; Amelia Allen, Hoyle-street, 33. 6d.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.--BefOre Mr. .1. White and Mr. William Mortimer.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY —Mrs. Rnwles was Criated temporary authority to sell at the " Red Lion," Rixton in lien of James Foster. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—George Welshy was fined 103. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in the highway at Croft on the 14th inst. This was his 31st appearance for similar offences.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PErTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Major ilazlehnrst (chalrm3o) Mr. P. Speakinati..l P.. C.C. and Mr. James Elandley. TRANSFER OF LICENSES. —The license of the Ship Inn, Reath-road, was transferred from Philip Davies to Joseph Smith and Elias Hurst was also granted per- mission to sell at the Oddfellows Arms,Wellington-street in lieu rf John Shaw. NON-PAYMENT OF RATES.—Eighteen persons were summoned for non-payment of Poor Rate ; three non- payment of District Rate ; and ten non-payment of water rate. In some instances the money was paid whilst in other orders for imtnediate parment were made. Mr. Speakman did not sit on the Bench during the hearing of these cases.

CHAROII OF Asseum—An elderly person named Eliza- beth Richardson was charged with assaulting Mary Jane Pee on the lath March. In rep'y tithe charge she admitted striking the complainant.—Mrs. Pye stated that she kept a greengrocer's shop and the assault com- plained of occurred in Hughes Court. The defendant owed her some money for goods, and on the date named witness went to ask her for it. Instead of handing her the money she struck her in the face with her fist. Tire defendant had previously insulted her. She could not pay her way through people owing her mon-y and had been summoned for non-payment of water rate.—The defendant said she was sorry for what had occurred,but the complainant had brought it upon herself by calling her, and casting imputations against her character. As it was the first offence against the defendant the magis- trates discharged her, and relieved the complainant of the costs.

A DISGUSTING WOMAN.—Margaret Crank, Brunswick- st., Weaded guilty to soliciting in Leinster Gardens on the 1.8:11 inst.—P.C. Richardson proved the case. It was the prisoner's first offence, and the Chairman stat-,d that the magistrates had decided to give her a chance to turn over a new leaf, and would discharge her.

BE WISH lts TIMH Sufferers from Gr vel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains In the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism an 4 Gout will find a ros time Core in Holroyd's Gravel Pile. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Pri^e is. id,. of all Chemists, or pest free for 13 stamps, from 1101.novn't: Medical Hall, Checkhesion, Yorks. Do be put off. If you cannot get them write tot lid Pr prietor and a box Will be ut next post.—Acir.

- A Shareholder remarked that if Mr. eiggotr, he'd stuck to his shares he would not have lost his money. Mr. Piggott : I have stuck to them. I have them here. (Laughter.) Mr. Kavannagh said he had put his :money into the company and had it there still because the directors were men who were respected in :Lancashire. The gentlemen connected with the concern had a great responsibility to prove that it was not a bogus cempany, as stated by the" Financial News." The Ship Canal Company, which paid debenture interest out of capital and had no pros- pect of paying a single halfpenny en the ordinary shares stood as high ia the public estimation as the United Alkali Company. Mr. Thomas Snape, M.P., one of the directors, said he had heard the remarks of the first speaker, who men- tioned that the directors had been selling their shares. (A Voice : 'A fact.") He had discovered that this was one of the contributory causes of the fall in the value of the shares, and when he went on to investigate the matter he found that it was true to this extent, that two of the directors had sold their shares, and on the althority of the books of the company he found that one , of the directors—(cries of " Name")—when the concern was launched, held 1234 preference shares and 1562 or- dinary shares, while at the present day he had 200 ordin- ary shares only. He would tell them why he was still a director—(interruption). According to the articles of association,a director was obliged to hold £lOOO nominal value—(& Voice : "Chuck him ")—and if it were not for the word " nominal" he would be disqualified from sitting on the board. He (Mr. Snape) held that though that director might be protected in his seat by the letter of the law, under the spirit of the articles of association he held stock worth only £425. That gentleman's name appeared in the report as offering himself for re-election. Be was bound to do so according to the articles of association. He did not know whether he intended to press forward his election, but if he did so he (the speaker) would take the sense of the meeting upon it. (Hear, hear.) There was another director whose name did not appear on the report. He was re-elected last year, and had held originally 3,437 preference shares and 5,141 ordinary shares, but now, like the other director, he had only 200 ordinary shares. (Cries of "Name.") Be would men- tion his name later on. Be intended to submit a reso- lution in accordance with clause 93 of the articles of association, which was as follows :—"The company may, by an extraordinary resolution, remove any director before the expiration of his period of office, and appoint another qualified person in his stead." He intended to ask the meeting to accept a resolution removing that gentleman from his position. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Holbrook Gasket!, sen., said nothing would have induced him to rise but the fact that a certain notorious paper had published his name as having transferred—(a Voice: "Sold ")—shares to a considerable extent.. The fact was that he had not sold a share since that com- pany was formed. ' On the contrary, be had bought shares, and if any of them were weak enough or foolish enough to part with their shares at the present absurd prices, they would find some of them transferred and registered to him. He had seven sons and daughters. and each of them was a shareholder in the company. Members of his family had from time to time bought shares, and they meant to do so still. They might take that as a fair exiiinple of the action of the great body ef direc:ors. No doubt Mr. Snape had spotted two of the directors; he had ho feeling in their favour, but left them in the hands of the sharehelders ; but let them not go away with the idea that that conduct had been general on the board. As tar as he was concerned, if he lived, he would be a larger shareholder next year than he was that day. (Applause.) Alter some discussion the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. The next business was the election of directors, the retiring ones being Messrs. E. Baxter, H. Gaskell, jun., D. WlCischnie, Charles Wigg, and P. J. Worsley. Mr. Brock said that Mr. Wigg had been wishful to re- tire for some time, and if the directors would release him he would do so. (Hear, hear.) The other gentle- men he proposed for re-election, and the resolution was carried. A shorehelder remarked that everyone would go away better satisfied after the explanations that had been made. He had never for a moment thought that the gentlemen he saw before rum would be parties to what was alleged against them. The explanation would tend to consolidate the company. • Mr. Snaps moved that, in accordance with clause 93 of the articles of association. Mr. W. B. Menzies be re- moved from his seat in the directorate. ' The President: I am advised by our legal adviser that that cannot be put. 'The Solicitor said that that would require an " extra- ordinary resolution,l and that could only be put at an extraordinary meeting. the President said that perhaps Mr. Snape had gained his object. When Mr. Menzies learned the sense of the meeting, ha would, no doubt, resign. The Chairman said that he had come prepared to move that the meeting express the opinion that any director who disposed of the greater portion of his shares ought not to continue he occupy a seat on the board. Colonel Gamble said that if such a resolution as that was passed it would have had the effect of excluding him from the board, as he had disposed of the greater part of his shares. Before joining the companyhe had bought over £15,000 worth of shares, and when his works was amalgamated he had a considerable number of shares allotted to him. About two years ago he parted with half his property to his eleven children, and had got rid of half his shares. In that way he had also sold £lOO,OOO, and since 1893 hi• had £1,300 worth of stock in the bends of a stockbroker. Mr. Iloloroisk Gasket!, sen., said that if the resolution which a shareholder said he was prepared to move was pas.,ed he would send in his resignation. The Chairman said he had no wish that his resolution Shouid have that effect. His object was to prevent such work tukin phae in future. The speaker did not move the resolution. The auditors of the company ware then re-elected,and votes of thanks were passed to the president, directors, and staff. This concluded the proceedings.

One of the most effective cures fcr Scrofula is Scott's Emul- sion. Al kizi erup.tions and disorders of the blood are cured by this great remedy, and the blood is left, rich and healthy. Ana/oda is alsonveroorrs, Thin, em .ciated or ancesnic W0R14313 should not fa'l t /s) take Soott's Flinulsiesn.

In the course of his statement upon the estimates for the half-year ending September,lB9s,the Clerk said that the estimates had no effect upon the outlay. If they proved to be in excess,then the surplus went to ease the burden of a future rate. In the undesirable event of a deficiency,then increases of future rates were inevitable. For in-maintenance the estimate he advised was £2,000, namely, at workhouse. £1,300; at schools, £145. For out-door relief. £l,BOO. For lunatics, £1,600 ; non- resident poor, £l5 ; extra medical fees, £l5 ; vaccina- tion, £175 ; registration,£l6o ; salaries and superannua- tion, £1,475 ; Assessment Committee expenses, £250 ; legal expenses and apprehension of offenders, £5O ; miscellaneous expenses, inclusive of conveyances to the house and hospitals,paupers in other institutions, visita- tion of pauper luuatics,inealment and interest of loans, sohool fees for non-pauper children, removal and settle- ment expenses, subscriptions to infirmaries, furniture and property building and repairs, conference expenses, rent of pay stations, establishment charges, printing, stationery, and advertising, insurance, £1,250 ; the total estimate of common fund expenditure being thus £9.015. This estimate was, however, to be reduced by £2,470, being one-half of the grants received through the Lancashire County Council on account of officers' eateries and for part maintenance of lunatics, leaving £6,545 chargeable on townships according to rateable value. To this sum must be added for county rates £3,872 chargeable upon the townships in the proportions fixed by the county rate precept. The townships of Warrington, Newton, and Latchford were further to be charged with the salaries of collectors of poor rates. There was also provision made by calculation of an additional one-sixth part of the common charges to meet the demands upon the Board in the first -month of the following half-year. On the other hand they were in a position to apply £1,917, as estimated balance at the close of the present half-year, to the townships, hence the actual call upon each township would be considerably less in ptoportion to the rateable value than the calls by their predecessors fer the preseet half-year. Duriog the year, there had been a most unreasonable action at law against the Board for alleged false im- prisonment. For nearly a whole year the Guardians had been dragged on as parties to the suit. Finally upon a suggestion made that they consented to claim no costs from the plaintiff if he discontinued the action, yet with a perfect knowledge that to attempt to recover costs would be to threw away good money after bad, all pro- posals of the kind were rejected. 'the action had been since discontinued against the Guardians, and also against their officers, and a shameful waste of public money had been occasioned by the procedure against them.—Upon the motion of the chairman, the report of the Clerk was adopted and ordered to be printed. It was also decided that Mr. Shearer's expenses incurred in the action of Miller v. the Guardians and others, be defrayed by the Union. VACANCIES ON VARIOUS COMMITTEES.

On the motion of Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, se3onded by Mr. CrAnsg, the Rev. T. R. Matthews was elected member of the House and Schools Committees in place of the llte Mr. Ri,tcliffe. On the motion of Mr. A. Jolley, seconded by the Rev. J. H. Riddette, Mr. Clarke was appointed member of the Newton Relief Committee. TENDERS.—INTERESTING DISCUSSION.

The CLERIC said that it was for the I3Jard to decide whether tenders be taken by the open Board, or by committee. Mr. A. Jolley moved, and Mr. Hibbert seconded, and it was carried, that they be taken by the open Board. The following tenders were then aecepted : Beef, mutton, and joints, Mr. J. Boweock, Elorsemarket- street ; I.pots, Mr. Haynes, Market-place ; leather, Mr. Pickavance, Bridge-street ; clogs, Mr. Hill ; stone, Warrington Slate Company ; bread (khools), flour and meal, Mr. James Strange ; glazing, Mr. Walter Long- ' shaw ; potatoes and straw, Joseph W. Houghton ; brushes, Mr. Fern ; coffins, Mr. Lowden Wells. The tenders for firewood were adjourned, and the tenders for coal and slack, groceries, draperies, cord, and twill, were referred to the House Comneittee.

There was considerable discussion upon the various tenders.—lt was recommended that as in previous years the tenders for groceries and drapery be referred to the House Committee.—Mr. KNOWLES moved that they be opened before the whole Board. He objected to them being opened before the House Committee as it was not always well attended.—lt was, however, ex- plained that there were so many items to go through that it was almost impossible for the witole Board to go through them in less than two or three hours, and Mr. Knowles withdrew his motion.—ln discussing the Waders for beef, mutton and joints, Mr. Knowles moved that the tender of Messrg. Singleton, of Bridge-st., who have recently taken over the business of Mr. Gill, be accepted as it was the lowest.—Mr. Ilibbert seconded.— Mr. A. Jolley moved that Mr. Bo wcock's tender which was slightly hig,her,be accepted. He said that he thought , that as Mr. Bowcock was an old ratepayer, he ought to I have a chance.—Mr. Pilling seconded.—Mr. Knowles I thought that the lowest tender should be accepted unless there was some good reason for not doing so.—lt was, however,decided to accept Mr. Bowcock's tender.—Upon the contract of leather being considered; it was fouud that a London firm had tendered. Mr. Davies hereupon moved, and Mr. A. Jolley seconded that tender be not considered. Mr. A. J. Jolley moved as an amend- ment and Mr. Knowles seconded, that it be considered with the rut. Tne amendment was carried by six votes to four. Eventually the tender of Mr. Pickavance was accepted.—When the tenders for boots had been considered, Mr. CROSS asked whether Mr. Haynes, whose tender was accepted, made their own boots, or whether they got them by contract. No answer however could be given to the question.—Mr. fiaLTon, speaking upon the tenders for coal, said that it would be better for persons who were expetienced in the matter to consider them, as coal which was sold under a good name, was not always of the hest quality. It was necessary that persons acquainted with the seams from which the coal was obtained should be consulted. The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTR said that he thought that the whole Board should decide, and moved that the tenders be at once opened.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded.—Mr. Drumm moved, and Mr. KNOWLES seconded, an amend- ment that the tenders be referred to the House Commit- tee.—The amendment was carried by nine votes to seven. Messrs. Halton and Dig num were invited to be present when the tenders were opened. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON

SERVICES FOR THE PEOPLE. The usual People's Service was held in the Bold-sf. Wesleyan Church, on Sunday afternoon, and was con- ducted by Mr. John Volt. The address was given by Mr. John on. of Palgate, who said his subji-ict was "Sympathy." He referred to the deplorable lack of this " feeling for others "at the present time, and spoke of the immense possibilities of well-directed sympathy. He showed by means of a fable, that far more good might be accomplished by sympathy than by unkindness, and made use of several quotations, in order to show that the most successful po,its and writer,' were tho,e who had the greatest power to see and to feel for others. ND book, he said, was so full of sympathy as the Bible, and he urged all to come into personal contact with Jesus Christ the greatest sympathiser who ever lived. Musicil selec- tions were well rendered by the orchestral band, and considerable skill was manifested by the manner in which Mr. Corbett sang" Remember thy Creator."

Everybody wonders how the Pearson Pottery Company Hanley, can sea 100 pieces of croc'tery for one guinea (21 18). Get a post card at once, and seed for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes Ac. liverytody pleasurably surprised. All for one guinea. If you wish to save money, write to the Pr.alisost POTTERY CO., Hanley, for particulars.—Adrt,

The House having again gone into Committee of Sup- ply on the Navy Estimates, Sir WILFRID LawsoN moved a reduction of the vote for men on the grsund that the Government was making every preparation for settling disputes by fighting instead of by reason. Mr. LABOLTCHERE, Mr. HOPWOOD, Mr. SNAPE, Mr. CREMER, and other members spoke in support of the amendment; and Mr. ALLAN, Sir G. BADEN-POWELL, Mr. ARNOLD- FoEsme, •Sir C. DILKE, and others against it. Mr. itoisztasoN, in defending the Estimates, quoted from speeches by Mr. COBDEN in which that statesman laid it ;down that the immense excess of our mercantile marine was a reason for a strung navy. Sir W. LAWSON'S amendment was rejected by 153 to 32, and the vote was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-----4-

===== 0002601_18950323_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF OUARDIANS.

A meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Knowles occupied the chair and in addition to the members of the Rural Council present there were :—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. T. Handley, J.P., A. Norman, S. Yarwood, T. Lea, and J. Ashton (clerk) G. Ashton (deputy clerk).

THE REGISTRARSHIP OF RUNCORN.

A communication was read from the General Register office, Somerset Elouse,stating that the Registrar General had confirmed the appointment of Mr. Thomas Cooke, to the office of registrar of births and deaths for Runcorn sub-district. With reference to the vacancy in the office of Registrar at Marriages, caused by the resignation of Mr.Coleburn,it was asked whether it was desirable to fill the vacancy,aud it was pointed out that Mr. Cook as re- lieving officer could not be appointed without the con- sent of the Local Government Board.—The Clerk stated that he had written to the Local Government Board on I the matter, but had not yet received a reply.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIR _TEA. FOR OLD ROUEN:

A letter was read from Mrs. Marsden stating that there seemed to be some misunderstanding as to the tea for old women. At the last meeting of the Ladies' Visiting Committee each lady present agreed to contri- bute a proportion. It was not thought needful to make an entry to the effect in the minute book.

ILLNESS OF THE CHAIRMAN.

A letter was read stating that Mr. Mclntyre was con- fined to his bed, and would be unable to attend to any business for sometime. The doctor had ordered him to be perfectly free from any business.—Mr. Woodward moved, and Mr. Bradford seconded, and it was carried unanimously, that an expression of sympathy be for- warded to Mr. Mclntyre and his family.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN CATHOLIC CHILDRILN. _ _ .

The Rev. Dr. Gesteldi gave notice that he would move that six boys and eight girls (Roman Catholics), at present in the House, be sent to the Roman Catholic schools at Pantasoph and Buckby Hill respectively, the cost of maintenance to be paid by the Board to be the same as at present, viz.:-3s. 61 per child.—Mr. Williams said lie was glad Dr. Gastaldi had inserted the latter clause, for if there had been additional expense he would strongly have opposed it.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTRACTS.

Contracts were accepted Irons the following :—William I Lightfoot, Aston, coffins ; William Grounds, Aston,cart- ing from Workhouse ; Speakman Bros., Runcorn,drugs Thomas Booth, and Sons, Runcorn, carting from Run- corn ; W. Cartwright and Sous, Runcorn, boots ; Single- ton and Stevenson. Warrington, meat ; Fletcher and Lee. Warrington, drapery and clothing ; Richardson, Warrington, coal; S. Basnett, Newton-bv-Daresbury, milk, butter, and eggs; Martha T. Whitlow, Preston Brook, straw; Joseph W. Bazley, Runcorn, shoe mend- ing ; Walter Collier, Runcorn, bread and groceries. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. BRYCE, answering a question put by Mr. KIMBER as to the hostile effect on British trade of the fiscal policy of certain foreign Governments, said Her Majesty's Govern- ment believed that the policy of Free Trade followed by this country was, so far as their own action was con- cerned, the policy best calculated to promote in the future, as it had promoted in the past, British trading interests throughout the world. Mr. MORLEY brought in a bill, which was read the first time, to make temporary provision for the relief ot distress in Ireland.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY._

In the House of Commons on Tuesday Sir WILLIAM HAitcounr, in reply to a question by Mr. W. 01lame, stated that the Customs authorities had no information that a large importation took place into British ports of margarine and other substances purporting to be butter. It any information was furnished as to such importation they would be prepared to take action in the matter. Mr. Warn asked whether, in view of the many deaths caused by the bursting of kitchen boilers during the recent frost, the PRESIDENT of the BOARD Of TRADE would introduce a bill so to amend the Boiler Explosions Act of 1890 as to make it refer to boilers used tor domestic pur- poses exclusively. Mr. BRYCE replied that it was not clear how far a Government inquiry into accidents in private houses would be atteneed with public advan- tage. He was, however, considering whether some means might not be adopted of warning householders of the steps to be taken to prevent such accidents. Asked by Mr. BAYLEY if he was a warethat an address to the Government had been signed by 100 members of Parliament for the appointment of a S!lect Committee to inquire into the arrangements for saving life upon the coasts of the United Kingdom, Sir W. flAucorram said he understood Mr. BAYLEY to mean that the service of life- boats now so admirably discharged by the Lifeboat In- stitution should be taken over at the public cost. That was a very serious question. So many fresh demands were made for State aid in all directions that before he could ask ties House to appoint a Committee he must receive further information as to the grounds for th. inquiry. When the House went into Committee of Supply a discussion took place on the supplementary :v0'.13 of £29,000 grant in aid for the island of Cyprus. Mr. LABOUCHERE, who expreseed the opinion that the annex- ation of Byprus was one et the" most infamous pieces of trickery that ever took place," moved to reduce the vote by £lOO as a protest against nothing being done from year to year, by negotiations with the 'Turkish Government, to remove the indebtedness. Mr. BALFOUR said he could not understand who was injured by the present arrangement. The British taxpayers were not injured, and the Cypriotes were not injured, and those were the only two bodies of persons whom we need trouble ourselves about. Until we knew what develop- ments the Eastern Question was going to take, he would be a rash prophet and a reckless politician who would say that Cyprus might not yet prove to be of great ina- portance. Sir WILLIAM IlAncoura said he had never proposed the abandonment at Cyprus. Under etisting circumstances we could not retire from the obligations into which we had entered. l'he amendment was even- tually withdrawn, and the vote was agreed to by 246 to 20.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY. THE APPOINTMENT OF MAGISTRATES.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. T. M. HEALY moved the second reading of the Municipal Fran- chise (Ireland) Bill. The measure was first introduced, he said, more than twenty years ago by Mr. BUTT and others. All those gentlemen had passed away, and the fact remained that though many changes had been made in the English municipal franchise, municipal reform in Irelaud was not one whit more forward, although both the Irish parties had attempted to procure reform. The , central idea of the bill was that every ratepayer sbAuld be able to vote in an Irish borough or municipality, just as anEngliskman was able to do so in an English town. The bill was read a second time. Mr. HEALY then moved that the bill showld be referred to the Grand Committee on Law and this was agreed to. Mr. LUTTRELL then moved the second read- ing of the Justices of the Peace Bill. He said he proposed in his bill that the county councils should make the nominations to the Lord Chan- cellor, and in order that the county councils should be kept in touch with the wants of the district be proposed to allow the chairmen of the district councils to send up names to the county councils, which should be consi- dered by the county councils before the appointments were made. Mr. A. WILLIAMS seconded the motion. Mr. T. Levrsoty mooed the rejection of the bill, and said he thought that to have a committee of the county council who were to nominate the magistrates was the worst plan that could possibly be devised. Sir W. HAR- COURT said he could see nothing in the bill to object to, and he was expressing a far more valuable ophaion than his own when he said the LORD CHANCELLOR was in favour of it. He, on the part of the Government,would give a hearty support to the second reading. Mr. BAL.. FOUR said that, disguise the matter as they liked,if they passed the bill in its present shape, eveh without the 13th clause, they would to all intents and purposes be giving a Parliamentary direction to the Lord Chancel- lor of the day to take the magistrates suggested to him by the borough and the county coune,ils. On a division the second reading was carried by 201 to 163.

On Thursday, at the Warrington County Coutt,befsre his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, the case of Lowe v. Abel, in which the former claimed £234 from the latter, as compensation for the death of his son Ralph Lowe, who was killed by a boiler explosion on the steam 1115 " Amy" on September 18th, 1894, was resumed. The, case was opened on Tuesday last week,and the groulle" of the claim were, the alleged negligence of Mr. .o'4 who was the owner of the " Amy," by not having thet! boiler properly examined. Mr. Jordan, barrister, s Manchester, represented the plaintiff, and Mr. Coiling- wood Hope, barrister of Liverpoof, appeared for VI& defendant. The first witness called was Joseph Senior, who F .03 he was 52 years of age. He was a boiler mai"' residing in Runcorn. He served his time in IlanleS• where he lived twelve years. He had worked at Lieer; pool and on the Ship Canal, on all classes of boilers. A" the latter end of February last year he received instruc" tions from Mr. Abel to make what repail were necessary for the boiler of the He made an examination, and considered that the boiler was worth re-tubing. He told that to Mr. Abel* and the latter then told him to make the necessare re- pairs. I new set of tubes were supplied, aid witreSs was at work for nine days at the jeb. Besides re-tubing the boiler, witness provided a now stay at the back eh of the combustioe chamber. He sounded the combust?in chamber by tapping, which was the only way of testa its soundness. The furnace and nine stays were amined, and all were in a fair ceudition except the °I he took out, and replaced by a new one. The rivert; were in very good condition. There was very let' corrosion about the toiler. The iron appeared W very good. Alter the repairs had been cornpleted,ccit‘ ness informed Mr. Abel, who refused to pay for thees e' until the boiler had been tested. David Morgan Mel the test, and put on pressure for 100 lbs., which it ste°e„ for ten minutes. A 100 lb. pressure was equal to 751"es' in steam. Witness told Mr. Abel that the bailer seleee; to carry from 45Ibs. to 501bs. working pressure. ness never saw any defect in the boiler after it bad toe" repaired. Cross-examined : Witness had always previouslYD been engaged in manual labour, which Abel knew. . was not the first time he had ever examined a bohe'ae Witness authorised authorised Mr. Morgan to make „ test. Morgan did not come to make the test bees%e witness did not understand it. IVitnesa did not Mee° the test himself because be was not paid for it. could do it quite as well as Morgan. It was his ople'c'e" and would always be, that the explosion was caused Is the boiler being short of water. Mr. Abel told seltne nothing about the past history of the boiler. ne Thomas Monks, 21, Farrell-st., Warrington, ehgi driver on a steam barge, said that the boiler wee ir3; Ispected five years ago, when 1501bs. hydraulic pressort was used. The working pressure was nee. until came Into Ma. Abel's possession in February, 1894. ness had ne fault to find with the boiler while it seas his possession, William Marsh, Cosby, near leslcester, said he vsee.: foreman boiler fitter, and was at one time surriie tendent of boilers and machinery on a seetion of theS3tise Canal. Morgan worked for him. Witness lent .t 15 hydraulic pump on the occasion of the hydraulic ttee°o the boiler of the Amy in February. lie instruc6o, I Morgan to make the necessary connections. gclqei made a report to witness, and in consequence of ths b considered that the boiler should bola 601bs pressu"- He looked at the boiler when it was under stese:o after the repairs had been done and there eel" -1 leakage. .513, Cross-examined: He was engage] on a different J 0 and had nothing to do with the boiler. Mr. Senior s'cl% the person who was making the test. Every hip I appeared to work all right when witnsss was on h°s ,"eg Witness had known Senior for three years, haele-s - engaged him several times. It was necessary t""nee sk.lted ex imination should be made periodically hi'se boilers. He considered Senior was a competent snell do the work of examining the boiler. .4 the Richard Abel, the defendant, said that he wee,ey owner of the steam flat " Amy." He had prevh)-tera owned the " Belfast," but those were the eel', -A. steam fats with which he had had any connecte4. Senior asked witness for the job of repairing the bcee'`is Senior was instructed to inspect the boiler and mk,,so report of what was required. Witness had kri3ted Senior for sometime as a boilermaker. Senior refortaye that all the boiler required was re-tubing and enees, to Witness never engaged the deceased, but left that lea, e' hands of the captain, who could take on whom he litese Cross-examined : fie had had to employ steam e; previously in his business as a carrier, but he had nje n,A had anythine to do with them personally. Be di' ght know the previous history of the boiler., when he lOnd e it, but on a complaint about Se he had it repaire tee Senior. He engaged Marsh to test the boiler or tea pressure, and Marsh made the report with regard toe! boiler. It was not a question of expense that hm e-sse emeloyed a journeyman boilermaker to examine boiler. ad' Mr. Collingwood Hope and Mr. Jordan havieg dressed tile court OR behalf of the two parties. the His Honour in giving his decision, said that heeheas claim been male under common law, it would "neer been out of his jurisdiction, but as it was brought 13 sst. the Employers' Liability Bill, he had the power tattoo He coosidered that it was pretty clear that, of was a defect in the boiler under the nseeTa:s lO the Act. What was the duty of the defeneee, le regard to the boiler? Thera was no evidshc° stes show that he had any scientifio inspection at toilere ' time of coming into possession of it. The bssr iS ought to bi examined periodically. The tube wieetlee • March or April and that was a warning that the: Was eot in a perfect condition. His dirty 011 bo° simply to hareet repaired, but to have it irmeee'eedset scieatific boiler metier. No doubt every boiler eer`e but Senior ought surely to have informed Abel c'fessieei fact, and as corrosion was the cause of the eXP that was a reason why periodic inspection sh(tie e made. He must come to the conclusioa that thernevee negligence on the part of the defendant. Be 11 OS. had a competent examination since he had obtatr,l'tne' ; boiler. There was a breach of duty either bY of not having a boiler inspection by a proper Pel,, else when he did employ somebody, that sorest° scit not find out what he might to have done, or else 6 134 ' was not competent. He, therefore, considered WA, ' plaintiff had made out his case. The question oh, hi what was the amount of dam tees, de thrOg-leii Vw plaintiff had much exaggerated his claim. Toe P, was entitled to claim three years' salary lim h ier P" deducting the cost of living. He considered thecot fef was ample, and he would therefore give judgni e that amount. vg Stay of execution for 14 days' was gralte he 00. the defendant an opportunity of appealing "tO sidered it necessary.

Tgoll MIL W. S. CAINE, m.pof ON Tap _

===== 0002601_18950323_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOILER EXPLOSION AT ATHERTON'S QUAY.

ADJOURNED HEARING AND DECISION.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE.

Mr. W. S. Caine, M.P., writing from the - trs-del' Commons on wages disputes in the iron and ste,e',,,larw.: reviews the condition of the iron trade io,,°t-e,l Germlny, and Belgium, and adds :—" iS that this country is getting heavily worsted in .•"" en - and the reasons are obvious. We- have entered uP 005 long period of low prices, and see no end Eta Yetc.t the price realised for our produce is all there is ,°trecler sion between labour and capital, and in the irnAn of tbe at any rate, labour has got hold of the thick enu •vvnioD stick, which tapers to a fine point at the end, roe aV capital has got hold of. If we are to keep our ping COT'oi all, it can only be by master and man alike Tesl;"s tent with sucii profit and wages as wiil en3bie nele. back our old supremacy in neutral markets. :003; and German workmen have their societies aod lo tions like we have, and every year sees o.s. ,mproved. They will not, as their trade go ajodi,°,t main content with the begaarly wage and t,` .Irs of labour under which they now live. fovp Improves their prices will improve too, an,“ ;or (JAI theirs. In the meantime, our workmen neeu runtr 1 eeele s:0 to their scale of pay or be dragged up to tnelf.so hours of labour. The cost of living in thia c°to quite 40 per cent. better. All we have to do ig t tha that we have a hard battle before us, bus'to con'of win it if we like. But there will be for Yea,rhe P e 0 urgent need for parsimonious economY °u - °° •^6 the capitalist; thrift, sobriety, and good sea'bee 00' part of the workman ; and kindly trust and Or between both.

oouse

0 04:e`'01 Mr. Henry Simon has presented £5,000 t ctor College, Manchester, for the endowment of 14 German language and Iterature.

in tell hou

===== 0002601_18950323_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
fit; lift 2 4411 k, 410, 2 ,493 90 qts unj Nhetno uon 25i ",)t. ! 6 '4O- ?Guth; ci 4, a le, 613 2 Wichte kl 4' 2 58 a C IVidn 2Q. 5 le' ‘Viga 2 3 a 5,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

MARCH.

FROM WARRINOTON TO

„ _Acton Brldge-7 10,7 35, 328. 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 5, 35 '448. Sundays 10 15 a.m. &hear and Hillhouse-7 12,8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 4 o,a 635 7 Suniays 9 40, 2 5.8 50. a Stops if required. Hirmingham (L & 23, 710,9 50. 120, 1 50,3 58, 1418, 830,7 28, 11 35. Sundays 3 O. 10 15, 4 20,11 35. a Mon- '4)o only. .IVlondays excepted. B• irmingham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, • 5 11. 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. ulaokburn-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25,348, 14,8 47 102. Sundays 843, 60. Nekpool-5 20, 5 45, 335, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40,12 35, 225, 4*, 6 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 240,843.00. 18,, Iton-5 45,8 25, 9 19. 10 0,10 4), 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, 7 17, +3 Sundays 843 a.m., 50. p.m. ~_43arlisle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- -5448 240,335. ~,„ehester-. 742, 95, 10 23, 12 7, 1215, 140, 152. 3 17, .44. 511, 64, 7 42' 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844. 745,11 32. ,_Collins Green-7 10, 8 20. 10 5. 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 0, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. merewe-a3 0, 3323, 710, 828, 950. 10 45, 120, 150. 3 11, 5 15, 728, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 83. (Mondays excepted. bMondays only. 8 baresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 153. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, 411643'58 44, 7 45 p.m. 9Petto (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 u 417. 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. 3 ,r °n -5 45, 'llO, 825, 835, 10 43, 1235. 115 98. 5 35, 9 15. 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,? 40, 3 43, 60, 7 '4l 45 N„,„ • *Saturdays only. rdinburgh-290, 520, 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15, rdaYB 140 a.m. 9 45 p.m. 31er's Ferry & Penketh -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 43, 2 5. 17,8 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750. `a•118-411-7 42, 9 5, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 1 i 2,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. llratuu Linesl-7 12.7 53, 831, 9 5, 10 50., 12 0 114: 5, 40, 5 29, 6 10, 70,8 0. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sim- ard. 90. 9 55, 11 25 232 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSaturdays ex 'oepted'. 1•448ow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. 40, 9 45, 4,lborne-5 45, 7 10, 835, 1040, 12 35, 1 15" "Saturdays 3 88. 535, 7 L 17, 9 15 1010. Sundays 843.60. 610,633 n.... 70.710,80,8 12.7 56,8 31,9 5, a 930,10 40,12 0,1 5,2 10,40, 70, 7 10, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15. Sunday 230, 918. ablondays and Saturdays only. eSit.- 1,.3'• exueloted. 94„Lou and Cadishead (Central)-? 0, 755, 821, 70, 105 /111!Y,8 8 56. 10 12, 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. lord-From Arpley Station-6 20,7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58. tisio.• 12 36, 116. 233, 4 11,6 18, 6 13, 18, a 7 45, 9 13. 147314 8 50, 3 8, 8 13. aSaturdayB ouly• 43'.741)001 (L. & 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 456' ;48, 55,620 7 9, 1020. Sundays 520, 835, Li's,- °' 8 43, 3 28. From High Level Platform. 1153,442r1300, 1 From Low Level Plattorm)-7 38, 825,13 0,10 14, 20,5 12,0 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 7 50, jerPool 10 24.1024,10 35, 1050, 11 50, 12 0, 1250. 1257, P. 6150-; 5, 2 50, 3 32, 3 50, 40, 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 108 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29. 530, 7 12, 75, 8 37, 11,441t1 , 7 50', e, 8 60, 96, 9 18, 10 10 10 45. alllo, 11 lj Y.', 5 30, 90, 9 55. 1125. 2 20, 2 32, 75, 830,0 39, I. 0306. al/xeept Mondays. (L & 3 0 •23 735. 950, 1045, 120, am: 311 s' - 15. 1135. Sundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135. 12 1- ' xcePted. bMondays only. 6 'ki,7 d (31idland)-6 14. 9 59, 11 39. 1255, 320, 50. 11 53. 8 1 4 25p 4 11,nm. 5nin0.":145 a 6 2d,' 22 8 0 9. , 0 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 2 38, `a• 6 13, 78, ai 45. 9 13. Sundays 8 59, 38, 8 12. --‘ulda • 16• ,4 )8 only. From Arley Statlon. ;tBl ?;riter & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14,2 0, .4f 4 65, 717, 98, 10 20. Sundays 245 a.m., 50,6 0, 7 It': ,I4L7e es teedr4 3's 04:11 From High Level Platform. (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-06 20 9 55, 10,46, 1 /4, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. sc'ta 3 nle 5815 11 40. "From Arpley Station. Cr (Cheshire' Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 21, 8 55, 90, , 9 1 11 25 11 55 12 55 155 255 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, N' 97304 7 55'2 " o j,t'Lircia., 10 12, 3 5, ,381575. 5, 9 1555, 718 , al.O 0: all 10, 11 5 . Sundays kidcll " "IY. 8 55, 9 22, 9 28, 9 05, 11-7 35, 10 35, 5 35, 7 28. 35. 1 50,2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 8440-""u-le-Willow 2 45 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0 10 10' 10214, 12 350 3570, 3 '4B, 4 21, 5.35, 6 25, 717. 9 15, S4s' *1 2 • "udaYs 2 45, 740. 8 43, 3 35, 50, 60, 7 47, 2 Pa -36, 10 raa-7 0, 755 8 21, 1027. 1227. 1 44, 2 17, 528, 7 0, , "re „Sundays' 856, 10 12, 3 50, 515.928 . "5' 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 645, 3 43.6 1.1, 7 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 240, 8 43, 335, 69, huneor 44,11 k n--7 38. 8 25 HI 0 11 48, 2i, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 8 0 , 16, 2NI (!ur Penketh')-7 56, 9S, 10 6, 1046.11 0, 12 0,1 5 1•34 9 0 °, 5 29, a 6 " 10 7 0 80, a 9 30, blO 20,1045. Sun- I ! 3.• 25, 232 9 1,8 'aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' Nhea,l' (C.L 3S-. -4 (Mid • .4 s land) via Chinley and Dore Line (commencedr St. 1.1 34. lt/ 55. 12 27. 155,46, 6 65. Sundays o 5 p.m. ""--5 25 7 8 , 7 10, 6 23, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7,12_, 3.5,, 3 30, South • 15 10 20 Sundays 8 35. 8 43, 6_ u 40• 1 14, a ,L,s_9orta (Clilishire 'Lin .9-7 12, 37, a 9 30, 11 15, ut(44l 5 3 635,79,9 e 10 Suudays 9 40, 25, 8 50, Ther3B3.s only, LlB, 6-13117--,1 20, 7 22 8 0 9 0 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.2 38,4 11, I' • a 7 45 • 9'13 Sundays,' 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- Wi nY. From 2 pies (cheithire rpiey Station. k 95, 10 11 0, 120. 15, 29 'Tnes) -7 be, o 7 0, 9' 10 a 9 30, 310 15. Sun- mzati. 9' 9 4°, 232,9 - a% Babturdays excepted. bbaturdays 32Vaues and N.-W-) -7 38, 826, 10 0, 10 14, 11 43,2 5, , .2 ,0 ,71gaa 1;1, 80. 9 48. Sundays, 48, 2 40, 7 50. 34, 3 48, 5 20. 5 45, 7 10, 330, 9 55, 11 40, 1235. 1_ 15_. 60,9455. 814, 8 47. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 2 40, 843,

7 45,8 52, 1143, 37, 436, 6 44, 829 TO WARRINGTON FROM BUati.o• uridge-6 36, 4.444 753, 4 32. 9 49. Sundays 620 ' 411.1 Hill( 9 14 1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 2 26 8, 101180- , *4O, 5 'sl'oBualn (L. & NN.-W.)-3 10, 60, 7 20 , _ _9 0,11 30, 12 15, . oir •'''` .i 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12,15%1 L, 1 23, 2 40, Ondttya. 45 a4ll-461•1'n (111dland)-6 5, 9 50, 9 °9' 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a. 20 12 55. 8 iix- -8 8 0 5 40, i - .0. a 50, 1048,1 35, 3 5 7 10, (Talbot Road)-11 12, . ',,r, 8 45 9 55, 10 35, , 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 7 55, 10 12. 81*L.'" ,84,0104 Ye 7 40, 1 35, 5 15. °9" 10 le, 20, 2 50, '4 45'1'500, (Central)--9 0. 8 27, 8 55. 55. 11;)8. 55, 815. Slindat 6 7 LU, 1 20, 4 55: 650. _ _,_, 5 13, 5 55, .4 ao. °R-5 45, 8 0 9-15, 10 35, 12 35, 2 25, 4 15 is (14 l'Ssjitll4oV• 6 10:9 20 .m. 650. 840,19 30, )3 I ••nl.• 8 41, 12 10 p.m• 422, 1 25, 2 10 40, 3:1'12 0. 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 12 34, 1 40, 11 5, 11: _ 2 e 6 30 am. 5 33, 841. 66 0 '• ' 30, 635, 7 35, 835. suudays . A °411:41. 43, 10 0 10 Rt,.,4% Green-6 39, 716 8 42, 10 9, 1236, 1 4, _l_ 47, 9 16, io 46. Sundays 81 . 15. 10 7 1 50, 2 35, a-2 3, 4 42, 60, 8 13. 920 115, 11 - -, 0 9 12. 0 Ps. ,‘",!,8 6. 9 20. Sundays 2 3 4 42, 7 10. 2 40,4 _ , ~„,_„,doy, '.,..ary,.....6 ~ . • _ ... 5 42, 8 1.). 00. 0. 7 37 ,0, 10 17. 11 43, 2 41, , .er P•tzt. 5020, 1 10 3 5 350, 4 45, 7 0, 8 3, al2 35 311n4,04daYs 7 30, 6 18, 6'50, 3 33. ali'x"Pt I 84r14,Z.,,,8* 1 2 -3 „;,.55, 7 30, 842, 924 109, 1- ,;2 11 52. 12 45 0 0. (1 yss'll 'II, ' 8, 5 20, 5 53, 6 30, 8 33, 9 I°' - 404int,„"' 1, 3. 4 0, 718.7 23. •14,11 "rlO-10 20, 2 0, 6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60 ' 9 10. 2 17.82 er a Perry & Penketh-7 12, 43, 12 24, 17,3 21 i'or.i. 6 ,1, 64. 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 257. 87. 69. -"rIla "4'll-7 55, 9 3, 102. 11 27, 232,47, 527, 657, 757 7 ts 'I 16 p ni '`,ll(eliectilr 'Lia . es)-5 44, 6 27,750,90, 950. t 8. a • 2 13, 420, 4 36, 58, 5 56, 6 57. 9 3, 13 21- -* Sllll- - I,Atinit.rw---1010, 2 0, 555. 95. Sundays 550, 95. •42. t4e--6 44, 826, 1022, 1228. 241, 535. 920, 91, 11o0„r4ndays 940,75. ' 54. 2 24, 4_558, .1125 51U Green-6 40. 8 3, 8 25,9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 1 _ _ O ~•,1 , 0 3 ,• 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 837, 9 20. .010 152 ,rn Aed r, „ ral)-" 7 339 58„ 12 5.5, 5 4, 3 1211 20, _k4taiehead (Ceti' a eqq,,or, undays 10 59, 6 50, 8 35, 10 0 • •,2 ~,,4 22, :!--8 13. 8 40, 932 156, 1117, 120. al 45. 2 13 , 6 7• 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 833, 7 .4Y -"" 4Sata otur0tur clay a excepted' ruaayis ,I,y. a ri_ a 2 65..6 0, 80, 925, 11 50, 30,Z 35,7 ;', 13Y3b),-1.0 5, •11 15. Sundays 7 30 1 2ri, ivid allondays only. *Saturday' only. 40 3 35, 4 20, 9 5 9 55, 12 20, 1 . , 'no.„, '7 45 2 10 7 20, 10 45. _ 30 .551.1147-44c1 (Cetor 1)u -5-4.4' 6 10'7 30, 8 30,8 40, 8 43, 9 2 0. 4.-302. 10 33, 1'143011 55. 1230, 12 35, 1 0, I "' 1 50, 8 0, ;2 5t31 i 4465' 04 30. 4 r' 45.,; 530, 536, 6 30, 6 35. 7 0.._. _,„, -•,,. , 4 20-. 0 35, 00 45. 110, 1130. Sundays 8 0.(19„0. , 4_ :'.' . lo'pltrir,„ 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. aNiondays and Satur , .!..r.!;,' il" 12 6 (61, & 11/4,1.-W )-5 16 7.15, 10 10 2 10,410 5-30, ' 5' ' 0100. 126 (Ni.idia:ti° I_s 0 4."'.. 5 120, 2 0, 4 0, 5 0, a 915, 1,15,a1e0xe54t Mondays 15, - I 4 104.11---6 'n 5 2 05 -47, 2 . , 9 23, 9 58, 11 9, 1 11. al - . _,_ , 2 25, --• • -,•••-6 58 6 41,7 41 9 33 11 19. Sunday s 6 40 ?..1,,, 48aturda. * * excepted. 2 4 ,116f,,,i, Yeanly. kiaturdays 8 5 9 40, 11 25, 1 5. Vt. • a as -4--r N._wo_G 0, 7 0, • , 0 6 0, 10 40. ,lai I, • 25, 5 10 7 5 .923, 1040. Sundays 6 . 0t Ithar, . ' 1 6,4Aaliester l'-''• 7 511, 925, 1138, 1235 5 20, 6 5 7 5. 85 .7 48 2 0, 3 43 (LOndon-road)-7 15, _,_, n a 10 45. Su., . J n rk.. Ictleart, • i,n.turdays excepted. 4 20 330. a° 5' 4 1 4 40 `"5. for ,(Cliethire Llue.,)- -.6 48, . _ .:_:2 3. 3 30, 4 30, 531. o ?0,10 48. 11 30. 12 30, 12 48, 1.,,5,-) q 51 tlO 50,11 0. Sim- -830 8 acto. 6 38, 7 30, , 30, 8 33,_ - , ' , . 00 a 3.1,01- 4" an,-.' nlv. 0 30, 1040. 1 40 2 0 2 5, 6 30, 8 .5. a • N11,1,11' a..htlir.l via , ,i • --068 .I'l. 37, 2 42 6 1. I R 6 hl5, 3 20 50. 6 57 Sunda" " 15,4 - , 23 11 5,) turl-1e,..w• * ' * 4 * * 42 4 24, 10 9. ~ , , , 47, G 55. 7 3?. 2 .., ‘. „w, 0 27, 'l3O. 1 9.5, 6 01 28, 1 30, 3 4, 4 7, 4 08. 5 V,. 0 7 15, 115 6,112. Sundays 830, 949, 1010, 355, , csFour lays v- Si. '8 26 mil' a 9. 1 9, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. ,Stux' .4 t, -Q, 11 20, 9 12. ' 1 4 102154 7 9---all 36 550, 95, 9 39. 11 23, 11 2.3. 2 , _ ‘7,.. ta 3.• - ' 10 47, Sundays 2 11, 935, 3.15, 6, ,•. -.• alfnu 1 • ~ excepted. o,lon,lay morm,igs only. ~, ,11Ns ~, - -3 2 54 440, 54 ,7 56 00, 9 19, 10 23, 12 .., 1 ..,' , '-' , 8.4,8 ~- ~ ,-.-2 Ifor Penket,l)- 6 51, 4 14 541. 027. 10 19, 11.124, -c,4. 521, 5 00, 622, 728, 934. ,ttun <IN s a IletE ),,'u.) _. _ - 411526'" (Midla,nd) via Chinley an ;commenced Dore Lin- (commenc I St' 11 1-11 °• 2 0. 4 55, 6 6011 days 8 19. 428,.9 18 9 55 11 15,125. 12 92. I 34, ~,,•,, 4 45 5 ig 6.10 700 4 0 ,"(. -,), *ll 28. wznda,t 4 ,:,,ti,... 6 6s, y s.**Sat *ctn.% elt rndV. 15. 2, 5°,9.. retei.t.s 810, 9 0, 1010, 11. 25. 10.2.,. u, _ uayt ~nc• 1 0, 8,5, ~g (5. 9 35. huudilys 90, 2 5, 8 O. Ism '6 A Thelv,,Y.l ''- i ` 65'17----%s• 630 9 28, 102, 1113, 115, al 41, 59, 255. - "°. 7 2oi .' '3, 6 4.5, 7 45, 937, 11 23 Sundays 820. wid -• aSaturd_ VA 8 Only, bSaturdays excepted. rg 9 10 1 2°' 4 0"5(1.0'!' N 8 56, 9 33,10 33,1 Z 16,12_,.). ,- .5,, 50', 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. Wid 1 25, 30,_3,(Cheshlre 1,10 es- 8 30„. 9 16, 10 9, 11 12. 12 ~a. _ " '' 5 7 3' ' 25 5 29 6 12 56 9 25 Sundays 8 42, 3 36, • ,9 20. • . . 7 16. 7 „ W a 4010 2 633 12 15,, 8 15, 9 31, 10 19, 11 23, , 0 52, .1.0 5). ia.:. tAys a 11, • • 49

MESSRS. PEARSON AND KNOWLES AND THEIR WORKMEN.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING CORRESPONDENCE.

We have received the following letter :

Sir,—We shall be much obliged if you can find room in your next issue to publish the correspondence, copy of which is enclosed herewith, which has recently appeared in the " Wigan Observer " relating .to the closing 3f our Ince Iron works. The animus which it displays calls for no comment.—Faithfully yours,

TEIE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO. LTD.

15th March 1895.

The correspondence referred to is as follows : THE MOSS SIDE IRONWORKERS' DISPUTE.

Sir,—Kindly allow me space to draw the attention of the miners and other workers in and surrounding Wigan to the terrible dispute which has existed for a consider- able time at the Ince Ironworks. Ido not desire to say a word on the merits of the dispute, as I believe they are well known, but I wish to speak for the men and their families, who, during the late cold winter, must have suffered to a tearful extent from cold and hunger. I know the miners and their cause have no truer friends than the ironworkers of Ice, and I do hope at every pit in the county efforts will be made to take collections, to help these men in their struggle for right. I am infortned that if they can get about three weeks over, their pros- pects will be much brighter. Do help them by your pennies at once. Their cause is your cause. You know what fighting, and hunger, and want mean, because you have felt the same.—Yours obediently, WOODS. House of Commons, Feb. 28th, 1895.

Sir,—My attention has been called to a letter of Mr. S. Woods, M.P., dated February 28th, 1895, which appeared in your issue of March 2nd. It is due to the owners of the works, Messrs. the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Limited, that the facts should be well known. I fear they are not well known, or Mr. Woods would not speak of it as a " terrible dispute." Let the following facts speak for themselves. The whole facts of the case were at the request of the Moss Side ironwcrkers brought before a committee of this board, consisting of the president, vice-president, and two joint secretaries, who attended at Warrington to meet the managing directors of the company in the presence ef two delegates :ram the Moss Side Iron- works and two from Warrington. It was shown to the satisfaction of all present, as appears from the minutes of the meeting, that the cause of closing the Moss Side Ironworks was the extreme depression of trade and the loss of the Canadian, Indian, and Mediterranean orders for the supply of which the works were origin- ally erected. Also that the firm could not provide orders to keep the works at Warrington going, and much less those at Moss Side. At the request of Sir B. Hingley that the Moss Side Ironworkers should participate in the work which was being done at the Warrington works, I am informed that a notice was posted up o that effect, and that in compliance with that arrangement practically full time has been worked at all the Warrington puddling fur- naces owned by the firm, and as a consequence more than half-time, bringing from 203. to 255. per week to the puddler, could have been found for all the Wigan puddlers had they chosen to apply for work, but no ap- plication has been received. That is the statement of the firm as to what has taken place as the result of the suggestion made by Sir B. ilingley. But what lam concerned in is to show that after hearing the explanations made by the managing directors on the 19th December, in the offices at War- rington, everyone present expressed themselves as being satisfied.—l am, sir, yours truly, DANIEL JONES, Employers' Secretary to the Midland Iron and Steel Wages Board. Eilsall, Shifnal, March 6.

The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., Warrington, Bth March, 1895. Sir,—l beg to draw your attention to a letter of yours that appeared in the "Wigan Observer" on March 2ad, in which you refer to " The terrible dispute which has existed for a considerable time at the Ince Ironworks," and call upon the colliers to assist, as they know what " fighting " means. From a cutting, taken from .th-day's issue of the same paper, which I enclose herewith, you will see that as a matter of fact no " dispute" w:latever exists, and that therefore your letter does our company a serious injustice. I doubt not that with this authori- tive statement of the case before you, the ii.nputation conveyed by your letter will be at once withdrawn as publicly and through the same agency as it was made. _ _ .

Faithfully yours, for the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co. Ltd., JOHN J. BLECKLY, Director.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
S. Woods, Esq., M.P.

Rose Villa, Bryn, Wigan, March 11th, 1835. Dear Sir,—l am in receipt of your letter re the alleged dispute at the Moss Side Ironworks. I deeply regret that you should have entirely misunderstood the object and the aim I had in view in writing the letter to which you refer. First of all I distinctly stated in my letter that I had no intention whatever of entering into the merits of the dispute. In the second place I know there must have been a dispute, or at least some misunder- standing between yourselves and your late employes, as I had a deputation waited upon me at my house on this very subject some five or six weeks ago, in which they made a very full and clear statement of the whole !of the details which led to the stoppage of your works. In the third place the one and only object I had in view in writing my letter was to solicit the aid and pecuniary assistance of the work- ing, classes in and around Wigan for the inainten- ance of these men and their families until such time as they and yourselves had come to some friendly arrange- ment which might lead to the re-starting of the iron- works. I may say that in writing my letter I had not the slightest idea of reflecting on your company, or of saying ene word an the points on which you have had discussion, hut surely I am not to infer from your latter that you object to either myself ar anyone else soliciting aid for the poor,starving men and their familieY,whether the stoppage is in consequence of had trade or in conse- quence of any alleged misunderstanditsg whatever. Thew points, in my judginent, do not arise either in my letter or the letter written by Mr. Daniel Jones to the Wigan " Observer," or in the letter you now write to inc. As you desire publicity in this correspondence, I take the liberty of sendire, both your letter and a copy of this to the' press, which I hope will meet with your approval.—Faithfully yours, S. WOODS. J. J. Bleckly, Esq.

Warrington, 13th March, 1895. S. Woods, Esq., M.P. —Sir, I have to acknowledge the receipt of yours of 11th inst., and in doing so! am bound to say that the iMer- pretation you wish to put upon sour letter to the " Wigan Observer" of March 2nd, is altogether apposed to any reasonable construction of the meaning of the words which you used. The letter " draws attention " ta the terrible dispute at this company's works, and ex- horts the miners to help these men in their struggle for right, " because they know what fighting is." If this means anything, it means that this company is attempt- ing to perpetrate some wrong on these men, and so con- veys an injurious imputation noon it, if the case is not as you represent it. Surely this is no mere appeal for assistance on charitable grounds, as you now assert, hut a summons to contribute to a fund for fighting purposes, altogether unjustifiable under the circumstances. At the time your original letter was written you were probably under the impression that it correctly des- cribed the position, but with the deliberate verdict which was before you when you last wrote of an inde- pendent tribunal, altogether above suspicion, such as the Midland Iron Trades,Wages Board, there could no longer be any doubt about the facts, and considerations of common fairness should have led you to rectify the injustice which your first letter had done. The directors of the company sympathise as deeply as anyone with the distress, which has resulted from the unavoidable 'closing of their Ince works, and in order to alleviate it, so far as it was in their power to do so, made special arrangements at Warrington for the purpose of assisting the Wigan man, but tliese arramtemtmts have been rend -red altogether fruitless, and the distress consequently " aggravated," by the persistent efforts which have been mado,vith a perverse• ?less which is inconceivable, to represent, As a opears in your own letter, that soma dispute or lock-out exi't',- although the allegation has been disproved and ad- mitted to he unfounded by the men's own delegates and representatives. As you say you are forwarding my letter of the 8'..11 inst., and your reply to the papers, I take the liberty of doing the same with this rejoinder, which I regret you should have rendered necessary.— Faithfully yours, For the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company. Limited, (Signed) JOHN J. BLECRLY, Director.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESSING 10E ACCIDENT.

While wanderin7 in the WoGas at Erkin2ton, in Derbyshire, on Saturday, a number of children came acroqs a deep pool which had still a thin caating of Me. Three of the little ones ventured An it, hut had not been on long before it broke. A man natn-d Williamson, the engine tenter at a colliery close by, tied a rope rimed his body and bravely plowed into the aster. The rope was held by two youths, and when Williamson had cot hold of one of the children he told those on the bank to poll at the rope. Unfortunately it came unfastened, and Williamson and the three children all lost their lives.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI URI)k V MARCH 23, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONOOII.

grmind hv :nf,ql. It i. warra, approved when tried will be exchanged.

"I I Hls RAZOR is D 1 tu: e from t e #s t Sheffield ) E,L und led and. if not

To be had of any re3pect atle honn,onger or Cutler at, Black It ANBLE in Case 3/6. ITANDLL; in Can 5/3. Pair of Black handle hi a flat Can 9i- - Pair of Ivory handle i L a flat Case 1316. Or post free bora the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is suppikd at 1/2,1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 0. and Cheque, WATER ;Intl*, nindlidL.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements,. and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL 11101-CLASS

===== 0002601_18950323_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ragsions, Villas &o.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c,

HURDLES NETTING

TREE GUARDS.IWIRE WORK

co :7 riciaciorss BAR IRON FENCING.

Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-locking Joints

A.ONDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
~.-' .. .....,. 7 a ----- 13 ottl e$ • -:-4 FB .:;, : ,n 3 ars ......., via 2/9 y- .... ' r'''. c, c 7 ' 1") . Vll'‘k'. . .11\ "k" " . ',V .---, ~ ~... 1% \ . • . (. t 4) it - ---- -7/ ;•••,. -41.111111411pAC FORTAR At FILE IIC . _ 4. r.,7 1 " - 1 • '''k-----.6\ " --- pOTBALL CCUB: . 7--- - _......r....=_,--..... • . I\lol.e:tit] T'e / - .:1 r• -.,.-TE.. A:77 /II scit sfattlan to -.... ...- . an. wilt) I...qye, .1 ~,-, - , ii\..A..) : ,z,,....15. . ///,,,, $ k i'.,, .."`"------,„;---::--- ---?:-.4 .- - - ..=____. ._.. . „.... ~,.., re miure 0 n 7 cy- , ,ft ~,,, i „v./. 1/4„.. ~.-.- ... , ELLIMAN BOW B. C 67 ,5---' -- '6- ----- -- - • ;"-r- -- , (0 S I ot.sh -'•"4 , ~, . ......- otv,tur z,ta.,:-,7,7 fc)., E 7/ N G LAN D , .----"\***----NN•The-W,Z76-77. -- ' a"; ----e-/-2,•!-;"-- •• ' --.. ••••:-'s.' 7.-Z--• • ' _:..:-..;:;`. ~:.:-..vingw,„.;,-: . -- •.: r . •

===== 0002601_18950323_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY YIEDICINE CiiEST3

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improvect upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as •

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little raysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTI z ILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIG,--7:2•TI(r\T, ezo.

itccb a 4111119.- SOOTHING POWDERS) 1.4)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY!' is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

"HERE'S YOUR HEALTH.

TIIE GREAT REMEDY.

ass 5'7 nrs red, s

FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBIG The Bxerneinting Pain is quickly r LvJ. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Cherniata at h. :?td. and 28.93. per box.

in ItitOOKH, BONDS' strong. rick Tea. Insidi- ous influenza is once again lying in wait in the land and nohodv can afford to ignore it. The Ids. way in which to ward off that weakening malady is to keep a cherry mind in a comfortable body. Fortunately BROOKH, BONDS delici- ous Tea can d a;I that for you and yours and for only a few pence. too. ASK ANY OF OUR AGENT who are every" here, for a- six-penny quarter- pound packet of our pert.-et Tea. It's pot up and sealed and priced by us at cur Head-quarters, so you are sure to get the rig t tea at the right price, There's real comfort for your mind and body in I hat sixpenn'erth, aye, and possibly a longer life, also. So don't disdain that littls friend in need Though little its good indeed. Wa always close at hand and ever at your ser- vice. And our other Teas at.d prices suit all People and all purees 1.1"., 1/2, 1/49 9 1/8 2/-, 2/4 AND 2/b A LB. BROOKE & Co., Ld. THE LANCASHIRE TR& WAREHOUSES, 29MARKET STREET MANCHESTER, IT. PICCADTLL Y. , , }.

1 I BIRDESTI DR. LIDINOW CAL DISCOVERY for N. 'S RI4RWAD married or singleswomen is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and 01.structions no matter •how caused or long standing, no nau,eous pills, powders. mix,tures or any other useless stomaen %raizl to rake. *inure impos2ible under thistreatment. 80/ rs may obtain particulars free cv ch,trgo by'sendiug stam addressed eaiyelope to Dr. upixGrox. A 610.thimpten BOWL:wit, Holborn. LOndou. 1r

===== 0002601_18950323_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WE AK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS. ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 9L, Is. 14.1., aril 2s. 91. each. with directions. The ls. lid. Box e sins 56 Pi I .

PREPARED ONLY DE IRE PROPRUVOR-

THOMAS BEECIiAM, St. Fielens, Lancashire,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

17F IC ACIOI7S—FrOvOMICAL— CLEANSE; TII TENTH - PERFUMES Tiffs BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Drugviste, or from the Proprietors, ha- is., post-pal.

ADDLERY, .HARNESS- &C. For Home, Colonial, and other Markets..--CA/3 HARNESS, complete set,f 3 6s. 6d.; GEG HARNESS, full size, £3 3..; Cob size, Z 2 t6s., Pony size, La tos.; Dommy HARNESS, Lt tos. HEAVY CART HARNESS, £3 13s. 6d ; Demi-hogskin RIDING SADDLES, complete, Is ss. All sent on approval. Illustrated iielitks9t itCCI gq InkiCilo9o l 9 .1 A VTai N9/010"4. ,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
8

HERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS

P YNAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or SICR- 'Ism DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAII'S FINE PLAFTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affections, Back Ache, Side Iche, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatica; in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. 111EY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grateiul, Comforting. Stimulating, .A.ND CACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. ZEST AND CHEAPEST CREST PROTECTOR. Elos'T HESIT AT E. TRY THIS WORD ERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not tot it, sent Post Free for 90. by the Proprietors. LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: lIUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett. Chemist, 32. Victoria Roa4l. EARLBSTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WAREINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. MILL:SS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. FORTLIWICH—Mr. A. B. Lewty. Chemist.

CONSUMPTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to sufferers from, these unfortunate maladies, how they can be per- manently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Wrde with full confidence to Mr. WILLIAMS. 11, Burv,ood Place, Norfolk Crescent, London. lie will send you full particulars free of all Charge.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
r_ to the Obttor.

WARRING roN BRICKLAYERS' lABOURER S (No. 4 LODGE) AND THE LATE DISTRESS. Sir,—Will you be so kind as to insert this in your valuable paper, as we deem it our pleasing duty to ex- press our hearttelt thanks to Mr. Alderman Wright and Mr. W. Owen, J.P., for the kind and benevolent manner in which they dealt out help to us during the late frost —also to the whole of the master builders for their kind- ness ? Thr-ugh the kind advice of Mr. Alderman Wright,we were enabled to take steps as:mentioned in a leMer from the Federation. We are much obliged to Mr. Skelton, Mr. Garland, and Mr. Houghton, ironmongers, and to others for the kindness they gave in the shape of prizes to be skated for on the ice' which was kindly Lent for our benefit by Mr. Joseph Welsby, brickmaker ; and not forgetting the licensed victuallers and other publicans for the generous manner in which they re- sponed to our appeal for help. We offer our profound thanks to the public generally for the kind way they appreciated us at our ice carnival, the proceeds of which were handed over to the distress fund. Persons wishing to ascertain the truth of this shall be given all information by applying to Mr. W. Gregory. Alexandra Hotel, Scotland-road.—Yours respectfully, on behalf of bricklayers' labourers, 13. WALSH, President, JOHN GARNETT, Secretary. No. 35, Marsh-st., off Manchester-road.

-- TRE ANTI-VACCINATION SCARE. Sir,—Lieutenant General Phelps, paid a visit to War- rington, on Monday evening last, in order to condemn vaccination and re- vaccination, as a failure co either prevent or stamp out small-pox. Ile treated upon the sabject of the late epidemic in a very light manner in- deed, referring only to the fact that Mr. J. G. Gornall's report on the matter, was commendable and gave fuller particulars than other documents of its kind. The Chairman invited any person, to come forward and pre- sent written questions. I presented two very important questions, which were very imperfectly read out to the meeting. The lecturer attempted to answer, but simply evaded them, and I protested against his unsatisfactory raply. I again repeat these ;questions, and ask him to clear up this matter. Ist. How can you combat the fact, that in 14 days after the worknaen at Dallain works had been ,a-vaccinated small-pox ceased amongst them? The game renaarks apply to Cockhedge Mills and other works in the town. ,2nd. liow many children under 10 years of age 44 small-pox in Warrington, during the late epidenc, vaAcinated and unvaccinated. _I will now add a few more How was small-pox first introduced bete in tg.,9g f,icptain the cause of its rapid progress and its extermination,. How came it about that every person who sought protection in time by re-vaccination escaped its raysgee, whilst a 4 the inntinas were found amongst the lluwise and tifipro. teetad,wbo fell by the hundreds to suffer pain and death? 6. Conrad 1, be can ,any cases in,Warrington conclusively with insanitary property, &c. 7, Explain difference of isolation adopted by such places as Leicester, with the method adopted in Warrington, Sheffield and other in- !f3oto4 towns. I belle4M ;.t. my bounden duty to speak that which I know to be true, gained from actual experience by con- tact with the disease. I consider my own safety en- tirely due to re-vaccinatißn, although rather sceptical prior to September 1892. I am now firmly convinced of its usefulness to protect either the young or old. I call upon him to solve the problem of Use late epidemic, before attempting to inoculate people's minds with his own foreign matter, and selecting about a dozen cases of failures, out of about as many million successful ones.—Yours faithfully,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN MOORFIELD. 44, Parker-street, Warrington, March 14, nss. -- SOCIALISM MEANS THE WORLD FOR THE WORKERS.

" Hord sol't qui mal y pence." Sir,—After very carefully viadiog through what pur- ports to be a letter from Tony Lumpkin in your last issue,l must say that I found in it a deal of coarse abuse without a single word of sound argument adduced. I do not propose to resort to Billingsgate language and mud-throwing, but I am open to argue every point of' the Social Democratic Federation programme through the Fress or on the platform with and against all comers, Tony Lumpkin included. Individualism has bad an innings,has been tried and found wanting. Even Tony Lumpkin, I presume,would confess that all is not well With the present state of affairs the world over. A remedy to the existing evils is what is wanted, and the Socialistic programme it carried out would cure all and every social evil now existing. Why not every honest man in these realms try and help all he can to save the country from the utter ruin and anarchy it is running to ? I wish to cut it short to-day,and as I have no time to write much, I will simply give you some instances of proven facts of robbery perpetrated in our midst in the light of day. The first is an extract from " Justice," Saturday, March 2nd : a The cotton duties in India passed the House of Com- mons by an overwhelming majority after an absurd scare had been got up by the Liberal papers that the Goitermrient was in danger ! We shall ere long have the most serious reasons to consider the economic con- dition of India. As the writer of this note has pointed out for the last eighteen years, the bankruptcy of our great dependency is inevitable. It is now close at hand. More than that, it would have been proclaimed lastyear If a loan of £10,000,0J0 in geld had not been contracted in England, to pay interest, home charges, etc. For our part the sooner forced repudiation comes the bette we shall be pleased. The continuance of the present system which drains the very life-blood out of British India for she sole benefit of interest receivers, officials and ex-officials at home is nothing short of imfamous. A general revolt of the natives in such circumstances would not only be justifiable but highly laudable. The worst of it is all of the men who have been at the head of the Indian Treasury know, and have admitted, in their confidential reports that this awful drain of over £28,000,000 a year reckoned in gold, and now about £50,000,000 reckoned in silver, means and must mean the utter ruin of the country. But they keep silence and pocket their possessions at home. In the face of the catastrophe impending the cotton duties business is a silly affair." Second, last week's" Truth," brought out a very gross abuse about Lord Dudley's mining rights. By an act obtained by one of his ancestors over a hundred years ago, the Earl bas the right of alining over the whole of rensett chase near Boreslev Hill, without liability for damage to property on the surface. The result is that in district after district, houses have been ruined ' • and just lately between thirty and forty people in Quarry Banks have received notice to quit their houses pendin., mining operations, which are bound to bring about their collapse. "There houses be it observed do not belong to Lord Daley, In many instances they are the free- hold property of the actual occupiers and represent the savings of a life-time. Not one ot these poor free-holders, bewever, is entitled to a penny compensation." Third, at the last sitting of the Camberwell Vestry the agenda paper contained a statment by Dr. F. L.Teed,the Public analyst,to the effect that 23 samples of milk taken in the last quarter, 13 or 454 per cent. were adulter- ated. The same authority states in the last annual re- port that the people of Camberwell pay £lOO,OOO per annum fer water in their milk, and ascribes the high rate of infant mortality to low nutrition consequent upon the infants being fed with it. The matter was re- ferred to the Sanitary Committee. All these dishonest proceedings are being carried on all round by the" thrifty individualists "and Tony ap- proves of the system . and is afraid of a change. All we Socialists ask for is " Dieu et notre Droit."—Yours fraternally,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
A. BROUCHEMITE.

recokni

WHERE IS THE CHURCH? Sir,--I gather from the New Testament that unity and brotherly love are essential and distinguishing features of the church founded by Jesus of N.. zareth and his lowly followers. But wkere is such a church to be found

on earth at present? We have many pretenders to the distinction, but where is the genuine article? I cannot recognise it in the pomp3us and inflated institution called the Church of Rome, which places the temporal and spiritual interests of its followers unreservedly in the hands of an Italian Pope.: it le not the half religious, half political Establishment of England whose Bishops swear allegiance to,and holdtheir Sees from, a woman : nor is it fund in the congeries of sects known as Dis- sent. All the various denominations I have referred to differ widely both in doctrine and discipline, and the charity which they show to one another and to the world is of the scantiest dimensions. Known with God collectively are the members of the spiritual body of Christ, scattered as, I believe, they are among all the sects; buta concrete tangible Church of Christ, bound together by the love of their Master, and having one Lord, one faith, and one baptism is a phenomenon not visible to human eyes. Next to the Romish, the Anglican is the sect which proclaims most loudly from the housetops that it is the one and only Church of Christ in the world. Yet,strange to say, appeals are made to every quarter but the right one in support of the allegation. The rites and cere- monies of defunct Judaism, profane history, true and false tradition, our pious ancestors, &c., &c., are all made to do duty as upholders of the Eng- lish Establishment. But surely, if the church is a divine institution it has no need for such rotten pillars as these, but will be able to stand upon its own legs and successfully vindicate its claims in its own proper way. Churchmen know that the Church of Christ was founded by Jesus of Nazareth arid his Apostles nineteen centuries ago, and they are also aware that in the gospels, Acts of the Apostles, and Epistles comprised in the New Testament they have what they, no doubt, regard as divinely inspired re- cords of the lives and teaching of these men concerning both the church and the world. Then why don't they come out boldly arid manfully, and fight the battle for their Church on this ground ? If their Church is the Church of Christ pure and simple,they can have nothing to fear but much to gain by such a course. If the Church defenders in Warrington can show us plainly and con- clusively that the Church is by law established in this country, with its enormous revenues wrung from poor labourers, with its bloated hierarchy called and ordained by Statesmen, and disciples manufactured by prosy at a time when they could not distinguish their right hand from their left, is synonymous with the one established by the labours and sufferings of Him who had not when) to lay his head,Tet it be done at once. The times demand a clear and explicit statement of the case backed up with chapter and verse. Nothing short of this will satisfy the spirit of inquiry that is now sifting the churches., Besides, disestablishenent and disendowment are looming in the near future, and it behoves Churchmen to show a good reason for the faith that is in them. If they can do this the hands of the spoiler may be arrested ; if they cannot,the status, and loaves and fishes of their Zion will be taken away.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950323_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TON A.

TWO WRONGS; ONE RIGHT? " Do as you would be clone by." Old (anti-socialistic) Maxim. Sir,—The plot thickens. Another budding socialist has ventured to push out his tender petals to face the chill March winds of criticism. Assuming the taking title of "Rosebud," he, not wishing to let "conceal- ment like a worm i'th bud" prevent him from showing the great extent of what he might know of the subject in band, modestly deprecates hie own ability to " broaden Tony Lumpkin's views." Nevertheless I, in return, will endeavour to deepen his superficial views on the subject of land robbery. Socialists of the Rosebud and Brouchemite type are great advocates of broad views. A.B. in last issue dilates upon anything—from cotton duties to milk adulteration—rather than face the question at issue. These good folk would much rather deal with many irrelevancies than calmly and critically examine the subject in hand. The discur- sive and declamatory style has its advantages to the Labour Mis-Leader. It tends to excitement and confus- ion of thought and gives the Socialistic mob an excuse for shouting in place of thinking—which last is indeed a function it abhors—liking neither the work nor they who set them to it. Hence Brouchemiteist discursiveness. Convenient and safe. And now for my budding friend. He has fallen into the common error of judging one age by the standard of morality of another age. The land we call England, I believe, was once held and owned by a people called the Britons. These were disposseaied by the Romans, fol- lowed by the Saxons, Danes and Normans. Now, in the ethics of the time there was no wrong in this. What the Conquerer did to the vanquished so the vanquished would have done to the conqueror had the fates been so minded. The "Right of Conquest" was a right none then disputed—even in theory—and is even new prac- tised. If this be not so what are we doing in Gibraltar, in Africa—in India ? Did the then possessors of these cr.,,lotrits invite us to come over and govern them ? Well, l U call this by Its pr.per name—thieving. So we et S will say that, judged by thd rtnent nf n.-9r* ity, the Land of England hee tfteil stolen—which the Socialists offer as a pretext for stealing it again ! To restore it to its original owners ? By no means ! To divide Socialistically and then to fight ever for the big- gest share! Personally I prefer the fighting to come oil first before the division ! But if the land is to be handed over to anybody "en bloc" surely the AVelsh—as the descendants of the British are the fittest recipients. Now the name Brcucheinite has not a very British ring with it; and possibly the Rosebud may be the product of aeother soil I Again It IA very funny to note the 1364110;i with which these land-litters give theinselees away. Our A.B tells us that" Individualism has been tried and found wanting." . . . Tes,lndividualisin has been tried and the British Empern is ar esult. Socialism has also been tried and pros:Wl miserable failure—wherever tried liesses its merits,: 'A 'Socialist colony could not exist two years tottitent aid from outside individualism. By the wav it Initay be news to some of the "Intelligent readers touchingly appealed to by Rosebud, to hear that I att, a Socialist ! Yes ! I have a system of my own which involves good to all without injustice to any. But Ido not intend to reveal my system until about 50 per cent. of human nature has been eliminated from man and my contemporaries are all of one stature— equal in strength, wisdom, and mental calibre. For then and then only will Mob-Socialism a la Brouchernite and Co..be possible or be anything but a huge political ex- periment foredoomed to failure. When men are machine made and turned out like pins.identical in every respect, Ideal Socialism may then lift up its head and cry " Eureka." In studying the literature of Mob-Socialism, one is more and more impressed with the idea that a new Socialistic decalogue is required. "Thou shalt not steal" (from a Socialist) is quite current now, —eventually, " Thou shalt do no murder " —(on a Socialist) may find a place therein ; —while they are even openly and avowedly coveting their neighbour's goods. It is really wonderful how far our frail nature will carry us in the way of " Doing evil that good may come "—" good " that is to Our- selves and cause—what we imagine to he good. The history of the Church shows how anything that told against it was suppressed, if possible, however good in itself. So the modern preachers of Socialism will let I nothing in the shape of old " moralities " stsnd in the way to hinder the advent of the political millennium. Meanwhile let Rosebud and A.B. get out of their clothes as quickly as possible for undoubtedly, somo of the materials have been stolen at some time or other,ancl did they pay for them with money quite clear of this disqualifying reproach ? Land natioualization has not an honest leg to stand on—so it limps on Socialistic crutches. —Yours, &c.,

TONY LUMPKIN.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADE DEPRESSION.

------ Sir,—Mt. Bryce, the President of the Board of Trade. wishes u. to believe that the trade of this country speedily improge. If the majority of the directors Of the large ironworks of this town were also of that opinion we might reasonably hope for some improve- ment, but I do not think they are. Mr. Bryce stated that since 1846 the periods of trade depression had been in no instance longer than six years, and as the present depression had lasted for about five years there would now probably be a change for the better. I venture to think that the trade of this country has been had m-re than five years, and if in the past it has nearly always improved after six years' depression it does not follow that it will do so now, for the causes of depressed trade in this country are different from tiv,se which existed thirty years ago,and the President of the hoard of Trade ought to know and acknowledge it, for unless we rtalise our position and meet it with manly honesty and courage I fear that we may go from bid to worse. I believe that some firms in the iron trade are and have been busy making machinery for other countries, and men and women will work at that inachinery,sometimes at low wages, and manufacture goods to be imported into this country and to swell the number of the unem- ployed. I cannot now go further into this subject, but hope this country will not much longer he, by pleasing hopes of better trade, betrayed.--Yours, S. KENYON. Warrington, March 18, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LYITIM.

TIIE VounivEans.—The men ot the Lymm many of the 3rd Cheshire who are entitled to the long service medal will parade in front of the Town Hall, Manches- ter, at 3.30 on Saturday afternoon. We understand that the medals will be presented by Lieutenant• General Hall. commanding the North-Western Division.

Comi

I NEWFIRLD INSTITUTE.—The weekly popular concert was given in the Newfield Institute on Saturday evening, by Mr. Percy Shillito, humorist, vocalist, and literary entertainer, of Manchester. The Rev. J. E. Collins pre- sided, and there was a crowded audience. Mrs. T. P. Norris was responsible for the programme, which was an excellent one. Look out for the new fpreparations with 1 i h .2.. .1-sounding names. They are ails to be worthless. Do not let them lead you away from a stindard preparation like Scott'. Simonton. No other preparation in the market is so g0.,c1 for wasting diseases like consumption. scrofuls. summits. or for loss of flesh emaciation, weak lungs, bronchitis and wasting diseases of children. (1).

THE EXAMINER. SATUROAY, MARCH 23 1895

culties and encouragements, and he himself claimed to be a missionary as much as any of his brethren who go into foreign climes, and he dared say he travelled as many miles as any other missionary on the Methodist minuses. After stating that his first connection was 1 with the ' Baptist Ckurch in Yorkshire, and giving a \relation of his return to Methodism and his three years at Didsbury College, he said in 1893 he was appointed connexional evangelist. Since then he had travelled 12,000 miles north, south, east,and west in the British Isles. His first mission was at Denaby Dale in Yorkshire. It was a very wicked village, with a popu- lation of scarcely 1,000, but they had a very good chapel, seating about 600. He had not a very good start there as he was bitterly opposed by the publicans and their friends. - He then related one or two amusing ' anecdotes, and stated that before his mission was ended he filled the chapel and saved 137 souls. His next place wai Uttoxeter, where he had at first- fearful pre- I iudice to meet. It was a very drunken place, but the first two persons who knelt at the communion rail the first Sunday were a brewer and his daughter. He then proceeded to give an account of his mission work at the various places he had visited, and as his recitals were smartened with a keen vein of humour, the audience thoroughly enjoyed his discourse. Of Horncastle he spoke in scathing terms, characterising it as a perfect hornet's next, and said he was glad when he had shaken ' the dust of the place from his feet. .In conclusion he said up and down the country they were telling the old story, and God was blessing their work, and it was the fund for carrying on this work they were asked to con- tribute to that night. (Applause.) A collectien was afterwards made in aid of the Home Mission fund, and after votes of thanks to the speakcr and chairman, the gathering dispersed.

•••••gy40•••••0•omml....,0

===== 0002601_18950323_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN A.ND EWTON.

THE SHOCKING DISCOVERY AT NEWTON. The inquest on the body ot the child found in a railway carriage at Newton, under circumstances stated in our last issue, was held at the Oak Tree I Hotel, Newton, on Friday, by Mr. S. Brighouse. Evidence as to the finding of the body was given ty foreman John Wilde. Dr. Patterson, who made a post mOrtem examination said the child had been dead two or three weeks, death being due to inat- tention at birth. An open verdict was returned. VULCAN READING Room. In aid of the above which was opened a short 1 time ago for the benefits of the employees at the Vulcan Iron Foundry, an excellent concert was' given in the room on Saturday evening. There was a very lair audience, and the difficult items on the programme were efficiently submitted by the fol- lowing artistes, who are members of the Wigan • Harmonic Concert Society, Mrs. Nelson, Miss • Wright, Messrs. C. Grime, N. L. Dowswell, J. H. , Aldred and J. Sumner. i 1.0.G.T. (EBENEZER LODGE.

The usual weekly session of the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge, No. 752., was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, on Tuesday evening, there being a good attendance of members and friends. The programme was proceeded with, Bro. A. Morris. P.C.T., being responsible, and members and friends taking part. The programme consisted of parlour games,and was very interesting. The usual vote of thanks was tendered to Bro. St Harrison and A. Morris for their services in making the meeting interesting,and the , lodge was closed in due form by C.T., Bro. J. Taylor. GOOD TEMPLAR& The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Tempters was held in the Co-opera- tire Hall, on Monday evening. In the absence of the C.T., Bro. Q.M. Sergeant Roberts,of Warrington, presided, and there was a good attendance of mem- bers. After several items of business bad been transacted, the meeting was declared open for a public entertainment. Bro. Blair presided, and gave a short address. A programme of songs and recitations was afterwards submitted by Bros. Crowther and Roberts, Sisters R. Warburton and Dixon. Bro. Roberts, of Warrington, gave an address on the work of the order in Earlestown. At the close a vote of condolence was passed with Sister Barr on the death of her father. SMOKING CONCERT AT EARLESTOWN. On Saturday evening a successful smoking con- cert was held in connection with the Loyal Viaduct Lodge of Oddfellows in the lodge-room, Wellington Hotel, Earles.town. Bro. W. Sutton, P.G.11.,* pre-. s4led, and there was a large attendance of mem- bers. The concert all through was most enjoyable, the following programme being efficiently sub- mitted :—Piano selection," Bohemian. Girl ;" song, " Dear England," Bro. G. Wright; song, "The pride of Kildare," Bro. J. Gibbons; whistling solo, "Killarney," Mr. J. Howard; comic song, " The Irishman in France," Mr. J. Williams : song, but a little faded flower," Bro. W. alawdsley ; reci- tation, " Heart's Charity," Bro. W. Sutton ; song, " Old friends," Bro. P. Kenny ; song, "Jack's re- ward," Bro. G. Wright ; comic song, " Wild beast show," Mr. J. W. Williams; song, " The dicer," W. I Kay; song, "The song that reached my heart," Bro. J. Gibbons; song, "The Crusader," Bro. W. Devereux ; song, " Anchored," W. Kay ; whistling solo, " When other lips," J. Howard ; song, " The Musketeer," J. Shaw. A vote of tnanks to the ' visiting brothers and singers, and to the Chairman, terminated a pleasant evening. DEATH OF Mn. JOHN RODGERS. WARGRAVE. We have this week to record with regret the death of Mr. John Rodgers of Wargrave-road,Earlee- town, which took place at his residence on Thurs- day morning at the age of 47 years. The deceased was a foreman blacksmith at the Vulcan Foundry, and about three weeks ago suffered from an attack of influenza. From this he apparently recovered, and resumed his employment. On Wednesday, in last week however he had to cease work, owing to not feeling well, but serious results were not anti- ' cipated. On Thursday he had to take to his bed, and except at intervals lie was unable to leave it. Dr. Valentine was called in, but as he did not im- prove he obtained on Tuesday evening the assig- nee of Dr. Starkey Smith of Warrington, and an examination showed that Mr. Rodgers was suffer- ing from cerebral hemorrhage, and no hopes were entertained of his recovery. He rapidly grew worse and on Wednesday lapsed into unconsciousness,and jjieer:y Pnraday Merning. The deCeeeed is not an old resident, lieving lived here only a little over three years. He was a Scotchman and came to England some five years ago to take up a position with Messrs. Peacock of Gorton, and from there came to Vulcan to take up the appointment Vitiell he held until his death, lie WAS greatly reipeeted by the workmen under his charge, and also by the , circle ef friends he had made during his short reAdolce. Lie Waa An advanced Liberal in politics, and interested himself eery much during the recent elections to the District Council, having presided at one or two meetings in the Wargrare Ward. He leaves a widow and five sons and daughters. The interment will take place on Saturday at Sighthill Cemetery, Glasgow. THE "MESSIAH' AT EARLESTOWN. A representation of I i anders oratorio "Messiah " was given in the Town Hall, Esrlestown, on Thurs- day evening, by the Earlestown Musical Society, before a fair audience. The society hes not been in existence more than six months, and they deserve the greatest credit for displaying sufficient courage in undertaking such a difficult task. In addition to a band and chorus of GO performers, efficient principals had been engeged, viz., soprano, Miss Young (Sir Charles Italic's Concerts, &c), alto, Miss Whitliam (Manchester Vocal Society), tenor, Mr. H. Berry (Liverpool Concerts, &c.), bass, Mr. J. 11, Thomas (Birkenhead). The leader of the band was Mr. Peplow, Miss E. L. Greenall presided at the piano, Mr. E. C. Pryor, organ, and Mr. E. Leyland conducted. To go int o detail over each chorus and recitation would take up more time' than we have at disposal, we might, however, say that in the compositiou of the choir, the bass was rather heavy, and at times com- pletely drowned the altos. On the whole the choruses were exceedingly well rendered, although as only natural, several slight errors crept in. but they were nothing of any moment. Mr. Berry handled the parts set down for him in a masterly manner, his singing of' Comfort ye," being excep- tionally good. Miss Young was in tine voice, and gave a clear exposition of the various recits which she sang, especially " There were Shepherds,"" And the Angel said."" And Suddenly." Miss iarbitham had some difficult tasks, but she performed them with credit, and Mr. Thomas's efforts were received with evident satisfaction. Mr. Leyland conducted with ability, and the orchestral accompaniments were with one or two exceptions,excellently played Miss Greenall and Mr. Pryor executed their tasks with every credit.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
"TO eND FRO IN, MODERN

METHODISM."

LECTURE AT EARLESTOWN.

- --- On Monday evening in the Wesleyan Chapel, Etrles town, in connection with the Wesleyan nom° Missions- a lecture entitied " To and fro in Modern Methodism " was gives by the Rev. J. Grange Bennett, Counexional Evangelist. Mr. Johu Adams presided, and there was a very fair audience. Tlae Chairman referring to the home missions said them was no doubt that the work which was being car- ried on in our towns and cities was a grand one. It was raising the moral tone of the people and making them happier than they had been before, while remembering ' its primaiy object of saving souls. A large 811Trl of money was required to carry on this work, but the Wesleyan Mission was equal to the work. £35,000 had been col- lected for the Mission during the year,but they had spent seinething like £36,000, and so they were about £l,OOO to the bad. There was plenty of money in the country, and he believed there were plenty of people WUO hid more money than they knew what to do with ; and no doubt if they heard of the Society being in ,tress they would come forward and assist it. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Bartley prrsented a report, in which he said the collections for Horne Missions in St. Helens and rrescot circuit were £7l Ds. ld.,a decrease of £4O on tin previous year. The colliery strike i., 1&93 affected Urn- district very Much, but they anticipated a good increase this year. The Rev. J. Grange Bennett, said that was the first time he had publicly given an account of his experiences except for a hew minutes one night in Bold-street chapel, Warrington,but lie was glad that he was doing so in the circuit in which he was born. He was a Burtonwooder. (Laughter.) Burtonwood was a very fine place (laugh- ter) very healthy and very bracing, and he was glad to find their frit mla at Burtonwood had got a scheme on foot for a new chapel, and he hoped they wouid get it. It was not his purpose to give them an eloquent deliver.. auce on the theory of missions. When their foreign missionaries came back as deputations to their h,reige missionary meetings, if they began to give an elaborate eloquent speech on the theory or philosophy of missions, or anything of that kind, though the speech might be beautiful, he was disappointed. What he likad and ex- pected to bear, was an account of their work, tbeir diffi.

-

,

===== 0002601_18950323_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CONFERENCE OF ODDFELLOWS AT EARLESTOWN.

A meeting of Oddfellows, under the auspices of the Loyal Viaduct Lodge, E irlestown, was held at the lodge room, Wellington Hotel, Earlestown, on Saturday, to . .

discuss the question of " The iusolvencv of lodges and district." Y.P.G.N. T. Tunstall presided, and amongst

those present were :—P.P.G.N. -Wilkins, of Liverpool (secretary of the Lancashire Conference), Bro. Brockle- bank, of St. Helens, Bro. Cowie, of St. Helens, Bro. M. Battersby,District Secretary,and others. The Chairman said they had met to hear something about the insol- vency of lodges and district. It was an important ques- . . .

tion, aud one that Oddfellows should hear more about. The object of the meeting was to try and enlighten their members as far as they possibly could, and show the exact position their lodge stood in. P.P.G.N. Wilkins said the question was, what consti- tuted solvency and insolvency, and what were the ob- vious remedies for insolvency where it existed, and the best means of keeping up solvency where it existed? He was glad that the brethren of that lodge had taken to heart sotne of the lessons that had been taught by the conference at Bolton. That conference was not called to find fault with the various districts in the Unity,only

;,3 tar as showed they were not open to argummit, but was called to ask the prominent members in every dis-

_ trict to attend there and discuss mattersiot:benefit to all. But they thought by calling the lodges together they could raise discussion and lead to the truth coming out, and the truth would lead to a better state of things at the next valuation. He thought no one who considered for a moment what a Friendly Society was, would deny the imp.rtance of that Society being solvent, and per- haps it would be as well to commence that discussion by explaining what was meant by solvency, as there might be a deal of uncertainity on the point. It had been stated at times that every lodge was solvent when it had £lO per member. They knew perfectly well that there were plenty of lodges in the Liverpool district that had £lO per member, which were perfectly retten. He took it that the solvency of a lodge was recognised just the same as solvency in business. Some lodges simply took their balance sheet, and said they had received so many contributions, this year, and had only paid so much sick pay, and were so many pounds better off than

last year. But they forgot that during that time their lodge, consisting of 300 or 400 members had increased its age one year, and if they neglected to provide for that Liability, they would find that their balance was not so great as it formerly was, and instead of getting solvent and saving money year by year. they were not saving money against that liability. Alodge was solvent when the money they expected to obtain was greater in amount than the claims they expected to obtain. The practice or method by which that was obtained was what they called a valuation, and that valuation was a new thing so far as Friendly Societies were concerned. He then proceeded to enter into detail in order to show the principle on which the valuation was worked. In order to get at a valuation they wanted to get really at the value of a member's contributions. Taking an hypothetical case of the valuation of a lodge showing a deficiency of £lOOO, and if the lodge went on its natural course, and they did not admit any more members into their lodge eenleene Would be short of £1,003 in sick - pay, and funeral benefits, altogether but that only took • place when the whole Ot the capital was exhausted. Tie; elotglree of adequate contributions was an import- nc ; it meant a proper amount of contributions for the benefit promised. It was clearly laid down in the text books, that it was impossible for any • lodge to err from ignorance on that point. Another important point was the regular investment of funds. He believed the regular and mompt investment of lodges in the past had more to do with the present state of lodges than any other cause that could be pointed out. If they had seen the balance sheets of many lodges they would find it to be a common practice to. have £2OO or £3OO in the Post Office Saving Bank, and the only advantage was that it was safe, but when they had said that, they had Aaid all they could say in favour of it. There was an- other worse investment, and that was money left in [ treasurer's hands, by which they were not fulfilling their appointed duty, and that was the duty of I earning interest. The rule of keeping the , funds separate, was supposed to be a ' primary one in connection with their Society at the present ' time, but they were also aware it was very seldom car- ried out; as, although the funds are supposed to be kept eeparate, yet they often feund on the balance sheet, due to the treasurer £5O or £lOO. It was however not due to the treasurer, but to the sick and funeral fund. With regard to the spending of the money, there were just a few points that might be mentioned. They found that sometimes out of charity, sick pay was paid when it should not be paid. There were a good many questions raised as to what were proper investments, at the pre- sent time. It was clearly laid down in the Act of Par- 'lament as to how far they could go in investing their money. They could invest perhaps best of all on pro- perty, and that was where they would get the best 'amount of interest, especially if the Committee kept a ' watchful eye over it. It was to the interest of the .younger members of the lodge tro see that the funds were properly invested. Solvency in lodges was to be secured by proper contributions, proper benefits, and proper in- vestments of funds. If those three principles were car- ried out, lie did not think they could find a lodge that was insolvent. With regard to insolvency of districts, the districts were only the amalgamation of the lodges, and if in their own individual lodges they could work to make their lodge selve:nt, there would not be much trouble with the districts. (Applause.) Br ~13tick'ebenk agreed with the previous speaker that if they had the lodges sound and safe, the district would also be so. After commenting upon the efficiency of the management of the Loyal Viaduct lodge, he said the only thing that he could see for the future prosperity of the lodge, was to accommodate their continuous sick pay to the requirements of their capital. By decreasing their continuous sick pay by 20 per cent., they might hope at the next valuation to be sound and solvent, possibly with a small surplus, but otherwise their deficiency would surely increase. (Hear, hear.) Bro. D. Williams, after referring to the remarks of the previous speakers, gave a lot of figures referring to ttfe question of deficiency, and also quoted statistics show.' ug the expenditure per member in sick benefits for ten years, stating that duhng the last four years it had averaged over 15s. per member for that particular lodge. , Bro. W. Gilmour said the lodge had for 30 years en- deavoured to lead the district in a straight and proper manner. A man juiced a Friendly Society with the view that when he got old there would be something for him, instead of going to the workhouse. He was a strong advocate against reducing the benefits of old members. fie should never consent to the reduction of the sick pay to old members ; his experience was that they were paying inure to the young members than to the old. (Hear, hear.) Bro. Cowie, St. Helens, also contributed some general remarks on the subj ct-. —Bro. M. Battersby, district secretary, expressed his pleasure at the meeting which he hoped would be of some benefit, and Bro. Silcock, Colborne, having spoken, Br.-. Connor proposed a vote of thanks to the visitors, and Bro. Gilmour having seconded it was ueanimously accorded, and the busi- ness terminated.

ST. JOHN'S 11.4. LL, EariLEstowN. On Saturday et ening (March 30) a grand concert will be given in the &have Hall, by the Drum and Fife Bawl, which is connect,qi with the Mersey Mission to Seamen (Runcorn Branch). To increase their capabilities for giving enjoyment several young ladies dressed in sailor costume, will give their sorvices. In the afternoon a concert wid be given for the entertainment of the children, at four o'clock. On Om whole, there is a pleasant time in view tor the Earlestonians. Further particulars may be gleaned from our advertising columns.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
.-,......p...........

ALL llousv.noLn LINEN, hemmed and marked free c,f chary... —J . and W. Dirrrax, Sankey-st.. Warrington.—Adt, WRING NG MACHINIIS.—GAALLND, Ironmonger, Warr- iturtAdi. LAWN MOWIII2S.--GatiLaxn, Ironmonger, Warrington arid Harlestown.

ALL HOTAKHOLD Lnour beamed end a,irked, free of ct4erge.—.7. auti W. DUTTON, Soakev-at... Warriugton.—

===== 0002601_18950323_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN HOME MISSIONS.

TEIE ANNUAL MEETING. The Rev. T. Ogden Taylor preached sermons, morning and evening, on Sunday, at St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn, in behalf of the home minion work et the

Wesleyan denomination. Thera were large congrega- tions. At the evening service the choir sang" Send out thy light " (Gounod). Collections were taken in aid of

horne Mission work.

The annual tea meeting ,was held on Thursday even-

log in St. Paul's Churck.- There was a good attendance. I Mr. G. Bellamy occupied the chair, and there were also present :—Revs. T. Ogden Taylor. J. S. Hughes, T. Brackeubury, W. George, J. H. 'rite, and Messrs. P. Speakman,J.P., C.C., F. J. Norman,J.., A. R. Norman, E. Taylor, and R. Robinson. The Rev. W. George read the annual report. Them- coma for the year ending at conference, 1894, including £l,OOO appropriated for the reserve fund was £35,523 2s. ea. The expenditure during the same period had been £36,534 15s. 4d., leaving a deficiency of over £l,OOO. During the year Runcorn had contributed £74 17s. 4d. One hundred and nine home missionaries were reported as engaged in the Methodist home mission work, as against 100 last year and N the year before. The number of ministers appointed for work in the army and Royal nary was twelve. The Chairman in the course of a short address said as a church they came inte existence to carry on home mission work and it was by carrying on this work that they justified their existence. (Applause.) Referring to the social evils of the present day, lie said the onty solution of them was to be found in the people becoming possessed with the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.)

The Rev. Ogden Taylor then delivered an address c n the work of the Wesleyan Home Missionary society in the counties and cities. FL: raid the political power ( f the present day had passed into the hands of the work- ingmen, and it was of the greatest importance that they should be brought up in the lines of sound Christianity. He believed the righteousness of the Bible was the right- eousness which exhalted a nation and if a nation cast itself from the Bible it would be a bad day for the • nation. He hail been a close and sym- pathetic observer of the artizans of this country. He had tried to gain their friendship and did n(l5 believe that they were unbelievers in religion. In Lan- cashire, Cheshire, and Yorkshire the working people still retained much of the religious teaching gained in the Sunday school in their earlier days and they only wanted genuine sympathy to bring ti.ein over to the churches. It was his opinion that in the future, the Methodist church would be in the closest sympathy with the great masses of the people of this country. The Rev. J. S. Harris, of Irwell-st. mission, Salford, gave an address on the work of his mission in the slums of Salford. He said the mission was commenced about three years since. The mission room was one of the old sanctuaries once amidst a huge population, but which had now deserted the neighbourhood and re- moved to the suburbs. The place was nearly empty and a new departure was inevitable. The rev. gen- tleman explained that three years ago he was sent spe- cially by the conference, with a free hand, to again fill this old desertedchapel. He referred to his methods of visitation, of advertisersent, of making use of the Press, whicn, he stated, had often enabled him to reach a larger congregation outside than he reached Inside. Open air services were held, and these were helped by means of a brass baud. Be spoke ot the co-operation lie re- ceived from the laymen who still attended the chapel, in his work amengst the slums of Salford. The mission had been a suecese from the first. There had been four- teen quarterly meetings and increases in membership had been reported at every meeting. The two great watchwords of their mission, and of all the Wesleyan cnissiona were, "Concentration, Adaptation." He re- ferred to the liquor traffic, which was their deadliest enetny,and had to be fought resolutely. The great ques- tion of the unemployed had forced itself upon their at- tention. He bad found work for a number of men,and he believed this was the truest kindness. file rejoiced , that the social question was coming to the from, and declared that at the bottom of every social problem there was a social wrong. ,Mr. P. Speakman proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, and in doing so said home mission work had his heartiest 'empathy. He spoke of some of the die- graceful sights he had seen in the poorer districts,which were a discredit to a civilised country. fie also thought they could do with more mission work in Runcorn.—Mr. T. Simister seconded and the motion was carried. The Chairman replied, and the meeting terminated.

IMPERIAL PARLIMENT. (Continued from page 6.) THURSDAY. WELSH DISESTABLISFIMENT. In the House of Commons on Thursday Mr. BRYCE re- plying to Mr. BOWLES, said the official receiver in the case of the" Balfour group "of companies had borrowed large sums at the express desire of the committees of in- spection and after the proposals had been approved by the Court. Sir E. GREY stated, in answer to Mr. BOWLES, that during the hostilities between France and Madagascar no part of British territory would be allowed to be used as a base for hostile operations. Asked by Sir E. A. BARTLETT whether the Swazis had agreed to accept Boer administration, and whether any Boer armed force had entered Swaziland, Mr. BUXTON said he believed the Swazi had peacefully accepted the administration of the South Africa Republic. In answer to Mr. SCHWANN, Sir E. GREY stated that cases of ill-treatment of Armenians which had been brought to the notice of the Government by the reports ot British Consular officers had already formed the sub- ject of separate representations to the Porte. The Government would spare no effurt to promote the effec- tive co-operation of other Powers to secure the introduc- tion of reforms in the government of Armenia. Mr. ASQUITH, in moving the second reading of the Es- tablished Church (Wales) Bill, said the object of the bill was to terminate the legal establishment of the Church of England in Wales. That was its central and essential provision, and everything else was subsidiary to that main and governing purpose. It ws.s a historical fallacy to represent the Church of England as ever baying been a mere offshoot and dependency of the Church of Rome. He defied anyone to dispute the proposition that whether or not there was a transfer of the privileges and endow- ments of one Church to another. Parliament did,between 1530 and 1570, assert and exercise the right of prescrib- ing the auditions of tenure on which every ecclesiastical benefice in this country was held. That was the price which a Natioaal Church paid fGr the so-called privilege of establishment. It was for them to consider whether : the privileges and disabilities were worth the ' price which they had always had to pay and would always have to pay for that state of things. Sir M. H. Bitecn contended that the Government were attempting to attack the Church under the disguise of yielding to what they called the national demands of Wales. The Principality was to be treated in this matter as a separate nationality, contrary to history, contrary to geographical facts, and he believed not in accordance with any views which the Government would be prepared to carry to their legitimate conclu- sions. The debate was continued by Mr. GERBER/. RoBERTS, Mr. PENROSE FITZGERALD, Mr. T. P. PRICE, Mr. U. LODER, Lord CR.INBORNE, and other members, and then adjourned.

In the House of Lords Lord HOBROUSB moved the second reading of a bill to amend an Act passed in 1781 for preventing certain abuses and profanities on Sundays. Ele stated that the recent prosecution of some people at Leeds who had wished to provide rational instruction and amusement on Sundays had led to the introduction of the bill, which provided that if lectures or addresses were delivered with a view to the public good, and not by way of trade or for the pecuniary profit of the promoters, those persons should not be liable to prosecution under the old Act of GEORGE 111. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY said the bill would require an enormous amount of re- casting in Committee, and if it was read a second time he would suggest that it should be referred to a Select Committee. Lord Caoss Suggested that the second read- ing should be adjourned sine die, and that a Committee should be appointed to consider in what way the Act of • Emma 111. could best be amended. Lord Ilontrousa agreed to this course, and the second reading was ad- journed.

.r

===== 0002601_18950323_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAIf.

REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF GAS.—The Frodsham Gas and Water Company have decided that a reduction of 3d. per 1.000 cubic feet will be allowed on all gas con- sumed by meter (prepayment meters excepted) if the accounts are paid when delivered or within month 1 from date of invoice, commencing with the March quarter. LONG SERVICE MF.DALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.—At the presentation of long service medals at Chester, on Wed- nesday, the following Volunteers at Frodsham, who are members of the "I" company, 2nd Earl of Chester regiment, received medals :—Lance-Sergeant John Wilkinson, Private James Holland, and Private James Caldwell. wEst.v.ran 'lons Misstoxs.—A meeting was held in Trinity Wesleyan Chapel, Frodsham, on Wednesday evening, in support of Wesleyan home missions. Mr. Norcross, of Kingsley, presided. An address was deli- vered by the Rev. T. Brackenbury, of Runcorn, who spoke of the mission work carried on in the villages and hamlets throughout the country by the Wesleyan de- nomination.—The Rev. R. Rentin read the annual re- port from which it appeared that the amount contri- buted from Frodsham to the Home Mission funds was £lB 17s. Ild, from the following sources :—Yearly collection, £4 Is. : congregation collections, £8 3s. IC; public meeting. £4 2s. 3d. ; and one-third of the Juve- nile Association collections, , viz , £2 10s. 10d. Mr. Swaby also delivered a short address. A collection in aid of the Home Missionary funds was taken at the close of the proceedings.

WARRINGTON.

P.S.A. AT THE Y.M.C.A.

On Sunday afternoon Mr. John Taylor took the chair at the usual meeting of the above. The Rev. J. Yonge was the speaker and he gave a very inter- esting address on "Religious Manliness." Mr. J. H. Draper acted as soloist and sang with good effect the solos "Comfort ye" (Handel) and " There is a Green Hill." Mr. F. Hickman acted as accompanist and Messrs. 'Tendon and Gregson assisted in the meeting which was well attended. ACCIDENT AT MESSRS. CROSPIELD'S SOAP WORKS.

A workman named John Beswick, 44 years of age, and residing at 47, Winwick-road,, met with a serious accident on Monday afternoon whilst fol- lowing his employment at the above manufactory. Ile seems to have been working at a consideraole height from the ground when, by some accident, as yet unexplained, he was precipitated to the earth. He was picked up and taken to the Infirmary, where, after being medically examined, it was found that he had sustained a scalp wound and a contusion of the back. Ile was detained in the institution.

Mn. E. L. FLETCHER. The "London Gazette" contains the announce- ment that Mr. E. L.' Fletcher, of Warrington, has been promoted to the rank of second-lieutenant in the Ist Batt. Prince of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment)—in other words, in the Warrington Volunteer Corps. In the "Picture Magazine" for March is a reproduction of two photographs, one by day and the other by night, of a couple of snow figures which Mr. Fletcher had photographed and sent up to that paper. The photo- graph taken at night was accomplished with the aid of a magnesium flash light. SEWIN4 Ma.cßusEs, Hand £2 18e. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. witb handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. Dur Tax, 16 and ld

Sankey-. • Wwrringten.—A VISIT OF MRS. COMMISSIONER BOOTH-TUCSER TO WARRINGTON. Special services in connection with the Salvation Army were held in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick- street, on Sunday. There were about 7CO present, among whom may be mentioned :—Mrs. Commis- sioner Booth-Tucker, and Field Commissioner Miss Booth, who were assisted by the General's private secretary (Major Milan), Major and Mrs. Howe, of the Liverpool Province, and Major Alice Lewis, of the military and naval league. Mrs. Booth-Tucker took for her text,trom the words, "Then said I,woe is me for I am undone because 1 am a man of un- clean lips." At the close of the service a collection was made amounting to about .£8 13s. SUPPOSED SUICIDE AT WINWICX. On Wednesday morning about six o'clock, the body of an old man, named John Clare, was found hanging in an outhouse at Hultne, near Winwick. The deceased was 62 years of age,and for about two years had been a greengrocer. During the last few months, he had frequently complained of pains in his head. On Monday night last he complained of being unwell whilst in bed, but when his wife awoke about six o'clock on Tuesday morning she found that he had got up. He as not seen during all that day and night. On the next morning a search was instituted by two young men, who saw his body in an outhouse ;some distance off. They informed P.C. Groarke of the affair,and he went and

. . cut the body down, life being quite extinct. The rope employed was a clothes line, and the feet of the deceased were within three inches off the ground. SEWING MACHINES, Haul £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4e. with handsome walnut cev.r.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 13, Sankey-it.. Warrington —Advt. TEMPERANCE MEETING AT PADGATE. _ . . .

On Tuesday evening a meeting of the British Women's Temperance Association was held in the Padgate Wesleyan Schoolroom. Miss Bradbury, of Warrington, occupied the chair, and was supported on the platform by Mrs. Yonge (president), Mrs, Garnett (Peuketh), Miss Emily Bennett, and Mrs. Gunnell. Tnere was a good attendance of ladies, and a scattering of gentlemen. Mrs. Garnett pro- posed the following resolution :—" That this meet- ing, while grateful to Lord Rotebery and Sir W. Harcourt, for the prominent place given to the Liquor Traffic (Local Control) Bill in the Queen's speech, respectfully urges the Government to use their utmost endeavour to pass the Bill this session through all its stages in the House of Commons," and that copies of this resolution be sent to Lord Kosebery, Sir William Harcourt, and the local mem- ber. Mrs. Yonge, wife of the Rev. John Yonge, seconded the resolution and in a neat speech advo- cated the cause. The resolution was unanimously ' adopted. Miss Bennett sang a sole during the course of the meeting. BAPTIST MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. At the usual meeting of the' Baptist Mutual Im- provement Society,held in the clioolrootn,Golhorne- st.,on Friday evening, hiss Gemmell gave n address on" Woman." The essayist alluded to the efforts women were now making to obtain more public spheres of labour, and rema:ked that this aro e from men having usurped positions that women were better able to fill. She agprecated men serving as shop assistants, as she tuought women by their superior taste, judgment and disposition were better qualified to attend upon the ladies who formed the majority of buyers. Still, she was no advocate for women to occupy these positions. She believed woman's true sphere was the home, and it was there that, by her ready tact, her loving sym- pathy, and her tender affection, she best fulfilled the duties she was destined to till. Au interesting discussion ensued, the speakers being Messrs. N. Balmford, R. Miller, S. Rickers, 11. Walker, W. Patrick, and John S. Green (chairmsn). Votes of thanks concluded the meeting. WEsLEYAN CIRCUIT QUARTERLY MEETING.

The quarterly meeting of the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit was held on Monday afternoon, when tea was provided by the circuit stewards in the band room of Bold-st. Wesleyan Church. At the subsequent meeting, the Rev. J. Kirtlan pre- sided, and was supported by the Revs. Owen Wat- kins, G. D. Mason. and J. Gunnell, the circuit stewards (Messrs. W. Bennett and R. G. Henshall), and a large number of the trustees, local preachers, and stewards of the various churches in the circuit. The numerical statement presented by the Chairman showed that there were 1,057 members, with 53 on trial, being an increase on the quarter of eleven,and of 22 on the year. There were also 271 junior mew- -1 bers. The thanks of the meeting were presented to the Revs. Owen Watkins and G. D. Mason, the former of whom was unanimously invited to become th 3 6uperhiteudent of the circuit in Sep- tember, and the latter, second minister. The Rev. W. G. Triggs of Redhill, was unanimously invited as the third minister at the next conference. The Rev. W. Potts of Nottingham, was invited to be the superintendent at the conference of 1896, and the Rev. G. Ha^rbottle, of Blackpool, as the second minister. The report of the new church at Latch- ford was given, from which it appeared that only £l5O was required to secure the connexional grant. Arrangements were made for the Liverpool Synod which is to be held in Warrington in May. This will be attended by the circuit stewards ex efficio, and also by Miss Bessie Dutton and Dr. T. Starkey Smith, J.P., who were elected to represent the cir- cuit. A memorial was signed by the Chairman on behalf of the meeting, against the African slave trade, and was ordered to be forwarded to the prime minister. CLAIM AGAINST A WIDNES MILKDEALER. At Warrington County Court, on Thursday, Her- bert Lees, of Dairy Farm, Newton-by-Daresbury, sued Thomas Parry, milk dealer, of Sitnm's Cross, Widnes, for £l6 17s. 10d., balance owing for milk supplied and for the value of six tankards detained by defendant. Mr. Arthur :Browne appeared on behalf of the plaintiff and informed his Honour that at the last court day the defendant had dis- puted the amount and the case had been adjourned in consequence, but as he now failed to attend he (Mr. Browne) asked for judgment for the amount claimed. The case was that the defendant had been supplied with milk by plaintiff from November 16th, 1893, to December 15th, 1893 to the amount of £34 17s. 10.1. The defendant had also detained six tankards which had never been returned, and which plaintiff valued at .£6 making a gross total of £4O 17s. 10c1. In January 1894, plaintiff placed the matter in the hands of Messrs. Mainwaring for collection, and they wrote to the defendant, de- manding payment of the same. In response to the letter, the defendant attinded at the office of Messrs. Mainwaring, and there met the plaintiff. The latter asked him if he disputed the claim,and he replied that he did not, and only wanted time to pay the money. It was therefore arranged that deferment shoula pay £5 down and .£1 per week afterwards. He only paid .£23 until the entry of the summons into the County Court of February 25th. Since that day, he had paid .£1 leaving a balance of £l6 17s. 10d. which included £6 for tank- ards. Mr. lirowne's statement was borne out by the plaintiff, and George McGowan, clerk in the employ of Messrs. Mainwaring. His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for ..£lO 17s. 10d., and £6 damages, such amount to reduced to £lO 17s. 10d. and 10s. for the detention of the tankards, should they be returned within a week.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTiSTRY

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged.

TEETH.

All Consultations Free. Each patient informed beforehand the cost for

work required. TEEM. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. rrEETH. 1 -1-

An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid Of Nitrous Oxide. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. EXORS. OF THE LATE

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST NY EXAM.)

MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET

(NAT. TEL. No. 1660),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STREET,

ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET,

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MES

WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-M

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST.

NoßTHwicii, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLENAILKET-ST•

6. What! these spoiled hands are caused by Washing nay' I am surprised, get MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAP at ones, I pray.

M.A.R.BETS. WARRINGTON MARKET.-WKDNESDAY, Feb. 13Tft, FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY, BUTCHERS',AN 0 FISHMONGERS' TABLE. a. d. s. d. S. d. fl• 4 Beef, Eng., re 0 sto 0 9 Melon, each ... J 0_ 0 0 Lamb per lb 0 C-0 0 Oranges, each 0 0- 0 )., Mutton ~0 6- 0 10 Celery 7 stick 0 0- 0 .• Veal „ „ - 0 10 Pears 0 0-0 0 Pork „ „ 0 6 0 8 Apricots each 0 u_ 0 0 Pork sides - 0 1 , cured - 0 Q . Whole pigs„ so 8 0-8 4 Cucumbers eachl 0 - 0 0 . Geese „ - 0 10 Calsbages each 0 2-0 1 Fowls 7 couple 4 6- 5 6 Tomatoes f 03 0 0 -1 t:} Chickens - 6 0 Filberts lb - 0 v , Ducks „ - 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0- 0 0 Rabbits -3 0 Turnips „ - 0 ! =, Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus PlOOO 0- 0 " • Pigeons,, l- 0 0 Potatoes sf,' load 10 0-11 0 , Part'idgebrace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes ~0 0 0 0 ' Grouse ~ - 0 0 Mushrooms tem 1 6- 0 o Pheasants -0 0 Green Peas IP lb 0 0- 0 0 ' Turkey 1 0-1 2 Green sprouts It 0 3- 0 0 Butter, fresh ts 1 2- 1 3 6-ans,kidney ml 0- 0 0 Hen eggs 12/t1.4 1 0- 0 0 Pomegmnates...o 1- 0 Q Duck „ - 0 0 Walnuts „ 0 0- 0 0 , Apples lb - 0 3 Lemons „ ...... 0 1- 0 0 Onions ~ -0 2 Cheese o 0-0 0 Grapes „ 0 0-3 6 Fine Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 „ good Greengages V' te 0 0-0 0 • „ ordinary 3O 0 _4O 0 Cherries , ..... .00- 0 0 Lobster 7ls -0 n° ' Strawberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ - 0 Damson.,, ~0 0- 0 0 Salmon t. - 2 2 Plums „ 0 0- 0 0 Whitings - 0 6 Gooseberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Fluk,s „ Raspberries ~0 0- 0 0 Eels ~ ~BlacicCurrants 0 0-0 0 Soles ~ ~Red Currants 00- 0 0 Sparlings - Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish ~001 14)3 --- 1001 11 Seskale r tl.lO o—o 0 Mackerel each 03-0 S , 1 Ilibubarb bob 0 0- 0 0 Herring V dozen 1 0- 0 ~ , ,

3 ' REVOLUTION IN HIE WATCH TRADE. 0 a/ T. B. CARD WELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to !Heel:Art(o3, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will ba surprised that a genuln 3 English Lever can be made (or the price, but T. P. CARDWELL has suoceeded in producing an Engllo Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years can,be had at

CARD WELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18 carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches. from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

GEORGE HENRY ,L E & CO BASSETT STREET

LIVERPOOL,

Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF

FANC ARTICLRS. -- SILVEA AN6 BLECTRO-PLATE. TR3, ART EMBROIDER-

AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY TIRSIIRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS Oa

NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys rovl Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. °Tata BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DE.—

Autograph Circle FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN

Tll3o' G. 11. and Co.'s h. 30. Box of Christmas Year Cards. Containing 53 Cards arid Envelopes. The/ best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, origin‘ value 10s. By Post eV. extra. ful THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most IT'e Compendium for the Household, containing Household Accounts and Washing Books, be mass of Useful Information for the Home. P 6

Free Is. 6d. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES. GENTS TIES, Bna SCARVES. nAS, SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND 80— DRESS MATERIALS, ac.. For Present a.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & Co, BASNETT STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950323_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGES

HARROP—GORHAM —March 10. t the Parish Chttreill,,, rington. by the Rev. F. W. Willis. Jolipti Bridget Gorham. WILLIAMS —THO KNILET—March 14. at the Part - Warrington. by the nev. A. A. Miirkliem, Ifertroll Williams to Ann Thorni ley.

-.. •••

r

as;

tol

===== 0002601_18950323_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATHS.

aittees, March 10th, at Sankey-6t,eet, Warrington 'he, 31— I aged 6 THU'S. wale March lAth, at Stevenson-street, Warrington. Mer.. ittl, aged 35 years. ocit gton. March lath, at, Longshaw's-place, Warrin vo Jr mes. aged? months. rea March 12th. at General-street, Warrington, !Jogs- t aged 40 years. ts/aC° March 13th. at School Brow. Warrington. gd.ara de vale. aged 31 years „„tbitts aV- 314rch 14tn, at Warrington Infirmary, John Dew- -30 years.

MEMORIAL CARDS Tsitllgpil AT cot Just received a large Stock of LATEST Fleg. viito kthMOIIIA.L CARDS. Call and inspect aaVindoot printed at shortest notice. Also Postem and Handbills, Bill Heads, Ac. Newest tyPe Machinery. Se GREEN' lEMIGH PRESS. ~.„Tc. !REST, WARRINav'T.......

ril-iii

U_A t Waryington.—Printed and Published by Jug- etsey--.oe- a The Exansiner General Printing Works. Oviotorit,o,S, and Published also at Tim Kramiller rge.4 ittrod, Wroxice High-atreet. HIINCOAIC 32.u`ieg.-• yrsien* g gad Marta-street. 23 ISC.S.

2,

4.4 (11,1 Veit,

li

A. top

'- JOHN THB BO: 34, BRIDGE

===== 0002601_18950323_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
HUSSEY'S • INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY FOR EVENING WEAR. Best quality imitation and real Diamonds in Gold Settings, Bracelet., Necklets, hair Ornaments. Rings, and more than 3,000 Brooches to select from. Fancy Goods in endless variety, warm Skirts, Blouses, &e. Lace Collars, B3WS, Ties, Frillings. HUSSEY'S, 116. BOLD-S num, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. Rim., OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THB UMBRELLA.) PUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. lk T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSfor Cure of Rupture; registered; eonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 19. Grosvenor-street. ton- "on-road. Manchester.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Emit Office 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £sto £l,OOO on personator other ieeurity. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly. Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O. .. 20s. „ P. £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s, £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

HIGHEST PRICH Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shefliel4 and Rleetro Plate. Antiques, Dental Gold, do. Letters attended to. O. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

NOTIOE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSE, NETHER KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the Bth day of April next, at half- past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials af all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Bth day of April next, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on TatrasnAv, the 11th day of April next, at eleven e'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District,and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-men- tioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester. at the opening of the Court on THURSO& Y, the 11th day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 18th March, 1895.

WARRINGTON. 80, B RIDGE STREET, 20T MARCH, 1895. MRS. JOSEPH DOBSON begs to thank her numerous friends and customers for the generous sup- port accorded to her late husband for many years past. and begs to announce that she has TRANSFBRRED the BUSI- MISS to her eldest son MR. J. W. DOBSON, and trusts that the same patronage will be extended to him. Mrs. Dobson will attendat the abcrre address on Wednesdays and Saturdays for the purpose of receiving accounts owing to the estate if her late husband. Warrington. 80, Bridge-street 80th March, 1895. LADIES AND GENTLIMEN. Having succeeded to the busineaa so long, and suc- cessfully carried on by any late father I beg to appeal to the public for a share of their pAtronage and support. I intend carrying on the business on the same lines as my respected father, and trust with unremitting attention nod by offer- ing the best qualities of meat obtainable at reasonable prices, to secure the confidence of the public which it slash be my earnest endeavour to merit. Town and country orders strictly attended to.— (Tours faithfully, JOHN W. DOBSON.

ANNERS' LANE COAL IV ARF WARSINGTON. THB PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES. xit.s.o WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal. Nuts, I3urgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Hallway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at I9A, biankey-st. 0

• g i.JLARKE EXAMINER 33, MANKET-STREET, BARLBSTOWN. GENERAL STATION& 11, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered tz.) Order. A good aasortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

....._, _ \,IORNISI3 TOLU AND HONEY. Iglie only Cure for Colds, Coughs, • BronchitAs, Au. MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS. CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealt ro.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND lIVRItYTHING.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS CO.. LB. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY A CO., LB., BICKERSIIAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COIL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. IS. Arpley Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Matson street, Runcorn. Garton,, Mold Jn. Arpley, Warrington.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED In large aud small quantities or TAKRN IN EXCRANGH for FASHIONABLE JRWELLIIRY OF RIrliRY DRuCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low Interest. Utmost privacy. ConAltions regulated by law. R. H. REF.D, JRWIILLI4II AND PAWNEKOKEII. • 10, MOUNT PLHASANT, LIVISRPOOL. (Close by the Adelphl Hotel )

ACKNNZIE'S FENIALN REMEDY. One case LV guaranteed to remove the moot OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRHISGULLRITIRS in 12 hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is ImpJasible. Send stamped enveh.pe for PARTICULARS. TES TI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever faged—even in the most longstanding, late ate, and lingering cases. Post tree, undercover. with written guaran- tee of cure 58. (five shillings).—Ml. W. R. MACKB/sZIR, Trafford House. 83, Dawes Road, Pulliam, Londo la Mention paper.

J. AND W. DUTTON RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 26TH AND 27TH, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, THEY WILL MAKE THEIR FIRST SPRING 0110 W OF ALL TKB LATEST NOVELTIES IN TRIMMED MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, AND DRESS MATERIALS. 16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. •

PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY LIMITBD. CHIEF OkFICE : HOLBORN BARS, LONDON. SUMMARY of the REPORTS presented at the FORTY SIXTH ANNUAL MEETING held on 7th March, 1894. ORDINARY BRANCH.—The number of Policies issued during the year was 61,744, assuring the sum of £6,282,120, and producing a New Annual Premium Income of £339,957. The Premiums received during the year were £2,077,956, being an increase of £223.586 over the year 1893. The Claims of the yeas amounted to £518,131. The number of Deaths was 3,584.an1 198 Endowment Assurances matured. The number of policies in force at the end of the year was 375.545 INDUSTRIAL BRANC H.—The Premiums received during the year were £4,244.224, being an increase of £272,360. The Claims of the year amounted to £1,548,377. The num- ber of Deaths was 188,689, and 1,304 Endowment Assurances matured. The number of Free Policies grAnted during the year to those Policyholders of five years' standing, who desired t.) discontinue their payments, was 66,478, the number in fore. being 398,078. The number 01 Free Policies which became Claims during the year, was 6,872. The total number of Policies in force at the end of the year was 11,176,661 : their average duration is nearly seven and a half years. The Assets of the Company. in both branches, as shown In the Balance Sheet. are £H,213,805, being an increase of £2,674,940 over those. of 1893. A supplement showing in detail the various investments is published with this report. GENERAL BALANCE SHEET of thePIRMEXTLO, ASSURANCE CoMFANY, LIMITED. on the 31st December, 1894. LIABILITIES. £ s. d. Shareholders' Capital 700,000 0 0 Ordinary Branch Funds 9,499,379 12 0 Industrial Branch Fund Claims under Life Policies admitted 39,180 10 6 £21,213,804 19 3 Assrra. L s. d. British Government Securities (Consols) 2,208,377 11 9 Railway and other Debentures and Debeutm e Stock Loans, County-Counoil. Municipal and other Rates Freehold Ground Rents and Scotch Feu Duties 2,483,077 18 9 Mortgages Metropolitan Consolidated Stock, and City of London Bonds Bank of England Stock Freehold and Leasehold Property Indian, and Colonial, Government Securities 1 811,199 15 8 Reversions Railway and other Shares 1,436.831 8 11 Loans on the Company's Policies Rent Charges 100,357 5 10 Outstanding Premiums 390,838 0 .6 Cash in hands of Superintendents, and Agents Balances Outstanding Interest and Rents Cash—On current accounts, and in hand £21,213,804 19 3 EDGAR HORNE, Chairman. HENRY HARDEN, }.Directors. PERCY T. REID, THOS. C. DEWEY, t WILLIAM HUGHES, Managers' W. J. LANCASTER, Secretary, We have examined the Cash transactions, Receipts, and Payments, affecting the accounts of the Assets and Invest- ments for the year ended December 31st, 1894, and we find the same in good order and properly vouched. We have also examined the Deeds and Securities. Certificates. &c., repre- senting the Assets and Investments set out in the above account, and we certify that they were in possession and safe custody as on December 31st, 1894. DELOITTB. nuvl3R, GRIFFITHS, & CO. 20th February, 1895. District :—Superintendent, Mr.l T Rowland. 69, Sankey- ' street, Warrington— ( EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 64., 104., and Is. 64. each. Wholesale by J. GEODES AND SON. WARRINGTON.

OPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES SPECIALLY MADR FROH 416. IF between the age of 30. 40, or SO, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused, awl the letters run into one a ,other, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBURN AND SON. 17, JAMBS-STREET, (Opposite 'Mersey Tunnel Station) ARE THE OLO OPTICIANS IN LIYERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchester MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Dally. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown an Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRI DAY.II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 208. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' 'TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. , MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like, MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior EnglisliAmerican. MACDONALDS' TENTHIare made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. I MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. I MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale. 13. Yorkshire-street- MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Horwich, 6, Lee-line. Thursday. Please Note the Address tt".• NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, BIGH-STR.EET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. , TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

Of. M. BEACON, 38. PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MAUR'S HOP, BITTERS , AND OLD STYLE GINGER AMR. Faintly trade specially catered for.

r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, BAST 14 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Pine Old Whisky. Welsh Alec Winter week end, terms 150.-11. BALER, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COM7OHI'S, CLEAYLINESS AND Ala MT. CENTRAL FOR BusiNags OR PLE•suas.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS. LADIES' Calf Goloshed Walking BOOTS and SHOES in all STYLI:II and PITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S -Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GurnEmEN's COURT SHOES. LADIES' and GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' GAITERS in Black, Navy, Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post free, 1/11. -Guaranteed to Fit. Send Size of Boot, UNDER THE CLOCK. DS, BRIDGE-STREET, WARBINGTON,' HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Price list pnblished twice daily durirr; the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address.— LINCOLNSHIIItt HANDICAP, GRAND NATIONAL, DERBY. Src., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD. NO REPRESENTATIVES.

FLAT RACING.—Mr. R. DOUGLAS la again in a position to supply the most reliable information, and has got something certain for the Lincoln and Grand National. Send 2e. 6d.-19T, King's Cross-read, LONDON. W.C.

T. G. P ATE,RSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER. Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE. TAILS OF PURR HAIR, 10s. Stl. HAIR COMBINGS t p•-r oz. 1 IMMOVABLE 1. from MADE UP, I 2s. 1 SCALPETTES, J 211. SHALES BROWN, 3, LBRCII-ST REST, (top of Bold-street). LIVERPOOL,

GOOD NEWS FOR Laplrs. A LADY, the daughter of a late emioent physician, will 13.. be pleased to forward full particular' (oit receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Rem-dy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS. 127 Gaisford Street. LondOn, LW. A Pobitive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m. on TUESDAYS. TEUESDAYE and SATURDAYS. or by apeointinent.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, kee of Charge. full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY. whi,'h during an extensive practice, both at home and in the Colonies, he has never known to fall In the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send ad.ireased envelope for full particulars. and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so called Remedies, dc:, which, In the majorit, of cases, are mottling tut PUR- GATIVES. and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the 'desired effect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpool

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings In the Provinces. Over IWO Patterns irect. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Cuatomers will be allowed return laze on EIO orders and above.

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT. 57, TANNERS'•LANE, WARBINGTON, Established 11373. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live ,Stock and [late Glass Insurance Co.'. owest Current Rates. Prompt, and Liberal Settlements._

LAWN MOWER REPAIRS. This is the most opportune season for repairs to be made, so that all who have mowers needing repair should send them either through their ironmonger or seedsman, or direct to THOS. GREEN & EON, LIMITED, LEEDS, or SURREY WORKS, BLACKPRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. P.S.—We repair all kinds of machines, for both,the trade and others. ALL SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at liberal cash discount by their Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

WINNERS OF THE ADVERTISEMENT COM- PETITION. ler PRIZE £3. Mr. WOOD. 40 GEORGE-ST., WEST STOCKPORT. 25D PRIZE El each Mr' POLLITT,VENTune-sT.,BOLTON. Mr.S PENCH R. CATEATON-ST., BURY. 3RD PRIZE El, Mr. BIRTWELL, 53 WHITEFISLD-ST., BRADFORD. 4Tn PRIZE El for the most suggestions, Mr. CARTER, 40 NELSON-ST., BURY. Cheques for the above amounts have been sent to the Winners by J. MRADOWCROFT & CO.. Stanley Mills, Bury. -L.-

THOMAS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. _ PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. LONG FORD-STRBRY. WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS. FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS'. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK RSTIMATED FOR.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S " ORIGINAL AND CELBRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and iswollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price Zs. 6d ,311. 6d., and 7s. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, He t Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Mak Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 35.6 d. per dozen ‘Ewes),l3e. per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea, and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appethe, Price Is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per ci.zen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhcea and Influenza. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving, For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with 4. Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Hearing of Calves and " Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Lc, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early • tithe season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars front R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincharn, • Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON. Weat Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BARER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. --- SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. -- E 1 E' '•s ILLS. 30, Randall Street. Bridge Road. Battersea, 6' V.. January 27, 1892, EADR'S pILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise L, ADS'S plus. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your (but Pills' Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my win so quickly RS your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts. Cl called Chalk Gout. —Yours truly, "w. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade. 72, GOSW ELL-ROAD, LONDON. E.G.; and Sold by all Chemists In Bottles. Is. lid., and Is. 95. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. All Consultations Free. Each patient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.EXORS. OF THE LATE J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST ET Exam.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESHAYS, at Mrs. Micas. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sr-sr. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLZMARKETAIT.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUN.N INGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

.I.ABL 11.5.5. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS. ba. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNRY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. BOYLE'S 1 Burning the New Smokeless Fuel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES. entirely superseded. A self -heating iron for 5s 1 Thousands selling. Supplied on apploval. SHOWROOMS. I 41. DRANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHAM ENGINEERING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-street. Oxford-street.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO 'ORDER In the latest style. ONE HUNDRED VATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Descriptio'n. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS. ULCERS, 0 IL s3AD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT. (CROYDON, England.) NEURALGIA, ttc. BOTTLER. 41..75. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J, H. WESTON, CHEMIST. RUNCORN,

_ TOOLS--FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, _A_ CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOITS STOOK. Joiners'. Ship Carpeaters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Plasterers', Shoemak rs', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

ANNIE TONKS, 1, LORD-STREET, RUNCORN. HOUSE, SIGN AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH I DECORATOR, GLAZIER, PAPER HANGER, AC. Orders for town and country punotnallyattended to.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORWELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, • 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUNI, AR NT.

ASTHMA' ASTHMA! ASTHMA 1 Tll LEwis REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-ST. LONDON, B.C. Wonderful Cures liffeoted. Send at once for Testimonials. Press Opinions, &c. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL If H LEK, 25., by post 25.14. THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER 'POW- DER. per bin 3s. 6d .by poet e. 9d. THI LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR. Is.,by post ls. lid. THE LEWIS Asl'iAlA. EXTERMINATOR, for Cbroni Cases, 7s. 64., comp,rte. " GIBLASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia In the HeAd, Is. per bottle. poet Is ISA

THOMAS 14 RAIN, rr .1 DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON, DRBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangement., ko. for tale Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, sod Northern Plate Glass In•ur.nce Co.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated erectual 1100P1NG COUGH HOOFING COUGH medictne. HOOPING COUGH Ur all Chemists prive 4s. per bottle. Sole Whore- BRONCHITIS Bale Agents : W. EDWAI,DS •ND to/J. 157, Queen Victoria t treet, London. CROUP

rringnilMirgnlillillErnirs 1 ,; ,- iii f. VAN ISH .41.. L'il 1 1 7:: :-,- -..--- -7( ~,A7 ' : • , id r,li i p - "t i itii , •,„,.. Fki SMV-43.. ~ El , • ~/7/4, Eiri 1 II What becomes of pain when Eill successfully treated? Wesay, liiii !A it vanishes like smoke. Thor- lig Ell?, ough treatment does away EfFi 1111 with ltaltogether. If you want PI a relief from pains in the back, EN El side, chest or limbs, use an 11 •.„,„, El ALLCOCK'S NI .: iii II PLASTER. Fill

_-.........,--.---' a .- A . Pr. J.. . :- tiEcr ....... ......,•._ ......_._____. • •. y (es ,--';1 1-----wf---f-t-\ , , .. ‘,. t..,., . , , __ , spoT , ‘• _ ..., 44,...,,,43,„_... , .. . ,•;,•:„11t...... „..„ , . ...,.,.(..,„... ..,• .._•„,, 'lk_N i'' - ii............................... 7.. '. 'W401:4 ~,rk.."*.Y, ' " •Ntla.i...v . , •,. ~ ..f.._._._ ~..i._ , ...., .;.,_, ....._x_ .A....ss\ r),,,,,t, (Ics 1/4_,,,,t,.1.1 I 0. r. 3__ (r----`, 2-\,,4 ~ e - ....., , S. 7... .;,-)',,, \ ..,.... .() 4 \ AVA____lo S _ Till° a ._ •,_ at,, \\4 ~ -i-\--'-----11) ',>=\ lA, , e • i 4( _l‘s - . , . „.... .. ~.. ()(- tr \ i „.A.,,, f .I.\ \ •r.-1 .... \ . es-S ' *:.. , 'if' • , .. or ...,..; üBR-)CAtfr -,4' I. :,;,y.....i. , ~..lA,L.,.rk . • ;,.,,,:::::11111,::(;414::1,/\(it . . -, ^ X • t l' . , .IL , ~-•-• ..w • N. s.„(J^ - -• I ' . if ......._ , . Or ~.... , --1 ' - ' . / : \---,_ • - , , . i . 110 M OCEIV . ~,..„. , I ......--. ofiN; lift 4 , . V. 9' ' 1 \. .1,t4.).4, `- ' Homocea is the stuff for taking ~.. ""•• - !:.--------/ I `-.1:41.:; ";,i,..ii.' . .... 1. • curing pain, Iftalil,g bruises, 1 't, ' bumps and cuts, in iacc it is valu- _ aole in so many way; that no one ,'1'.....;;4"'• , .x(4., . , .'•-:::: 'l,#•':., IA ; can a ord to be without it. ~-,4-lr4i,W \ N\ • If.t.?l:•'.!'''' , Homocea cures Neuralgia, Rheu- , ... ' matism, Heinorrhoids, Eczema -4..4.,-,k ... ~,, . ' and all Skin Diseases, Croup, ) -,,,• • •••,,,,,./.0;%--` -,-t,;;".04,,,,,-,„ .- .!** ' r..,M,•,- '4..,31 „t 2, k.l' ~ .4"4,..,`• Cold in the Head, and all simikx A. ,^ f. 400, .4., o,4`r„ro p 1 \ C:;-..,,•,:„.*".._t", , 4\ .1 Ills and Complaints. -, 1 •-- Kt--, • '••••;------ -,.„--..v., ' v.# , A„ —lel - -•!1-1, . . ... . . _ , I 1 lii\laida,‘ .41_ wiet.::l3'.i..- • ii. , ), t....„ -043! F 0 R . Ittito // 4 \ '4""rti:47 i N , , .• • , 1 _ ...-, ....,1 ~ ‘ \ 11, 4 . / 1 ii , . ~... 1 , I i 1 '- ' ALL - -44,,,.;:y y:p_.., i ,t 't '%:,, - •,.-.-.<-,...., _ Ls-- • • . 1. !II '. : -•-,, •,,,,,..„,,,,,:.., ~ • ~--.„--; • .•. ~.„.....,,,,:,,,..„. ____, ... ~,,„ _ACCIDENTS 4):---„,, - '"*,1•',"..,;(' : 1 . , "'• , . , . LAY E . S .51 , • f., „...m3,......„.. ..,..•• , ~... • ... hdapi* relieves cma \---- 1 , . ~,, "Vr,,.., prevenk 4 lite 34. Zl9 PEI TIN •SP[CIA T[Rms TO fooTgAti CLUBS -•- • - • iffizANNATios. __ z ...., ..,,....„, • .„,,..„...„.... 0 ...,.,.. , • .., 7 ' , , ....„,. - • iir Zak '-

ManttlY. VIVANTED, CARE of INFANT; would adopt if healthy; VT state own terms.—W., 14, Elm-road, Walton, Liver-

LISYT OF.N IJLUXIIS Douglit, uest price be pisniels We- warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOB- New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester, MORdTieGtrAieGtEfoSiECll24ltlTlESatWtitiTpEeDr eeantt ?nQueu'ickincoarn"- pretions and low, legal charges.—H KRBERT G aRIN ER, 61, Lord- street, Liverpool.

HARDWARE. FURNITURE, BASSINETTES, CYCLES, WRINGERS, PIPES, WATCHES, JEWELLERY. AGENTS WANTED. Buyer's Guide free, 1)1-Re HENRY 11A.Y,Birmingharn.

- B"1 DR&DBURY & CO., LTD., Sewing Machine Makers, 33, Winwick-st., Warrington, require a good canvasser ; salary and COMMlsBloll.—Apply to Msrraoxn, any morning between nine and ten o'clock.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatricsl,lland Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JAsize Goa- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Doanszate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly now at a third cost price. •

WANTED EXPERIENCED SALESWOMAN and ASSIS- TANT (in DRAPERY TRA.DE preferred) for a branch of the Scotch Wool and Hosiery Stores, which will shortly be opened in Warrington Appl?: by letter with copies of testimonials, to " MANAGER Scotch Weol and MOSieTT Store, 41 Blackfriars-st., Manchester.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters Noted, Layers and Prize Strain, also splendid Orningtons only 2s. 6d. dozen, packed--JOSEPH EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., Earlestown.

ON SALE.—ROGS (Prize Strains). Plymouth Rocks, Orpingtons. Black Mlnorcas, and Silver Wyandotte, 2s. 6d. per dozen ; also Cockerels, Mluoreas and Wyandotts, ss. each.—J. G. POWNALL, Great Sankey, near Warrmgton.

Es, Eggs from black minorcas (noted strain) winners . at Birmingham. Bristol, Bideford, Newnliam, Newport, Wellington numerous others, 6s. dozen two dozen 10s., unfertlles replaced.—EwEN, Strangford. Clevedon, Somerset.

ATI IL EDMONDSON. Crank Poultry Yard (Established 111 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce good layers aod show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will colder a favour by inspecting his Stoca before buyinz Eggs elsewhere, Plymouth Woks, Black Mluorcas. I,,ingehans, !louder's. Dark Brahmas, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-Bed). Brown Leg- horns, White Leghorns, Golden Pencilled Harriburghs, Buff Co bins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per 'Mingo( 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, and M hite Wyandottes, Black Minoeras, Single and Bose-Combed Orpingtons. Light Bralurnis, 4s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game 6s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs repint, d, it returned carnage paid. Cata- logues f os; free. Yard open on holidays Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

lEarigntrp, &r., on Anat, PUNCHING. SHIA/LING MACHINES, large quantity, L all sizes; yinz-out, Presses.--tiwrns, Midland Works. Travis-street, Manchester.

OHUNDRED good second-hand ad new ENGINES in stock ; also Boilers, Tools, and other Plant, itc.: send for catalogue. THOMAS MITCHELL. Derby-street. B TN STOCK Hydraulic Presses, Rams from 4 to 14 Inches, Pumps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, etc.—WiLmax KNOTT, Fairfield street, Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED Gate Ormerod, Gricr,on, and Co. Limited), Hu'me, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, end are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. 3aillwright, and all kinds of kngineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- eation.—Telephone 229.

FATIsNT OFFICE MANCHESTER, lidT.LBLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES A SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-he pto the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E.. & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. RELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT At•BESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, • BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' KINGS. SHERTINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE. • Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the Iv orthern Counties: F. R. P U T Z. 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deanagnste. Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2. STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues pogt free on application. Telegram Addresses " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEAT,HER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool. Alio at 35, Market Street, rvlancheeter. London. Car4of. Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL..

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BnisTot. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

T ADIES AND GENTLEMEN SUCCESSFULLY INTRO- -1I DUCED. Private and genuine.—Address in confid- ence, six stamps, MADAME DE ANNIS, 121, Great Jackson-et., Manciester.

MASAI MONY.—Widower, elderly, withont family, who has mixed but little in society of late years. and who Is about to retire from business wtlh considerable fortune. wishes to marry affectionate, domesticated lady (Spinster or Widow.) Charming home and entourage. Settlement. Strict secrecy.—Address Mr. GRHATREX, 81. Wells st.,Oxford. at., London, W.

GEORGE JA ESON, PAWN 13'11 JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Deocription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

THE follov,ing articles of JEWEL- LERY were forfeited this week. Payments taken. Ladies very neat Gold WATCH. , !plat3 movement and jewelled in c) n 4 pair extra. A bargain tor 'DVS.

lADIES' Gem RING, set with 3 —4 opals and two diamonds of Payments taken. very fine lustre and brilliancy, in neat 15 carat setting. A splendid 21s. offer for

GENT'S very Handsome solid 9 Payments taken. carat ALBERT, vary pretty design, forfeited by special contract. £3 15s. See this for

V ERY Handsome China CENTRE- PIECH of two Figures. very Payments taken. rich design and prettily guilded, our price, including shades and stands only Us. D. Don't miss this.

VORFEITED pair cf Antique Bronze JUGS, very richly Payments taken. ohased, and standing quite 18in high, an opportunity not to be missed, 11S, 68, tor

WB have a large stock of Flock Beds for sale, prices ranging 6s. Ild. to 17s. 6d., Flocks are war- ranted clean and free from dust. Payments taken. All wool flocks in bags of 5C lb. each from 4s. 11d. to 10s. 6d. ; Beotlcks from Is, 4d. to 10s. 6d. ; Mattresses, large size, ss. 11d. a pair.

INFLUENZA.—Send le. 3d. for late Sir Morel! McKenzle's genuine YitIiSCRIPTION.—J. sTEwART, North Dock, Swansea.

BRITISH ARMY BLANKETS. 2s. each. Bft. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool ; Ws. per doz. Sample post free. 2s. 6d. from H. J. GASCON, Government Contractor, Rye.

OTICE —Great Clearance SALE of Musk Paraffin. Dry Ii Soaps. 138. 6d. per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from business ; rare chance; cwts. sent.-111c11.Luata, Fleetwood.

y ORSINB. new white Cream for polishing all kinds of .1..4 Metal. }or free amole anybody may s-nd stamped addre,sed snvelotte to DOESINE DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted.

IL UEN Z A.--A SURE CURE, a Certain Preventative. The prescription will be sent. gratis to anyone who en- closes a directed envelope stamped..—Address the Rev. J. E. Woonnow, Vicarage, Ormskirk.

ANUFACTURERS' itENINANTS In Stuffs. Cashmeres, IV Prints, Calicoes, Serges, Flannelettes, Velvets, Sblrt- ings, &c. ; bib. bundles, cheap. Price list free.—W. CL mac- SON, Merchant. Swaine-et., iliadiord.

HIDE SALT—an excellent fertilizer for all kinds of grass and arable lands : price 13s. per ton (nett). in bags ; free on rails ; cash with order. A trial solicitel—Apply THE BIRIOENHEAD SALT CO., Birkenhead.

1111DILES ! PILES! Al! outward Piles cured in two or three days with BODDYS PATENT OINTMENT; Testimonials from all parts; only one trial aoliclten.—apply W. BODDY, Bradtt.rri, Yorks Boxes by poet Is. lid.

Tr REP FROM DAMP.—I HAVE some extra-strong white WATBFPROOF 8113313T8, 6ft. by 3ft. 2s, 6d, 6ft. by 6tt. 55., carriage paid; cost four times the money.—From HENRY' J. GASSON, Government Contractor, live.

TANNED NETTING for preserving fruit trees, tower .1 beds. ke.. from frost and blight. 35 square yards for is. Sent any width on approval. Carriage paid on all orders cver 58.—H. J, GASSON, fish merchant, Rye, Sussex. DIHOTOORAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house In the trade ; goods bought and exehanged.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Manchester (All Saints).

-VOUS D, a way to make One Pound go MI far as Three. The _I most wondertul Stock of Gentle en's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress suits on lire, 3s. to ss. per day.—ELwoon, 164, London-road, Liverpool. • TOHN LOWE. Fire and Thiel-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON V SALII Mimer, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry-, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

BILLIARDS I BAGATELLE I—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is limot IG BROS , LTD., 29. Bigh-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushkn samples, post free. Estab- lished 1562. gio cluonsTs and DRUGGIBTS.—Business FOR SALE, 1 in present hands 28 years proprietor retiring, well fitted shop, seven-roomed house, rent R2O, 51 salt and fixiures £l5O or valuation, no goodwill.—Appy I', .1. Of lIJ3OII, West-street, Boston, Lines.

DRBSA SUITS, 20s. excellent 40nd!'lvn.. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coat', 10s. and 12s. Snits on hire, from 3s. per clsy. Gentlemen's m3sfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock--ELWOOD 164, London-road, Liverpool.

(.11.EIN and St'ORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA, 10 SCURF. SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by " ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing aßer medicsl n-en have failed. Per Bo: 90. By Post ls. From B. ENGLAND, Lis- card. Liverpool.

OOK I LOOK!! LOOK 111 GRBATRST BARGAINS ON ItAIITH.-10.000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes! Pur- chased trom the Government. Cost 7s. 6d. each, I will send a Hood and Cape tor 24 stamps, post free. quite nea hut put out of service. —HENRY JOHN GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

TOME SOLD as a going CONCERN, a cood CONFEC- TIONERY BUSI MASS, with wine license atta,heri ; well situate in the centre of ACCRINGTON, within two minutes' walk of the station, msrket house. Town Hall, and the heart of the town.—Apply for further particulars to' ROBERT KIDD WHITAKER, solicitor, 8, St., James-street Accrington.

ROSES. &c.—Good strong 'young trees, named varieties. from 4s. 6d. to 6.. per dozen ; Carnations, choice varieties. hardy garden plants in great variety. strong privet for hedges, 6..100; forest trees, Rhododendrons. ac. ; decora- tive plants, &c., cut flowers Scc., ra wholesale prices. Catalogue of GEORGE ANDREWS. Padgate Nurseriea,Warrlng- toll ; five minutes from Cemetery.

BELFORD'S " TURPINA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA. SWOLLEN LIMBS. or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my " Turpina," it will speedily and radically cure you. Instant relief after first application. Splendid testi- -11101)IAIS In bottles at Is. Id.. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each, or post free 3d. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps—JAMES BBL- F 0111), 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON. W.

KILLED by SA.NFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by t armers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rate dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be ape, (lily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLII POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2d.. Is 6d..25. 6d..65.. post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ), Warrington . AUCTION ROOMS —No.I Rank Street AGENT TO—S en Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock I nsuranee Associstian Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS GO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUcTiotiBER AND VALUED. OrvlcEs AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CH AMSRRS. SALEROOM— f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMRNTS INVITED.

ON SALE. —A Handsome RED-ROAN PONY, about 14 hands, has a good action, also is a good worker and quiet, age 8 years ; also a Bread Van and Harness .—Apply 125, Mersey-street, Warrington.

ITESICO-BUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane V Blister for Horses in the world ;no blemish ;no tying the heads, no rest ne-deci ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free : price 2s. 6d. or 65., ot Chemists, or post free. —GREGORY. Veterinarisn, Bristol.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary look free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, erackfli heels. grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbe off. Prices, OZ. 18.; 20 oz , Is, of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases ,f Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDY'd FLUID W °MO. 61. Turnmili-street. Loudon .H C.

BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETIT. COTTAGES, 23, 8d per week, W INAITyIsTE, ILAcle?ti tOn Isver-street, Good LODG ING UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

LA VtrTir Onglt3ovtn (L.BppoT.sitTehilab:isttr sairti7tteodr I;iirsttheelaselen,t3rwea* ing-houses, street made, ground rent low. TO Folly ..laLnAe BanUcliiranAr adVlloLtirL.AinSg, faourdaordacwotthtaogrnes ,Villas -ROUSE, Prancea-terraee, Lovely-lane. FARM.Buildings, Land and Cottage (if required), Folly- lane.TlLLA, Crosfield-street, opposite Bank Park. TIOUSB. Guardian-street. Apply, 23 FOLLY LANE, Warrington.

rpo BB LET. good House. Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath _1 all modern conveniences ; rent £2B p•er annum Apply EDWIN BRADSHAW, chattered accountant, Market• - s reet. Warrington.

NEWTON-Lis-WILLOWS. To be ,OLD " SLINNYSIDE," semi-detached VILLA. Crow-lane, 7 minutes from Eariestown Station 5 Bedrooms. 2 Entertaining Rooms, Kitchen, Scullery, outside Washhouse, end Garden.—Apply f)WLNBRLDBHaIY,.. Chartered Accountant, Market-street, Warrington.

OUSRS, EAGLR VOTJNT and STAFFORD TERRACR, composed of four bedrooms, tws sitting•rooms,kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent 21.4. Also Sunnyside Stockton Heath. every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasant aspect ; rent £l9 10s. ; also good corner shop, Albert Terrace, Stockton He .th. with every accommodation ; rent £19.-- Apply flosTocx, Wilderapool, Warrington.

PESIDBNCR.—TO BE LET, OR SOLD, desirable family Residence. The Heights. Golborne. near Newton-le- Willows, with three-stalled stable, loosebox, two coachhouses. hirness-room, garden well stocked with fruit trees; conserva- tory, fernery, vineries, peach house, plant house, boiler house, laundry, yards, &c.; the house is substantially built and pleasantly situated about It miles from Newton-le- Willows Station and 15 minutes' walk from Golborne and Lowton Stations respectively ; contains large entrance hill, dining, drawing, breakfast, morning and billlard-rooms, 12 bedrooms, and two dressing-rooms, with bath-room, and lavatories, k tchens, baths, pantry, front and back cel'ars , also excellent swimming bath with all necessarrfittings and appliances.—Apply to W. H. ARNOTT. Lime House, Lowton, nea r N ewton-le-Willows.

3ublirations. AGOOD PLAN.—The safelt, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares Is fully ex- ',lamed in Thirteenth annual edition of. Explanatory Zook sent post free. Full of valuable information. AddreSS GEORGE EVANS and Co,. Stockbrokers, 24, Queeu Victoria-et.. London, E.C.

PIPORTANT NOTICE.—WANTED every man to seethe .1 Mirror, an illustrated guide (..f 64 pages. Free Ly post. Any address in envelope.—Write 11. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Fitzallan-square. Sheffield.

I 4'ltEll TO MEN. when you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious pr.iptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only rum your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CHILTAIN ogre tor lost strength, wasting weakness, &0., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN. new; fine rich tone splendid pitch pine case.—ALY.x. Yours and SoNs organ builders, Pidon-street, Manchester.

SMIIII-1, SONS, AND UOMPAN Y.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET, MANCHESTER. PIANOS I3Y ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST RAPS. COLLARD GOES & KALLMANN BROADWOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BE.CHsTEIN, Ace. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered free in Warringt and Di triet on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel.

BNSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW. PIA HENSHAW. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHES' "PEOPLE'S MODEL,' seven octaves, full trichord, cheek action, panel front, iron frame. in veneered oases, £22 cash, or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 65. monthly, by all the leading makers. All Instruments sold by HENSHAW are fully war- rante-i. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken in exchange. - AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. HENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. IHENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT IHBNSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. - HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

j_IIANO SALE AT. PARRY'S, 20. DOWNING-ST., ARD- .I WICK, MANCHESTRR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand. by Broad wood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart • 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-comnase Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ. 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organ combined, a grand instrument, cost 2100 20 0 Plano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Bridgeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

ILLIAM SHAW, JUNR., " EXAMINER OFFICE." WATERLOO BUILDINGS, TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMENT DEALER. STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR BUSHWORTIO DIVANPQOI,, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLASGOW. SPECIAL ACCORMIONS, ORGANETTES, MOUTH ORGANS, ETC. All the Beet Quality Instruments at Lowest Prices, Repairs of Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment System.

ESPECTABLII SITTING ROOM and BEDROOM _Lk, WANTED in Warrington for 2or 3 weeks, by a young lady in business.—Apply stating terms, which must be mod- erate.—Addrcss R, G„ kxaminer Office, Warrington.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FRMALECOMPLAMTS VERS. SMITH ERS, Grano-daughter of the Widow LVI Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints haso btained Wit a most extensive and Inc easing demand. P urchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that what they purchase Is prepared by Mrs. Smithers who is the only person in possession of the ORIGI- NAL Riectwg. The genuine are wr .pped in Blue Paper, and signed in tne outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS AND SON, 15?, Queen Victoria-st," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold baxas each, by most Chemists.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow HMO From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. IVATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. Bd. 391 AND 41, DALE STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Obipptng Rottres.

, WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queen StOWD, EVERY WF.DNF.SDAY. *TEUTONIC... Wed • Mar. 27. I BRITANNIC Wed., Apr. 3. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class. uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to lessar, Isms, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-strea, London, 8.C., and 10, Water-street, Liverpool

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. JOHN WALKER AND -EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR lUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY,Vi and For BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVRRPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Fare

ADEL AIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NEW Z MAL AND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LIMBS landing passengers en route at Teneriffe Cape Town. and at Hobart, &a.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, PO5- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST ItATESat THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENTS.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RIIRUMATIC PILLS BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly relieved BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS, by these Pill's. Sure. Safe, and S. E BLAIR'S GOUT PILL ectual. ff Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d per Box

DR. Scorrs PILLS, prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, Loss OF APP.N.TITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE oave no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under thsir charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

FLEMING, REID AND CO., THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK. WILL SHORTLY OPEN A BRANCH OF THE SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES dT 371 BRIDGE•STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of their CELEBRATED KNITTING WOOLS. KNITTED HOSIERY, AND SHAWSWATER, DRESS FABRICS. Direct from THE GREENOCK MILLS. OVER 70 BRANCHES throughout England and Scotland.

TP.LXPEMNIC 665. PLANT NOW. SPRING FLOWERS FOR EVERY QARDEN: TOWN OR COUNTRY, TIIB PICK OF HOI.r.AND. CARRiAtik QTOCK nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the beat sorts, the best bulbs, and cheaper than auction sales or direct import from so-called growers in Holland. HYACINTHS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant, colours, 104, per 100. Is. 6d. perdozen. HYACINTHS.—IIegaI named sorts for pots and glasses, as., 4.,, 65.. 95., per dozen. 100 in 17 'varieties for 17 64. or 21s. T ULlPS.—Rairtbow mixture of bright colours for beds, &c.. 4s. and 64. per 100 Splendid named sorts 3s. to Si. per 100. CROCUS, large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours, for beds. ribbons, &c., Is. 6d. to 33. per 1008; 12s. 6d. to 255. per 1000. DAFFODILS. splendid selection of the very best, . f.ar pots and borders, from 64, per dozen and 2s. 64. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIBERICA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf, brilliant blue. exquisite for beds, ac., 3s. per 100; 253. per 1000. SNOWDROPS, Anemones,Ranunculus, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies, Freesias, Iris, &c. For full particulars please cons”lt our Illustrated List, post free. ROBERT P. JIVER AND SONS, BULB IMPORTERS AND GROWERS, BASNETT-STREET, .LIYERPOOL.

INFLUENZA. AND GENERAL WEAKNESS. 18, PRESCOTT-STREET, OFF CLO WES-STREET, WEST GORTON, MANCHESTER, DECEMBER 7TH, 1894. DEAR SIR,—I beg to testify to the value of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I left my work—l commenced my illness by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was called in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I suffered for over a week of the pains in my head, and the doctor's medicine did me Tv) good, till at last the mistress of this house (I am in lodgings nere) fell ill with the same symptoms of illness till her husband advised us to try a bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. lid. bottle, and I may toll you the first &se gave us xeliet. After this we got a 2s. 9d. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I should have lost no work, and I owe my recovery to the bene- ficial virtues of your medicine, and I beg to tender to you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAGAR. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BETTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, &c., and are slow in recovering their accustomed strength and spirits. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or Mercury. 2. It is a happy combination of Quinine with other Medicines. 3. It is scientifically prepared. 4. It enjoys the confidence of eminent Medical Men. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by hundreds of testimonials from all parts of the world. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. bottles. Samples 18.11 d. size or See the name " Gwilym Evans" on stamp, label, and bottle. This is important, as there are numerous. imitations. PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTEi WALES.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Bariestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre scot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester. Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Heiens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Crolborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

0, l' . # * - Ne FA .474 a . t'''''''-- Ila-: . OLI Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffiless, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1/ and 2/6. It, ,ix' .4,X*4 k i'lk- - ,A " 44 • 1,,,, ..;• Ai .$ ~..i.e., I it, g. 4 4, $ .4 .24' I:3' ' " ' 1 ' 42' a 4 ' , it' ll ' '.'

ESTABLI3IIED 1851 BIRKBECK BANKa Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. Loradmi. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RIC:. STOCKS. SHARES. and ANNUITIES purcuased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small suri deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed BIRKBECR BUILDING SOCIETY now TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. HIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKI3ECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post ire FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager

MORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS bay° a reputation of nearly soo YEARS I ea being WITHOUT AN EQUAL - . as a Remedy for - INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, A SICK BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, and LIVER 1,,,,e0 COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. , .:;•,- N._ s A- r• '4,1!.., i i MBA Ilti` - _ -- Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold In Bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., end 11,. eech, by ell Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask for "Norton's Canaonulo Plil" and do not be persuaded to purohsee an Imitation. , Prepared by liovrom'a LTD., 21 Spited Square, London, .E. .

• CONCREVE'S • BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR x 526.) This splendid medicine should be in every household. On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold • good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen out of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN- FLUENZA tuke it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarmir.g disease. Rev. F. E. FiItAFE, of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve, says: "Your medicine always jeuts ens lungs m:cht, and drove mot the lerridle INFLUENZA last May." In CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and • Bronchial Affections Persevere with this medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the ae, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— O NGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's hook). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it is'invaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at Is. r54t1., as. 9Cle 4s. 6d., and family bottles at Its, and ass.

RULES POR STARCHING. A most valuable little book for those who do their Starching at home. Post free for two stamps. O. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, BC, FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. RisiNG smd STOVE , UDI POLISH. EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST,& • BEST BLACKLEAD :t•IXE WORLD r, . . In Half the Time, with Half the o Labour, you can produce More .2 Polish with Two Penny Packets g of Rising Sun than with Half - min Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. • 2 RisiN ulti METAL 9 111 POLISH. GIVES TOALL KINDS OF METALS A BEAUTIFUL,E.SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH. g V. • Bold in 3(1., 6d.& 1/- Bottles. No Mixing, a' No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. a 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. :9 r"There is no .0 preparation of which we know to equal iCs) its excellence. --k.nolkE WITHIN.-34. per box. et m Ar, umosTARdA. CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTANt:t. GLOSS, BORAX •G ,WAX.; ..,84,44'• *l-.2 REQUIRES no addition or preparation. cs 2 SAVES Time, nahour, and n 'Unoert inty, PRODUCES BeautifulWhito Glossy Linen. . _ Ask your Grrr.cr to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.C. HINTS FOR Houshwi.vHs, 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hints Post free one stamp. F. F. FRY, 52, Pelleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON. S.W.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE WILL NOT ,4") a ST7PLIE,Non FINGER 40_4?z, L t u‘i MARK. ' FURNIITLINE, *S" ' CREAM. ... , .4. • r - ) - , 11, • •th•r4.4B'` Sold by Chemists. Grocers, nod Ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, STEPRENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

I'o WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness. Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Sack, aseases, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Tree of cnarge. A splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated. —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medie,il Hall, Ileffield. Established 1839. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the ease. Can be obtained direct.

alrOR THE BLOOD IS THE I.IFE710 a C LAIVP VI- WORLD-FAMED BLOODi RE • . Tlloi.,sANDs OP TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from perm'o who hove received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It connot be toollighly estlm4ecl. for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This Is a good testimonial from the Familo Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally " Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, frolli whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. hczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, end Sores of all kinds. Its effects pre marvellous. It Is the only real specific or Gout and heumatm Pains. for It removes the taus from the blood and neo. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 94. end . each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 sr 132 stamps bv Pro- etors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG MPANY, LINCOLN. Beware of Wort:Jess Imitations.

,• • , Int RARR:4S--' SwTGOLDmmi KNITTER too KNITR Stockingsribbed or plain v GLOVES and CLOTHING in , WOOL. SILK. or COTTON. INSTRUG. TIONI FREE. Lite free per post. TP.TI7M PLIANT AWARD et FARIS, The only WINNER in the WORLD et 7 001,1) MgDALa end 19 other Honours. IIAIOUSON KlintiNo mAriIINE Co. Ltd 4 Works; 48. Upper Brook St.. Manchester.

FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. _ Dr.CAAIHRON'S 013ESITINIti PILLS are a safe and pleosant cure; sent free from observation on rereipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. \e's. A marvellous ello us improvingmeans h the onp of reeduciilioer7e.Asluve Ist a CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street Loudon.

10 LADIES THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was die oveeed by a married Lady during her travels In the Par East„ who has never known it to fall in removing the worst eases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two boors, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extrao-dlnary preparation, which is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense. illness. Worry.and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. Be,, NO TON, 4. Ye ttherstone-buildine, London. W•C•

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FP. ADVICE '1 0 LA, lES (FREE). t LADY LCI )1. NT (qualified) manv venri Aitaehei to a Vernal,. H fa enabled to PO•il- TIVILLY GUAItAN I'EE the 1)E:31liliD RhSULT in a few hours, no m +ger how loog stinilinz the 110041ULARITY may be, and eye, when everything else has lolled. Write at once, enclosing stainpei adiliftsect envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND, W.C.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS MI Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all ohs tructions. and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent w,th the s x. Boxes Is. lid. and Zr. 9cl. of all chemist sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 'tam' s by the maker, it T. TowLE, Cherni.t, Nottinglirm.

THE LIBERATOR SOCIETY, - • NO HOPE FOR 'THE SHAREHOLDERS. A special meeting of the shareholders of the Liberator Society was held in London on Monday to receive a statement from Mr. Wheeler, the official receiver. He informed the meeting that a bill for obtaining certain c•mpolsory powers for the purchase of properties in the Strand in front ol the large hotel now in course of erec- tion lied been lodged by him as liquidator of the Steiety, and it was necessary at that stage to obtain a formal resolution of the,membas of the Society approving of the course lie had adopted. In a brief explanation as to the present position of the affairs of the Society,Mr. Wheeler said he should be failing in his duty if he held -mt to them any hope whatever of their recovering any part of their investments. The claims of depositors and creditors which ranked in front of the shareholders' claims arnqunted to nearly £2.000.000. It was, he feared, quite clear that under the most favourable realisation no surplus could he available for tlo shareholders. The formal resolution approvitig of the bill to be prionoted lin Parliainentt authorising the widening cl the Strand I was agreed to, with only five dis,entients.

-- 0N E CASE OF ARMY AND NAV I ' MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixtur Zs. 6d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (late iMethuen) 332, Deanegate, Manchester. Advice free, i

iir,a.'.!"...V•5ir".:,,,,5, ic00.,„.4..eip,0'...4.,,,,,,.,,,,.... , ' GrEAT NAM, .;,11i1 ?, 1 , 44tYt ' PERFECT WHITENESS r, li•tr..,. • - - ' • -' -, • BEAUTIFUL LUST 1. . Used in all II '; '. '.. " the principal SI ' e ' Laundries. . .-' , - ..... ~...,...... :-......,.....',..F...;,.5. ~..,4t,,,....; SOLD BY ALL GROCEPa. A. OILMEN IN OPIGINAL 4LS PACKETS; 1 La : t La. Ann A Ln. BOXES. ' •1°.+4,,,•0'." . . Shtffie d work:r 1,,1

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISH CLATBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS . Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISHLINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN •IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittincs, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4-14. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS. LINENSSUMMER AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISHLINEN IRISH TWEED, aalnldPsutryel Ne'l.'oopl.leaUsnessuarpy Unsurpassed for fLoardSiestr,enopGe,nDtu;awb.eailitry, IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. # ,• oi, -, ~,,.., .„- • •,..., •• 1.,. 0 •, , :J.:, - ,:t . --,, ' „,, . „ :, ~,.. -z • k. N 4,,. • , ,1- ~,,,,.. - ~ ‘ z,... , 4 -. . . 4, f ~. ..;',7,„ .., , r: 4 , 11,,, ..._id ...lir I I te, ' P Z, 'V.I 41 , • `1,,, '''. eli•i' '1 . .1% 1, : ' ~tl' .'1 . WASHES EVERYTHING.

r y's 4 _ , : \ 4, PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. 19.10. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. ,k re suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours. purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. aftei excess In eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or 151er curials, hence no fear of cold, Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN. PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ;ma known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENO ES SAME PRICES. obi by all Patent Medicine Vendors

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain. In the back. Gaaranteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any achiress for sixty stamp. by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES COMPANY, LlllOOlll. Wholesale Agents; Han CLAY It Soa Loudon. and all the Wholesale Houses.

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE Y R,11.413 01 FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIES stanch unrivslled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra :Unary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout th warld. Thousands of snfferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle Sent post free, under cover, for 51. 6d. D. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

I• These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam N Tiq of Conaiba, Cubebs or 544 Injections and cure in • 48 hours the same • , „ ij diseases without incon• 47,444 venience. 4/6 of all Che• I D mists. Or post free. • WILCOX & Co., , 239, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W

NE ADAM E FEAmINix'SnaIFHAMOES FEMALE The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s 64 (strongest Ils bottle). Post free Ed extra. H hit BAL INSTITUTE, ls, HACKNEY-ROAD, (!acing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will torteit RAO ior every testimonial tint is not g,noine.:.nd they can he seen at any time.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite inquiries and Reference to tile: NEW CATALOGUE.

. The -43(c)--hix bsT colbl e Half-Guinie'i COSTUMES a NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Castanets Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. t. These Costumes are made in The Joh• Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, /4-'-' - •r*•!':;,'.',,-. Brown, Myrtle, Entry, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab; they axe supplied oosaplete . *•:%.,.... - • for the ridiculous price of 1.41)„ 43 each, packed in leather board box, and , :.,.•i; •••: sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the mating of them there are • Over SOO Workers Employed. _ at '? The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the :1 world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a 411 \,. 1- complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. Bach garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly :/:'/' Yn shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves. bound -"" F seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the • -- , skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, ..e A r,7...- and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row of tine silk cord, the whole thus forming - qr.' l';'V- . A LADY'S COMPLETEIO/6 /,,,, .... • , •. •:i w 4., s , II COSTUME-FOR '4 - A.N ' I.';',, . '1;: • , , Caii, • 9% ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in ••'1607 .:?' respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the ma,L, and ii: 'I ! finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the / j already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An j;, - enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised te :1' ITP .‘ • N / world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 91. , /./, . 4 \,‘ \,•\\ , ;/ I.t extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round : ‘‘`•;.*••• the bust under arms, 'out larger er special sizes can be made to order i' / ',', ~ •,,.,., at a cost of I'6 extra. 1; '•;•:,k LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, , in the Fashionable d' / •`.' ''' ' - W, ' • Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as //, \1" 'i - .._ .. .. follows, Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/8 ; Costume ei li , Skirts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7;8; '// A ; i Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only B'o. A • , Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. Colours as above. - ....-7... Zi. - KNOCKABOUT FROCKS fora °iris vi 1/7"r6 . Are al supplied in the John Noble Cheviot t Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 Serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Place 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4,'.. 46 5/- 5/6 each. ach. • Postage clid. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERCE (RECD.) ifaamaefabiticisof 5 rienaeth edsu rawli ;di lei t y and world-wide..., ' F"."7/ does not spot with rain, and may be 'washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy. Brown, Myrtle. Reseda, Ruby, Grey. Drab, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for 9d, extra. 1141" PATTERNS also Illustrated •• Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies ~rd Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. * JOHN NOBLE, LTD., The Warehouse, 11, Piccadilly, MANCHESTER. _

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. ogEari:; MILS, YOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, • SUCH AS . SICK HEADACHE,
