===== 0002601_18950720_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
By Order, JOHN DUN, General Manager.

Ihrtholornew-lane, London, E.C. llt___b. July, 1895. —_

RE Sli llt E LINES—LIVERPOOL JULY RACES. C TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY, JurLY 23rd and 24th, igt_EEAF TICKETS will be issued to AINTREE (new ""013) acJoining the Course as under:— Times of Fares to Aintree starting and back. Btationl. each day. let class. 3rd class. ft.M. kotrrington (Central) dep 11.15 4s. Od. Is. Od. (,neve Station) arrive 11.50 o.4.."aing iroin MN i RICE (new Station) at 4.15 and 5.30 OAP, 01l TUESDAY, and 4.15 and 6.60 pm. on WEDNES_

Bills, and all Information may be obtained at the

Li'e.tDool, Central Statien, July, 1895.

DAVID NIELDRIJII, Manager.

THE ELECTORS OF WARRINGTON.

Clarvriansrx, 44;insateu to tender to you my most heartfelt thanks for 14401108 LT supported me at the Poll yesterday. wuo doubtvotea you are aware, I received the largest number wttrin ever recorded on behalf of a Liberal Candidatefo; tiotf Pour and I shauld indeed be less than human did 'lust sense of pride. i„.."Aowledge with the deepest gratitude the unwearied ;:iartildeent efforts of all classes of my supporters, which alone kitbo cause of this unique record. -;_ ugh not victorious, I feel assured the day of victory Is `%r distant. I, 'KV°, %ant.' ••610t. --mg you, my friends, from the tottont of my

1 have the honour to remain, Gentlemen, Your faithful and obedient Servant, PERCIVAL B. SCOTT. Pallowdeld, Manchester, _ 11Y 16th, 1895. I\l6-ItTriNvicii -DI-VISION, 1896,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
UNIONIST MEETING,

SO' o.l'

f clo I 0 / 1

'.414° 13111

&ct,

IrTURDAY &FTERNOON NEXT, JULY ZOTH, In a Field opposite STANLEY VILLAS.

ORERN WAY-ROAD. RUNCORN.

SPEAK HIM :- 4 T. WARD, EN., 'Unionist Candidate, WHITELEY, F.Ra and other Gentlemen.

ORA Tb TO BE TAKEN AT THREE O'CLOCK. Pr° THE ELECTORS OF THE NORTHWICH thlrttem". For tt:the fifth time within ten years solicit the honour of t teelonto serve you in the COMMOI.B Rouse of Parliament 't er:es you latrve elected me by steadfly increasing rjuee :70u preferted a gentleman, who up to that %ono, beau a consistent Liberal, and who had lived an %or° tad life among you. I can claim therefore that this is a tha7B NWY Liberal constituency 111,,, 4B Your representative been faithful to every pledge ygelven to you. fo "8 agn-In my Address-I set before myself. two •1141 t t r Y°4r benefit. non-political in their nature , the keep dhe "forth of the Weaver Navigation Trust, and the .Bennft,„4-* an amendment of the law which.should procure • -4',Batio tble n for property owners suffaring from the inevit- q caused by the pumping of brine. ihibs.;9l I introduced a Bill providing for compensation for Letlee• which, after amendment in Committee, became 14 1891 th 1.----throngh the kind kelp of Members on both aides 4---I obtained an order from Parliament to the 41111;li :"1-I,ltees that within two years they should bring up 33• ,-j°P the Reformat ien of their own Constitution. esr, in obedience to that Order, the Weaver Trustees W nP their Bill, and I brought up a Bill of my own. y .tfoset;tr,ll Mg, unanimous assent of the Weaver Trustees, the "31:10cil, and the Traders, was adopted by the True- Place et their own ; and with very slight alteration, Pasiim to_ both Rouses, and received the Royal Assent. ktiobt e4'atnittee of the House of Commons has, quite recently. bkaltt. 4 Bill constituting a District within which the red Com; ihto „len Act procu in 1891, will, I trust, shortly be pu The'l'emtion. 48.11 d Representative managing Body of the Weaver 1044.0„,, will oubtless speedily compete the great scheme v•"3ent Of the River (and especially :14.5t0,i/v 'l4 of the upper long neglected, and will by the adoption of an qtbsci -814 tb Progressive policy, attract trade to our neighbour- 4td s. " greatly add to the prosperity of the %g poPula" etthe ewntrs, traders, and workmen alike, from end to etustituency-from Whasford to Runcorn. 'l)4Y'nent of compensation for subsidence will lee an act ustiee greatly too long delayed. tktirr 4, th va4 13p.al to you now in a spirit of cheerful satin- .rLt the success of my many years of work and Zactflol:iteixeael Vie W are well-known to you ; they have not ker..' el 4 that with advancing years they become t WIVO thaet"llarehenaive. fled °tit venerated leader, Mr. Gladstone, has said fl to his • :14;4311,45W4M of farewell t Parliamentary of&ce,we recall the tioeae 01 teat land memorable speech on the subject o the ttee ,r Of,. Standing in his place as Leader of ts:',,gladato-r4Tnoria and Prime Minister, in March last year, • tb,t ne declared In the name of a unanimous Pelled',Hoverne toe, e tate of things had been reached of which w to thit' aogi, w say that in our judgment it cannot continue. sh.,treitie,,,,Y or other a solution will have to be found for 55411 tit 'll -"°4B contrariety and incessant conflict on matters ii;IICIPie and profound importance between the re- ber, °the people and those who fill an hereditary ‘th:tßti tWa hundred years ago we abolished the Veto of Ist;t:110 b-af That was not Revolution, but Reform. t Rib -13ee You to-day as a strenuous and ardent advo- -13N1 kbolition of tke veto of the House of Lords, not art kOtloota Do, thi but as a consistent Reformer. kt4le 4551 r , RteatlY to be desired ieform depend all others- -01 L . ‘arto for all the three Kingdoms and for Wales.- 1t I 14 Or a Land Laws, involving security for the farmer 455t0 Y other trading tenant,-the transfer of the t 1,11101.5 4egulate and C trol the Traffic In Intoxicating Of thonl rl the hands °of Irresponsible magistrates into 4 ,Irork People themselves-Protection of Life and Health t441443111'vZ/I'lk--equality of Voting Power in the election of Z4tell. 'aPresentatives-Disestablishment of the Wets itti3Of th4:64_ll.lo.easura having for their object the improve- % oas 4„.""lai condition of the people. Sr eft n'Y happy lot for over a score of years to share k 04,114 ,crt yo, have made for the public good. iil4l4„A ir:n7kn kind to me in my sorrows, you have sym- I t good fortune. t 1 Bthit -4 1,.1, 4, 4 kor '6 giVell to you devoted service, and I desire "r°IISIY than the opportunity to continue that

It,ta.e,,,i,

I remain, Gentlemen. Your faithful servant, JOB N TO ML I NSON BRUN N ER. tiort4:ll, °ld Hall, 6th July, 1895.

I. EZARD, L ' 4e AND CONTRACTOR. tikate ..LCNIIRAD, WARRINGTON. 841fiv, for Alterations and Repairs of every uotu'rli-liou (Town and Country). J.4!"11 built to tenants own plans. ' lieut °"bibgP etu.ily attended to. and F're and Lite Assurance Agent.

UPTURES.

KIRKLAND BROS. BAKERS TO THE QUEEN, HAVE REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO THE BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. KIRTLANDBROS., Purveyors to the Queen by Royal Appointment,

Have decided to use the FAMOUS

GOLDEN TiP 1 EA. THIS TEA HAS BEEN SOLD AS HIGH AS £lO PER LB, And notwithstanding that the cost will be very great Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Tea Mer- chants, Bold-street, Liverpool, have been instructed to procure the Finest Teas in the market regardless

of expense.

Vublicatfono.

"HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Preecriptions and InstruOtions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two starnpa.—Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonadale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

glatrurtonp.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. I Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed teturn fate on £1 orders and above.

SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1895.

013 urat ton.

obtpong p.ottrez.

'HITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS, AVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *TEUTONIC Wed.. July 24. I BRITANNIC Wed.. July 31. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers, Second Cabin will be carried an tne voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Balthnore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform ln model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Salooti and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAY. IMBI and Co., 34, headenhall-street, London, 11.0.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

AM

globipping Potitto.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

A M DELAID-E, ELBOURNE and SYDNEY ti STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

A MEXICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW 1-1_ YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY, -INTENDING EMIGRANIS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

.. .... ..._. T " . HE EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON, By any of the above- mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALIEJiN AND CO. AUNTS

•

w, L.

tg1P..7,•••

===== 0002601_18950720_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I ;

===== 0002601_18950720_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
111, kitb'

0. rioY•

0$ AO-

latv ; 5114."

t 801

-8-16-----REGISTRRRD FOR AFRO 1.1).

Y‘rRSTON FETE AND SALE OF WORK. WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY, July 31st and iv,,,r!Rast lat. Openers, Major ORRBD and Miss BARCLAY. o,,7lining Village Quren, May-pole Dancing, Procession. er, Poultry Rnbbit and Bird Shows. Donkey Races. Ifefe„"t : Ladles v. Gentlemen. Comic Football Match. e 'cello:Leta, Weston Church Brass Band. Admission : ~eason Tickets. ls. 61. ; First Day, 2 to 6, is.; after 6,6 d. ; gttond Day, 2 to 6,6 d. ; after 6, jd.

kRR'S BANKING CoMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK, LIMITED. 40TI IS HEREBY GIVEN that an Extraordinary it;:n4l MEETINC} of this Company will be held at the tiTe'L'4ll, Premises, Winwiek-st., Warrington, on THURSDAY, of ef ds,Y of July, 1895, at Twelve o'cleek, for the purpose _eolaring DIVIDENDS, to be payable on the let August 1.0 m tr:November. and edue,ing the Ordinary Business of ..o,enz,Pany. The TRAN PER BOOKS will be Closed arc "'IDNESDAY, the l'lch July to THURSDAY, the 25th Yi both Days inclusive.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIOR ONH PIiNNT

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS TIIE GREAT REMEDY.

FOR COUGHS. / COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENSA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICHAND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THB

CHNST AND LUNGS.

_______ ......_ _......,..„ These invaluable Wafers. being prepared from Herbs and I Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox's i COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared on' by CI1OR(113 EADE, 72, GOSWELL- ROAD, LONDON. And sold everywhere n Tins Is li ench. Post free from. the Proprietor on reoeipt el Stamp; or Pastel Order.

BT poor { Is. 7id per Quarter, 6s. 64. per•Anumu Is. 94. per Quarter credit.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING D! POT, 8, AND 10, HORSEI4ARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT SPRING SHOW.

Having completed their enormous preparations for the sea son. the M.C.D. beg to gall attention to their leading line and Specialities, comprising a large variety of tiiew Mated,* and an assortment of

STYLES NEVER BEFORE PRODUCED.

The M.C.D. Invite inspection of their High-Clue Goode in VICUNAS,

SERGES, IV DIESPIINS, WORSTEDS, CHEVIOTS, BARRIS TWEEDS, SAXONIES. VENETIANS,

COVERT COATINGS In large and extremely choice Ranges. the most Fashlon able Designs, Weavee,Mixtures, Blends, and Colourings.

MEN'S SUITS 18/6 MENS SUITS MEN'S SUITS 25 / ~.„. / MEN'S SUITS MEN'S SUITS t5l/6 MEN'S SUITS Latest Patterns in Scotch, Irish, West of tiatl,naol or ,c shire Goods.

Plain, Cbeckand Fancy Vicunas, Serpa, and Worsteds, Stylish Tweed Overchecks, Stripes, Fancies, Mixtures. The latebt production. in Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings. MEN'S TROUSERS 6/6 MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 8/11 MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 10/6 MEN'S TROUSERS

===== 0002601_18950720_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M.C.D. SHOW

OVERCOATINGS & COVERT COATINGS. Solid Worsted Twi is, Fa-cv Diagonals, Fine Venetians, and Super lwist Covert Coatings .n the newest Fabhionable Shades. WARRANTED ALL WOOL, 18s. 6D. and 22g. 6n.. Lined through with Italian.

The M.O.D. YOUTHS' DEPARTM ENT Is extensively stocked with New Goods HIGH-CLASS. Si YLISH. EASY-FITTING. YOUTHS' SUITS From Superior !neut. Trim- YOUTHS' SUITS lt /6 ming, and Wrrkniau. YOUTHS' TUITS k,r/ Bhp. EVERY OATIoFACTION GUARANTEED.

THE BOYS' DEPARTMENT At THE M.O.D. Is a Marvel For

NOVELTY,

TASTE,

DESIGN. The Variety of Styles in Juvenile Clothing has never been so extensive as In the present Season, and the Proprietors have SPARED NO PAIN to make this Department Second to None in the Town. BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS from 2s. lID. BOYS SAILOR SUITS from 2s. lID. BOIS' NORFOLK SUITS from 78. 6D. BOYS' RUGBY UITS from Bs. 6D. BOYs' REEFER SUITS from Bs. 6D. BOYS' ETON SUITS from 178. 6D,

IYS' COVERT COA.TS, very Stylish from 10s. 633.

All the M.O.D. Clothing is made on THEIR OWN PIM MISES under Persoaal Supervision, and guaranteed Reliable in every respect.

The M.C.D. ORDER DEPARTMENT '— Contains a Selection of the Choicest Onode nroduoed throughout the Kingdo MEN'S SUITS 295. 6D., TO M EASURE. MEN'S COATS AND VESTS 225. 6D., TO MEASURE. M iRuUSERS 8s 6D., 'lO MEA'4URE. MEN'S COVERT COATS AND SUMMER CHES. TERFI &LDS 21s, TO _MEASURE.

PRACTICAL CUTTING AND FIRST-CLASS V% ORKMANS HIP.

FIT GUARANTEED.

THE M_ANCHESTED TAILORING} AND kjLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSE MARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON.

KRATING'S

'KEATING'S

PO W D .

OW D "

_KBATING';4

I) _l_

KEATING'S:

PO WIDAR.

This Powder, so celebrated, is known as being perfectly unrivalled indestroying BUGS. PLBAS, MOTHS, BIiIITLES, and all Insects ,while perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woolens and furs- should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. To ovoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." It is sold only in tins, and very genuine tin hae my signature "Thomas :fixating "on the-label. See this to prevent being defrauded. 3d. 6d. L. LEGE. 3d, 6d. L. LAGER TINS. LA:

I

_JARGER I INS. 8. LARGER TINS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND B/TTBII ALMS. ALLSOPP'S MILD Ana BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WIIIIATLBX'S DUNG KR BURR. To ha had int CASK or BOTTLES from

13. CuNs INGHAM., near WATKIN-STRIBRT, WARRESurON.

Established /885. Estimates given' W. J. SHAW, R.P.C., AND OONSI MUSTERED SAN!). ARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLA NI-LANE, WARHINGI OR. PA/ETERS. GLAZIERS. ?API:CM:TANG/SEEL PLUMBING done on the simplest and moet approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest imp,ovemcmts from £lO and apwards BEST PRICE given for OLD LEAD.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF 1. WARRINGTON. THB PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Durgy. and Engine kept In stock. Wagons sent t,o any Rai laity Statio H Drders promptly ettemied to. Telephone No. 98 N.E.—Orders received also at 19A, banker-st.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., La DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLF.T & CO., LB., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES.

_ • HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS : SL TE WHARVES : Arpley. Arp!ey, Ban k Quay Telephone No. 19. Manion street, Runcorn. Garston,, TeL d&em Mold Tu. Arplearrienata:hi,

ME

_......0101d

IL.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS

Semso : "He is not rich, and yet he makes a great deal more money than he spends." Rodd: "How can that be?" Samso : "He works in the

Josits "I'm quite a near neighbour of yours now, Mn. Golightly ; I've taken a house on the river." Mrs. G. : "Oh ! well, I hope you'll drop

in some day." WIFE "What are you sitting by the open window for? Do you want to catch your death of cold?" Husband: "That new homeopathic doctor across the way says he can cure the worst cold in two days. I bet him live shillings he can't. I am going to wia his money."

- IT takes a gi-I about four hours longer to clean the front windows of a house than the back win-

dows. A PAPER announced for its columns a forthcom• ing story entitled " The Prettiest Girl in Town." A hundred young ladies have sent post-cards and warned the editor not to use their real names. YOUNG MOTRER : "Don't you think baby very much like his father?" Lady Visitor : " Yes, I do. But don t worry. He may grow out of it." _ _

MORE THAN SHE ASKED Fou.—Mrs. Spooney : "Will you love me just as much, darling, when I am old?" Mr. .Spoolloy : "More, Lydia; you

won't be so silly then!" Hs: "Au, if I might linger by your side for ever I s,ould be another man!" She: "How tunny I It is another man that does linger there." IT was the newly-fledged bee that, after ventur- ing out of the hive on a wet day, sang out on his return, "There's no place like comb." SoMEBODy says : • "True happiness is found in pursuing something, not in catening ir." The man who pursues the last 'bus at night knows better. HE WAs FoncivEN.—She : "You forget your- self, sir." He : "How could I think of myself in your presence?" FATHER (wishing to impress the lesson): "Now, my son, tell me why I punished you!" Son: "That's it—you've pounded the life out of me, father, an' now you don't know what you done it for !" MYSTERY EXPLAINED.—" Why is Miss B. wear- ing black ?" "She is in mourning for her husband." "Why, she never had a husband.'' "That is why she mourns. She is grieving over the husband she hasn't got. "True happiness, my son, consists in finding that you have paid two shillings for an article exactly like that for which your friend had to pay half a crown the day before.' SOMEONE is always wanting special legislation. Here comes a man advocating the passing of a law competing railway restaurant-keepers to date their apple pies and sandwiches. "OH, for some new-coined name by which to call him ! Oh, for some name no other lips could give I" was the prayer of Violet until she married him. Now she is content to call him Old Beeswax. "Is his lordship at home?" asked a gentleman of a well-powdered flunkey. "Pont know, sir, I'm sure. I will just inquire." He returned with the message, "No, air. His lordship desires me to say that he has just gone out.' "Ah I thank you very much. Kindly give him my com- pliments, and say I didn't call I' A CRUEL SUGGESTION.--" But you do not love me, mademoiselle; you will never love me ! There is nothing left for me to do but to go and put an end to my existence. "In what way, if you please !" "By blowing out my brains." "Then von might oblige me by purchasing your revolver at Durand's. Durand and I are engaged, and I should only be too glad to have an opportunity of putting sranething in his way." "I'm very tired," said the lady at the head of the supper table one Sunday evening. "You should not be," said her minister, who had been asked in to the evening meal; "you haven't preached two sermons to-day." "No," said the lady, absent-mindedly, "but I listened to them." Carruirr NAPPING.—UncIe : "Dear me, Karl, what a poor memory you have." Nephew: "A poor memory, you say? Why, I can repeat four pages of the names in the directory after reading them through only once!" Uncle: "I'll bet you a hamper of champagne that you can't do it." The nephew sends for a directory, attentively peruses tour pages, and shuts up the book. Uncle: "Well?" Nephew: "Smith, Smith, Smith," etc., ad in,finitum. All the four pages of the direc- tory being taken up with this familiar patronymic, our student won his bet in tine style. OLD GENT (proposing health of happy pair at the weddieg breakfast) : "And as for the bride- groom, I can speak with still more confidence of him, for I was present at his christening, I was present at the banquet given in honour of his coming of age, I am present here to-day, and I trust I may be spared to be present at his funeral !" (Sensation). Lirriss ETHEL : "Mamma, Mrs. Nexdoor's ehildr n are playin' house in their garden. Mayn't we play house in ours ? " Mamma? "Certainly." Little Ethel : "That'll be lovely. Then we can quarrel over the back fence, just like real neighbours." "What have you named your baby, Rastus ?" asked a visitor. "Samuel Pro Tem. Johnson, sah." What is the 'Pro Tern.' for?" "To show dat de name is only temporary, sah. We kind o' thought dat Sam might like to choose his own name when he growed up, sah, so we put 'Pro Tern.' in as a warning to de public." "PLEASE, sir, it was 9.20 when you got here. When we're late you always keep us after school," said the smart boy. "Very well," said the school- master; "you shall all stay and keep me after school, for an hour." CLERGYMAN: "You say you are going to marry again. You surprise me. This will make the fourth husband, will it not?" She: " Yes ; and as you performed the ceremony each time, I called to see if I couldn't make some arrangement with you about getting a discount on the marriage fee through taking a quantity." TEN persons at an hotel table ordered " blanc mange' for dessert. No. 1 called for blammange, No. 2 for blue monge, No. 3 for blanc mange, No. 4 for blong mong, No. 5 for bla mong, Na. 6 for bluemong, No. 7 for blanche mange, No. 8 for blammong, No. 9 for blang maunch, and No. 10 for blammonge. A MAN was travelling lately while afflicted with a very bad cough. He annoyed his fellow travellers greatly, till finally one of them remarked, in a tone of displeasure :—" Sir, that is a very had cough of yours !" "True, sir." replied our friend; "but you will excuse me, it's the best I've got." "My dear, look down below," said Mr. Grand- iose, as he stood on the bridge with his wife, and gazed at a tug hauling a long line of barges. "Such is life : the tug is like the man, working and toiling, while the barges, like women, are— " I know," interrupted Mcs. G., acridly; "the tug does all the blowing, and the barges bear all the burden." THE WAITER'S MISTAKE.—He had made a hearty meal at a restaurant, and, getting up, he said to the waiter: "1 declare if I haven t forgotten my purse !" The waiter fired up, and hurled big words at him for fully three minutes before pausing for breath. When a change came the stranger continued, "But I have a five-pound note here in my waistcoat pocket 1" The waiter could not smile to save his life.

REPORTING PROGRESS. —She is one of those very matter-of-fact girls. "How are you getting on with your inusie" asked the young man, who was caEing on her. "Well," she answered, "of course it wouldn't be proper for me to ovinpliment myself. But some of the neighlriurs have told me that they have stayed awak,i at night for hours listening to my plriying..' And she smiled in 1, elf-approving way that was sweet to behold. A CERTAIN American, who had a great horror , of being called on for an after-dinner speech, ' described himself, when asked to make one, as being in a worse case than Daniel: for when Daniel saw the lions in the den ope:iing t ieir jaws preparatory to the satisfying of their hunger, he said, Well, if there's ady after dinner speaking to be done on this occasion, it wun't be done by me!" " LET me tell you, 151 rs Thomas," said a happy pareat to a rustic neighbour, 'my son Ernest has got a first prize." " 'oh ! I quite understood y.htir feelings, marm," said Mrs. Thomas. " rfelt pet the same when our young pig carried off a medal at the agricultural show."

===== 0002601_18950720_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S CORN RXTRACIOR

A Corn Plaster Cc:et:Opined (Patented), a wonderful improve ment. This Plaster is the well-known Alleoek's Corn Pla.tt r with a little di; c added that in a tew days extracts the Corn. and relief is felt as soon as applied ; for all pressure of the boot is removed. D .n't be put v with any other remed!.. as none other will give the immediate oomfort. Paice 71d. and per box of all Chemists. Sold by: y oUNG, Pharmaceutical Ch tmist, Warrington. '

===== 0002601_18950720_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

The story told by Lord Tweedirouth on Monday about the funds of the National Lifeboat Institu- tion is disheartening enough The country is proud of the service as a whole, and the institution un- questionably deserves support. But its local management is often the subject of complaint, and on two or three occasions lately there have been just animadversions on the conduct of some of the crews. Still, it is difficult to think these things have affected the receipts so much as to reduce the income from £BO,OOO to .C 73,000 a year.

General Booth's arrangement for his forthcoming tour round the world have now been definitely made. He is to leave this country on August 10 h for South Africa' and from South Africa he will pro- ceed to New Zealand, Tasmania, and Australia. He will come home by India, where he proposes to conduct a campaign of nearly seven weeks. Be hopes to land in England on his return about the second or third week of March. Cotr missioner Pollard is to accompany the General on his tour.

--- The hot weather is bringing on the harvest very fast in the southern counties. The prospect is not good. Straw is short, and the ears are small, and the grain will be shrivelled. The bay crop has mostly been secured in fine condition. Hops are suffering from the beat. The pastures are becom- ing very bare, and a great scarcity of keep is im- minent. In the London markets all sorts of produce have been cheap. Potatoes are very plentiful and good. Strawberries are nearly over, but English cherries are abundant and -very good. Salmon is very cheap and good. Bush fruits are very plenti- ful. A few early plums are to hand. The prospects of the English orchards are very good, especially for stone-fruit.

Grouse shooting in Scotland this year will claim additional notice from the fact that the Emperor William is to have a week on the moors. For the rest, however, the reassembling of Parliament is likely to interfere somewhat with the sport, by keeping legislators in the south. This may give the birds in Some parts a somewhat longer reprieve,and this, having regard.to the severity of last winter, will not come amiss. On the highest ranges of the Scottish moors it is doubtful indeed if the winter has left birds enough to make anything like fair sport.

Mr Henry Matthews is fairly well off, and, being unmarried, is in a position to contemplate the ex- penises of a Peerage with equanimity. As Home Secretary for six years be drew thirty thousand pounds, which proved far and away beyond his re- quirements. the new Peer's heir presumptive is his nephew, who is M. de La Chere, of Paris.

Baron James, not Baron Aylestone of Hereford, I as it is said Sir Henry James intends to style him- self,has an important piece of judicial patronave to dispose of almost immediately on his appointment to the Chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster. The appointment is the Vice-Chancellorship of the County Palatine of Lancaster. which has become vacant by the death of Mr. F. 0. Robinson; Q.C. It is worth £3,500 a year.

It is not generally known that there are at pre-] sent studying at the Royal Military school of Music Kneller Hall, no fewer than twelve men and boys of the Gold Coast Constabulary, who are being pre- pared to become bandsmen and trainers in Africa. They are all negroes. Although • they speak but little English, they fraternise well with the lads of British regiments under training, and join gladly in most games, such as cricket, football, and lawn tennis. Their progress in their studies is compara- tively slow, but in their capacity for hard work they fairly put their British comrades to shame. This is the first time that PO many have been to- r/ether, though for many years coloured bondsmen have been trained at Kneller Hall for the West Indian regiments, which are also permitted to have , European trained bandmasters.

It is now frankly admitted among the Unionists that their successes have not been in any sense due to the " programme "put. forward by Lord Salis- bury on the day of the prorogation. The old-age pensions scheme is still relied upon to have an 4-ffret in the counties, hut in London at all events it has done nothing for the candidates. Two things have bren mainly trusted to—the badness of trade and the unpopularity of the Local Veto Bill, in respect to the provisions of which the most extra- ordinary misrepresentations have been current. It seems to have been absolutely impossible to drive I it out of the heads of a section of voters that the I passing rf the measure meant the indiscriminate closing of the public-houses, while the " rirhmen's clubs" were to remain open. This suggestion has I been used with the utmost ingenuity by the Union- I ists canvasser. I am told that certain of the Liberal candidates attribute their defeat, in part, to the quarrels which have taken place among the members of the Irish party; but although some votes may have been lost in this way,there is reason to believe that, generally speaking. the Irish ques- tion has not been very prominent. The Church vote has undoubtedly been influential, but it has been given without any great demonstration. Local Veto, had trade, and 66 Independent Labour " are at the bottom of the Liberal reverses in the capital, and to these may be adde I the unfortunate fact that n number of constituencies were nnprovided with Liberal candidates up to the eleventh hour.

There is one thing for which this election wilt he memorable, and that is the uncertainty which up to the last has been felt even among experts as to the turn which the election was going; to take. For in,-tance. in North Lambeth even after the poll had closed a lame body of Unionists still believed that Mr. Stanley had been defeated. A great deal of this was no doubt due to the uncertainty as to the strength of the opposition to Local Veto. However, there is the same doubt now in respect to the counties. How the rural constituencies are going 'no one can pretend to foretell. They may yet redeem the Liberal pot,ition, but none of the experts on either side with whom I have an opportunity of talking profess much confidence in the matter. The indications from the smaller boroughs are not par- ticularly trustworthy. Take, for instance, the Eastern counties. There were two or three "index "constituencies among those which polled on Monday. but the In.s nt Boston was as unloolted for as the gain at Grimsby.

Sir William Harcourt, far from being depressed by his defeat, takes it smilingly, and is in the best of spirits. After the result at Derby,some of his friends and relatives pressed him to retire, but he would not hear of it. Of course he has been over- whelmed by offers of seats each described as "per- fectly safe if you would fight it," but naturally this sort of thing does not tempt him. Mr. Gladstone wrote him a long and sffeetionate letter of sym- pathy at once, and so. curiously enough, did the Duke of Devonshire. Mr.Balfoor has also expressed indirectly his great regret. Sir William Harcourt himself says he has only one regret in resigning office at this moment—namely,that he has left such a very large and rapidly growing surplus in the National Exchequer to tim Unionist party,who will, of course, not fail to point to it as the immediate result of the change of Government.

The scene of enthtigagm at the National Liberal Club when Mr. Keir rdie's defeat was announced WIIP of a significant character. The great meeting room rang with cheerino.which was renewed when the secretary, Mr. Donald Murray, placed in the corner of the placard not the black disc announcing a Liberal defeat, but the red disc, which is used to denote a Liberal gain.

The Japanese have but barely had breathing time in which to recover from the effects of their struggle with China.when they are threatened with another invasion This time it is General Booth who has his eye upon Japan, and who bas resolved upon planting the flag of the Salvation Army upon its shores. The G.neral has made the preparations for taking the field and for commencing operations immediately. The first contingent starts for Japan under the leadership of Colonel Wright. The meet- ing held in the City Temple to inaugurate the pro- ceedings was of a most enthusiastic character, and should be a happy augury for the future of the work of the Army in Japan.

Fverybody wonders how the Pearson Pottery Company, Hanley, enst sell 100 pieces of crockery for one guinea '£l 1s). Get a post card at once, and send for Eq. A beauti rut dinner service, a china tea service, jugs. 1 asins, dishes &c. Everytody pleasurably surprised, All for one guinea. If you wish to save money, write tothe PKARSON PovrEnY Co.. Hanley for particulars.—Adet I

===== 0002601_18950720_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, 7, •

===== 0002601_18950720_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE EXA

.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

I daresay you found out long ago how dowdy last year's skirts look if we try to make them up for this year. The cut of this year's skirt differs very much, and I am giving you a design of one of the new shapes which is suitable for most occasions. It may be carried out in any material, from the richest satin to the humblest cotton. The front is plain, cut out of the double material with a straight edge of the pattern laid on the fold. The entire skirt consists of five gored breadths, of which four form the side and back pieces, and the fifth the front. The skirt requires to be interlined, preferably with crin, the favourite French material for the purpose, a stuff composed, as its name implies, in great part of horsehair. Though this is dearer than ordinary stiffening, costing about Is. 3d. a yard, it has the advantage of being durable, elastic, and retaining its shape. All skirts of silk and material now being made in France on our model have two fine steels inserted in front a little above the hem, to ensure the skirt setting out in the orthodox semi-eircular fashion. Many English-cut skirts have an ugly trick of kicking up right in the centre of the front breadth, and this has a very ungraceful effect, sometimes obviated by raising the skirt a little on the hip towards the back, which may throw in the front somewhat. The organ-pipe pleatings at the back require to be held in place by elastic, and on the position of this elastic, varying with the require- ments of each figure, much of the success depends. The lining chosen to cover the crin may be of thin silk or sateen, of matching or contrasting hue ; and a frill of silk to match the lining is usually added as a balayeuse, round the hems, though this may be omitted. In France the favourite lining is a material called polonaise, a soft mixture of cotton and silk, to be had in every possible shade —shot, or striped, or plaid; as preferred. Blouses are now being worn in Paris with short sleeves. A fashionable one was made in white Pongee silk, the sleeves, which reached to the elbow, having double puffs. The yoke was trimmed with jet, and down the front, which was box-pleated, were jet buckles. Long black silk gloves reaching to the elbow were worn. The toque was trimmed with short silk and blue pansies, the skirt being of the black crepon.

Some of the Regent-street giillinery is something to be seen. The following hat is not only one that every woman should want to wear, but a hat that nearly every woman can wear; for it is wonder- fully cheap. Such an excellent hat it is, too. It is made of Panama trimmed with white wings and black satin ribbon ; and equally cheap is one which turns up at one side, and is made of straw, trimmed with white satin set into points. Exceeding good it is, fit to grace a garden party, always supposing it is set on a fair, young face. It needs a fair, young face. But she who possesses not that luxury may be advised to indulge herself with that brown straw, with a trimming of black silk-edged accor- dion-kilted bows clasped with diamond buckles. At one side stands erect a spray of yellow flowers deepening into orange, and just in the front are two black wings. At the same shop was a really capital sailor hat, of a coarse straw. It has a good brim and a good crown; it is known as the Club sailor, and it costs 6s. 6d., and, as the Irishwoman would say, "Here's long life to it !" It is trimmed with a large bow of satin ribbon and two wings.

The collar or yoke of embroidered cambric or lace and muslin has come assertively to the front rank in the summer fashions, and the newest are composed of white sprigged net or muslin trimmed with lace and insertion in buttercup-yellow tint, others by contrast being tinted in golden-tan or ecru d'or, but the combined attractions of the white and yellow are decidedly the prettier. These collars are in every instance edged with frills of lace or embroidery, the outlines varying either in three points, square, or umbrella-shaped with six points, and mostly fastened at the back, as also do the blouses, one of which I must describe. A white muslin closely powdered over with oblopg dots had been chosen, and was made full into a yoke, over which an extremely pretty collarette was arranged in plain muslin, made quite round with a deep frill edged with a narrow Valenciennes lace in yellow and two rows of insertion, the fulness con- tained up the throat in a series of little tucks drawn full and each one edged with a similar row of narrow lace. And now I will tell you of a coat of a very little boy. It is a promenade coat, and. is suitable for little boys-from 2 years to 4 years, and is made in

arranged

cream Bengaline trimmed silk guipure. it could also be made in cream fancy cloth. A white satin three-cornered hat with mount of three-quartat ostrich tips is worn with this coat. Your loving JENsza.

A greater number of men than women become stout late in life. No satisfactory explanation is offered of this fact.

O AVITTIERS.—Mrs. WI low's Soothing Syrup has been used over flay years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant. to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, swift e little cherub awakpe "as bright as a button." Of al, chemists, is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

- ~. , fi, / ".f_, ...... . .. . ...__ ~ • .... 0 ~,,N)„, af tri Ar 1 rr-- -/.04 • ~,,, -1 '../. /4' - ' ',.:e 4•4'.;°•titi 1 fil't , /, l• tt I/ . '

1 pig 1 _ , '-' .4": ( Ic--- ,=•.' ;. k cNI ......., h.:: • 4 -,-*

• (' \ll ) , 17/((t,70/ • ‘,' /4,0

===== 0002601_18950720_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
INER, SATURDAY, J ULY 20. 1895.

It takes seventy thousand insects to make one pound of cochineal. To detach a fish-bone from the throat, swallow a raw egg as quickly as it can be obtained. Ink-stains on anything white can be removed by wash- ing first in strong salt and water and then in lemon-juice. This does not rot the fibres like salts of lemon. Paris actresses wear paper lace, which by night looks as beautiful and delicate as the best of real lace, while it costs but a trifle. Each figure in a first-class waxworks exhibition has to be re-made every four or five years. The wax loses colour, and becomes soft and spongy after that time. There are now in the United Kingdom one hundred land seventy-seven women doctors and one hundred and twenty women members of School Boards. Le Bing Nam, a Chinese Athlete, says that his extra- ordinary strength is due to his diet,which consists chiefly of boiled rice and boiled ducks' heads. The brains of the duck, he asserts, are very strengthening. A match-cutting machine is quite an automatic curiosity. It cuts ten million sticks a day, and then arranges them over a vat, where the heads are put on at a surprising rate of speed. Taken altogether, the value of the fish landed on the coast of England and Wales for the first two months of the preaent year was seven hundred and twenty-seven thousand pounds as compared with seven hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and eighty pounds for the equivalent period of 1894. The Queen received from the Nizam of Hyderabad, premier Prince of India, a birthday gift, of which there has enly just been any public mention. It is a Life of Her Majesty written, in Hindustani, on the figure of a tree. It is called .K/rat guitar ; which,being interpreted, means" the style of flower." The penmanship, which is beautiful, was a year's work. When Queen Victoria was first photographed by Mr. Down* y,says the" Mascot," he was asked by his friends "What did you say ? " and " What did she say ? " " Well," said Mr. Downey, " I took Her Majesty just as I wad anny ither pairson ; and when I'd settled her I said" Wad it please Her Majesty to put on a more fav- ourable countenance al ' and she said, Sairtainly, Mr. Dooney. ' " The University of Durham, which has done so much for men who could not afford to go to Oxford or Cam- bridge, has opened its doors to women students. Vi ith the exception of Divinity, all the Durham degrees are now open to women. At a Convocation last week the degree of B.Sc. was conferred on Miss Ella Mary Bryant, of the Durham College of Science, Newcastle-on-Tyne. Miss Bryant is the first woman to obtain a degree under the new Charter. Her presentation by the Sub-Warden at the Convocation created great enthusiasm. Paris takes the palm as regards the luxury rife among her gilded celebrities. La Bella Jeanette. 3 lady of his- toric fame, has thus arranged her bath-room. To begin I with, the light falls through a large skylight of dark blue panes. The bath itself is in pink crystal, encircled with silver, with steps of the same metal. Further, it is draped with costly Malines lace. In her own room exotics pre- dominated. The Alergon lace curtains of her be i are caught up with bunches of lace flowers, while garlands of the same trim the head of her bedstead. The Use of Tears.

The use of tears is to cleanse the eye. They act as a tonic, keeping the eye soft and bright. The reason why some people cry more easily than others is on account of a more delicate nervous system, which causes the nerve fibres about the tear glands te vibrate more easily, re- sulting in a flow of tears. Although tears do not injure the eves, they inflame the skin, and it is only the hero- ines of novels who can weep without disfiguring them- selves.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Chinese Girls.

In Yanan, in China, girl children are sold into slavery to a dreadful extent. In one year, says Dr. Morrison, no less than three thousand children, chiefly girls, were sold to dealers, and carried like poultry in baskets to the capital. In or iinary times the price for girls is 34. for every year of their age, but in time of famine chil- dren become a drug in the marker, and little girls are sold at from 3s. 4d. to Qs. each. They are bought in the capital for wives and " gatows," but are rarely sold into prostitution. The price for a wife varies according to her beauty, the chief item being the smallness of her feet.

Summer Complaints. Diarrhcea is a very common disease in the summer- time. Cholera is nothing more than exaggerated diarrhcea. When a man is said to have died of diarrhcea he has really died of cholera. It may be well to know that the first, the mot important, and the most indis- pensable item in the arrest and cure of looseness of the bowels is absolute quietude on a bed. Nature hers,-If always prompts this by disinclining us to locomol ion The next thing is to eat nothing but common rice, parched like coffee, and then boiled, and taken with a little salt and butter, Drink little or no liquid of any kind. Bits of ice may be eaten and swallowed at will. Every step taken, every spoonful of liquid, only aggra- vates the disease.

Alone and Unprotected. To any woman who meditates a solitary cycling Our. Miss N. U. Bacon's experiences, related in the " Lady Cyclist," will come as a comfort. " Fcr two consecutive summers," sirs she, "I have toured alone and unpro- tected, and no one has ever treated me discourteou,ly or unkindly. N.;t only so, but I have often accompanied one or two more lady riders in moonlight rides, and havo never suffered any discomfort or grievance.. Whilst I was touring the year Islore last the miners' strike" (lock-out it should be)" filled the country with terror and dismay; but although I met groups of most forbid- dxig who had gone to the woods to eat berries and nuts to satisfy their craving for food, no one showed any signs of ii tnrferimg with me, but, nn the contrary, as if ti reassure me of their friendly attitude, they raisod their hats and said good morning to me as I cycled past."

Profit from PleaFuratilp_NN'ork.

Quite a number of women now-a-days possessing Far- dens earn money by disposing of the surplus produce. They have discovered there is a market for flower blos• 130111 e. seeds, seedling plants and vegetables. It may not be a large amount which they are enabled to bring in, but quite sufficient to provide them with neressai pocket money. A lady of limited means residing in the country laughs and says her garden clothes herself and daughter. In other words she sePii enough out of her garden to buy all their clothes. Another lady half for- nishes her house by this means, and many o hers might be mentioned who by the aid of the gardens have brought in a welcome addition to a meagre income. Many women supply their friends in town or those whose gard, n ground is one limited scale ; while others find a shot,. cheap advertisement in one or two of the newspapers brim- s them cmtomers and enabl 5 them to graduall • buid up a small connection. Of course this is not done without work. Gardens re(' air a good deal of atteetim, but it is healthful working in the open air, and looking at the large number of people who are debarred from growing their Cu' flowers and vegetables, or only on a very limited scale, besides those requiring Bee& and plants, this appears a good field for those desirous oF aliqmenting a meagre income. One important matter should always be borne in mind—to supply a good article at a reasonable price. This is too often lost sight of by People wanting to find a sale for their produce. "Cassell' s Saturday Journal."

===== 0002601_18950720_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WHO IS THE BEST AN GLER ?

--- Mr. William Sonior—" Red Spinner "—writinr, in the V indaor Magazine and dealing w'th " Angling rs an Exercise " remark; :—" Trout fishit"., is the sport of the many amongst fly-fishermen, and the exercise required in the methods which are recognised as quite orthodox is probably the happy medium, yielding pleasure with the least penalty of toil. The members of the most recent school of trout fishers are believers in the floating fly, but it is wrong to assume that there is any burning question in the matter. The hest angler is the man who is master of all the legiti- mate devices for beguiling fish into his landing net, and I AM not now concerned with any controversial as- pects of the dry-fly question. The spectacle of an angler upon a chalk stream, where this style is to all intents and purposes Hobson's choize, is not at all suggestive of bodily activity should he happen to be waiting for a rise.' IThe trout will only heed an artificial fly that is dropped in front of them with upstanding wings: and in form of body and appendages, as in the manner of its progress on the surface of the stream, this enunter- feit presentment most strictly imitate the small smile. merie which are hatching in the bed and floating down the surface of the stream. As the trout do not rise un- til the natural fly appears, and as the hatches of fly are capricious, there are often weary hours of waiting when the angler must he perforce inactive. Pis exercise comes in full measure when the hour of action does ar- rive, and he will find some motion in the eventless in- tervals by walking up the river on the look out for olive ; dun or red quill. The whipper of the mountain streams, lor the wet-fly practitioner who fishes a river where the 1 trout are not particular in their taates, is in the way of exercise the most fortunate of all. He is ever passing from pool to pool, lightly equipped,changing his scenery every hour, now whipping in the shadow of overhang- ing branches, now crouching behind a messy crag, end now brushing the green embroidery of an open section of the stream. The broad tranquil flow is exchanged for merry ripples and sparkling shallows, and these are succeeded by strong and concentrated streams foaming , and eddying adown a rocky gorge. Trout here and there are dronped into the pannier from time to time, end it is a wholesomely tired angler, with a grand ap- petite and capacities for sound Sleep, who at night will ! welcome his slippers at the inn."

The Health and Vigour of an individual depends uron the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood Wn st e pro- ducts. and if these be not eliminated but (through any cause) detained in the blood they influence nutrition cud function and Snalv produce °manic dise,se." The Hunninitarian.,' In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kind., the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- ierful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blued Mixture s sold everywhere. et 2s. 9d. per bottle—Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (5)

===== 0002601_18950720_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

===== 0002601_18950720_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950720_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GLENALPINE'S OATH; OR, THE MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS.

BY SYLVANUS COBB, 33.

This is a story of love and war, and is full of adventures in the Highlands of Scotland, on the sea, and in the jungles of India. It is intensely interesting from the first to the last.

CHAPTER IV. THE DUEL.

On the morning succeeding the events of the gaming-table, Harold and the two captains met at an early hour, and walked out into the park, where the subject of the late brawl was discussed. The officers desired that the matter should be pushed no further. Not only had Talford deliberately and openly cheated at cards, but he had done it in out- rage of the hospitality of a friend. A duel, they thought, could only serve to give wings to the dis- graceful fact. The were confident that they could bring their comrade around to a friendly adjust-

ment. But Harold had his own ends to answer, and finally he proposed the thing which he wished to accomplish, keeping to himself, however, his ulterior purpcse. His companions listened, and shook their beads; but after a time they withdrew their oppo- sition. Near to the mansion they stopped, and Berwick laid his hands upon the shoulders of the two captains. "1 thank you, gentlemen, for your kind consent," be said. "I wish simply to give the young man a lesson,—nothing more, I assure you. He has brought with him from college a few conceits which can be taken from him without harm." "To please you we will do it," said Lund. "Will you arrange with Talford, or shall I?" "You had better leave that in our hands. You shall hear from us as soon as the lieutenant is up." It was Bashaw who said this, and, as he spoke, Lionel Talford appeared upon the scene. Harold withdrew, leaving the officers to themselves, and ere long afterwards Lundie brought him wood that the thing had been arranged. Arthur was bathing ha head over the waeh-basin when Harold entered his chamber. "Finish your toilet my boy," said the latter, "You've got something important to say to me.

Harold ?" "Yes,—or I should not have intruded in this unseemly fashion. But go on and finish dressing. There is no hurry." Arthur looked into his step-brother's face with an eager wistful expression; but be met only a blank smile in return, and witheut further remark he resumed his dressing, which task was soon accomplished. "Now, Harold—what is it ? " "Are your nerves steady, old fellow?" Arthur coloured with shame. Harold marked the effect of his question, aud quickly added: "I found it necessary to swallow a goodly meas- ure of brandy this morning. I don't think the prescription would be bad for you." "0, what fools we are 1" the youth cried, as he turned towards his dressing-table, on which was an ebony liquor-case. "I wonder if I shall always be thus cursed 1" "I hope not, Arthur." "And I," responded the unhappy victim, after he had swallowed ai:traught of brandy, "can swear ! that I will not 1" He set the glass back upon the table, and then seated himself. His face was flushed, and his blue eyes were devoid of their wonted lustre and the uprising of the veins upon his white brow gave token of pain. "Harold, we gambled last night ?" It was plain from the manner in which he asked the question, that his mind was upon something more weighty beyond, but he took this method of reaching the more important subject. " We had a social game of loo." "And I lost ? " "You? you lost?" repeated Harold, with affected surprise. "What do you mean?" I mean what I say. Dal I not lose at every turn ?" "Do you remember the game?" "No. But I find my pockets empty this morn- ing.. "Pockets empty!" cried Harold. "What in the world are you talking about? You must have been particularly oblivious." "I think," said Arthur with another flush of shame, "that I was drunk enough to be obli- vious." "And yet you won heavily." " Won ? 1 won ?" "Yes." "From whom ?" "From all of us, of course. Why, bless your heart, old fellow, the angel of luck seemed to take you directly under her wing. Where is your pocketbook? You stowed the money in there. I acted as banker, you remember, and redeemed the counters at the end of the game. I think I paid you nearly a thousand pounds." " Nonsense ! The stakes we played for couldn't have run up to such a sum." "The legitimate stakes I admit," said Harold, with a smile; "but you became reckless, as did all of us, and the stakes were doubled and quadrupled; and twice you doubled the quadruple, and won both times." Arthur went to his evening coat, which hung over the back of a chair, and took his book from the breast-pocket thereof, and when he opened it he found it stuffed with bank-notes, together with several pieces of gold. He took out the notes, and ran his fingers over their ends. There was certainly a thousand pounds represented in the figures which caught his eye. "Harold, I wish to Heaven I could give this money back. If I could find out how much I won from each one, I would refund every shilling of

"And thus add insult to ill-luck. Now do you suppose Captain uundie would take the offer?" "And yet, Harold, I'm sorry I won it." "Easy, old fellow. There's something else more deserving of sorrow than that." Arthur clutched his hands, and resumed his seat. "I had trouble with Lionel Telford?" he said, after he had somewhat composed himself. "Yes," replied Harold, with solemn seriousness. And thereupon he went on to give an account of what had transpired, taking care that the colouring should ;tot lack in its darker shades. "I think I remember," said the unhappy youth, "of striking Telford upon the cheek. That one act stands out in sharp relief from the darkness. You say I called him a cheat and a liar ?" Yes." "And did he strike me ?" "No. He did not raise his hand." "Have you seen him this morning?" "He has been out, and I have seen his friends." "Out with it, Harold. Let me know the whole. You have told the worst. Will Telford accept of satisfaction ?" "He demands it." "And he shall have it. Will you serve me ?" "I would rather be shot myself, Arthur, than see you harmed; but I don't see how you can honourably avoid this meeting, and as we must keep it as quiet as possible, I will act for you. I will go and see Captain Lundie, and have the arrangements made at once. Have you any direo- tions to give ?" "None. You know what to do." "This does not take you by surprise, Arthur ?" "No. I have expected it. I remember the blow." 4, Touching weapons—" "Anything. Suit yourself. It is all one to me." "And the time—" "The sooner the better." "Are your nerves steady enough ?" "Pshaw I If I waited until my brain was cleat I might not have heart to fire at the friend whom I had insulted. But go, Harold. I will be ready when you return." When Arthur had been left alone, he paced up and down his chamber until he had reviewed the whole situation as it appeared to him. "I am an unfortunate dog at best," he mut- tered, "and let this thing turn as it may, it must crush me. Sir John loves me not overmuch now, and he will be in a fury if I wound one of his guests. And if I fall? Such a thing may be. In that event I would like to leave his lordship some little token of my gratitude for his fatherly care and kindness; for I know that he has loved me in the other times. I have been foolish, I know; but I have not meant to be wicked. I will leave a line for Sir John that he may know how I feel." He eat down to his table and prepared to write. He filled half a page and tore it up. Then he took a fresh sheet and commenced anew. But he could

satiny numiejr, _r rom be utspratton or ma frank and truthful heart expressions crept upon the paper which, when he read them over, he feared might be construed as the wailings of a suf- fering child, and he tore up the second sheet. He had just done this when Harold returned, and quickly brushing away his writing materials, he started to his feet.

"Come, Harold, be frank and outspoken. Let wie know the whole story in as few words as pos- sible." "I can tell it in a very few words indeed, my boy. Captain Lundie and Talford have gone out to the glade beyond the old chapel, and there we are to join them. I have given the pistols to Bashaw, who is a bit of a surgeon in his way and who will attend us. Further arrangements can be made upon the ground. Now, when you are ready—" "I am ready." Arthur put on his coat and hat, and having taken another swallow of the brandy, he followed Harold from the chamber. They went out by a postern, and nearly a mile i away, n a secluded vale, they found the other party. Captain Bashaw had already arrived and loaded the pistols while Harold and Lundie measured off the ground. Talford stood with his back only ex- posed, and did not look around. Arthur also wished to avoid observation. Once he looked towards the man whom he had stricken, and had he at that moment caught Lionel 'falford's eye what a world of anguish might have been saved. Each would have seen in the other's face that there was no enmicy between them would have seen only shame and regret,—but it was not to be.

At length the arrangements were complete, and Moold explained them to Arthur as he delivered the loaded pistol. "We have marked the distance twelve yards. You will stand back to back—that saves the un- pleasant inclination to stare each other In the fees —and the words will be: Ready I fire I At the word, fire," you turn and discharge your piece as quickly or as deliberately as you please." "I understand," said the youth. "Let it be over as speedily as possible." The men were placed in position and the words given. They both turned at the second command and Telford fired and missed. Then Arthur raised his weapon above his head and discharged it into the air. "Fool " cried Harold, advancing towards him, "you are wasting time and patience. Your act will be taken only as fresh insult." "I have simply signified my heart's desire," re- plied Arthur, quietly. "If Lionel Talford demands another shot I am ready." "He will stand here all day, but he will have a shot from you fairly delivered." "I will not detain him so long. Lam still at his command." Harold conferred with the others, and Arthur was soon informed that the lieutenant demanded another shot. So the pistols were reloaded and the combatants once more placed in position. 'READY I—FIRE 1"

..

At the word Arthur turned and fired, this time with a point-blank range, but without aim. Tal- ford uttered a sharp cry and threw up his arms; and before his second could reach him he had fallen prone upon the sward. "My God 1" uttered Arthur, "I have not shot him ?"

"Wait here and I will see." Stricken with terror and remorse, the young man dropped his pistol and leaned back against a tree. What had he done ?—and what the cause? Twelve short hours ago he and Lionel Talford had been as brothers—and now the blood of his friend was upon his hands. He had insulted his own guest—had stricken him a blow—and now-0 1 the suspense was dreadful 1 He saw them take the limp form of Talford into their arms, and bear it away into the shadow of the thicket. He would have gone to the spot, but Harold met him and detained him. "Arthur, you must think of yourself now 1" "Is he dead ? " "Shot through the heart 1" "0, my God 1" "Bear up,—bear up. It is done, and cannot be undone. I had not thought of such a termina- tion. You know the law, and you know how rigid Sir John is in such matters. It is a bad business." Arthur bowed his head, and made no reply. "What will you do ? " Harold asked, after a pause. "Is Lionel surely dead ? " "I doubt if he knew what hurt him. The bullet went straight through his heart. Bashaw fol- lowed its course with a probe. lam sorry. It is dreadful. Things were bad enough between you and Sir John before. I don't know how he will take this." Arthur groaned in agony of spirit. "If it had been a duel growing out from some fair and honourable cause," pursued Harold, ex- corie.tingly, "there might have been ground for hope of adjustment with his lordship ; but as it is, I fear the worst. He will be apt to see in it only what he will be pleased to term the legitimate result of your dissipated course of life. He will see a drunken brawl over the gaming-table; he will see you intoxicated to beastly insensildlity $ he will see one of his own guests insulted, struck, and then shot dead—and all this at your hand. Arthur, I don't want to advise. You must exercise your own judgment." "Without meaning evil—without a thought of evil against any living thing—l have arrived at this !" groaned the youth. "I cannot go back to the mansion—l cannot !" He walked away a piece and meditated alone. When he came back the uncertain look had given place to an ex.pression of fixed determination. "Harold, can I count upon you to help me in this last strait ?" "You may command me, Arthur." "In helping me you will help yourself." "The only joy I ask you is to serve you, my boy." "Your prospect will be good, Harold, when I am out of the way. "Stop 1" uttered the step-brother, peremptorily. "I will hear none of that. If you think I can be influenced by such motives I will withdraw at once." "Forgive me, Harold. I meant no offence. Serve me, and I will thank you. I cannot go back to Birchmear. I will not see Sir John again. I want my portmanteau and my morocco dressing-case. The case is locked, and I will have it as it is. Into the portmanteau I wish you would put my velvet shooting-jacket, and my wrapper, with a change of linen. And my Spanish cloak—if you would bring that too." " Are you serious, Arthur ?" "1 am serious." "You will go to London for awhile ?" "I will go away from Birchmear." "But you will let me know where I may address you? Who knows but that we may be able to fix this matter up." "We can consider that afterwards. Time presses now. Will you serve me ?" With more protestations of friendship Harold turned away upon his mission, promising that he would bring such things as might be required for a journey. "Bear in mind," suggested our hero, " that I may decide to cross over into France." Harold said he would remember. Within an hour he returned, accompanied by hie own vaht, bringing with him the portmanteau, the dressing-case and the cloak. "I think that I have packed up all that you will require," he said; "and I have also brought Tony along, who will go with you and carry your lug- gage as far as you wish. He understands the whole thing, and you may trust him." Arthur accepted the services of the valet. "You have money enough?" "Yes. My unexpected winnings will serve in. well." "You will write to me, old fellow ? " "When I am settled—yes." "And, meantime, be sure I will do my best to make matters right at Birchmear." The words of—parting were brief, and Harold stood and watched his step-brother until he had disappeared beyond the v ood that skirted the vale. Then a smile of exultation sat grimly upon his dark face and he muttered to himself : "Well played—well played! I think I have the leading hand now; and it must 'tie my own fa-alt if I do not win the game !" lo be continued ).

oi ARE these maciterel gime fresn : sante* so , a ragged but pompous old fishmonger who came to her door. "Oh. yes, pullickly an, putlickly so 1" was the reply. " jess nostrilise them and see." " Nostrilise them? What do you mean by that ? " ." Why, lady," said the fish purveyor, ' with a look indicative of pity for her ignorance, "smell 'em! smell 'ern

A STRIKING LIST OF CAMBER WORTHIES. Mr In the July number of the " Windsor Magazine, H. D. Lowry and Mr. T. S. C. Crowther commence a series of articles on Suburban London, in the coal of which they describe " Life in Camberwell. Speaking of Camberwell celebrities, they observe. :-0; "It is perhaps needless to remark that Mr. William Black lived at Camberwell—at Airlie House, in t" Grove—some twenty years ago. Nor is he by al means the only man of letters who has dwelt in tu region lying round about. Mr. Ruskin lived for a long time on Denmark Hill, which, after all, is only Cattabr:. well smelling sweeter in the nostrils of the supern under another name. One knows little enough of ti". facts of Brovvning's life -perhaps because it was ilaPPals and respectable—but it is certain at least that he 5c.... born at Camberwell and there educated. Jowett,Sydne Y_ Dobell, Jelin Oxenford, and Eliza Cook lived there or then abouts at one time or another, as did Charles P 1..% bon—a novelist who never obtained the full recognlr 4 he merited. Thomas Hood lived, towards the end b's 1840, at what is now 181, Camberwell New-road, a'dn d there produced that moving mixture of traged„Y ala, farce,' Kilmansegg.''Oliver Goldsmith—' poor Ll 7; i's as his associates called him, half in affection and ha 1.1,_ pity—was at one time usher in a school at Peckhanl.sition, r".'. man could have been less suited for the pof.: hated it more. The house was standing and knoWnts his name when Poste; wrote his biegraPtlY ll& poet, but it was finally demolished in the Year hood for aT Among others who have dwelt in the neighbour _, greater or longer periods may be mentioned Mr. Ch r. berlain, who, like Browning, went to school in Caroll.,lo ' well. It is said that a Bonaparte lived in inglorious e'oeit at Camberwell Green, while a gentleman calling niracon. the Duke of Normandy dwelt at the same place f 05% nt siderable period. But perhaps the most famous rest ee i . you s.xcept Barnewell—was Edward Alley tor and friend of Shakespeare,who founded Dulnwei ethhe eti l lege. There he married Constance Donne,his"dear sWe„.O he harte and loving mouse,' and there both he and S ' buried." THE HEAD OF THE CECILS. The new Marquis of Exeter, like his father be.,foV., him, is, though a staunch Tory, a back-beach tician, and has been among the very foi B,,bebas ' members which the modern House of C0n503013," ,g boasted. But he once made a speech whig" t's " people talking. It was at an agricultural socie (5,4 1 dinner in Northamptonshire that be bluntlY toe , the farmers—who at that time, for it was wh,sa of n, ,A 1 depression was still young, thought themsatN7bee-nre the landed gentry—that their wives and would be much better occupied in the dairy poultry-yard than wasting their time at the platiie , or over fancy work. Very wrothful pok ware ers ' aforesaid wives and daughters at this outsof utterance, for to the mind genteel tile k e rnakianut utter or the care of fowls was a menial tas. "'th" , , b s Lord Burleigh would not eat his words, and ja -ijey' succeeding years their wisdom has been abundaa testified. 1 iIS 1 dhe Marquis of Exeter is the head of the Ceet be the present Premier being descended frond youngest son of the founder of the house, the .05 IP I, Lord Burleigh, who was Lord High Treasureracy Queen Bess. and her most trusted and most Baghole one councillor. The Cecils of the elder line ^: marrlag e not cut much of a figure in history,but the of the tenth Earl and first Marquis of goter so, , Sarah Hoggins supplied the late Lord Tenilifo, , with the subj,-ct of one of his most popular b ! a The romance has, indeed, little foundation in be- .. for the Earl was a married man at the tira,wes4 ur wooed and won the susceptible Sarah, and 1' „rt not till, by proceeding in the Ecclesiastical Car"ed and a private Bill in Parliament, be had seflable ' the dissolution of his first union that she viase to make that pleasant progress " by ancient ':e",tic of ltd and lady " " to a mansion more insl than any she had seen before.

wEIJJ

I

Two lads, lads, named Robert and Nathaniel (30051199:11:r ' allestesutax, . antil3 years of age respectively, have been bivaistow, charged with murdering their mother LI p iotel•- Ig her. Robert, who is supposed to tie of hadWeeir p , iall ea . ci, states that his younger brother, who .c the ' eaten by his mother, instigated hina to corrias 0011 b(;rime. It is suppnsed that the murder. which cv ( irli i 4" the 10 discovered on Wednesday,was committed on The annual Assembly of the United gerh°u" Nese,' Churches concluded at Norwich on ThursrlaVr",, tinlr• 5 eslr ne stle was chosen as the place of xt Year'3,:, . Alderman Duckworth reported that Assembly h. hoped to have completed his SohBnie , raising £20,000 to erect and endow a coliege• 55.-•••"" ~ ____---- I will s.ndStaiTiviizre!sinTxrzin! ,17TiAg/4„,.,i, to book which eve y woman would be go--„, tells --, ~ Contains importantn and confidential advice IT osoida "1,11.1 si mairied andgl e how to keep healthy a _ rev" _ . set us ell so cEst resi,m4 to the sex. Sent f .ealed, for one stamp to cover postage. AM,K .55 : Professor hi LASALLE 17 as Pad d ington, London. NV . ' ' liJ A X CYCLP S ! 148:,..reatel' . i Prices. r C 1 year ilt r 35 i of new and second-hand Paed TO' and Cushion SAFETIV I'o,, te/111 ' CYCLhS, post free. I°'°.;',,,a c 'min los. monthly.—Barrisa CYCLE MANufAcrow- -45, Rverton-rodd, Liverpool _----- ----- —__--- io. ga fe —t etla:st Write fo ,

FITS OR FJ PILESPY, t. GI DD 'NESS, SENSATIONS, Fsli-NTS. posr thav eos T will demanstr .te to the whole world has hod dre•dful of all complaints. "Epilepsy," ."*c--- tly Or " h therto cartel •,red imsrable, can be per cc (unthout the chance of fail ire). Write to the ' odor,. Durwood House, Surwand Place. Hyde park. care. Ile will send you. " Gratis," full instructions (e 9 PAn " TOBA000:C[8TR commencing" Tort sccontsTs' Co.-186, Euston-toad,Lland°n. HY. MYERS Est. 1866. T, Royal Laundresses say Critchley.is ST M is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish a°oo linen, try., either cold or bailing water starch. °r;ithout wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our Buell ',.,Deaollied "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford lam pleased to inform you that I have tried lu,lo"'your°,' to Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal inenid ho used in every house. Sold at ld•,. 3d..adaros most starch genets. If not in stock will Pr 7..iclActkburn. P.ionrietor.—.4ldsl. or ppetruori; HUPI URE CURED. All who wish to get ria.d,,,g. 11 eet, 600. 10"..str and trusses should send to Mr S. J. Speeialist 61, Chancery-lane, London, and 260 - - ' 'at.

Ifunchester for his BcoecricY,"Pose fr-ee-7-d7=_____- i-dTI• ._.----------A ' THE RUIN OAF I a E p "H. LEiAttLleugh THCo:." LAGUE 0- FORERUNNER OF DRATILA: Congb' . THE gb* 1Y A 0 Little COns vs, Which may 'y be LURED now by the lISCODI'AI II ALL'S fill T UNG REST°RER FOR INFL t. T. lifigg 4 Registered AND ./11,- nnaltOP , I UNG 't1433 NTS. ' j RESTORER " Little CONIPLAL 0 pOW a Never Falls. It POSSESSESTO r UNG to "crylg. IZ h ?Vets in sI I-A RESTORER HFAL, whic other preparation . r VNG FOR COUGIIS 0,, oR C°l4 0 ' -4 11ESTORP 4R 00 iLs to Never Fails. It NISTES FA , or. I UNG INSTANT 1-4 -11 ) ESTOR E it It TUB VEST' •-.l)%gg ffllC' IS A SOOTIII L.„lots. 1 UNG 1.T.1D8 TO Tfiß , 1.1 RESTORER d Refreshing. -.. 1 UNG CONTI" I Li R , ESTOR ER DOES NOT _OO.O 1 ND CalmUC RE: SLR 6? LAvnANuM. oE Never Falls Aiourni.A• I UNG Fon WllCien[NeC4o. -.1 13 ESTOIZER , 1011' . It o°.. f TING IT ACTS LIO A ..- .... 00 . Never Fails ONE e; RESTORER J 1 010 13001'15. II ALL'S. 1.7 vAI,IIS' ,‘,(..; 11 ESTORER PROVES ITS E.egiAtere loss. 4 .4 ii, cwidire2ll 417 Is IVP3INSTANr a STABLIVIDD NEVER NRVFJ` FAIL.. RELIEF. ' FAILS. RxTRAOT FROM LETTER ON IVITNgSS 13 .dom , 4 rs, H. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, OrTetised .4; T.. kir, Tiros, II 5.M..-.. Dmtn Sta.-i Oar Pour IAll'!0 ,1, to the great benefit derived from thetas° ,TORIIR, which I have given to several. hotTIO-til tWO 013 set+ particularly It effects Wirue plea° ,c•As. hexing cured most obitinate Coughs. I ells ' recommend It to all my frit,nds.'' „Lift:6 .-- anuT[oN. -When you sk, ask for a Bolan Of P.,„`itaill, 11l N 0 It ESTORER, don'tnbe persuaded to ocelifiaen)ottg ..',,,.. Upon the outside wjapper of every gend gignOu . .o, arA my Trade Mark (the tignre of Hol'e) 83 P wart, Of traudolent imitatiomi and Innoyations.l , ',; ~•1 I,V Chemists "and Stores everywhere dAenlflii 0, l 1 and 2s. 9d. Sliorild there be CO t fotor 110".10. it will be. s a ent earri go paid. on receipov '. , ..unt, fr,:mi qlffis. RALL, 2a .

oc fAlreop4Th .4,0*

===== 0002601_18950720_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950720_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

Wth Or- dinary ?ostage 1,13 to

With Extra MAILS. Halfpenny Stamp up to

1-25---a.m.

Newton-le-Willows .... Widnes, Appleton, Farnw Di tton. Penketh, Preston Br Frodsharn, Helsby, Daresb and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lym m, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Pd.cigate, Stotock ton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchor t.... Manch.ttster, Macclesfield, Stock Port, Buxton, Y rkshtre North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston. N. Lancashire. N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland. & Town Delivery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cu mbe rland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland !heater. Wre, ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsharn, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketla, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orford and II ulme Liverpool and Chester (4 rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Prest)n, West Cu' berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despech. All Parts London, Midlands. S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

540 cm, 6.30 a.m.

8-55 ctn.

9.30 a.m. 10.0 ,t.m.

11.10 cm.

11.,30 a.m.

11,30 a.m.

12 Nooa 1-53 a.m. 1-50 p.m.

140 pan. 2-15 p.m. 2-45 P.m,

3-15 v.ra 44) P. 4- . 4-30 p.m4o . Pin. 5'45 Pan:

615 Pan 10,30 p.m. 11.15 v.m.

10-45 a.m.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

_ 11Ean Orri PozyrmAsTr CE High-st., Newton Rours of ••• ••• •..• Mr. James jordan Atte { Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. The Sundays 7tolo a m. Boa closes at 5.40 pan TelenAph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. kotkePan•, an ion Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. pool: 011;der and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 08T. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 titzr7-Rl5 p•Ttl., and 8 p.m. R DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST 01' DESPAICIIES. 84°Wing thetime to which a letter can be posted with Ordi nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. MAILS.

.1;P:17G-a •rostag e.

extra . Stamp.

9-10

11-io ~

.tn.

2-20 p.m.

4-30 ~ 5-30 8-0 " S-40 ._

114CIVIICe ROUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS : ,

... 1111nErvinn RousE— :l litin•OpprcEs - s4,llton ;i Collins Green lifinlborno .; LoWtork Ilitubshass, Cross ''' Whowick ............... : kWargrave . •••• ....... siekro Ltwl3Loz—Newton.•• tiviotou Corn rn°" ~,e)1 (Rear the Racecou ItailwaY '

W EEK-D AYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUNDAYS 4-30 p.m

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 D 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. NIL Nil. .9-55 10-30

(4113' Statio 1 l'resZ,7to,l Bridge) , .9hureili? Junctlor. , 4,4,f16. st:e t.• Colborne-. ..• toz, on chaepti ~ Co °Tear Inlfl°11 .... Lowto ' 801,41ary. 8, Il St. i ,`- v._,•bo Ito _ ottJon) ucan vp. Ashton. 4 urt,(„l,.. xage , (Prov7rd -.._ enee Place)

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a rn. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

Nreelß town aarte,,despatched from the Receiving Office at Hart e roe u a.m. arm 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sa m as letters.

TOWN DELIVER ES AS POLL WS :-

1 To I By I Callers. I Postmen.

70 am. 10-30 „ 10.45 , ) 12-0

11-30 a.m

1245 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-1 S „ } 3-15 .

===== 0002601_18950720_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
3-15 in.

:ktenj

5-30 p.m.

9-15 „

6-45 a.m. /7-0 a.m. Next day.

111R1) ta„ft AND PROVAD Dro;,.erera from Gr ye!, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Ipdneys. Dositi et Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a it noje Cure in Golrryd's Gravel Pitts. Try a smallbox and of satisfied our money will be returned. Price's. lid:. Ohetnista, Or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYDS yoZleftl 1411, Chrckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put o I ff. f etn.",knvat not get them writs to the Proprietor and a box will be poet. Adm

===== 0002601_18950720_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Iln.-_

===== 0002601_18950720_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

Ditto.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LO-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18950720_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. NIL

===== 0002601_18950720_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON ELECTION.

RESULT OF THE POLL.

The election of a representative for Warrington in the House of Commons took place on Monday. The poll opened at eight o'clock in the morning and continued until eight o'clock in the evening. Dur- ing the day there was great excitement in the town, and probably at no previous election were so many party colours shown. Notwithstanding this free display of colour, there was very little display of ill-feeling, and both sides exhibited the greatest of good humour. During the day the two midi- dates frequently drove round the town, Mr. Scott being accompanied by Mr. Schwann, M.P , Mr. A. H. Crosfield, and Councillor William Pierpoint. Mr.R. Pierpoint was accompanied by Sir Gilbert Greenall and ;NIL John White. A large number of convey• ances were engaged, the Conservatives having the preponderance. At eight o'clock in the evening, a large crowd commenced to assemble in front of the Town Hall, and by the time the result was an- nounced from the balcony, there were many thou- sands present. To keep down any disorder which might occur during the day, a large body of county ' police had been drafted into the town, but their services were very little called for.

COII-NTING THE VOTES. After the close of the poll, the ballot boxes were conveyed to the Town Hall, where the votes were counted in the Council Chamber. A large number of counters had been engaged and the votes were counted with great despatch, the result being known by 9.25 p.m., a rapidity of counting which ' a highly creditable to the arrangements made by the TOWR Clerk. The result of the election was in doubt until about ten minutes before the end of the counting, and at one time it even appeared proba- ble that Mr. Scott would come out at the head of the poll. A good number of prominent townsmen were in the room during the counting, but neither of the candidates were present. The Mayor pre- sided, and he was assisted by the Town Clerk, and and Mr. J. L. Tunstall, F.C.A. At 925, the Town Clerk announced the result to be Pierpoint 4,001, and Scott 3,326. There were five papers un- accounted for, but neither party wished for a re- count. After the result was announced in the counting room, Mr. WILLIAM PIM:11'01NT, on behalf of the Liberals thanked the Mayor for the able manner in which the poll had been conducted. Their thanks were also due to the Town Clerk and the officials for the care which had been exercised in the election throughout the day, as well as for the kind manner in whi3h the Liberal party had been treated. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by proposing a vote of thanks to the Mayor. Mr. Joari WHITE, on behalf of the Conservatives, seconded the motion most cordially, and remarked that he agreed with all Mr. William Pierpoint had said He congratulated the Mayor and the Town Clerk upon the excellent arrangements they had made for taking the poll. (Hear, hear.) The motion was agreed to, and the Mayor then went to the steps in front of the Town Hall and , read out the result as follows:

Fierpoimt (C) 4OOl Scott(L) 3326

Conservative Majority 675 The result was received with loud cheers inter- mingled with groans, which were repeated again and again. After hearing the result, the crowd, which was an extremely large one, dispersed to the political clubs, and over the town generally and in some streets the excitement, which so tar as we have heard was always good-natured, did not sub- side till well into Tuesday morning. PREVIOUS ELECTIONS.

Warrington was formed into a Parliamentary borough in 1832, and since that time, there have 16 elections. The following are the results of the various elections :

--- - --___ 1832. E. G. Hornby (L) J. Ireland Blackburne (C) 176

Majority 1835.

J. I. Blackburne (C) - 148 C. Hindley (L)

Majority 1837

J. I. Blackburn° (C) 278 E. D. Davonport (L)

Majority 1841.

J. I. Blaekburne (C) - J. Kershaw (L) --

Majority Mr. Kershaw retired before the polling day, and Mr.Blaekburne was returned unopposed. 1847.

G. Greenall (C) _ 327 W. Al!card (L)

Majority 1852-57-59-65, Mr. Gilbert Greenall returned un- opposed. 1868.

P. Rylands (L) G. Greenall (C)

Majority 1874.

G. Greenell (C) P. Rylands (L) Majority 1880.

J. G. MaeMinnies (L) Sir G. Greenall (0)

Majority 1885.

Sir G. Greenall (C) W. Crosfield (L) 3234 -- Majority 1886. Sir G. Greenall (C) J. Crosfield (L)

Majority 1892. R. Pierpoint (C) Dr. Houston (L) 3259

Majority 1895.

R. Pierpoint (C) _ 4001 P. B. Scott (L)

Majority It will be noticed that Mr. :icott has polled a record for the Liberals in Warrington, and this is a wonderful achievement, considering that he had only practically been in the field from Monday to Saturday. 1-

===== 0002601_18950720_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLLING.

The poll was larger in the aggregate but not in pro- portion to last time. At the 1892 election 7,126 voted out of 7,906, leaving only 780 who did not go to the poll. On this occasion, 7,345 voted out of 8,449, leaving 1,104 who did not vote. This gives a percentage of about 86, while the usual percentage is over 90. Below we give a table showing the number of voters on the registers in each ward, the number that voted, the number that did not vote, and, for comparison, the number that did not vote in the same wards in 1892. There were no doubt a geod number of Liberals who refrained from voting owing to their not making an acquaintanceship with Mr. Scott. It is to be hoped that if such be the case, these Liberals will do their duty on the next occasion. Voters. Voted. Not Did not voted, vote in. 1892. 884 789 95 92 965 863 102 74 709 623 86 67 914 787 127 89 1,445 1,260 185 111

Town Hall VVhitecross Bewsey Orford

St. John's Fairfield

Howley

'778 '669 940 833 936 787 878 734

109 107 lo 144

St. Austin's Latchford

8,449 7,345 1,104

POLLING ARRANGEMENTS.

67 90 84 106

The Town Clerk on behalf of the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough), who acted as Returning Officer,made admirable arrangements for carrying out the election, and both parties expressed their entire satisfaction with them.

The number of voters in the Parliamentary Borough is 3,449. The number in 1892 was 7,906, so that there is an increase of 543. The town was divided into twelve -listricts, and the booths were situated in the following places: Town Hall ward : The Drill Shed.Bath- st., presiding officers, J. L. Tunstall, J. Longland ; poll clerks, W. Boyle, IL Denham.--Whitecross ward : St. Barnabas' schOol,Bostock-st., presiding officers, Herbert Woods, Thomas Tunstall ; Poll clerks, Sydney Wallhead, W. T. Flood.—Bewsey ward : 98, Iloyle-st., and St. Anne's schools, presiding officers, W. S. Howard, C. H. Unsworth ; poll clerks, T. H. Spinks, P. L. Speakman.— Orford ward : Silver-st. school and Orford school, pre- siding officers, W. H. J. Jenkins J. R. Williams. J. W. Whittle ; poll clerks, E. J. Smith, G. Grounds. H. Long- din.—St. John's ward : The Old Club-room, John-st.,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18950720_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA MI NEP, SATURDAY, JULY 20 1895.

presiding officers,T. Lvthgoe,F. R. Roberts, E. A. White; poll clerks, A. Clive, F. Timperley, R. Crompton.—Fair- field ward : Fairfi.ld school, presiding officers, Spencer Wallhead, James Bolton ; pall clerks, S. B. Chandley,R. Benry.—Howley ward : National school, Church-st., presiding officers, T. H. Grainger, W. D. Jeans ; poll clerks, P. VI hittle, J. W. Howarth.—St. Austin's ward : Caira-st. school, and St. Luke's shnol, presiding officers, W. J. Fnrshaw, S. Sutton ; poll clerks, T. Westbrook.T. Wood.—Latchford ward ; Sc. James's school, and Christ Church school, presiding officers, T. Cooper, Percy Davies ; poll clerks, Joel Smith, J. Sutcliffe.

After a song had been given by one of the audience, with allusions to Mr. Scott, - Mr. HENRY GREENALL, who was cheered, said his name bad been mentioned that evening. Ile wanted no thanks, and he agreed with them that they had gained all they wanted to gain ; at any rate they had shown the opposite side that they could beat whoever was brought against them. (Applause.) Alderman FeeNcome expressed himself much pleased with the result of the day's work. Mr. C. S. BURGESS saki he congratulated the audience upon the magnificent victory which had been achieved that day, and he rejoiced that he had been allowed to take ever so small a part in the contest. They looked to the Government to give them measures for the ameli- oration of all classes of the community ; they expected that laws would be passed which would be for the bone- fit of all. In conclusion,he wished Mr. Pierpoint health and strength to discharge the responsible duties which had been imposed upon him. Mr. J. GRACE said that the electors had that day proved themselves true to their Queen, their constitu- tion and to themselves. Mr. PIERPOINT was then carried shoulder high across the room and down the steps into the street. He was at once recognised by a large crowd who assembled in the street. and was loudly cheered. Great excitement pre- vailed, and it was with no little difficulty, owing to the alarming rush which took place to get into the Conser- vative Club, that be succeeded in making his way into the second class billi room, where he delivered another speech standing on one of the billiard tables. He thanked the workingmen of Warrington for what they had done for him, and said he regarded himself as the workingmen's representative. They had that day re- turned him by a large majority, and they were a fresh example of those which had already been shown throughout the country. Several speeches were delivered in the first class bil- liard room before Mr. Pierpoint arrived. Councillor Amami BENNETT observed that he was sure he only expressed the general sense of that crowded and enthusiastic meeting when he said how proud they were that they had succeeded once more in returning Mr. Pierpoint and by an increased majority. They had less fear than ever now of losing the election unless a stronger candidate was brought into the field. They must acknow- ledge that their opponent had fought a plucky battle. and had fought it well. (Applause.) Councillor sMETIIIIRST asked the audience to join in singing "God save the Queen." This was done, cheers being given for the successful candidate. When Mr. PIERPOINT entered the room he was loudly cheered. Mounting one of the billiard tables he delivered another speech. Ile said that years ago at a municipal election he thought it his duty as the then Chairman of the Conservative Association to address some hard words to the members of that body, but he was happy to say that since that time the work of the Conservative party had been completed. (Cheers.) To use a Lancashire phrase it had been " jannock." (Hear hear.) The electors had that day returned him te Parliament by a magnificent majority, and if he had done his duty dur- int_t the past three years, and had merited their thanks, he assured them that those thanks had been given most thoroughly and most heartily. He should never forget that night, nor should he ever forget the grand and great work which had been done for the cause which he had the honour to represent. He asked them, as he had done in the other room in the building, to use their influence at other elections which had not yet been decided, and to work for the Unionist candidates— (hear, hear)—so that they might make the tide which was flowing with them flow in greater volume. He hoped that other constituencies would emulate the noble example which had been set by Derby. (Applause.) Mr. Pierpoint then left the club, and was escorted home by a large crowd,several persons carrying torches. Great excitement prevailed,and it was some hours before it subsided and the streets resumed their usual appear- ance. -- CONGRATULATING THE CANDIDATES.

On Monday night, about an hour alter the declaration of the pall Mr. Scott received the following congrat- ulation on his plucky fight for Liberalism in Warrington "Hearty congratulations from the National Liberal Club on your splendid fight • regret result." The following courteous telegrams were also exchanged between Mr. Scott and Mr. Pierpoint on Tuesday : "To IL Pierpoint, St. Austin's. Warrington.—Not on political grounds, but on friendly, I ask you to accept my best congratulations on your victory yesterday. Kindest regards.—PERCIVAL B. SCOTT." To this message Mr. Pierpoint replied "To P. B. Scott, Manchester.—Very many thanks for your courteous and friendly massage. Of all con- gratulations none has given me such pleasure as yours. With kindest regards.—ROßEßT PIERPOINT." Mr. Pierpoint also received the following congratula- tion from Captain Middleton, chief agent of the Conser- vative party :—" Hearty congratulations on your victory ."

THE WARRINGTON TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION AND THE CANDIDATES. A number of members of the Warrington and District Teachers' Association waited on both Parliamentary candidates early on Monday, and requested their answers to the following questions : I. Are you iu favour of a State-aided superannuation scheme for elementary teachers ? H. Will you support a Bill to secure reasonable security of tenure, and to prevent the dismissal of a teacher save for a reasonable and assigned cause? 111. Are you in favour of an early raising of the present age for juvenile labour ? IV. Are you in favour of removing Article 73 from the Code ? It may be explained that the last question refers to certain disabilities under which non-collegiate certificated teachers labour. Replies in the affirmative to each question were returned by both Mr. Scott and Mr. Pierpoint.

MEETING OF IRISHMEN ALD CATHOLICS.

On Sunday afternoon, a crowded and enthusiastic meeting of Irishmen and Catholics was held in Ohmy's Circus, in support of Mr. Scott. All the local leaders of the Irish and Catholics were present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. T. Kiernan. The CHAIRMAN in his opening speech ridiculed the idea that it was necessary to be born in Warrington in order to boa member. He said that he did not think many there were born in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) That meeting was called to show that the Catholics and Irish people of Warrington were not going to follow the lead of Mr.Pierpoint. (Applause.) He had been speaking in Brick-st. that week, and since then his Tory friends had never left him alone, especially since they had read the report of his speech in the " Examiner " on Saturday. j At that meeting he had said that the word Tory meant a robber. Well, he had looked at the Imperial dictionary and found that he was quite correct. He would read them the meaning of the word Tory from the dictionary. Mr. Kiernan, amid much laughter read the meaning, and said that the Tories had found that their name was a bad name and had accordingly changed it and called themselves Conservatives, and now they were again changing their name to Liberal Unionists. (Applause.) He contended that the name Tory was very applicable to them in Warrington because they had been stealing from the circular sent round by the Catholic Bishops. He, however, appealed to his hearers to support the Liberal party. He denied that it was the duty of the Catholics to support the Tory party on the education question. He hoped that they would on Monday wrench the Warrington representation I rem the domination of the Tory party who had held it so long. (Applause.) Mr. Murmars then addressed the meeting. He appealed to his fellow countrymen to support the Liberal party who were pledged to Home Rule. He said that they could do much for their countrymen in Ireland,and hoped they would do their duty to them. Referring to the education question, he denied that the Catholics would serve their cause by voting for the Tory party. He would remind the Nonconformists that all the Catholics asked for was equality. (Applause.) He appealed to those present to support Mr. Scott on Monday.

Further addresses were given by Councillor Macabe and Mr. Farrally of Manchester, and Mr. J. C. Dalton, and a vote pledging the meeting to use every legitimate means to secure the return of Mr. Scott was passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE LIBERAL CLUB.

SPEECH BY MR. SCOTT.

After the declaration of the poll there was a rush to the Liberal Club, at which place a good number of people had waited for the result. An impromptu meeting was held in the billiard room, at which Councillor William Pierpoint presided. Mr. Scott on making his appearance in the room was received with loud cheers. Councillor WILLIAM PIERPOINT said that he was sorry that their friend, Mr. Scott, had been defeated in the cause of Liberalism. But if he had been defeated in that cause, he was not disgraced—(applause)—and they, as a party, had no very great reason to feel very despond- ent When they recollected that within a period of eight days, Mr. Scott was a perfect stranger to them, and also that they had had against them the Tory squires of the neighbourhood who had done all they could in vehicular and other little arrangements for the Tories, he must say. that Mr. Scott had made an admirable fight —(applause) —and he had every reason to feel proud and thankful to the Liberal workers for the efforts they bad put forth on his behalf. (Applause.) Their opponents had said that they would win by 2,000, but they had since drepped that to 1,000 and 750, but they were now mightily glad to win at all. (Applause.) He declared that Warrington under proper conditions was a thoroughly Liberal town. (Hear, hear.) They must recollect that the polls of Saturday must have had a depressing effect upon War- rington. Mr. Balfour had got at the head of the poll. If he had been ait the bottom, it would have made a difference to the polls all along the line. (Applause.) In cenclusion, he said that they had every reason to be proud of the efforts they had put forward that day, and they were doubly grateful to Mr. Scott. (Loud applause.) Mr. SCOTT, Wh4 was received with prolonged cheer- ing, said that he was proud of Warrington. (Applause.) They had polled nearly 100 over the last election in 1892, and although they had not reduced the maj )rity, still he claimed this as a victory. (Applause.) He was positive of one thing and that was that the verdict on the next occasion would be reversed. (Loud applause.) They had had much to battle with. They had had the church to fight, the brewers to fight, and what was worse, they had had the country's verdict to fight. (Hear, hear.) He would have been proud if Warrington had led the van to different results this week. He was only sorry that they had not had a stronger candidate to fight their battle. (Loud cries of "No, no.") He was not fishing for compliments, but he wanted to say this, that if they were satisfied with him he was ready to fight the battle again. (Loud and continued ap- plause.)Fle wanted to thank the chairman Mr. Pierpoint, the chairmen of the different wards, the secretaries, his election agent, Mr. Clayton, and all the willing workers who had assisted him that day. He also thanked the Mayor who was the returning officer, for the admirable arrangements he had made for the declaring of the poll. He was also proud of Warrington from another point.He was proud to think that there was a friendly feeling—he was going to say almost brotherly love—between him and his opponent, Mr. Pierpoint. He (Mr. Scott) hadthad a gentleman to fight. He had had an honest opponent, one against whom he had net a word to say. In con- clusion he was only sorry that they had not returned him (Mr. Scott) at the head of the poll, but he hoped to win, and he hoped it might be soon. (Loud applause.) Councillor Roamers said that amongst the leaders of the party, there were few who had advocated that the borough should be fought at this election. The result that day had, however, justified their action. (Loud ap- plause). It would have been a crying shame and dis- grace to the Liberal party, if they had allowed the Conservatives to walk over. (Ap- plause.) The result of that poll bad showed clearly to his mind, that with a candidate who was pre- pared to stand by the constituency in the Liberal inter- est, they were very soon bound to win. (Applause.) For their enceuragement,he would remind them of a circum- stance or two. They were defeated three years ago,and since that time nothing inthe way of organisation or ed- ucation had been done in this borough. He was not go- ing to say what the reason of that was, but speaking after 20 ears' electioneering,he was positive that if they had been able to do during the past three years what they ought to have done,they would have placed Mr. Scott at the head of the poll that day. (Applause.) Re never expected they would win that election,but he never said one word to discourage the workersin that direction. He was too old an electioneerer for that. He had never ex- pected in his own mind that they would have polled even as well as they had done. Let him remind them that it was only nine days since Mr. Scott came to that club without knowing a single soul. In spite of the voting, he would say that Me. elnott, was the most popular man in Warrington to-day. (Loud applause.) Their friends the ladies, and their children had also shown their enthusiasm, and that spol:e well for the future of Liberalism in Warrington. (Applause.) They had got now what they had not had ever since 1880. Fie had seen that day, men who had worked in that election and who had never worked since. He welcomed them back into the ranks of the Liberal party. (Applause.) Their opponents had not been able to pick a hole in the Liberal candidate. (Loud applause.) It was all very well to talk of gentle- manly behaviour on the other side. It could not be otherwise (Hear, hear.) He knew that they had sent their emissaries to Manchester a few days ago with the ehjent of finding out anything to the detriment of Mr. Scott, but they failed in their mission. (Loud applause.) They could not find a single point against him. (Ap- plause.) He came before them as a successful man and as a gentleman, and he (Mr. Roberts) was glad to guar- antee to him on behalf of the Liberals of Warrington, that if he would stick to them, they would stick to him. (Loud and continued applause.) That fight had been purely a scratch fight. They had only had eight days to canvass 8.400 people. He was pe•fectly amazed at the result. He had not the remotest idea that it would have come out nearly so well. It was as good as a win. (Applause.) There had been no faddists among them during that fight. All had sunk their fads and peculiarities upon any single subject. (Hear, hear.) He wished to thank especially - their Irish and Catholic friends. (Applause.) He would like to remind them that there were a great many not upon the register which ought to have been. They must know that it was a fact that the present register upon which the election had been fought was two years old. They should rectify that, and they were going to I make the registration work better than it had ever been be- fore. If they were to be successful, they would have to depend upon the help of those who knew the streets bet- ter than their agents could possibly know. He would urge them to take that defeat calmly. He was glad there had been no bad temper thus far, and they would have no bad temper, but would do all they possibly could to reverse the verdict of that day. It would not be long he believed before they had another opportunity. (Ap- Planso.) In the meantime their candidate would have gained upon the affections of the constituency,and when he came before them again to fight their battle, there would he a very different result. (Loud applause.) MT. T. KIERNAN then addressed the meeting. He ex- pressed the opinion that the Irishmen and Catholics of Warrington had done their duty, and he was sure it was no fault of theirs that the result had not been favourable to Mr. Scott. (Applause.) The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECHES AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB:

A rush was made to the Conservative Club, and the newly elected member was loudly cheered on making his appearance in the Assembly room. He thanked all his workers for what they had done that day. They had again conferred upon him the honour of representing his native town in the Commons of England. (Applause.) And his impression was that that commission would hold good for at least six years. (Applause.) He would like to say that he owed his very heartiest thanks to those who had worked so loyally for him and for the cause he represented. He was sure they would allow him to name two persons as representative men. He had to particularly thank his old friend Mr. Jchn White —(applause)—and his younger, but very old friend, Mr. Henry Greenall. (Renewed applause.) It would be in- vidious to mention other names but he felt his obliga- tion very much indeed, to them as well as to all who had assisted him in this election. He thanked most heartily the Chairmen of Committees, the captains and the can- vassers for what they had done for him during this short election, as well as for what they had done in times gone by. He desired to remind them that this election, of which he was personally very proud, because they had played this ro.me off their own bat—they had not had to introduce a stranger into the constituency. He desired to say in the presence of all, and in the pre- sence of the Unionists of Warrington,how very much he felt the courtesy which had been shown to him during the three years that were gone—not only by them but by his opponents. Thanks were due to their workers, for it was they who had won the victory. He was only the point of the needle ; they were the needle itself. He hoped the tide would continue to go with thern,as it had begun to go with them, and that thr Marquis of Salis- bury, Mr. Arthur Balfour, the Duke of Devonshire, and Mr..Toapph Chamberlain might find that their services to tte Unionist party were very mach appreciated—Cap. plause)—and that they would be put in a position of power from which the country expects much. And he was sure the country would be very little disappointed. He thanked them again for what they had done for him 1 that night, and he could especially remind them that they had elected one of their own sons.(Loud applause.) Mr.JonNWHITE,who was warmly cheered,said he spoke a few words of encouragement at their first meeting,and that night,the night of the election,he had to offer a few words of congratulation. He would add his personal thanks to all who had worked with Mr. Henry Greenall and himself so heartily and so truly.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF WORKINGMEN.

A mass meeting of workingmen was held in Ohmy's Circus, on Saturday afternoon to further the candidature of Mr. Scott. There was a. crowded attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. James Evans. There were also present, Mr. Scott, Rev. John Yonge, Messrs. A. H. Crosfield. T. Birchall, S.F., Joseph Leicester, Councillor William Pierpoint, Farnsworth, T. B. Malkin, W. Shaw, Wyllie, John S. Green, T. Wallington, Knockton. E. Wright, Adamson, P. Lane, J. H. Fleming, J.P., T. Kier- nan, J, Winstanley, W. Jones, J. Haley, &c. Mr. MALKIN, who occupied the chair at the commence- ment of the meeting, said that their opponents were getting a little wrong in their statements. A local em- ployer had been speaking on the subject of trade, and , had said that the trade of this country was being ruined by foreign competition. He however, forget to mention why this competition was so keen, and never alluded to the heavy royalties which had to be paid upon the iron and coal of this country. (Hear, hear.) If the royal- ties of this country were no heavier than they were in Belgium or Germany, England would not be so severely handicapped in her commerce. (Applause.) The House of Lords was composed of men who gained large for- tunes out of these royalties, and it WAS for the people of England to say whether those lords were to be their rulers. Let them say that they would no longer be ruled by these men who toiled not, neither did thee spin. (Applause.) During the course of his speech, Mr. Malkin gave some interesting details concerning the royalties of this country, compared with Belgium. Mr. FARNSWORTH thought that that meeting was a healthy sign f )r the state of politics in Warrington. They had had a magnificent meeting the previous evening,and that meeting also augured well for the .Liberal cause. (Applause.) Their candidate, Mr. Scott, had made a marked impression on the Warrington people,and he was sure that he would in the end win Warrington for Liberalism. (Applause.) Mr.Farn worth then proceeded to discuss the Liberal programme at length, which he did in a very lucid and convincing manner. Mr.EvAtis said that there was no possible doubt as to what was the Liberal programme, but he had looltEd in vain for the programme of the Tories. What had Mr. Pierpoint done in the past ? (Nothing) If he had done nothing, were they going to let him represent them again, and continue doing nothing ? (No, no.) Mr. Pierpoint had said that if returned he wauld vote for an Employers' Liability Bill. Well, why did he not vote for the last ? (Applause.) His (,Mr.Evans's) confidence in him had gone, because he had sold thorn once, and he would sell them again. (kpplause.) He hoped that they would support Mr. Scott, and do their utmost to put him at the head of the poll. Mr. SCOTT, who received quite an ovation,thanked the meeting for the reception they had given him. That was the last time they would hear him before the polling day. He had therefore felt that it was his duty to come and say a few words to them. (Appl4use.) There had been a poster put out by the Licensed Victualeers' Assoc- iation of Warrington on which was a certain number of questions which had been forwarded to both candidates on the Local Veto question. They gave the answers of Mr. Pierpoint, but thee said that they had not heard from Mr. Scott. He repudhted that entirely. He did no; write to them, but that was not out of discourtesy to them, but because he thought that if he made it public the previous evening, at the meeting, it would be more beneficial to them. The principles which he had put forth at Friday's meeting he would abide by. (Applause.) With regard to the Homo Rule Bill, he would reply in the words of the Leader of the House of Commons, if they wanted Home Rule, veto the power of the House of Lords. (Applause.) If they removed the rwer from the House of Lords, they would get Home .161 and all they required. (Applause.) If they weaned to strengthen that House they would return Mr. eierpoint. He hoped that they would consider the questions which had been put before them,and in the meantime he wnuld wish them au revoir, but not good-bye. (Loud applause.) Mr. JOSEPH LEICESTER afterwards made a vigorous and humorous speech in which he strongly criticised Mr. Pierpoint's address, and the meeting closed with a unan- imous vote of confidence in Mr. Scott.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT LIBERAL MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

ENTHUSIASTIC PROCEEDINGS.

On rriday night a great Liberal meeting was held in the Circus, Queen-street,in support of the candi- dature of Mr. Scott, the Liberal candidate. The large circus was packed in every part and large numbers could not gain admittance. The proceedings were of an intensely enthusiastic nature, and augured well for Liberal success on Monday. Mr. A. H. Crostield presided, and amongst those on the platform were : Mr. P. B. Scott, Rev. John Yonge, Councillors Pier- point, J.P., H. Roberts, J.P., G. Plumpton, Messrs. Joseph Leicester. C. Jackson Holmes, Z. Armitage, J.P., J. H. Fleming, J.P. E. J. Guest, J.P., T. Hirchall, J.P., J. Horton, J. Mounfield, W.-4. Allen, R. Storey, W. Brough, J. Summersgill, G. Clay, J. W. Hayward, J.P.,J.Gandy, J. Evans, S. B. Stringer, Farnsworth (National Reform Union), Skelland, J. C. Dalton, J. S. Gar- land, J. Harrison, W.Longshaw, A. Lang, D.Tinnion, P. T. Winskill, Wyllie, J. Longland, T. Kiernan, H. Thornton. Councillor ROBERTS being called upon by the Chair- man, said that although their venerable president, Mr. John Rylands, was not able to be with them that night, he would be there on Monday to vote for Mr Scott.—Loud applause.—He also had a tele- gram from Mr. Symonds who was so much engaged in the High Peak division of Derbyshire, which he was fighting on behalf of the Liberals, that he was unable to be presen that night. The CHAIRMAN, who was received with loud applause, said,there is a saying which our old friend Mr. MacMinniea was fond of quoting, that a Chairman's duty is to be seen and not heard. If, therefore, I cut my remarks as short as possible, and make them as general as possiole, it is not because I am afraid of a detailed discussion, or have sbirked that on other occasions. But time is precious and I shall, as soon as possible.call upon gentlemen much more competent than I am. to expound to you Liberal policy and principles. We do not ask you to support them in the abstract. We ask you to support them as applied and because of the way they are practically applied by the leaders of the late administration. Well might Mr. Asquith say he declined to go to the country with anything like an apology. Is not it significant that you have even Mr. Chamberlain's testimony as to the importance of the work the Government have done. It is true he is pitching into us now, but we can make allowance for that. If you have a poor case yourself, it is convenient to blame the other side, and some people are particularly energetic and assiduous in doing so. You know the tale of the Highlander who went to Lon- don and was met by two of his compatriots there. One of them expressed alarm at the very large and long and wide pair of trousers he was wearing. The other said, however," make Your mind easy, converts are always ent:inciastic " We have had an example of that at Latchford. Two of the chief points on which we are being attacked by converts and by others, are,of course, central planks in our platform. One is Home Rule, and the other Local Veto. Now do not be alarmed, gentle- men, I am not going to let you in for any labyrinthian discussion on either of them. I endorse,as we had good evidence, all those who were present endorsed heartily and absolutely, the eloquent reference to Irish Govern- ment which we had last Monday night from Mr. Drummond. He might have said, and I hone on other occasions we shall hear more from him on that subject. I see Mr. Pierpoint said the other day. that if we re- turned the Conservative Government, or returned him, I forget which, we shall hear no more of Home Rule. Well, I would rather not say anything discourteous, for we fully appreeiate the tone of Mr. Pierpoint's general remarks, and I entirely agree with him as to the man- ner and spirit in which the election ought to be and is be- ing fought. But I am hound to say that was a foolish and inaccurate remark. With increasing population and a complexity of modern business which is too great a burden for the shoulders of Parliament, and more than they can attend to, merely as a matter of convenionce that devolution of Irish business which we call Home Rule, a real measure of responsibility for the conduct of their owe affairs, is bound to come in the end. Mr. Pier- point slys also, we are endeavouring to conceal this. Not a bit of it. We have not the slightest reasen or wish to do so. For I submit that whether you regard it from the stand point of English or Irish, Scotch or Welsh in- terests of history expsrience with nationality ; whether you look at it from a local point of view or Imperial point of view,we have proved that it is as much a mat- ter of wisdom and policy as of plain and elementary justice. I should like to say a word on the Local Veto Bill,because political capital is made out of that against us. I looked with interest for Mr. Balfour's speech upon it. As an eminent,honourable,and conscientious States- man of great ability, I take him to be as good a critic and opponent of the matter as we can consult. With the greatest pert of Mr. Balfour's remarks on the agen- cies to which we most look for greater moderation in drinking in the fissure, so far as they go, I entirely agree. But how far did he go. The whole of his critic- ism was based on abolition. With that I have never professed to heirs sympathy. We know that as regards Warrington it is not a policy that is entertained. The question before us now, is, whether if a majority of our people wish to reduce the number of public-houses by one-fourth, they shall have the power to do so. The Liberal party has already professed to give the owners of tied houses three or five years' notice and a section of the party has also advocated compensation to the work- ing publican, which I think should be introduced and which, mind you, would be a vastly different thing to the monstrous scheme of compensation proposed by Mr. Goschen. Gentlemen, we know perfectly well that Warrington, like most other towns, would be all the better if public opinion were in favour of such a reduc- tion by which, of course, we should eliminate the worst class of Houses. Mr. Balfour also knows it, and un- popular as the Bill is said to be in some quarters, he dare not deny this. It Is easier to criticise than to act, and any Government that proposes definite legislation, and any Government that is leaving offiee is very pro- perly open to criticism. But I ask you when has there been a Government which, in the same space of time, has done more useful work. If we have here with us men cf advanced views who are dissatisfied with its re- cord, I would remind them that the power of Govern- ment as of individuals, is limited, It is no use to ex- expect impossibilities. I see Mr. Chamberlain said the other day " If you feel that during the last three years your trade has gone from bad to worse, if you know that confidence has been destroyed, that employment has diminished, that there has been no ameliora- tion n the condition of the masses of the people, then I say you will, sa sensible men, vote for my friend Mr. Stanley, and you will vote in condemnation of the policy which has pro- ' duced these results, and of the men who are responsible for them." We might as well blame Lord Salisbury for the beaming smash. Truly it is lamentable to hear such ' trash from a man of such great powers. If this is the effect of the cushioned ease he has secured within the sacred precints of the upper ten, I do no think we need envy him the social prestige he has asp' red to. This sort of talk always reminds me of a talc that will be familiar to you, but which, I think, bears repeating. The tale of the man who growled at a companion for swindling. The unfortunate individual remonstrated I with him and said it was not fair to blame him for what was his misfortune, .and not hie fault. "Misfortune, I said the other; it is not thee misfortune, it is thee bloomin ignorance as make thee sken." In conclusion, • one word, gentlemen, to those like myself of moderate

views. It is not reasonable to expect or require that we should all of us, on every question, think exactly alike. But I will just say this. We are not a party of social revolution. Our object is to make this more than ever unnecessary and impossible. We shall not pull down the fabric ,if society in order to rig up some brand new jerry-built tenement. Our business as I said this mern- ing, is to adapt our institutions to the growth of the country, so as to secure the greatest good of the greatest number, and we may well ask all those who value, as I value, individual liberty, and the great individualist fabric of society, whether you can have any sure foun- dation, whether you ought to have any other founda- tion for it. I hope we have most of us fully and finally made up our minds on that point,, and believe that the late Government was doing honest and noble work to- wards that end. If there be any here who are yet un- cenvinced I hope they will remain so no longer at the conclusion of our meeting, and I have therefore, with that object, great pleasure in 'calling I,upon.—Loud ap- plause.

Mr. Scorr, who had a splendid receptionvsaid that he had to thank them again for the grand reception they had given the party to which be belonged. He did not claim it as a personal matter but for the party whieh deserved it. He wished to refer to a point which his political friends had tried to make the most they could of. They said he was a carpet bagger. (Laughter.) Whatever else he wag, he was not a carpet bagger. (Loud applause.) If he was a carpet bagger what thee was the Right Hon. Arthur James Balfour. (Loud applause.) What was the Marquis of Lorne.—Hear, hear.—These were two gentlemen who he thought had the right to come to Manchester to contest the Manchester consti- tuencies just ae much as a Manchester man had the right to come and contest it himelf.—Applause.—He did not come there to ask them to have him, but he was asked to come by them.—A Voice : " Give 'em what MacMinnies gave them," and loud applause.—He had come there to fight, and what was more he had come to win—lend applause—and he had come to stay.—Loud applause.—lf they did him the honour of electing him as he believed they would do—a pplause,—if they returned him to Parliament next Monday—we will,—he hoped that as long as health was spared to him, to do such as would justify them supporting him for many years to come.—Loud applause.—Were they going to return him to Parliament—Yes, yes.—Then do him the best turn they could and support him next Monday—Loud applause.—During the course of his election campaign he had not said one word be could not honestly support, and being convinced he said that his age was not a drawback to him. (Loud applause.) With regard to Local Veto he denied that the Bill robbed the poor man of his beer. They could enjoy every license in Warrington if they wished. The Bill would simply Jo this, it would give the power to the ratepayers of saying whether they required one public-house or a dozen. (Hear, hear.) If he were re- turned to Parliament he should be in favour of a Local Veto Bill which shall have a clause inserted doing away with the tied house system. —Loud Applause.—A deputation had that day waited upon him from the Warrington wiredrawers, and they put a number of qnestions to him all of which he was able to answer in the affirma- tive. He was in favour of the proposal that in all great specification a clause should be inserted I requiring that in all great contracts wire of British manufacture shall be used.—Loud and con- tinued applause.—He was against the Government go- ing outside England to place its orders for wnat England needs, and any legislation which tried to give orders to firms not in England would have his most strenuous opposition.—Loud applause.—With regard to the House of Lords he was in favour of no half-hearted work. He did not want to sweep the peer's house away but he would sweep their power of I veto away.—Applause.—lf they returned a Liberal gentleman to power they might be sure that not one of the Bills which were passed in the last House of Com- mons and which would be passed again until they had dealt with this veto of the House of Lords.—Hear, hear. They were told that the House of Lords never stood in the way of the people, but they were a long time in making up their minds, and they, the Liberal party,were going to wait that time again.—Loud applause. Miss GARLAND, who was met with a moat enthusiastic reception, said they had a very great fight before them. They remembered that in 1892 they fought the election on the question of Home Rule for Ireland. (Applause.) This time the election depended on a greater issue, it was the question of the House of Lords. (Loud applause.) They knew that the people of Great Britain were supposed to govern themselves. They sang such songs as "Rule Brittania," "Britons 'never shall be slaves," when they knew perfectly well that they were absolutely the political slaves of the Lords. (Hear,hear.) There was spent something like a million of money at the last general election in order to obtain the feeling and wishes of the peeple of the country. Lard Salisbury appealed to the electors to settle the Irish question and they did settle it.—Cheers. —But what had we, after there had been spent eighty-five days—the greatest num• bet that was ever spent in the British House of Commons on any measure. When it went to the Upper House,Lord Salisbury settled Os question himself.—Hear, hear, and applause.

The Tlev. JOHN Yomok who was well received said that that was the largest political meeting that had been held in Warrington for the past 19 years.—Applause.— Although he knew perfectly well that meetings did not win elections, it was a matter of congratulation that on Friday night, which was voted as the worst possible for meetings, they had such a rnagnificnet gathering a that that night.—Applause.—

At tnis point, some noise was caused by persons throwing at the outside of the build- ing, whereupon Mr. Yonge exclaimed "It appears that the Conservatives of Warrington are already firing the salute of the coming Liberal victory.—Loud laughter and applause.—Continuing, he said he rose to move a resolution pledging the meeting to raise every legitimate means to secure Mr. Scott's return on Monday.—Applause.—He said that he believed that Mr. Scott was the man for Warrington. Much had been made of the fact that Mr. Scott was not Warrington born.—Laughter.—Well he himself had been groaning for 19 years under that terrible calamity—laughter.— but he did not think that that had added to his whitened hair, although it might be white from other causes.—Laughter.—He believed that a very large proportion of the people in Warring- ton were not Warrington born—Applause.— The clergy of the town were not Warrington born, and the Mayor, if he was informed aright, was not Warring- ton born.—Applause.—He hoped that this ridiculous I charge would not be heard again.—Applause.—Mr. Yonge then proceeded to deal with the House of Lords and in conclusion lie appealed to the Nonconformist body of the town. He asked those who had been estranged by Home Rule, were they going to vote for Government which was goin-r again.t all their rater eats in matters of education and religion 2—Applause.—How a Nonconformist could sunoort Toryism was a nut which he could ntst crack.—L pighter and applause.—To temperance men who were Tories, he would also appeal, for what would they get from the Tory party.—Hear, hear and applause. Mr. A. BIRCH seconded the resolution. He said that he was one of those who did not agree with Home Rule 'at the last election, but he was an out and out Liberal. and he did not go against the Liberals. He hoped that Mr. Scott would be returned on Monday. The Liberal Government had been the best for working men. What hal they done with the coal strike, the Leicester strike? Was that not to the advanta,fe of working men. The working men had now the p ever to say what should be done. This is a great responsibility and he hoped they would see that they were on the right side on Monday by returning Mr. Scott at the head the poll.—loud applause.—

Mr. PATRICK LANE supportel the reS ution. He said that ha was not born in Warrtn,gton, but he had a vote and he knew how to record tnat vote on Monday. (Ap- plause.) He had come there that night to call upon his countrymen to go and do their duty on Monday, be- cause thre was not an Irishmm, that was not blinded, who did not know that the Liberal party was the party for which it was his interest to vote. (Loud applause.) The Liberal Government had gone as far as they could go to ive Home Rule to Inland. They had ncw the House of Lords to tacklo, nd then Home Rule would be won. Let them rally round Mr. Scott, and don't tire the canvassers hut come themselves to the poll and come early.—Loud applauso.—Ele denied that the Catholics were at Mr. Pierpoint's back.—Loud ap- plause.

The resolution was then put to the meeting, and was carried unanimously amidst great enthusiasm. Mr. James Moon, Liberal candidate for the Newton Division, said that he had just come from a very enthus- iastic meeting at Newton, and judging from that magni- ficent meeting, he felt that the flowing tide was with the Liberal party.—Loud applause. Mr. Jossert LEICESTER, a native of Warrington, and formerly member for West Htm subsequently addressed the meeting ilan effective pp ,och whicit wa sthoroughly appreciated by the a triience.

COUNCILLOR W. PIERPOINT proposed a vote of thank to the chairman.

COUNCILLOR E. ROBERTS seconded the resolution, which was passed, unanimously and the meeting then terminated.

WHAT CAUSES PIMPLES? Clogging of the pores. The little plug in the centre of the pimple is called a blackhead, grub, or comedone. The only real preven- tive is CIITICURA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet,bath and nursery. It is the only preventive of pimples, blackheads, rough and oily skin, red, rough hands, with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes,because the only preventive of inflimmstion and clogging of the pores, the cause of minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hair. Stle greater than the combined sales of all other skin and complexion soaps.

The hearing of the divorce action Worrall v. Worrall and Jones was conclud,d on Wednesday before Mr. Justice Llwreace, the jury returning a verdict for the petitioner.

- I . EPPS 9 CoCOSINE.—Cocoa-Nib Extract (Tea-like).—The cloiccst roasted nibs (broken up beans) ,t the natural Cocoa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic p-essure, give forth their excess of oil, leav,ng for use a finely fl tvoured powder " Cocoaine," a product which when nrepa,ed with boiling water, kir, die consistence of Ws., of which it is now beneficially taking the place with many. Its aetive principle being a gentle nerve stim slant, supdlies the needed energy without undu:v excitin4 the system. loid only in pa,:kets and tins, by rirocer:, labelled" ILTI,!S Eppi and Co., Ltd., Homceopathin Ohomists, London." To be obtained in Warr- - ington of W. Bamfor I ; Richard-on & Sons ;Bowdon & Sons; N. B. Pe: ival ; T. W. Woods and others in every district.— Advt.

Braithunite's Retrospect of Medicioe says :—" Cadtmry's Cocos Is an Invaluable tviditton to onr dtetstla resource In the treatment o all digeOtve dlsorclers."—Advt.

0 0 QAPAT e K - 0 ,

"The most marvellous soap of the age for LaunAry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfect; rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. (lures Rheumatism. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Ag-nts in Warrin.tton, N.B. PHRCIVIL and Co, Sole 7i...toter, F. L. BA.RCRLT Keynsham, Bristo'."

===== 0002601_18950720_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WA It RINGTON.

PARGATE SCHOOL EXAMINATION REPORT. The report of her Majesty's Inspector of Selools has been received respecting the recent examina- tion of Padgate schools in secular knowledge. It is as follows :—" Mixed school : The children are in excellent ord-,r, bright and interested in their work, which they do very creclitably,with accuracy, intelligence and neatness, notwithstanding the re- cent outbreak of sickness among shem, and the consequent closing of the school for six weeks. The general condition of the school bars strong testi- mony to both sound and intelligent methods of in- struction and discipline. Infants' class : This class is sufficiently disciplined and successfully taught." The report is the hest the school has ever obtained. The full grant of 20.6.1. perhead has been given in all subjects. SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.--J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sankey-. Warrington.—Advt.

WRINGING MACHINES. GARLAND. Ironmonger Warrin g t on .

WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL LIMPERANCE MSSXOT HALL.

On Saturday night asocial meeting was held in the above hall, when several readings were much enjoyed. On Sunday night a Gospel Temperance meeting was held in the usual place at the end of Bewsey-st. Mr. John Drury presided. He said he had come to the meeting to speak a few words of cheer about the Temperance cause. It was a noble cause. They had tried both side; of the question, and they knew which was the hest side. There was no good in "boozing." Let them give up the drink and sign the temperance pledge. What would he , have done in his old days if he had kept on drink- ing? Why, he would have ended his days in the Workhouse as many othe:s have done. Mr. Thomas Harrison, of Oldham, also spoke. HoUSEITOLn i.twaTre. hemmed .nd marked free of charge. J. and W. Difin'oN, iankev-st.. Warrineton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ELECTION ACCIDENT. _ _

On Manday evening Alfred Fitton, 10 years of age, and living at 97, Catherine-st , was admitted into the Infirmary, suffering from a broken arm. It appears that the lad.with others,was starplinz near the Town Halhawaiting, the reeult of the poll,when he slipped over a stone and fell to the ground, re- ceiving the injury named. His friends picked him up and quickly took him to the institution for treat- ment.

SEWING MACHINES Hani £2 18s. 6. Tre,dle £4 4s. with hanisom • sv .Innt, over.—J and W. DUTTON. 16 ani 18. Warrington.—Advt. POW/WG RACE AT WARRINGTON. On Saturday a boar race to which much interest WAR attached took place on the river, the banks of which were lined with spectators. The race was from Mr. George Platt's boat house, Howley, round a buoy near the Top Cut Locks and hack again to the boathouse. The first heat was pulled for by E. Boscow and W. Whittle. v. T Bailey and E.Ravens- croft, resulting in a win for the former. Second heat: W. Chantler and W. Brimelow v. J. Barnes and D. Williams, the former pair again winning. The third heat was between C Spinks and J. Hard- ing and J. Langworth and F. Ikin. This was a very close race until the last 50 yards,when Langworth's oar slipped from the rowlorik. this I,ringing Spinka and Harding to the post first. Fourth heat: T. Fairhurst and J. Cant v. E. Hodgkinson and T. Brookes. The last named. pair won. The fifth heat was a " walk over" for J. Ditchfield and J. Williams. The semi-final and final races will take place on Saturday. The prizes, which consist of gold and silver medals, and which are on view at ltlesris. Leigh Bros, Buttermarket-street, are given by Mr. George Platt, proprietor of the boats. AMERICAN ROCKER CHAIRS, sale p,lee, 12s. 6d. BAMBOO TABLF.S. with two trays, sale price, 4s. Ild.—.J. and W. DUTTON Sankey t., Warrington.— 4 'rt. WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS AT BIaLEY. _ . _

The representatives of the Warrington Volunteers did some very grind shooting in the Queen's Prize at Bisley on Monday, considering the rough weather. The following were their total .cores for 200 and 500 yards:— Tunstall (Newton), 00; Dolan (Newton), 53; Bramhall (Warrington). 53; Pliwiton, 52 ;.Tolley, 43. Plinston, who had only scored 25 at the 200 range, was top score of the locals at 500, SEWIN4 MACHINES Rand £2 13s. 3d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 18 Sankey-et.. Warri n leen —Arlyt

===== 0002601_18950720_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
, LIVERPOOL COUNTY QUARTER SESSIONS. - - - - -

At these sessions, on Tuesday, the following loos' cases were dealt with :—Daniel Jones (37), collier. six months for haying, between the 11th and 12th May, at Newton, stolen a quantity of beef, ham,and tobacco, end also a shirt, belonging to William 11. Measures and James Jones. Patrick Biggins (19), collier, for haying, on the 22ra1 June, at Ifaydock, assaulted Frank Jackson, three months.

CYCLES,—GARLAND,SoIe Agent, Bridge-st., Warring.. ton.

BOWING CLUB PICNICS.

On Saturday afternoon, the members of the Choetham's Arms Bowling Club. Dunscar, near Bolton, numbering 46, had a picnic to the Horse Shoe Inn, Croft, where they arrived in waggonettes at 3.30 Shortly afterwards they commenced a bowl- ing match an the bowling green(whieh was in good condition) for four prizes. After a good contest .T. Brooks, sen., won the first prize, S. Holt the second, and W. Shepherd the third. The consolation prize was won by R. Brookes. At 530 the party sat down to an exeellent knife and fork tea served by Mr. and Mrs. Mains, the host and hostess. On the same afternoon (Saturday), the members of the bowling club held at the house of Mr. Holland, of the Gardeners' Arms Inn, Harpurhey. near Man- chester, had a picnic to the G-meral Elliot Hotel Croft, and had a bowling handicap on the bowling green, when the sum of £8 was given to be divided into five prizes. The number of competitors was. 35. After the third rGund, owing to therein, the handicap was postponed until Wednesday next, when the final heats will he played or a Cemetery Inn Green, Harpurhey. At two n'clo(dt the party partook of dinner, and a knife and fork tea at 4.313 p.m., latered for by Mr. Henry Walker, the pro- prietor of the hotel. The same afternoon the following picnic parties visited the hotel Alfred Hughes' employes, Salford, numbering 33 Mr. John Haves's employes, Lockstock Junction.. numbering 16; Mr. Barwy's Employes, of Fern- worth, nymbering 40; Mr. Melledey's employes, of Middle Hutton. numbering 33. THE UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER, LIM/TED.—.- TEE DIRECTOR'S REPORT.

The fifty-ninth annual general meeting of this Bank will be held on the 31st July. The directors in their report state that for the year ending 30th June, 1895, the profits for the rear, after deducting rebate of bills on hand, and making provision .for bad and doubtful debts,amount to £107,014 185.7 d.: brought forward from last profit and loss account £2,202 3s. 61. The expenses at head office and forty- nine branches and eub-branches, £45.487 Os. id.; amount written off bank premises and furniture, £2,500: a dividend for the half-year ending 31st December. 1894, of Ils, per share, free of income tax.X22,000 ; a dividend for the half-year ending 30th June. 1895,0 f 11s ner ehare,free of income tax £2o,ooo—leaving £17,290 25., from which have beeii carried to the reserve fund, £15,000 The balance carried forward to next profit and log.B acc,,t. is £2,290 2s. The reserve fund now stands at £185,000. During the year a branch has been opened in St. Mary's Gate,Manchester,called the Royal Exchange Branch. The directors who retire by rotation are Mr. Benjamin Heap. and ldr Arthur K Drson,who. are eligible, and offer themselves for re-election.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS. jewellery, watches, harrlwarek toys, cries, furniture. wringera. Agents wanted. Whole— sale book free,—HENRY MAY, (220), Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Oramtner " Otritt

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. 4 orning under the following beads ere inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ONE CIIARGE. as per scale given below. S/TUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WIA ED, APARTMENTSW ANTED, MONEY WANTED, PRCIFIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os fkl ... is sd ... 2, Od 27 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMEIVP Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2e. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Bornesfit itterbantEi, Srt.

rrEMPOR.A BE GAMMEN T. Seaside Useful Help' I. duties light, no saIary.—MELCYLETT ROUSE, Lytham Lancashire. _

WANTED. 50 SBRITANT-1, all classes from country; VV good wages.-62. OLDHAM STREET (over Butter sbop)

'WANTBD. a etrmn GENEIRAL, age about 17 years; references.—Mre. 8., 2,4, Ttruntranek-etreet, Orford- road. Manchester

ENID- AL SERvANT (good, strong). WANTED, able to .L.3r cook and wash, good character.—Apply Mrs. BRIDGE, Black Bear Bridge, Latchford.

WANTED at (-rice, good General SERVANT. Protestant: 18 to 20, for small family, good references required.— Apply 495. WitsT DERBY-ROAD, Toe Brook. Liverpool.

_— NI/ANTED. COOK-GENERAL, trust worthy, age not under V 20. Al.o young HOUSE NI D —Apply Mrs CEL&ND- LEY, Oakville. Grappenhall-rosd, Latchford, Warrington.

‘lf&Calif), R si.ect able MM., age st,out 15. for !clalldren, comfortable home Wages 2s. per week.—Apply by letter to MB.. 7, Pine-st., Myrtle-at , Liverpool. _

ISTABLISH }D4B Years.—WANTED, Plain Cooks,House- -1:4 maids, Nurses, Generals, disengaged th rough Cooks, WaitresB,Butlers, Hotel Servants.—Mrs. BRovnes REGISTRY, Chester.

-WANTED, for the Bth of August, a good Plain COOK- ORNERAL, able to wash ahcl iron, age about 24, also a Heusemaid-Waitress, age about 19, good references re- quired.—A ppl3 by letter, Niles. Seem, Shawlands, Rochdale.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES IN*-TITUTION, 7, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Estabi shed 1878.—For reliable tendants Mental. Medical and Monthly 2,l4rses, Massage, apply or telegr ph.—•• :Nurses," Liverpool. 3 elephone, 570.

36trprItsi ,bagssintugs, earrtages, CYC LISTS' STOCKINGS, Shirts. and Sweaters. Send for list —MIITTEENS, Rush& me-road, Manchester.

ANDAU TO BaoHLD UFIIAP. —Apply at Queen's Arms Hotel, Discard, Cheshire.

BhiLSIZ ricyele to be sold cheap; well stayed to carry 16 st. weight; in excellent condition; ball bearings throughout. inc'udinc ped,ds; 30m. wheels; lamp. cyclo- meter, dic.-31LITTLED•LE-hoscl. SeaCOmbe.

ClCLRS.—Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered. prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; C,shions, from 355.: and Pneumatics. from £4 10s. ; evceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Rothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices ; all kinds of machines wachanged.—eAßTlNGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47, Deansvate, IVF,nchester. and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, -1 iverpool.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! GREAT CLEARANCE. A small line of leading Coventry makes, fitted with all the latest patterns. PNEUMATIC TIRES at Buyers' own

prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret It for the rest of your thy.. SLADE, THE PIONEER. 73, BOLD-STREEr, LIVERPOOL.

W• P. & W• SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEYARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES.

- If you want a real good s.rviceable mount. buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd.. for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they a e light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for "West's" ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 281bs. weight. price £ll 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £1 ICs. All machifls guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle La.MPS from Is. 4d. each. „ BhLLS from 6d. each. „ MUD GUARDS from Is. 2d. each. „ SADDL RS from 4s. 3d. each, „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 41d. eacls. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workme W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEIMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"ATT feNTION 1"

ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A PAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD tr OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE.

You may buy t übbish at Rubbishy Prices, but as you can purchase aRU G from £lO Nett. surely it is worth your while to ignore th-• many ch •ap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Buy a ItUDGR or WHIT- WORTH, and save the endless sums f r repairs which the purchase of a Cye e (?i made of gaspipe and bedstead tubing always necessitates not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon the r der of a crack. Guarantees from many agents and makers are not worth the paper th.y are wri ten upon. 60 many people in the ycle 'Lade beiog here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guara tee of the La.HaLsr a OLDE3I CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD,

By Buying RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Cool Discounts for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. RUDG E-WHIT ETE, LIMITED. (budge Cyel, Co., Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIIOIIIIOhAM. Turning out Over One ¶1 housand Machines per Week. LIVEHPOOL Horns-101, BOLD-ST o EST.

YOU WOULDN'T HAVE THOUGHT IT. WOULD YOU? It is a simple matter to sell Cycles at 50 per cent, lower than any, no else in i iveroool when your Itent and other expenses are 50 per cent less.

Direst from our orks. no Agents profits.

As we do not touch" Easy payments," wo do not charge an additional percentag, on every Nla,hine sod to recoup us for losses sustained by mode of business.

We Guar Intee all Machines 12 months.

PNEUMATICS FROM £7 103. Od.

LADY'S SAFETIES FROM ..C8 lib. Od.

TANDEMS DUNLOP WELCH TYRES ..El7 179. 01 See our SPECIAL RAC lilt and 110/4.1) RACER built to order, any weight. most up to date Machine on the road.

£lO 10s. OD. To £l2 12s. OD RECORD CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO,

OLD POST OFFICE FLACK. CHURCH- STREET, LIVERPOOL

OOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS.

6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stook o select from. Estimate. for Repairs given free . The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus . Victoria*, WagOrettes and Phrtons. ,ow for Sale or Hire.

ALL ACCIDP,NTS, RAILWAY ACCIDEINTS, EMPLOYBRS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST' BY THE

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ---- ASSURANCE'CO. CAPITAL £1,000.000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3.480,000, 64, OORNIIILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary.

AGENTS "Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES. Market Gate „ Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street Rnutstord Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbech Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

S u- Al INSURANCE 170FICE, FOUND B

SUM INSURED IN 1894.-£393,622,400.

For all part I:Allan apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R.PtekTnere & Son, Bridge-st. 3.1 r. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. s.s.lloreemarket-atreet. Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. fl Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

------- 11DLACKPOOL.—Creseent BOARDING HOUSE, 19 and 20, 13 Lansdowne Crescent, C:aremont Park.

apartmtntsljurnisbai 31;loticSe4,Srt.

LLANDUDNO. Mrs. CoRBErr, The Towers. Trinity Square, excelient accommodation for visitors.

(\TEAR New North End Dooks.—CAFß and Confectioner. 111 A bargain if taken at once.--apply 93, DBRBY-BJAD.

DEST RECIPE (cheapest method) for boiliug hams for flavour mid freshness. Post tree Is.—PEARSoN,Coffee Tavern, Leek. VlSH.—'end P.O. 2s 6d., 35., 3s 6d., or ss. for Bass Fish cleaned, carriage paid.— Jso. ROBINSON, JoNtost, Fish Docks, Urimsby.

d ENUINIiI RECill'ii for Making Wax Flowers for 2s I.X postal order (not stamps). —L. Hara., Baiderton Newark, Notts.

FOB SALE, 5 HOC/3118,Fr ances-terrace,Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, So!ititor, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
1/ottis, 33oatbing Cotabg.

AMSEY, ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BOA RD J.A., I G ESTABLISHMENT, facing sea; near pier; tennis courts. golf, &c. Table d' Hote 7. Tariff.

MORECAMBE. —Cheerful and light; home comforts, with or without board; moderate tharges.—lldrs. COULDWFLL, 2, Parliament-street, West End.

COLWYN BAY.—P,easant and comfortable APAILT- MENTS.—M ISS DAVIFS, Idethven, Rawarden-roa4.

MISS PLIMMER, Rydal House. 18. Great Marton-road, Blackpool. near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

COLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

OUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMBNTS at 58, East kJ Bank-st., terms moderate. Piano, three minutes from Chapel-st. ztation.

I3LACKPOL.-APARTMENIS, P.,blic or Private; close O sea. station ; well recommended.; pIano.—ATKINSON, 16. Springfield-road.

LACRPOOL —Mrs. BRIGHT BRIGGS and MiBB ILAR- WOOD(from iD +rvi.n), 49, Yorkshire-street. near the Central Pier. Public and Private Apartments.

DLACKPOOL. North.—Firet-alass Apartments and Fur- nished Rooms; minute from sea.—Mrs. THRUSTLE. Mendelessohn lioute, 4, Braithwaite-street.

nOUNTRY LODGINGS. quarter of a mile from Glenmaye A...i Waterf4ll.—Address, liner•uu BAILEY, Gordun House Peel, Isle of Man, Terms Moderate.

rtOUGLA.S.—MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trams pass.—Terms Full board, ss. per day; Tea, Bed and Breakfast, 3s. Sd.; Beds 23. per night.

Eibv&tork, Szr.

THOMAS HAMER.

AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN.

ROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

.

1O DR SOLD, cheap, small Milk Ploat, two hawker's A. carts; hay cutter; good lathe.—Comouss AND SON, kuneoru.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS BLAiR'S GOUT PILLS. Pot RIIRUNIATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS, GOUT. LUMBAGO. and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute lain quickly relieve .1 BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS, by these Pills. Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. pct. Box

===== 0002601_18950720_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteti.

liaisteUantous.

CINDBRS may be had at the Examiner Office, Warrington. dd. per load given for carting.

(2.00 D HARNINiIS AT HOMH, by the Harrison Knitting Machines.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Manchester.

TnE EXAMINEE, SATURDAY JULY 20, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, Stfferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton, Chorley.

A CißbiTS WANTED for Jewellery, Cutlery, Sm.—Address ..tA. C. H. PARKER, Tindal-st., Halsall Heath, Birming- ham.

lONFECTIONARY.—WANTED immeliatiately, two APPRENTICHS.—AppIy Miss Lomax (late Slater), 3, Lune-street. Preston.

WANTED HOUSE RENTS,and ACCOUNTS to Collect.— J. WADSWORTH, Agent, 125 Mersey-street, Warring- ton.

WAR MEDALS WANTED, dated 1843 or earlier, sovereign each given, more for rarer varieties.—Marois TOMBEI, Droltwick.

A PriiiiiiTlCH WANTBD, indoor, to the Grocery Provi- LI Zion, and Corn Trade; premium required.—W. LEDS- HAM, Grocer. ke., Whitehurch, Balop.

I OBACCONISTS commencing, Ill'd, Gold (259 pages) 1 3d.—TonaccomaTa' Co., 186, Buston-rosd, London. Shoo-fitters for ad trades.— Manager, My. MYERS, Est. 1866;

LIANITARY Inspectors. - Pupils Prepare 4 for Exam., KJ December. Manchester; increasing vacanoies.—A. LEONARD, 5, All Saints-A., Bolton.

Eo be Let.

LRT.—Good WORKSHOP. Orford-Bt.—Apply ASHTO .1 and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-M, Warrington T°

LET. —Good HOUSE. 37, Hopwood-street, 3 bedoooms Apply ASHTON and WOODS, solicitor, Horsemarket-st. Warrlnkton.

A HOUSE to BE LET. Leigh Villas, Knutsford-coad, 13. Grappenhall. four bedrooms, rent £l7.—Apply JAMES B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

TO BE LET, 41, Green-lane, large double-fronted SHOP with Showroom, suitable for any trade; good house part.—Apply 495, WEST DERB,Y-ROAD, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DARVEL BAY TOBACCO.

Cigaot oXido fro, th;s New growth excel hi Burning Qualit.a and Flavour. i'h'Y are better value Omit hosarta or Mexican. ant .t ilk a P'° ion to orf.tr thous at the exceedinzly low price oi 111.. put. 100 or sampleS Csti be bad at 5 for is. THE SMOKERIES.

58, ItORSTMARKRT-ST., AND YE OLD FOX INN, BUITHRUARKET-STIIEET, WARRINGTON. J. BBSWICK, Proprietor.

H. WORSLHY, solo proprietor, The Pantheon; . Uaythorn, Manchester, Mee to Central Station, Established 1841. AU City-toad cars pass the door. Id. in or out. Inspection forited.

ON 4 SON.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOE BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They unlash, rem.ve the Irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of ail impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, hijuriourdy affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes af so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Oalte; bp a urtton.

BY MESSRS. WILLIAM

===== 0002601_18950720_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. . . _ _

Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, lel-lid. Zd-is-:-.9d. or mailed Free on r.,colpt ot remittance by IlilofiGlllAtDE 72, GObWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. EA DE'S AN'TI BILIOUS PILLS MONON'S NURSERY. BOON

(Unequalled for PESTROYING NITS, and PARAS in thi HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. .N.l 0X 0 N, 26.2, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. nd. and is. per lox. Post Free 7i and Is. Please intainn this naper Comprises all Son ps in one. for LAUNDRY, DATH,TOILE FL( A', 6, disinf,els rapidly. non,injurions. Washes with nut rubbing or tabour, Cures .Itheurnatism. Refreshes thr skin Wholesale Agents in Watri»gton, 11. R. PERCIVAL & C 43 Sole Maker, F. L. BARI ELT, Keynsbam, Bristol.

iNtitbfntro, at., on Aga.

DANIMPT STOCK. Thrashing Machine and Slevatos,::: Olayton. Two Ttaction-engines. What offers.--40 BRET* Bingham, Notts.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ornse_s,T. Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester,ll7 the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY,I:V., TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supoll INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeringa promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns cation.—Telephone 229.

PATENT OFF lON. PdANCERST ESTABLISHED IN 1835. ton 4a, Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hal more t years' personal experience In connection with ment, and this Estinto"", possess practical knowledge of the•ootton, wvu and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," P,r1136d„ Is. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, r•-43,em.5.A., GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.I•P' -- 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE,

BELL'S ASBESTOS wAREHou6B .

===== 0002601_18950720_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
gondo

THE election of i e Pre - The Warrington Election, has fully verified t - week, diction we made lest th when at we said • that it would iber Y ' ' ton. Mr. min_js still a great force in ‘' tile Mr. SCOTT has not won the seat Or the partynma majority cast he so ably championed, ba!, the Tories cast against him was far below wilaliceil confidently anticipated, and w 35 Terfjs wmeurchesless than the figures which rnanY 1)1,-.3ate had, willing to concede. The Liberal Can& lob enthusiasm apart from his own abilities and the uhee, to support, of the Liberals who at once ralliebajo his_n practically everything, agsinst 100 a coOP io I the first place, he was stranger to the constituency e till With,,d, eight or nine days of the election, bad ~. that in itself was a very serious draW in the ease of a candid ite who possessed tractive qualities as Mr. SCOTT soon began ta play. A few days more—to say nothing of weeks—of the singularly effective work vhicll i, crowded into last week by Mr. SooTT anad‘ Inhaisto7; porters would, it is certain, have made difference in the figures of the poll. In the seccf).o place the opponents of all that the Liberal eaabre represents at the present time, were never ni°B), united and strenuous than at this election. 1;0 seemed bent upon inflicting a crashing an P,,d they openly expressed it, a final defeat 11P0—a Liberalism in Warrington. Tao church pirbY 'l' od the liquor party were never more harmonious:ei, si' concentrated in their efforts to secure 1' J.O ; respective but surely very divergent fatere and in addition to this the Tories had all the 5'15 Sonl° I°e,t, port which could be given them by Liberal Unionists and by some others who, th 011,,, at one time Liberals, have been left Impelesa _j_ A third behind by the progressive party. bacir was the result of Saturday's elections. It:ru, Liberal reverses which were an nounod on riy day night and Nionday morning, and ParbicT3Sir the unexpected and disastrous defeat o.`„d A WILLIAM HARCOURT at Darby, had lindoubton'; 0 depressing effect upon Liberals in W"arringtaa wa in all other parts of the 'Ayi:dry. It is ivel-kl3Geote and generally admitted that announcealcor of this kind, while inciting the vinced and courageous class of Pali

80% opett

alieh be 4, For' Libt

19tei, tE t'tett, t°Pl)q

4ti kt, s Adik,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
TilE EX A M N SATURDAY, Juts 20, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950720_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHWICH DIVISION ELECTION. ENTHUSIASTIC- MEETINGS.

llv renewed efforts to stem the tide of defeat, on the whole tells against the party which appears to .10 en the down grade. In spite, however, of all these adverse influences the majority cast against the Liberals was only ninety votes mere than ilk 1892, and Mr. SCOTT has actually poll:ad more votes than have been recorded for any previous Liberal candidate in Warrington. It is evident trent this that Warrington has really been very little affected by the Tory reaction which has ap- Pareutly set in so strongly in other parts of the ‘lllritri• There are, in fact, few if any Lance- constituencies in which Toryism shows selie little advance and in which Liberalism has • Id its ground so well at this general election as I:l_,WalTington. ' When all the circumstances are 'en into account the Liberals of Warrington ZY fairly he congratulated upon the result of ,e eentest. So far from Liberalism having been 'illPerl out in the town it has been clearly domon ltraciltiaerd,;that ithas a strong and sturdy growth,par- iaroongst what may be called the "rank ,1414 file " of the electors,for if ever there was,so far lathe Liberals are concerned,esoldiers' battle" in tlitics that of Monday was one. Mr. SCOTT in °lle Week's campaign gained the ear and won wefavour of the working classes to a remarkable .totant) and as he has expressed his willingness to thtithlue his candidature for the constituency 1,76 iS a bright prospect of Warrington being 11 for Liberalism at the next election.

G Tun results of the General metal Eieetion. Election up to the time of writ- Lib ing have been about as bad for the 11, era, Party as it was possible for them to be.l a losses in the borough constituencies have been a remar t kably sweeping character, and seem o BPrung from various causes. It is taken for o'-a4ted that at Darby where Sir WILLIAM HIE- j."SXT and ffis fellow Liberal, Sir T. Roz, hada tit,s Majority transformed into a large minority btVetoeßanilBle, Irlth of the Liberal collapse is the Local which, of course, Sir WILLIAM has ti:44verY prominently connected. This explana- )3o th doubt, to ala extent a correct one, en 1, large something must be allowed for the Tory I,4;tiou which seems to be confined to no particu- ti; di2trict, The inference which is drawn from wielii)erhY election, namely, that the Liberal party Oow abandon temperance reform, may, how- 'at °nee be rejected. Temperance reform Nur/ an essential part of the Liberal and it will not be abandoned because election has gone against it. It has 11 the adv N fate of almost all reforms to , Ze—e'Y affect in the first instance the politi-1 Party Which has espoused them, but in the til(1 they win the approval of the country. That 14eal Veto 13,11 may in the future be altered of its clauses is likely enough, but we are Pusecl to think that it has suffered mainly from gr°ss misrepresentations of which it has been —Meet. That the broad plank of temperance refo„._ 10,, '1; Whether by local option or in some other th`m, will be part of the Liberal platform after taiecse elections just as much as befere may be tf ea for granted. There is a crying need for a the.:frM of the liquor traffic in this country, and la in itself a sufficient mandate for the to-eral party as the party of progress undertake the work of reform, no matter how Pow the_erfal the interests that will be arrayed against °. rui conaequence. But it is quite evident that P-a, .1 veto is not the only cause of the reverses 'trUch have been inflicted upon the Liberal party tiarki„nug the last seven or eight days. Sir WILLIAM eCounr, Mr. CAINE and other pronounced ref ct__ ca m r.ers of the liquor trade are not the only ,"(bdates who have have come badly out of the th—titesta• The divisions in what may be termed oeLPPgiessive ranks have re-appeared on this th'°ll with even more disastrous consequences 1411° in the 1892 elections. Qnite a number ttrt'iheral members—including Mr. JouN Mon- lost their seats through the run- 141,rms °f Independent ::,Labour candidates sylit'ureugh the abstentioa of voters who were in rcietif.athy with independent labour tactics. The haa been bad both for Liberals and for the iat:Pendent Labour Party. The latter party, it teilaelleb' hail not much to lose in a Parliamentary .44 What little it had to lose it has lost, as lan liaanis its orly representative in the Itorit.'"lrliaulent has been discarded by the tleetAinalen of West Ham and no one has been th,:et," t° take his place. The total result will be, totairore, ,inless the remaining elections are of a 81re different nature fr,un those which have re:tY taken place, to give the party of hlcall a practically uncontrolled possession of tiO4;e,w Parliament. This outcome of tho elec- kieo4l,lB mlo which, we believe, the century will evetit'ave reason to regret, and there is at all refleetB;B°me consolation to be derived from the .°ll that it will probably lead before long to he a,,,;Ny'llsion of feeling that the Liberals will Fot'atM returned with a substantial majority. tih,t hat swing of the political pendulum the al "rLY must now work and wait.

Norf,hw. THERE are two n. in Nllite°. an° • local county divisions li,eek, which will be settled next tf ; arid u large which a e amount the eltetr:4terest is centred. On Wednesday have an tpk—H.rB of the Northwich II division will , the '"enity of sayino• whether they will retainjT Illttrzlell•ices of their old member, Sir J. tat), ''‘k 144, or accept the aspirant to Parliamen- llist,•44l°llrB who was brought forward at tihae. tIT • I)4ra. en )3! the ones. It would be a d til"elent of the Northwich electors to suppose a I°llieh they can have any doubt to Steh4e4tth cl the two candidates will best • kl he elr interests. Sir J. T. BRUNNER lilie o hef,ll 4 model repl-esentative. He has been htetil:' itl rePresenting the interests of the cono- liNit-SeV in Parliament, and there have be n been 14e:v• t° his generosity in helping forward all lo„ii, -leg causes in the district. It is, therefore, itß,tilltligil certain that Sir J. T. BRUNNER: will be 4410n 4411 reed. The point that is most discussed Nli-atlt those who know the constituency is the ek4eextent of the majority,and it is generally tilliel.te,„(l that it will be a largo one. At the same in th 78 is Out the occasionfor Liberals to indulge hiki„e 4,4 Y of over- confidence. In order to get a m i heeezi''aJerity, or indeed any kind of majority, it s 1'bk,r,431.1•Y for every Liberal to do his duty by ethe 'lng his vote for Sir J. T. BRUNNER.. The t h(livisi°ll to wnich we allude is that of •°wieci which Mr. Jamas Moos is endeavouring IlPhil, 'et' tile Liberals. Mr. Moog undertook an clivia: 6ght When he consented to contest this liefitiin' hilt 14e has prosecuted his task with at ,Pp leg vigour and conspicuo ability. So fa qstlee'll',lne us es go, there is an excellent prospect :tese, but it is scarcely necessary to say that the, ~I. "N Will require the vote of;every Liberal in "eWton division on Monday.

A densely crowded meeting in upport of the candidature of Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., was held in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Monday evening. Prior to the commencement of the meeting the audience whiled away the time in singing popular Liberal songs. The chair was occupied by Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P.,C.C.,and he was supported on the platform by Sir John and Lady Brunner, Dr. Bowman, Revs. T. Braman and J. Stafford, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P.,C.C., T. Handley, J.P., T. Rigby, J.P., A. R. Norman, J. R. Frith, Jos. Bridgewater, ft. W. Pierpoint, M. L. Davies, D. Bisbrown, William Handley, W. 11. Chadwick, E. Gatley,R. Posnett, G. Bellamy, J. L. Frith, and others. On Sir John and Lady Brunner entering the hall, a scene Of unbounded enthusiasm ensued. The CHLIRMAN said it was now over three years since they had the pleasure, as he had, of voting for their member of Parliament, Sir John Brunner. And now the time had come, through Ile fault of their own, for them to have another opportunity of voting for him, an opportunity which be hoped they would all embrace. , (Applause). They all knew that for the last ten years,' since 1885 to 1895, with the exception of one year, Sir John Brunner had faithfully represented them in Parliament. The last three years of Sir John Stunner's life had been years of very great trial, and that trial had been made in the interests of his cluiltry, in their interests, and in the interests of the division, and he was sure that the electors would again return Sir John Brunner at the head of the pull.—Applause.— He—the chairman—had stated at Northwich that he trusted the present contest would be free from person- alities.—Applause.—He was sure there was sufficient in Imperial politics for Sir John Brunner and everybody in the division to talk about in a good tempered way without indulging in personalities. If they stuck to those high Liberal principles which their member had so worthily represented,he felt sure they would succeed, and would b. able to shake hands with their opponents at the close of the contest. He felt sure they would keep harmony, which was most important to enaure success. He advised them to let no one draw a red herring across their path. Their machinery in the division was well-oiled, and it would work well to the end. In conclusion he referred to the Parish Councils Bill passed by the late Government, which, he said,was a great measure of social reform.—Applause.— Mr. A. R. Norman moved the following resolution : " That this meeting heartily approves of thh candida- ture of Sir John Brunner, for Northwich division, and pledges itself to use every legitimate effort to secure his return." He said he had supported similar resolutions, but he candidly confessed that he never so heartily sup- ported it than he did that night. Referring to the defeat of Sir William Harcourt, he said he was very much mis- taken if the Liberals of the country, instead of allowing it to depress them did not throw themselves more heartily into the contest. Sir William Harcourt had fallen a victim to local veto. There were many misre- presentations made about the Bill. The opposite party told them that it meant the taking away of the poor man's beee. But it was simply propose I to transfer the power which the magistrates had to the hands of the public. That surely was a righteous measure, and he believed that a great many of the magistrates would be glad to be rid of the responsibility of granting licenses. Be admired Sir William Harcourt for the way he had stuck to that measure. He had done so, knowing that he had some of the largest interest in drink in his own constituency. But they must remem- ber that they could not get everything at once. They would have to he fought for again and again and if they were right and just they must obtain them in the end. Alluding to the work of the late Government he said they had stuck to their guns and had done their very utmost to carry out the pledges they gave to the coun- try. He was glad that the question of the Meuse of Lords was tieing brought to the front That question would have to be dealt with very strictly and very quickly. He had the deepest sympathy for a man like Lard Rosebery who had to spend his time in the House of Lords when he knew perfectly well that he might RS well whistle to the wind as speak to the lords. The speaker then referred to the great Budget Bill of 1894. which he said was a beneficent act. Speaking about the trade of the country he said it Was the greatest fal- lacy to talk about it being good when the Tories were in power, and bad when the Liberals were. He did not think Parliament affected the trade of the country. If there is anything in it at all he should say that the Liberals had it because they tried to mind their own business ; tried to meet the wants of the people ; and by preserving peace, by acting on laws of righteousness, laws of right and not might, which tended to increase trade if anything did. He thought they all knew the reason of had trade better than that. One of the chief reasons was the opposition we received in foreign coun- tries. both in Germany and America. Be could also point out that while they had had trade very had in this country it had been worse in the coloniee. They must remember that trade had been bad all the world over, and as we were the great producingcoontry of the world we had suffered in consequence. In conclusion,he urged the electors to put Sir John Brunner at the head of the poll. (Applause.) Mr. Gatley in seconding the resolution said Sir John Brunner was the best man they could have to represent that division. He (Mr. Gatley) had always found him approachable when matters concerning the working classes had to he laid before them. He might say that in the House of Commons and cut of it, the watermen which he (the speaker) represented, and the working- men in general,the trades' unionists, whom he was proud to represent, had a greet deal to thank Sir John Brunner for. They had to thank him that the watermen were able to voice their grievances on the Royal Commission of Labour. (Anplause). He might also say that Sir John Brunner had given him a pledge that he was pre- pared to stand by the Employers' Liability Act without contracting out. (Loud applause.) Why did they not want contracting out? Let him give them two facts. A short time ago a man got killed ih Liverpool. He Was employed by a railway company who enforced him to , contract out. He left a wife and nine children and they were compensated to the extent of £BO. Very shortly afterwards another man employed as a carter Was killed, and he had not contracted out of the Employers' Liability Act. The society of which he was a member took up the case, and they succeeded in getting £750 as compensation. (Applause.) He thought that was quite sufficient to educate working- ' men to the fact that they must stand by the Employers' ILiability Act as a whole, and not in the cnetracting out clause. He knew that Sir John Brunner had the cause of the workingmen at heart. He was not within giving them 'a Pledge as !to what he was prepared to do in the future. He (Mr. Gatley) laid before him a programme as laid down at a conference of the branches at Manchester on the 11th inst., and be was proud to be able to inform his fellow trades' unionists that Sir John Brunner was pre- pared to stand by it with the exceptic n of three matters, and he (Mr. Gatley) could tell them that he was not pre- pared to stand by those three himself. (Laughter and applause.) He liked justice, and he thought the work- ingman should obtain the just reward of his labour. (Applause.) In Sir John, they had a man that. would not countenance tyranny and oppression. He saw. that on the other platform there was arrainged against them some of the greatest oppressors that had been in his (Mr. Gatlev's) time. He was proud of the fact that he and his fellow men would have an opportunity of having a fair and square fight with them. (Applause). They, the workmen, must consider their own interest. They had proved Sir John Brunner, and he was thoroughly satisfied that they could not have a better member. He therefore appealed to all trades' unionists to stand by , him and to do what they could to return him to Parlia- ment. (Applause.) Dr. Bowman supported the resolution, and in doing so he spoke of the measures which had been passed by the late Government. He referred to the passing of the Parish Councils Act ; the Savings' Bank Extension Act ; the Railway Servants' Hours of Labour Act Equalisa- tion of Rates Act : and the Factory Acts. These had all passed the House of Lords and were now in working operation. Now let them look at what had been passed through the Commons, but not by the Lords. There was the Home Rule for Ireland Bill—(applatise)—which they rejected. He thought it would be a disadvantage to be without a second chamber, hut he did think that the prerogative of that house ought to be curtailed so that when the Commons had given its voice on a measure that house should not have the power to say nay to it. (Loud applause.) He also alluded to the Employers' Liability Bill, and the Municipal Franchise Bill, which the Lords had destroyed. Reference was also made to the Welsh Disestablishment Bill and the Local Veto Bill. In conclusion he asked them to support the candidature of Sir John Brunner. (Applause.) Sir John Brunner who was loudly applauded, said the times he had stood before them as their candidate appealing for their favours were now becoming many in number. Happily, there were other times when he had been able to appear before them as their member, when there was no occasion for strife amongst them. Ile trusted that they would not send him away downhearted. (Applause.) Ile could tell them that the constituency was very near to his heart and which was not big enough to hold another constituency. (Cheers and laughter.) Ile had first to allu3e to a Inc•al matter which was of m'eat interest to them, not only now, hut in the future. He meant the openine of the Technical Institute, which was now almost ready for occupation. The opening ceremony was fixed for the 17th inst., but he found that the date would come in the middle of a both; contested election. He had asked the District Council and the Technical lestruction Committee to postpone it, and sweeested that the 31st lane would be convenient, see- ing that the strife would he at an end, and he hoped peace would reign in Runcorn. He understood on that date there was to he a tete at Weston, connected with the Church, and that their Vicar was engaged to he present. The opening of the j'echninal Institute, with- out Canon Wood would be the play of " Hamlet" with- out the Kingiof Denmark hip. Canon Wood had proved

===== 0002601_18950720_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JULY 20 1895

himself a friend of education, and he determintd that the opening should not be on that date. He had had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Wiswall, Mr. Gatley, Mr. Imison and Mr. Speekman, and they decided that as soon as he got back to London—having to be there on the 12th August, when the House met again—(cheer)—he would not say that the happy little meeting in the Town Hall was entirely unanimous,because it was not a public meeting ; but it was finally settled that he should have the choice of the 31st August, or the 7th or 14th of Sep- tember, to open the Institute, and he hoped then to take part in the ceremony which would be the inauguration of a very long reign of beneficial matters for those of the present -day and for those who should come after them. (Applause.) In all local matters there should be unity, and they had very marked unity among the prominent men of the town. Looking forward to the happy event, he was ready to take the advice of the Chairman to conduct the contest in a good humoured fashion. He had every reason to be good humoured, seeing the faces before him. (Laughter.) Be would promise them that no words of his should make any Conservative less ready to shake hands with him than he was to-day. He had net found a Tory in the constitu- ency who was not ready to shake hands with him. ' (Laughter.) He had often marvelled where tbc Tories lived —(laughter)--for there was not a house he passed that he did not get a smile from the lady or a cheer from the gentleman. (Laeghter and applause.) The action of their Chairman, in promoting the restoration of means of communication across the river to Widnes,was well known. Mr. Speakman, who was knewn to every- one in Runcorn as a stout Liberal, and who had worked for the benefit of the town on tee Urban Council, was a member of the deputation,who with the representatives of the Widnes Corporation, waited upon the Railway Cempany and the Ship Canal Company. Mr. unison who had ron'y one fault, and that was that he was not a good Radical—(laughter)—was also presenz. He was equally friendly with his colleagues, so that there they had an example of unity worthy of imitation by every municipality in the country. He (the speaker) had also had his share to do in local matters. For fully twelve menthe the School Board was in a great difficulty through its inability to settle a difficulty which arose between the members of the School Board and the owners of the Wesleyan school. The managers found the school a burden and the School Board were anxious to take it over. Fin understood the acquisition of these schools prevented the necessity of building a very much more expensive one, and would be a saving of some- thing like £2,000. The Board, being anxious to economise the m mey of the ratepayers, and the Wes- leyan managers being willing to hand them over free to the town, negotiations were commenced, but a legal difficulty was encountered. There were two houses at- tached to the school in Oranville-st., which had to be built to secure the annual ground rent of £2O. The managers of the schoels sail they could not afford to give the houses. The difficulty was prolonged for 12 months when Mr. Pritchard waited upon him, with the requeet that he should accompany him to the Education Department. He therefore went with him, and found Sir George Kellewich,who was at the head of the depart- ment,very sympathetic. He (Sir John) had a good char- acter at the Education Department, being knovvn as an enthusiastic lover of education, and therefore Sir George gave them a kindly and sympathetic hearing. He called in the legal advieer of the Department, and a way was found out of the difficulty, and the school was trans- ferred to the Board last month. The town was thereby saved an expenditure of £2OOO. He heartily congratu- lated them upon the unity that existed in local affairs. (Applause.) He had been advised by a private note that a question would be handed to him concerning his own personal action. The writer stated there were a consider- ab'e number of Socialists in the yard where he worked, and whilst they professed to be taking no part in the election, they would vote Tory. They were circulating a rumour that he (Sir John) stopped is. fid. per week from the workmen during the time he was contributing so generously to the relief fund in Runcorn. (Laughter and applause.) Now, 4.000 one and sixpences meant £3OO, and therefore whilst he was contributing £5O a week to Runcorn he, was sweating their men at Win- nington and Sandbach to the tune of £3OO per week. It. might be there was someone ass enough to believe this in Runcorn,but he doubted it. (Laughter and applause.) Did they think they would not have heard of it before now if it were true? (Elear,hear.) It was seven months ago and yet it had only been found out by the Socielists of Runcorn now. (Laughter and applause.) in referring to the House of Lords he said there were 580 peers, and 8,229,000 electors in the United Kingdom. The peers claimed to have as much power as the elec- tors. One peer therefore was equal to 11,143 electors. If a man declared his belief that every peer was as good as more than eleven thousand electors he deserved all he would vet. Alluding to the pensions they received, he said if he had his way he would atop them They were being diminished by being bought at 24. 25, and 26 years purchase. That, he knew, WAR tn be defended because from a monetary point of view it was a bargain for the country. But he had never consented to that payment of wages of shame, and never wonld. (Ap- plause.) Reference had been made to the Employers Liability Act. He was very happy to tell them that the firm with which he was connected, since the passing of the first Employers Liability Bill, had never had a single action brought against it. Whenever a poor fellow got hurt or killed in his employment at their works they had never waited to settle the question as to who was in fault, but they had always given the compensation. Mr. Ward had told them that the election was not a question between ens man and another ;it was a ques- tion of principles. FIR did not care which way they looked at it, whether it was a queetien between two men or two policies. They knew him to have been a good neiehbour,and the whole country knew him to be a good employer. (Applause.) He had always encouraged the settlement of trades disputes through the men's repre- sentatives from their tredee unions. (Applause.) Pro- ceeding to deal with Sir William Harcourt's Budget, he said it was the fulfilment of the promise made by their great leader that the Liberal Government would bring about the pqnalication of the death duties as between real and personal property. (Applause.) He pointed out the difference between real and personal property, and contended that real property should he taxed the more heavily. He then spoke of the action taken be 1 Mr. Mundella for the benefit of seamen. Owing to the many temptations which seamen were subjected to when they received their pay, Mr. Mundella arranged that on payment day, any seeman should he able to receive a money order, payable at his home. (Applause ) He claimed that in this matter the Liberal Government had been acting as an angel of mercy, and they deserved well at the fiends of their countrymen. Let. him assure them that. nothing weeild give him greater pleasure than a renewal of their confidence at that election. (Loud and continued applause.) Sir John Brunner then proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman.—Mr. Taylor in seconding the motion geld there was net a constituency in the United Kingdom that had as good a representative in Parliament than they had in Sir John Brunner. They ought to feel grateful to him for what he had done in local mattera, and' he ' hoped everyone would make an effort to place him at the head of the poll. (Applause.) The meeting concluded with the sieging of" God save the Queen."

caricatured by dressed-up figures with painted faces, huge noses, and evil looks, and the customers of the publicans were also caricatured in a somewhat similar manner. Now they were not all teetotalers, and they must not represent that everyone who went into a pnblic-house was a sot, and that everyone who had a glass of beer was a wearer of ragged clothes. It was a piece of very bad taste, and he did not at all wonder that the people of Derby had taken offence at it. But with regard to the principles of the Local Veto Bill he thought they weuld agree with him that the people whom the public-houses concerned ought to have the right to say whether they would have any or none. (Applause.) Tnev had in Cheshire 313 magistrates. They had also 83,618 electors who were entitled to vote for members of Parliament. These 313 magistrates had to Fettle it whether there were to be any public-houses or not, whether few or many, and without the electors having a say in the matter. Was that fair? ("No.") It was the people who ought to settle the matter,not the magis- trates. In conclusion he referred to the House of Lords, and said it was time they abolished the veto of that House.—A vote of confidence in Sir John Brunner was passed, and the meeting terminated.

receive from the State, he said the position he took was this, that the parents of children had a right to say that they should be educated in the religion of their fathers, and so long as the voluntary schools complied with the conditions the Government laid down, they should he put on the same terms as to finances with the Board schools. (Applause.) Referring to the Local Veto question he said he stood before them as an old worker in the temperance cause. Although he was not a teeto- taler he was a strong advocate of temperance, but be differed from many as to the way temperance was to be obtained. He had been in local veto districts in America and he could tell them that it was a perfect farce. With regard to compensation he held that if a house was closed, not through any breach of the terms of the license, it was only fair that there should be some compensation. (Hear, hear.) In cc:reclusion, he referred to old age pensions which the new Government intended to introduce. He hoped the electors would follow the example of their fellow-men throughout the country, and support the Unionist Government, a course which they would not regret. (Applause.) Mr. J. Meadowcroft moved a resolution pledging the meeting to do its utmost to secure Mr. Ward's return.— Mr. Kilcross seconded, and the Hon. Alan De Tatton Egerton supported. A number of questions having been handed in, Mr. Ward replied to them. To the one " What are you going to do with the Friendly societies if you give old age pen- sions ?" Mr. Ward said it was intended to make use of the friendly societies as an instrument for carrying out the scheme. It would be one of the greatest wrongs ever done by any Government to attempt to crush or cripple these great self-help societies of the country. (Applause.) With regard to the question " Why should a lcrd be a member of the House of Lords simply be- cause his father was a member ?" he said lie would not attempt to answer it. It was part of the constitution of the country. To the question "Is it true you brought the military to interfere with the Watermen's strike ?" He could say there was not one word of truth in it. He did not know the military had been sent for until the next day. He could stand by anything he did at that I time. " Who shall manage the Voluntary schools if they I obtain state aid ?" Was the next queaima, and Mr. Ward stated that those schools did receive that aid now, and he thought the gentlemen who had managed them in the past would be capable of doing so in the future. To the question "are you in favour of the abolition of the compulsory vaccination acts ?" He said he would do all he could to prevent their repeal as he did not know any acts which had done more good. The resolution was then put to the meeting and a forest of hands was held up againstit, but the Chairman declared the resolution carried. Mr. F. Smith, 8.A., then addressed the meeting and was followed by Mr. J. Lowry of Liverpool. The meet- ing shortly afterwards terminated.

THE CANDIDATES AND LABOUR QUESTIONS. The followieg questions which were adopted by the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress at Manchester on the 10th inst. have been forwarded by Mr. Gatley, of Ruccorn, to Sir John Brunner and Mr. Thomas Ward. The questions were :—L The amend- ment of the Jury Law so as to pay jurymen for their services,and make it eligible for all Parliamentary voters to become jurymen and to abolish the present system of calling Grand Juries ; (2) to prevent the landing of pauper aliens; (3) the amendments to Mines Act so as to secure the objects desired by the miners' organisations of the country ; (4) accommodation for seamen so as to give an adequate number of cubic feet for breathing space ; (5) amendments to allotments act on the lines of previous congress resolutions ; (6) employers' liability bill ; (7) general eight hours' day applying to mines, bakehouses, fac- tories, and other workshops ; (8) Government contracts so as to include Trade Union rate of wages, Trade Union conditions of labour and the abolition of all contracts entered into; (9) law of conspiracy so as to repeal the law which makes picketing illegal; (10) manning of ships so as to make it impossible for ships to be under manned ; (11) nationalisation of land, the means of production, distribution and exchanges ; (12) old age pensions; (13) payment of members, and returning officers' fees ; 1,14) reform of Parliamentary procedure with a view to pre- vent the waste of Parliamentary time ; (15) registration reform; (16) reform of the poor law system ; (17) more adequate inspection in mines, factories, railways, docks, and worashops ; (la) the truck act to prevent contract- ing out and to give it a general application; (19) the total abolition of the House of Lords ; (20) the reform of the law of libel.

Sir John Brunner's reply is favourable to nearly all the questions. Referring to the 4th he states that common humanity states that it should be obtained for them. Concerning the sth, he is grateful that the frades Union Congress should take up the case. With regard to the Employers' Liability Pill, he states that every voter in the constituency knows that tie was against contracting out. The firm of which he was head paid compensatism in all cases of death from permanent injury without considering whether it was the man's own fault or not. As to the general eight hours bill the firm adopted it six years ago, and as a consequence the men were healthier, steadier, and happier and delighted with the result. With reference to Government contracts, the late Government had done splendid work in carrying out the orders of the House of Commons to pay Union wages and he supported them. The law of conspiracy was in many respects out of date and required amend- ing. Concerning the undermanning of ships,theri quest was reasonable not only to seamen but to society at large. He considered question elf-ven to be the wildest possible nonsense. With regard to question 12, he was strongly in favour of it,but no practical scheme had yet been proposed. He approved of payment of members, and as regarded the reform of Parliamentary procedure his views were proverbially known. He was in favour of question 17 and as to 18, better inspection would be car- ried out under Mr. Asquith's Act which the Tories feught bitterly and whien the House of Lords dared not thrJw out. Questions 18 and 20 he was in favour of. Regarding 19 he did not wish to abolish the House of Lords no more than he wished to abolish the Crown. But the veto of the Crown had gork long ago, and he wished to abolish the veto of the House of Lords.

Mr. Ward replied that it was impossible for anyone to express any definite opinion upon such a multi- tude of subk•cts as those contained iu the pro- gramme. If the framers of such a programme would consider that a candidate for Parliament for any district should represent not anyone section of that district, however numerous the electors might be, but as far as consistent with the general good the interests of all sections, there would be no attempt to exact pledges on so many questions. No member of Parliament would be better than a machine who fettered himself with pledges of the kind they desired. The principle which guided him was justice to all parties and special privileges to none. Whilst agreeing with several of the items of the programme and willing at all times to fully consider and thoroughly discuss any matter bearing upon the interests of labour generally he was not prepared to give any assent whatever to several other parts of the programme. He did not see the justice of dealing unfairly by part of the community. If labour representatives would follow out the same measure of justice to those who would suffer by the carrying out of their programme as they asked for themselves, there would be greater probability of good resulting to all. lithe legislation of this country was ever forced into the making of special laws for powerful selfish interests of certain Sections of the com- munity at large, and without having any consideration whatever to the injury and injustice done to some, a state of affairs would be introduced disadvantageous to everybody. He would he fully prepared to consider any question bearing upon lahmr.and,as tar as he could, en- deavour to promote anything brought forward in the in- terests of labour that would neither injure the trade of the community nor the general welfare.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING AT WESTON.

A well-attended open-air meeting was held at the Crosses, Weston, on Monday evening. Mr. Thomas Handley, J.P., occupied the chair and stated that they were met that night to support the candidature of their old friend,Sir John Brunner. He had served them well, and had taken a great interest in everything that per- tained to the district, not only politically but education- I ally. (Applause.) Sir John Brunner who met with a hearty. reception, said he was very glad to have the opportunity of addressing the men of Weston,who were now old friends of his. (Applause.) He did not want them to send him to another constituency becalm he told them frankly,he had not a heart large enough for another. (Applause.) After referring to the postponement of the opening of the Runcorn Technical Institute, he said the Tories were telling them everywhere that trade was had because of the Liberal Government who had been in rower for the last three years. Upon this meter he wished to dwell for a few minutes. The year 1890 was the hest year for trade that had ever been known in the history of the country. But at that time there came a great disaeterupon the mercantile world, and hp that he did not mesa the mercantile world of England alone, but the ,whole world. That was the failure of the great house of Baring Bros,—a great banking house I which hal relations with the whole world. Their busi- ness was the negotiation of loans with foreign countries. England had within the last 50 or 60 years lent a great deal of money to foreign countries. When we issued this money, trade was good, becalia- instead of lending the mores' to these countries we sent grinds. Well, this larg eh'-use of Baring's failed at the end of the year 1889 lowing to their lending money inindiciously to countries 'that could not pay interest. They lent millions of money to Ihe South American republics which was a most risky, proceeding. For instance they spent over a million of money in providing a large water works in the Argen- tine republic, and when they were finished, the people found that the water WAS so dear that they could not afford to take it, and the whole thing came to ruin, The Argentine republic failed to pay their debts and at the same time other reDuhliee in South America failed to pay also. This had a result on the Australian banks which fell one after another until they were on the verge of ruin. All this occurred during the time of the ('onservative Government, frem 189') to 1892, and the imports and exports had fallen £36,000,000 sinze then the fall had amounted to another £l2OOOOOO. They would see that three quarters of the drop occurred dur- ing the time of the Tory Government. and only one fourth during the time of the Liberal Government. It. was quite clear, therefore, that the Liberal Government Was not the cause of had trade. Sneaking with reeerd to the regulation and enntrol nf the liquor traffic he said the author of the Bill, Sir William Harcourt, had lost his seat at Derby. That defeat he thought was the result of a great indiscretion wluch he was snrry to say certain misguided individuals in the town of Darby had been guilty of. About a week before She election there, a procession was organised, and paraded the streets of the town. The publicans were

===== 0002601_18950720_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING AT HALTON.

There 17;;;Ti-aTge-gTt-heringe at the -O-p-e-t-t- air meeting at Elalton on Tuesday evening in support of the candida- ture of Sir John Brunner. Mr. Thomas Handley, J.P., conducted the meetink , and amongst those present were Sir John and Lady Brunner, Revs. J. Simpson, J. Stafford, Messrs. Williams (National Liberal Club), Looker, Barrow, E. Gatley, G. Bellamy, and others. A resolution pledv,ing the meeting to use every legiti- mate means to secure Sir John Brunner's return was I moved by Mr. Looker, seconded by Mr. Barrow. The latter said a great cry was being made by the Conserva- tives about bad trade. He contended that neither Lord Rosebery nor Lord Salisbury could affect the trade of the country. Let him give them an instance. Five years since, bleaching powder was selling at the Liver- pool chemical market at £4 73. 63. per ton. To-day the price was £7. It was impossible for any Government to alter the price which was now being charged. They could not force the owners to sell at a cheaper rate. Mr. Jephoon supported the resolution, and referred to Sir John Brunner'a generosity during the recent distress. He also spoke ot the necessity of the Disestablishment of the Church, and also made reference to the Local Veto Bill. He denied that the Bill would rob the poor man of his beer, and said he was afraid it would be a long time before they would be able to get a two-thirds majority to close a public-house at Halton. Mr. Williams of the National Liberal Club, London, then addressed the meeting at great length. esaid the cry about the Liberals being responsible for bad trade was one of the greatest pieces of humbug that had aver been raised. (Applause.) It was being done to hood- wink the electors. No Government was directly res- ponsible for the fluctuations in our trade. In alluding to Mr. Ward's address he referred to the arrogance of the Tory party in claiming to be the only party who were en leavouring to make the country great. He proceeded to criticise several remarks in Mr. Ward's address, and referred to the beneficent legislation of the late Liberal Government. In conclusion he alluded to the House of Lords, and asked them to support Sir John Brunner. ,1 Sir John Brunner, who met with a hearty reception, I dealt in the first place, with the veto of the House of Lords which, he said, should be abolished. Proceeding to speak of the Unionist cry that the Liberal Govern- ment had caused bad trade, he wished to know whether they could blame the Tory Government for the rain which was falling just now? (A Voice: "Yes" and loud laughter.) He (Mr. Brunner thought the man who was of that opinion should be put in the Liverpool Museum. (Laughter.) He affirmed that rash speculation had a great deal to do with the bad trade which the country had suffered from recently. It was greatly due to the failure of the great house of Baring •Brothers who had been speculating heavily in the Republic of Argentina. Surely the Liberal Government coald not be blamed for that, and when anyone told them that the Liberals had , caused bad trade he hoped they would give them their answer. In conclusion he spoke of the Local Vote Bill and said no one had a better right to say how many r licensed houses they would have in their midst than the people themselves. He asked for their support on the 24th inst., and said their interests would always be supreme with him. Whenever their interests clashed with his, his should go down and theirs should go up. (Loud applause.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS BY SCHOOL TEACHERS.

On behalf of the Runcorn Teachers' Association the Secretary has pot the following questions to the Parlia- mentary candidates of the Northwich Division :-1. Will you vote for immediate effect being given to the recommendations of the Education Commission, 1888 ? 2. Will you vote for the insertion to the Education Code of a memorandum of agreement between teachers and managers, such as would prevent the dismissal of the teachers except for a reasonable and assigned cause? 3. Will you vote for such representation of the inter- ests of public elementary schools upon any public bodies charged with the control of the higher education effort, organised or assisted by the State or by local a uthorities as shall secure to the most promising of the elementary school pupils full opportunity for the enjoyments of all educational facilities now provided or added and here- after to he provided or added from public sources ? Will you vote for the early raising of the present age for juvenile labour of any kind either in factory, mines, or education acts ?

Both candidates have answered the questions in the affirmative. Sir John Brunner adis " The attainment of your ends will he most beneficial, not alone to your association but to society at largo. I note with special admiration the wise and far seeing aim embodied in your three questions, for as John Knox stated ' Every scholar is an addition to the wealth of the State.' "

===== 0002601_18950720_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TORY MEETING AT FIALTON.

A meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. Ward, the Tory candidate for Northwich,was held at Halton on Friday evening in the Halton schoolroom. Sir Richard M. Brooke, Bart , presided, and there were al.° peesent : Rev. G. D. Wray (vicar), Mr. T. Ward (candidate), Messrs. E. Imison, J.P., H. Reynolds, J. Meadowcroft, J. Stokes, T. Wright, J. E. Jeacock, and others. The following resolution was passed on the motion of Mr. J. W. Lightburn, seconded by Mr. Mesdowcroft, " That this meeting expresses its confidence in Lord Salisbury's Government, and trusts it may be supported by an overwhelming majority at the present election." (Ap- plause.) Mr. Ward then addressed the meeting and re- , viewed the action of the late Government during the past three years which he described as being of a "log rolling" character. Instead of wasting time pulling down churches, disintegrating the Empire, and abolishing the House of Lords, the new Government would extend trade, find work, elevate the condition of the workingman, and find him something to make his old age comfortable. He endorsed that policy, and he asked them to give him the opportunity of suonort,ng it. (Applause.)—The Rev. G. D. Wray proposed a re- solution that Mr. Ward was a fit and prcper person to represent the Northwich Division in Parliament.—Mr. Birch seconded the propocition, which was carried.— vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
UNIONIST MEETING AT RUNCORN.

In the Public Hall, Runcorn, OM Wednesday evening,a meeting was held in support of the Unionist candidate, Mr. Thomas Ward. Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., occu- pied the chair, and there were present on the platform, the candidate, the Hon. Alan De Tatton Egerton, M.P., Sir Richard Brooke, Bart., Mr. .T. Lowry, Mr.F. Smith, 8.A., Rev. Dr. Preston, Rev. W. H. Stables. Dr. Mc- Kenzie. Messrs. J. Oaklreton, J. J. Meadowcroft. F. A. Lake, J. Ashton,J. J. Speakman, C. L. Evans, r. Tim- mins, J. Timmins, C. Linaker, J. W. Lightburn, W. H. Hankinson. R. Abel, G. Shane, T. Wright, Chantler,Elar- risen, Brundrit, and others. The Chairman said first of all he wished to make apologies for the absence of Mr. John Brundrit, Mr. Henry Reynolds, Mr. Charles Hazlehurst, and Mr. F. R. Norman, who regretted being unable to be present and to help forward the good cause. Referring to Sir John Brunner's generosity during the recent distress, he said he did not think that should be made a ground for supporting him at that election, and they must also be aware that the Company which he repre- sented had to a large extent knocked the bottom out of the trade of Runcorn. It was far from his wish to be personal and he hoped no one would take it as a per- sonal r-fiction.

Mr. Hornby L"wis in speaking of Sir John Brunner's addross referred to the credit that gentleman took with regard to the suh,idence question. But the question had been deferred for a couple of years because North- wieh wanted Winsford to pay fol•tha damage which was chiefly caused by Messrs. Brunner, Mond, end Co, at Northwich. Sir John Biunner also said a great deal of what he had done to reform the Weaver trust. It seemed to him (the speaker) that the greatest henefitters of that would he the firm of Brunner Mend and Co. Whereas ' salt paid something like a shilling a ton, alkali was at a much reduced rate—vis , 81. He • thought that while credit was taken for these two things, there was a great deal to be said on the other side. The alkali works at Runcorn which used to employ six or seven hundred men had now no more than three hundred which was owing simply to the competition of Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co. Be afterwards alluded to the Rome Rule Bill, Welsh Disestablishment, and the Local vwn Bill and in conclusion asked them to support Mr. Ward who would brine, hack trade to them and put money in their pockets. (A ppla use.) Mr. Thomas Ward who received a hearty reception said he did not Wand there with the intention of s+i-ifig, any hard words against any man. His friend, Sir John Brunner, was a generous man, and he had not a word to say against his generosity. (Applause.) They were now haying an appeal to the countrY and thry who had votes were being ,ked in express their opinion upon two definite policies. He proceeded to deal with the question of Welsh Dis- establishment, which, he said,no one in that room would derive one atom of benefit from. Speaking of the ques- tion of voluntary schools and the assistance they should

===== 0002601_18950720_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDNES ELECTION.

MR. DEACON Al' DITTON.

In continuation of his political tour to the various stations in the Widnes Division, Mr. Deacon addressed a large and enthusiastic open-air meeting at Ditton on Monday evening. Mr. W. Knowles presided,and he was supported by Messrs. H. W. Deacon, H. B. Shores (agent) and Ross-Browe, Liverpool. The Chairman introduced Mr. Deacon as a local man, and one who was ever ready and willing to assist a good cause. Above all, he was a Liberal. (Loud applause.) Mr. H. Wade Deacon, who was loudly applauded, said that if he were returned to the House of Commons he hoped be would use his speaking powers, and not be the same as some gentlemen were. (Loud applause and laughter.) Referring to Mr. Gilliat's utterances. the I speaker said that gentleman had said that the Liberals tried to create schism between employers and employed. Such a statement as that was utterly absurd. What , the Liberals had tried to do was to heal the I wounds that occasionally broke out between masters and men, but the Tories tried to put difficulties in the way of healing them. (Applause.) He made a brief allusion to the coal strike of 1893,and asked which was the party that terminated the affair ? It was L.)rd Rosebery. (Loud and continued applause.) "fhat was, he believed,the first time that a Prime Minis- ter had interfered in any labour dispute, and it was to the credit of the Liberal party that of their own choos- ing they had made so successful an enterprise. (Cheers.) There was tbe great strike among the cab men in Lou- don, and,although it did not immediately concern them, it was well worth remembering that the late Govern- ment were the persons who settled the affair, and with success too. Mr. Deacon made a reference to the boot and shoe dispute at Leicester, and claimed for the Liberal party the satistaction of interfering with success. Now, he contended that anyone who ItEnw the Liberal party would not think .of presuming that they tried to sow discord between masters and men. His point was that they should try to keep trade in their country, and if by disputes other countries got the trade, then they must inevitably suffer. (Hear, hear.) Ween they got trade the great thing they had to do was to see that the profit was Equitably shared between employers and em- ployed. (Loud cheers.) The Tory party were very Rind of talking about 'natters of conciliation, but they

repeatedly blocked the Conciliation Bill of the late Government, with the result that it had to be abandoned in September, there being no time to proceed with it. He asked them, after these facts, whether the Tory party were the party to trust with their affairs. (" No, no.") The Government had formulated a Bill—the Employers' Liability Bill—and this the Government had had to drop through the interference of the House of , Lords, who would insert a clause allowing men to "con- tract out." The Factory Act was due to Mr. Asquith, and it had been passed by the House of Lords. Ile gave this as an instance of the way in which tha Lords treated Bills. When the Tories were in power, or there was the probability of their coming into power, there was no difficulty in passing Bills. But when the Liberals were in power it was absolutely impossible to bring measures to any satisfactory result. Mr. Gilliat said that if a Parliament were set up in Dublin it would be independent. That was absolutely absurd. It never was proposed to give Ireland an independent Parliament; what it was proposed to do was to grant Home Rule to Ireland, which was the same as giving Lancashire a measure like the County Council. The Tories ridiculed them with being dig-Unionists, but the fact was they (the Liberals) were Unionists in the true sense of the word. (Cheers.) Ireland had never dreamed of raising and supporting an army or a navy. Ireland never wished to be separate. They all wished to live under the same flag, and he assured them that Ireland would always be ready and willing to fight side by side when Home Rule was granted, as she had done in the past with the soldiers t f this country. (Applause.) Ireland had been growing more peaceable year by year under Liberal rule, and it was by granting this measure of Home Rule that they hoped to avoid trouble, and so in the future ensure peace tor that coun- try. Mr. Gilliat told them that they had lost America, but he (Mr. Gilliat) reminded them that America was lost by not granting Home Rule. (Loud applause.) Mr. Gilliat excused a good deal, and said that they (the Tories) gave a deal of thought to labour and social questions. Well, he thought that he had shown them the attention and thought that the Tories paid to ques- tions of such importance. Concluding, Mr. Deacon al- luded to the question of agriculture, and observed that the Tory party had bitterly opposed Mr. Lambert's Land Bill, the provisions of which he explained. It , seemed to him that the great object of the Tory party was to support the landlord party, and neglect tin far- mers and labsurers. (Applause.)

A vote of thanks, s proposed by the Chairman, and seconded by Mr. Ross-Brown, was carried unanimously. Mr. Deacon subsequently drove to St. Michael's Schcols, where he addressed a crowded meeting, the room being full to its utmost capacity. The chair was occupied by Mr. James Brown. In the course of his observations, Mr. Deacon refuted the statement that Governments were responsible for the trade of a country, and that the Tories gave better trade, and in support of his contention read sta- tistics showing that under the Tory Govern- ment the export trade had decreased 40 millions, and the import 33 millions. (Applause.) He further dealt with the labour questions of the day, and claimed that it was the Liberal party that were the pioneers of all progressive reform. Asked whether he would upport a Bill to remove the injustice of a man being deprived of his vote owing to accepting temporary relief through want of employment, Mr. Deacon said he would give any such Bill his cordial approval. (Cheers.) A vote of confidence in Mr. Deacon was un- animously passed.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CAMDEN WESLEYAN CHOIR.

Mr. F. 0. lirlostyn, of Lymm, was the preacher at the annual choir sermons in connection with Camden Wes- leyan Chapel, on Sunday. There were good congrega— tions and satisfactory collections were made. Special anthems with solos were rendered by a string band under the leadership cf Mr. Charles Ditchfield. Mr. Charles Leathwood and Miss Yates were the soloists. RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE.

A meeting of this committee was held at the Town Hall, Runcornlon Tuesday evening, undrr the cresid- ency of Mr. H. J. Grice. There were also present,Messrs3 S. Pope, r. Riley, W. J. Cunningham, and J. D. Jones (librarian). The monthly statement of the librarian showed that 1,194 books had been issued ; 1172, in the leading department : and 22 in the reference department. The books borrowed were as fol- lows :—Theology 7, philosophy 4, science 37, history,&c- -70, poetry 9, fiction 943, miscellaneous 113, French literature 2, and music 9. The reports were adopted. . _

===== 0002601_18950720_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. MICHAEL'S CHT) RCTI CHOIR.

The sermons on behalf of this choir were preached on Sunday morning by the Rev. A. J. Jameson, and in the evening by the Rev. C. Brooke-Gwynne, vicar of Holy Trinity, Birkenhead. In the afternoon a flower service was beld, at which an address was delivered by Mr. Jameson. The choir at the morning service gave an ex- cellent rendering of the anthem, "Oh, how amiable (Simper), the tenor solo being well taken by Mr. James Mundell. In the evening Ebden's services were sung, and the anthem, " Lc, round the throne "Spinney). The solos in this were sung by Masters H. Price, J. Savage, and J. Sherlock. Mr. C. Pownsll conducted the choir. The organ was presided at by Mr. A. Tim- mins, jun. The collections realised over £lO. SON 3 OF TEMP 2 ERANCE —HALF-YEARLY MEETING. —..• . . .

This order held its half-yearly meeting in the S.a.ris of Temperance Hall, Weston, on Monday evening Repre- sentatives were present from all parts of the Cheshire grand division, including Northwich, Runcorn, Weston, Crewe, Chester, and Winsford. The Runcorn represen- tatives and officers consisted of the following :—Messrs. Thomas J. Holt, Thomas Clarke, Daniel Bisbrowne, Richard Key, Thomas Heesom, James Johnson, Thomas Whyte, David Smith, John Jones, Samuel Henderson and Samuel M. Temperley. Mr. William Heath,G.W.P., of Crewe, occupied the chair. The secretary, Mr. S.M. Temperley. submitted the numerica! and financial report for the past half-year, and the latter showed an in- crease in the funds. They were adopted. The repre- sentatives present then considered the new rules at con- siderable length, and ultimately they were deemed satis- factory and passed. Mr.Temperley resigned his position as grand scribe in consequence of leaving the district. Tie was heartily thanked for his services and Brothers Hughes (Chester)and Edward Key (Runcorn) nominated. The voting resulted in the election of the latter. It was resolved that the next meeting of the Grand Division should be held at Chester at the beginning of next year. Votes of thanks to officers closed the gathering. ANOTHER LAD SENT TO A REFORMATORY. Before Messrs. T. Handley and E. Imison at Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday morning, a lad, 14 years of 'age, named Martin Gilligan, of Cooper-st., Riincorn,was charged with stealing a silver watch value £3, and two pennies, the property of Charles Hind, coachman to the Rev. Canon Wood. The prosecutor in his evidence stated that on Monday about noon he placed his watch in the kitchen together with two pennies. He left them there for a short time, but on his return he discovered that the watch and money had been taken. From what the servants told him he gave information to the police. On the previous night (Tuesday) about nine o'clock, he met the prisoner and his father in Greenway-road, and they told him that the watch had been taken back.— P.C. Gregory stated that he charged the prisoner with the theft. He at first admitted that he had spent 19.21., but afterwards denied this, and stated that he found the watch in the Vicarage garden.—The prisoner in reply to the magistrates repeated his statement as to finding the watch.—Martin Gilligan,father of the lad, asked the magistrates to discharge him and promised to send him away from Runcorn from his had companions. The lad had:taken to reading a great many " penny dreadfuls," detective stories, &c. On finding the watch in his pos- session he (witness) immediately returned it to the owner.—lnspector Hicks gave the lad a bad character. The magistrates were of opinion that the lad was being encouraged by someone, and committed him to prison for 14 days,to be followed by confinement in a reforma- ory for Lour years.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

--- THE Forancomnao FETE.—Great attractions are promised az, the Village Fe e and Sale of Work in aid of , the Western Church Building Fund which is to be held at W eston on Wednesday and Thursday, July 31st and August Ist. Major Orred will open it on the first day and Miss Barclay on the second. There will be the crowning of the village queen and dancing round the May-pole, a grand procession, in addition to flower, poultry, rabbit, and bird shows, donkey races, comic cricket and football matches. At the Sale of Work there will be stalls of useful and ornamental articles including a great jumble stall. Selections of music will be dis- coursed by the Western Church Brief; Cand. Nxw TEMPERANCE HALL—A new building for the order of the Sons of Temperance was opened on Friday, ano that the temperance friends have been in earnest about it may be judged from the fact that the work of erecting it has beeia done by the temperance people themselves. It will provide accommodation for about 100 persons, and will be used as a meeting house and for practices by the drum and fife bawd. The ceremony of opening the building was performed by Master William A. Guest. Two binds, the church brass band, and the Wesleyan brass tand were in attendance. After the opening a meeting was held at which the chair was taken by Mr. G. A. Guest and there were also presont :—Revs. W. U. Stables, and W. , Moyle. Messrs. J. Sill. J. Catterall, W. J. Thinhavin J. Ford, J. flaz!ehurst, D. Bishrown, D. Kirkhan,, J. Somerfield, S. Leach, J. Lunt. J. Smith, T. Cooke, J. Jones and others. Mr. Sill propos td a vote of thanka to Master Guest for performing the ceremony—The !Irv. W. H. stables in seconding the vote said ho was pleased to show his sympathy with the CitlIAA of temperance,aud thought Bros. J. Catterall, S. Dodd, S. Leach, J. Lunt,D. Kirkham and others deserved hearty thanks for their noble work. BD was no stranger on the temperance platform, and he had been a teetotaler all his life. Mr. Guest responded on behalf of Ws son.—Mr. Thomas Cooke in the course of a short speech said they were very small in numbers when the Weston branch of the order was commenced. They were now in a more flourishing condition than they had ever been. Mr, J. Bishrown also addressed the meeting. A vote of thanks to Mr. Guest for presiding was passed.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Rbbertistinent not elaOgtria.

"Mall WICH PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION

RUNCORN POLLING DISTRICT.

A MEETING in support of the candidature of SIR JOHN T. BRUNNER, BART.,

will be held in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN:

ON MONDAY EVENING.

Address by the LIBEHAL CANDIDATE. C. E. SCHWANN, ESQ., M P., for North-east Manshester, and ELLIS GRIFFITHS, ESQ., candidate for Anglesea, Are expected to speak. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.80.

PLAIN COOK WANTED irnmediat.ly, for country house. Write, stating age. wages, and experienoe, to dd is UREG, Mount, Macclesfield.

C_ IGAItS and CIGARNTTES.—Agent WAN THD la every district, to introduce newly-imported goods. Samples poet free on receipt of 28.--Saystoma and Co., 16a, High- street, Wavertree.

FAIRFIELD.-39, Lorne-street, detarhed freeho d RHSI- DENCE, containing three entertaining-rwma, kitchen, scullery, five bedrooms, Datbroom, w.c., cellars, hotaud cold water throughout.

IjOLYllßAD.—Furnishesi, August, or longer, Gentleman'a HOUSH. detached, on outskirts of Holyhead. near the mountain : two sitting rooms, four tiredr,oms (including servants), bathroom. servant left if requared.—Address NEWLANDS. Gorsehill.

WANTED, good GENERAL, able to cook. Also NURSE for baby and girl of three; family four; page boy- kept ; good raterences.—Mrs. GstnesTr, Myrtle Eask, Prest- wich. sauchester.

WANTECD. COOK-GENBRAL ; thlreeghlv ex?erieneed ; some washing; housenuid-waiLreas kept ; £l7; age 28. —Mrs. W. LANSDOWN, WiiM5lOlV, ellettare.

ANTED Situation as GARDENER, single-handed (or with help ; good experienc , in glass i age 25 ; single. F. S., Sillton Ciarderts. Wolseley 3ridge, Stafford.

VI IVANITD, ifOUSIMAID-WAITRE6S (steAdy, experi- enced); age 26 ; £l6.—Mr eW. LAN.tDOWN. Cheshire.

COTTAGH APAKTMIINICS, two siLing and four bedroom, within easy distance d the watering place, Criccieth ; moderato.—Mo. itunEßTe, Dalanrafon, Pentrefelin, Port- znadoc.

WANTED, F3REMAN a lemon peel department; must be thoroughly practical, and ave:l up in hie work, unexeeptio at references reguli eI, liberal remunera- tion given to suit tble man.—Anply J. W. LUCCOCIC AND C 0.,. manufacturing confectioners, Chester-le-street.

VY7 ANTED, good GENICRAL—t7;Caok, bake, and Wath,tWO. servants, three In family, age 24 to 30 preferred.— Apply Mu. CROISE, dt. Luke's Vicarage, Barrow-in-Furneee.

TLOCK. —APARTMEN TS near tram awl moors.stands in own grounds.-Irll. WARD, Rose Alount, Matlook

STOCKTAKING SALE

NOW PROCEEDING.

RUMNEY AND CO.,

CABINETHAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &c.,

9 AND 11, BOLD SPREET,

LIVERP'2OL.

REDUCTIONS OF FROM 15 TO 30 PRE CENT.

CARPETS MADE AND LAID FREE

DURING SALE.

OPECTACLES AND FOLDING EYE-GLASSES, SPECTACLES Convex or Concave, to suit all Sights, on FOLDERS. FOR 3D. A PAIR. 3D. A PAIR AND UPWARDS. I D. is. a Pair and more is c,arged else- A PAIR. where for the same Spectacles or Folders I will sell for 31. a pair. I Sell GENUINE PEBBLE SPECTACLES (whirl) I guarantee OENUI N Pebbles) tor 2s. 6d. a Fair; regular Optician's price ss. 6.1. a Pair. PROTECT your EYES with my 31. BLUE or SMOKE- COLOUR SPECTACLES or POLDERS. All one price. _

DEBERT'S,

10. CHURCH STRIORT, LIVSRPOnL.

HUYTOIC—A. BIJOU. residence tl Let (or would be sold) c.ntalnlng two good entertsinlng rooms, five bed rooms, kitchens, sedhroom and w.c.. two conservatories tennis lawn &S. R nt £7o.—Apply QUEEN AND POSTER, 2, South John-street, Liverpool.

po BE SOLD cheap. 2 MCAGGONSTTBS, almost new, with 1. loose tops, to carry 22 an 4 parsons ; also 4 complete sets of silver-plated N'our-in-hand If klifIES3 ; no reasonable offer refused.—Apply JalssEs CALVFCRT, Job Mar et.. Burnley.

BETHANY, 2, York-terrace Pr ,P esta yn, to be Letornished from Aticut lst. ; fly, bedrooms, modern conveniences. —Address E. 11., 76 Itosebery-street, Liverpool.

LORD BROS.'

SUMMER SALE.

MARVELLOUS VALUE!

ASTOUNDING BARGAINS

ALNTLES, CAPES,

JACKETS,

M ACKI NTOSII ES,

DR!?SS GOODS,

UMBRELLAS, &c., &c_

SEP. TIIR

PRICES, STYLE, AND QUALITY.

SALE COMMENCES SATURDAY, JULY 13Tir.

FOR 21 DAYS ONLY.

LORD BROS., 128, BR IDG E-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

BNSIt A W. PIANOS. HENS HAWS PI, I ILNIS HAW. opposite Waterloo Hotel, MARCHES •• PEOPLII'S seven octaves, tug tri.thord, check antion, panel front, iron frame In veneered ones, £22 cash. or May beohtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Deliver,d free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10a. 6t. monthly, by all th leading makers. All Instruments sold by itENSHA. NI are fully War- ranted. 83, Piceibilliy, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and r -"aired or taken in exchange.

A NINHICAN 0110 ANS, Full compass, with knee swell. in handsomely finished mirror oases, from ss. 6d. monthly till pail for. if MS iIAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantaqes ta the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. 11131`,WIAW (lAttls fairly with his three years' customers in Caset) of cul.,Neliey. Ho does not want hoth reoroy aud instrument. taiNSRAW supplies dealers with rialioe and Organs. DON'T BUY TOUR PItNO4 Olt ORGANS AT lIHNBIIAW'S, 83, ti)tLl.y, TRH. If you can get them better and Cheaper elsewhere.

HENSHAW. PlikNOS. RENSHAW.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
link.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rice

===== 0002601_18950720_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EANOS

===== 0002601_18950720_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WHERE TO GO FOR MY HOLI.DA.YS ? This is a question which is now occsftiving the atten- tion of hundreds of our readers. Now the various health resorts of the British Islands, as well as the Con- tinent, will be shertly flocked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to ? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from WY holiday ? Now, any exp rienced medical man will tell you that a court,e of some suitable tonic medicine taken during the change will double the beneficial effects of the holi- day. The appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- similating powers of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system will be strengthened, the blood will be purified and the indispensable " tone "regained by the system, much more certainly and effectually by such a course of medicine taken during the holiday alone or by the medicine alone. Each helps the other, and the ex- perienced in these matters always take both together. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice Of your tonic. Many so-called remedies are absolutely injurious. There, is, however, one which long and uni- versal experience proves to be absolutely trustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-known preparation known as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. THE VEGETABLE TONIC.

WHAT ARE TIS EFFECTS? 1. IT aqBisTi and promotes Digestion. 2 It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It removes all Obstructions land Impurities from the human body. 6. It gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each.

Beware of Imitations! See the name of " Gwilvm Evans" on Label, Stamp. and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
--BEFORE VIE MAGISTRATES.

DISEASED FISH PROSECUTIONS. Yesterday, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before Mr. S. Chandlev and Alderman Harrison, Joseph Lever, 25, Bishop-st., Cheetham Hill, and fish dealer in the Warrington Market,was summoned for having on the 2nd inst., 202 herrings deposited in the cellar of the Market Hall, which were unfir for food.—Mr. A Browne prosecuted, and said that on Tuesday Inspector Norman visited the cellars ard found four boxes of kippered her- rings wet and decayed. They were taken before Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P., after being certified to be unfit for food by the deputy Medical Officer of Health, and the former ordered their destruction.—Inspector Norman corroborated, and said that he visited the cellars as the result of a complaint.—Dr.J.G. Gornall deposed that the fish were wet and smelling putrid.—Mr.H.Peet,solicitor, who defended, said that the fish were not intended for sale, and had gone bad between the Saturday evening and the day they were seized, owing to the hot weather. —A fine of 20s. and costs was imposed (22 2. di.), the magistrates remarking that defendant should have made arrangements to prevent the fish going bad in his pos-

-session. William Lowe, 149, Church-st., was charged with having fish in his possession, viz., 921 b., on the 4th July and William Bottomley, 3, Naylor-at., was charged with being the owner of the fish.—Mr. Browne prosecuted, and said that Inspector Norman on the day in questicm saw Lowe with a handcart containing the fish run up Eaydock-st. on catching sight of him. Norman followed and found a quantity of mackerel and flukes decom- posed and unfit for human food. These were likewise examined and destroved.—Lowe denied running away, and said that he was unused to fish and was unaware of their condition. Bottomley, who said nothing,was fined £2 and costs and Lowe ss. and costs. A BRUTAL AsSAULT.—THE " COMEHEDGE CRUSH." At the Warrington Borough Police Court yesterday, William Fleming, 5 Brick-St., and John Morrin, 29 James'-st., were charged with assaulting and beating Patrick McDonnell, 75 Sharp-St., on the 28th June.— McDonnell, the complainant, stated that on Walking Day he was in Gorsey-lane and was going in the swing-boats with his sister when one of a crowd of young men pushed him and he requested them to mind where they were pushing. They then wanted him to fight but he refused. Someone told bins it was the " Cockhedge Crush" and he was turning to go when Morrin struck him in the eye, and the other two rushed upon him and both kicked him while on the floor. F,eming was one who hit him.—A friend of complainant's. Browne, gave corroborative evidence and also said that he received a blow that was aimed at complainant's sister and which laid him up for three days.—Miss McDonnell and a friend also gave evi- dence showing that Norrin struck McDonnell a cowardly blow in the eye, and also kicked him -while on the floor. , Fleming was not so rough.—P.O. Bell said he had to eject the defendants from the field and observed that complainant was partly unconscious for 20 minutes.— A man named Lowe was called for the defence but did not prove anything material.—Morrin was fined 103. and costs and Fleming 5 and costs. STRANGE CASE OF ASSAULT ON THE POLICE. At the Warrington 8-Tough Police Court on Monday before the Mayor and Mr. F. Monks, James Slater, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday afternoon, and also with assaulting P.C. John Berry at the same time and place.—P.C. Berry stated that at the time stated in the charge he was coming down Church- st., when hornet defendant and his wife togother. The former asked Berry to "lock this woman up." Witness asked him if she was his wife and defendant said "Yes." Witness then asked the woman her name and she replied " Jane Slater," and in answer to a further query as to bow long she had been married, she said "That is enough for you," and prisoner then joined in and struck witness on the tensple. They closed and after a struv.gle witness conveyed defendant to the Police Station —Mrs. Slater gave corroborative evidence ane stated that when she gave her name the constable told her that it was was not her proper name. Further evidence having been given Mr. A. Browne, who appeared for the defence, said that defendant was a bricksetter's labourer and that there was a Thomas Slater, brick- setter, and the police had been asked to look nut for a woman supposed to be living with Thomas Slater. This was the cause of the questioning and Mr. Browne ad- mitted that Slater had had drink,but that he only struck at the officer and did not hit him.—A fine of 51. and costa was imposed for the assault the other charge being dismissed. CHILD NEGLECT—PARENTS SENT TO GAOL. On Tuesday at the Boroush Police Court, Warring- ton, Edward Scully, and Mary Ann Scully. 3, Glass House-yard, Scotland-road, were charged with wilfully neglecting their three children on Jule 13-h and divers Other dates.—l9spector McAteer. N S.P.C.C., said that at 1 30 on the afternoon of the 13th July. he found the male prisoner drunk. Detective Sergeant Monaghan brought him to the police station and he was remanded on Monday until Tuesday. The three children in the house were insufficiently clothecl, the little boy being in a filthy condition. Prisoners did not belong to Warring- ton but travelled about from town to town,and had only been in Warrington about five weeks. They were believed to be the most drunken characters yet before the bench. There was hardly any food in the heuse at the time,and witness was told that the male prisoner sold the furni- ture.—P.C. Amson gave evidence as to also having visited the house on the 13. h July, stating that he found the children crying and no one else in the house. The children were alive with vermin, and when he after- wards saw the female prisoner she had two black eyes which were attributed to her.busband.—Mr. Diley,Mrs. Ward, and Mrs. Davies, neighbours, all stated that they hardly ever saw the woman sober.—Mr. H. Taylor (P.C.M.), in supporting the evidence from a visit he had made said that whest he gave the children some food, they ate ravenously—Both prisoners were sent to gaol for one month's hard laboue each, and the children were ordered to be conveyed to the Workhouse.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

FRlDA.Y.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (chairman), Dr. Gornall and Al,4erman Harrison. . .

DRUNIKERNER9,—SaraII Riley, 4, Olivervreet, Ellen Roberts, 23, Foundry-street, and Mary Bridge, were charged with being drunk and disorderly nn Thursday night.—The case WRS proved and each fined 54. and costs or in default seven days bard labour. DOG WITHOUT LICENSE.—ThOMRS Wilcock, 48, Brick- street, was fined ss. for keeping a dog without license on the 3rd June. CLAIM FOR Loss OF WORlC—William Bostock, WiMere- pool-road, claimed 2s. for neglect of work from James Bibby, Crossley-street. Bibby denied the neglect but the magistrates awarded the claim to Mr. Bostock. MARKET PEOPLE AT VARIANCE,—Kate Bottomley, 3, Naylor-st., was fined 59, and costs to- assaulting Alice Bailey, 20, Golden Grove-st., on the 3rd July—Com- plainant stated that defendant had struck her about the body and also gave her a black eye which prevented her attending her work. VIOLENT ASSAULT.—FIenry Bird, 29, Leicester-street, was charged with assaulting Fanny Bird, his sister-in- law, and doing wilful damage to Samuel Bird's house- door on the Bth July.—Mr. Brcwne prosecuted. Samuel Bird said defendant came rushing to their house and kicked the door open on th, day in question and assaulted Mrs. Bird.—Mr. Bird stated that defendant threatened to kill both of them and he struck her several times with a hanging bar or fire-dog—Defendant alleged that his brother Samuel struck him wi-h a poker which caused aim to rush was fined 40.,. including costs.

SATURDAY. —Before Mr._,T.,,Burgess (chairman), and Mr.

S. Chanilley. STREET OBSTRUCTION. —Charles Bate, labourer, 23 Dial-Ft. ; Thomas Ellison labourer, 12 Green's-court ; Michael O'Neill, labourer, Dial-st. ; John Broderick, and James Broderick, 5 Pilling's-court, were all charged with obstructing the passage of a footpath in Dial at. on the 10th July by lying across the same.—P.C.'s Bell and Baxendale stated that from 5 o'clock to 6 on the day in question the lads were lying down on the footpath of Dial-st. and preventing passengers getting along. They arrested two and got the names of the rest. All were a complete pest to the neighbourhood and were loafing about all day long. The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 53. and costs or seven days' hard labour in each case.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor and Mr. F. Monks. A WEST INDIES DESERTER. Richard Leeson was charged with being a deserter from Her Majesty's 23rd Western Division Royal Artillery, St. Lucia, West Inches, since 26th May.—Detective-Sergeant Monaghan said that the prisoner was apprehended through calling at the Police Station and asking to stop for the night. He was wearing military underclothing.—Monaghan was awarded the usual reward for the capture, and:pri- soner was remanded to Strangeways Gaol for escort. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett and Dr. T. S. Smith. _ _ _ .

DRUNKENNESS.L.KIOIIII-as Daley was fined ss. and costs for being drunk whilst in charge of a horse and trap in Church-st., on Monday evening. It was stated that • he had been bringing up voters all day.—Mr. R. Gar- nett observed that he had thought that there would have been more cases of drunkenness, while the Chief Con- stable said that he had never seen so few drunken men previous to 10 p.m. on an election night.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY. —Before Mr. S. R. Armitage (chairman)

and the Rev. G. F. Roberta. OCCASIONAL LICENSES.—James S. Whittaker, Orford ; William Fryer, Newton ; Valtentine Wade, Sutton, all publicans were each granted an occasional licence to sell at Newton Races on the 25th inst. .

WEIGHTS AND MEASURES PROSECUTIONS.—Mary Pye, engaged in farming in Glazebrook-lane, Rixton, was charged with having had in her possession on the Bth inst. two 561 b weights which were unjust.—Mr. Spencer, weights and measures inspector, deposed to finding two weights in the possession of defendant which were 3ozs. and 11h, 14ozg. light respectively. The lead had but recently fallen out of the weights. The defend. and had not been guilty of a similar offence previously. A fine of se. and costs was imposed.—Henry Bridge, farmer in the same neighbourhood was fined a like sum for a similar offence. DOGS UNLICENSED AND AT LARGE—William Price, Poulton for allowing his dog to be at large was fined , 7s. ed. including costs ; David Weston for having a dog I without license and allowing it to be at large was fined 7s. 61. including costs for each offence. SLEEPING:OCT.—SamueI Gibson, Patrick Walsh, Wil- liam Thompson,and John Bentley,were severally charged with having on 17th July,in Haydock, wandered abroad and lodged in a boathouse without visible means of sup- port.—The case was proved by P.C. 653, who said he had had numerous complaints about this kind of behavi- our.—Gibson and Thompson having money upon them were dismissed, and the other two were sent to gaol for 7 days. UNLAWFUL REMOVAL OF Goons—William' Thompson was charged that between the 27th and 30th May in Sankey. being tenant of Mr. W. S. Pierpc,int, in Dale-at. at 3s. 61. per week and indebted to him for arrears of rent to £5 is. 3d.,unlawfully removed his goods to avoid distraint.—Mr. A. W. Howard prosecuted as landlord's agent and said that no notice of removal had been given and further that it was extremely difficult to get any rent from the people in that street.—The value of the goods was Axed at £3, and an order was made for de- fendant to pay double that amount,£6. DAMAGE TO PROPERTY.—Two boys, Arthur Praeger, and Benjamin Huttsley were charged with having on the 29th June, in Sankey, committed damages to a window owned by the Warrington Land and Property Co.,Ltd., I to the extent of is. 6d.—Mr. 1. Pemberton prosecuted for the Company and stated that considerable damage ' had been done to their property in that neighbourhood. —P.C. Dugdale proved the Case, and the lads were dia.- I missed on payment of costs 64.6 d. each. THEFT FROM A PENKETH GENTLEMAN'S Elousx.—Mary Russell, domestic servant, was charged with having on the 11th July in Penketh feloniously stolen a gold brooch value 255., the property of Edith Dignum from a dwell- ing-house there.—Edith Dignum, wife of Arthur Dig- num, stated that the breech in question on July 11th was placed in a pincushion where she saw it at seven o'clock in the evening, but at 9 p.m. it was gone.—De- fendant who was in service in the neighbourhood had I been visiting witness's servant.—P.C. Devlin stated that on Puesdav night he apprehended the prisoner at her place of service in:Sankey.lle charged her with the theft and,she said she:had picked the brooch up from the floor, but afterwards admitted that she had teken it and was sorry. She went upstairs and brought the brooch down.—The magistrates bound her over to appear when called upon as it was her first offence.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATIIRDAY.—Before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), Colonel J. L Wood, and Mr. C. B. F. Borron,_ _

DRONICENNES9.—For this offence Tho—nia.s.lCiaSo. New- ton ; Ralph Rudd, Newton ; John Harrison, Newton ; Robert Vale, Golborne ; William Davies, flaydock ; Alfred Barnes. Haydock ; were find 2s. 61. and costs ; and Thomas Harris, Ilaydvck. s+. and Coats. DRUNK IN ClIkaGE —Johnson Taylor and Samuel Bell were charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and cab in High-st.,Newton, on Julie 28. P.S. Banks nroved the case, and the defendants were fined, 21. 61. and costs.

BIRBACII OF vue PEACE.—Matthew Welsby and Jere- miah Dean were hound over to keep the o.ace for three months for fighting at Newton. on July 2nd. ALLEGED ASSAULT.-DiVii Wainwright was charged with asaaulting Mary Ann Maley and William Maley, on June 23, at Newton. Mr. Stuart, solicitor, defended. The complainant stated that on the day in question she saw the defendant coming out 3f his house. fie was drunk, and when he saw her he ru Med at her, and struck her in the face. He afterwards struck her husband. She could give no reason for the assault. Mr. Stuart called several witnesses who denied that any as- sault took place, and th...cage was dismissed. - - "

DOC) AT LARGE—For allowin hj do x to be at larcrP unmezzled, E lward Jacks m, Haydock, was fined 34.61. including costs.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

. .

===== 0002601_18950720_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.5

• c • •

,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSION.?

.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY. —Before Mr. Thomas Handley (emit man) and Mr. E. Imiqnn.

A'• MOONLIGHT" FLITT/NO —Eliztb.th Bra nnon,alias Whittle, 14, Herbert-st., Lostoek Gralam, North wich, was summoned at the instance nf Alfred Lightburn, Runcorn. on behalf of Messrs. Greenall. Whitley, and CO., for fraudulently removing goods from a house ot which they were the owners in Regent-ot,.Runcorn, in order to prevent a distraint for rent.—Mr. Lightburn stated that the defendant had occupied a house in Re- gent.st., Runcorn, at 3s. 6i. per week. On The 1.1,11 June she removed her goods from the house during the night. There was the sum of £2 89. owing for rent. She had since paid some of the money due but there was a balance of fis. 21. owing'. Thfre had been four or Ave cases of tenants remnyinl their goods during the night time, and the present case was brought as an example to others. The magistrates ordered the amount due and the costs 11s. 6d. to be paid within 14 date. Dolls AT LARae AGAIN.—John Capper, butcher, &ter- ton-street, was summoned for allowing his doe to be at large on the 6:h July. He was fined 53. including costs. —Richard Abel, carrier, Greenway-road, Has dealt wilh in A like manner for a similar offence un July 9th. A WARRINOTONIAN FAILS TO APPEAR.—Charles Roberta, 48, WellfiPld-street, Warrington, a carter, was summoned for cruelly illtreating a horse by overloading it on the 27th June.—Defendant did not appear and after evidence by Sergeant Gill, a warrant was issued. DRUNK Alqu DISORDARLY.—EIiz ibetb Barker and '3ath- erine McConn, were both committed to prison for four- teen days for being drunk and disorderly, the former on the 13th inst., and the latter on the 14th. A DISGUSTING WOMAN.—Hartiet Baxter, who had a had record again.t her, was committed to gaol for one month hard labour for indecent conduct in flankey-st., en the 14th July.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
PA.RIt'S BANKING COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK LIMITED.

DIRECTORS' REPORT.

An extraordinary general meeting of this Campany will be held at the Bank premises,Winwick-st. Warring- ton on Thursday next. The following is a copy of the directors' report which will he then submitted :—The Directors, in submitting to the shareholders the balance sheet of the bank at 30th June, 1895, certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects Of the business continue to be in every way satisfactory. Including £35.031 9=. 3d brought forward at 31st December, 1894, the net balance of profits, after prrvi l- ing ample for all bad and doubtful debts, and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent., is £152,109 3a. 51. From this sum the directors recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 19 per cent, per annum, free of income tax, for the quarter ending 30th June. 1895, to be payable on Ist August, 1895, £47,500; dividend at the same rate for the quarter ending 30 h September, 1895. to be payable on the Ist November, 1895, to the shareholders whose names shall be on the register on the 17th October,£47,soo; to bank premises account42.soo; leaving balance to be carried to next account. £34,609 3s. sd.

I In the Gloucestershire village of Durslev on Wednes- day a youth named George P. Smith deliberately shot h;...i sister dead for having made what he consi ered an ifensive remark. The victim was only eleven years o:d. LAWN YOWFUS. -GIRLAND , Ironmonger. Warriaq,ton and Stu.le stown.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 2O, 1895.

~,4

===== 0002601_18950720_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAN WHO ATE SUPPER.

Mr. Dalton, of Orgarth Hill, Tathwell, Lincs., is a tall, erect man, apparently about 50, with an intelligent looking forehead, honest kindly eyes,and a face suffused with health.

On being interviewed by a newspaper man, Mr. Dalton related with frankness and freedom a very inter- esting experience. " Three years ago last Christmas," he said, " I began to feel ill. I had a pain at my stomach ; I had no appetite, and when I did eat any- thing, wind would come off my stomach until I would be perfectly sick. The pain was very great, in fact I was in agonies ; it would come on at midnight some- times and continue for hours ; I could neither lie nor stand still ; I kept breaking off work through the illness and lost half a year in this way. I consulted one doctor after another, some calling my complaint indigestion, and others saying I had an ulcerated stomach. I tried five of them, and thPy gave me little relief, the pain al- ways returning. " Then how did you obtain permanent relief ?" (the patient was engaged In a hearty meal when the reporter entered.)

• " Oh, my wife read in the paper of • Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. As soon as I started taking them I found relief. I have never had any pain at the stomach since I took the third box. I eat any- thing now—short cake or pie crust, or anything ; and before that I dare eat nothing of that sort. I seemed to have no blood left, I was so pale. I was so thin I was like a skeleton, and never thought I should live to see the present time ; but I should think I am now two stones heavier." Mr. Dalton also stated that he had been six weeks in the Louth Hospital, without perman- ent relief. "I have been at work ever since I took the Pills," he added, "and I should not have done if without them."

Dr. Williams' Pink Pill:: cure rheumatism, neuralgia, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, and prostration; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c., restore pale and sallow com- plexions to the glow of health, are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men cure all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excesses. They are sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, flolborn-viaduct, London,at 2s. 9d.a box, or six for 13s. 9 L,in wooden boxes with pink wrapper; genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
W EDNES ATHLECTIC SPORTS.

The 28th anniversary in connection with Widnes Athletic Sports was held on Friday evening, on the Widnes Sports Ground, Farnworth. The weather being favourable there was a large gathering of spectators. The arrangments were of the most complete order, and reflected the highest credit upon the officials who had the matter in hand. The events decided on Friday night resulted as follows :

120 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (DISTRICT).—First prize, silver sugar basin,cream ewer and sitter, presented by Mr. F. R. Gossage, J.P. (president) ; second, pair of table candlesticks, value £2 2s. ; third, pair of silver- mounted carvers in case, value £1 Is. The number of entries was 27, and the race was run in five heats, the first in each to compete in the final. First heat, E. ' Williams, Sefton Harriers (scratch) . • 2nd heat, F. C. Reunion, Warrington Gym., yards; 3rd heat, T. Eloran, Warrington, 25 yards ; 4th heat, H. Peters,' Widnes, 21 yards ; sth heat, J. Cunningham, Warrington F.C. 24 yards. The final, -which was very interesting, resulted, after a dead heat between Bennion (Warrington), and Cunningham (Warrington), in a win for Bennion by a yard. TWO MILES BICYCLE RACE HANDICAP (DIsTRICT).— First prize, marble timepiece, presented by Messsrs. Elkington and Co., Limited ; second, cruet frame, with six cut glass bottles and mustard spoon, value £2 2s. ; third, writing cabinet, value £1 is. There were 14 en- tries, and the race was run in two heats, first, second, and third winners to run in the final. First heat ;1, T. Astill, Warrington, 55 yards ; 2, W. Jackson, Widnes, 75 yards ;3, T. [learns, Warrington, 40 yards Second heat ; 1, A. Dainteth. Widnes, 10 yards; 2, W. W.Lowe, Rainhill, 120 yards ; 3, D. Dalgleish, Widnes, scratch, and the final, which proved an exceedingly good race, resulted in W. Jackson, Widnes, winning by one yard from Dainteth, Widnes, second, who was half a yard in front of Daleleish, Whines. HALF•MILE FLAT RACE (Confined to the employes at the Alkali Works).-15t prize. walnutwood Wortley cabinet' (nkkel-mountedl, value £5 59. ; 2nd, leather kid bag (gilt mounts) value £3 35.; 3rd, handsome bread platter and knife, value £2 2.; all presented by the United Alkali Company. There were 19 entries, and after a stubborn competition J. Clibhorn (Golding Davies) came in first; followed by Peters (Gaskell Deacon's) 2nd, and G. Wright (Golding Davies). ' ONE MILE FLAT RACE HANDICAP (DISTRICT).—.-First prize, liqueur cabinet with games, value £5 ss. ; second, china salad bowls and helpers, valise £2 2g.; third, oak cruet, four bottles and spoon, value £1 is. There were 13 entries. 1, J. Bouch, Farnsworth Harriers; 2, E Gordon, Liverpool Barriers; 3,J. Kelly, Appleton, WIDNES CYCLE CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP (FIYR MILES).— First prize, Silver Challenge Cup and a Gold Medal. Challenge Cup to be wan twice in succession, or three times in all, present holder D. Dagleish ; second, hand- some carved oak instand ; third, gentleman's leather dressing case. Considerably more excitement was evinced in thiw item than in the previous ones, and the winner was loudly cheered as he passed the timekeepers for the Ia.!: time. There were eight entries. D. Dagl-ish came in first, and was followed by William Jackson,who was a few yards in advance of F. W. Franklin. Co Saturday th sivendance numbered about 3.000. The relltli'S Were as follow* :- 120 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (Oegs).—First prize, handsome centre piece with three glass dishes on ebony plinth, value £lO 101. second, gilt timepiece and baro- meter, wlb fnx head, value £3 3s. ; third, oak cigar cabinet, £1 is. First heat :R. tiromilow, Kirby, 114 yards. Second heat : W. Nixon, Dittnn, 9. Third heat : B. Rowland. Liverpool Barriers, 12. Fourth heat : T. Horan, Warrington. 105. Fifth heat : W. Walker, Shipley, and A. J. Mottram. Warrington. Mottrarn won. Sixth heat : M. Geary, Birkenhead, 12. Seventh heat : Charles Swire, Aintree. 114. Eighth beat : T. Cunningham, WarnngtOn, I.oi. Ninth heat : J. F. Kith!, Silford, 1.1.4 Final : A. J. Mottram, Warrington, 115; 2, W. Nixon, Ditton, 9 ; 3, B. Rowland, jun., Liverpool, 12, yard and a half; half a yard. Time 11 4-5 seconds. THREE MILES RICYCLE.—First prize. cabinet " Rcyal Games," value £7 74. ; 2nd, case of meat carvers (four pieces), value £2 24. ; 3rd, oak-mounted biscuit box, value £1 1.. There were 25 entries, and the race proved one of tlin most exciting items in the proceedings. A. T. Dainteth, Warrington C.C., 145; 2. D. Melia's, Whi- ne!: C.C., scratch ; 3, Mr. Jackson, Widnes C.C., 145. Three lengths ; five lengths. Time, 8 min. 45 2 5 secs. 1,000 YARDS FICRATCH.--First prize, revolving break- fast dish. two entree dishes and covers, value £lO 10s. ; second, four silrot salt cellars and spoons in case, value, £3 3a. ; third, handsome breakfast-cruet, value £1 is. The race was fairly even. Gordon gave up : 1, Henry Cullum, Harlequins; 2, A. Looney, Liverpool ; 3, G. Wright. Liwernnol. Eight yards; moderate third. Time. 2 min. 21 45 see. HALF MlLE.—First prize, silver sugar basin, aream OwPr. six 'ea spoons, and tongs, two butter shells and knives. value £7 7s. ; second, handsome plated salver, value 1.2 24. ; third, dram flask, value £1 is. Thirty- three entries. First : 1, W. Bailey, M.F. and C.C., 60 ; 2, A. P. Pone, Stoke V. A C., 40 :3, J. W. Fair. Warring- I too. 57. Two yards ; a yard. Time, lmin. b 8 2 ssecs. Too or WAR.—Six men (district). First prize. six Pairs of carvers, in caw', value 15s. each ; second, six' half-dozen sets tea spoons and sugar tongs, value 74. 6 i each. Great merriment was provoked by this. Gaskell Deacon's won in fine style. Captain, J. Tickle. Matz fIICITLE.—First prize, silver teapot,sugar basin, cream ewer in case, value £7 79. : second, handsome pair of fish Carvers, engraved, in case, value £2 24.: third, oak salad bowl and helpers, value £1 is. Twenty- six entries. Run in three. heats. First, second, and third to compete in final heat : J. McWatera, Hough Green ; second heat, S. Vicars, Burslem ; third heat. J Leather, Hough Green. 1. R. Newcombe.Warrington, 120 ;2, w. Jackson, Widnes C.C., 105 • 3,W. H. Bellian, Warrington, 130. Two lengths ; length. Time, 2min. 42 1 53pc. QUARTER MILE FLAT Racei.—First prize, handsome tea service on oak-mounted tray. value £7 75.; second, silver sugar hawin and tongs in case, value £2 2s. ; third, onyx inkstand,velue £1 is. Result :1, J. Robin- son, Warrington, 34 ; 2, F. C. Orchard, Liverpool, 32; 3, J. L. Rankin. Maghull, 33. MILE FLAT RACE —First prize, marble and hronz, timepiece and pair of vases, value £7 7s. ; second, oak Uqueur frame, value £2 24. ; third, sugar basket, value £1 is. There were 30 entries. A. Looney, Liverpool, ' came in first, J. 13ouch„ Farnwnrth, second, and H. C. Jeenrenand, Roby, third. THREE QUARTER MILE STEEPLECHASE.-1.5t prize, oak ease containing 81 Pieces of plate and cutlery, value £7 7a.; 2nd, six solid Silver tea snoons and pair of sonar tongs in ease, valne £2 2.1 ; 3rd date calendar, valued £1 is. There were 13 entries, and Francis, West Ches- hire, won easily. QUARTERMILE STEP.PLECITASE.—F. E. Francis, West Cheshire H. 90 ;2. B. Cullum, Cardiff „RAC, 35 ;3, W. Kelly, Liverpool H. 55. Twenty yards: had. At the conclusinu Major Wareing thanked Mrs. Ire- land Blackhurne for distributing the prizes and expressed the pleasure it had given the cfficials to have had her presence among them. A beautiful bouquet was then handed to Mrs. Blackburn.'. Colonel Ireland Blackburne responded, and the proceedings terminated.

.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET. •

GBO. G. MIMIC & Co., the leading Sports Manufactur- ers of London, 8. E., have published a moEt corn, lete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cz joke era Golfers I en- nisers. Croquet Playisrs and the like. If you cannot obtain a ropy from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co., as above. Winter Sports Catalogues ready in August.

WARRINGTON V. LITTLX LlNNEkt.—The first meeting of these clubs took place at Bradley Fold on Saturday,when the match was set apart for the benefit of Knuttcn, the senior professional attached to the Little Lever club. H. Hind took out his bat for 14, whilst an excellent contri- bution of 13 by Mr. Unsworth is deserving of mention. Score and bowling analysis :

LITTLE LEVER. ARRIvGTON. J T Tyldesley c Smith 33 Crosfield retired b Crosfield 9 W Mortimer b Penny 46 W Towler c Clark b Smith 6 Clark c Towler b Slmm A Smith c Unswerth b R Smith b Simm ...... 4

.. --.... -.-.. . - Crostleld Knutton b Smith U J T Pool b Smith H Clegg c Smith b Rates ... 33 B Connor st Simm b W Northrop c Smith b Penny Connor J Hallowes b Bates P.-nny c Clark b Bites 0 b Penoy A Simm not out l6 C 11 linsworth St Pool b G Ashworth b Smith G Hatton not out 1 Extras

Total ll4 Total 166 BOWLING ATALYSIS. _ _ _ _ ___ •

LITTLE LRVER. 0. M. R. W WARR/NGTON. 0. M. R. W. 33 Crosfield.-...10 2 31 2 Rnutton 25 7 48 1 R Smith 1113 35 4 Penny 25 8 57 5 R Connor 8 1 20 1 Tyldesley ...... 2 0 16 0 Bates 8 1 25 3 Northrop Bates bowled a wide. Slmm 5 0 16 2

HaHowes

WARRINGTON •. LITTLE LEVER (2ND ELEVENS).—This fixture came off at Arpley on Saturday. Warrington batted first (due to Mr. Fleming's continual luck with the toss who has not lost it once this season) and knocked up 185 for nine wickets in fine style. Score : WARTMCGTOI

LITTLE LEVER. Adamson run out 55 Feather b Si!cock .... ..... 0 Bibby b Smith 2 Smith b Bibby 4 Hampson b Hallows Duckworth run out 36 Ashworth b Bibby Crompton b Feather Brown a Hallows b Smith 47 Waters c Brown b Ashton 0 Si!cock b Feather 3 Li vesay run out Fleming lbw b Smith 7 Inglis b Ashton Evans run out 1 Scholes b Bibby H Ashton not. out W Ashton did not bat. Bibby Patrick not out Extras ll Extras - 3 Total (for 9 wkts) ...185 Total 6B

SANKEY WESLEYANS Y. Sr. HELENS CONGREGATIONAL . Played at St. 11-lens en Saturday. The match was abandoned after the Wesleyans' innings owing to a downfall of rain. Score :

SANKEY WESLEYAN& Clare c Marsden b Robinson Llewellyn b Robinson Tasoor a Crompton b Robinson Budlow c Marsden b Robinson W Bailey b Robinson Light c Robinson b Crom pton 4 Bennett lbw b Robinson Morrell b Robinson Watkins a Thompson b Robinson Cotterall not out Prichard not out 4 Extras . 2

Total

CAIRO-STREET UNITY V. Y.M.C.A.—Played on the ground of the latter on Saturday and resulted, in a win for theY.M.C.A. Score :

Y .M.C7 . It. UNITY. A Plekton c Monks b Shaw 15 Rudd b Woods 0 White 14 Shaw 2O Woods b Woods . 0 Woods c Monks b Woods Farquharson lbw b Woods 1 Monks b White 2 Jewkre o Woods b Bennett 17 Bennett not out l3 Gorst b Bennett Fletcher b Shaw J Pick ton b Bennett Wright not out 6 Rhodes b Woods 0 Roddy not out Page did not bat 0 Patrick run out 7 Extras 4 Extras lB Total (for 8 wkts) 82 Total (for 9 wkts) 54

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS v. BIRKENHEAD GROS- vENoR.---The return match between these two clubs was played on the ground of the former at Battersby-lane. Score :

ENGINEERS. GROSVENOR. Jamei Monks b Travis B Hackett run out, Ish Hackett h Travis l2 II Brown b Monks P Lawless c Brown b Jones 28 W Manning b Monks 4 8 Walker b Travis _ 1 J Brown o Warbarst b - _ .

_ S Howard c Lee bTr ivis 5 Lawless - .. ----' - 2 Thomas Walker b Lee l3 A Georg. b Monks 0 Joseph Genders h Lee William Irvine b Lee 0 J Evsns run out Thomas Warhurst b Travis 5 A Travis b Monks 2 G Hogg notout 2 R Jones c S Walker b Monks 0 W Owens b r awless J Lawless (sub) not out 2 Extras 7 Extras 4

Total 77 Total 34 SANKEY WESLEYANS 2ND V. Sr. LllKES.—Played at Liverpool-road, nn Saturday. &Pre :

- - ST. LIIKES. SANKEY WESLEYANS 2/(0. J Ray c Tonge b J Roderick 0 Booth lbw b 1 Armstrong 17 Roach b Booth 7 Rl,lot h W Ray l5 I eirmstrong run out 3 Jowelt b Armstrong WR,y h Booth l3 J Roderick c Roach b Mather b Both Whrlyarton c D Roderick b D Roderick b W MAY 9 Booth ••• 7 W Roderick b Armstrong 4 Bloomfield c D Roderick b J. Tonga b W Ray 9 J. Roderick 4 Highley bJ. Ray Lightfoot. b Booth Wright not out Birchall 0 J Roderick b _ A Cotterall not out ..

Both _0 R Armstrong run out

Extras. -4

Extras 3l

Total

Tot%l 136

Y.M.O.A. V. CATEO-ST. UNITE SECOND TEAMS —PlavPd on the grntind of the latter and resulted in an easy win for the Y.M.C.A. Scores:—

CA7IIO-.T. YMCA. White 0 Lnnt b Plerpoint 27 Senders b Dale l7 Rudd b Longdin Woods b Lonzdin Dale b Pierpoint 2 Longdin c and b Bale l2 Woke run out Wright c Longdin le Evans 5 Barker bWhite 2 Edwards b Evans Monks c Jewkes b Barker... 1 Plekton Jas. b White 7 Rhodes b Evans T anglev not out Knowles b Longdin 0 Dendy b White 2 Extras ll Extras 5

Totssl 62

Total

HOLT TRINITY V. BUCIIVEY-STRICRT S S —P:rtyPd at Flowley on Saturday. Scores :—Eloly Trinity 16; Buck- ley-stroPt 32

_.., . BUCRLTrY-STREET. 'HOLY TRINITY. a Pugh b Jones A Pugh b Jons Landers 1) Sfrddon Spruce b Jane, 4 Seddon b Ifinchliffe Hinchl ffe h Jones Addison c Cleffg b Jones Looker b JonPs 0 Clegg b F t,eeory F leech b Miller 3 Hesketh h F Leech 3 Leech bJ. ,nes Cook not out 5 Taplor b Princhliffe 0

Simpson b Miller line W Miller not out 2 Kendrick c Leech b Hinchllffe Extras 1 Extras

Total

Total l6

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. EMPLOYEES OF MAN- AGERS OFFICE. LivERPOOL —This arranged match came off on Wednesday It on the ground of the former at Battershv-lane. Sc•nre

C.L.O C.T. C. ENGTNCERS. W L Owens c J frackott b I'll 'Hackett C& b Ostes... 1 Hs rilson 0 LAwless c Coleburn b W H Oates b Harrison fl Oates W Carson b Harrison G Johnson b Monks H Taylor I) Harrison.- ...... 15 'rhos. Walker lbw b Oat's 3 n Connelly b Monks 0 J Harrison h Harman 6 Slonehonse h Monks... 0 $ Walker c Taylor b Her- (3 Welborn b Monks 0 man .............. 10 B Hinman b Monks 6 14 Hackett. c Taylor b H Coiburn c Howard b _ __Johnson _ 6

Harrison E Grace not out J Gralo.r. run nut I 0 Extras 1 Extras 6

Totsl. 9

Total 57

ST. MARY'S JUNIORS V. ARPLEY JUNIORS.—PIaYPd on the eround of the latter, and after an exciting game the match resulted in a tie. Score :

ST. MARY S. ARPLET. W Langles- b H Jewkes 0 W Dunn b Dilworth T Dilworth b 1) Dunn T McDonald b H Jewkes ... 4 W Hind c T McDonald b W niqby c Dunn b Hind... 13 Dilworth 0 J Miller c and bJewkes 1 L Dillon c Langley b G Mather c Worthington b Dilworth lO Hind 5 D Dunn b Dilworth 0 _ _

...... ~ —..-. I% Miller c Dillon b Dutton 0 H Dutton c Dilworth b J Connelly h W Dunn 4 Langley P Cohen e Dillon h Dutton 2 A Dutton c Mather b J FTcDonald b W Dunn 0 Dilworth 0 R Mather not out 0 W Worthington run out 5 E Roberts c Rigby b T McDonald 8 T Starkey not out 1 S Aukland c Mather b Langley Extras 7 Extras 5

Total B3

Total B3

HIGHFIELD TANNERY (RUNCORN) v. HALE BANK. played on Saturday on the eround of the latter. Scores : —Higbfleld, 109; Hale Bank, 80.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i_/

===== 0002601_18950720_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Eanuesrows v. Sr. HELENS RECS.—Played at Earles- I town on Saturday afternoon. Score :

HELENS RECS.

W Dennis c Aridißon b Gregory b Hudd eston Gro4ory 29 Robinson retired hurt 34 Hum.and c Leadbetter J Leadbetter b Huddleston 28

.., b Addison Miller b Gregory l2 W Shaw b Bell 5 W H Nokes b W Shaw ... 1 a" Crossley b Bell T Barker b W Shaw It Bell b W Shaw ll W Nicholl not out 3 H Alderson b Gregory 5 J. Addison b Huddleston F P Clare a Addison b 3 Makin not out

Gregory l4 It Harper C W Emmett b Gregory 0 W Huddleston b Gregory 13 T Mitchell not out 9 Extras 7 Extras 9

Total 119 Total 116 AMBURTH v. RUNCORN.—PIayed at St. Michael's on Saturday. Scores : AMMURTH. RUNCORN. Herbert Pearson c Tickle b Wright run out 7 Cragg Henry Pearson b Cragg Cottier a Abrams b Evans 33 Abrams C Herbert Pear- Wanderer st War der b son b Ransownbe l2 Abrams Grave b Abrams 33 Evans c Large b Rana- Astbury run out l5 combe 5 Largec B oth b Abrams... 7 Heath b Herbert Peason 6 Brown O Goile 0 Warder b Herbert Pearson 4 Liggett b Abrams 9 Cross not out 23 Ranscombe lbw b Abrams 2 Booth 13 Grave b Cottier 7 Riley not out 0 Cragg b Grave 6 Extras.. 4 Extras

_ Total 139_

Total 79

===== 0002601_18950720_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES kiN GA.MhS AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

The Warrington team signalised their first appearance against Little Lever by scoring a win by the satisfactory maj)rity of 52 runs. The Little Lever team was with- out their county wicket keeper, C. Smith, hut this was counterkalanced by the fact that Warrington were miuus the services of Lieu. Plomer, who has played so consistently, and W. H. Podmore.

The toss was won by Little Lever, and they were all dismissed for 114. R. Smith had by a very small frac- tion, the best average, for he took four wickets for 35 runs, and Bates three for 25. Croatiald and Connor also had a hand in getting their opponents out. The fielding of the Warrington team was excellent, and Clark was in fine form behind the wickets. Only three extras were scored by Little Lever, and one of these was a wide.

The Warrington team had little trouble in passing their opponents' aggregate, and some excellent scores were made. W. Mortimer came out at the top with 46, though what J. J. Crosfield would have done could he have finished his innings it is difficult to say. It is also gratifying to note that Bate put on the good score of 33. Bind made his re-appearance in the team, and proved that he is a very consistent scorer, for although he has been at the wickets four times. he has only been out

twice. --- The averages of the Warrington team have undergone some change this week. Alfred Clark has passed the century, while R. Smith who has been at the top for so long, is now third, Hind coming first, and J. .1. Crosfield second. R. Smith will very soon have completed his second hundred, and Crosfield is not very far behind.

Below is the present state of the averageg of those who have played in four innings and who have an average of four and over : times

innings not out runs average. H Hind J J Crosfleld R. Smith Lieu. Plenum Clark (A) Bites Wl4 Podmore . 7 E England 3 Callon ()Clarke W Wordsworth . 6 B I onnor

Mr. Fleming., the captain of the Warrington 2nd team has wonderful luck in winning the toss. He has won it on every occasion during the present season. As usual he won it on Saturday, and was thus able to give his side an opportunity of putting on 185 for nine wickets, towards which Adamson scored 55, Brown 47, and Dackworth 36. Little Lever 2nd could only raise 62 in reply owing chiefly to the splendid bowling of Bibby who took five wickets for 27 runs.

The match between Sankey Wesleyans and St. Helens Congregationalists had a very unsatisfactory termina- tion owing to the rain on Saturday. Only nine of the Wealeyans' wickets kad fallen, when the rain came on and stopped all further play. The second team were more fortunate, and succeeded in avenging a previous defeat at toe hand. of 50... Luke's in a very decisive manner by scoring 136 to 44.

The Cairo-st. Unity and the Y.M.C. A. had a tussle on Saturday, and according to the former the result was a draw, but according to the latter it was a win for them. According to the evidence of the umpire, however, the Y.rti C.A. were victorious owing to Patrick being run out just on time.

Laneashire have not been doing so well of late, there- fore,they were not expected to make anything approach- ing a record score just at present. They have,however, astonished everybody by establishing a record in county cricket. by scoring 801 in a single innings at the expense of S mersot. The bowlers of the western county have had very hard times of it lately for towards the close of last week, Essex scored more than 825 against them. The averages of the Somerset bowlers are, therefore, completely spoiled for the present year. At the match against Lancashire, nine bowlers were tried, which shows the straits which the Somerset team we-e put in.

The hero of the match was A. C. Maclaren. This player had not taken part in county cricket since Whit Monday. hut he has quickly made up for lost time alsd scored 424 fora sisgle innings,thus beating the Somerset team himself. lie has also established a recoril in first class cricket., indeed he has occupier/4y cm ished all other records. The Somerset bowlers must have Oven up all hope of getting him out,and when Fowler caught him it was as great a surprise to him as the Torr victory at Derby was to the two Tory candidates. Necdless to say Lancashire won with the greatest of ease. It will pro- bably be a long time before the new record is broken, and it is satisfactory that it is a Lancashire born man who has made it.

Below is the present position of first class counties : Sm.rev 9 Gloucestershire —1 Yorkshire Lanna‘hir- Warwiekshire Sussex 0 , otts —3 Derbyshire —1 Kent —4 Middlesex —l Somerset —5

===== 0002601_18950720_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING.

The match vrith'St. Aug-ustint's in the Liverpool and District Water Polo League has never heea thought of seriously as anything requiring an effort to uphold the honour of the local team, as the former ranks in emin- ence with Wootton who were defeated by 20 goals to nil. A comparatively second rate team was sent on Monday evening when the Warrington and St. Angus- tines players met in the Margaret-st. Baths, Liverpool, hut nevertheless a victory of 14 goals to 1 was gained by the visitor.. Nothing much was done but shoot at goal through which the ball was put by all the Warrington players with the exceptioniof the goal keeper. Both teams however proved themselves fairly matched at the dinner to which the visitors were afterwards entertained.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CFIIIROFIES-WARRINGTON.

woRICINGMEN'S MISSION, .BANK QUAY..

Special services were held at the above Mission on Sunday, in order to wipe off a small debt which has accumulated during the past few months. Mr. W. Brocklehurst, of MI ncheßter, occupied the pulpit in the morning and evening,and there were good congregations at each service. Mr. Brocklphurst preached two eloquent sermons, and they were listened to with great interest. A sacred cantata entitled " Buttercups and daisies" was given by the choir and children in the afternoon, at which s-rvice there was again a good attendance. The various pieces were very efficiently rendered and the soloists, etc., were Mrs. Joseph Monks, jun., Miss Ashley. Miss Florrie Rascal, Mr. James Baker and Mr. Samuel HAPS3II. The leader was Mr. J. Mills, and the organist, Mr. F. Atkinson, to which gentlemen great credit is due for the manner in which they had trained the singers. The connective readings were given by Mr. Joseph Monks, jun. The Mission bad been very tastefully decorated with flowers by Mrs. Ashley, Mrs. Joseph Monks, Miss Ashley, and Miss Hassall. The flowers had been supplied by Mr. Hipps at the request of Mr. A. H. Crosfield, sad after the services were over, they were presented to the Infirmary. Collections were taken at each service, and realised a 91.55.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL LANCASHIRE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

The annual exhibition of the Royal Lancashire Agricultural Society, will be held next Thursday, Friday and Saturday at Preston, and as the entries exceed the total of last year by some hundreds, there is every prospect of its being a success. The following are the particulars of entries of the various sections, the first number being the entries , at the exhibition at Bolton last year,and the second, the entries this year;—Farms, 11, 11; cattle, 169, 151 ; light horses, 290, 399; shire, &c., horses, 158, 146; sheep, 105, 91; goats, 64, 50; potatoes, 6,5; cheese, 45. 80; butter and working dairy, 56, 84; dogs, 195. 194 ; poultry, 463, 495 ; pigeons, 249, 250; honey, 56, 59 ; eggs, nil, 38 ; total entries of live stock and produce, 1867, 2053; number of imple- ment stands, 163, 187 ; total, 2030, 2240.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

SAD DEATH OF A CTrILD.—An inquest was held by Mr. Dobson at the Mulberry Tree Inn,on Saturday after- noon, on the body of Elizabeth Shaw, aged 18 months, daughter of George Shaw. The evidence showed that on Wednesday night, at about seven o'clock, Mrs. Tirzeh Shaw, the wife of George Shaw, wheelwright, left her house, 4, Bostock-st., to go to chapel according to her usual custom on Wednesday evenings. She had previ- ously taken her youngest daughter, Elizabeth, to bed, and had left her twelve-year-old son, Richard Turner, in charge of the house. The boy went to look at the child twice after his mother had gone, and had found it lying in bed quite safe. Some time afterwards,he wetif to look at it tor a third time, and found the child lilt ot bed, sitting upon the rug in front of the firegrate. He saw also that a bottle of carbolic acid, uncorked,was in the grate, the cork being on the fender. He scolded the chUd for getting out of bed, and picking her up placed her upon the bed. She began to cry, and then to vomit. Smelling what he thought was carbolic acid, he grew frightened and took his baby sister to a neighbour, who administered a dose of cod liver oil as an emetic. The oil had the de-ired effect, after which the child was taken to Dr. Willett, who likewise gave her an emetic, and ordered her to be bathed in hot water. The mother had ho' this time been sent for from the chapel, but being prostratSd almost with grief was not permitted by the neighbours to minister to the child's requirements until after nine o'clock, when there were all the appearances of much improvement in its condition. The same night Dr. Willett again saw the child, and also on Thursday and Friday. On the after- noon of the latter day, outward convulsions set in, and the child died at twenty minutes past four. No evidence as to the child being seen to drink the poison was forth- coming, but the mother explained to the coroner that she had hurriedly placed the bottle containing the acid, in the bottom firegrate on Wednesday afternoon and had left it there. It was corked when the child had been put to bed. She had used the acid to destroy insects which infested the bedsteads, skirting boards, &c. She ac- knowledged to the coroner, in a tone of deep emotion, that she had been careless in leaving the poison in such a dangerous place. She had at other times put it upon a shelf in the kitchen.—Sergeant Gosling informed the coroner that he had examined the body of the deceased that morning. He had found a slight discolouration on the lips and neck, and the hands were clenched. Hs produced the bottle referred to, and which contained a small quantity of carbolic acid. He had been informed by Mrs. Shaw that only a very small drop of the peison had gone from the bottle since she had used it on Wei nesday afternoon.—The jury thought they had no evi- dence before them to show conclusively that the child administered the poison itself, and accordingly returned a verdict that the child had died from convulsions.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT HAYDOCK.

NARROW ESCAPES.

On Friday afternoon soon after twelve o'clock, a fire broke out at Old Boston, close to Messrs. Evans and Co's private line, and resulted in the entire destruction of seven cottages. The cottages in question are of an old fashioned class, with thatched roofs.and are said to have been built upwards of 200 years. They belong to Lord Newton, and the gable end of a block of four comes within a few feet of Messrs. Evan's line leading to the Colliery. Recently the firm have commenced to run a small engine lup this line, to do the work which was formerly performed by horses, and it is alleged that it was a spark from an engine which set the roof of one of theicottages on fire. An alarm was at ence given,but before any service could be rendered the roofs of the cottages were in flames from end to end. Sparks were scattered on to the adjoining block of three cottages and soon the whole lot was ablaze. A Mrs. Owen who was just re- covering from an illness endeavoured to save some of her furniture, but she found it necessary to make a speedy exit, and with her three children had just crossed the threshold when the burning roof fell in, and the whole of her furniture, was destroyed. In another case a Mr. VValtnsley'was in bed slightly unwell, and in the con- fusion he was forgotten. Almost at the last moment, when the room was something like a furnace, his wife remembered his danger, and at great risk a policeman succeeded in rescuing him. An old man named Bradbury, a confirmed invalid had to be wrapped in blankets and carried from the burning house. A large number of workmen, and a staff of police under Sergant Bags, did what they could to subdue the flimes,but without avail, and they then directed their efforts to save another block of cottages, in which they were more successful. Mr. Barrett (Messrs. Evan's Manager) Mr. Beilly,Mr. George and other officials were quickly at the spot, and every effort was made to remove the furniture of the unfortun- ate people to a safe place. Many of them however lost the greater portion of their effects, and in consequence are put to much inconvenience.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
L. 4 LECTR 0 - MASS AGE

(THOMAS' SYSTEM).

CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS :- 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. H. TKOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS METHOD OF TREATMENT.

- ...... ELECTRO-MASSAGB, BLECTRO-HYDROPATHY, &c. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; eighteen treatments. -CURED. Mr. —, Liverpool, bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.-CURRD. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, &c. ; twenty treatments.-MUCH IMPROVED. Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele ; eigh- teen treatments.-CURED. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility-nearly well. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.- ALMOST CURED. Mr. —, Bootle, varicocele, mental depression ; eighteen

- , treatments—CUßD. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicooele, nervous exhaustion, &c. twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Full particulars on application. Free consultation. 11. H. Thomas, Specialist, 22, Lord-street, Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutic Agent, when scientifically

applied, acts as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVS, TONIC. THE EFFECTS ARE—

IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION

REGULATION OF BOWELS; IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF OF NR-

VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRESSION ; INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. --, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous exhaus- tion, loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments, FULLY RES I °RED. Mr.--, St. Michael's. nervous debility, chronic constipa- tion of years, standing, varicocelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered hopelesaiy incurable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FREE. One Resident Patient taken.

IL 11. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

,

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINEI; BEWSEY STREET. JOHN WALKER AND CO PROPRIETORS 0 v THE EXAMINER SERIES . OF vw DI? LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY WHICH COMPRISE TUE TVarrington 4- Mid-Clieshire lished Saturday morning. The district covered ?! so toying Paper comprises many populous manufacturing villages, and a large agricultural tract. ,tod.a HE Earlestown and Newton EXattlifier .0i blieried er' TGolborne, and Haydock .Reporter, PI, oire 661 afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lanes field. EXPAinert. plb-b. THE St. Helena Examiner and Preseot Tre64lY ifortbrs' published Friday afternoon. The district cnniPre 1114 r centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of th om. &C. after. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published fridgYtrist.aad It is the only Weekly Paper in .tne di' offers noon. It and cheapest facilities to adverttsers. the THE Widows Examiner' published Frideecheral° Widnes contains the largest number.? tesssicif Worksn:; anyn. ' town in the kingdom and is replevy an important centre of industry. t Id Auction, Education Wanted, To be Let, On Sa•e. ?toad Public Meeting, Berm, on Lecture, Bazaar, and ettbsselerted° Nol thtier abo'Adve papers Advertisements ntosee charge.exceptPaliamenr ali)lre '- K 4 I isg eti,,„ Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. "er wide columns,each column admitting more matt 1,73 oto columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserwil °loos, le tion of both advertisers and subscribers. ddition to giving the local intelligence of the,- eel. which it circulates, contains the general news of the W Price of each Paper—ONE PBNNY. PREPAID ADVERTISE2)-- 0 ed I'd One Charge secures Insertion of the underraentions tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINSI/ . WANTEDS, 6 TO BE LETS, } 18 WORDS, D'g trords' ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding OS One Three Weel'o4s., Words. Week. Weeks. Zs. m 18 Os, 6d, ... ls. 3d• ". 27 Os, Sd. .„ Is. 10d. •-• 45. Ocl• is. 3dod.. ::: Is, 6d. ••• 36 45 3s, id. '" 54 is. 6d. .- 3s• Id* These charges apply only to the classes mant specified below, and are strictly confiseSpaiSP, which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion 413,,,, cbgr PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will """ 1 by the Business scale :--: , APARTMENTS WANTED FlousEs Viraallsl3o y, . APARTMENTS TO LET DOUSES TO 1313 ' 1 sTr'og rf i ARTICLES LOST ITIISCELLANEOVS ,S ARTICLES FOUND MrscELLANeotTS g—spo BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL FARTNERSHIPS,,,,."',OI) BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS II 1 DOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS AC" Advertisers have thus the opportunity of 11. WIDE PUBLICITY AT A COAT' 11A..cto-gr pistri sto Advertisements received at any of the or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warringt°A. received for amounts under ss.

4 JOHN WALKER AND Co BEurSEY STREET. WARRINGTOS PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOO. PIJ° THE " LEVIATHAN Single Sheet, sft. 3in. by 3ft" 91°. ~ THE LARGEST IN THE DISTI" Jo n A MONSTRE PLACARD may be formed 131 - c umber M the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. all MAMMOTH POSTERS. ir V FL j. ATAMMOTHIPOSTERS. E A 014 .101 MAMMOTH POSTERS. Tus 300 S? roSTS° t MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced

Lvo-

===== 0002601_18950720_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PENALTY OF VALOUR.

---.----'"----...--"------

PRINTING! PRINTING ! THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," TONT GENERAL PRINTING DBFAg- pre ft Has an established reputation for gi'7,-,ii'Ll ole 0 or and Prompti Attention to the 6°° wants of all uu- a wor oafndevietsryfakeinlities for the production of /lie trill to the biggest,from the smallot tyParsPileplet kind—from " Matnmo i th " aro °5 dertiO the publieat mural which are etrictlY l'ircilolP° Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printiog businessit—even men.nat..tho ITowheeystfitnedndietr cioesn' pal of ---------1----

pAINSTAKING PRINTEn9 adr: sought for by business men who Stu-a t publi° , TO; in announcements which they 1,15/3 notice; as well as by Friendly Sc'ejet 1111',,;10'As Unions, Trading Associations and C 0 e the careful production of R y eports, 13416ti_end tor ; and by Musical Unions, Pastc)r%snged Conductors, for neatly and tastefully Ds, PROGRAMMES, 80010 OF Wu"„ WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, le' Pit Concliti°i'°,(l Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Frog-1101 , 111e° f°rco Soirees, Balls, tco. ; Rules for Friendly, oroperative Societies; Cr.icket Club Rules, Books, Note Readings, Memorandums, Work 1 Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards,

poilal°

1311 to• Old

0.00""'

... eil, Trade'tP

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, requiring Printing of any description, Are ,

-

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLA°S

----- S. BAZAARg PROGRAMMES FOR n sALEs _ PROGRAMMES FOu BALLS. PROGRAMMES Fos cONVEjt; PROGRAMMES FOR SO IR Ev-B T. S. PROGRAMMES Fott CONC:- PROGRAMMES Fog &c. Fga's PROGRAMMES FOR

,NvEltsAz

SPECIALITY: E 9 rElt " NVELOPES Fliom

BOOKBINDING! ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT PRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY

..--.----..-----

EXAMINER OF! ICE WARRINGI

1 I

===== 0002601_18950720_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Peet°

recliieste4

.>vriDS

005'

PRINTIjN:FLIONR CWO ALEER ANP lINIIpnn oIATTAItoNigs, FOPSI PAINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF R OtY',,,,,trAro- CNHTOINOGL FOR PRINTING R ABPDUsB,LIC C,,,, PRINTING FOR CEIURCIIES, PRINTING FOR criAras, PRINTING FOR MER00141:50.111051 PRINTING FOR I,°o PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFI " CES,_,,s, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURE, PRINTING FOR SOLICITO pRS. RINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS* PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS*, PRINTING FOR TRADESMP*.ftj, PRINTING Foll..'rs, PRINTING FOR FRIF,NDLY 50C1R1075,003. PRINTING FOR BUILDING S° ,00010 THE EXAMINEE"" WOEgS, 11001"

AftDl

''''.......

k If 3 o'B 1.1055 )0. 05'5 o's9' 01,51.0

===== 0002601_18950720_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAIL

26616:4051:11:4 4:4a rlit . ...1a..,a crrt 4:38711:183 51141ui .11:1113:...11:1:10:12::!! Altearant3 17 9 6 unla j 48i_ lalhe' .7el .1 4' bs .1 614,ctys lebPt 1: --,::10°r72y- '1 7i 1 4: d. 15,1 20 li 422, 511 , 8 Collinnt: tY 8, b 15 li 2,, 311, 5 bare 'ld '4e,`143,58 q 4 la day 1 1 44 a attrlestoAn se ,a4B, 55 .7 tlibur.47,9 45. okinahy, „- - 4°

--(usban, io 14 ton.(6 • ...IQ 4 4).1 9 0

,I"„Zgove G 1?0' 2 40 o e—,

I 0 °go Uret 10' 0, '5;t1111„,,5, a 3

t irr,'"„sYs el veli,— alla alt 31 0240:8tak411. ',:zrlrtli: 0 08:: o°B, ':, 1 ~ :SI: 6-:2 147Y8880. 1163"';r1,001(ii .46 , 16:85. 6601 650141, 15C 848,'178, 75C 8 18-4,s 435', .. Wig ..•:'

42'0Yisci4e5 ( L. W.- 12, 6 17, 251,k1-2 40 36 48, 53; 564 0. a

13 dgt 7 ,53, • 13;..2 2,8,8 4 46: 2 545 rrliiti 5 6 45 Bha,„ ODE lc, • '4CIaY - htia kblir ti;',E‘Ytt 8 tkpo ' 5 0°: 4 454,ekb00t5141 1:•16 45, 815 j st' to4_, 307° 811 4311 12';

o, ebo. 5, 11,1111,'_30 '428, 6`41 5,85'., .9

444%1 4nitt a

===== 0002601_18950720_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
, ter„2a.

$4; g;Z!

"L_uttav""laya' 24, tttow 2o 112 so 05 .1

2, e ''er too , 4, 8 2an.°44,11. 4r Su- !tori‘nr!cl'

10 4i'40ri;11..0 ttOil 541a16 Oh (i 43 6 I • 7 'l4ll Rpa cm hqU° 49,

*4,744, C5—t LI 4. 2461 k. tloia I,7i,cia4 go 11,46 0, 4et' k,Pl°nl a P. 10 t 4)42°,6 tea( 50, ;104 1.00 , 12 4,11 10 .55 $44114'43' 114'%3'31 14141154i'15rt514 k k"ttr , ( 0, 45, ° 40

fmtleL 4(.3 2 a eater klictet,_. 8 30, 17' 107Ater , 10 1,84', 63

tit ttavrt,,,.., ,•.8k 45 1 ,N1:411c B.

- 4.4 i, 64. 41 25

4 se "hei'ds-7‘ tv„,h..• 64. 51e5,._, ilk,. 3 soort t% sf 0, 4hei7,,Y• t , °, WI, 19 6 • Q 6 111 4 0.4„(I„ b 0,6

===== 0002601_18950720_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ItAILAVA.Y TIME TA BLE. JULY

FROM WARRINOTGN TO , Acton Brldge-7 10,7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15,5 316 '2O• Sundays 10 15 a in. ,Altear and ilillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 6 ' li 98undays 938, 25, 8 50. a Stops if requirect. sBirMingliam (L & N .-W.)*30,a3 23, 7 10,9 50. 12 0, 1 50,3 11, 15 79 4 . ..e .11 35. Sundays 30. 3 23,10 15,4 2G, 11 35. a Mon- 'aye onlv. *Mondays excepted. 4 alin 5' d)-6 14. 932, 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, , it dm ( ACM AR . 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. „ Blackburn-240, 5 45, 8 36, 955, 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 3 48, ,14, a 41 10 2. Sundays 843, 6 0. 11346'MA-5 20, 545, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 217, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. i'llt°ll---2 45, 8 25, 9 19. 100, .0 40, 14 14, 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, sumiays '740 a nt . 5 0. p.m. 2415r,3113351e-2 40, 6 20, 5 45. , 10 0, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 44011iSbester-730a. 7 42, 9 5, 1023, 127, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52, 3 17, c,1.64,7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, a.m. 7 45, •, a Mondays and Saturdays only. %,-,•••••ns Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5. 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55. 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. - eWe 2 35! ~ 3 0, 83 23. 710 8 28. 950. 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 1195 "1. 5 15, 72j, 11 35. Sundays 30, 3 23, 10 15, 4 23, . aMondaYs excepted Mondays only. 088 Bareabury--/ 42, 9 5. 12 15, 1 52. 3 17, 5 11. 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, 144Y48 thmerlo, (Midland)-6 14, 959, 11 55, 12 55, 320,50, 1153, k.a.a,Y3 11 45 ani„ 4 25 p.m. 3ri `,leltoan-5 45, lO 7 10, 825, 835, 1043, 12 7, 12 35. 115. ''' 49, 5 5, 6 23.7 8. 9 15. 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 8 43. 1 .27.47,9 45. *Saturdays only. 195 747'9 620. 956, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15. 'rays a 40 a.m. 945 p.m 320 44,1er 1 Ferry & Peak, th -7 38, 8 25, 943, 11 53, 2 5, p,6 17,80, 948. Sundays o 48., 2 40, 7 50. 74ialbairl-7 42. 9 5. 10 23. 12 15. 1 52,3 17, 422,511.64, a...10._14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. 1 iha (Cli shit:6 Linthl-7 12, 756, 831, 95, 12 0 , da 4 10, 40,e *Bl. 9°' '2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays 0,1.4. cSaturdays ex,lepted. Biltidag°W-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 13. Gni,Yl 2 40, a.m. 9 45. pkii...nae--5 45. 7 10, 835. 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays 110 a -4. 6 35. 7 17, 9 15 10 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. 80, 11° Ureen-7 12, Z 56.8 31. 95, a .30,120, 1 5,2. 10.4 0. 0, 11275°. 79, 80, 89 30, alo 20. Sundays 08a.turd;' 239, 2 li, 918. aMoudays and Saturdays only. r ir,_ 31 excepted. Bupdn and Cadishead (Central)- 70, 755, 8 16, 70, 915 11 494:,-‘'2*rcl.,,* 8 56,10 12,3 2J, 5 15, 935. ---a‘rom Arpley Station-6 2,0, 722. 80, 90, 9 58, 6, I 16. 338. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13. 18, a 7 45, .9 13 12 '.llOOl. Li, •''' ° 50. 3 8, 810. aSaturdays only. 7 10. ,x' s 5i7,348, 4 8 20, 8 3J. 10 5, 1278, 2 62078, 10 20. Sun lays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 . ,LI e,"' 6,45. From High Level Plattorm. "' '1 .15,3'? 2••••.•. (Prom Low Level Platform)-7 38. 8 25,9 43,10 10, 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 501, , 18641,9e''',.,1 (Cheshire Lineal-m(4 35. 530. 7 12. 756, _ 3_. 2 50 1035, 1030, 1050. 1150, 120, 12 50 .3 18 _2 a 7, . 38. 3 37, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 55 , 6 , 80. 8 50,9,, 6 9 20, 10 15 10 46. alllO, 11 310 '..5 ao, 90,845, 955. 1125. E 20, 2 39, 7 10, 830. 444 18, 10 33. altiacept Mon.tays. 182 2 °•rn, (1,•& ifi.-W ) -a3 0 6323, 735. 950. 1045, 120, ...1..,,,-,,".• 3 11, 5 15, 11 35: Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 20, 11 35. alladi,"°ll (Midland)-6 14. 959.11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. ...„3.. 4 2, li 411701, n-6 20.7 90, 9 58, 1049. 12 36, 1 16, 3 38, p.m. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 18. °WY, From A.rolor Station. .0, a 2,--ester (L. & .1.7.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 100,10 40, 12 14. .92. CC; 472.; 65. 7 17, 9 8,13 40. Sundays 2 45,7,40, a.M, 853 From High Level Plattor m. _ 4047e4-s"".er (From' Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-"5 20 9 55, ll:;46, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5, 9 1.0, 11 40. 0 ,•.Itt fi,,, ,••••• 35. 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. _ _ p- len e'er (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 155. 8 13, 8 55, 90, '55.7 - '5, 11 2.5, 11 55, 1255, 1 Sb, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 555 ,8,ar;44°.:155, 8 12,855, 915,9 55, (110 0, alll5, 1150, 11 57a. 56, 9 37, 1012, 35. 32, 515. 7 18, 855, 9 22, 8idd1......."' 10 0. aSaturdays only. 81s0rel",!a.„11-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. 1 7 50. 2 35, 5 35, 2O. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 100 w,t<4l-lvir.,,e 7 •+0 go - 1.6.w5-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35.9 I_6_, ,17, 9 .12 14, 12 35 1 158 3 23, 3 48. 421. 5 35, 6 25, '4, 508'66 15.10 10,1.0 20. 5UR,1205 2 45. 740. 8 43, a. m,, fs ' 7l3' 0, 7 47, 8 53, 923, 955. aMondays only, 83a1ur- -11s4• 12•8,7te--7 0. 7 55,8 16,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 1227,1 44,2 17,3 55, 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 350. 5 15,9 35. `4 3 240. 5 20' 545. 835, 955, 100, 1140, 12 35 4,6 14, 7 17, •-• c. 47, 102. Sundays E 40, 8 43, 3 35, 6 U llapm .8%4 rn--7 38, 825, 943, 11 53, 25, 320. 512,617,80, ZVIO 22*(ior Peoletll2-7 53, 95, 105, 11 0, 12 0, 15, , I:90%1 C,1.,.5 29. a 6 0. 70, 8.0. a 9 30, 810 20,10 46. Sun 1 Y 1 ord ` .5. 2 39, 9 16. asa.turdays excepted. bSatur' 85(10.4 (C.L.e., 55, - _(34idland) via Chinley and Dore Line I at. 1../ ,I`, 55, 1227 1 55, 4 ti, 655. Sundays 55 p.m, "48,5 seitas---5 25, 710, s 2), 830, 105 127, 14 35, 3 30, i 601ith' ° 20. 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60,9 45 • 14, _Port (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, -".llircra''' 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, only. 20,7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, 8_1(.745, 913. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- Is Wid --J' rroln Arpley Station, 4 lt, Wheadre Lines, -7 bci, 8 31,9 5,10 5,11 0,1.20,1 5, Oo 5 29, 60,7 6, 80. 9 AO, a 9 30, 610 2'. Sun- 7y, • * 26. 2 39, 91, aSaturdays excepted. bsaturdays i Wlri 83, ,4ell (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 825, 9 43, 1010, 11 53,2 5, 1,,.,• 12, 6 fl. 2 80, 9 48. Sun ys Bda 48 240,7 5O. 1,251.41- 40, - 3 eis s - • 3, 13. 8 33, 9 55, 1140, 12 35, 1 15. l& 69..9,43)0, 614, 8 47. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 2 40, 8 43,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTONFROM &ch.- 3 -u /3 Id •• 54cia t fce-6 30, 7 5 45. 8 2, 11 43, 414 753, 4 32 3 7,; 4 36, 6 44, 829 2Q a kii.l uuthouse-i 16. 7 18, 8 24, . 8L612,6,8 22. 9 54. Sundays 4 46:5548hau'l L. & ia7,..w,)_3 10, 5 50, 7 20,9 0, n 30, 12 15, 5 1314416, 1 25, 1115. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. 15644401WD t (Vidlan- d)6 5, lil A,- 6io '0 11 19 • 30 a.m., 420. • 518x- -850,12 55 "and!, - • • Sundays 4 , 8 50. 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 611-541,y,411a11,--8 30, lO 48, 135, 24, 313, 755, 1012. 1k44004•,64°. ~ 10 0. ,al, ,1 albet Road)--8 12 % 8 45. . 7 40, 1 35. _2 9 55, 1035, 3 5, 7 10, 0' 8", 58 15 8 40 20 i 55. 850. 55 9 55. 10 10, 2 0, 2 50, 480..791105',110 '35. 13 35, 2 20, 415, 513. 4 54164e,slundays 8 20 a.m., 6 10, 920 p.m. 404,1591 12. 5, 6 50, 8 40, 12 34, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 8 41. a ialener ~u Ilan.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 7 25, 8 45, 940 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10 035. 7 36, 8 35. 10 ..,. aSundaya 20. 630 ii.)-,•ris (1,.._ • P.lll. a waturdays only. -639 71b ii 42, 1.0 9, 12 36, 1 4, 1 43, 2 10 6 itnNe--.2 7 . i 47. 9 16. 10 45. Sundays 8 1 . a.m., 715. 5,0 54, 4 44, 6 0, 813. 920, 11u, 1110. 150, 2 35, 1 6ti'Z'e'burO 902°. Sundays 2 3.4 42. 7 10, 2 40.4 0. 9 12. C.° t 16, 10 17: 11 43. 2 47. 542, 813, 1037 a. i33IY---8 16,71307,tr41i.0 uut,ugdyo a87141L, 7 0, 83, a 1236 5,..5.443.%1N's 7 30,6 18, 6' s5O, 3 33. aExcePt IZTrihl:oy.. 420 Z la 60 3.6 59, 720, 848, 9 32, 10 13 11 29,12 35, ulO5O ~l, 10, 133, 323, 5 0, 5 20, 5 32 5 5'3, 6 30. 7 38, ir,44b . at 55. i •714,4(11%1411,-;10 20,82'V; 1.893140'. 9 Ss2l;nlclo,ty3s, 4600', 7a2.05.;199_21.7...3. & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43. 12 24, 2 17, .5 21 1„?tocl'i sa g s 7 '22-4.4da. -. • 55 854144 Ye 8 32' 2 57. 8 7. , 9 3, 10 2, 1127, 2 32, 4 7, 527,657,767 12 e4114,6(01'15./5 659, 7 16 p m. oSaturdays only. 021 • 11 • la 6,4aeshire Lines)-5 44, 6 27, 7 45, 9 0, 9 50. _lo_4o_, ..1' 61161;44 13, 3 5, 420. 456, 59, 566, 657, 93, :1-.7g01, Nvs 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51. 8 54. 10 a 0 5 55, 9 b. Sundays 5 50, 9 D. ~., , 44. 846 10 2.2 1228, 241, 636, 820, u '. ...kt -....-.4" • , 0 5,64 Q,e • 110 40, 7 b, 5'1,67, %5---6 40, 7 58, 8 25, 9 9, ~ 103,19,153,224,37,33 1: 4 5 3 159: ' 18, 1135. Sundays a , 920 I:k9s 1704,„e4(lishead (Cent ral)--7 38, 953, 5 4, 852. 11 20 20 ,1•44t,,,,4"u, 6 53, 8 35, 10 O. 45-iBll3, 840. 932 10.5, 11 17, 120... al 45. 213, 4. aa• ..• 6 7. 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 83.3. la.) tl•po.,laaturciaya only. bSaturdays excepted. 11,t,' It 3 , g 4 l liarlestown)-a2 35, 60, 80, 920, 11 50. t Pio- ~.ao 35, 8 35, 105, .0 15. Sundays 730, 920, • ZO -,7,1,..10,::' 7.° ,‘Mundays only. .Saturdays only. 820 95, 905. 1235, 130. 2 40. 3 35,4 20, 1115441160,1 -",. 10 45. Sundays 745. 2 10 720. 1045., 9 30. 20 4.(9entral)-5 35, 6 10, 7 25' 8 30, 8 0 1. 345:4130 11 30,11 35,11 55, 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 3 , 50 2 0 4 40, 4 bW, 5 30, 5 36. 6 30. 6 35, 7,Pt.,8-..9: alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays ,8 0, 9 UP 4 •,u 1 Sir4€lsl:l r/...'6 30.833 95,9 35. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b1..001,1130, 1 'O4 X.-W•)-5 15, 7 15.10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 0, 100 Pt .m.. 50, 100. 12 0. 41?1112 Bar, -4'145-51' 15 105, 120, 20, 40, 50, a 9 15 66,...‘0113 15, 129, a except Mondays 11S' 66 W`'S 832, 9 23,9 57, 119 1 11. a 1 3 7 . 2 6 • ..2 859 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19, Subdays 8 25, 4 45, 4.6, Qlest,4,, (13:5 l8,)nly. bSaturdays_ excepted. 70, 85, 9 40, 1125, litl115; 6: ,91,14 .25. 76,9 20, lao 40. Sundays 8 0, 950 On Riehange. allondays and Saturdays 140 20 1 tr , (Londen-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 1235, 414,14'6 6 An-' 66 5. 520, 6 5. 7 5, 855, 10 45. Sunday s .35 -,41.14 "s••• bSaturdais excepted. Co: jo aoter (Cheshire Lines)-- 7 6 48, 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 3A, 9466,30,'61°,,,45. 11 30, 12 30, 1245, 130, 230. 330 , 4 n 3. 6 58,7 30, 3 30. 833, 9 Si, alO 50,11 0. Sun- -259 ao.lo 40,1 40,20 2 5,6 40,8 15,9 40. a3EOO. , i4Ncliewieh4NsYs only. 37. 2 42, 61. 6.1157,3 20 9 50, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,448. l'l9alZ 4''''',llloare.-6 47 6 Si, 7 30, 8 42, 9 24. 10 9. 1123, ' 4 7. 4 58, 5 5. 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. • 1,4541:v., Sunda'ys 9.49, 10 0. 3 55, 7 20, 11 5. c94sur- ilayilste.„....l a t 0t,63, ii'Dl,.: 8 26, 9 0, 10 6. 1 9. 2 5, 5 17. 7 3, 9 16. Su 9112 , ". 32. 9 12, 10 13. u 7697-' b 3 36. b 50, 95, 9 39, 11 20, 11 28, 2 4,,..C. il 35, 10 47. Sundays 2 11. 8 35, 3 15, 6 Al I aM "9 .0,14 pt ,- ecP„ondays ex ted'. &Monday mornings only o. 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 258, 440, 540 .A. 146 ( 6- -, renketh)-6 51. 09 841. 925, 10 19, 1124. 1 41' 43. 7". 222. ' 40. 3 44, 4 20 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 934. Sundays 405%,1641(1/41,,8, ~1645 t.. jt" ttieto.ll;zllarapr,l)BylaB Chinley and Dore Line -11 0. 2 0, ' '4o': 165, C . a", 6 25. ' 7 0 8.28, 9 18, 955,01 15,125, 1250. 1 30, ft, '35 4 5 15, 610' 70 90, I.' 33, *ll 20. Sundays 604•}11114441" 6 65 b 5 -. ' 1 rly 44 .., 56 .- (Lord ~ • satur ihti 0,113;.r 0 3 5 re t) .5 10, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 215, 1 Ili.,l6.wcail . , a. 0. 93, Sundays 90. 25,80. aSatu,- a 74--. 86-1 8 36, 9 28, 1030, 11 13, 115, al 41, 29, 255, 045, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 4101,44640'4,, 4 ,Ids -W.)--- vs Only. bBaturdays excepted. 's,.e! • 5 ° 5 55 -7 t:,. 8 56, 9 33,10 33, 12 16.1 4, 2 _lO, Zillbe ' . 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50, 7 09, 4as.Bl,s:4(C2sheisshire Lines)-8 32,9 15, 109, 11 12, 12 25. 125, ,r 1 .9 7 012. 7 16,7 56.9 25. all 42 Sundays 842, els 944,44 "•• aOn Satur..la s only. 4.,.: 454 1, 3 5. „ _ y 3'. 8.52,,% 8 IS, 9 31, 10 10, 11 23, 12_1_5_. 4 10 30, Sne,t,,y, 241, 9 30 a.m.,b 55

COOLING AND REFRESHING are the effects o Row- land's Kalydor on the Mo.:laud hands of ladies and all ex- poeil to the h t sun and dust ; it prevents and removes freckles, tan, sunburn soothes and heals mosquito and gnat stings, allayatall irritation, andproduces a beautiful and deli- cate complexon. Itowwn's ,R.—Cools and refreshes the face and

hands. - RowLewn's KALYDOIL—Removes Redness and toughness. ROWLAND'S KALYDOR.— -Soothes and heals irrit,tion. KALYDoll.—Warrauted harmless and curative. ROWLAND'S ICILYDOIL. Bottles 2s. 3d., 4s. 6d., of Chemists. Avoid cheap, spurious imitations, which ruin the skin and orttplexion.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
44. Pu,,1119. ?VW-7 Y,O 12.

THE "BUSY BEES" PRODUCTS.

Few people have any idea of the importance of the products ot the " little busy bee." In the United States we learn from the " American European News Letter.' there are 2,800,000 stocks of bees, which annually pro- done 30,000 tons of honey, value 4,140,0001015. £B2B 000), and 5,500 tons of wax, worth 2,475,0001°1e. (£495,000). The latest figures for the countries of Con- tinental Europe show an annual output of wax of about 15.000 tons with a value approachihg £1,350,000. Of honey the annnal production is estimated at 80,000 tons, and its vslue at £2,200,000. Not a bad show as a result of " improving the shining hours."

===== 0002601_18950720_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY PREDICTIONS.

When the late Countess of Moray was twelve years old, and a Miss Lockhart, of Carnwalt in Lanarkshire, a gipsy foretold that she would have two husbands, and that just before her death she would pass through a newly-felled wood, and be drawn in a carriage by a pie- bald horse to the house from which she would never come alive. The prophecy was very strangely realised. Miss Lockhart's first husband was the Earl of Aboyne ; her second the Earl of Moray; shortly before her death she visited the Highlands of Scotland, and passed through the forest of Glenmore, then in process of re- moval, and on the following morning the coachman came to say that one of her four horses had died suddenly in the night, and that he had therefore borrowed another. It was a piebald onel She went on to Culloden House, where she was taken ill, and after a short time expired. It is recorded of the poet Dryden, by Charlos Wilson, in his "Life on Congreve," that having, strange to say, belief in astrology, he was careful to ascertain to the second the time at which his son Charles was born. He then calculated the I.oy'a nativity, and was alarmed to discover that evil influences prevailed in the heavens: Jupiter, Venus, and the sun being below the earth, and the lord of his ascendant afflicted with a baleful square of Mars and Saturn. He concluded that in his eighth year, and on the day of birth, his son's life would be seriously endangered if not lost; and that if he lived,the same danger would exist when he attained his twenty- third birthday, and again on his thirty-third or fourth. On the boy's eighth birthday, despite every precaution to keep the boy from every possible danger, he was nearly killed by the fall of a wall. On his twenty-third birthday he was seized with giddiness and fell from an old tower belonging to the Vatican at Rome; and he was drowned at Windsor while swimming across the Thames in his thirty-third year.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY DOES HE CARRY A CANE?

The subject of why Tommy Atkins carries a cane has been investigated by a correspondent of " Cassell's Saturday Journal," who managed recently to buttonhole a communicative private. " Well, it's this way," said the soldier. "When we've got something in our bands it prevents us sleuthing as a good many civilians do. I don't know why, but a swagger cane always make a soldier look smart. Who first thought of it ? I can't tell you, but drill-sergeants have always carried sticks, and they use 'em, too, and so does the drum-major. and I suppose that's how it came about. Or it may be that the smart look of the cavalrymen wit n their whips sug- gested it." "Do you have to buy your sticks ? " " Well, it depends upon the regiment,. Some regiments provide them. When a man joins he has a stick given him, and if he loses it he has to buy another. Of course he can give what price he likes, but if he's hard up the canteen caterer will let him have one for three- pence or so. Not many take up with these cheap canes, though." " What about the officers ?" " Oh, they have to have sticks just the same. The commissioned fficers of couree go in for expensive ones, and the non- coms, they choose good substantial sticks ; we privates generally like a light cane. It don't make much differ- ence to the regulations what stick you have so long as it's a stick ot some sort. When we go out—that is, in walking-out order, you understand—the guard would challenge us if we didn't have a stick." " Why not have a regulation stick 2" " Yes ; some regiments have sticks with the badge of the regiment on the metal head. We should all like thA t, and you may depend upon it we should stick to our sticks."

===== 0002601_18950720_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ADVENTURE WITH PIRATES.

Captain Raiford, with his ship, the " Eliza," recently had a practical demonstration of the fact that the high seas are not quite clear of pirates. While bound from Amoy to Hong Kong, the" Eliza " was boarded by about 200 pirates, headed by a Mexican named Alvarez. The crew of the " Eiza," after a stubborn resistance, were disarmed and confined in the chain locker, with the exception of the ca ptain.carpenter,and an apprentice lad. Alvarez shot the captain three times, first in the head, but the bullet glanced round the skull., then in the arm and side. The carpenter and apprentice took re- fuge in the foretop. The pirates left the captain for dead, looted the cabin and, after making a hole in the bottom of the vessel, departed,takbag Mrs. Raiford with them. Meanwhile the carpenter and boy came down the rigging and, releasing the rest of the crew, managed t get a boat before the ship sank. The captain was only stunned, and was taken into the boat. After ex- periencing some suffering for want of food and water they were picked up by the steamer " Venitzia." and taken to Hong Kong. As soon as Captain Raiford recovered from his wounds he disguised himself as a Chinaman, and, as he spoke the language fluently, this was not difficult. flis obi.ct was to find his wife. For three weeks lie travelled about, and at last found that she had been sold as a slave by the Mexican to a rich mandarin. With the aid of two English detectives he bought her back for £4O. Alvarez was afterwards arrested by the British authorities at Hong Bong, and tried and condemned as a pirate. Out of consideration for the fact that he had been an officer in the army, he was shot instead of being hanged.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE IN LANCASHIRE.

The following reports are from the July number of the " Labour Gaz-tt ;—ln Manchester and district cotton spinning continues moderate, but the mules are working more regularly, and at Macclesfield, employment is still good. The si k trade shows no decline, dressers, dyers, and finishers being fully employed. The improvement in the engineering tiade of Manchester and district continues, wi' h a small reduction in the number of un- employed. Brass founders moderate; braziers good ; the wiredrawers and wire-weavers of Warrington fair. The tailoring trade is lair, though in the whole sale department it has declined. Cape makers are busy ; ready-made mantle and shirt makers and water proof garment and umbrella makers dull. The felt hat trade is slack, only firms employed on ladies' hats tieing belay. Employment in the builciing trade is reported good in Manchester, and moderate at Stockport. The upholsterers report employment as good, and the Ca beet makers and coopers are busy. Coach-making in Manchester and Warrington is good. In the printing and allied trades letterpress printers re- port trade as bad, with five per cent. unemployed. Lithographic printers and bookbinders dull. In Steck- port printers are busy, and in some cases working over- time. The salt works at Northwich are still working short time. In Oldham and district there is no im- provement in the cotton spinning industry. Of the 20,892 spinners and cardroom operatives making re- . turns, 1,450 (or 7 per cent.) are receiving unemployed benefit. Weavers, winders, and ring-frame tenters are well employed ; twiners and reelers only moderate. In Stalybridge one mill is being worked three days per week. The engineers report employment as in derate. In the machine shops the workmen are better employed. Boiler-makers, Ironfounders, &c., are well employed. In the coalmines employment is only moderate. In Bolton and district the spinning branch of the cotton trade remains de- pressed. Employment is irregular, some mills being on short time, and 72 members receiving out of work pay as compared with 57 at the end of May. Weaving con- tinues normal. In Bury, the spinners, cardroom opera- tives, and weavers report employment as dull, few mills working full time, and many being stopped. In Chor- ley employment is irregular. In Bolton engineering has improved. Some departments are only moderately busy. Steel-smelting is depressed. In Wigan the en- gineers are busy ; the iron-rolling mills are working full time. Steel-r(elling is depressed ; smelters moderate. In Bury engineering is slack. Machine shops are busy. A slight imprevement is reported in the Wigan coal industry, most of the colliers working an extra day per week-. The building trade of Bolton is unusually active. Wigan and Bury are fairly good ; unsettled in Chorley. In Burnley, Accrington, and dis- trict the weaving trade has slightly improved, fewer looms being stopped for warps, but in the Blackburn district several weavers are unemployed, owing to the stoppage of firms. The sateen trade is worse again. Coloured goods contibue fair. In the spinning industry there is little change in the Accrington district, although full time i 3 being worked. In the surrounding localities few men are totally unemployed. In the engineering and metal trad;3 machine making continues good, and turners, millwrights, !cc., are fully employed. The building trade continues good ; calico printing and dye- ing fairy good.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH POLITICS.

(BY Mn. H. WHITHAM.) Certainly the unforeseen does happen. A week ago I saw in an English paper just received that "the rumours of an almost immediate dissolu- tion of Parliament, are not likely to be verified by the event." Several days previous to reading this the telegraph had announced to all the world the fall of the Rosebery Government. and the conse- quent journeying of Salisbury to Windsor. The fall of the Liberals from power has seemed for weeks past to be imminent. That it would come about by a scratch vote did not appear so certain, neither party liking the idea of rushing into the turmoil and excitement of a general elec- tion just at this time. And yet so long as Mr. Chamberlain remains a bird of prey, as it were, ready at any time to fall upon friend or foe, he will be the dark horse of politics. T.he orchid must he in its fullest bloom and splendour at all times whatever else may fade away. Salisbury and Balfour have had an object lesson j as Gladstone and the Irish had before them. And yet there may be some hope for the people out of the heterogenious atoms out of which a Coalition Government will be formed. All Union- ists are not Chamberlains. Some among them have shown during recent months their utter inability to carry the Tory gag quietly. In the framing of a policy honest men will not allow the bugaboo of disunion to frighten out of their heads all mention of measures necesary for the peace and the per- manency of Great Britain. So it may come about that the staid and steady Tory whose only policy is "do nothing" will have plenty oflopportunity to do some " kicking " as a result of which maybe the Liberal Party will gain its own, and Chamberlain will have time for studying English politics as they are in this latter end of the 19th century. Reformers have, all through the ages, fought and shed their blood for the freedom of man. The liberation of his mental activities has, within our days, been accompqnied, or, has been coincident with the demand for equal representation, always keeping in mind the tact that fair and equal taxa- tion could only result from the breaking of aristo- cratic and plutocratic legislation. What can a workingman expect from a Salisbury—Devonshire —Balfour Government, with the unknown— quantity thrown in as a menace? Europe and America look for great things from the new Government. Germany and Russia hope to be aided in their schemes of repression. A Liberal Government in I+ ngland is dreaded by these patern- ally governed countries. They know' and do not hesitate to say it aloud, that the work of the pro- gressive party in England stands out clear and definite as an object lesson to their dissatisfied sub- jects, and causes them serious trouble ; therefore, they hail the accession to power of the Tory party with joy. Germany with America now looks forward with some hope to a monetary conference, the former country not hoping much from an international talk on the matter, but seeing clear that something must be done to pacify the Irreconcilables. The latter country looks to a conference with the keenest interest. It has silver to sell and looks to England for her biggest customer. The apprecia- tion of silver would, America thinks, take her at once out of all her troubles. The double standard is all the talk here in the West. It is not so much so in the Eastern States. During the past three years as much mud has been slung at Britannia as ought by this time to have completely soiled her fair form. And yet what is the position ? Eng- land maintains the single, monometallic, or gold standard. Until now she has seemed to prosper with it. From the sheer force of circumstances, I suppose, the other countries have also had the gold standard. History records that at various periods changes have been made, and the bi-metallic, or gold and silver standard was tried, but the encour- agement was not sufficient to continu3 it, and so the single standard was reverted 80. The conse- quence of all this has been, so it is alleged, that gold has 80 appreciated, or risen in value as to cripple all trade, and thus bring about the everlast- ing labour question. It is very likely that what satisfies London mer- chants and money brokers is not the right article to satisfy the hungry millions. I grant thia,but I also assert with Sir M. Hicks-Beach, who in the recent speech at Bristol, said.:—" He thought those mat- ters on which were based party politics and on which they differed of great moment, and so they were, but he would venture to tell them that a mistake in dealing with the currency in this country might bring on as much ruin to Great Britain as any political change in contemplation at the present time could inflict. Therefore be was surprised at the facility with which many gentle- men, who, he thought, had not studied this matter more carefully than he had done, pronounced their opinions for or against monometallism or bimetal- lism as if they were able masters of the subject." how, this is an honest statement of the case, and should the Tory candidate at the coming election claim to stand on a double standard platform he will claim what no Tory Government will at the present go in for. There is an anti-silver sentiment in London the Tories will respect. . . _ - .

Sir Charles Lilke speaking' recently said, " the Liberals succeeded in winning the hatred and opposition of every interest that was threatened without satisfying the masses, in whose behalf the reforms were proposed." This, perhaps, is the ex- planation of the fall of the party. The statement deserves close study from the workingmen, because such a studied sentence could never be ' lormed as the reason for the downfall of a Tory Government. In other words, it weans that the Liberal Government has, in its anxiety to benefit the toilers antagonized the wealthy classes, and now the rich monopolist hopes to have a govern- ment that will protect his wealth from all socialist schemes. That the Liberals would have done some- thing towards satisfying the toilers had it not been' for the steady majority arrayed against it in the Howe of Lords and the existence of a powerful faction in the Commons goes without saying. It! is very likely that before these lines are read a; Conservative policy will have been put before the county and that a general election will be in full swing. As yet no indication of what that policy will be has appeared beyond some milk and water legislation for Ireland, which may not be accept- able to the new Irish allies of the Tories. The Redmond party may decrease in strength, and as they do so, the Salisbury indifference to Ireland's grievances will increase and so the fun will go on merrily. The Liberals commenced work with a tolerable programme. It may have contained too much, and they may have here accomplished too little. No doubt such startling propositions as the abolition or reformation of the house of Lords, Home Rule for Ireland, the further extension of the franchise by means of reformed registration, the political emancipation of women, the abolition of state churches and the confiscation of their revenues for ' national purposes, and the control of the liquor traffic, are measures enough to frighten those who think things are best as they are,but certainly the I.L.P. and reformers generally would have been pleased to-day had such measures been now on the statue books.

Socialists, I.L.P's and all who take an active inter- est in measures tending to ameliorate the condition of the people will do well at such a juncture as this to study out for themselves which way tneir vote ought to go. For myself 1 have given over hoping to see anything politically good come from tbe people. The stream of good things will nave to come down hill; we shall never make it run up hill. Political self-sacrifice is not a characteristic of the people ; therefore we must make use of the materials we have at band.

June 280, 1895, 27f-13th Street, San Francisco.

PAINFUL TRAGEDY AT JARROW.

At Durham yesterday Eliza Urquhart, 54, was in- dicted for murdering her husband at Yarrow. The de- ceased was bed-ridden and a great sufferer, and as a son who had supported them was out of work and was unable to provide for them, Mrs. Urquhart, with the husband's knowledge and sanction, to put him out of pain, gave him some rat poison, which killed him in fifteen minutes. She afterwards endeavcured to drink some poibon herself, but was prevented. The jury found her guilty, but decided that she was not responsible tor her actions, and she was ordered to be detained during Her Majesty's pleasure.

THE EXAMINER, SAT URDAY, JULY 20, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
liEaL

CARTER'S LITTLE --R PILLS.

table.

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Conydlexioa, and Sick lietsda,clics promptly: and cure them so a s to stay 910121450 a ks Itt4.

dEAU EIFUL TEETH nil NOII ite chilly on the tooth brtoot it _tow drop:, U.

SOZODONT, the pleasantest 4entifriee in the

world. Cleanse the teethlind spaces between them as nothing else i wil. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT, 2s.M

LIVE. Small Plll. B, small, Doss. fox Sroal) i.e. • ~P4r41.• I TILE lrty ,r 444. E: - S •

===== 0002601_18950720_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH

:MPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER.

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE mixt' URN. The ms t powerful and effect;ve on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Wilt not Injure the moat delicate. rrie, 78 6,1 (Strongest us bottle). rost free td extra. HERBAL I3STI LUTE, lA, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, Send at once sta., ped directed envelope tot rarticulara and proofs. I will f,rfed E,OO tor every teatlmontal that is not ne nine, r.nct they can be seen at, any time.

^

===== 0002601_18950720_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE IRISH LI EN.

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISIIVKAVTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozeli ; made special to patter% 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all puNe flax, 4id. per yd. Real' Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Hackaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS) FOR SUM ftl ER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldPsutr; opl .1 eaUsleissuarypassi f feodr forS Ladies't re nogr tGhe, nDtus ,rawb,ei ty, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. 11.. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND

===== 0002601_18950720_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST)

W ITU a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple foim. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGEESTL-mi, Scc.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
It "VP ft 0 14 'lhll3 .;:e

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, 80e.

IVlanufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD —STREET; LCNOON.

NO STABLE IS COPVLETE WITHOUT 2,

\

EILWANI

For Sprains*Curbs, and Splints when forming. For Over-reaches, Chapped Heels, Wind Galls. For Rheumatism in Horses. For Sore Throats and Influenza. For Broken Knees, Bruises, Capped Hocks. For Sore Shoulders, Sore Backs. For Sprains. Cuts, Bruises in Dogs. For Cramp in Birds. Indispensable in any stable, but especially the stable of a Master of Hounds. HA DDINGTON, Mester of

SPEEDILY CLDIES HETJMATISM,

SILVER' 0' L

PCZMIA, WOUNDS. uLctins, BAD LLGS. rMAINS. BRONCHITIS, Song TH itOA C. NFURALOIA,

A HELPING HAND Is extended to all sufferers from Nervous D ebility, the Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sight, Bladder, 'lravel, Kid- ney, Liver Complaints, hild all Diseases of the Uginary Organs. A Mii.ister is in possessi, n of i& GUARANTEED. .REMEDY,

1101TLES, Money Sole Agent

, THE CHEAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION, wh;ch has cured many thousands of sufnreia from these fatal diseases, and be will send it Free of Charge on receipt of Id. stamp for postage. Write to the Es:y. DAVID JONES, Eay Villa, St Ann's Crerlsent, Lewes. same this Paper.

For Home, ,RNESS, complete set,£,, . 35.; Cob size, £2 t6s.. Pony , ...,2 IOS.; •YONKEV HARNESS, Li JOE. HEAVE CART HARNESS, LE i3S. 6d ; Derni.hogskin RIDING SADULMS, complete, Li 55._ Al I Rent on appros,al. Illustrated Priv' lisla Wit I "gt ei*PbSetbab 10 JAKILMIN., N 014141AS*.

Fre. from pain in 5 minutee sAlefied. Try a bottle. 'STON, CHF:min. RUNCORN,

•. _ •,,•• •,''

'ReirDox; , 1!. r•-turrc...l J. !:

ADDLER BNESS &c e.00:011i1111,1111J,Jther MarkrtS.—CAß HAR'' ,£3ó,. (A.' Go H ti.S, full site. f 3 ,/te:l- DOr •

, ire*, .

IP

•

1,143 300 VOTERS. vote for BROOK, BONDS' TEA by drinking very day. The indeed is •• Local Option " aye, and ilatiOnal option, to). The preyOaderating public opin- ion to ravour of our Tea is the nearest approach to " popdlo,representative control of the liquor Critic." An it ra a very gratrtyrug tact that uu e firmest nds are the mo,t hard-woraing amongst the teem- g mildew, of the north and Midlands. VOTE FOR BROOKE, BONDS. " Why ?” Because Our Tea has done more than ony other drink, or teaching, or Act ot Parliament, during are last few years, to make lingland temper- ate. Our lea has done it, to.), inniny by the gentlest, quietest, and, yet, most convincing persuasion, sad critiaout toe wightest el:Wined:ill:lent on the liberty or free-will of anybody. bo ic's a national benefactor. Yes, IittOOKII, BOINDS' IRA is indeed a ruarydlous Power, and you can buy a quarter-of-a-pound of it for 4, or 5, or 6 pence, [root anyone of our many thou- sands of Agents.

- BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LD THE LANCASHIRE THA WAREHOLIShd 17, PICCADILLY, 29, OIARICILT STREET IIiASCIIRSTBR

===== 0002601_18950720_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
victor. tettero to

.A. WORKING-3IAN'S VIEW OF LIBERALISYL Sir,—If you think my epistle is worth a place in your valuable paper, and it may persuade only a few Liberal voters to remain strong and stand true to the noble cause of Liberalism,l shall be glad. Well, Sir, when I was only a boy I began to take an interest in politics and saw a great difference between the two great political parties. Being one of the toiling ones, I wondered which party cared for and sought the working-naan's interest the most. There were then a number of measures presented before the country as the respective politics of the two great parties of State, the Liberal party pressing forward the wheel of progress, and considering the wrongs and dis- abilities, and grievances under which men were placed. It did not take roe long to see ray best friend ,and I soon became a confirmed Liberal, and have many reasons for being so. I have lived long enough to see not only the Liberal party advocating the working- man's cause and his interests, political, social, and rel- igious, but also accomplishiug much on his behalf. I need not name the measures which have been passed this last 30 years, for they are well-known. I remember some years ago Mr. Jacob Bright, M.P., giving an address in the Public flail. lie said be could 'sot understand a working-man being a Conservative. Neither can I. If a man will read history and think for himself and be honest to his conscience he cannot be a Conservative. By reason of my environment lam a , Nonconformist, and the people called Dissenters suffered , long under the yoke of oppression and tyranny. I find , that the Liberals have passed, or caused to be passed, roost of the laws which have contributed to the peace arid well-being of the working-man, thereby proving beyond question the fact, viz., that they are the best friend, of the working-class. . it the same time, working-men should ever remember this, that the Tory party have always opposed with great determination the passing of all these measures into law. The Tory party have always been on the side of oppression and tyranny. We Liberals need to unite our forces, and do our utmost to again press forward those great measures of reform, contained in their policy,. Mr. Uladstone's advice must be carried out—we must not be devided. Roping and trusting we shall see our wishes realized.-1 SIM, yours truly.

P R OGRESS.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
- THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The "Things Heard and Seen" this week are with I regard to the electoral battle now being waged in ' our midst, for it is the topic which eclipses all others at the present time. That the Tories are mak- ing a desperate effort to wrest the seat from the Liberals there can be no doubt, and they are buoyed up with hope through the reverses the Liberals , have sustained in other 9arts of the Country. Run- corn has usually been considered the stronghold of the Lib' al party of the division and it is here that the Tories are fighting desperately. One of their cries has been bad trade which is attributed to the Liberal Government. This has been a catching cry throughout the country and has no doubt had a great deal to do with the success of the party who have issued it. But probably no one knows better than Mr. Ward himself that governments have very little effect upon trade, and further, he knows, or ought to know, that long before the Liberal Government came into power in 18n, trade had been on the decline.

-- Sir John Brunner at his meetings has favourably alluded to this mendacious Statement of the Liberal Government being responsible for bad trade, and as a business man his words are worthy of con- sideration. He attributes had trade largely to the rash and extravagant speculations of Messrs. Bar- ing Bros. The crash of that large trading house in 1800 (when the Tories were in power) he affirms, caused everybody to sell securities in a great hurry; the stock-markets came down with a rush and everybody felt insecure in business, none would go into speculation, and everybody called in all debts it was possible to collect. This seems a more sensi- ble explanation than to foist the blame on any Government, and Sir John Brunner's question as to whether the Tory or Liberal Government could be held responsible for reckless trading is a nut which the Tories will find hard to crack.

But there is another remark regarding the trade of Runcorn which needs to be dealt witn. It is one which Mr. Charles Reynolds made at a Tory meeting in Runcorn. Now Mr. Reynolds says he is a Liberal Unionist and one would think he would be more likely to speak upon Home Rule than upon a personal matter concerning Mr. Brunner's works. They must be aware," he said, "that the company Sir John Brunner represented had knocked the bottom out of the trade of Runcorn." Ile was referring to the alkali trade which as everyone knows is at a very low ebb in Runcorn. This remark was followed up by Mr. Hornby Lewis who went a little further—or at least went on to explain what Mr. Reynolds meant. He informed the audi- ence on Wednesday evening, that it was owing to the competition of Messrs. Brunner, Mond and C.)mpany that the United Alkali Company had had to discharge a large number of men at Runcorn. Now the question naturally arises, if that is so, why did it not occur when the works in Run- corn were under private ownership? There was no lack of work then at the Runcorn works and the same competition had to be met. There seems only one conclusion and that is, that the chemical ring have raised their prices to such an extent that they have been cut out of the market in many places. The experience of the Runcorn people regarding the United Alkali Company has been, up to the present, that they have not much to thank them for.

The meeting on Wednegday evening at which these statements were made was not one upon which the Conservatives or so-called Unionists could congratula*e themselves upon. The best feature of it was the speech of the candidate who stated his claims in s fair and straightforward manner. But the vote pledging the meeting to support Mr. Ward was very doubtfully carried, in fact to an unprejudiced onlooker it seemed to have been lost.

The Northwich polling (lay is on Wednesday next and that day must see the Liberals win. They have the best candidate, the most complete or- ganization, the canvass augurs well for success,and all that is wanted to ensure victory is a hand of voluntary workers who will put their shoulders to the wheel end abate not one jot until the closing of the poll. There most he no half-heartedness about it, because there has been a big majority before— Derby roust, be remembered and care taken,that the same result is not repeated at Northwich. "so let's close up our ranks, show firm front to foe, For faithful and true is our Member ; Let no Tory lonk in, hack the Tory most go, For faithful and true is our Member. She!l we give up Northw3c;l? Ten tlrroand times no ! Let's add to our number and mak“ it to glow For all time as a beacon, the Tories to show We're faithful and true to our Member.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RELSIiY.

SUDDEN NATI:S.—Mr. Churtont coroner, condncted an incrlirT at !geisha'. on Saturdav, rel'atiy,, to the dPath of Harriet Butler, 36 years of age, wife of William Henry Butler, of !IPlitiy, who waa found 43ead on the kitchen floor at 5.30 p.m. the previous day. After eiidence by the husband of the deceased, and medical testimony, a verdict of " Natural names " was returned.

Many years ago in Scotland capital punishm,nt WAS by clrowninß. CALL r Writo for*, pnir of TOM TAYLI,II'q 64. lid. or Fti. 6 L4DIR4' livrr's S'arrx Boors or eitor4, *Vet frce.-5 Manch rrter-street.l3 r.rpool.— ddrt.

EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

NEWTON RACES.

The annual race meeting at Newton commences 1 to-day (Friday) and will be continued on Saturday. All the works in the district ceased operations on Thursday night and will remain closed in the case of the Vulcan and Viaduct Works, until Tuesday morning, in consequence of the election on Monday.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CEANGES.

In connection with the proposed augmentation of the police force in the Newton district, PC. Clarke, of Birkdale, has been promoted to sergeant, and removed to Earlestown. It is also expected that two or three constables will also be drafted here.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION CLASSES. _ _

The following results of the examination in P.P. and Solid Geometry held in connection with the above classes have come to hand :—Joseph Bailey, 11. Crampton, W. Edgar, H. Edington, T. Kent, W. Stephens, E. Pass. 11. Chandley, J. Drummond, F. Hulse, W. H. Kenning, F. E. Manning, W. Pilling, J. F. P.eade, G. Randall, H. Starkie, W. M. Stephens, J. Swift, J. Wilson, W. Wright, Pass. E. Crozier, J. Evans, W. D. Johnson, J. C. Seddon, E. Fair. BOWLING HANDICAP. On Saturday last a handicap at bowls was played on the Institute Club green, for Mr. E. T. Evans' annual prize. There were 34 entries, the first prize being secured by Mr. T.Compton. The second prize, an umbrella,was taken by Mr. James Bedworth,and the third prize, pipe and case, by Mr. W. Tarbuck. ' The prizes were distributed by the Secretary, Mr. James Allen, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Evans. EXCURSION FROM HA.YDOCK. The annual excursion of Messrs. Evans and Co.'s employes, took place on Saturday. Four long trains, containing altogether something like 3,000 people left Haydock at various intervals between six and seven o'clock for Blackpool, which they reached about nine o'clock. The excursionists im- mediately dispersed to enjoy themselves after their individual inclinations, and the day being fine,they had a most pleasant outing. They returned home at various times, the last train reaching Haydock about two o'clock. GOOD TEMPLAR/4. The usual weekly session of the Hope of Earles- town Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co- operative Hall, on Monday evening,when there was a very good attendance of members, Bro. Wilson, C.T., presiding. Bro. E. Newman, L.D., reported on the monthly session of No.. 1 Convention held at Leigh on the previous Saturday. Several other items of business were transacted, after which the programme of the evening was proceeded with. A very interesting selection of songs, recitations, and dialogues was rendered in a very satisfactory man- ner. On Wednesday evening a party of the mem- bers numbering 32 proceeded by train to Tranmere, Cheshire, to pay an arranged visit to the Gleam of Sunshine Lodge—the largest Good Templar Lodge in the world. The visitors arrived at their destina- tion about 730, and were heartily welcomed. After 'being entertained to an excellently-served supper they were introduced with honours. Bro. George Clarke, P.D. Co..presided,and was supported by Bro. E. Newman, D.S.J.T. Bro. W. Wilson, C.T., Bro. Sergeant Roberts, of W'arrington, and Bro. T. Pool, D.O T.,other offices in the lodge being filled by visit- ing members. After a few remarks from the Chairman, an excellent programme was gone through in a manner to call forth the hearty appreciation of the large audience present. Solos were given by Sisters Miss Roberts, Miss A. Newman, NI rs. E. Whitty, and Mrs. Willis,and Bro. W. 11. Crowther; recitations were given by Sister R. Warburton, Bros. W. Wilson, and J. Hopkins,and a dialogue by Bros. W. IN ilson and George Clarke. Bro. W. Willis who accompanied the soloists very efficiently, gave a splendid rendering of the March (piano) " Siege of Paris." Bro. Sergeant Roberts gave an earnest and encouraging address. Hearty thanks were accorded the visitors for their e cel- lent programme, and Bros. W. 11. Dale and E. New- man briefly responded. The meeting' then concluded the visitors arriving home safely about 12 p.m ,after a very pleasant and enjoyable outing. DISTRICT SCHOOL.—PRIgH DISTRIBUTION. The annual prize distribution took place at this school on Friday last—additional interest being taken in the proceedings from the fact that the Hon. T. W. Legh spared a short time from his electioneering campaign to attend and present the prizes to the scholars who had been fortunate enough to win them. Prizes are awarded for attendance (all who have not been absent more than one half day in the course of the school year being entitled to one) and for merit in the different subjects taught in the school. The large number of 951 in the mixed department alone, had qualified for an attendance prize. In addition to the above prizes Dr. Flandysids annually gives two special progress prizes for which there is keen competition. Alice Bailey and Herbert Walton had the good fortune to become the receipients of these on Fri- day. It is worthy of note that 225 children attended school 400 times out of a possible 433—an abnormally good attendance. Punctually ut two o'clock the Hon. T. W. Legh, accompanied by Dr. and Mrs. Handyside and Mr. C. B. F. Borrrn, J.P., entered the school and was received with a round of applause b the children assemberl. There were also present—the Rev. T. Ti. Matthews. the Rev. W. W. Kaye, Messrs. Att field and Peaks, Mesdames Peake, Robinson, and many others. Dr. Handyside, in a few appropriate words introduced the Hon. T. W. Legh, who, previous to the distribution, congratulated the winners and spoke encouraging words to the less fortunate. Ile said it afforded him great pleasure to escape from the din of electoral strife to engage in so pleasur- able an office. He was delighted to learn, from the testimony ef P.M. Inspectors and others, of the highly efficient condition of the school, which re- flected great credit on the managers and teachers and all concerned. (Applause.) Mrs. Mindy-side presented the prizes to the infant scholars, saying words of commendation to the successful pupils. Mr. Peake and Mr. Attfield briefly addressed the little ones. Miss Rodgers, on the occasion of her leaving the school after some years of excellent work, was presented by the scholars and teachers with a handsome dress ring, in recognition of her services and of the high esteem in which she was held by all at tile school.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF COLONEL WCORQUODALR

We deeply regret to announce the death of Colonel G. M'Corquodale, 17. D., which took place at half-past five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, at his Welsh residence, GadlYg. Ilansadwrn, Isle of Anglesey, in his seventy- ninth year. He had been ill for some time, and though his death was not unlocked for, it will cause a feeling of sorrow throughout aWirle circle.the deceased having been for many years a notable public man. When the sad news became known at Newtonde-Willows, where the deceased had for many years resided, and where the principal wouks of M'Corquodale and Co., Limited, are situated; the deepest regret was expressed at the loss of so great a benefactor of the district. The deceased gentleman was a native of Liverpool, and here it VMS that he laid the foundation of 11i9 gigan- tic business upwards of half a century ago. Possessing , those essential qualificatinos for a successful business; !career, he was shrewd, prompt, thormaL;h. and enter- prising.and was known at home and abroad as a man of high commercial rectitude The late Mr. B. Guinness Orchard, in his tflok, "Liverpool Laglon of Honour." published in 1893, stated that Colonel M'Corquodale's successful, useful, and honourable business career had made his fellow-townsmen proud of him, the more so because in rising from the bottom to the top he was emphatically self-made, and owed less to strange Acci- dents or strong patrens than to systematic industry, punctuality, and those rarer faculties, organising talent and clear perception of men and circumstances. George M'Corquodale started earlv in business with a little place in Orange-court. Castle-st., and as a printer and stationer soon acquired an excellent connection. This he expanded in a manner seldom witneved, even in Liver- pool. He secured the printing business of the London and North-Western Railway, and other huge contracts followed—each sought for, caught, and executed with masterly skill. In a few years he had extensive print- ing works here and in London, LNeda, Glasgow, Wolver- ton, and Newton-le•Willows, and had become is paper maker on a large scale. His business talents were so conspicuous that ere he had reached middle life he was talked of throughout the kingdom, as the representative man of both these trades. Even then his advice was widely sought, strong confidence in his general lodgment prevailing. He became a J.P. for Lancashire in 1859, deputy-lieutenant in 1880, and dur- ing a quarter of a century had been one of the trustees far "Bradshaw's Railway Guide." It was notable that Mr. M'Corquodale's success was achieved amidst univer- sal goodwill, for it was hits happy fortune to easily make and keep friends as well as wealth. His people remained With him, some rising from apprenticeship to high mana- gerial posts, and there never was trouble amongst the crowd of subordinates who had such confidence alike in his kindly feelings and his practical wisdom that they cheerfully fell in with his arrangements. Numerous as had been the calls on his time by business and in social ireles where he wsis always welcome, Mr. M'Corquodale •

===== 0002601_18950720_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I ..,

===== 0002601_18950720_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1895

still had leisure, for he was a man of method, who could choose his deputies so sagaciously that all went on right in his absence. Thus when the 'Volunteer force was organised his became lieutenant-colonel of the Liverpool Press Guards, and retained the post until 1868, when on ' retiring from active service he became its honorary colonel. He was an enthusiastic yachtsman, never hap- pier or more genial than when entertaining a party of guests on salt water. Moreover, he had a shooting-box in Scotland, where, before age set in, he was often found in pursuit of game. Latterly, however he spent most of his time at Newton-le-Willows, where he had resided for close on fifty years. Although bearing the weight of more than three-quarters of a eentury;he still was alert shrewd, and master of all that concerned him. One of the most notable events in the career of Colonel M'Corquodale was his connection with the Volunteer force. He was one of the founders, in 1860, of the old Liverpool Press Guard of Volunteers, of which he was colonel. The corps consisted of men engaged in the var- ious branches of press work, and was an ornament to the Volunteer organisation ot the country. The offshoot is the 6th Volunteer Battalion Liverpool Regiment, which however can claim none of the distinctiveness in coin- position of the old Press Guaid. In 1882, Colonel M'Corquodale filled the honourable post of High Sheriff of Lancashire, and he has since oc- cupied a similar position for the county of Anglesey. North Wales. He was also, as stated above. a Deputy- Lieutenant of Lancashire, and a magistrate for the West Derby Hundred, his commission for which dates as far back as 1859. He was twice married, and leaves a widow, five sons, and seven daughters to mourn him.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEPTION OF THE NEWS AT NEWTON.

- The reception of the news in Newton caused a very painful impression, in almost every cottage the window blinds were lowered. For some time after the sad news came to band the bell of St. Peter's Church was tolled, and reference was made to the death at the meeting of Mr. Moon's supporters which was being held in the Town Ball. His death was not altogether unexpected, for on Monday information was received that he was in a most critical condition. It appears that Colonel McCorquo- dale was taken seriously ill in London about two months ago, but he recovered and was again apparently iia his usual health. About a month ago however, during the hot weather, he was yachting in the Menai Straits, and he had a sunstroke. He again rallied, but on Sunday week he had a severe attack of bronchitis, and despite the constant attention of Dr. Fenton, of London, and Dr. Dobie, of Chester, he never rallied and died at 5.30 on Tuesday night. The news was wired to Colonel Wood, who lost no time in apprising all those whom he considered were entitled to the information. As a great benefactor of the church, Colonel McCorquodale will be much missed at Newton, and the many charities to which he was a generous subscriber will feel his decease. Be was an enthusiastic yachtsman, and in his time has been the owner of some very fine sailing craft. He has been twice married, his second wife who outlives him being the daughter of the late Canon Saunderson, and he leaves a large family of grown up sons and daughters. The funeral will take place at one o'clock on Saturday at Llansadwrn Churchyard, Gadlys, near Beaumaris.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
"A MIGHTY MONARCH."

A Music(h)al(l) Idyll on King Booze ; on the con- sistency of a Pretended Representive, but a really Feudal or Hereditary, system of Government, and other Cognate and Autograph Caligraphies. (Tory Papers please not copy).

Hail to Old Booze! the Great King Booze ! a mighty

monarch he— More potent than Cresars on the land, or Ti-kings on the sea !

Ere makes our vGting millions for their own enslavement

go, And uphold the Non-Elective Gang to govern us, you know.

By the nose he leads his people, as though reason had no mission, And blinds his thoughtless slaves to their ridiculous position— Their voting into power and place of the party who maintain, That Dark-Age Feudal Government must e'er with us . .

remain !- Had I but so much " oof," I'd give ten-thousand pounds to know What treed are our Elections, with their pageantry and show— Of what avail our Franchise or the House of Commons —eh? While the irresponsible House of Lords can have the FINAL SAY ! It is so clearly plain to all who do no shut their eyes, That we might jus, as well possess no Commons or

Franchise; But let the Feudal horde alone in toto make our lawn, For as they're our FINAL ARBITERS no REAL change would cause ! Then all Elections and M.P.'s expenses we could save. No brib'res or intimidations would us then deprave— Then would the fiction that we're Representatively ruled, Be exposed, in all its speciousness, and we no more thus fooled.

So here's to Booze, the Great King Booze ! and his hench- mar, Colonel Bung ! 'Tis unbefitting that such prowess great should go unsung. Were it not for their dread influence, I'm certain as I prattle, Far different wo )Id the outcome be of our Election battle !

his ADAbI X NEWSENSE.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington, July, 1891.

STOCKTON HEATH.

A Btrrouen AND HER CUSTOMER.—At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes Elizabeth Millington butcher, Stockton Heath, sued Stephen Cork, Hollingwood, near Oldham, for £sl4s. sd. for butchers' meat supplied to him when he lived at Stockton Heath. —Mr. Browne appeared for plaintiff and explained that !since the issue of the summons the defendant's wife had paid 83.51. and the defendant now disputed owing any- thin. he defendant himself was often present when the wife gave the orders for butchers' meat and plaintiff delivered a bill to him when the balance was only £4 some months ago. Defendant then produced a receipt for £1 ss. 5. Ills Honour asked him if his wife was present and defendant said she was not. He also pro- duced another receipt for 3s. which the plaintiff con- sented to allow, His Honour therefore gave a verdict for £5 35.. to be paid at £1 a week.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

THE NEW POLICE SERGEANT.—Sergeant Clays who has been appointed to succeed the late Sergeant Thomas, took up his residence at the Constabulary station, Prod- sham,oci Saturday Sergeant Clays' last appointment was at Bowden.

ANNIVERSARY SERMONS AT FIVE CROSSES—On Sunday, the anniversary sermons were held in the Five Crosses Wesleyan Chapel. when the Rev. W. George,of Runcorn. preached. Special hymns were sung by the choir and scholars. The collections for the day amounted to £2B 10s. 51. _ . -

_ THEFT BY A GIRL.—EIiZI Oakes, 15 years of age, of Newton, was charged before Mr. C. Reynolds and Dr. titeele, at Frodsham Police Court,on Tuesday, with steal- ing a quantity of clothing, value 75., the property of her mother on or about the let July.—Mrs. Oakes deposed that she missed the wearing apparel in question and accused her daughter of having taken it. At first she denied having c'one so, but afterwards stated that if she (witness) would give her money she would fetch them from Rencqrn. The money was given, but the prisoner did not return for three or four days. The police were informed and on her return home she was given into custody.—P.C. Price stated that he went to Runcorn and found that the articles had been pledged at Mr. Imi- son's shop. The mother of the girl said she was incor- rigible.—The magistrates ordered the girl to be sent to the Workhouse for ten days and arrangements made for her to be sent to some institution.

BASE !NORA-TM:ME. At the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday before the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough), and other magistrates. George Fielding was charged with stealing from a dwelling-house in King-st., about 5 o'clock, a man's coat and handkerchief value 225. 6d.—Prisoner pleaded guilty.—Chief Constable Hunt said that defen- dant between 8 and 9 o'clock called at Mr. Henry Wiles house, King-st., arid begged assistance. Mrs. Holt went to the hack to get him something,and prisoner was then seen by Mr. Holt, jun., to enter the house and come out with a coat which he put on. Holt followed him and detained him until the police came when he was locked up.—P.C. Evans deposed that he had a chase over walls and through the market before he caught pri- soner.—The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for one month's tard labour characterising his conduct as "base ingratitude." CATHOLIC TOTAL ABSTINENCE LEA.GPE OF THE • GROSS

, The usual weekly meeting took place on Sunday evening in the League Hall, Bewsey-st, Mr. John Mullins. president, in the chair. A lecture was given by the vice-nre,ident, Mr. J C. Dalton, on the "Life of St. Helen, mother of Constantine the Great." The lecturer gave an instructive account of the Church in the Catacombs, aud the mission of St. Helen to Palestine to discover the true cross. A stirring address was given by the president on the evil effects of intemperance, and several new mem- bers were enrolled.

The most common name for a place in England is Newton, which occurs no fewer than seventy-two times.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DIVISION ELECTION.

There has been no relaxation in the energy of the two candidates in this district, and the fight is being continued with the sustained vigour. Numer- ous meetings have been held all over the division, by both sides, but the Conservatives, have only con- descended to visit Earlestown, once, although it is considered to be the stronghold of Liberalism. Mr. Moon has been well received, and even at Newton which is supposed to be the nursery of Toryism, he had a packed meeting, and the enthusiasm was in- tense. All along, the fight has been conducted in remarkably good temper; and there has been an absence of personalties. Mr. Naylor, a Warrington teetotaler, was speaking at a Conservative meeting in Newton on Monday night, and he rather ridi- culed the idea which we put forth last week, that Mr. Moon's prospects were so bright, that there seemed a likelihood of the Conservative majority being wiped out. The suggestion seemed to amuse the audience, but as Mr. Rawlins said at another meeting, the Liberals next Monday night may have a story to tell their opponents which they may not like. The walls in the town are bare of mural

literature, the only election indications being placards with the words, "Vote for Moon." In Earlestown the voting will be in wards, and the polling stations will be, For Wargrave and Sugar Works, at Wargrave Schools. _ _

For Viaduct Ward, at lock-up shops near Earles- town Station.

For Town Hall Ward, at District Schools. For Crow-lane Ward, at Wesleyan Day Schools. For Newton Ward, at Town Hall, Newton. . .

The counting will take place at the Town Hall, Newton, and the result will be declared the same night.

TUE NOMINATIONS.

The nominations of two candidates for the representa- tion of the Newton Division were received by Mr. Apple- ton (returning officer) of the firm of Wright and Appleton, Wigan, at the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday morning. There were present the candidates (Mr. James Moon, Hon.T.W.Legh, and their agents (Mr. W. Holland Owen and Mr. Renshaw), Mr. G. W. Rawlins, Mr. T. D. Grimke Drayton and others. _

For Mr. Moon, 13 papers were handed in. He was ! described as James Moon, Westwood, Eleanor-road; ' Bidston, near Birkenhead, Insurance Inspector and Actuary. He was proposed by E. T. Evans and seconded by Peter Parr ; assenters' W. Blair, T. Clare, R. Ambrose, E. Jones, J. Williams, R. Tombs, G. Longworth, and J. Ferguson, all of Earlestown. Also by William Davies' seconded by William Gilmour; ' assenters, G. Clarke, F. Eachns, C. Long, J. Peers, E. Davies, J. Williams, J. Linaker and C. Walker. (Earlestown). Also by B. Corlett, seconded by J. Taylor' assenters, 0 Edwards, A. Dagnall, E. It. Davies, J. Gooding, S. E. Longfield, E. Hulme, John Barr, G. Newman (Earles- town). Also by S. Harvey, seconded by J. Lambert, assenters, J. Bolton, J. Smith, E. Cronin, D. Edwards, F. Tombs, W. Thompson, A. Evett, W. Robinson, 0. Pickett, W. Williams (Earles own). Also by J. H. Fleming, seconded by R. Garnett, assentors. J. Mounfield, jun., J. Barlow, F. Dixon H. Ellison, T. Birchall, T. Critchley, W. Barlow, and W. Jeffrey (Warrington). Also by James Allatt, seconded by C. A. Luffman, assentors, W. Pearson, J. Boyer, J. Owen, M. Denning, R. McHardy, P. Grace, P. Connor, W. Aitken (Newton). Also by G. W. Rawlins and J. Tither (Rainhill). Also by J. B. Aitken, and J. Watson (Penketh) ; W. Britton and S. Woods (Ashton) ; F. Lowe and W. Board- man (Ashton) ; J. Latham and J. Taylor (Flaydock) ; J. Webster and G. Robinson (Rainford) ; J. H. Halliday and R Openshaw ; and S. Slater and W. Fletcher. There were no7objections. For Mr. Legh 12 papers were handed in, and he was described as Thomas WodehouseLegh,7 Upper Belgrave- st., London S.W., gentleman. The first nomination accepted was by F. Stapleton-Bretherton, seconded by E. Draper. Assenters, J. Birchall, E. Johnson, J. Johnson Owen. H. J Brownlow,A. C. Carr, R. Tyrer, G. Bishop, J. Cartwright, W. J. Bradshaw, E. Mason, G. E. Hart- land, all of Rainhill. He was also proposed by C. B. F. Borron, seconded by W. Collingwood. Assentors, W. Norman, S. Beeston, G. Knox, J. Kelsall, J. Catherall, E. L. Bent, W. H. Chad- wick, J. Lawson, J Plumpton, H. Taylor, C. Lyth, W. Crawshaw, all of Vulcan. Also by A. Handvside, seconded by Rev. E. W. W. Kaye. Assenters, 'John Jones. T. Latimer, N. Siddeley, W. Mills, Thomas Bowes, James Waddilove, J. W. Thorp, J. Howe, T. R. Matthews, G. Makin, G. Davies. all of Earlestown. Also by T. J. Gillespie seconded by J. L. Wood. As- senters, James Smith, W. Stone, R. Barton, J. Crouch- ley, J. Simpson, W. Fairclough, James Liptrott, Thomas Ritchie, William Gilbert, W. Berry, Henry Hibbert, and James Egan, all of Newton. Also by William Thompson seconded by William Thompson jun., assenters : T. Haselden, T. Pill, John White, William Kynaston, T. Tunstall, T. Kenyon, J. Carney, J. Dearden, W. Goodwin, A. Wrigley, William Walton, John Platt, James Monks, all of Earlestown. Also by T. D Grimke-Drayton seconded by John Jack- son assenters. William Johnson, A. Rimmer, P. Rainford, J. Walden, T. Heaton, T. Wiswall, W. Waine and A. Middlehnrst all of Haydock. Also by A. H. Cocker, seconded by J. Pimblett (Gol- borne) ; T. Molyneux, and J. James, (Golborne) ; G. Prescott and F. Silcock, (Golborne) ; W. Richardson and T. Boardman, (Rainford) ; C. H. Astle, and W. Painter, (Ashton) ; Thomas Robinson, and J. Ashurst, (Gol- borne).

GREAT LIBERAL MEETING AT EARLESTOWN. A crowded and enthusiastic meeting of Liberals was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Saturday even- ing, in support of the candidature of Mr. James Moon. Mr. G. W. Rawlins presided, and he was supported by Mr. James Moon, Revs. E. Lloyd Jones (Rhyl), Messrs. W. H rdshaw (Manchester). E Evans, jun. (Liverpool), E. T. Evans, G. F. Clarke, J. W. Emmett, W. Gilmour, C. W. Emmett, and others. The Chairman said that meeting testified to the great enthusiasm Earlestown felt in the cause of Liberalism, and the candidature of Mr. Moon. (Cheers.) During the coming week the battle would rage far harder than it had done during the past week. Mr. Moon had at- tended a large number of meetings; they had seen a great deal of enthusiasm about, the canvassers had been busy and the other side had been busy also. Their on. portents feared the result of the battle, and he was sorry to see in some of the local press a good deal of misrepre- sentation, and some remarks which were in very had taste. One remark that was made, was, that Mr. Moon had attended a meeting at Rainhill, and there were about 25 or 30 people present, but they were members of the Committee, and of workers, and it was not a public meeting at all. (Applause.) Mr. Moon was going to a Public meeting at Rainhill onMonday evening and there would he more than 25 people present. (Hear, hear.) There was a great deal in Mr. Legh's address that he could not swallow, and there was a good deal more if he did swallow, he could not digest. (Laughter.) There was a great deal in it that he could not under- stand, and also something that made one think of it as a Lewis's balloon. (Laughter.) This balloon was large and fine, and painted a blue colour, and they thought there was a good deal in it, but when they pricked it,it collapsed altozether,and when they analysed Mr. Legh'i address, it contained nothing. The other night Mr. Legh had a meeting at Rainhill, and he was asked by an elector present,what he meant by temperance reform. He said he did not know what he meant by it ; he was waiting to see what the Government said, and he would support the Government in the policy that they put forth. That was not the sort of opinion that Mr. Moon held on any question, and he did not think it was the sort of opinion that they wanted their representatives in the House of Commons to held on any question. They did not want a jelly fish condition of man,they wanted 139111e- thing detertnined,a man who worked for the people ,and knew what he meant. (Applause.) Mr. Moen said, after the experience of last week, al- though it had been a hard time he was sure that the flowing tide was with them in Newton, and if his sup- porters would only keep up their enthusiasm they should have a story to tell their opponents that they would not like. (Applause.) He was glad to find that the electors were not using personalities, but that everybody sec riled to he working in good temper. Perhaps they ought to exclude the journal to which Mr. Rawlins had referred, and which that day came out with such remarks. Last week it stated that Mr. Moon had nothing to lose,becauae a Radical luminary at Liverpool was at his back. He would not desire to have a better Radical at his back than Mr. Edward Evans. (Hear, hear.) And to-day it came out with the original remark that Mr. Moon had a little money to spend, rumour said it was £lOO, and he did not mind how he spent it. (Laughter.) When the Conservative press descended to that kind of argument, he thought they would know what value to place upon it. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt that his opponent had as many thousands as he (Mr. Moon) had tens. (A voice "He is no better for that" and applause.) But it was not because he had earned it. kCrieers.) If he (Mr. Moon) owned the royalties that his opponent held, he would spend not £lOO but many a hundred. (Cheers.) That paper also said he was a stranger to Earlestown. He thought he might use the words of the Marquis of Salisbury and say ...I new nail that lie to the counter." tie had been visiting Ludes- town for the last 20 years,and he dared say, if the truth was known, he had been in it almost as often as hia opponent. (Hear, hear.) He knew enough about Earles- town to know what a pr)sperous and growing place it was. After his experience that week, and after seeing, those great works which went so far to maintain the town, the more he knew shout Earlestown the.better he liked it. (Hear, hear.) He was no pessimist. Ile be- lieved, in plain language, that there was a good time coming. He believed in the self government of the

-

===== 0002601_18950720_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Ipeople, but the English speaking people weto n,t a self governing race. The 40 million people, might to-morrow pass a law unanimously and yet there was a house of hereditary legislators, which might thwart the measure. (Shame.) Why should men, just because they happen to be the sons of a rich brewer, govern them, and why should they have a birthright that the workingmen had net. (Applause.) There were a lot of measures that they were looking forward to. The measure of one man one vote (applause), which would put an end to the old teudal notion that property had more right to represen- tation than manhood. Then there was the great temper- ance question to which the Chairman had referred. He claimed that be was not an unreasonable man, and he should ,he sorry to support what he considered to be an unreasonable bill. But with regard to country public houses, where the Conservatives were trying to raise up a great agitation, he did not think the bill would affect country public houses, which found accommodation tor commercial travellers. What it aimed at was putting an end to those boozing dens in the large cities, where a man could not walk far without coming across a public house. They talked about robbing the poor man of his beer. He would like to know if Mr. Legh would like him to build a public-house opposite the gates of Lyme Hall, why should they have a public house right in front of their house? If the publican werea wise man,he would look at it in a diffent light to what he was doing. He believed that the best thing that could happen to the trade would be for the Government to pass the Bill and join with it the abolition of the tied house system. (Ap- plause.) Addresses were also delivered by Mr. E. Evans, Rev. E. Evans, Rev. Lloyd Jones, and Mr. H. Shawcross,and a resolution pledging the meeting to use all lawful means to return Mr. Moon was unanimously passed. Mr. Moon thanked them for the encouragement they had given him, and be believed his Tory friends were afraid the tide was leaving them, and if the Liberals of Newton were true to their promise on Monday they would have a Liberal member. (Cheers.) He con- cluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was heartily accorded.

LIBERAL MEETING AT MARTINSCROFT. On Saturday evening an open-air meeting of the sup- porters of Mr. James Moon, the Liberal candidate for the Newton Parliamentary division, was held on Martins- croft Green when Mr. J. T. Rowland occupied the chair, and the speeches were delivered from a lorry. Mr. J. Moon, the candidate, had been announced to speak, but he did not put in an appearance prior to the meeting dispersing, and it was explained that he had to address a meeting at Haydock at four o'clock and another at Earlestown at seven o'clock, and that no doubt he had been unable to reach Martinscroft in time. Mr. T. C. Lilley, of Manchester, spoke at some length and dealt with various items in the Liberal programme. Referring to local option, the speaker said the Conser- vatives seemed to be seriously alarmed at the question. He was not a teetotaler himself, and he did not think he was likely to become one, but he was in favour of Local Option. What did it mean? To-day a few magistrates could grant or withhold a license. The licensed vidualler was at the mercy of a few men who had in their power to either kill or cure. If he (the speaker) was a licensed 'victualler he should pray night and day for Local Option to be made law for h.s protection. He would be more secure in the hands of Itwo-thirds of the population of each vii laze and hamlet than of twelve men. Farmers need not be afraid of Local Option. It would not cause one ear- of barley less to be grown. They did not want to de- prive the workingman of his glass of beer. If the people wanted Local Option let them have it. As to the per- sonalities of the two candidates, Mr. Moen was born of a workingman's stock, had been a workingman himself, and by dint of enterprise had proved himself to be a business man by obtaining the position of Fellow of the , Institute of Actuaries, which proved that he was a man of learning. After having made some personal remarks as to Mr. Lee], he (Mr. Lilley) asked them to quit themselves like men, to strike for liberty, and let no one persuade them away, and whatever they did to vote for Mr. James Moon. (Applause.) Mr. Farnsworth, of the National Reform Union' also spoke, after which Mr. Bowleg proposed that Mr. James Moon was a fit and proper person to represent the elec- tors in Parliament. He had not heard Mr. Moon speak, but they had heard his friends, and if they acted as they preached they would " mend their country." (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. R. Gibbons seconded, and Mr. Richards supported the resolution. The latter remarked that Mr. Leigh had been in Parliament ten years, and he didn't see what he had done. He thought this time they ought to have a change. A change did good sometimes. He (the speaker) might tell them he was going to vote for "a staunch and true Radical." The resolution was put to the meeting and carried.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING AT NEWTON.

On Tuesday evening a meeting in support of Mr. Moon, the Liberal candidate for the Newton Division, was held in the Town Hall, Newton. There was a good audience, and Mr. Luffman presided. Amongst those present were Mr. James Moon, Mr. G. W. Rawlings,Mr. Owen, and others. The Chairman, at the outset, said he could not help reterring to a very sad event that had happened within the last few hours, and that had only just come to their gnowledge. An old candidate that they had there once, a very old friend, had gone to rest, Colonel Mc Corquodale was no more. He was sure he was expres- sing their deep sympathy with Colonel McCorquodale's family, as he was his own, in so very greatly deploring the sad event. (Hear, hear.) After referring to politi- cal topics, he called on Mr. Moon, who was cordially received. He said he was very glad to stand before the electors of Newton. He had been told again and again that it was a strong- hold of Toryism, and be was not dismayed on that account, because he must say that in that election both Conservatives and Liberals had given him a very fair hearing. He had nothing but gratitude to express for the reception he had met with. Be believed it was admitted that they were net relying on anything except the justice of their cause. (Cheers.) Men who relied on justice in their cause could always afford to discard everything else. He should discard the reference of his opponents to himself. He was not in the position Mr. Leh was in, hut if he were he would try tm set an example to his opponents, and he (Mr. Moon) would try to set it to him. (Applause.) There were one or two statements which had been published which it WAS his blenden duty not only to himself but to the cause he represented to correct. If they referred to the organs of Liberalism in the division they would find no insulting reference to their opponents. If they would refer to the organ of Conservatism they would find in it abuse. A few weeks ago it jeered at the idea that Mr. Moon was going to contest the Newton Division. Later it said Mr. Moon had been sent un to Newton Division by a Liverpool Radical, and it did not matter to him whether he won or lost. A fresh story WAS that Mr. Moon had a hundred pounds which he wanted to spend and was not particular how he spent it. (Laughter.) Then again they said the Roman Catholics were not going to support Mr. Moon because he was not in sympathy with their view on the education question. All these were pure inventions. Fle came there in his own right. (Cheers.) He had been selected after a fair amount of trial by the Liberal "300." (Applause.) Mr. Rawlines could bear out that months ago he said to him "Now I don't want to be invited to contest the divisor) unless I have the unanimous support of every part of the division." He was willing to address meetings so that the workingmen of Newton should say whether he was a fit and proper person to represent them. As the repre- sentative of the Liberals of that division he was just as proud of that position as the Conservative representive was of standing in the Conservative interest. (Applause.) He came there to advocate what he believed to be a very good cause. (Hear, hear.) The question before the country was a very anxious one. Many Liberals might he dismayed by the results of the elections on Saturday and Monday. Notwithstanding the fact that the Conservatives were being returned there was really a majority of votes against them. (Cheers.) Referring to Home Rule, he said he was as firm on Home Rule that day as he had ever been. He believed it was a question for the British working man to see that Ireland had Dome Rule, because if one part of the British Empire suffered every part suffered. (Hear. hear.) If they made Ireland nro.perous, they would be doing a great deal to mske England prosperous too. (Applause.) After dealing with the question of the Disestablishment of the Welsh Church. Mr. Moon said it had been given out that the Liberal party had done nothing within the last three rears. it wee the Liberal party which had given the Prieh Conneils and the Factory Act. They had regu- lated the hours of Railway Servants, and made working men Inspectors of Factories and Mines. After dealing with other prominent questions he urged them to go into ths contest as independent men, and if they wanted just equality they would vote for the Liberal candidate. (Cheers.) Mr. Owen moved a resolution to the effect that Mr. Moon was a fit and proper person to represent them in Parliament.

Mr. Borer seconded, and Mr. Aimlev, Mr. Burnish, and Mr. Rawlinqs concerted it by lensthy addrecses. The vet was tarried with only one dissmtient. A vote of thanks was afterwards accorded the Chair- man.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE MEETING AT NEWTON.

A mein g in support of the candidature of the Tinn. T. W. Lfgh. wal held in the Town Hall, Newton-le- Willows on Monday evening. Mr. T. J. Gillespie. pre- sided, and he <vas supported no the nlatform by Messrs. T. D. GrirnkP-Dravton, W. Stone. R. Barton, C. B. F. Borron. W. Holland Owen, R. A. /Naylor (Warrington), and others.

The Chairman said ever7one would Agree with him that the present election was the most important they had been called upon tl fight. The question they had be- fore them was a simple one, but one that was, awfully important. What they had to ask themselves was were they to return Lord Salisbury to power with a good Unionist Government, and with such a majority that he would be able to carry nut the numerous useful matters of legislation which had been so ably brought before the public by Mr. Balfour, and other speakers, or were they

going to return a Separatist Government, under Lord Rosebery. ("so.") Mr. Barton moved a resolution of confidence in Mr. Legh, and pledging the meeting to use all lawful en. deavours to return him to Parliament on Monday next- Mr. T. D. Grimke-Drayton seconded. Mr. R. A. Naylor, of Warrington, in the couree of his observations read extracts from last week's " Examiner" and ridiculed the idea that Mr. Legh's majority of 894 would be wiped out, lie claimed to be a temperance man, and said he was perfectly disgusted at the way the temperance people were treating Mr Legh over this job, and it was just on a line with all their other dirty work. He bad been going at the temperance question a great number of years. Mr.Legh in his address mentioned the question of temperance reform, and Mr. Moon grumbled at Mr. Legh for men- tioning temperance reform, and not telling him what he was going to do. The great Liberal party for a number of years had come forward and said they must have the temperance vote, as they were the temperance party. He once voted for a Liberal candidate on the strength of the temperance question but it was the last time. He had been fooled and humbugged once, but never again. (Laughter.) The man he voted for turned out to be fond of whiskey and water. (Laughter.) He was willing that some Act should be passed, so that the magistrates should have the power to close certain useless and objectionable public houses, but at the same time give compensation to those who had invested their money in the business, and the ratepayers would have no need to be taxed to the extent of a penny. (Applause.) Mr. Legh in the course of a brief address, said be did not consider he was fighting a candidate at all, but the Prudential Assurance Society. His opponent relied not so much upon his power ef argument, as on the discip- line of a well-meaning phalanx of canvassers, who went about the division asking the electors to vote for Mr. Moon. With regard to the question of temperance re- form, he was not a minister, and was not responsible for the inauguration of the policy in the House of Commons. He followed the lead of Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour, and he was sufficienlly modest to think that if he pro- duced a temperance programme of his own, and laid down certain conditions, which he thought ought to be adhered to, it was just possible that Lord Salisbury might not adopt it. But far the benefit of Mr. Moon and his allies, he did not intend to expound a temper- ance policy in all its bearings. He believed in compen- sation, and they would not attain any satisfactory result until they admitted that. (Applause.) The resolution was then put and carried and the meet- ing terminated.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

A meeting in support of the Hon. T. W. Legh's can- didature for the Newton Division was held on Wednes- day afternoon in the Assembly Room of the Warrington Conservative Club. Alderman Francomb presided, and amongst those present were Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., the Hon. T. W. Legh, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Aldermen Bolton and Sutton, Councillors Bennett, R. T. Fairclough, Hepherd, Longton, Skelton, Hill, Shaw and Lee, and Messrs. Robert Davies, John White, R. I. Wynne-Jones, D. W. Jeans, John Fairclough, Mather, T. Halton, William Gill (Winmarleigh-at.), James Ford, A. Jolley, W. J. Forshaw, W. H. J. Jenkins, Royston, D. Jones,T. D.Grimke-Dravton, T.Brookes,W. W. Westwell, and Owen (Mr. Leigh's election agent). There was a good attendance. The Chairman said they all knew what a glorious vic- tory the Conservatives had in Warrington on Monday last, and he hoped the same enthusiasm would be dis- played by Mr. Legh's supporters on Monday next. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Allusion was made by the Chairman to local option and its effects, and he observed that in Bootle,where there are only between one and two public-houses per 1,000 persons, there were 24, persons per 1,000 convicted of drunkenness. In Newcastle-en- Tyne, where there were only between three and four public-houses per 1.000, there were 26 convictions per 1,000 persons. In Liverpool, with only four public- houses per 1,000, there were 16 convictions per 1,000 In Ryde, where there are nine public-houses per 1,000 persons, there were only between one and two convic- tions per 1.000, and in Winchester, where there are eight public-houses per 1,000 persons, there were only be- tween one and two convictions per 1,000 persons. These were facts which should be remembered by all of them. Mr. Robert Davies, who described himself as " one of the ancients," said he was waiting very anxiously to see the result of the turn of the tide which was flowing with the Conservatives at the present moment. What had become of all the vapouring on the Radical side in claim- ing to have the people with them universally l (Laugh- ter.) He (Mr. Davies) believed that the people were with the Conservatives. They saw the folly and waste of time which had been occupied in discussing questions which had never been carried int. effect. What they wanted as a people was peace and domestic legislation. (Applause.) He moved "That this meeting welcomes the dissolution of Parliament,and sincerely hopes for the accession of a strong Unionist Government to power; and, while thanking Mr. Legh for his able representa- tion of the Newton Division, pledges itself to use all legitimate means to secure his triumphant return at the coming pie tion." (Applause.) Mr. T. D. Grimke Drayton seconded the motion which was sup; orted by Mr. Jeaos, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, and the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton.

The motion was supported by Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., and unanimously agreed te. Mr. Legh, who was received with applause, congratu- lated Mr. Pierpoint upon his success at the poll on Mon- day at Warrington, and the electors upon having given ons more blow in defence of the Conservative and Unionist cause. He might be wrong, but be was under the impression that the voters generally were dissatisfied with every part of the policy of the late Government. The Government had dragged on a miserable existence for three years without governing the nation properly, but what could they expect from a party which cor sisted of a collection of discordant groups, each of which claimed for its policy to he carried into effect first ? The policy of the Liberals was not dictated by a desire to promote the welfare of the country, but it was a policy which was dictated by sections in turn,and he contended that such a Government was not likely to receive much attention at the hands of intelligent voters. (Applause.) On the motion of Alderman Sutton, seconded by Mr. Owen, a vote oF thanks was passed to Alderman Fran- i cemb for presiding, and the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
• CONSERVATIVE MEE LING AT EARLESTOWN.

A largely attended meeting of Conservatives in sup- port of tbe candidature of the Hon. T. W. Legh, was held in the Town Hall, Earlitown, on Thursday evening. Mr. C. B. F. Borron presided, and he was supported by Lord Balcarres, M.P., the Hon. T. W. Legh, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Colonel W. H. Morrison, Messrs. T. J. Gillespie, W. H. Owen, T. D. Grimke-Drayton, Dr. Handyside, Dr. Patterson, Mrs. Legh, Mrs. Gillespie and other ladies and gentlemen. The Chairman said before commencing the proceedings, he had to refer, to the great loss they had sustained in the death of Colonel McCorquodale. He was known to them all, as one who had worked diligently in local affairs, as chairman of Vie old Commissioners, and as chairman )f the sessions, and in the county as deputy lieutenant, and having occupied the position of high sheriff he would be much missed in the district. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. T.W. Legh said he was inclined to think that when he first appeared before them as a candidate, he made the greatest mistake that a politician could make. He was far too modest, but he was not going to make that mistake again, and he was going boldly to announce that he considered himself as well fitted to represent them as Mr. Moon, and that if there was a little more prudence in Mr. Moon's nature, he would not come forward to contest that seat.— A resolution pledging the meeting to return Mr. Legh at the head of the poll was moved by Mr. James Smith, and seconded by Dr. Handyside, and supported by Colonel Morrison and Lord Balcarres, and afterwards unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL ELECTION.

The state of parties up to Friday morning was as fol- lows :—Liherals, 76 ; ConsPrvatives, 262; Liberal Union- ists, 43 ; Nationalists, 38 ; Fameßites, six. As the losses count 110 on a division and the Home Rule majority at the dissolution was 28. the Unionists have now a majority in the new House ot 82.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOOTING AT BISLEY.

The second stage of the Queen's Prize competition was completed at Risley on Thursday. Sergeant W. nogg, of the Border Rifles, won the silver medal with an aggregate of 205 points. Private Robinson, 2nd Man- chester, was second with 204, and Armoury-Sergeant Fraser, Queen's Edinburgh, third with 203. There was some remarkable shooting in the " Graphic " (M. 11. competition (seven shots at 500 yards). No fewer than 24 marksmen recorded highest possibles, and on shoot- ing off the ties seven of them put on successive bulls with their three shots, while Ave had totals of 14, and eight totals of 13. Private WGibbon, 3rd Lanark, and , Lance-Corporal Wilson, let Dunbarton, tied for the " Daily Telegraph" Cop.

LOCAL SUCCESS. Mr. Wilding, the assistant surveyor at Runcorn, Lai been successful at the recent examination of the City and Guilds of London, in obtaining first honours. He is to be congratulated upon the progress he is making in his profession. Already he is the possessor of many honour- able distinctions. He holds a first honour certificate ; a bronze medal for brickwork and masonry ; and a certifi- cate as well as silver medal for plasterers' work and build- ing construction.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Boy DROWNED IN THD SHIP CANAL.

On Thursday evening Joseph Dunbavand, aged 15 years. was playing on the banks of the Ship Canal flair Runcorn lay-by, when be slipped and fell in. One of his companions, George Kinsey, tried to reach him, but without avail. Before further assistance arrives he sank. Dragging operations were immediately com- menced, but without success.

F 0 R

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

MARROWFAT PE AS RICE MEAL AND INDIAN gal,.

OAT HUSKS. OATMEAL SEEDS

_ AMERICAN LINDSEED Aro DECORTICATED COTTON CAKEEL

EGYPT-I-A; tiND ECORTICATB 9

COTTON CAKE. SAMPLES AND PRIORi FROM RICHARD ATKINSON A CO.. 11, DELIItY,..---r."11. LIVRRPOOL

DAY, SON, AND HE WITT'S " ORIGINAL' AND CEILTIRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing. For Straining and Preventing Gangrene For all Sores. Wounds, and - wollen udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d .3s. 6d., and 75. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re Water, and Yellows, For Chills. Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk sever and Quarter 111 (Price 33.6 d. per dozen Rwes),l3s. per dozen THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Nwes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blows• Cures Scour or Diarrhcea, and Colic, or Gripe,. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetl Price Is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per THE GASEODYNE,

Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain' For Severe Diarrhtea Influenz For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorder& Price 3s. 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBIN(i with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and 21011;0" nags Paid. Pamphlet on Hearing or Calves and and Calving Disorders," gratis and po..t free.

- ---' ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTOO 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, IV' OWEN'S' GR,;AT BsLE or •• OF MANUFACTURER'S STOWE BASSINETTES .i AND LATEST NOVELTIES 1rj..1 . , . MAIL Cs TA THIS AND FOLLOWING DAY,,3,,,,T' 01810- . OWEN'S EMPORIUNI, 80, DEANSGATE, ......0".... , Steam Engines' Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches' and Pumps. Large Stock- os, Write for quotations, stating details sirtquirg°‘ C , LS.HINDLEY,II,Queen Victoria St.,LO11 , N., _o,i4r 6 . to Works, BOURSEI' , ! MA RKE TS. u 300 ~ JIY to WARRINGTON MARK E I.—WODSTESDA • FRUIT, VEGETABLE, POULTRY. BUTOEJJ' ' d FISHMONGERS' TABLE. d, 0. 6 O. 2 s. d. s.O. ( 0 "'" e 1 ~ Beef, Eng.,r lb 0 sto 0 9 Melons each -• i. 0 --ri I Lamb per lb ... 0 9-0 II Oranges. each, 0 -"A" 0 Mutton ~0 6 -, 10 Celery V stie' - 0 .-- - 3 Veal ~ ~0 6-0 9 Pears . • ..........o 2 ..... 0 , Pork ~ ~0 6-0 8 Aoricots each i s Pork sides _ 0 s. ~ cured O5 -0 0 Caubflower, each, 6 . 1 Whole pigs„ se 7 6-7 8 Pam.' n ,ers each' 9 .....- U g . h ° ' 0 v I Geese ~0 0- 9 6 thoonsges efiC .--• .. 0 4 0 e Fowls ',couple 4 6-5 6 Tom does 0 .° 0 8 .."o $ .4 Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb ... ::. 0 0-- 0 i 4 Ducklings „ 6 6-0 0 Spanish Oujo": 0 Rabits Hares. each -0 0 Asparagus 6 0 Pigeons „ . -0 0 Potatoes e 1°;„, 0 0 0 0 , Part 'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes, /id. 6 --- 1 4 ' Grouse '' 0 0- 0 0 Must ro Tos,, ~1 2 --0 0, Pheasants 0 0-0 0 Green Peat 4''n,' 0 3--- 04: Turkey 0 0- 0 0 Green prouts 0 Butter, fresh n) I 2- 1 3 13,•ans,kidney Th.o Hen eggs II 1 0-0 0 Pomeg.anates”. 0 0 Duck ,' - 0 0 Waluuts ~ ..... 0 1-- 0 c Apples lb -0 3 Lemons „ ...... 0 0-'54 0 Onions ~0 1 - 0 2 Ch.. se ....... ""' ,t 2 6—boe. , Grapes „ - ,c g PineAppleeach 26- 3 0 Good ......... • 6 O _ø --' # Greengages Vll5 0 0-0 0 Medium • ..... 1 4 1 6 Cherries „ ...... 0 0- 0 6 Lo,,ster Vlb •."1. 4-- 1 0, Strawb2rries „ 0 4-0 6 Turbot „ ••••• 0 10-- 0 0 Damsons „ 4 0 0- 0 0 Salmon „ .... " 0 0-- 0 Plums „ 0 0- 0 0 Whitlngs •••." Gooseberries „ 3 0- 0 0 Flukes .. ...... 0 Raspberries „ 0 7- 0 0 Eels ~ ~ ..... 1 0 ..... 1 9. • Black Currants 0 0- 0 4 Soles ~ ~ ..... 0 0 0 Red Currants 0 0- 0 4 Sparlings ..... 0 4 _o 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 6 Codfish •• •-"i; 0 0 Seakale ts tt.1.0 0- 0 OIA Bac . ere? eao 1 0-- Rhubarb beh 0 0- 0 0 'erri g r ',"""

i

A TS FIRST-CLASS PILIVP• DE NTISTRY• Appointments unnecessary, but 5131'1 lt; arranged. All consultations free. Each patient informed beforehand tbe work required Gold and other fillings at roo' 15 charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, , Painless Eat action as hitherto bY of Nitrate Oxide. Ari .00100 Maker to Dentista of weekly. -

Exere. of the late

7,,50 J. H. PAR s

(DENTIST BY MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-SOS° (NAT TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCII-STRgsl'' ST. lIELENS, GEORGE-S.s°l' 406. EARLESTOWN, on TV ESDAYS, at Mr 9" WARRINGTON, on WE DNESDAYS,'3I RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BEIDc4s-slors. NORTH WIWI, on FRIDAYS, 18, ArrOlk “15

------------------- Or MARRIAGES. a N°loo. HoLatEa—CaniB.—.Jul 7th, at e Parish Chore to ni c lbl ey T.L t Cainehe Rev. G. B.Y th Thurston, VVilliara Lighte° iog' b, WArfooff MAKIN—CALLON.—Juiv 7th, at the Parish Ch'lrCuin, to ton, by th Elizabeth e Rev. G B cillon. Thurston. Williara 313 _...,,fiels . G. . STEIN—MA—June 24th, at StanleY r estr-ai (' -street. cirjois; te Church, Montre,al, by the Rev F. 4. DewneYb Csl°%att Stein, of Vancouver and New Westminster. ..-'• 'oogia.• Margaret B. Mainley, of Penket.), Warrington. MATHER—JuIy 7, at Olive , n No* DEATHS.t. , waolngo . 00., Mather. aged 65 year NEWNS —JO! y 8, at Os i; aged 4 years d-lane, Mrarrington, - P lif liP eel liieb Ast a ly ugt, jed 85 , 4.rox---July 8. air Knutsford-rcaet Late bford' A6)3t°o ITHeTaotNo, r. arA wars aged 1.1 months. "Dienea MOLYNEUX— 8, Rowle.y-lane, War ra,gtoa. -1 sep Jealy 9, at Atherton-st , Williana I. J" _____,, 5 months. _____----

MEMORIAL CAIDB 1 1101100 Jest rsoelYm mlto PA C .110 a large Stock of lat...—_ les, jp, 0111 AL CARDS. Call and inspect sanly6olo,./ tog' printed at shortest notice,. Also Posters, ~. 04 HandVrEe. Ma Heads, &c. Newest tyP- Iliad:awry. ~, JOHN S. GRE6I.4 TUB BOROUGH PROSSi_,O J. 34, BRIDGE-t TftliliT, Witlati ut. WAlXlsl:treet:l varrington.—Printed and Publisheo by Pn( .a,t3o,erw.rot, a The Examiner General Printing W Jrks• Pvictor,leet.'i and Publls)Aecl also at The Examiner Ogle"' R.ge,9t` JO Vi,,""FS; High-ttr UN eet RCORN : 32, tleC,'Nell."". "eie" ! sAd 13, TilaPtet-street, J 11131.59 20, 18.

-mm

===== 0002601_18950720_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N.----() -..._:_.

===== 0002601_18950720_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WRS!

kittekr:l .4011 8e.2,4 14°Nbl t 401 RUIZ

-Lail, .6; kint,,,e,;; tent t,,n2,

•

' 8

, kali] T'

I

===== 0002601_18950720_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ADE,

u th4ll' t'44l/VE 411VE 1 8111 P 0:4411,tn ',013T

7; Abt

th114..,(14 aTo. thetle. 4.r4 Nt,11,1 k,IJE 44014 b, 5.,81

t

If_ 0;

444u1 11°4T elllll ebt

Wc AtAr° W°

===== 0002601_18950720_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tTV ,( lvv,( i (

===== 0002601_18950720_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SILIC UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69. Bridge Street, Warrington.

IiqUPTURES. - FOR CURE ,OF R xi) T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? & 9. Grosvenor-street , Lon- km-road. Manchester.

gIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shelllel4 and Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &a. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

SCHIEHW ATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED AGENTS FOR ITIE WALTHAM WA CH COMPANY. SCHIBRWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal ramp for these Watches as THE BES E TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless. ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

S• ILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE jILWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R.H. REM), JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch mot). Strings, Bows, Cases, &0., of Finest Quality. Amino REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

I'OOLS—FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOOK. Joiners', Ship Carpenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Plasterers', Shoemak ,rs', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. NOTICE. JOSEPH DARLINGTON, The noted old Bowl Turner, SLATER STREET, off BOLD- STREET, begs to inferm the public that he has nothing to do with any other house, his only address being SLATER- STREET, and invices inspection of his Bowls, made out of the best dark lignum vitte, strictly made to follow the jack. GENERAL WOOD & IVORY TURNER, 12, 14, & 16, SLATER STREET, ONLY. LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1820.

p ARLIAMENTARY ELECTION, 1895. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE NEWTON DIVISION OF LANCASHIRE. GENTLEMEN,— Having been invited by the Newton Liberal Association to contest the Seat of the forthcoming Election, I willingly place myself in your hands, relying on the earnest promises of support received from every part of the Division. I do not desire to put forth any personal claim to the honour of securing your votes, although I can claim an extensive experience and heartfelt sympathy with the work- ing classes—amongst whom my life has been spent from the day I worked at the bench as an apprentice—but I do feel that the cause I represent is one which entitles me to the support of all earnest reformers, and especially of every workingman in the Newton Division. A Dissolution being imminent, every Liberal will rejoice at the opportunity of ascertaining the will of the people upon the great questions with which the late Government was Identified. Unfortunately in this Division the plural voter— thanks to the Conservative party—has another lease of life and another opportunity of neutralizing the wishes of the resident voters, making it impossible to know with certainty what those wishes really are; we believe them to be in sympathy with theLlberal party, and I feel It an honour to champion them in this Contest. The issue before the country has been clearly and well de- fined as :- I.—lrish Self-Government or Home Rule. 2.—Social and Political Reform 3.—The Supremacy of the House of Commons. In all of these the late Government has, in the face of bitter opposition and hatred, struggled to voice what we be- lieve to be the will ot the people. 12As a result, we now have the Parish Councils Act, giving local self-government to every parish, the death duties and the Income Tax have been readjusted, the Hours of Railway Servants have been regulated; and in in its administration the Government has shown its practical sympathy with Labour by adopting the Eight-hours Day and the Trades Union Rate of Waves, by raising the minimum weekly wage os their labourers, appointing Workingmen Magistrates, Fac- tory Inspectors, ko. Unfortunately, the House of Lords, with its hereditary class legislators, has stepped in to thwart the will of the House of Commons by destroying the Llome Rule Bill. the Employers' Liability Bill, and an Irish Bill for Evicted Tenants. ,2 The electoral of Newton havernow an opportunity of ex- pressing their opinion on this unexampled record of work done, and approving or otherwise, the action of the House of Lords. If a Conservative majority in the next Parliament be obtained, the tide of grogress will be stemmed, and much needed legislative reforms deferred indefinitely. Should. however, the Liberals be returned with an increased majority, we shall enter upon a new era of social and political reform and progress which can only result In the betterment and increased happiness of the people. I refer to such important questions as the Reform of the Land Laws in the interests of Agriculture, Popular Control of the Liquor Traffic, Payment of Members, One Man One Vote, Welsh Disestablishment, Old Age Pensions, Taxation of Ground Values and Mining Royalties, Poor-law Reform, and the Abolition of the Veto of tke House of Lords, with all of which I am in hearty sympathy. I appeal to you in confidence to refuse your support to a party which is stnwilllng or unable to openly declare its policy and I ask you to return me to the House of Commons to support the principles which I have already publicly advocoted, and in support of which I hope shortly to address you. I am, Gentlemen. Your obedient servant, JAMES MOON. Liverpool, July Ist, 1895.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees. SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-MEET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

•R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF lIOLD-ALL From 9s. f3d. 391 AND 41, DALE STREET, 121 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL, (Late Nag's Head), WARRINGTON. RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCHWEPP'S, BASS', GUINNES', AND T. JAMESON'S. FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND ST4BLING. CYCLIST AND PE.,-NIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOR, S. STIRRUP, PROPRIE f OR.

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS PASTRYCOOKS, CONFECTIONERS, AND RESTAURATEURS, 98 AND 102, BRIDGE STREET, CYCLIST CLUB, AND PICNIC PARTIES Catered for. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &C., Supplied at the Restaurant. 102, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered 0 the Public. Sold by 11 Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 6d., 10d., and Is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDHS AND SON, WARRINGTON.

rf IHB T HUTH ABOUT BTAM MBRlNG.—Anyone interested will receive the latest information and important books on the cure, on loan, post free, without charge, from lthurial, Messrs. DEACON'S, 154; Leadenhall-street, London. B.C.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, beet and quickest way to make money by Stooks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free, Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co., Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-at., London, E.C.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I win send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, Am., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Bent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH, 92-93. Great Russell-street, London. W.C.

yOUNG MAN, age 27, smith (skilful hand), wishes to nor- _ll. respond with suitable person with a view to marriage, and with a little means to enable him to start business.— :LOM HARKER, it, dear.

MU ATlMONY.—Relined and affectionate middle-aged spinster, left with good home and large fortune, but having no suitable acquaintance of the other sex, would like to correspond with a bachelor or widower of considerate dis- position, who would sppreclite a loving wife. Strict secrecy. Address Miss ILkwaorr, 83, Grosvenor-st., London, W.

WILLIAM GALE, FAMILY BUTCHE R, • 27, BRICK-STREET, FENNEL-STREET, WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON, BEEF, VEAL, PORK, Bm., Always on hand from bid. to 81c1. per lb. A Trial Solicited.

HOLIDAYS. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON, Has all the latest novelties in SUITINGS, VICUNAS, and OTHER CLOTHS For either LADIES' or GENTLEMEN'S wear For the present season. A LARGE ASSORTMENT of GLADSTONE and other TRAVELLING BAGS. F IRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SKELION LTD., WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORSEMARKET- STIMET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

RICHARD BEETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL, PORK, Always on hand, from Sad. to 81d, per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown an Anchor Hotel. TEETHEXTRACTHD FREIE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.tO 6p.m, MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the beat and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Solt Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Beet to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS"IEETH are aide to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4. Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwieh, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Horwich, 6, Lee-lane. Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 ;in MACDONALDS LIMITED 29. PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOGS. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS,

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. LH OTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, Am, for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

MR. BURKINSHAW'S Drawing and Painting Academy, 42, Onslo4 -road, Fairfield, Liverpool. Classes for Ladies on Thursday and Saturday mornings. Schools and families attended.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- cate and backward boys. Healthiest Vane in England. No Medical visit last ten years. Admission any tmae. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if deared.—Address Dr. AUSTIN'.

SOUTHPORT MODERN 00110014 HEAD MASTER:— Mr. 3. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLICEXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus, &c., on application.

- - ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. From LIVERPOOL.From DOUGLAS. Saturdays and Mondale, Saturdays and Mondays, 10.30 a.m. 12 noon and 4 pm. 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. Other week-days 11.30 a.m. Other week-days 9 a.m. Mondays extra 12-30 p.m. ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. Saturdays and Mondays. From Liverpool 10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Due Douglas about ...2.15 p.m. Due Liverpool about 745 p.m DAY EXCURSION FARES : Fore Cabin 4s. Bd, Saloon 7s. LivurooL TO RAMSEY, Saturdays Direct, 12.30 noon, Thursdays. via Douglas 11.30 a.m. FARES : Return (2 months) Fore Cabin 6s. 6d., Saloon 98.6 d. Week Ends (Friday or Saturday to Monday or Tues- day), Fore Cabin 55., Saloon Bs. Hall Caine's •• Little Man Island" forwarded on receipt of stamps, value 2d. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. tvAgy,ok, THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to POUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in lonneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 55 a.m. SpeciE.l Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. 6d. } Trains run Third-class and Saloon . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lie. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or v.ce versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-Class and Saloon l9s, Od. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin ,9s. 6d. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney Yassengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE A Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAY BR OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. (ZPECIAL REDUCED FAR ES between LIVER- )," POOL, GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabin (single) 6s. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, 10s. ; Steerage (single) 3s. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheap rates to 'or from Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co ann Shropshire Union Canal Co. • LIVERPOOL AR!) GLASGOW. c=446. CALLING AT GREENOCK The first-class full-cowered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool, as under, carrying Goods and Passengers in terms stated in Sai.ing Bills, to be had from the Agents-- From Clarence Dock JULY (S.W. Side) at Bear Owl' Tursday, 25th. 10 p.m. C MACIVER & CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool ; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester, AGENTS, J. BRUCE MURRAY & Co., 24 George Square, Glasgow ;J. & J. DENHOLM. Greenock

J. AND W.. DUTTON, 16, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, RENDERED NECESSARY THROUGH ADDI- TIONS AND ALTERATIONS TO THEIR MMUS, IS NOW BEING HELD. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WI,aOWS FOR CHEAP _DRESSES.

T. 0-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLANV. THE TURF REG ISTRR. Published twice daily, Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Price st'published twice daily durins, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of poet card containing address. LIVERPOOL CUP, STEWARDS' Cur, GOODWOOD STARES ace., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINQS prr oz. IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, f Is. I SCALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

NORWAY, 1895. FORTNIGHTLY YACHTING CRUISES By the Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. " MIDNIGHT SUN" AND "NORSE KING." From NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE every Saturday, at 7.30 p.m. Fares from Twelve Guineas, Including every modern convenience and luxury. Apply for Itineraries to JOHN WALKER and Co.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington, or to PIRRIE, HOPE and Co., Baltic-chambers, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

IVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BANGOR, 1.4 BEAUMARIS and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY SAIL- INGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.S. BT. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrives Liverpool 7.30 p.m. Special Reduced Fares for Parties (if previously arranged at agents or at Office). N.B.—Every Saturday to 24th August the "BONNIE PRINCESS "will sail from Liverpool at 1-30 p.m.' and re urn from§Weles early each Monday to August 26. For Fares and further particu- lars apply Messrs. T. Cook & Son, Swan & LeaCh,.l Limited, Dean & Dawson, G. Gaze & Sons. Ltd.. or to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED, T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL. SATURDAY ANTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY. at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m.. for -LLAN- DUDNO and AIENAI BRIDGE, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.ll. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings.

EST AND QUICKEST ROUTE TO NOTtt WALES AND BACK SAME DAY. HOLYWELL, ST. WINIFRED'S WELL, PRESTATIN, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON Average Passage 11 Hours. Will Leave Prince's Landing-stage (weather and other circumstances permitting). From LIVERPOOL. I From MOSTYN. Monday, July 22. Tuesday, July 23, ... 90 a.m. I Tuesday, July 23.-12 30 p.m. Wed'day, July 24 9O p.m. I Wed'day, July 24,...1 30 p.m. Thursday. July 25,...10 0 p.m. I Thursday. Jaly 25, 2 P p.m. Friday. July 26 lOO a.m. I Friday, July 26, ... 30 p.m. Saturday, July 27 l2 0 a.m. Saturday, July 27, 330 p.m. Monday. July 29, 12 39 p.m. l Monday, July 9, ... 50 p.m. Tuesday, July 30 Wed'day, July 31 Single Fare. Return Fare. Deck ls. 6d. Deck 2s. Od. Bridge 2s. 6d. Bridge SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY AT 2 45 pm. refreshments on board at moderate charges. For further particulars apply to the Flying Falcon Steamship Co., Ltd., 27. Water•street, ' Telephone No. 2334.

.Averpool. _ EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: . JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER ' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- k) DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangTEETH. All consultations free. EETH. Each patient for wforong reqdtr.rehand the cost T TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH-. Painless Extracti4oLastehlizlrjeto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the lite J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (Nlr. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-sr RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-err. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMAItKET-ST

EPPS'S GRATRFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST-SUPPER. COCOA I BOILING WATER OR MILK.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 67, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire, Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & IV. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STIMET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK EbTIMATED FOR.

J. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OP PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED PROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

No Home ehould be Without the Household Favourites 4.4. OTANLEY ' BARING POWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURIMBY J. MEAD /WCROFT AND CO., Ti\NLRY MILLS,

r 3,10 RE, S''S TOLU AND MONEY. IThe oL Cure for Colds, Coughs, I Bronchitis. Am._ - MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. 4 The only Cure far 1 NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MOR Ins, CHEMIST. I ALEXA3DRA-IIOAD, MANCHESTER, l and all Dealers.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a I tte eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full parliculars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a llertain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how collier' or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pal Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Glai iimrd Street, London, N.W. A Pobltive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m., on TUE iDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

EADE'S GOUT & HEIMATIC PILLS I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADE'S pILLS. 107. XI hi lee-terrace, Wo, verhan3pton-road, EADE'S pILLS. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear write to thank you EADE'S ILLS, for the vvry greatamount of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Itheumatm Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so„ and am quite certaLla 1 SHOULD NOW CE ILL IN BED. el OUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still iteep at my work. I shall use RHEUMATISM eveyy endeavour to maks your Pitts more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per. —.I remain, yours faithfully, M E. GUEST. " Mr. G. Rade." EADE'S GOUT /4 RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared caly by George Hada, 72, Goswell,mado Loudon, 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. 10. and 28.9 d. EADE'S GOll7 & RHEUMATIC PILLS

-------- 114,414nd.Wales, Ireland, Sdotwo, 44,0 1 od. Foreign I . ). oti and the South ' itP4Tharn. tab & Lyn ' -o.nehester R 6 Y , S.-East 'Lan ..! -'• . eilrornkepsh, ire, Dnrham. Northt. n ueraind ad Lincolnshire eo . 'Liverpool, Birkenhead, t k uthport Preseot Wig4o. Ortris- ,„ to`nir., , Widnes, & Ea. rlestown . Foreign, and the South.- ii„uland est Counties & South Wales ...COTI North Lancasi,.e. New Wtna-le-Willows St. Helens, and hester ' ''''''''''''' , pahoheste.r......."--....... lidon and Foreign, South, S.- 1. "e,rn, and Minland Counties , snire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ci''ft'• Wales, and Ireland . hu, -Ow Preston, Wigan Man- i. elleat. er, Bolton, & Chester ... '''''' ,ondon and Foreign, South. S.- ' 'Smetana, Midl nd, Northern, e Z %ster n Count' ies & Lancashire , it.Padgate. la,r' 00 ist on, Stockton, and Stretton ' Bildnti & Foreign South, and S - , ',Astern Counties

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Clolhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. Ail places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-unsler-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield., Midland and Southern Counties, lkorth Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales.Preston,S t.llelens, Southport. and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lawton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. AU Parts—General Night Mail.

COLWYN BAY.—St. Winifred's Boarding House, Mostyn- road. Pleasantly situated, comfortable, liberal table, Moderate terms.—Mrs. GRAY. TOD LACKPOOL.—CLARBMONT BOARDING ESTABLISH- I/ MBNT, 13 and 14 Lansdowne Crescent, Claremont Park. Tariff.—R. 11. MABBOTT, proprietor.

r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 1J PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end. terms 158.—E. BIKER, Proprietor.

('‘OHNTRY HOTEL and Boarding House, private roo ms V with or without board; two miles from Bassenthwaite Lake Station ; good fising ; beautiful scenery. Terms moder- ate. Conveyance for hire.—Apply to Hrs. WATSON, Castle Inn, Bassenthwaite, Keswick.

QOUTHPORT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO-Phys., Dr. Li BARNARD°, Summer and Winter Res dence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish, Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer Terms from 75. per day.—J. BOOCOCIC, Proprietor.

LANDUDNO.—WBST END BOARDING ESTABLISH - 14 MINT; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness. god management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charminl situation ; view of bays, close to beach. pavilion, pier, golf links ; liberal table; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JEPHCOTT, pro- prietor.

( LANDUDNO.—PARADE HOTEL. Church-walks. Ex- cellcnt accommodation ; moderate tariff; high-class Ordinary daily at 1 45 ; choirs and picnic parties spLcially catered for ; boarding ,terms.—C. T. C.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 3; 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

MORECAMBE.—Mrs. Foster (from Ha ifax), 18, Edward- at. (first street from Midland Station). Comfortable APARTMENTS. TEW BbIGHTON, Pioneer Refreshment Rooms 53, Vic- -11 toria-road. Goo i accommodation for commercials, ex- cursionists. cyclists and pleasure parties. Dinners, teas, &c. Good beds. Charge or contracts. DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Good, comfortable lodgings at 4 Grosvenor Road; reasonable terms; take cab, (half will le paid) drive o above address.

()LD, view, rYmNs.—: u renriasthee. Applypn t mls w tes tc, D let. ,44,00( I G eean Ivor, Abergele-road. 13"coe central,ublic a privatenad.d in oi er ate. APARTMENTSiRsA, 2!lovrserDy roKfl'o r°t abrl Heath House, 43, Talbot-road.

• HYL.—Comfortable Apartments; sea view: • nished ; good cooking, attelidance ; next Parade ; per- fect sanitation. Moderate. 18 Queen-st. • MOHECAMBH.—Comfortable APAHTMHNTS. public or private, pleasantly situated, close to F ea, terms reason- able.—Mgs. NEWTON, 37 Alexandra-road, West End. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APAI:TMENTS, with or wi• bout board; reatonable charges; piano.—MßS. BROADMOST, Belmont House. 19. Hull-road.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. livivvort, 26, Talbot-square ; com- fortable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartments priv..,te or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

I AIM, uninterrupted view of lake. 3 sitting 7 bedrooms, 1 / box-room. bath, hot w der. gas ; clo,e to per and coaches ; terms moderate.—Apply No. 1, SANDHET'S AVENUE, Waterloo, near Liverpool. POLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Bstab- l../ scent ; near sea and woods ; beautiful situation ; board and residence from 21s pet week and daily terms.—Mas. BRACKsTONE, Plas-y-coed.

SHAP, WESTNIORLA.N D. Furnished HOUSE or APART- MONTS to be let, two sitting, four betroorns, garden ke.. extensive views. five miles tiom lake fieweswater, best position.—ROßosox, Hill Top. Shap.

BLACKPOOL. —5, Wilton Parade Claremont Park Private Ap rtments ; large lofty rooms ; facing sea families boarded it requ.red ; hot, cold, and sea-water baths; —Address. Mrs. WHITING. OUTHPORT FOR lIRLLTI4.—No. 5, Promenade has Li been recently beautified and •übstautially furoished for families used to good hames. Address or apply to M. JONES, as above.

BLACK POOL.—Mre. Holman (from Acf:ringion). Black- burn House, 13, High-street, Blackpool Comfortable Apartments; two minutes' walk from Talbot-road btation and sea. Plano. DOUGLAS.—Delamere House. No. 1, Empress Drive. Public and private Apartments with or v,ithout board. All bedrooms lacing sea. Irams pass from landing pier.-4. B. HOUGH, Proprietor..

ST. BEE'S, Cumberland.—Furnished HOUSE to be Let. mouth or six weeks; two sitting, five bed rooms (seven beds). bail,. &c ; close to ; safe bathing; easy r aeh of lakes; good fishing near; five guineas weekly.-2. Crescent.

LACKPOOL.—Visitors wdl find corntortable APART• MIONTS, with or without boArd at Mrs. t owEres, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private aputinenta. Close to sea. Plano.

OUGLAS.—To be Let, well Futnished House, or Apart- ments, Woodburn-square, five minutes frorn promenade; two reception and five bed-rooms. w.a., bath, hot and cold water. Terms moderate.—Apply 60, Do ICE-ST., Douglas. -DLACKPOOL, superior APARTMENTS public to d private; 6 sitting-rooms facing the sea, pisnos, bath ; terms moderate.—Mß. WALTON, 10, Ty ldesley Terrace, promsnade.

DOUGLAS. MRS. CHALMISIIS and Mrs. LTICJARD, York DOUSE, Cattle Drive, faclngrastle Mona Hotel. Splenoid Sea View. Trams pass the doorievery few minutes. Private t•itting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

I LAISDIMNO.—Superior Apartments ; clean, comfortable, .14 homely; every home comfort; grand scenery; pure, bracing air. Terms very moder.te. Highly recommended. Birmingham reterences.—Mrs. liatutow, stone Grove, Lloyd- street. HUSWALL.—Detached Furnished HOUSE TO HE LET, pleasantly situated, facing the Dee, two entertaining and five bedrooms, bath, hot and cold water, mcdern con- veniences, large garden, greenhouse, and stable.—Address ltiaswalm. 71, Hamilton-st Biraenhead.

T LANDUD NO.—villa (superior) to Let. furnished August 1.1 or longer; facing sea. charming situation ; live bedrooms (seven beds), three sitting-rooms, bath (hot), lavatory. piano, good kitchen and scullery, every convenience for cooking and washing.—Address LILENona, Craig-y-don Llandudno.

_ eIHARMINGIintIErt RHSORT.—HESWALL. CHII- - West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, ea and moun- tain views, good shore, most delicious and bracing air. Write for prospectus, "Glendower" BoanntNo HOUSe. Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends 9s. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

'URIeikIOULDERS, SORE HACKS, &c., quickly CUBED BY CONDY'S FLHIHL Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, outs, bruises, troken knees, cracked heels. grease or thrush. CURICD in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Candy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbe eff. Prices, oz. is.; 20 es,, Is. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases lf Horses, Dogs, Bce. from CONDY'fi FLUID WORKS.6I. Turnmill-street. Lonrion.E

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMBETS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

UORPEITED. Patent Silver Lever J. WATCH. by Russell and Son. Payments taken. Church-st., Livetpool, in extra stout cases,compensation b dance and fully jewelled. Cheapest Watch In toAn S. for

Q DAY repeating Carriage CLOCK, strikes hours and half hours on sweet-toned Cathedral gong, cost 5 Payments taken. guineas when new off those well- known makers Elkington and Sons, of Liverpool, This is a rare oppor- tunity and ought not to be missed. 22 10s. Given away for

ATERY handsome pair of China V FIGURES, under shades 15 in. Payments taken. high, to clear, only 10s. lid. ; also very pretty centre-piece to match of 10 6 two FIGURES, price only S. D.

OCT this week, very pretty Gold BROOCH, Government Hall Payments taken. marked, set with very fine Diamond of splendid colour and quality, nearly new. Our price, with case 12 11 complete S. D.

‘ITALNUT OVER MANTE L, 36in. Payments taken. by 371 n„ English plate-glass, brackets for ornaments, &a. A grand 15 6D. bargain for s. - MODEL Grandfather's CLOCK. In splendid Walnut case,grand Payments taken. movement and good timekeeper, suitable for Bedroom, case aloe is worl h the money we are asking. Price only 9s. D. HAND - PAINTED Toilet SET, richly gilt, beautiful design, Payments taken. make a splendid pre.ent. At a re- duced price to make room A bar- 15 11 gain for S. 0.

FRODSHAM.—FreehoId Detached House ON SALE, three sitting. five bedrooms, large gardens; rent £25, no chief; price £soo.—BArmovr, Church-lane, Sale. DRABS PLATES. Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates ac.—CaLtmr.s R. HALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

friOLF BALLS re-made and guaranteed. Returned 2s. per d z. Unbreakable clubs. the cheapest and best In the trade. Role cutters, tine, Rags, &C..—WAGGOTT, Idusselburgh.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derhyshire.—Apply to J. Mamas°, 16, Fenwics-street, Liverpool. IN SALE 2000, tons wrought, steel and cast, scrap, turn- ings, boiler plates, steam toilers, tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.—Apply D. MOULT, Worksop. .N (Ate.

L,AItI2HENWARE and China.—Secons, £2 crates; best. .114 £3 ;or will set.d 15 dozen seconds articles tor 17s 6d. Write for lists. IN E .BB and Lo., hallway Passage. Longton, taffordahire.

66 i,ZTEPPONiut kitegister ed).—Liguid Fixature,promotes kJ growth, and instantly artat.ges the Moustache to any desired nhape,—Post tree is., trom the " ST EPPON AS " Co., 20, North Jonn-st., Liverpool. ININNUFACTUREted IIItNINALITS in Calicoes, Prints Muffs, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirtiugs, Ic., 10Ib bundles, cheap. Price lists free.—W. CLanicsois, Pent Mar chant, awalne-.t.. Bradtord, Yorkshire.

LIOLF CLUBS. Golf Balls. A pronounced success. Bed 1... A materials, workmanship, and tasiest terms. dales m- oralised four-foid iu six months. Balls 7s. per ,oz. free.— VV.scidoTT. lidusse burgh.

-DHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free)of amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exeIIauged.—YHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Ahnehester (All Saints).

FOUND, a.waY to make One Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful otock of Gentle n's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress suits on hire, 3s. to ss. per day.—ELwooD, 164, Loudon-road. Liverpool, TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON VI SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

Cl_llE/VP SURPRISE —NEVER KNOWN BEFORE.—OoId kJ and Silver English Lever Watches and Chains delivered on first payment of Ls. td., and not on the hire system; warranted tor ten years.—HlLLS, 192, Stanley-road, and 8, GL eat omer-street. Liverpool.

DRESS SUITS, 208. excellent Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description alwilys In stock.—ELwoon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

DRonor YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds.— ..IL Tanned NE 1T1NG,35 square yards for Is. Will not rot if !sit out In all sorts of weathers. Sent any width ; car- riage paid 011 all orders over Sc. as supplied to the Loyal G rdens. Sent on approv..l. Hundreds of Testimonials HHNRY JOHN GA.,t•ON. Fish Merchant, Nye, Sussex.

IENTSi Tents 1 ! Tents 1! ! Suitable for Gardens, Cricket, or Csmping-out Purpo es, 40 feet in circum- ference. pure linen, with pegs, po!es, and lines complete, These tents ere white, and have only been used a little by her IJajesty's Government, and cost over LB each I will sead v..e complete tor : can be sent on approval.—HEaßY J. GASSON. Government contractor, bye, Sussex. rip() tvATuiLMAlibitS.—To be sold a Watch, Cieek, and wellery b..siness in a thickly populated district near Wigan, situated in the main strt at. espeas,s low, excellent °ppm unity for a practical and energetic young men, with mad capital, part of stock removed if desired, satistactory reasons tor selling.—Apply in first instance BS Examiner Office, Warrington. .

FISHMONGERS, HAWKERS, &o.—We now send a 10-stone, Lit mixed Fresh Fish, cod, ling. haddocks, rock salmon, plaice. gurn,ts, for P.O. lOs ; a trial soli ited ; satisfaction guaranteed; fry ere also supplied.—Al WYLIF: and Co., Fish Cocks, GriznaLy.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in sto3k. Veneered and fancy WCofi mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, cleographs, ac. Further reduct,on In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. livery requisitas for the trade and exportation. Special attention to co ntry and shim ing orders. Full particulars in New Pattern ..a9x just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-at„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock Lists end prices et glass monthly,free.

lEBERT'S TONIC. invaluable to early rieers. The Tonic par excellence for all including those whose work compels them to inh Ile dust. This is the finest preparation known to science for bracing up and strengthing the system. It imparts a rosy colour to the cheeks, brightness to the eyes, elasticity to the step, and enables you to thoroughly appreciate the joy of living, and the priceless blessing of entire good healt St Batt. e.ontaining one week's supply. poet free, 3s. 9d Proprietors, A. D. HARRISON IND CO., 13, Drurylan, Liverpool.

the most in ACf a rEaNn tZe di E'StoFEreNm4 Ao,LeE 01:13TRUCTICNI and IRREGULARITIES in 12 bows. HARMLESS. Nothing can mist it. Failure is impossible. Sead stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TR .••••TI MONIALS, and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever failed—even in the most longstanding, intricate, and lingering eases. Post free, under cover. with written guarantee of cure ss. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. E. MACKENZIE. Trafford IL.u.te, 83, Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

WANTED, Agents and others haring spare time, to take Orders for Musical Instrument s, Watches, Cl3cks, Sewing Machines, Mangles, Bassinettes ad other Goods ; cash or easy payments,—E. Owntobtaf,Mardol. Shrewsbury.

CIVIL and Electrical Envineering.—Vacancy for Pupil in the Office of the Engineer and Surveyor to the Bar- mouth District Council; sewerage waterworks. &c. ; prepara- tion tor professional examinations.— Address Mr. T. BLACK- BURN. civil engineer, Barmouth, North Wales.

WANTED, Men, Youths, and Boys to Buy every descrip- tion of Clothing, ready-made or made to measure. Easy payments at cash prices. Payments to suit customers' own convenience.—Apply personally any evening, 6to 9. or by letter, which will receive prompt attention.—D. BLAME. 16, Erskine stria. Liverpool.

WANTHD.—FURNITURB and every class of goods pur- chased for imrrediate man, outside value given or if preferred, liberal advances on storage from one shilling per week. No charge for laspection or removal. Instant atten- tion. Having purchased many thtia sands of houses of Furniture during past forty years amply testifies highest price, and every satisfaction is given —(IILORGE TURNER and SONS (established 2810), 44, Churca-street, Liverpool. Telephone 1,897.

pIINKETH, COTTAGES, 2s, Bd. per week. UNION STRBBT, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. Apply, ROBERT Lows. Ilstate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55. 910 LET. No 7, Palmyra Square. Rent f..3B.—Apply 1. CARTER & SON, Bridge-et., Warrington.

HOUSI4 TO LBT, 126, Wilderspool-road, Warrington, 4 be rooms, drawing-room. dining-room, kitchen, scullery, &c., rent £lB. Immediate possession.—Apply at 212, Wllderspool-read.

QTOCKTON HBATlL—Houies composed of four bedrooms. 0 two sitting rooms, bath room, w.c., kitchen, cAlars, etc. Rent £l9 10s. Also good bays at ss. per week.—BosTocx. Wilderspool, Warrington. QT. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.---To Sell or Let, lIOUSFS 0 situate in and numbered 18 and 20, to. Alban's-road ; immediate possession.—App'y J. D. WALSH, solicitor, Orchard-road. ',lt. Annes-on the-Sea. rlO LET, old-established DINING-ROOMS. doing a capital trade ; to.esent owners retiring from further business; grand opening for young or middle-aged couple. Every satisfaction given.—Apply MR. KNIGHT, Nuttall-at., Rochdale.

HOUolg. —To be Let, "Primrose Hill," Hurtonwood. con- taining two entertaining-rooms, four bedros ms, kitchen, larder, outside washhouse, stable and large garden ; rent LDS per years—Apply to Mr. W. FAIRCLOLGH Brook Farm, Buttonwood, WarrillgioO. Or to Mr. T. LATImEa, Commission Agent 69. Cross Lane, Barb stown.

Attorirp. rrßy, AND BB CONVINCHD. Money advanced daily at 1 a few ho ire notice trom £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house it nreferrf-d. Letters promptly attendesi to.—Apply In confidence J0N11,3, 64. Church-strect, Warringi on. Private house. Spccial terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

Nii Icn UNLh3S CASH is ADVANUED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70.000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at hii disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply cm note of hand Distanca no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 22, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours Pa m, to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

M oNpuEbYl icL4NL os enc unroi ttye , forfomh a ntoalotone iswoithoo,t,toslaudrTetiseosr, gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or auy responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower it.terest then elsewhere, No fees or preliminary charges hatever rietly private, prompt and straightforward dealing's gua anteed. Bills d,scounted, lies- pectsble borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender,,' or so called banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me. and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lilher- land Alley, houth Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND oTRICTLY Pill VAT To respectable Householders, F.qmers, Tradesmen and others. Male or Female. Rep synaents Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office home 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOZEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 125, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRIN GT ON . VTR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCRE .L.T.L PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Partners, Working-men and all resneet able lic aseholders, on their own security. sIIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO rURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public engem'', on your simple written prcruise to pay back.—Apply r t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lan., any Evening from et.) 7. Applications from RUNCORN an, District generally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION LOAN AND DISCO VET COMPANY. LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO HEAD OFFICE-38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £3 000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, 30., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable 58. per week l4s. 9d. £2O Bs. ~ £5O „ 20s. „ £l.OO 4os. „ £6 its. £5OO ,. £lO „ £lOOO £2o First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l,OOO. to respectable persons, on the Borrow,rs' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. I Without Sureties Also on Deeds Delay. ' „ Life Polices Repayments. „ taw Costs. Ac. by easy „ Pubdcitv• At 5 per cent. Instalments Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bonn-tide I Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERd requested not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 41a, Market-at., Manchester.

F URNISH AT WORSLEY'S, "THE PANIHBON. GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. F URNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED

SFECIAL NOTICE. —WORSLEYS BUY, SELL, or EX- CHANGE FURNITURE to any amount; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture. go to Worsley's. There is more irnuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put together. If you wish to Exchange your Furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably deslt with.

WBBKLY CHAT.—Subject Second-hand Furniture.— The opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- ' wife to put her house in order, therefore the matter of furni- shing must be well discussed. We cannot, therefore, do better than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- ciding where and what to putchase. This visit cannot pos- sibly but prove remunerative, if only in experience. " The Pantheon " being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close to the Central Station. having a frontage of nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled from floor to ceiling (six storeys) with the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World. This Is not an exaggeration, but can be verified by ocular demonstration if you pay a visit to Manchester. Suites of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall. Lamb, Ogden, asc., original cost from £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £5O to £7O, for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Worsley's is the place as described.

rill) COUNTRY BUYERS.—The enormons patronage en- joyed by Worsley's from customers all over Lanc.tshire. Yorkshire, Cheshire, The Potteties. all over the North, The Midis-ids, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Wm siey's. In future carriage will be paid on all orders over £2O to any part of England and Wales. It is only fair to say that better value could net be obtained than Wortvey's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what distance 3ou live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per cent.

IAUTION.—Be" are of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- niture, no matter how low the price is— it is dear at any price. Worsley's have second-hand reliable furniture by good makers, which will last for ages. Th.re is no disputing the fact that high-class second-hand ftrnitut e is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the article is old- fashioned. This is easily remedit dat Worsley's, they having over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising second-band fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevelled, and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering. grub eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture is not troubled with these complaints. They give a written warranty for 10 years with all furnishhing orders.

kIEW FURNITURE.—AII Worsley's new furniture is their a.l own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-hand. Worsley's have, there- fore, erected a Cabinet Woks in City-road, with an immense stock of seasoned timber for the pruduction of reliable furni- ture. Every item in the Bedding Department is new, guaran- teed pure, under minute inspection.

COMPLBTR FURNISHING 011ORRS.—Worsley's cater specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimates free, and believe in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratio of profit than single articles.

GREAT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE HOUSES OF FU HOUSE OF FURNITURE FOR £2O. A capital House of Furniture is now on view, late the property of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss side Minchester, contains complete furniture for sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rooms, hall, stairs, landing, to. Full particulars post free.— WORSLEY'S.

HOUSES OF FURNITURE' (SECOND HAND). £lO, £2O, £3O. £4O, £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture in stock have been considerably re 'Weed, complete lists of which will be sent on application post free. All guaranteed for five years. IPORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised be'ow are priced at the lowest possible figure, for prumpt cash; if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent must be added.

TEE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. -- . COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid House of ;Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant !cubes, the frames beauti- full3, carved in bas relief ; has comfortable couch andluxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table ton atch. extends to dine 40, with incised early English legs ,43. patent castors; a handsome Per lan bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender.flre brasses and dogs complete ; cornice, with rings, ends and .brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; and las , whi:h is thrown in gratis and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for RII adver- tisement, a handsome Amerie,n walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style to mach the dining-roome suite. The Bedroom suite is solid Cypru wood an 4 is a suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much as we ask for the whore of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and mats, elled bedstead, with complete fittd,gs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, Art. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs h avy white top table, fender, ashcan. and top bar, floorclo'h or kitchen, landing, and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by defers. d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competilicar ; if you approve buy, if you don't there is no harm donee—WOES LEN'S.

4 DISASTROUS UNHAPPY MARRIAGE.—WORSLEY offers a grand °ppm tun,tv in a complete House of Furniture, just purchased in consequence of a disastrous mart iage resulting in separation. The whole of the furniture was made to order, and is in rplendid condition. Briefly described it consists of a fine sett of Dining-room e urniture, having a magnificent sideboard, modern in style, handsomely carved in bas relief; a suite of couch, two easy chairs and six padded back single chairs uphMstered in merocco, a massive diningtable, telescopic extension, a substantial overmantel to match, and a coal cabinet, the whole being in brown oak ; also solid brass tender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale Furniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a se tee, two elegant easy 'chairs and several C3itS- ional chairs a match overmantel, three occasional tables, coal Pabinet and a massive solid brass fender, dogs, and tire- brasses. The Best Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled ,date-glass cents a door,dressing table, washstand, table de null, thrte chairs and towel airer, a re assive brass and enamelled Yersien bedste ad, with spring and new hair mattresses ; besides sundries. The Second Bed- room consists just the same articles, but is furnished in American walnut. The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Xitchen contains th- usual requisites. The whole forms a Compact. substantial, handsome house of furniture, space preventing anything like an adequate des- miption. The price for the lot is £122 10s. A lull list, con- taining every item, will be sent, post fre The lot will be s,ored tree until required upon payment of 5 p.:,r cent deposit. Delivered free.—WORSLEY'S, Onythorn.

COMPLIIITH ROUSH for £250. This is a special bargain. but wou'd take too much space to al scribe. It is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, and three bed rooms, servants' rooms, sitting-room, kitchen, hall lurnitue, &c., carpets, oil- clo' las, ;in fact, every requisite. Full particulars on applicatlon.—WOßSLEY'S.

EMERI FACIAS. r A writ of Fier! Fades has been the means of Woreley's securing the whole of the furniture of a 1301, on gentleman, and is now on view at Worsiey 'a at an enormous sacrifice. Prices are quoted separately tor e'wh room. If sold in one lot 10 per cent. will be dedu-ted, but any single article may be pur based. Every article guaranteed for 10 years; delivered Carriage paid.—lnspection Invited. The Dining Room is handsomely furnished in pollard oak, contains a massive suite, richly carved, upholstered in the most, expensive English morocco leather, stuffed in hair; magnificent Sit. 6in. sideboard, the most reutifully marked and figured wood 10 England; a gr nd 121 t. dining table, heavy carved legs; a spler.did heavy overmantel to match, also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and produced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly £4IJO; our prile £137. A wonderful b rgain.

The Drawing lea charminz picture of good taste, being en- tirely Chippendale. coot sins, briefly, an elegant sft. cabinet, all carved and perforated in Egyptian pediments, fitted with idiant plate-glass panels; a recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 6 occasional chairs. all various designs, vpholsterei in silk Genoa as desired, selecticm Ci tints sut4mitted, the whole having been repaired for re-covering ; a very beautiful over- mantel and a set of three occasional tables complete; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth 2251. The Breakfast Room is furnished in AmeriCan walnut and would be acceptable in any dining room, has a Sit. sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved in bas relief ; a Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle bagt, the couch and easy chairs are large and comfortably luxurious; good heavy Dining Table, Overmantel, and Coal Cabinet, complete; the lot for which theridiculously low price of £32 10d. will secure a great bargain. The Bedrooms, foul' in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The bestbedroom Suite is one of the handsomest In Manchester. made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in remarkably i handsome satinwood; cost £2SC. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the lot. The suite consists of the ward- r,,be Bft., dressing table 51t., washstand sft., pedestal cup- board, chairs. and rail ; our price for quick sate £65. Magni- ficent solid brass Persian Bedstead, bit. wide. with sprin2 matttess, thick hair mattress; Silk Plush and Cretonne Dra- pery ; the lot for £2O, worth £6O. The Second Bedroom contains an extraordinary Pollard Oak Bedroom Suite, by Shepperton, full ante as the best rooin ; wardrobe 6ft ,and is honestly worth £75 ; our p, ice £35. The brass Persian bedstead, similar to the best room and completely fitted, will be sold for 212 10s. The Third Be iroom contains a splendid American Walnut Bedroom Suite for 20 guineas, exquisitely carved, full of beauty, and Is a grand bargam. Brass bedstead complete as described above in the best room fur £9 9s. The Fourth Bedroom contains a Suite in American Ash, a full, complete suite for 10 guineas ; also a brass Persian bed- stead complete for £6 10 t The furniture as de,cribed above is on view, and will be packed and delivered Iree, stored until required, and a written warranty with everything for 10 years,

OFF' URN ITU it iC liomfi At F American Roll-top Desks in gr,at variety,from £6 103. Flat-top Office Desks, from 30s. ; Pedestal, Registered, ami CO:oder Desks. trom £3 10s. All to be c:earea during Ihe Mar,it Sale; wonderfnl barL;Mos. Add 10 per cent, to evervthingif on deferred t ayments.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT , AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION ROOMS—No. 1 Bank Street} Warrington AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Establi 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Gnat,- anteo and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Roller Insurance Company , Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OPEICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBERS. SALEROOM:— 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENIS INVITED.

RUNCORN, CUESBIRE. VALUABLE GROUND RENTS, BUILDING LAND and COTTAGES in RUNCORN and HALTON, CHESHIRE, with frontages to the Man heater Ship Canal. By Order of Wright's Trustees. To wind up an old trust in consequence of the death of His. E. A. KIRKMAN. rro BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. 1 WILLIAM WILSON A SON, at WILSON'S HOTEL, RUNCORN, in the County of Chester, on WEDNESDAY,the 31syr DAY of JULY, 1895, at 4 o'clock prompt, in the after- noon, subject to the general conditions at bale of the Man- chester Incorporated LAW Association and to Special condi- tions, the tollowing properties :- LOT 1.-A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £5 9s. reserved out of 436 6-9 square yards of land, and 4 dwelling-houses thereon, Ness. 48 to 54, Bold-street, Bridge-street, Runcorn. LOT 2.--A YFARLY GROUND RENT of £9 85. 3d. reserved out of 753 squareyards of land and 9 dwelling-houses thereon, Nos. 21 to 27, Stanley-street, and 1 to 9, Fisher-street, Irwell-lane, Runcorn. LOT 3. A YHARLY GROUND RENT of £lO 17s. 6d. reserved out of 870 square yards of land, and eight dwelling- houses thereon numbered 29 to 43, Stanleyst., aforesaid. LOT 4. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £lO Bs. 10d, reserved out of 626 69 square yards of land, and five dwell- ing-houses thereon numbered 41 to 49. Irwell-lane, Runcorn, LOT 5. A YSAIILY GROUND RENT of £9 lls. 6d, reserved out of 766 square yards of land, and eight dwelling-houses thereon numbered 17 to 31, Parker-st., Bold-st., Runcorn, LOT 6. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £6 15s. reserved out of 540 2-9 square yards of land, and six dwelling-houses thereon numbered 18 to 28 Parker-st., aforesaid. LOT 7. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £2 Bs. 81. reserved out of 1941 square yard. of land, and two dwelling-houses thereon numbered 30 and 32 Parker-st., aforesaid. LOT 8. A YFARLY GROUND RENT of 9545. reeetyad out ol 416 square yards of land, and five dwelling-houses thereon numbered 6 to 14. Po.d-at., aforesaid. LOT 9. A PLOT OF BUILDING LAND containing 1,253 3-9 square yards or thereabouts, situate near the lower end of Irwell-lane, Runcorn, and fronting to Fisher-st., and a 10 yards intended street dividing such lot from the property of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. LOT 10. - A PLO I of BUILDING LAND containing 1,328 8-9 square yards, fronting to Irwell-lane, and tc the said 10 yards wide arrest.. LOT 11.-A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 753 square yards, fronting to Stanley-st. and Fisher-st., Irwell- lane, Runcorn. LOT 12.-A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 905 6-9 square yards, fronting to Fi sher-st. and Stanley-st.,aforesaid. LOT 13. TWO DWELLING-HOUSES with Outbuildings and Vacant Land in trwell-lane, Runcorn, on the westerly side thereof, and °posit e to Grosvenor-at. The site of this Lot contains 1,646 6-9 square yards. LoT 14.-TWO DWELLING-HOUSES with Outbuildings, Schoolroom, Yard, and Gardens fronting to and on the westerly side of Irwell-lane, and opposite to Norfolk-street. The site of this Lot contains 1,622 6-9 square yards. LoT 15.-A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 883 1-9 square yards situate behind Lot 14, and fronting to Parker- at. and Fisher-at. LOT 16.-A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 520 6-9 square yards. opposite to Lot 15, and fronting to Fisher-st. LOT 17.-A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 438 6-9 square yards Rejoining to Lot 16. LOT 11.-The DWELLING-HOUSE with YARD and OUT- BUILDINGS, No. 40, I rwell- tine, occupied by Miss Warner at a rent of £l4. This lot contains 126 square yards and is leasehold for 999 years subject to a ground rent of £1 16a. B.d. and to the Lessees Covenant in the Lease thereof from the Mersey and Irwell Navigation Company, dated lat January. 1853. LOT 19.-A PLOT of LAND CONTAINING 2a. 3r. 33p. or thereabouts situate near Hlghfield House, at Highfield. near Runcorn, having a southerly frontage of about 76 yards to the road from Hun° mu to Hightield called Highfielo-road, and fronting on the three ether sid a to land of the Bridgewater Trustees of Messrs. Greenall and of Messrs. John and William Right's Trustees. Lo T 20.-A PLOT of LAND at HIGHFIELD containin g sa. 3r. 271 p. or thereabouts situate partly behind Highfield House but having a frontage of about 65 yards to Highfield- road end extending northerly to the Manchester Ship Canal with a frontage of about, 77 yards thereto bounded on tha westerly ales by land of I lie Bridgwater Trustees and land ' of Messrs. Greenall. and on the easterly side partly by land of ' the Bridgewater Irustees and partly by land of the Highfield Tannin. Company, Limited. LOT 21.-A PLOT of LAND containing 4a. 2r 18p. or there- , abaut also situate at Id ighfield having a southerly frontage of about 54 yards to Highs id-road and a northerly front ,ge of about 51 yards to the Ship Canal bounded westwardly by the I property of the Auetraltan Alum Company, Limited. and eastward!), partly by lend of Sit Richard Brook and partly by land of the Bridgewater Trustees LOT 22.-A PLOT o' LAND, containing 3 roods,2Bl perches, situate near to lot 21, being divided therefrom by land of the Bridgewater Trustees bounded on the northerly side by land ot Sir Richard Brook, and on the easterly, southerly, and , westerly sic Les by land of the Bridgewater trustees, together with a right if ro d over the occupation road connecting this lot with highfield road. Lops 20 AND 21, will be sold with the benefit of the pro- visions for the benefit of Mrs Kirkman's Trustees, contained in the Manchester :ship Canal Act 1893, and the Man,hester Ship Canal A c 1885, under which those lots are declared to be land abuttin .4 on the Canal, with consequent rights as to making lay-oyes :private W harves,and other conveniences free of Wharfage rat's. LOT 23.-FOUR COTTAGES with GARDENS, No. 95 to 10 t Halton-road, Runcorn, situate in front of the Helton-road Old Tannery. This It contains eleven and a half perches, is leasehold for 999 years, but free t rom ground rent. I LOT 24.-11 i Rt, 14 COTTAGES, No. 1,3, to 107 Halton-road, aforesail with a plot of land behind the same extending to the Bridgewater Canal, and occupied as Gardens to the Cot- tages. This lot contains I rood, 9 perches, or thereabouts and is bounded on part of the westerly side, by lot 23, and in the remnining part by th e Halton-road Old Tannery. LOT 25. -T WItNTY-T 11 E LOTTAGES Nos. 49, Canal- treet,and Ito 44, inclusive in Norton-street,Runcorn aforesaid with Gardens thereto, together wit h a plot of lan.l containing ' ale out 3 rote's. situate behind the Cottages and bounded west- wardly in part by prof erty of kir. William Park, and the re- maining pa, t by prop, rtv of the Executors of W. Rigbv,north- , wardly by land 01 the Bridgewater Trustees and eastwardly , by land of t e Trust es of James Patterson. ' All the above lots are freehold except lots 18 and 23, and are free from chief rests. For 6 urtSer Particulars and Plans apply to Mr. WILLIAM FISHER, he Nool.. Higher Runc,,rntto the AUCTIONEERS. , 29, Fountain-street, or to al sirs. TAYLOR, KIRKMAN, and I COLLEY, Solicitors, 8, John Dalton-street, Manchester.

FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. ---- EADE'S pILLS. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. E dtersea , SW.. January 27, 1892, EADIVS plus. " Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise LeADE'S pILLS. for Introducing such a valuable 1 medicine as your Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never hul anything to relieve my pin so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less llthan a week. My complaint lIRUYIATISM is the worst of all Gouts, /2. l_)1 called Chalk Gout. —Yours OUT "W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOS.v bILL-bOAD, LONDON. •, and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and Is. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

-r BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS A"vnAtt." Gyss, litra BELL'S PATENT ASBESTOS FACED VAL , BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, ttiev BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS, led SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, 43 t MANHOLE RINGS, AND POli ABESTOLINB, ; aodV ert hie Can only be Ostaine4 Genuine, Direct from the So-e , the,: in the Northern Counties : F. R. P U T Z, eXt/ 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate. Mallehester' eke AND PUT Z, qv RIP HEY, A'N D 00" tAle; 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, LiVerpool. Not Illustrated Catalogues post free oil apP Telegram Addresses : ' ,-,80001. " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos. s BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIO' Ti OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEA .)LEF2I,----- i I TUCK AND l.°" Lib, Limited. OCES* The Bastion. INDIA RUBBER /t PURE AsiasTos a- of , a LEATHER BELTING. 1101 HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACee,, O. Vat Guaranteed quality. 00111 Lace, Thread, er Copper Sewn. or ' likg, CEMENTED ONLY. I tbo BONA FIDE MANUFACTU"I". i 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, oeee Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester and P'' ticel London, Cardiff, Newport, an ' thot LBATHFR WORKS. LIVERE° NA, Ikt. PECK ETT AND SCINS , LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDBES, tile ] . BRISTOL. NEW *ill Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery to evilt, LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 1n - - 16 is , diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. et 99 Full particulars on application• ..----- 0119------, - I:4114 WOOLS, WORSTEDS, itch,E AND ettl I eqd KNITTED llos 1 sal the • DIRECT FP OM OUR OWN MILLS. 441, FLEMING, HEIM AND Ca, SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS' . tile 1 THE WORSTED MILLS, 0REENO01" the/ Have Opened a Branch of the ..: refo ‘ll t Scorcu WOOL & HIXIERY L'" ° lorta the AT al 37, BRIDGE STREET. takei refox that WARRINGTON. Libe For the Ssle of the Celebrated 13" GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED 11051:15 on' te e SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. Tbe" (1,,c°000134 Aowc well known and largely used in every Town is ' thetli and England. l'eal TE FOS' PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SCP 1.1 .„, - Wilk glisb .1------6 Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotchand v —n- likk LI DR. ocurs pthLs.a ~„„iff, 11' ViT,P. Not :prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIO-Est,- jos SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSIoN, IRRITABILIII.O, eCitlti APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HkARTBURN, GIDDINESS, th -9 1 S, 0 ego', oe,a4 as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE OatW th hee:BetOrrtilbsil: being mild in their operation and grateful to "R. SCOTT'S PIU atl They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different: Live,,c og 0 I/ causing the necessary organs of the Stomach an' °roma° resume their activity, thus restoring the aPPetite' digestion and strengtheniag the is hole system. Ilitlg I )R, S€olls nits. ts'4r P ..„ I should be kept at hand by all Heads of househoidS,,o,osere' onclioe &hi to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part a t . ~,tioo i 5 th,ir charge as hy paying attention to the regniar, aloe" New the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a sever clOge' lqde en avoided or mitigated. e OI Se' Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square e, 17-' ill tri bearing the name of the proptietor, W.LAE-D"— "s• ..-"*. moor Place, London. W. By poet for 14 or 34 stalnl..)-----_. 1948( kr. i lan vroii elect tiler, total 111„ l'e4et th, 1 th,ti

of fle All letters to the Editor and contribution,- should be written on one side of the paper on'Y'st ' The name and address of correspondents 51u but 0,9 cases be given, not necessarily for publication tbe, guarantee of good faith. for of *** We do not hold ourselves resPons',,chiell_da- opinions expressed in letters to the Editor,rl understood to embody only the •-•irws of

WHAT BRAVE MEN ENDURE WHEN THE SMOKE OF THE BATTLE IS DISSOLVED. Friendships made on the battle-field survive the fight- ing, and brave soldiers are always eager to rescue com- rades from the perils that outlive the wars. The bond between comrade and comrade is stronger than steel. They treasure the memories of the time they stood shoulder to shoulder, and they do not forget that the danger to soldiers does not end when the bullets ceaoe to fly ; that regiments are ill and suffering to-day ~L use of the exposure to cold and wet and nervous excitement they had to undergo, or that in these campaigns more brave lads are stricken by disease than by lead or steel. When a veteran finds a road to health he embraces every opportunity to tell his comrades, and that is why Major McMurray, Springfield House, Killuney, Armagh, wrote the following letter :—" I was a martyr to rheumatic gout from 1865 until April, 1888, being laid up with it regularly every six months, sometimes for weeks and sometimes for months. In April, 1888, I commenced to take Warner's Safe Cure. I found relief after the fourth bottle. I took twenty-one bottles. Since I stopped taking the medicine in July, 1888, I have not had the slightest indications of rheumatic gout." PENKETH. CHURCH LADS' BRIGADE.—On Sunday the St. Mary's Company of the C.L.B.assembled at the Mission Sunday School, and were marched up to St. Mary's Church. There was a strong muster,and the command was taken by Captain McKechnie. The brass band headed the pro- cession ,and a large number of villagers followed them to church, where a service was held, the Rev. J. R. Jones conducting. A collection in aid of the brigade funds was taken and ameunted to over £4 10s. On Tuesday evening the Company was paraded on the Recreation Ground, and was joined by the companies of St. Elphin's, Padgate and St. Peter's. Major Buckton was in command, and the combined companies were put through several difficult evolutions, which they per- formed in a very creditable manner. Captain McKechnie and Lieutenant Appleton were also pleeent,and the bat- talion at the close of the review did the "March Past " in a very soldierly manner. The Recreation Ground was well filled by an interested crowd of spectators. The review ended at 9.15, and the Warrington companies departed in 'busses. The band was in attendance and enlivened the proceedings at intervals by the rendering of lively marches, Im. BERRETTA WESLEYAN BRASS BAND.—On Tuesday even- ing the above band paraded the village under the con- ductorship of Mr. J. Bowyer. The band marched round by Messrs. Garnett's Works and up through the village and the music was much appreciated by the villagers.

ES VABLIKIKD 1851 BIRKBECK BANKS Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, c-uadon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEILESE 'tau* ed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £10.:. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES puremased and SAYINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sun, deposit,and allows interest monthly on each completed BIRKBECE BUILDING SOCIETY HOW Tu PURCHASE A HOUSE F3R TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT. Managrr

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a memto r of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free ot Charge full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, whf .h during an extensive practice, both at home and In the Colonies, he has never known to fall In the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send adsiressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Fills and so called Remedies, :to., which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed : D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpool

, . SMOKER'S COMPANION 1 !Illiiiprii'illii,, l':c11 A Combined SELF - INKIN(, POCKET STAMP, MATCH PO) and CIGAuFtsBIivUuTLTENit ovetlbteys.t nicks silver. A Enormous Sale. Prices including Box. Ink a ~ Brush, one line stamp, 28. 3d. ; two lines 28. 9d. ; three lines 34. 3d. Post Fiee. A. J. BYROM. 8, CHURCH-STREET, GOLBORNE. A FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

FOUND DEAD. o lbseoeNci kFi lOi eRd Kb yI L L luNs iGn R As'rASl4F(lthDlu4auPdoB POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he best Poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFOEtD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles on land.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE! WILL NOT STEPHENSONI" FINGER .110!". MARK. kt 4 FURNITURE CREAM. - 111111 so:rrobpyrie,^hoertits, rApGififilikailitOrligagFejita

FAT NESS • FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.cAmEßoys ODESITINE PILLS are I, sate and pleasant cure ; sent free from /FA observation on receipt Of P.O. for 2s. 6. .4404440.... A marvellous means of reducing excessive \ fat and improving the complexion."—E, CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford treet London. !SWIFT GOLD MEDAL HARTSO,II KNITTER ""all• KNITS St4mkings ribbed or pithi GLOVES and CLOTHING In SILK.R or COTTON. INSTRUC- TIONS EL. IA ts /nee per pont. _ TRIUMPHANT AWARD at eARIS. The o WINNER In the WORLD of! GOLD lIEDAIS seal I9other Honours. IiAP.UISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Works 48, Upper Brook St, Manchestar.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness. Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, a seases, &e. We will send a valu +We Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for borne cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, 9hould be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILK.NSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKIN.,ON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the eas Can be obtained direct.

A RAILWAY MA NAG ER'S BROAD HINT. A few months ago the son of an-American millionaire railway director was, through his father's influence, given a position of some importance on one of the largest railways in the West. fie had just graduated from college, and in the orders which he from time to time issued to the men under him always made use of the longest, most unus at words. This habit led to some rather expensive blunders,and the matter corning before the general manager, he suggested a change in sts le to the young official in the following letter :—" In promul- gating your esoteric cogitations, and in articulating your superficial sentimentalities and amicable philosophical or psychological observations, beware of platitudinous ponderosity. Let your conversational communication possess a clarified conciseness, a com- pacted comprehensibleness,a coalescent consistency, and a concatenated cogency. Eschew all conglomeration of flatulent garrulity, jejune babbleinentand asinine affec- tation. Let your extt mprraneous descantings and un- premediated expatiation have Intelligibility and veraci- ous vivacity without rhodomontade or thrasonical born- bast. Sedulously avoid all polysyllabic profundity-, pompous prolixity, psittaceous vacuity, ver,triol quial verbosity, and vandoquent vapidity. Shun double en- tendre, prurient jocosity, and pestiferous profanity, obscurant or apparent. In other words talk plaMly, briefly, naturally, sensibly, purely and truthfully. Keep from slang ; don't put on airs ; say what you mean ; mean what you say ; and don't use big words." The young official took the gentle hint and changed his style.

A STARTLING GAS-BURNER.—When gas was first intro- dwied it was thought wonderful that a flame could be kept alight without a wick, but the latest invention in gas-burners quite eclipses this, as it not only burns the gas, but actually makes the gas light itself. This won- , demi invention,patented by Mr J. F. Duke, of 3,Union- square, London, RE., and wild by the Duke Patents Company, 20, High Holborn, is pronounced to be one of the most marvellous subjugations of science to domestic economy. It consists of just an ordinary gas-burner with a small tube at the side. This burner is simply screwed into the bracket or other fitting, the gas turned ' on, and lo ! in from 6 to 10 seconds (for the air in the pipe to pass out), the gas lights itself. The action of this burner is beautifully simple,and is as follows ;—The gas on issuing from the burner passes over a small kredi of porals material impregnated with a rare and indestructible metal, which as soon as the gas passes over it becomes red hot; this red heat is communicated to a small piece of platinum wire which immediately becomes incandescent and lights the gas. This little black knob is practically indestructible as is also the platinum wire. Therefore, as long as the burner exists, the gas on being turned on will light itself. The burner and lighter is of the ordinary size, and will fit any exist- ing fitting ; and although the price (23. 6d.) may at first seem large it will very soon repay itself, asfrona 20 to 40 per cent, of the gas bill is guaranteed to be saved and risk of fire greatly reduced. The editor of the Journal of Gas-lighting of June 25th, says :—"So beautifully simple and effective an appliance argues a long and arduous process of development. . The possible range of utility of :gr. Duke's invention is inarnenie.' In 1884, the world produced 768,000 tons of tobacco. grown on 2,029,000 acres of rn n . The United States was the largest prcd tiger, 210 000 tons; next cam' India, with 170,000 ; Russia, w,rii 75,000, Ao w:ti 65,000; the remainder being, produced in mall quantities by other countries.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NATY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class. (int.rntsl and external), Price 43. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture Zs. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Methnen).332, Desnsga , Manchester. Advice free,

y.,le-t5.3 - --j •-• '''' ""'"-',-..-,.A.46'..- 4.,_... .!'', ~...-...,---,..) ... Lr A t S ~, l' .tik. 1 , • ......, -.:'. -F-'-'------- . ' W:4 ,- ...) , -.'", ( te4- it--..*,,.... V, 4,17::, - • ~.(I. . 4g.. ~.t.., ,-,..4",7/16:44.•41114ift•, ...,,'i4,u ' •'," .:' 1101;117r- ' W 6,4 '* id)\ '.2.1 'e - fk •,,'v t.:Xl4.' ,/, , :`,":11) 1 1.4.... z .:1----,,ac.ft1i.,,,,t4,..-,',,,:i) .5.,:...... 1 ";.;4 1 ~, ,1.• ' . c, ..:.,,;:tife, ''''' ' At:.,4.... ' , .'• ".IP. ''''-''. e: fl: FIFTY r- 7 --":.-.)._, , 00THINC, C41:13 -- v... r . c ct 1 ' 'ELIEVE '''''. -`, ..1 -, I \-- \\ k , FEVERISH HEAT, 10) ct ~,1!.,„ .. , _,,s ....: e,.. \ , . ._ f ,t,, Convulslons ate . „, ._ 1 . ' / " .-- ' Reser. • 7 .'''' ••••Vr.-*' F 1... .5.4) a Healhy St.te of the i Gest, ntut n9ion cluri the Fr ren PEr'ed .f TEETHING '' C LI tt t 5 rrg ell t 12 .. A." ' AI4VOMUUnry. g. fil , N l• Please Obserue the E E s, if IN STEEDMAN 1., TI---.),,f4M-4...'-'IAtIF+:

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. id. and Is. 94. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and saiety. aftet excess in eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer, annals, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWL FS R'S CRL 'IBRATE DCOII N, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER. Is. Id., iper box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known care, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PnICE by all Ptent Medicine Vendors.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organ, In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hroughout the World ; or sent to any ad.4ress for sixty stam) s y the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY Sou London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

_ LADIES' BEST FRIEND -- LADIES 1 Marrie I or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDN, post free. HANDY sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor- mation of never-failing remedies for all Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- ILLUSTRATED 1 nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous . or dangerous drugs ; cannot hurt the GU IDE. I meet deixat.te. HADA HE A. E. LILLY, COLSTON-STREET, BRISTOL

• '-t4,1e4 T H I 8 ' RAZOR is made from the best , 4111 11{:111110111111141111:d[111;011,111 1,, ;11110;,11110,t41146°L s heffield ~,,LlLLE.Lailti,d,ll,,,,m -414tes STE E L and grout:. by Sheffie d workmen. It is warranted and if not approved when trial will be exchanged. In be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE. in Case 3/6. Ivry HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle ii a flat Case 13/6. Or post tree from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2 6 0. and Cheques, SLATER BROS.. Sheffield.

T ur;z "FATAL" NOISELESS G N. • ,o°--791**251.- 301- Watt shot and ban, guaranteed to kill tame at ISO yardi. NOTE.—This gun is our patent, and the get:imago article can ably he obtained from us. Worthless Imitations made abroad, as advertised under varioug name, by petty dealers it, Folkestone, we can limply at 17s. Oct. Catrilogue of foe-killing grayling gum and testimonials, together with hat of over 500 4:enu lue second-Imnd Breechloaders. host free. from CUFFLYN 807.. Fee Killing Gun Makers. Folkeetanw CA UTION..-No other flea to Folkestone snake lA* own Pm&

0 NATURE'S REMEDY. For the cure of Nervous Debility, Lost Manbood,Youtb. ml Imprudence, Dimness of Bight, Nervous Diseases of every form, Liver Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. Write to W. ROSS, Ruh, 7 BRISTOL BARDZIOS, EAST Bitionrow, Bosses (enclosing IS. stamp for postage), for this Great Herbal Prescription, which cured him 4114, mane yaws' reprint. (Name this Paper.)

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. PHIALS' FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 90., ls. UI., and 2s. 9i. each, with full directions. The Is. Ed. Box co_ 4iins 56 Pitl3. PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIF,TOR THOMAS BEECRAM, St. lielens, Lancashire.

BEEGHAF s TooTll PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THfi BREATH, In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid. rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 1. Females, quickly correct all iriegularities, remove at obstructi ms. and relieve the dist res•ing sympt,ms. so preys ent with thee x. 14-1. and 2s. 91. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt o tb or 34 Memo' by the maker, B T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottinglum. Beware of imitations.

I 4.WW/www Thom tiny CAPSULES . are superior to Balsam , SNNTA z . Couaitia, Cithebs or Injections and cure In 48 hours the same . diseases without ineon• I ~ / ven fence. 4/6 of all Che- -471 D mists.. Or post free. WILCOX e Co.. .. OXFORD ST., LONDON, W • ,• - • ....

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tlie!‘ NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. 8c Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended reguirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING 4.111) AND TREE GUARDS.IWIRE WORK, co NJ 90 I INT T_T TO' S• BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints ..ONDON OFFICE : 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

SLOUGH ENGLAND

'THE BEST SOAP FOR SPRING CLEANINGI TEE SOAP roR r ' • 11-, HAA THE SOAP RIR, WRIER. ......,, -RnEsTjAh, SOFT WATER. ....„,,,;_kg,,l ..: r, 4•1, 4i 4 , . -----"--a-R-Aw-A-7'. t4r. I • '•,l ' ' ' ' • -.4. . ~.. .!, :.- : , . .., . ''''',l- T 1, _, . i A , . .!,:. -774. ,iii• ~0,4 . A ..,.,.....,. f ~:24.ii .lIIC , . „04, _ , s e_Lb. - '° 1 - THE SOAP FOR A '• ' BOT WRIER • 5-" ' l'i lb FABLEIS3‘kkhz Ti TgESORP MR COLO WRIER.. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sok! only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 120 Z. 9,1, 2ide „ 3i-d. „

._____,___ .. EITIMAN'S ii.,,., livocrrsysm,,y_louse9tf: -. NC LEUTOLBLV"IENTHAL (1 •kO)./* -.. - ' , _ \2 rurn7 est . ....:. 4 1' 0/ • ' -:, ,\v‘. - i• 4 , , 1/ 2/ /0 g''...,1.01, \ N. - ' ex mm

in Berwickshire Hounds. R_LIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION ii iKR „t 4 ‘I.HEINATIsTA.Y.I2. 1 5 Plum NS 'P . m J3A G 0 . /0 I .BRU I 5E5 , CHEST CoLDS. rifl-. ---'-'l' rlt 1! . i ; ~, i • ‘l",‘ K.-% .. 1 ? . '/‘ '` • ' k . • .• ' , 1, • -- - -.- .)o--.. ~ ,- , - _.- ---6 -- - ." 7. : ,' •.. IT I mVII.I. HMO , . Om • I Prepare a only - DY FABIAN .ONSSitC:(4 sLatIGH . ENGLAND. ______
