===== 0002601_18951214_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
O. 870 RFGISTERED FOB TRANSmISS ON ABROAD.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Offfriat 3otirto.

ARRINGTON.

Till • "'"fht2r,...-L7No! - MARKETS. .EBY GIVEN the 25th •kets will

===== 0002601_18951214_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROu

NOTICE IS HEM , that in consequence of Wednesday, December inst., being Christmas Day, the Mark. be OPEN on 'TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24th, in lieu of Wednesday. the 25th. Also that the Markets will be held on TUESDAY, the 31st December inst instead of Wednesday, Janimry let, 1896 (New Year's Day). Dated this 7th day of December. 1895. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

M USIC. CONICS AT id. E NCH. Lists -50,000 post free, from CRANE and SONS, Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE

"A SIMPLE FACT. Ask throughout the world in any country that can be named, you will find KEATING'S LOZENGES largely sold. Thare is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief, so certain to cure, and yet the most delicate can take them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

" ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU" there is no better Cough Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. One gives Lelia ; they will eure, and they will n ,t injure your health. Sold everywhere in 13-d. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THEILTNRIVALLED REMEDY.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR,

OHRISTMAS AND N W YEARS' CARDS. A Great Variety and a beautiful selection, Christmas decorations and a large qnantity of Goods Suitable for Christ- mas presents to be had at T—CLARKEB "Examiner" Office 33 Market-street, Eariestown, A Cordial reception will be given to old and New Customers,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1895

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORODYNH.

- THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY (ROUTINE. CEILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. 011LOEODYNE is the best remedy known for V Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, sp,nd Asthma. OHLORUDYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhea, and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts ahort all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. eiHLORuDY NE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis, dm. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Hornc3stle. We have made pretty extensive Use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ. and from whatever cause. It induces I a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other ! remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all others Sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. •• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that cholera had been raging fearfully, end that the ONLY remedy of any service wrs CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, let December. 1864. CAUTION.—BE WARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD sated that Dr. J. Co .1.18 BROWNE was. undonb.edly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn t3.—See Times. 13th Lily, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2s. 9d, and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the Words "DR. 1. COLLIS BROWNE'S ! CHLORODYNB" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS —J. T. DAVBNPOIIT, 33, Great Russell•st., Bloomsbury, London.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gnipping gottres.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNUDAY.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, slaeuld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 4 r -17 HE ICAAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND 420. AGENT AD ELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR RELIABLE

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS

===== 0002601_18951214_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GO TO THE

CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

HAMS AND BACON , RUARANTEED. NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM ls., Is. 2d., is. 4d., is. 6d., Is. Bd.,

AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY.

• TRH CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGB FOOT, WARRINGTON.

B, Pori I le. Thd per Quarter, 6e. 6d. per Anunna Is. 9d. per Quarter credit

CONSIGNMENT OF

GEESE,

TURKEYS,

PHEASANTS,

VENISON, &c.

DAILY DURING THE XMAS SEASON, THUS GUARANTEEING TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS A FRESH SUPPLY OF THE CHOICEST STOCK IN SEASON.

A LARGE SUPPLY OF GEESE AND TURKEYS

WILL ALSO ARRIVE DAILY.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND SURROUNDING DISTRICTS. JOPIN f• PORTER, FISH, GAME AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 22, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST.. BEGS to inf.,-m the PUBLIC that owing to the extreme mildness of the weather, and the perish- able nature of his GOODS he will not this year make the USUAL OUT DOOR SHOW, but be has arranged for a

===== 0002601_18951214_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPLENDID STOCK OF

HARES AND PHEASANTS WILL BE SPECIALLY SHOT ON THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, THE 19TH, 20TH AND

21sr INST.

DUCKS, FOWL,

GAME &c.,

THE FINEST STOCK IN TOWN. JO ?INii\i.PORTER, FISH AND GAME SALESMAN. 22, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST..

WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS.

R. CLAMP AND SON,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

rRAVELLING REQUISTES,

PURSES. DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEARS PRESENTS.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET,

S. PARKER-SIRI

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES.

COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON.

, T.„ LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES.

COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO

===== 0002601_18951214_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEATHER.

JOHN DIGNUM, AGIUNT.

THOMAS FRAIN,

DEBT COLLECTOR and _ GENERAL COMMISSION

IdErff.

39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &c., for the Collection of WHOLESALK ACCOUNTS.

REFERENCE and RATES of COMM ISSION on applio ation AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

EADE'S GrUIJT & RHEUMATIC PILL

SUFFERED AGONY FOit THIRTY YEARS.

EADE'S puzs. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W.. January 27,1892, EADH'S plus. "Dear feel it my duty to write and give you great praise 144,Ators pILLs. for introdueirg such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills- Having

-- - SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 33 YEARS. I can truly say I have never h 4 anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts. k.YOUT calleo Chalk Gout. —Yours truty, R#. W. LITTLEJOHN." HEUMATISM Mr. G. Sada. EADE'S GOUT & RIEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOSw ELL-ROAD, LONDON BC.; and Sold by all Chemists In Bottles. Is. lid.. and Is. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOE INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the systemol all impurhies, welch, by circulating in the blood, Injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

EADE'S ANT B 1 MOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes. Is. lfd. and 21. 9d. or maileti Free on receipt of remittance by GORGE BACH, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EA DE'S ANT i BILIOUS PILLS

===== 0002601_18951214_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S CORN EXTRACTOR.

A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful Improve ment. This Plaster is the well-known Allcock's Corn Plaster with a little disc added that in ft 'ew days extracts the Corn and relief Is felt as soon as appbed ; for all pressure of fir boot is removed. D n't be put off with any other remedy as none other will give the immediate comfort. Paice 714 and Is.lid., per box of all Chemists. Sold by :-

I. R. Yeuxia, Pharmaceetie.l Ch emiat, Warrington.

THE RAPID WAS H

SAVES TIME;

S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR

JOSEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD :,OAP WORKS, WARRINuTON.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES 1

'hich are a mi

item in the wi

ost important -eek's menu of lold, are made ant and tasty

every househ most pique by the

addition of

OVRIL,

hich is the guaranteed product of RIME OX BEEF and which imparts the full flavour of Fresh Meat to even the most taateles dish.

i, . . ..., . . , ' C 4.1111-i,.. V'!..C.../- • 30- Z 1 W. •- ''...4p,...,,- 'I/ , •.. 150", al • ..--, ,A.,:,.• , _ -- • .;•, •(, .n. . -." ,', . . ‘e/O, i If/ ,-• 11 f:4. 7. P ifilllii .I.lf II /,1)1....., '''.- • ... .1,1., pli„ . / ' -: : . 111. !, il !HI .1 'Ito! 11 ...t.---.,--_ 1 )1 'l'l' „:1 ,if 11111.1 '

===== 0002601_18951214_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
.` CAPITAL" CHAI.

The impatience of the general public in regard to the slow progress of events in the East is, if cur- rent rumours can be trusted, beginning to be shared by Laid Salisbury's own colleagues. An observa- tion is attributed to a member of the Cabinet—not one of the inner circle—who is supposed to share the Duke of Devonshire's views on many things that the Government are likely to cut a very poor figure when Parliament meets if they are not pre- pared with some more definite policy than Lard Salisbury appears to be pursuing at present. I can vouch for a remark made by one of the leading unofficial members of the Ministerial party to this effect :—'• If Lord Rosebery had been in power we 'would have led them a pretty dance in the same circumstances." This, I think, will be readily believed. It is easy to imagine the accusations of weakness and vacillation which would have been brought against the Liberal Government under similar conditions. However, there appears to be a general belief in Ministerial quarters that some- thing will be done before Parliament meets I hear from an authoritative source that Abdul Harnid is troubled with accesses of nervous irrit- ability which render it impossible for the Ambassa- dors to torecast for an hour what turn thesituati, n may take. It is in these bursts of ill-humour that nearly all his decisions are taken, and in the inter- vals he appears to be merely an unconcerned and impassive spectator of events.

The atrocities that take place in the compara- tively privacy of the slaughter-house are,it is said, often terrible. It is gratifying, therefore, to see that the subject has been forced upon public notice. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which has done so much good in certain spheres of animal suffering, has not done all that was possible in abbatoirs,and the cases which have been brought to light here and there should have sharpened its energies. As Hamlet's gravedigger sang and jested at gravemaking, so the slaughter- roan necessarily becomes callous under his daily calling; but the society can prevent callousness from becoming the grossest brutality. The evil is widespread. and now that the County Council has been urged to hold an official inquiry into the sub- ject.it is to be hoped they will do so.

There is a great rush of candidates for the posi- tion of clerk to the County Council. The salary of Str„000 a year is no doubt an inducement to many, but another attraction is the fact that the post is the greatest of its kind in the country, and one offering the greatest opportunities to a capable ad- ministrator. We hear that many of the London vestry clerks intend to be candidates, there are several applicants from the Council's staff, and a large number of town clerks throughout the coun- try have thsir eye on the position, It may be taken for granted also that there will be numerous hall- pay officers and young baristers among the appli- cants. The appointment will probably not be made before February or March, and the selection of the best man will he the most difficult as well as the most important duty which has fallen upon the new Council.

I have had the privilege of reading a very re- markable series of letters dealing with the political situation from the point of view of the Liberal leaders, just received by an energetic London Libe- ral politician. The correspondence reveals the fact that the ex-Premier and his colleagues have prac- tically determined, for tactical reasons, to preserve silence for the next few weeks. Lord Rosebery writes expressing regret that ho cannot at present speak in public; and Lord Kimberley and Lord Ripon reply to the same effect. Lord Tweedmouth states the position with much greater clearness and frankness. While anxious in every way to help the Liberal cause, he declares that in his deliberate opinion silence is best at this moment. He is per- fectly certain that in the profusion of Tory pro- mises there will be ample scope for Liberal criii- cism and attack, but until Parliament assembles Vie Liborals have no real right to challenge their opponents. When the promises are or not put into effect, then will be the time to take action. Lord Tweedmouth adds that his views may be taken to express those of the members generally of the late Government.

There was a good deal of comment on Wednesday on the indications which come from Birmingham of the attitude Mr. Chamberlain is likely to take in the coming education struggle. Satisfaction was derived from the apparently inspired announce- ment that Mr. Chamberlain will be in line with the Duke of Devonshire in opposition to their reaction- ary colleagues.

The conversion of the Thomas Riches Cambrian Colleries into a limited liability company reminds a correspondent that Mr. Riches is an old provincial Press man. He hailed originally from Norwich,and before he started money grubbing in South Wales was a reporter on the " Hereford Times," in the good or bad old days when the country reporter filled up his time at case. He was an expert com- positor. as well as phonographer Riches has not been spoilt by wealth, but retains the kindly qualities that endeared him to those who knew him as a good hearted chum far back in the fifties.

It is pleasant to note the vigour with which the : Eighty Club is carrying on its work of propaganda ' and political education. A very large number of speakers and lecturers, many of whom are drawn from the ranks of the Bar, give their gratuitous I services to the club, and are available to address meetings on a great variety of subjects not only in London,but all over the country. As showing the great and growing interest in the country on the education question, I may say that applications for speakers on this subject have been, and still are, very numerous. Under the guidance of the new secretary, Mr. W. M. Crook, a strong endeavour is being made to extend the usefulness and scope of the club, and a proposal is on foot to I.old a greater number of general meetings of the members and to institute political discussions.

Mr. Herbert Gladstone left on Wednesday on what is mere than a holiday tour, though that is what he calls it, in the East. He goes direct to AthenA, and there, joined by the Earl of Cavan, he is to go through the Southern and Eastern States of Turkey as far as Constantinople. No doubt exists that he will be received everywhere with joy by the Eastern people in the name of his father, and that he will come back loaded with information as to the dreadful atrocities committed in the Sultan's dominions. Mr. Herbert Gladstone will thus, when Parliament meets, be able to stir the hearts of the members of Parliament by an eye-witness's stories of the bloodshed that is being committed.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

I will send 4 valuable, instructive, and highly interesting book wuich every woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both matrie I and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressing to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one Aari.p to cover postage. AD1,10:88 Vrofessor E. La ALLE, Carb rton House Carburton Street, Loudon, W.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

This season's millinery is rather disappointing, and there is nothing very new. The beefeater hats are supposed to be a novelty, but they are- only a revival of a fashion which was in vogue a short time back. Toque shape hats are considered the smartest this winter, and are worn by both young and older ladies. Shot velvets are used extensively for trimming purposes, as well as glac6 silks; wings, feathers, quills, velvet flowers are also to be noticed. The colouring is decidedly brighter than it usually is at this time of year. We see coloured flowers, shot ribbons, and fur massed to- gether on one hat, and another blue felt shape with blue and green wings. One of the smartest shapes I have seen is the "Gentleman Joe"—one of the beefeater shape I mentioned—in black silk beaver; a low-crowned, curly-brimmed shape, like that worn by the genial "cabby" at the Prince of Wales's Theatre. The hat looks very trim and chic for wearing with a tailor-built gown, if •it has no trimming save a narrow band of thick corded ribbon round the crown, fastened in a tiny flat bow in orthodox male fashion; but it also lends itself well to more elaborate trimming, such as a panache of ostrich tips at the side, and softly curling tips on and under the brim. Then there is a lovely hat of white felt—and white 4i...1t is very popular this season—lined underneath

with black velvet, the brim being trimmed with croups of violets set at intervals right the way round, while four iridescent green wings, caught with a ' jet brooch, stand out aggressively,- and bunches of the. violets again appear beneath the brim at the back.

Velvet and plush coats are going to be in very high favour for smart wear during the winter, and the following is an entirely new and stylish design for one of these. The coat is of Lisreine must impress on you the fact that this plush is practically waterproof, and does not spot or spoil even when exposed to a sharp shower—well-fitting, and with moderately long, full basques. It is trimmed round the neck and down the front with narrow sable or skunk, though when economy has to be studied, the useful black Thibet fleece is being employed, and this costs from a shilling a yard in pite good-looking and good-wearing quality. The godet sleeves are the shape I think I have already described, and the seams outlined with narrow jet gimp. The jet ornaments for the shoulders can be obtained ready for applying, and the coat should be lined with silk, satin, or Italian cloth. The hat worn with this is quite a new shape, having the Welsh conical crown, which is peculiarly becoming to some young faces. If the shape is of silk beaver or velvet, the only trimming required is a narrow satin ribbon round the crown, secured with a paste ornament, and a group of black feathers at the side. Brown cloth is also very popular. A. smart

double-breasted coat is made in golden brown cloth with handsome braiding upon the cuffs and collar, which are also edged with sable. House dresses are frequently made with blouse bodices, although strict rulers of fashion consider them to be passé. Imagine a charming simple little toilette with a black woollen skirt, and a blouse of the same tint spotted with turquoise blue, the latter being made to fit the figure at the back, the fronts gathered at the neck and waist, beltedwith turquoise ribbons, bishop sleeves with tight wristbands to match the trimming of the collar -and waistband. Tea gowns are quite a feature just now both for afternoon and evening use. When they are not made of silk or velveteen, a pretty thin crepon, grenadine, or a figured nun's veiling may be selected. The gowns are usually loose-fitting back and front, shaped to the figure only at the sides. When they are intended literally for tea gowns, the upper portion of the bodice may be trimmed in yoke form with a hand. some passementerie or embroidery of sequins, while the sleeves should be long enough to reach the wrist. Another pretty costume is of seal- brown faced cloth; the skirt has strands and bows of seal-brown velvet on the gore seams in front.

The bisques are in seal velvet, with lovely bronze sequin•fringed passeinenterie. The vest, collar and cuffs are of pale blue chine with a black stripe.

Your loving JE.NNin.

I DON'T BE DRCEIVED.—Don't think the hair can bepres served without proper nourishment ; all hair specialists Ipositively assert that pure crease is absolutely necessary for the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR I OIL is without doubt the best. It nourishes the hair, pre- vents it falling off or turning grey eradi ates scurf, and I arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 6d., 75., 10s. 6d. Rownexn's MACASSAR OlL.—Preserves the hair. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR M.—Prevents baldness. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Prevents scurf. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Beautifies the hair. Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL, of 20, Hatton Garden and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

)p,, \/(17:(/;:';%,.. '-'' -6' 24 _ -13' • - . ,--.-,- ~,orot, ‹?-4,,, ----p-,4 1e47 .6.-_---'4, , '4, -J6 -ri, Q , a; ~.-4,..-.,, ___,_ , : , , -Ji , 7..., ' --,-(-1/, , . : ;Pt , i yi ee/-/ ,A14.1i,\,,k; i/,.....,,,,k,* ,t ~.. ,11A , a r , ~, t

A'7M7.-4. .4t. .......,..)., el - -A _:-.--...,....0, , reif , 4 e - ...0,-..,..„ ~,,,,, ~„, ~,,w, r -e---..------...----,... 1, ° 3 " \ \0 41)

, ,-, . . VI"7 ' Pe , Ili ,t ' i { . 4 ! 11/ 0 :./1" it:: 1::;, \ /7 I, P II I 41' tf, ti ///, i t, / Al' bodice and .

===== 0002601_18951214_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, sATTTRD Y. DECEMBI4',R 14. 195

Potatoes in Greenland never grow larger than marble. .

The exact lenzth of our year is 385 days, 6 hours, 13 minutes and 48 6 seconds.

A racehorse g•alloping at full speed clears from twent y to twenty-four feet at every bound. Australia has a population of less than 5,000,000, and economists declare it could support 100,000,000 with ease.

The highest inhabited building in Europe is the Alpine clubhouse, on Mount Rosa—twelve thousand feet above sea level.

Irritating drugs—such as salts of arsenic, copper,zinc, and iron—should usually be given after food, except where local conditions require their administration in small doses before eating. The habit of turning round three or four times before lying down has survived in the domestic dog from his savage ancestry. It than served to break down the tall grass and make a bed. Besides her plague of rabbits, Australia is now threatened with apl ague of foxes. These animals, im- ported for the sport of fox-hunting, have increased so rapidly that a re ward is offered for their capture. The oil of tobacco found in the stems of the long-used pipes, or obtained by distillation at a red heat, is one of the most active and powerful poisons known to the chemist. A single drop will often cause death in the case of a doe or cat.

Photography as a Cure for Drunkenness. " Science Siftings" isresponsible for the following We commend this story, which has been communicated to us, to the attention of our temperance contempora- ries, "merely adding," as Mr. Richard Swiveller would Bay, "if it isn,t true, it's very good." A woman deter- mined the other day,that her husband should know how he looked when fie was drunk. She knew how he looked well enough, and needed not- that any man should tell her. Her children also knew by sad experience, but the man himself had a very Imperfect idea of the state of his case. So once, when he came home and fell into a maudlin slumber, she sent for a photographer to come forthwith, and on his arrival she set before him his work. She ordered the photographer to photogia ph her husband as he sat in the chair. The phctographer did his work, and did it well; .acd when the photograph was finished and laid beside the husband's place at breakfast it was a revelation,and -the sobered gentleman experienced a decidedly new sensation. There was no need of explanation ; the-thing explained itself. There was no chance for contradiction ; the sun tells no lies. There was no room for argument: a reform has taken place.

for her, blood was-epilt—for her, fields were won ; but, mother, never yet toiled knight in the battle- field for his lady-love as I will, in the battle of life, for my dearest lady—my own mother." She reached out per hand, and silently pressed his.

"Come, come," said Traverse—" lift up your head and smile We are young yet, both you and I! for after all you are not much older than your son I and we two will journey up and down the hills of life together—all in all te each other; and when at last we are old, as we shall be when you are seventy- seven and I am sixty—we will leave all our fortune that we shall have made to found a home for widows and orphans,—as we were, and we will pass out and go to Heaven together."

Now indeed this poor, modern Hagar looked— and smiled at the oddity of her Ishmael's far- reaching thought. In that poor household grief might not be Indidged. Marah Rocke took down her work-basket and sat down to finish a lot of shirts, and Traverse went out with his horse and saw, to look for a job at cutting wood for twenty-five cents a cord. Small beginnings of the fortune that was to found and endow asylums! but many a fortune has been com- menced upon less!

Marah 'Rock° had managed to dismiss her boy with a smile—but that was the last effort of nature; as soon as he was gone and she found herself alone, tear after tear welled up in her eyes and rolled down her pale cheeks; sigh after sigh heaved her bosom

Ah ; the transitory joy of the past week had been but the lightning's arrowy course accithing where it illumined I

She felt as if this last blow, that had struck her down from the height of hope to the depth of despair, had broken her heart—as if the power of reaction was gone, and she mourned as one who would not be comforted. _ _ _

While she sat thus the door opened, and before she was aware of his rresence, Herbert Greyson entered the room and came softly to her side. Ere she could speak to him, he dropped upon one knee at her feet, bowed his young head lowly over the hand that he took and pressed to his lips. Then he arose and stood before her. This was not not un- natural or exaggerated—it was his way of expres- sing the reverential sympathy and compassion he felt for her strange, life-long m„T,yrdom. "Herbert, you here? why we only got your letter this morning," she said, in tones of gentle inqu,ry, as she arose and placed a chair for him. "Yes, I could not bear to stay away from you, at such a time; I came up in the same mail coach that Eraught my letter ; but I kept myself out of Traverse's sight, for I could not bear to intrude upon you, in the first hour of your disappointment," said He raert, in a roken voice.

"Oh I that need not have kept you away, dear boy; I di, t not cry much; I am used to trouble, you know; I shall get over this also—after a little while —and things will go on in the old way," said 111,, rah Roc :e, struggling to repress the rising emotion that however overcame her, for cropping her head upon her "sailor boy's" shoulder, she burst into a flood of ter i and wept plenteously. "Dear mother, be comforted," he said; "dear mother, be comforted."

CHAPTER XIII. ARAH'S 'MEMORIES. In the shade of the apple tree again She saw a rider draw his rein. And gazing down with a timid grace, She felt his pleased eyes read her face." —WHITTIER.

"Dear Marah, I cannot understand your strong attachment to that bronzed and grlzzled old man, who has besides treated you so barbarously," said Herbert.

"Is he bronzed and gray?" asked Marah, looking up with gentle pity in her eyes and tone. "Why, of course he is. He is sixty-three." "Ha was forty-five when I first knew him, and he was very handsome then—at least I thought him the very perfection of manly strength, and beauty, and goodness. True, it was the mature, warm beauty of the Indian summer—for he was mcre than middle-aged; but it was very genial to the chilly, loveless morning of my early life,' said Marah dropping her head upon her hand, and sliding into reminiscences of the past. "Dear Marah, I wish you would tell me all about your marr.age and misfortunes," said Herbert, in a tone of the deepest sympathy and respect. "Yes, he was very handsome," continued Mrs. Rocke, speaking more to herself than to her com- panion; "his form was tall, full, and stately ; his complexion warm, rich, and glowing; his fine face was lighted up by a pair of strong, dark grey eyes, full of fire and tenderness, and was surrounded by waving masses of jet black hair and whiskers—they are grey now, you say, Herbert ?"

"worey and' grizzled, and bristling up around his hard face, like thorn-bushes around a rock ia winter I" said Herbert, bluntly, for it enraged his honest but inexperienced boyish heart to hear this wronged woman speak so enthusiastically. "Ahi it is winter with him now, but then it was glorious Indian summer. He was a handsome, strong and ardent man. I was a young, slight, pale girl, with no beauty but the cold and colour- less beauty of a statue; with no learning, but such as I had picked up from a country school; with no love to bless my lonely life—for I was a friendless orphan, without either parents or relatives, and living by sufferance in a cold and loveless home."

" Poor girl I" murmured Herbert, in almost in- audible tones. "Our log-cabin stood beside the military road leading through the wilderness to the Fort where he was stationed. And oh, when he came riding by each day, upon his noble, coal black steed, and in his martial uniform, looking so vigorous, handsome and kingly, he seemed to me almost a god of wor- ship. Sometimes be drew rein in front of the old oak tree that stood in front of our cabin, to breathe his horse, or to ask for a draught of water. I used to bring it to him. Oh I then, when he looked at me, his eyes seemed to send new warmth to ray chilled heart; when he spoke, too, his tones seemed to strengthen me; while he staid, his presence seemed to protect me."

" • Ay, such protection as vultures give to doves— covering and devouring them,'" muttered Herbert to himself. Mrs. Hooke, too absorbed in her reminiscences to heed his interruptions, continued:

"One day he asked me to be his wife. Ido not know what I answered, or if I answered anything. I °Lily know that when I understood what he meant my heart trembled with instinctive terror at Its own excessive joy I We were privately married by the chaplain at the Fort. There were no accommodations for the wives of officers there. And besides, my husband did not wish to announce our marriage, until be was ready to take me to his princely mansion in Virginia." "Humph I " grunted Herbert, inwardly, for com- ment.

"But he built for me a pretty cabin in the woods below the fort, furnished it simply, and hired a half-breed Indian woman to wait on me. Oh, I was too happy I To my wintry spring of life summer had come, warm, rich and beautiful! There is a clause in the marriage service which enjoins the husband to cherish his wife. I do not believe many people ever stop to think how much is in that word. He did; he cherished my little thin, chill, feeble life, until I became strong, warm and health- ful. Oh! even as the blessed sun warms and animates, and glorifies the earth, causing it to brighten witk life, and blossom with flowers, and bloom with fruit, so did my husband enrich, and cherish, and bless my life. Such happiness could Dot and it did not last."

===== 0002601_18951214_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Butter as a Substitute for Medicine.

It is one of the problems which constantly have to be solved by our doctors, how to supply sufficient oily food tee lubricate the human machine, to which it is an abscr late necessity, especially in winter. Young people (growing qulckly), nervous invalids, all who suffer from wasting diseases (such as influenza), are often con- demned to a course of cod-liver oil, which, however, seldom agrees with a weak digestion. Our medical men have lately Lit upon the pleasant fact that butter is almost, if not quite as nourishing as cod-liver oil and as it is much easier to assimilate, larges doses can he given with impunity. A quarter of a pound of good butter spread upon thin slices of bread, can be taken with ease in the day by a patient who cannot digest cod-liver oil, and is now ordered with the best results. where exhausting illness has reduced the body,or quick growth needs extra nourishment. This is good news both for the farmers, the patients and the children, who will no longer be fed upon " bread and scrape," for they specially need plenty of good butter.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Meat Versus Vegetables..

Dr. Mortimer Granville in did "National," for this month, puts forward his "New Theory of Gout." Eat , plenty of meat; or, strictly, " let the diet be as nearly as possible that of a meat-feeding animal." So shall you avoid gout. He adds :—The meat-eating people have prospered, even in adversity. They have been clever and successful. The vegetable-feeders, on the othEr hand, have failed. They have been effeminate feeble- minded, and devoid of intellectual force add character. Are we not at this moment witnessing the cruelly, corruptibility, vacillation and folly, and are we not anticipating the collapse of the greatest meat-scorning and teetotal nationality which disgraces modern civilisa- tion? Man is a cooking and brewing animal, and his proper food consists largely of meat, with a due amount of vegetables, and a sufficient quantity of alrohol. Unless this be recognised, we too, borne down by the unsound advice of our unphysiological" doctors," of our "total abstinence" prophets, and of the more feeble,but mischievous, advocates of a diet ef roots and herbs, shall degenerate into a race of nonentities, fall out of our place in the :struggle for existence, anti languish and decay.

The Effect of Fine Work on The Eyes. One of the first prohibitions of the oculist is the needle " You must give up fine sewing and fancy work," he says, "or your eyes will be ruined." Why the modern eye and the eye of cultivation and viod society is so much more difficult to deal with than the eye of the peasant and the women of old is a question that most people seem never to have given thought to. The Mexican, South American, Irish, and German women do the finest of drawn work and embroidery long after their feeble and tottering limbs refuse to support them. They begin this work almost as soon as they are out of their cradles, and continue it through a long course of years. Thetnodern fashionable woman, el- pecially in this country, does very little fancy work until she has nearly reached her majority, and then, or perhaps long before then, she goes intolhe hands of the oculist, and remains there most of the time during her natural life. She suffers tortures, and there must be some reason for this, and the wonder is that specialists in the treatment of eyes have not published to the world one of the prime causes of all of this trouble. The diffi- culty lies in the extremely bad light in which people work. Window draperies, awnings,and shutters are the bane of the eyesight. Tinted furniture that the sun would spoil, is preferred to soundness of vision,'although those who barter these priceless possessions for such taw- dry wares do so without the faintest idea of the ala of which they are guilty. Women with troublesome eyes seem to have a mania for badly-lighted rooms. Some recent experiments have demonstrated that if persons thus afflicted will take their work into the broad light of the day, sunshine if possible, so long as the work does not glisten nor glitter, they will have very much legs trouble. The theory seems to be that the eye naturally contracts a little in bright light,-and no strain whatever is required on the nerves. On the ,contrary, in a dim light there is a continual effort, and consequent danger of overtaxing. It is. iinportant that tlui light fall en the work and net on the eyes, and-even much more import- ant that the light come from above, and that there is no refleotion'vihatever. Of all conditions to be avoided, this is the most imperative. Reflected light has ruined more eyes than almost anything, except dark rooms. If one is doing work out of doors or at a window where there is any reflection, it is well to throw a dark cloth over a screen on the side from which the reflection comes. Indeed, the judiciously-arranged screen, with dark dra- pery, is of the utmost importance if one would preserve the eyesight unimpaired.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUCuESS

Of Flood's Sarsaparilla has never been equalled by any other preparation. It has steadily advanced in sales and cures until it is now one of the most popular medicines in Great Britain. The success has been won by its positive merit and by the fact that it is a TRUE BLOOD PURIFIER.

In order to have good health we must have pure blood, and it is because Hood's Sarsaparilla puri fit s and enriches the blood that it cures so many foims of disease. Many people who have suffercd with SCROFULA, SALT REIEUM,

rheumatism, dyspepsia, neuralgia, catarrh and debility, have long since learned the uselessness of treating these troubles with superficial remedies. The true way is to remove the disease by driving from the blood all the impurities that are lodged there, and giving richness and vitality to this vital fluid. PERFECTLY CURED.

Blood Purifier and Rheumatism Routed by Hood's Sarsaparilla. " Having suffered fcr the last six months with im- pure blood, I had tried everything up to the time I sent for a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla, and had been treated by a doctor, but found little or no re- lief. I was covered with large red spots all over my body, in fact, I was covered from head to foot. By the time I had half emptied the bottle I WAS SIIICII BETTER,

and before I had finished one bottle, lost all the spots. At the same time I was suffering very much from rheumatism, and I am very pleased to say that lam cured from that also. I have a good ap- petite and can sleep well. I speak from experience, and I think that Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best medicine in the world," JOHN H. BROWN, 11, Angel-road, Edmonton, HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA

Is the one true blood purifier. Sold by chemists. Sent post paid 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. by C. I. Hood & Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C. ROOD'S PILLS are specially prepared to be taken with Hood's Sarsaparilla. Is, 13d. (No. 3.)

===== 0002601_18951214_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND; OR, CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY 31118. E. D. B. N. 8 OuTRWORT It

CHAPTER XII. MARAH'S DREAMS. "And now her narrow kitchen walls Stretched sway into stately halls; The weary wheel to a spinnet turned, The tallow candle an astral burned; A manly form at her side she saw, And joy was duty and love was Iaw."—WHITTIKS.

On the same Saturday morning that Herbert Grey- son hurried away from his friend's cottage, to travel post to Hurricane Hall, for the sole purpose of ac- celerating the coming of her good fortune, Marah Rocke walked about the house with a step so light, with eyes so bright, and cheeks so blooraing, that one might have thought that years had rolled back- ward in their course and made her a young girl again!

'Traverse gazed upon her in delight. Reversing the words of the text, he said:

'We must call you no longer Marsh, (which is bitter,) but we must call you Naomi, (which is beautiful,) mother!"

"Young flatterer :" she answered, smiling and slightly flushing. "But tell me truly, Traverse, am I very much faded? have care, and toil, and grief made me look old r

"Youl old 1" exclaimed the boy, running his eyes over her beaming face and graceful form with a non-comprehension that might have satisfied her, but did not, for she immediately repeated: "Yes, do I look old? Indeed, Ido not ask from sanity, child I Ab, it little becomes me to be vain; but I do wish to look well in some one s eyes!" " I wish there was a looking-glass in the house, mother, that it might tell you, you should be called Naomi, instead of Marah 1"

"Ah 1 that is just what he used to say to me in the old happy time,—the time in Paradise, before the serpent .entered l"

•"Wfutt ' he,' mother ?" "Your father, boy, of course I"

'That was the first time she had ever mentioned his father to her son, and now she spoke of him with such a flash of joy and hope, that even while her words referred darkly to the past, her eyes looked brightly to the future 1 All this, taken with the events of the preceding evening, greatly be- 'wildered the mind of Traverse, and agitated him with the wildest conjectures. "Mother, will you tell me about my father, and also what it is beyond this promise kindness of Major Warfield that has made you so happy!" he asked.

"Not now, my boy dear boy, not now! I must not, I cannot, I dare not yet! Wait a few days and you shall know all! Oh, it is hard to keep a secret from my boy but then it is not only my secret, but another's! You do not think hard of me for with. holding it now, do you Traverse 1" she asked, affectionately. "No, dear mother, of course I don't. I know you must be right, and I am glad to see you happy." "Happy! Oh, boy, you don't know how happy I am! I did not think may human being could ever feel so joyful in this erring world, much less I! One cause of this excess of joyful feeling must be from the contrast! else it were dreadful to be so happy 1" "Mother, I don't know what you mean," said Traverse, uneasily, for he was too young to under- stand these paradoxes of feeling and thought, and there were moments when he feared for his mother's MEM.

"Oh, Traverse, think of it 1 eighteen long, long years of estrangement, sorrow, and dreadful suspense! eighteen long, long, weary years of patience against anger, and loving against hatred, and hoping against despair I your young mind cannot grasp it—your very life is not so long. I was seventeen then; I am thirty-five now. And after wasting all my young years of womanhood in loving, hoping, long. lug—lot the light of life has dawned at last." "God save you, mother!" said the boy, fervently, for her wild, unnatural joy continued to augment his anxiety. "Ah, Traverse, I dare not tell you the secret now, and yet I ant always letting it out; because my heart overflows from its fulness. Ab, boy, many, many weary nights have I lain awake from grief; but last night I lay awake from joy. Think 0 it."

The boy's only reply to this was a deep sigh. He was becoming seriously alarmed. _ . .

- t "1 never s..aw her so excited. I wish she would get calm," was his secret thought. Then, with the design of changing the current of her ideas, he took off his coat, and said: "Mother, my pocket is half torn out, and though , there's no banger of my losing a great deal out of lilt, still I'll get you, please, to sew it in while I mend the fence."

"Sew the pocket! mend the fence! Well," smiled Mrs. Backe, "we'll do so, if it will amuse you. The mended fence will be a convenience to the next tenant, and the patched coat will do for some poor boy. Ah, Traverse, we must be very good to the poor, in more ways than in giving them what we do not ourselves need, for we shall know what it is to have been poor," she concluded, In more serious tones than she had yet used.

Traverse was glad of this, and went out to his work feeling somewhat better satisfied.

This delirium of happiness lasted intermittently a whole week, during the last three days of which Mrs. Rocke was constantly going to the door and looking up the road, as if expecting some one. The mail came from Tip-Top to Staunton only once a week, on Saturday mornings. Therefore, when Saturday came again, she sent her son to the post office, saying: "If they do not come to-day, they will surely write."

Traverse hastened with all his speed, and got there so soon that he had to wait for the mail to be opened. Meanwhile, at home, the widow walked the floor in restless, joyous anticipation, or went to the door and strained her eves up the road to watch for Tra- verse, and perhaps for some one else's coming. At last she discerned her son, who came down the road, walking rapidly, smiling triumphantly, and holding ' a letter up to view. _

She ran out of the gate to meet him, seized and kissed the letter, and then, with her face burning, her heart palpitating, and her fingers trembling, she hastened into the house, threw herself into the little low chair by the fire, and opened the letter. It was from Herbert, and read thus:

Hurricane Hall, Nov. 30th, 1843. My dearest and best Mrs. Rockc May God strengthen you to read the few bitter lines I have to write. Most unhappily, Major Warfield did not know exactly who you were, when he promised so much. Upon learning your name he withdrew all his promises. At night, in his library, he told me all your early history. Having heard all, the very worst, I believe you as pure as an angel. So I told him. So I would uphold with my life, and seal with my death. Trust yet in God, and believe in the earnest respect and affection of your grateful and attached son, lIERI3ERT GREYSON. , P.B.—For henceforth I shall call you mother. Quietly she finished reading, pressed the letter again to her lips, reached it to the fire, saw it, like her hopes, shrivel up to ashes, and then she arose, and with her trembling fingers clinging together, walked up and down the floor. There were no tears in her eyes, but oh, such a look of unutterable woe on her pale, blank, despairing face. Traverse watched her, and saw that something had gone frightfully wrong; that some awful revolution of fate or revulsion of feeling had passed over her in this dread hour.

_ Cautiously he approached her, gently he laid his band upon her shoulder, tenderly he whispered: "Mother I" She turned and looked strangely at him, then exclaiming: "Oh, Traverse, how happy I was this day week 1" she burst into a flood of tears.

Traverse threw his arm around his mother's waist, and half-coaxed and half-bore her to her low chair, and sat her in it, and knelt by her side; and embracing her fondly, whispered: "Mother, don't weep so bitterly. You have me, am I nothing? Mother, / love you more than son ever loved his mother, or suitor his sweetheart, or husband his wife. Oh, is my love nothing, mother 7 "

Oniy sobs answered him. "Mother," he pleaded, "you are all the world to tne—let me be all the world to you. I can be it, mother,-1 can be it; try me. I will make every effort for my mother, and the Lord will bless us." Still no answer but convulsive sobs. "Oh, mother, mother, I will try to do for you more than ever son did for mother, or man for woman before, dear mother, if you will not break my heart by weeping so."

The sobbing abated a little, partly from exhaus- tion and partly from the soothing influences of the boy's loving words.

Listen, dear mother, what I will do. In the olden times of chivalry, young knights bound them- selves by sacred vows to the service of some lady, and laboureii long Bad perilously_ ik her honour:

===== 0002601_18951214_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
, "Of course not," muttered Herbert to himself.

"At first the fault was in myself. Yes, Herbert, ft was! you need not look incredulous, or hope to cast all the blame on him! Listen: happy, grate- ful, adoring as I was, I was also shy, timid, and bashful—never proving the deep love I bore my husband except by the most perfect self-abandon, ment to his will. All this deep though quiet devotion he understood as mere passive obedience void of love As this continued he grew uneasy, and often asked me if I ,:ared for him at all, or if it were possible for a young girl like me to love an old man like himself."

"A very natural question," thought Ilea rt. " Well, I used to whisper in answer' 'Yes,' and still 'Yes.' But this never satisfied Major War- field. One day, when he asked me if I cared for him the least in the world, I suddently answered, that if he were to die I should throw myself across his grave, and lie there until death should release me I whereupon he broke into a loud laugh, saying, 'Methinks the lady doth protest too much.' I was already blushing deeply at the unwonted vehemence of my own words, although I had spoken only as I felt—the very, very truth; but his laugh and his jest so increased my confusion—that--in fine was the first and last time I ever did protest I Like Lear's CorJelia, I was tongue-tied—l had no words to assure him. Sometimes I wept to think how poor I was in resources to make him happy. Then came another annoyance—my name and fame were freely discussed at the fort."

G. A natural consequen-ce," sighed Harbert. "The yoenizer officers, discovered my woodland

Lorne, and often stole out to rpconnoitre my cabin. Among them was Captain Le Noir, who, after he bad discovered my retreat, picked acquaintance with Lura, my attendant. Making the woodland sports his pretext, he haunted the vicinity of my cabin, often stopping at the door to beg a cup of water, which of course was never denied, or else to offer a bench of partridges, or a brace of rabbits, or Some other game, the sports of his gun, which equally of course was never accepted. One beauti- ful morning in June, finding my cabin door open and myself alone, he ventured unbidden across my 'threshold, and by his free conversation, and bold admiration, offended and alarmed me. Some days afterwards, in the mess-room at the fort, being elevated by wine, he boasted among his mess-mates of the intimate terms of friendly acquaintance upon which he falsely asserted that he had the pleasure Of standing with • Warfleld's pretty little favourite,' as he insolently called me. When my husband beard of this, I learned for the first time of the Malik violence of his temper. It was awful! It tightened me almost to death. There was a duel. of course. Le Noir was very dangerously wounded —scarred across the face for life, ind was confined many weeks to his bed. Major Warfield was also slightly hurt, and laid up at the Fort for a few days, during which I was not permitted to see him." "Is it possible that even then he did not see your danger, and acknowledge your marriage, and call you to his bed-side ? " inquired Herbert impatiently. " No I no! if he had, all after suffering had been spared No! at the end of four days he came back to me; but we met only for bitter reproaches on his part, and'sorrowful tears on mine. He charged me with coldness, upon account of the disparity in our years, and of preference for Captain Le Noir, because he was a pretty fellow: I knew this was not true of me. I knew that I loved my husband's very footprints better than I did the whole human race besides; but I could not tell him so then. Oh, in those days, though my heart was so full, I had so little power of utterance. There he stood before me! he that had been so ruddy and buoyant, now so pale from loss of blood, and so miserable, that I could have fallen and grovelled at his feet in sorrow and remorse at not being able to make him happy!" "There are some persons whom we can never make happy! It is not in them to be so?,, com- mented Herbert.

"He made me promise never to see or to speak to Le Noir againa, promise eagerly given but nearly impossible to keep. My husband spent as much time with me as he possibly could spare from his military duties, and looked forward with impatience to the autumn, when it was thought that he would be at liberty to take me home. He often used to tell me that we should spend our Christmas at his house, Hurricane Hall, and that I should play Lady Bountiful, and distribute Christmas gifts to the negroes, and that they would love me. And oh with what joy I anticipated that time of honour and safety and careless ease, as an acknowledged wife, in the home of my husband I There, too, I fondly believed our child would be born. All his old tenderness returned for me, and I was as happy if net as 'wildly joyful, as at first." " 'Twas but a lull in the storm," said Herbert.

"Aye ! 'twas but a hill in the storm, or rather before the storm! I do think that from the time of that duel, Le Noir had resolved upon our ruin. As soon as he was able to go out, he haunted the woods around my cabin, and continually lay in wait for me. I could not go out even in the company of my maid Lura to pick blackberries and wild plums, cr gather forest roses, or to get fresh water at the spring, without being intercepted by Le Noir and his offensive admiration. He seemed to be übiquitous He met me everywhere—except in the presence of Major Warfield. I did not tell my husband, because I feared that if 1 did he would have killed Le Noir, and died for the deed." . "Humph! it would have been 'good riddance of bad rubbish' in both cases!" muttered Herbert, under his teeth.

"But instead of telling him, I confined myself strictly to my cabin. One fatal day my husband, on leaving me in the morning, said that I need not wait up for him at night, for that it would be very late when he came, even if he came at all. He kissed me very fondly when he went away. Alas! alas! it was the last—last time I At night I went to bed disappointed, yet still so expectant that I could not sleep. I know not how long I had waited thus, or how late it was when I heard a tap at the outer door, and heard the bolt undraw, and a foot- step enter, and a low voice asking: "'ls she asleep and Lara's reply in the affirma- tive. Never doubting it was my husband, I lay there in pleased expectation of his entrance. He came in, and began to take off his coat in the dark. I spoke, telling him that there were matches on the bureau. He did not reply, at which I was surprised; but before I could even repeat my words, the outer door was burst violently open, hurried footsteps crossed the entry, a light flashed into my room, my husband stood in the door in full military uniform, with a light in his band and the aspect of an aveng- ing demon on his brow _ _

"HORROR OF Honuons 1 the half-undressed man in my chamber was Captain Le Noir 1 I saw, and swooned away!" "But you were saved you were saved 1" gasped Herbert, white with emotion. " Oh, I was saved, but not from sorrow—not from shame 1 I awoke from that deadly swoon to find myself alone, deserted, cast away Oh 1 torn out from the warmth and light and safety of my home in my husband's heart, and hurled forth shivering, faint, and helpless upon the bleak world and all this in twenty-four hours Ah I I did not lack the power of expression then! happiness had never given it to me—anguish conferred it upon me! that one fell stroke of fate cleft the rock of silence in my soul, and the fountain of utterance gushed freely forth. I wrote to him—but my letters might as well bave been dropped into a well. I went to him, but was spurned away. I prayed him with tears to have pity on our unborn babe ; but he laughed aloud in scorn, and called it by an oppro- brious name! Letters, prayers, and tears were all in vain. He never had acknowledged our marriage, he now declared that he never would do so; dis- carde I me, disowned my child, and forbade us ever to take his name l" "Oh, Marah 1 and you but seventeen years of age! without a father or a brother or a friend in the world to take your part I without even means to employ an advocate I" exclaimed Herilert, cover- ing his face with his hands and sinking back. "Nor would I have used any of these agencies, had I possessed them! If my wifehood and mother- hood, my affection and my helplessness, were not advocates strong enough to win my cause, I could not have borne to employ others." "Oh, Mandl, with none to pity or to help! it was monstrous to abandon you so I" "No I hush; consider the overwhelming evidence against me I considered it even in the tempest and whirlwind of my anguish, and never once blamed and never once was angry with my husband. For I knew—not he, but the terrible circumlantial evidence had ruined me!"

"Ay, but did you not explain it to him?" "How could I, alas I when I did net understand it myself? How Le Noir knew that Major Waraeld was not expected home that fatal night—how he got into my house, whether by conspiring with my little maid, or by deceiving her—or lastly, how Major Warfield came to burst in upon him so sud- denly, I did not know, and do not to this day!"

"But you told Major Warfield all that you have told me!"

"Oh, yes! again and again, calling Heaven to witness my truth I In vain! 'he had seen with his own eyee,' he said. Against all I could say or do, , there was built up a wall of scornful incredulity, on which I might have dashed my brains out to no purpose I" "Oh, Marsh! Marah I with none to pity or to save 1" again exclaimed Herbert. _ _

" Yes,"_ said the meek creature, bowing her head; "God pitied and helped me! First he sent me a son that grew strong and handsome in body, good and wise in soul. Then he kept alive in my heart faith and hope and charity. He enabled me, through long years of unremitting and ill-requited toil, to live on, loving against anger, waiting against time, and hoping against despair I" " Why did you leave your western home and come to Staunton, Marah f " asked Herbert.

"To be where I could sometimes hear of my husband, without intruding on him. I took your widowed mother in because she was his sister, though I never told her who I was, lest she should wrong and scorn me, as he bad done. When she died I cherished you, Herbert, first because you were his nephew, but now, dear boy, for your own sake, also." "And I. while I live, will be a son to you, Madam l I will be your constant friend at Hurricane Hall. He talks of making me his heir. Should he persist in such blind injustice, the day I come into the property, I shall turn it all over to his widow and son. But Ido not believe that he will persist; I, for my part, still hope for the best." "I also hope for the best, for whatever God wills Is sure to happen, and his will is surely the best I Yes, Herbert, I also hope—beyond the grave!" said Marsh Rock% with a wan smile.

The little clock that stood between the tall plated candlestieks on the mantel-piece struck twelve. and Tilarah rose_ from her amt.

"Traverse, poor fellow, will he home to hils dinner. Not a word to him, Herbert, please I I do not wish the poor lad to know how much he hall lost, and above all, I do not wish him to be prejudiced against his father." "You are right, Marsh," said Herbert, "for if he were told, the natural indignation that your wrongs would arouse in his heart, would totally unfit him] to meet his father, in a proper spirit, in that even' fOX which I will hope—a future and a perfect family Union 1".. tg• * - * Herbert Greyson remained a week with hit friends, during which time he paid the quarter's rent, and relieved his adopted mother of that cause of anxiety. Then he took leave and departed for Hurricane Hall, on his way to Washington City, whence he was immediately going to pass hir examination and await his appointment.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18951214_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MEESE N

et rfHE whole medical profession the world over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and DyTepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the stomach and kidneys. Hitherto the remedies prescribed by the medical profession for IndigAtion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogcler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion. It is the most wonderful medicine in exivtenee, a few doses 'gives relief—a few bottles cure the most chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 111% and 2.6, of all Chemists; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Solo Proprietors, The Charles A. Vogoler Co., 45, Farringdon Road, London." .os

===== 0002601_18951214_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS!

The golden city of Ballarat is said to be the only city in the world which can claim perfect immunity from rats. Not so Birmingham ;it is reported that two res- taurant-keepers have had to file petitions in bankruptcy in consequence of the serious damage done to their stock by rats. Tha famous Midland town is, it seems, suffer- ing from a plagueof rats, and the principal simpkeepere complain very seriously of the losses they are sustain- ing. A rather good rat story is told by a French con- temporary of an incident which recently occurred at .a town in the South of France during the Christmas visit of a circus. One of the chief attractions of the show was a troupe of performing dogs, and after they had gone through various feats, their trainer otQserved that Azor, the most accompdshed of them all, would favour the audience with a pianoforte solo. Accordingly Azor mounted a chair and struck up the " Marseillaise." At this moment, however, someone in the audience shouted out " Rats ! " Azor made one bound in the direction of the cry; but the pianoforte went on playing.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MORECAMBE PIER DISASTER.

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES: FIFTEEN ACTIONS. At the Leeds Town Hall on Monday, the Under Sheriff (Mr. E. Gray) and a jury, sat to assess damages in fifteen actions which had been brought against the Morecambe Pier Company, Limited, in respect of yie disaster which occurred by the collapse of the landing jetty on the 19th of September last, when two persona were drowned and forty others immersed in the sea, several of the latter being severely injured. In the first five cases Mr. Waddy, Q.C., and Sir George Morrison appeared for the claimants ; in the whole of the cases Mr. Overend Evans, of Southport, represented the com- pany. The first case taken was that of William Illing- worth,a miner, of Methley,who sued under Lord Cann, - bell's Act for damages for himself and son for the loss of his wifo.—Mr.Waddy said that the company had con- structcd at the end of the pier a landing stage tor plea- sure steamers plying between Morecambe and Black- pool, and other seaside resorts, the company chargipg id. per passenger, and thus making a considerable in- come. Consequently they could well afford to make a perfectly safe structure. The directors,however,seemed to think that any ramshackle kind of thing would do, and the landing stage was absolutely unfitted for the Rig - pose. On the 9th Se2tember the plaintiff,his wife,chlld. and sister-in-law went for a holiday to Blackpool and back by the steamer Express, commanded by Captain Thompson. When the steamer came alongside the land- ing stage the structure collapsed, and the whole of. the persons upon it were thrown into the sea. Plaintiff's wife was drowned, his boy was with difficulty saved by..' Captain Thompson, and he himself was seriously injured by the falling ironwork.—For the company Mr. Evana denied that the structure was a ramshackle one, or that it had been condemned.—The jury awarded Illingworth and his boy £lOO each for the loss of his wife, and £4O to himself for injuries to his shoulder. In the other caseo they gave £3O to Annie Arundel, dressmaker, Methlry... £5O to Elizabeth Stuart, silk w'eaver,Shipley ; ar sums were awarded to other claimants. and suM-

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BAR Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. TROMAs HALL.—" DEAR SIR,—I ple"ed testify to'the'great benefit derived from the use of your LUN... RBSTORBIL which I have given to !several children ft? my Home—in two cases part; sularlv its effects were Inarve2; loss having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be Pleas*" to recommend it to all my friends. CAUTION.— When youttsk, ask for a Bottle of GALL'S I UNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accept anilthls9 else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Bottle, appears my Trade Mark (the figure of Hon) Beware of fraudulent imitations nd innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. In Bottles.s is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficultV I,s. obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P. 0." for the amount, from, TPOS. HALL, 24, Queen Victor's. street, London. and Signature .

===== 0002601_18951214_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT MARE

AND FOAL ASSOCIATION.

MEETING OF SUBSCRIBERS.

A general meeting of the subscribers of the above society was held at 23, Bold-St., Warrington, on Monday afternoon, the chair being occupied by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. There were also present—Messrs. John White, J.P., H. Mawdsley, Joseph Shakeshaft, William Richardson, Caldwell, Lawton, H. Greenough, Edward Gibbin, Colin Mclver (hon. sec.), and H. B. Melville (assistant hon. sec.) The HON. SECRETARY read a letter from Mr. F. Monk, J.P., regretting his inability to attend the meeting, and stating that if there should be any wish expressed to ' re-elect him as vice-president he (the secretary) would oblige by informing those present that he could not ac- cept that office again. The resignation was accepted. The Hon. Secretary then read the annual report, which stated that the society this year had been indebted to Lady Greenall for the valuable privilege of holding the show in Walton Park, and that contributed in no small degree to the success of their show. Sir Gilbert Greenall entertained with his wonted hospitality, at luncheon, all the exhibitors and many other friends and visitors. He also added to the attraction of the show by having secured the attendance of the Walton Brass Band,and by kindly admitting the public to the stables, Sm. The showyard fittings were put up on the usual terms be- tween Sir Gilbert Greenall and the committee, an ar- rangement which was exceedingly favourable to the society. The society was now in possession of a per- manent show-ring fence, free of expense. For this they were indebted to Mr. R. A. Naylor,who kindly presented the society with the pssts and rails ready for fixing. It had been a most useful and acceptable present, and would save much annual expense. The exhibits that year were better in quality than the previous year in the shire classes, but the entries in the. hunter classes did not show the improvement either in number or in quality that he should liked to have seen. The experi- ment of having had an open class for shire mares and foals was a successful one,and should be continued in his opinion, at future shows. It might be as well perhaps, in future, ts exclude from any of the society's classes any animal that had taken a first prize at a county show in the same year. The draught horses were ex- cellent in quality, and he hoped would increase in num- ber at their next show. The turnouts were a decided improvement on last year's exhibits. The judges, assisted by very able and zealous stewards, got through their duties in good time, and he believed tffeir decisions were received with satissaction by tne exhibitors. The classes were got in and out of the ring with promptness by the stewards, and it was most pleasing to have had such untiring members to work for the society. Before closing his report he wished tc put before them one fact, that there appeared to be among their subscri- bers and exhibitors a wish to extend their show so as to include cattle and agricultural produce. The question was worthy of consideration, but in his opinion the cattle should be kept to breeding animals only. The object of the society was to induce members to become the breeders as well as the exhibitors or their stock of all descriptions. If anything was to be done in the direc- tion of extending the show, their members should have some intimation of the fact that winter, so as to enable them to select suitable heifers, 86. c., for the purpose. The report gave a table showing the results of the show for the last five years. In 1891 the gate money taken amounted to £33 125., and in 1895 it had fallen to £33 Is. 3d. In 1893 it realized £37 53. 6d. The total receipts in 1891 were £65 18s. 3d., and in 1895 £lOO 16s. 6d. The attendance in 1893 Was 1,426, in 1894 1,120, and in 1895 1,900.—Mr. JOHN WHITE moved the adoption of the report, and that the special attention of the committee be called to the proposed extension.— I This was seconded by Mr. GREENOUGH, and carried. The Hon. SECRETARY said that if the proposed enlarge- I ment was to be carried out there must of necessity be a re-arrangement of the committee,officials, and staff. It was very desirable the committee should have a tree hand. It had been a great pleasure to himself and to Mr. Melville to have taken part in the work of the society during the past few years, and is was to be hoped that the day was not far distant when the show would be recognized as the leading one in that important agricul- tural district. (Hear, hear.) Neither he not Mr. Mel- ville could see his way to become responsible as secre- taries for the details of the show, as they,were now some- what numerous.—The CHAIRMAN: It has not been de- finitely decided that the show shall be enlarged.—Mr. MAWDSLEY The show seems to be at a standstill. It seems to take it all its time to go on as it does.—Mr. GiaxEstobos : If you were to give a prize for jumpers you would get more gate money. We have to cater for the public. If we go on as we have been doing during the past three or four years the sooner the show is shut up the better. We "not something besides a few colts and rnares.—Mr. MAWDSLEY When the society was formed the object in view was to encourage breeding—it is a breeding society.—The CHAIRMAN : We are not formed to cater for the public.—Mr. MAWDSLEY : And a great deal of good has been done in the matter of breed- ing. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Joni; Warm : It would be a good thing if we could give encourage- ment to farmers to keep a few more cows. There are very few in this part of Cheshire now.— A suggestion was made that implements should be in. troduced into the show yard, but it was not fav- ourably received.—Sir GILBERT GREENALL than pro- posed that the show be enlarged for the introduction of cattle and agricultural produce, and that the executive Committee prepare a scheme to be presented at the an- nual meeting in February,including necessary rules and prize list.—Mr. WILLIAM RICHARDSON seconded.—Mr. GREENOUGH repeated his statement that prizes for jumpers would attract many people to the show.—The CHAIRMAN : We don't want the people, we want to im- prove the breed of animals.—Mr. JOHN WHITE If you introduced jumpers you would have to erect a grand atand.—Mr. GREENOUGH: Where one would go to see a cow, 20 would go to see a horse jump over a fence. The Warrington show ought to be as good as the Prescot show.—The CHAIRMAN: It is a better show to-day.-- Mr. Gass/moon : In some respects it is.—The question relating to the secretaries was referred to the Executive Committee, who will advise what steps should be taken at the annual meeting. A hope was expressed that in view of the valuable services which: bad been rendered by Messrs. Mclver and Melville an effort would be Made M induce them to remain in office.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A. WOMAN SENTENCED TO DEATH.

AN ACCOMPLICE ARRESTED IN COURT.

At the Warwick ASSIZ9S on Tuesday, Sarah Ann Eden, a midwife, was indicted for the murder of Rebecca Simister, a married woman, at Aston, it being alleged that she had performed an illegal operation which had proved fatal. Before her death Mrs. Simister told her husband what had been done, and it was asserted that the prisoner then begged him not to tell the doctors who had been called to attend Mrs. Simister. The prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to death. The Judge remarked that the crime was only too common. He hoped the sentence would deter others from pursuing this wicked trade. The same prisoner and Matilda Man- ning, dressmaker,of Aston, were jointly indicted for the manslaughter of Mabel Gordon, a barmaid, of Leeds, on the 28th of October, by performing an illegal operation. Eden was, however, not put upon her trial in this case. The principal witness was John Hineson, commercial traveller, of Hull, who said he had been intimate with the deceased woman Mabel Gordon, and in September she informed him of her condition. He made arrange- ments for her to go to Manning's house at Aston. He had written a letter to Manning with respect to Mabel Gordon going to her house, but he had destroyed the letters which he had received in reply to his letters. He admitted writing a letter to the prisoner beginning " My darling Tilly," in which he said : "You ask me about Miss Gordon knowing the relations between us. She knew nothing when I wrote, but I have bad since to tell her,but even then not too much. That is why I ad- dressed you as I did." In another letter witness ad- mitted writing "It' all is over before Clarice goes to the Shop in the morning, send me a wire saying how things have gone on. I got your letter this morning, and from information received I think the party in question has somewhere about ES for the job. You therefore will know how to act." The Judge asked witness what he meant by asking for a wire if all was over, and witness said he meant if Manning had met Gordon. The Judge said he expected an intelligent answer to his question, but the witaess need not incriminate himself. In a further letter the witness admitted writing : " Gordon Can go back on Thursday. She will be very foolish to go before,and run a great risk of taking cold." Mr. Hugo Young had commenced his cross-examination of Hineson when the foreman of the jury was seized with a fit,and had to he removed from the court under medical attendance. During the enforced stoppage of the case the Judge held a consultation with Mr. Soden, the lead- ing counsel for the prosecution, whereupon Mr. Soden announced that he did not intend to proceed further with the case against the prisoner and would consent to an acquittal.—The Judge said he fully agreed with the de- cision of the prosecution. It appeared to him that there had been a misplacing of people in the dock. The pri- soner had been very properly charged with manslaughter and stood a great risk of being convicted,but under the circumstances which had transpired he could not have passed a proper sentence upon her if convicted. He hoped the police would take good care that the witness in the box took up the position which the woman occu- pied, for it was quite clear that he was the person who ought to be put upon the trial for this crime. —The police then arrested the witness Hineson for the man- slaughter of Mabel Gordon.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWN BY THE CURES!

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. ltd. Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from H0LR07D..4 Medical Hall, Checkbeaten, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor. and a box will be seat',next pos.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,1

===== 0002601_18951214_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A DOC FOR IN TROUBLE THROUGH

VA COINATIO

"A Local Physician, who enjoys a large practice not ar from here, nearly lost one of his best families the other day through Vaccination,and you will do well to be very careful lest you encounter similarexperiA,ces." The man who thus addressed me was one of my neighbours, and a most successful doctor himself. "I am breaking no rules of etiquette," lie added, "in telling you of this, as I happen to be the doctor referred to. and, besides, I shall not disclose the name of the family. My experi- ence also will interest you, and, I think, instruct you." "Be brief," I said, "for I have heard of many a quarrel and many an illness through Vaccination.' " Three months ago," said he, " MieS Evelyn-- . . .

, called upon me and wished to be vaccinated. As she was of age, and I was their regular family physician. I asked no questions, but did as she desired. Next day I received a call from her mother, who informed me that their first child, a beautiful boy, had died from vaccination,and both she and her husband were greatly annoyed and worried over Evelyn, and wished me to prescribe for her at once. I assured her the lymph I had used was pure,and could do no harm, and that no remedy could be given at that stage which would be of any value. She left me very dissatisfied. Two weeks later mother and daughter called, the mother furious and the daughter in tears. The poor girl's face was utterly disfigured with blotches, pimples, and redness, and her mother told me sh,; had several similar marks upon her body. You can understand my position. I ' knew of no remedy to prescribe, and I dreaded the re- sults. My explanation that I could not understand it gave but little comfort. I felt I must prescribe , something, and so I wrote one ot our ordinary, simple, and, I may add, useless prescriptions, cheered them up, said ' Good Morning," and timed to my desk in a state . of positive distraction. As I turnee my eye fell upon I the letters V.V.V.' which were printed upon the cover of a pamphlet that I had, two hours before, with a sense of annoyance, thrown into the waste paper basket. I picked it up, glanced over the first few lines, and turned quickly towards the door through which Evelyn and her mether were just disappearing. ' I'll call to-morrow,' was all I said. V.V.V.. or Vaccination Virus Vanquisher, occupied my attention most of that night. I read and re-read every word contained in the pamphlet. I said to myself, If this he true, and it certainly appears to be,l have found a s:..ientific remedy of the greatest value.' As you know, I am familiar with the:analysis of drugs, so I decided to thoroughly investigate the remedy before pre- scribing it. I purchased a bottle from a chemist who did not know me, as I did not wish my chemist to see me buying what appeared to be a patent medicine. I spent hours in analysing,or rather trying to analyse, the medicine,but found that it contained an antiseptic which could not be broken up,a most important point,and which though powerful,was very mild. A few hurried experi- ments in my laboratory convinced me that it would probably do all that was claimed for it. I filled oue of my own bottles with V.V.V. took it to Evelyn in the tnorning,assured her that she would be cured, and now, after having given her three bottles, always prescribed as my own medicine, she is perfectly well. I advise you to give it a trial, for I know you will find it invari- ably valuable." " Your story is interesting," I answered, " but I have myself been using V.V.V. since it was first introduced, and: if I had time, could tell you of even more wonderful results than your own, for I have found it to act perfectly, both in the prevention and cure of all the diseases resulting from vaccination."—" The Modern F.tmily Doctor."

The price, 2. 91 per bottle, places it within the reach of all. It may be obtained from all Chemists, or from the V.V.V. Company, Limited, 31, Snow Hill, Londen, E.C., who will send a pamphlet on the subject to all who apply.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS AT PAR it HALL.

The first of a series of Saturday evening concerts to be held at Parr Hall, Warricgton, was given on Satur- day evening. The attendance, although not so large as the concert merited, was not discouraging, but if the excellence of last Saturday's concert is to be maintained, a full house will be necessary. Amongst those present may be mentioned the Mayor (Councillor James Fair- dough), with members of the Town Council, and officials. The scenery, which had been erected for the occasien, although not extensive or luxurious, was very effective, and gave evidence—if any were needed—of the adaptability of the place for a theatrical perform- ance. With the exception of the items contributed by the Warrington Borough Band, the whole of the pro- gramme was provided by artistes from other places. " Torquato Tasso " by thy band served as an overture. The performanle, although not altogether fault- less in execution, was highly creditable band, and it was rather unfortunate for them that one of the newly fixed flies should catch fire during their performance,ancl thus divert attention. The first part of the programme was of a miscellaneous character, and was taken part in by the following artistes :—Miss Fanny Be Bouffiers (soprano), miss 11.:,5e Keefe (mezzo•soprano), Mr. George Barton (tenor) , Mr. Sidney Taylor (tenor) , Mr. Alex Wood (baritone), Mr. Wilfred Elli- son (basso), and Mr. Wilson Blackledge (humorist). a trio, entitled " The Mariners " (J. Naviganti) taken part in by Miss De Bouffiers Mr. Sidney Taylor, and Mr. Wood,was particularly fine, there being a pleasing, harmonius blending of voices. Two very familiar songs were sung by Mr. Barton, viz., " The Sailor's Grave," and " The Holy City," which were rendered in a manner that made apparent their iatrinsic merit, Needless to say be was vociferously recalled and gave as an encore "My Sweetheart when a Boy." Miss Fanny De Bouffiers was similarly successful in gaining the goodwill of the audi- ence by her singing of the vocal waltz " Il Baccio," a niece abounding in difficult though delightful passages. In response to continued applause, she complied with a song, certainly better understood by the audience, en- titled "Coming through the Rye," and she sung it with that sparkling vivacity which showed how fully she had caught the meaning of the words. Miss Rose Keefe gave an intelligent rendering of the song" Love smiles but to deceive," and Mr. Wilfred Ellisen treated us with his rich bass voice with a capital rendering of "The Village Blacksmith." In response to the loud and con- tinued applause of the audience, he twice bowed his acknowledgments. Mr. Wilson Blackledge, of St. Helens, has already gained for himself a high reputation as a hismorist,and he certainly maintained it on Satur- day. In addition to his sketches being given in an ex- ceedingly clever manner he can also claim them as being of his own invention. His mimicry of pedlars, street musicians, and singing in general, attested his ability to rapidly change the time of his voice, and with good effect. His performance greatly pleased the audi- ence, and lie was frequently applauded. For the second ' part, a costume recital of Wallace's famous and well- known opera " Maritana " was given. Many will be familiar with it but a few lines of the argument may be here gives. The scene is laid in Madrid, and whilst singing te a crowd of people in a square of this ancient city, " Maritana" (a handsome (jitana) attracts the admiration of the King. This is observed by an unscru- pulous courtier named Don Jose, and he determines to satisfy the King's whim, and afterwards to betray him to the Queen, with whom he is bold enough to be in love. For the purpose of carryine, out his plans, Don Jose persuades an impetuous spendthrift Don Caesar de Bazan,who is about to be hanged,to marry a veiled lady, I and for so doing, his sentence is changed to the more soldier-like death of being shot. The veiled wife, who is none other than Maritana, is introduced to the King as her husband, Count de Bazan, whom she is told she has just married. Unfortunately for Don Jose's scheme, the real Count was not shot, and escaping from prison, he forces his way into the room, just as Maritana leaves the King, who had continued to pursue her with his unwel- come attentions. Count Cresar proves to Maritana that he is the man to whom she was so mysteriously wedded, and on going to the Queen to ask her help, he finds Don Jose pressing his suit on the indignant Queen, and kills him. The King on hearing of the Count's bravery restores to him hi a bride, and makes him Governor of Valentia. The artistes taking part were as follows :—Don Cresar de Bazan, Mr. Sidney Taylor ; Don Jose, Mr. Alex. Wood; King of Spain, Mr. Wilfred Ellison :Lazarillo. Miss Rose Keefe ; and Mari- tana, Miss Fanny De Bouffiers—a quintette who proved themselves equal to the exigencies of the occasion. The performance throughout was a complete success, the singing being a musical treat. The dresses too, were admirably selected. Mr. George Moss fulfilled the duties of pianist and conductor. The report would be incom- plete without a word of praise to the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) for the excellent arrangements made, and in these duties he was ably assisted by Mr. Stanley Wilson.

The outcry against foreign dogs raised five years ago on the introduction of the Belgian Scbipperke met with the result which usually attends protests of the kind. The good qualities of this now popu- lar little dog were indeed so extensively advertised that a Schipperke Club came shortly into existence, and this association, conjointly with the Chow Chow Club, has at length succeeded in organising a show devoted exclusively to non-British dogs. This enterprise, inaugurated on Tuesday at the Westminster Acinarium, proved to be abundantly justified, and will become an annual fixture. Chow Chows of Chinese and Japanese origin formed the staple of the exhibition. They are now established favourites. White, black, tan, and fawn colour, the breed possesses the charm of variety; and its repre- sentatives on Tuesday seemed to possess virtues of the most ingratiating description. The little Snip- perkes also came in for their share of admiration. The novel feature in the exhibition was the pre- sence of some specimens of the " Dogue de Bor- deaux," a formidable-looking brute of great fighting powers. One of the " beauties "of the show—and there were many—Was decidedly " Shalizada," an Afghan barukhzy hound, whose legs were trousered with long silky hair of the finest possible texture.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE F,XAMINER, NTURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1895.

A CASE OF NERVOUS PROSTRATION RESULTING FROM INDIGESTION.

They say that misery laves emnp illy, and they have had it so often it has passed into a proverb. Yet it isn't an all-round truth. Some kinds of misery detest company. They want to be left alone. They hate to be elbowed and questioned and talked to. A wounded dog will always crawl into some retired place by itself. The in- stinct of badly Injured men, after a battle is the same. Ailments that are mostly faucy, tend to set tongues waggiug. But real, genuine and dangerous diseases don't incite to speech. Crises which are big with fate usually come and go in quiet That is why Mrs. Scuffham had no desire for the social, of even her best friends at a certain time she is going to tell us about. " Up to April, Mil," she writes,'' I never knew what it was to be ill. At that time I began to feel that some- thing was amiss with me. I had no relish for my meals, and after eating, my chest felt heavy and painful, and ,ny heart would beat and thump as though it meant to leap out of its place. Presently I became so swollen round the waist that I was obliged to unloose my zlothing, as I could not bear anything to touch that part of my body. "Even the lightest food gave me pain ; a little fish setting my heart to beating at a great rate. My feet were cold, and cold, clammy sweats would break out all over me, and leaving me exhausted and worn out. At night I got no sleep to speak of, and in the morning I felt worse tired than when I went to bed. I also suffered a great deal from my feet being puffed up and score. I could scarcely get about the house. When I went shopping I had to ride to the town and back as I could only walk a few yards.

" As time went on I lost my flesh and strength more and more, and gave up hope of ever recovering the pre- cious health I had so sadly lost. I took medicines, and consulted a clever doctor at Derby who examined me and said my heart was weak. He also gave me medi. eines, but I got only temporary ease front them, and in a short time was as bad as before. All this time I was so nervous and depressed that I had no desire for company. On the contrary I seemed to want to be alone with my misery. Even a knock at the door frightened me, as though I expected bad news,yet I did not really. My nerves and fancies ran away with my knewledge and judgment. Thousands of women who have suffered in this way will understand what I mean. "Year after year I remained in this condition, and what I went through I cannot put in words, nor do I wish to try. It will answer the purpose to way that I existed thus for eleven and a half years, as much dead as alive. I spend pounds on pounds in physic, but was not a whit the better for any of it. "In October, 1892, a book was left at our house, and I read in it of oases like mine being cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. I got a bottle from Mr. Bardel, the chemist, in Normanton Street, Derby, and when I had taken this medicine for a few days, my appetite was better and I had less pain. I kept on taking it, and soon my food agreed with me and I gained strength. "After this! never looked behind me, but steadily got stronger and stronger. When I had taken three bottles I was quite like a new woman. All the nervousness had I left me, and my heart was sound as a bell. Since than I have enjoyed good health, and all who know me say my recovery is remarkable. lam confident that Mother I Seigel's Syrup was the means, in the hands of Provi- dence, of saving my life; and out of gratitude, and in hope of doing good, I freely consent to the publication ef this statement. (Signed) (Mrs.) Ann Scuff ham, Cooper's Lane, Laceby, Grimsby, May Ist, 1885." This letter is endorsed by Mr. William J. Tollerton, of the same town, who vouches for the truth of what Mrs. Scuffham has said, as :he personally knew of the circumstances of her illness at the time they occurred No comment can add a jot to the force of this open, candid, and sincere communication. Whosoever reads it must needs be moved and convinced by it. The disease which filled this woman's life with pain and misery for nearly twelve years was indigestion or dyspep- sia, an ailment sly and cunning as a snake in the grass —and as dangerous. Send for the book of which Mn. Scuffnam speaks, and read the symptoms in order that you may know what it is, and how to deal with it. The book costs you nothing, yet it would be worth buying as if every leaf were hammered with gold.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

LASP WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

During the seven days ending Friday, December 5, 115 sea-going vessels, with an aggregate net registered tonnage of 33,891 tons, arrived at and sailed from the various docks, wharves, &c., on the Ship Canal, as against 93 vessels of 32A88 tons during the previous week. There was a large increasa in coastwisa traffic, which was represented by 90 vessels of 18,403 tons, against 62 vessels of 11,974 tons ; while foreign traffic showed a slight diminution,the figures for last week being 25 ships of 15,488 tons,against 31 ships of 20,514 tons in prec•ding week. Twenty-one general cargoes were im- ported. 16 of stone, slate, &c., 15 of china clay, four of pig iron, two of iron pyrites, one of copperas, one of lime ash, one of pit props, one of oranges, &c., from Syria, and one of fliur, currants,and sumach. Amongst the cargoes exported were 19 of general merchandise and four of coal. The railway traffic to and from the docks is increasing rapidly, and last week was an ex- ceptionally busy one in this department, several thou- sands of tons of timber, wood pulp, iron pyrites, pig iron,cotton, fruit, and general merchandise having been despatched to inland destinations over the London and North-Western, Lancashire and 'Yorkshire, Cheshire Lines, and other railways ; while a large amount of coal, machinery, and other goods arrived at the docks by rail for shipment. During last month 20,000 tons of railway traffic were dealt with by the dock officials, nearly four times as much as was handled in the cor- ponding period of last year. It is understood that ~the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, via Cornbrook Junction and Ancoats, is about to begin excavating the underground branch line which will place it in direct connection with thc dock railway system. When this is completed a great stimulus will, it is anticipated, be given to the trade of the port with the surrounding towns.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NO NERVES. THE HAPPY CEHNAMAN,

An American writer, who has closely studied the sub- ject,tells us that the Chinaman is much less nervous than the E iropean. and proves his case thus. The European cannot sit still. We finger our pencil while talking. We rub our hands together, we twirl our thumbs. The Chinaman can remain any length of time in one position He will write all day like an automaton. He can stand weaving, gold-beating, or whatever may be his craft, frm morn till eve without variation of the monotony, Chi see school children are subjected to an amount of confinement, unrelieved by any change of work, which would bring Western children to the verge of insanity. The very infants in arms, instead of squirming and wriggling, as our children do, almost as soon as they are born li as impassive as their mud gods. In the item of sleep the Chinaman can sleep anywhere. None of the trifling disturbances which drive us to despair annoy him With a brick for a pillow, he can lie down ow his bed of stalks and sleep the sleep of the just. He does not want his room darkened, nor require others to be still. The cock may crow or the child cry, or the cat waul or the dog howl, without disturbing him. On public works hundreds may be seen, as the American has seen them, asleep across three wheelbarrows, with head down and mouth wide open, and a fly inside. Needleness to say, there are no hospitals for nervous diseases in China.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
"IS TEE PREVENTION OF SMOKE

ECONOMICAL ?"

On Thursday last week, in the rooms of the Marine Engineers' Union, Limited, South John-street, Mr. T. Morris, F.G.S., of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited, Warrington, lectured to an attentive and appregiative anditory, under the presi- dency of Mr. J. A. Mills, president of the Liverpool branch. The subject of the lecture was "Is the preven- tion of smoke economical ?" In the first part of his paper he devoted himself to explaining the component parts of black smoke with the view to proving the im- possibility of consuming smoke by any known process once it is formed. Dealing historically with the various inventions designed to consume smoke before leaving the combustion chamber, he showed that, so far as was known, one and all had been futile in accomplishing the object intended, and he came to the conclusion that the prevention of smoke was not economical, the expense of rarefaction exceeding the value of the product. In pro- testing against the persecution to which coal-consuming factories and works were exposed at the hands of sani- tary inspectors, he added, as the result of about forty- five years' experience that he believed they would not have much reason to fear the nuisance inspector if they attended to a few points. Among these he stipulated upon having no air inlet except what passed through the furnace bars, an automatic feeder or an honest stoker who would feed his fuel on the grid without letting air in, the fuel to be as equal in size as possible, and the fire to be fed as lightly and frequently as practicable.—From the discussion which followed it appeared that all were not agreed with Mr. Morris on every point, but he was heartily thanked for his paper.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MR ALFRED R. SUTTON'S CONCERT.

Mr. Alfred R Sutton held his first grand con- cert at the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Friday night, and despite the boisterous weather. there was a very fair number present, Mr. Sutton had arranged an excellent pro- gramme, and the artistes who were engaged are well known to Warrington audiences, being as fol- lows : Miss Ethel Thompson, solo pianoforte ; Miss Eleanor Pickton, soprano; Miss Taylor, contralto; Mr. W. S. Howard, tenor; Mr. E. Whitehouse, baritone ; and Mr. Richard Eccles, basso. Mr Sutton's' orchestra comprising 50 performers, con- ducted by himself, also gave a number of selec- tions, the following comprising their repertoire : March, " Mendelssohn," composed by Mr. Sutton; overture," Bohemian Girl," Balfe ; " The Darkey's Dream," Lansing; symphony by Schubert in B minor (unfinished) first movement; overture, " Mirelli," GOunod ; entre-acte, " Sprites," Mr. Sut- ton; and Dances, "To Henry VIII.," German. The pieces composed by Mr. Sutton show that his talents in composition are ot no mean order,and he is to be complimented upon the excellent impres- sion they made upon the audience. Mr. E. W.Whitehouse's contributions were very successsful and were "The Bedouin's love song," and "The angel at the window." Mr. Richard Eccles and Miss Eleanor Picktou were the other soloists and their pieces were respectively "Out ou the deep,' and "Rest " (Handel). Two quartettes were given by Miss Pickton, Miss Taylor, Mr. W. S. Howard, and Mr. R. Eccles entitled " Sleep, gentle lady," and Madrigal from Sullivan's opera, "Mikado." Miss Ethel Thompson exhibited great skill and taste in the pianoforte concerto (Capriccio brillante), by Mendelssohn. The concert taken as a whole was an excellent one, and Mr. Sutton's initial venture is not without encouragement for the future.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 30th November, 145. During the week, which was the 48th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths Warrington 2l 22 Latchford 4

Total 25

The excess of births over deaths was 3. The death rate from all causes was equal to 20 per 1,000, against 24 3 tho average of the previous four weeks, and against 12 the corresponding week of last year. The death. rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 5.4 per 1,000, against 6.4 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 2.7 the corresponding week of 1894. The ages of mortality were- 0— 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 3 9 1 6 3 22

- - - - - - -

The deaths included-5 from measles, 1 from seerlet fever, 1 from rheumatic fever, 2 from cancer, 3 from lung disease, 3 from brain disease, 2 from heart disease, 1 from kidney disease, 1 from pistol shot wounds.

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas, 2 eases, soarlet fever 5 cases, diphtheria, 3 cases, enteric 3 cases.

Total number of patients in hospital on Nov.3oth-51. •

METEOROLOOY.—the mean temperature was 424 Fah., and therefore 3.6 degrees lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 52 F., was recorded on the 30th inst., and the raimimum temperature 34 F., on the 27th inst. The Rainfall measured •42 inch. The general direc- tion of the wind was N.N.E. The reading of the Anemo- meter denoting 1400 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

The Royal Laundresses say Critehley's " STARCH GLOSS Is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starched linen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn. wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. Bradford : "Dear sir.— I am pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Po.ishes, but find none equal to yours." it should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d., and 6d., 1 y most statch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. ii 1TCZ1.1.7, Llackburn. Exprietor ,—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAVELLING IN RURAL JAPAN.

On Monday night, :at a meeting of the Royal Geo- graphical Society, held in London, the Rev. W. Weston, read a paper descriptive of journeys made by him in the Japanese Alps. Speaking of the customs of the in- habitants of the districts through which he travelled, Mr. Weston said the Japanese in these out of-the-way mountain resorts indulge their taste for bathing to an incredible extent. In one place he knew of, where the water was just about blood heat, a man would stay in practically for a month on end, taking care, however,to place a heavy stone on his knees, to keep him from floating or turning over in his sleep. The caretaker of this particular establishment, a cheery old man of some seventy summers, himself stays in the bath the whole winter through. In the case of another spot famed ft r its thermal springs, the inhabitants apoloogised to a friend of his for what they called their dirtiness when he happened to visit their neighbourhood on a tour. "For," they said, " it is the summer time, and we are too tusy to bathe more than twice a day." " Elow,often,then," he asked," do you bathe in the winter ? " " Oh, then we have more leisure, and we can bathe four or five times a day, and the children get into the water when- ever they feel cold !" After giving some account of the flora and funa of this Alpine region, Mr. Weston des- cribed the people, whose principal characteristic was their manners. Kindly hospitality was met with where- ever one went, and good treading was not the exclusive prerogative of a particular class or the monopoly ofthe educated or the well-to-do. As illustrating the character of the people, Mr. Weston related that during a moun- taineering expedition,not previously made by a foreigner near a wild, almost uninhabited valley, the only awn- modation he could get was at a solitary yuba(bath-house) of the roughest kind. On his arrival with a request for shelter,he was received by an old gray-haired man of three score and thirteen, who combined the dignity of a prince with the simplicity of a peasant. During the two days he spent under this primitive roof he was treated with a courtesy and attention that could not be excelled. His host's only anxiety was lest he should find the acco modation too rough and rude. Without Mr. Weston wishing it, be turned out the people who were in the best room he had. He always contrived tolet his guest have the public bath to himself, and made him a present of cakes of the sulphur deposit from the solfatara hard by to take home to use in his own bath. The only fav- our ho asked was that, one evening at dinner time, he might be allowed to come upstairs and sit at the top of the ladder, in the open doorway, to see how and what the foreigner ate at dinner. When Mr. Weston was leav- ing he asked what he had to pay. How puzzled the old gentleman was ! Shakieig his head, he said he really didn't know, as he had never entertained an" honour- able Mr. Foreigner before." After much pressing to name his own price, he finally ventured to murmur, with an air almost of shame at the exorbitance of the de- mand, "Well, really, do you think 5 sen (1ld.) would be too much ? "

===== 0002601_18951214_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
DIMA.GES AGAINST UNQUALIFIED MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS.

Two actions which resulted in damages against un qualified medical practitioners were tried before Judge Parry in the Manchester County Court on Monday.. In the first case judgment for £22 and costs was given against Samuel John Sherman, of lling-st.,who is adver- tised as a specialist in hernia. The plaintiff, John Howard, a mill engineer at Middleton, was induced by reading the defendant's advertisement to consult him, and he paid him first a preliminary fee of one guinea and afterwards a sum of £2l on the faith of a represen- tation that he could effect a cure. After suffering great 'pain as the result of the defendant's treatment, Ho ward consulted Mr. Walter Whitehe ad at the Royal Infirmary, and very soon obtained relief. The defendant called several persons who said they had been benefited by h treatment, but the judge held him to be guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation. The second case was of a similar character. The plaintiff, Harriet Bayliss, was aa cook in service near Bury. She consulted a man named Robert Whitehead, of Brunswick-st., who advertised himself as a specialist in certain diseas es, but whose treatment caused her unnecessary suffering, and ren- dered an operation necessary. The Judge awarded her £lO and costs.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button!! Of al hemists, Is. 1 a. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON.

SERIOUS RESULT OF A "LARK."

On Sunday night a man named Patrick Murray, living at 3, Berry's-yard, was admitted to the In- firmary suffering from a broken leg, caused during a " lark " with his brother.

SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 185.6d.-Treadle £44s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 18. Sankey-st.. Warrington. —Advt. DARESBURY AarsuLANCIC CLASS.

On Monday evening another lecture on ambu- lance work was given by Dr. Bower, in the Board School. The subject of the lecture was the means necessary for the removal of patients to places of safety after accidents, &c. The different methods of improvising seats by two men were fully illus- trated.

SEWING" MACHINES, Han i£2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. With handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. Durrox. 16 and 18. Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt. TIER PRIORY SCHOOL. On Monday morning, Mrs. Reynolds' pupils were addressed by the Rev. G. W. Grundy, 8.D., on the subject of South American mission work. The lec- ture was illustrated by magic-lantern representa- tions explaining the most important points of the subject, and was listened to by the young people with great interest and pleasure.

_ HOUSEHOLD LitrENs.hemmed and marked free of chair —J. andW. DuTToN,y-et., Sankey Warrington.—Advt. SUDDEN DEATH.

On Sunday night, about ten o'clock, Julia Ball, of 21, Silver-st , died under painful circumstances. It appears that in the afternoon the deceased went to the Infirmary for the purpose of consulting one of the house surgeons. It was found that she was suffering from a severe attack of pneumonia, and was detained as an in-patient, death taking place as stated at the institution. The coroner has been communicated with. STOVES.—Iron Merchant, GARLAND, Bridge-street,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITING MATCH AT .CROFT.

On Saturday afternoon a quoiting match for .£3O a side took place on the quoiting green at the Joiners' Arms Hotel, Croft. between Mr. A. Isher- wood, of School Brow, and Mr. J. Price, of Bank Quay, Warrington. The general conditions were that the distance be 19 yards from pin to pin, and the game 101 up,the first quoit to be thrown at one o'clock. Mr. George Higham, of School Brow,War- rington,was the stakeholder and referee. Isherwood wou the toes, and commenced the game, but was soon and easily beaten by his opponent.

OILR.—GARLAND, Importer, :51, Bridge-street, Warrington.

ROBBERY AT THE BOOKSTALL AT THE CENTRAL STATION. On Monday morning it was discovered that the bookstall belonging to Messrs. W.H. Smith and Sons, at the Central Station, had been broken into. The small office in which the books in connection with the business were kept had been forcibly entered and the desk ransacked. As the manager of the stall had, however, taken the precaution on Saturday night to remove everything of appreciable value, only a few coppers were found by the thief to com- pensate him for the trouble and risk of breaking open the door. All the books were left untouched I so that it is plain that the person or persons did not intend to run any risk of discovery by having them in his possession.

SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 10s• Treadle £4 4s with handsome walnut coven—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18, Saakey-et., Warrington.—Advt. CHRIST CHURCH SALE on VVORIC

On Saturday the annual sale of work in connec- tion with the above church was held in the Parish Room, Latchford, the proceedings being opened by Mrs. Charlton Parr, of Orappenhall Heyes. The Rev. B. B. Prescott, in a few remarks at the com- mencement of the proceedings, thanked those who had contributed the articles for the sale. He knew that Mrs. Parr was always willing to give a helping hand in any good work. He had great pleasure, therefore, in introducing her to the audience. (Applause )—Mrs. Parr, in declaring the sale open, said that the object in view was a good one, and she hoped they would all do their utmost to make the sale of work a success. (Applause.) The room was neatly decorated, and the various stalls, which contained plain and fancy work, toys and refresh- ments, were presided over by the members of the Church Workers' Association. During the sale. musical entertainments were given at frequent in- tervals. At seven o'clock in the evening a rummage sale was held, and many useful articles were dis- posed of. There were present among others—Mr.J Charlton Parr, Mr. Edelsten, the Rev. Canon Willis Rev. H. V. Pigot, Rev. B. Prescett, Rev. J. M. Pres- cott, and the Mayoress (Mrs. Fairclough). HOUSISHOLD LINE rtg, hemmed and marked free of charge. and W. Dutton, Sankey-at., Warrlngton.—Adnt. EBENEZER CHURCH BAND OF HOPE.

, On Monday evening the third of a series of Band of Hope entertainments was held in the above place of worship. The Chairman. Mr. E. Plinston.opened the meeting promptly at 7.30 with a suitable hymn from byte's temperance melodies, and after a Ishort prayer by Mr. Cook, gave a very appropriate Iparody " The publican's advertisement." The Ichoir then sang "I love to think of water bright," Mr. Bennett gave a recitation, " Why she fainted." A song was nicely rendered by Mrs. Bennett, en- titled "The gambler's wife," and Bros. Richardson effectively gave a solo each on brass instruments. Nelly Richardson then gave a recitation" Good ad- vice." Mr. Whittaker greatly amused the audience by ably rendering three beautiful solos on his con- * itina, keeping the meeting in roars of laughter by his imitation of birds, church bells, &c., &c. Mr. N. Cook followed with a good song," Friend of the brave," given with creditable ability. Mr. R. Cook gave a reading, showing the subtle effects of drink and the wonderful powers of the Gospel to help, restore, and save. Mr. Hazledine gave two semi-comic songs which met with deserved ap- plause. Miss R. Bowyer recited " A band of youngsters," and Cissy Roylance also gave a recitation. Miss Bibby followed with a song, entitled "Poor child of the drunkard." Then came a dialogue, "The Ladies' Conference," having 13 district representatives, each giving an account ot the benefits of total abstinence in their different localities. It was very creditably done, producing a good effect upon, as well as greatly amusing the audience. 'Ms following took part in it :—MN. Bennett (Chairman), Mrs. E. Littlewood, the Misses Bates, Mrs. Cotterell, Miss Drury, Miss Plinston, Miss Bibby, Miss Finch, Mrs. Lee, Miss Littlewood, the Misses Richardson. Mr. J. H. Thornton presided at the harmonium and piano. The meeting which lasted two and a half hours was well sustained and characterised theroughout by order, interest, and ability.

THE REGISTRAR-GENERAL'S REV:MRS.—The death rate of the United Kingdom always goes up during the win- ter. The fogs, cold, and rain that are now in season— even the brisk frosts that are so agreeable to robust people—tell with fatal cffect on the health of those of feebler constitution and lower vitality. The way to be safe in an English winter is to fortify the system against attacks, and 0 meet promptly any little ailments which may set in. Even should bronchitis or other seasonable ills make their appearance,prompt measures may relieve them, as in the case of a gentleman whose letter we re- print. It runs as follows :—" I beg to state that last January,during the heavy frost and severe cold weather, I got an attack of bronchitis, followed by general weak. ness and lassitude. I felt no inclination for my meal 4, and as my age is sixty I really felt that I was approach- ing the end. I tried a box Of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and most.cleci dedly at the end of a week I found an improvement in my health, and, in a fort- night my appetite returned. I returned to my business in a month, and to-day am as strong as ever I was. —J. Conway, Orchard Street, Londonderry." To people of ordinary health Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are the best possible tonic, and they cure paralvsis,loco- motor ataxy, influenza, rheumatisna,Ficiatics, neuralgia, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, and sal- low complexion. Sold by chemists; also by Dr.Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, at 25.9 d. a box ; six boxes 13s. 9d.,post free. A specific for the female sex, and in mer they cure all cases from worry, overwork, or excesses.

It is stated that Jabez Balfour will now be removed from Holloway Gaol to Wormwood Scrubs, to undergo the first portion of his sentence. Albert Arthur Hroadbridg,,e was sentenced to four months' hard labour at the London Sessions on Tuesday for stealing money at a house which he visited in con- nection with his duties as a coronerls officer.

Cocos is more than a. mere stimulating and refreshing drink, it is also a nutritious food: and One Of the most precious gifts of nature—sustaining and invigorating the system probably more than any other beverage. The " Lancet refers to Cadbury's Cocos as " the standard of highest purity at present attainable in regard to cocoa."— Advt.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEY GUILD.

LECTURE ON JOHN WESLEY.

The third lecture of the list arranged by the Bold-street Wesley Guild was given at the Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom, on Mcnday evening, by the Rev. Dinsdale T. Young of Manchester, upon " The father of Methodism, the man himself." There was a very good attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. C. E. Parker, of Penketh.

After being briefly introduced by the Rev. G. D. Mason, the CHAIRMAN said that he was very pleased to be associated with the lectures held in connection with the Wesley Guild. It was a pleasure to be associated with any movement which was intended to awaken into activity the intallectual life and thought of the young people connected with the churches. (Hear, hear.) There were many ways in which they could increase their knowledge, and he did not think that they could do that better than by studying the life and character of John Wesley, who was the subject of the lecture that night, who had done so much for the raising and uplift- ing of the country. He believed that in Mr. Young, they had one who was worthy the subject, and the sub- ject was worthy of him. (Loud applause.) The Rev. DINSDALE T. YOUNG then proceeded with his lecture. He said that Lord Macauley characterised the Methodist revival—for Methodism sprang out of a re- vival—as the most remarkable moral revolution ever witnessed. In order to understand more of the charac- ter of him who providentially led that revolution, they must first of all ask what was the condition of things in this country immediately preceeding that revolution. In other words, in what kind of an England did John Wesley come. There were some people to-day who were forever croaking about "the good old times,"—(Laugh- ter)—but it would be noticed that they never gave them the date of those good old times. When were the good old times? He could not say ; but be could state emphatically that they were not the times of John Wesley. (Laughter, and hear, hear) Wesley was born at Epworth on the 17th June, 1703, during the time of Walpole, when England occupied a very low standard in morality. The chief statesmen were well known to be exceedingly immoral characters ; religion was laughed and scoffed at more especially by the " upper " circles of society ; and the nature of the drama was such as would make any person of to-day blush for shame. The habits of the masses, as well as of the classes, were deplorable in the extreme, corruption, licentiousness, and drunken- ness were familiar objects to all. So bad were the times in fact, that it had been recorded that a certain divine had said that he had only seen one Bible in the whole of Kent, and that was used to prop up a treepot. As to the ecclesiastics of the time,they were to be painted with a black,black brush. A reliable historian had said that "the decay of Dissent and of great Dissenting bodiee went hand in hand with that of the Church." Preaching the gospel was almost at an end ; the clergy were loose in their lives and lax in their doctrines. There was a general decay of religion in the minds of men. Did it not want a revolution to rid the land of these evils and short-comings ? Yes ; and thank God one did occur,the arch-revolutionist being John Wesley himself, the father of Methodism. (Applause.) Of course there were glints of light in the gloom. There was the great literary re- vival which he believed prepared the way in some degree for the great religious revival. But a literary revival was not enough either for individuals or for empires. A renaissance and a revival were not equivalent, and so, following the liter try revival came the most remarkable revolution which changed in a few years, the,whole tem- per of English society. Mr. Young then went on to deal with the father and mother ..)f John Wesley whom he eulogised in glowing language. He said that it was " Epworth and not Oxford which was the cradle of Methodism." (Applause.) After further biogtaphical details, the lecturer said that after taking holy orders, and having been advanced to priest's orders in 1728, he returned to Oxlerd in 1729, and from that time became one of the most historical persons of the English University. His changed course was soon afterwards observable, and the methodical habits of him and some of his colleagues provoked the remark from a sneering young masher of the period that " A new set of Methodists have sprung up." Method- ism then began in the University, and not amongst the low as some persons were fond of asserting. The strict habits of John Wesley and a few of his colleagues pointed to a great course of reform. He soon afterwards went out to Georgia, where he laboured two years as a foreign missionary. He had been said to be unsuccf situ! as a foreign mi-sionary.This was true,but the reason was that be went out an unconverted Ritualist. It could not be said that after he was converted from ritualism he was an unsuccessful missionary. (Applause.) The Lec- turer then proceeded to delineate in detail some of We leading characteristics of the character of John Wesley. He said he was a great scholar,a preacher of wonderful Dower aud popularity, a philosophical theologian, an historical critic, and a tremendous writer. Everyone knew he was a poet of the poets. He was also gifted with considerable humour, whilst at the same time he was one of the most composed of men. His life was one of continual industry ; he had ridden on the average every year some 5,000 miles on horseback, and that be- fore macadam was thought of. He preached two,three, or four times a day. In fact, throughout the 60 years of his ministry he preached on the average sixteen times per week. • Yet he had time for all his other work. (Applause.) His generosity was unbounded, and when he died he did not leave more than £lO besides his books his clothes, a much abused reputation, and the Method- ist Church. (Loud applause.) A vote of thanks to the Lecturer proposed by the Chairman, and seconded by the Rev. G. D. Mason,closed the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ENGLISH POLYGAMIST.

SEVEN YEARS PENAL SERVITUDE.

At the Old Bailey on Wednesday, William Henry Cadman, 54, described as a traveller, who was arrested in Manchester a short time ago on a charge of fraud, was convicted of bigamy. The prisoner's crime was really polygamy, he having gone through the ceremony of marriage with a large number of women, his object in some cases being to obtain possession ef their pro- perty. Correspondence found after his arrest showed that he had been writing to no fewer than twelve women in the capacity of husband. He now tried to villify the character of one of his victims, a proceeding which led the Recorder to pass condemnationin warm and dignified terms upon the "license of counsel." "Why," asked Sir Charles Hall of the prisoner's advocate, " try to visit the shame of their parents on the children in this way ?'' "I am instructed to ask the question," was the reply " I can well understand," retorted Sir Charles, "you being instructed to ask the question, but counsel must exercise a little discretion, and not allow themselves to be made the medium for villainous spite." The prisoner was found guilty, and the Recorder, remarking that this was the grossest case of bigamy that had ever come under his notice, passed the maximum sentence of seven years' penal servitude. The medical profession may be interested to learn that while Cadman was in Strange- ways Gaol the heartless scoundrel gave directiens that " if his end should happen his body should be disposed of to the medical people at Owens College." He was sure they would find something peculiar in respect to his brain, and—strange considerateness for his injured wife and the mother of nine of his children—the bequest would bring his family" a few ppunds."

===== 0002601_18951214_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ATLANTIC LINER IN COLLISION.

The White Star steamer Germanic had just lett the Mersey on Wednesday evening for New York with 120 passengers on board, and was steaming slowly off the Crosby Lightship, when she collided during a thick fog with Messrs. Burns's Glasgow passenger steamer Corn- brae, inward bound, with 30 passengers. The Germanic crashed into the Cumbrae's forecastle, making a hole of twelve or fourteen feet. The White Star steamer stood by the Cumbrae, her bow filling the gap in the latter vessel, until all the passengers and crew had been tran- shipped. She then backed off, and awaited the founder- ing of the Cumbrae. Meanwhile, however, it was thought possible to save the ship's valuables and papers, and a volunteer crew, drawn from both ships, put cff in a boat for that purpose, but before they could reach her she sank. In the fog the boat's crew were unable to find the Germanic, and, being fog-bound, tried to hail Da ss- ing vessels. In this they were successful, the tug Gamecock ultimately taking them on board and con- veying them to Liverpool. The Germanic, which had about twenty feet of her bow plates displaced and twisted, returned to Liverpool with her own and the Cumbrae's passengers.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP BUILDING DISPUTE.

It had been expected than an agreement would have been reached in the shipbuilding trade dispute by the joint conference sitting in Glasgow on Wednesday ; but the official report states that desired consummation was not reached. According to the report, the Belfast engi- neers offered to accept an immediate advance sf one shil- ling per week, with the definite promise of another simi- lar advance in April, no aFeration thereafter in wages to take place for four months. The Clyde engineers offered to accept an immediate advance of one farthing per hour in April to all in receipt of 71d. or less per hour the Belfast conditions also applying. The terms were declined by the employm's. who in return offered the Belfast men an advance of one shillitfg a week to com- mence in February and to remain undisturbed for six months,and the Clyde men an immediate advance of 1. per hour to apply to all operatives not receiving less than 7d. per hour, and a further addition in February of one farthing all round. The operatives' representatives de- clined to recommend these terms for acceptance, but agreed to submit the offers for decision by ballot of the operatives. The conference was adjourned until after the decision of the operatives had been arrived at. It is believed that the ballot will result favourably to a settle- ment.

Major Sandbach, of the Royal Artillery, who went out to Shoot " big game" in Somaliland, has died from terrible injuries received in an encounter with a lioness.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETEL

ANCIENT ORDER OF' RECRABITES. —An entertainment was given in the Wesleyan Schools, Penketh, on Friday eveningweek by Bro. Past High Chief Ruler Diamond, of Southport, and a number of Rechabite friends from Warrington, Bro. Hall in the chair. There was a good attendance of members of the local lodge, Sir Wilfrid, and friends. The Chairman said that about three years ago a movement was made to establish a tent in the village, and he was pleased to say it had been brought to a successful issue. 'fhey opened the tent with seven members,and now they had 24, which showed a steady increase. He hoped they would go on increasing in numbers, and do whatever they could to advocate the principles of total abstinence. A very interesting pro- gramme of vocal and instrumental music was then gone through by Miss Ada Holt, Miss Warburton,Miss Gallop, Mr. Kilduff, Mr. Whittington, and Mr. Toddings. Bro. Diamond told a number ef amusing anecdotes relating to intemperance, and impressed upon all present to do what they could to assist in the good work of reforma- tion. Bros. Hall and Lewis also spoke. RAILWAY ACCIDENT AT FIDDLERS' FERRY.—OR Monday evening, between five and six o'clock, an accident oc- curred at the Fiddler's Ferry goods siding, on the Lon- don and North-Western Railway. A goods train wag being shunted when a wagon got off the metals and fell over on its side, fouling the main line for several hours, and doing damage to the permanent way. The traffic had to be passed through on a single line between Car- ter's House Junction, Widnes, and Sankey Bridges.

At the Leeds Ass.zes on —Monday Patrick Morley, a labourer, who was convicted of the murder of his wife at Batley on September 22 last by shooting her with a revolver, was sentenced to death. The Australian Eleven will appear at Old Trafford in the first of the three " representative " matches on June 25, end on the same famous ground against the North of England. Another match will also he played against the Lancashire Eleven. The Colonials will appear at Sheffield on Whit-Monday.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGII —Soreness and Drynes tickling and irritation, inducing cmgh and affecting. the voice. For these symptoms use Epps's Glyn rice Jujubes In contact with the glands at the moment tbey are excited by the act of sucki•ig, the Gycerine in these agreeable con fections becomes actively healing. Sold only in boxes, 70., tins Is. lid., labelled "JAMES Rees & Co., L,d., Homceo- pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Nose and Throat Diseases," says: "The Glyc Tine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubled service as a curative or palliative agent while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat Ind Ear Infirmary, writes : "Alter an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."—Advt.

RUPTURE.—lmportant Notice—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Spe7li.list, still remains at 'ha old address —His oily address in London—namely, 64 Chin •Pry Lane, W.C. Send for his new book of full information M. post free.—Adt.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; hid. guide and Catalogue 259 pages) Sti TOD 4CCONIBTS'OUTFITTING CO.-186, Huston- mad, London. (Mgr), Hr. MrEas.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
'XMAS FOR 1/3.

A lIAP.Y THOUGHT HAS JUST STRUCK US that we should like to make the readers tI Warrington "Examiner" a special parcel of Art Novelties, so on receipt of Is. 3d. Postal Order or 16 Stamps and your name and full address and the words "Warrington 'Examiner' GRAND AUTO- MATIC CHRISTMAS PARCEL" plainly written on a piece of paper, we will send post free per return "ON APPRO- VAL," all the following without doubt. the "IDEAL C ARDS OF THE SEASON OF 1893. a selection bound to suit sufficient to tort to friends, and to stand on the mantel piece to make the home bright for 'Xmas, 1895 " THERE IS NO DOUBT ABOUT IT," the first 3 cards are worth the small amount charged for the whole parcel, and note, we send all parcels on approval Have one sent to look at; if you like it, keep it; if not, return it and we will return your money in full by next post. ll Cards hare go d and seasonable Wishes, and some have Verses, too. A LAUGAABLE NEW AUTOMATIC FROSTED CARD OF DEAR OLD F THER CilitIsTMAS driving through the snow a Donkey and Sledge, full of 'Xm s Presents, A WONDERFUL MECHANICAL WORK OF ART, for when stood up, without any winditig with a key. Father 'Xmas's right arm and hand with whip in it move naturally up and down, as if Father 'Xmas is anxious for the donkey to jog along, to be in good time with the "XMAS PRESENTS FOR ALL," Father 'Xmas, Do ikey, Harness, Sledge, Snow,-etc., are all wonderfully art tinted and the FROSTED SNOW ALL SPARKLES IN THE LIGHT. It conveys a good 'Xmas Wish, and is honestly worth 6d., the price it would sell at singly in the usual retail way, but we give wholesale value to all. ANOTHER MOST LAUGHABLE AUTOMATIC or SELF- WORKING CARD represents THE "TOURIST CROCO- DILES." Mr. Crocodile is seen with black high hat on with red band, eve-glass, and field-glasses swung over 'is shoulder.' and is arm-in arm with Mrs. Crocolle, who ha a dainty hat on, ribbon and locket round her neck, end in her hand a tans When stood up (without any winding with a key) they both bow up and down In a laughable manner, value 6d. A choice 3-fold Card, the edges r pretenttng snow and icicles. rettv snow scene and robins on the wing. value 6d. A lovely gilt and art tinted bordered Card (folded) with pret. y pink flowers on trellis work, value 6d. A choice fancy ed •e folding card with pretty pansies and '• JEW SLLED " Wish; 6d. Another new 3-fold Card, with eat-out daises tied with blue ribbon, and a pretty scene showing pretty birds on a fence; 6d. A good Snow Scede folding Card, houses, etc., covered In Snow by moonlight ; 6d. A pretty favourite Cord of the Interiorof a Church, and a pretty boy and girl 4d. A choice folding Card, on the front are p etty pink and gilt flowers, and inside is a prett view of a hout,e. etc , at the water's edge ; 6d. An ingenious Card with pre ty cardina' silk cord and tassels a each si its and when the c-ird is twitte I round by the-e taste's, a 'Xrms pudding comes on t t the empty dish and the bt rryless mistletoe becomes covered wit berries; 3d. A pretty faacy shsped card of" SPANKLING JEWELLED" Flower, pretty birds and lattice-work ; 3d, A pretty floral, Pordered double card wi'h •J KW HUED WISH in the centre ; value 3d. Besides all the above, every parcel contains five more good cards, forming the best parcel of the season.

An illustraled Xmas Catalogue of " Very Special Offers" In every parcel. Our motto Is—'• A BIG TRADE, NOT •A BIG PROFIT." Established 1889. TEA OEB3I ES, AGENTS,. and SrIOPKEEPENS of all kinds, send 5s or 9s for our Noted Trade Parcels of Xmas Card, on approval, or write for Trade List. We guarantee to bend the best value in the market. Address: MESSR •. PAIN BRUME PUB-

- -- USHERS AND WHOLESALR "ART T dADERS." HASTINGS.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
‘&hto

GIVB HASH AND CO 'irt),l.T DURING TEED-SING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient tor Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value or yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 21. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from bole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. utu,NilST, CHEADLE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE!S_ _CHLORODYNE.

INVALIJABLII: FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives itistant relief in Corisumption Diarrhom, &e. Towle's Cholorodyne. L/rl, for 24 doses.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKE NO OTHER.

0 C K AT 0 0 , )4Htt-INS- OAP\

"The most marvellous rnoan of the ageTfor Laundry. Bath. Toilet. Disinfects rapidly. Antiseptic. Non-Injurious, washes wilhOut rubhing or labour. Say.- s bluein 2ures Ithe.imatism Refreshes the Skin. Whoh,sale Ag.nts in WArringlon N.B. PBRCIVAL and Co. Sole MaKer, F. L. BARTBLZ Keynsham, Bristol."

===== 0002601_18951214_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
'What'll she like best?'

" I'Want to give hers Line tr,at for Chri-tmas or New Year Dale and I wonder whit she will lice.'" This happy and good-nnwred wish is inn multitud& of generous minds, just now. Well, we know ene dearly loves a little caddy of Brooke Bond's Delicious Teas.

and we can assure you that for only a very few shill- ings spent cheerfully rot one of BR 0,,E• B"Ds. CELEBRATED CHRISTMAS C•NISTERS, y;u will give her the greatest treat and gratify her better than any other way. . So. just go. now, before you forget it. to any one of OUR THOTIdANDS OF AGENTS an I order one of the fol- lowing to be Bent on Christmas Eve or tor New 1 car's- Day. Then you w ill realae what a god kind deed you've done, and you'll deserve the good luck it wilt bring yon. 30b. CANISTER OF mow A- miRABLE TEL. 55. 3 „ 99 MOST DESIRABLE ~ 6s. 3 OP o MOST SUMPTUOUS „ 78, 61b. „ MOST ADMIRABLE „ 10.. 6 ~ MOST 1)E-IliABLE l2s. 6 „ •• MOST SUMPTUOUS „ .14. carriage-paid by ns on Slbs and ,pwards, by rail 1) uvels, or post, to any address in the Kingdom. Any of our e •Irh.Ar d feas .4 anv of the well- known prices : Is.. Is 24.. is 44., Is. 81. 2g.. 9.5. 44. and 2s. 8.1. a th., paeked by us in all-ts ze t canisters, and boxes, are most taizil'w tppreciat,e.i

CHRISTMAS G I FTS.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
5110010,, BOND & CO„ LTD.

THE LAN CA 11IIIE TEA WARE,IOLTSI 17, PICCADILLY, 29, MARKET STRLET IM thit.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht Orainintr " gtatts

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. corning under tbe following lima ire inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ON DELA.ROE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIP W AIN- ED, AFARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, PECLIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MINCELLANE; ;NE WANTS, HOMES AND OTHER PREMISES '.70 BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 ii Od ... 2s 8d ... 4s Od 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
illomeatt OptrbantO, &I.

WANTED, a GENERAL. character required.—Apply GREENIILLGHGBOVE,SC.9. Rochdale-road, klanchester. STRONG GIRL Wanted for housework about 15. Good home for good girl.-44, PHILIPS PAIZ-110AD, Des- wiok, hlanchaster.

WANTED, good GIENRRA.LS,suited at once.—Apply Mrs JonicsoN. Shropshire Rekistry Office, 153, Great Dueie-st., Strangeways.

WANTED good GREERA T., able to wash, two in family Good h one.—Apply PENDLEBURY, 92. Embden-st.. liulme, Manchester.

SERVANTS with good reference WAInThD, for aa kinds o situations; good wages; no charge till suited.—REGIS- TRY, frl, Church st ,Fgremont.

COOK GENICRAL Want,cl by December 30th. at Eccles and Patricroft Hospital, Patricrcit, Blanchester. Wages £l6 and part unitorm.—Apply MATRON.

WiTNInD, strong General SithVANT (family 3), good wages, references.—Mrs. FA FLNDALE, 7, Brudenell Grove. Royal P.rk-road, Leeds.

WANTED, at once. good GENERAL, about 18.—Mr9. VVRITAREAD, 16, Harehills-read, Roundhay-road, Leeds.

Als LL CLASsb uperior Servants requiring reliable SITUATIONS for New Yesr should write, Mrs. REA VS Select Registry, Rusholme, Manchester.

S ITUATIONS VACANT all parts, either ex;s state re- quirement, envelope reply.—W. Rusrox, Dell h Mount, Leeds. kublio Bxaminer advts. No registry office. x

ivANTED, an exnerietced NURSE, age 25, willing to do a little light housework. Aiso a thorough GIASERAL. —Address HaatSTEAD, Chor irdy, Manchester.

CIOMFORTABLE HOME for middle-aged Woman Pa COOK GENERAL, whete boy is kept; only two in family.—For particulars apply Mrs. MANToN, South Parade. Wakefield.

WANTED, good plain COOK. Protestant, good references. —Apply stating it,ge, wages, full particulars, &c.—MrB. BIRCH, S. Z•aviones Rectory, Manch. sten

GENERAL WANTICD. strong, active, good character, age about 29.—Mrs TAYLOR. St. Mary's Vicarage, Lower lace, near Wigan.

Yn &norknsßanitdV Artrelint()Ph':Jsße'veArGalliPlaei teNnuT.Se,ml3iduartodrrenn: gaged, wishing to live together, two ale ready for situations a& once.

COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, PARLOUR-MAIDS. and superior GENERALS may De suited immediately. Miss HUDSON'S Registry, Irlam-street, Warrington. References required.

yIALE and FEMALE NURSES lENTITUTION, 70, Itope street. Live..pool.—Establ shed ,878.--For reliable tendants ent al, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr ph.—"D•urses," I iverpool. 9 elephone 570

rElanttb.

AOBATS WABIRD to push first-class Mqebinery Oils. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Yost Office, Liverpool.

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Mixt°

Chorley.

AGEN rs WANTED eyerysvhere, salary LT monthly and commission ; samples free.—FULLER, 9, Idorace-rod, 11.. Forest Gate. London.

SHORIN SMITIIS,voung man lIRQUTRES SITUATION, G good doorman. abstainer.—B. EVANS, 5, Airdnle-road, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

V OUNG MAN WANTED. Ms per wrek and coin mission. Regular work, splendid opening. Address COM 0 WORKS, Farnworth, Bolton, Lanes.

BUSINESS WANTBD.—Wantesl Swan Public Inn or Bier House, must bear investlgition.—A. 11 EWITT, 15, Valetta Grove. Plaistow, London E.

PBACCoNISTS ...ocumencing; 111'd, Guide and Catalogn' 1 (259 pages) 3d.—Tozsocosusra' OUTFITTING Co., 186 linstnn-rosA London. het. 1866 ; Mrneger, Hr. telThsts.

IBMALCOMMIS.titON offered to Persons with Influence amongst users of fi st-class Machinery Oils.—Address OIL, W. H. SMITH AlkID Sox. Advertising Agents, Man- chester.

CIA.INVASSEIR for various towns.—Christinn Girl recn. mendel, persevering and respectable. to Sell Religious MK:tains from house to home.—Apply by letter, N. UPPER STANHOPE-STREEr, Liverpool.

PosTAGH STAMPS.—WANTED to purchase au old col- lection ef loose varieties, high prices paid ,• duplicate also for sale or exchange.--UpwARD W. DEWEY, Westhohne Hesse. Yorks.

riIEA TEA.! t TEA II! WANTED, re.ponsible AGENTS _I. to push the celebrate KEYSTONE FBA, in town an.l eountrv.—Apply PLANTER. 67 Brook-at., Kennington, London, S.E.

AGBNTS WANTBD throughout the United Kingdom to sell an article in daily demand ; salary a monthly and commission; samples free—Address FULLER, 9 Horace- road. Forest Gate. London.

'• A GHNTS WANIItD everywhere, to sell mtlike 'lea at 2s.per Ih. sold oniy hi tole. Sample Lb. tin, post free for 2s —MARTIN W ALLIS, and Co., 14, S. Mary Axe, • London, E.C.

Q FIXATION WANTED.—Wanted MANAGTIMENT yf COFFBB TAVBRN or CLUB by MARRIFD COUPLII, well up in every branch (or would rent). one let-down or closed prtferred.--I. H. HARDING, 56, Russell-street, Yark- • toed, Pltbistow, London B.

Alp ANTED, a feyremart Men a tinque tv stionable char.ter V and ability, for a leading info ntial Life Assurance Office. To men who can show a good record. will be liberally dealt witb.—apply by letter, enclosing copy of testimonials (which will be tivatei s confidential), " District Manager,' Migutield, Radcliffe. Manchester.

MADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEDI ALE mixTußs. The most pocerfol and effective on eartk. For the Most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s. 6d. (Strongest Its bottle). Post tree 61. extra. lIFRBAL INSTITUTE. le. HACKNEY-ROAD, (foci, g. Shoreditch Cburch). LONDON, N.H. Send at once stempel lirected envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forteit .£lO3 for every testimonial that la not genuine,and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to foiward full particulars (on re,eipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for alt forms ef Irregularities, no matter Low caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostratien what, ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 27, Gaisford-street, London. N.V9 A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

===== 0002601_18951214_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAF HEAR.

Deafness. Head Noises, and an other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AXILALINE ESSENCE" alter all else has fAiled he most marvellous medie,l discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts lik- a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers Why rema'n deaf when a cure awaits you Post free, as. d. per Bottle.- THB MACKEY REMEDY CO APA.NY, 104, High Holborn. Loudon.—Beware of injuri- ous instrumi-nta and other appliances.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
tioultrp, &r,

-HOLDRN'S ItOUP PILLS ew e Diseaie in Poultry, ts Pheasan, and Pigew,s ; pest free, 9, 15, or 21 stamps. No advertising Cram.— ROLDP:N. Chemist, B irnsiey,

INOttCA ‘OCKERIILS at RICHARD BATHBONWS. 1. Stockton Heath, all prize strain birds trona Butterfield/I. Hopkins and Hunters, good birds. insoectior. Irvibe.l

sa'e grand P;ymou Itook. lityn ju wyandotte and Hoick Minorca Coektrets and Pullets bred from winners at all leading shows. from es. 6i. Ponies, 7a. 63. Cockerels, cash with order.—WRITTOGUAX, hardy Cottage, Poultry Farm, Bootle, Liverpool.

jlottls, IMbrofS, lioartung Ciaabg.

-niTttcm,r()N, 117, Marine Parade.. Visitors will Ilnd -rest, eomhwt, and pleasant society in this be.tutltul house fae;ng the sea.—Address Sum QOUTHPORT. SUNNYSIDM RYDRO-Phys.. Dr. kJ BARNAR'OI), desirable Winter ResqieTi3e, ants of the handsomest b &dings, centrally situated. replete wltti every comfort, tine ,ea view, n3ar park. pier, trams, and golf links. Tarkish, Va .our and other Baths. Massue, Galvanism. Terms frOm wo guineas. J. 130000 CK, Proprietor. _

LLANDUDISO.—WhST BP.D OAWING ESTABLISH- ; recently enlarged; highly recommended tor cleanliro,s good management, moderate charses, home corn- for a; e,armim: situation; view of s, close to beach, peed on, pier, golt links; liberal tatile ; fine dining, drawing, nd smoke rooms; no extras.—T. TEPHCOTT, pro-

LONDON.

WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE IfILL, ALSO AT - -

- • 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUAR.g. Ho= COILPORTS, C LEAS LEM ESS A 11) Q LET. GETS RAL 70ft BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

iftiztellantotts.

BDRABS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Pintail &C.-TCHABLEs R. HALL, 53 Paradise-at., Liverpool.

JIVER PILLS. A late eminent physician's prescrip- tion sent for 7d.— B. BRETT, 40 Grosvenor Park,London 8.8.

POTATORS, good, 2s, 64. cwt.; ditto extra selected 35., on rail ; cash with order.—WARELL.I. Lofts Fsrm, Near Maldon. Essex.

PURE CEYLON TEA, original packages. taken for debt; cost 2s. Bd., any quantity Is. lid, per lb.; sample 3d.— WARD, Fowler-et., Hillsbro, Yorks

BCIPB for Finest Cough Mixture discovered. sent for Is. Fills ten is. lid. size betties for 6d.—Bnatexatt AND Co., Battenhall. Worcester.

QBLECTIM DESSERT APPLES, ss. 6cl. 4501b5., large 6.7 cooking Vs.; large stewing pears 33. 30Ibs. • satist ac- tion everywhere—DßEW. Chaxnill, Newnham, Gos. x

(ARCHIDS, cheap, weil grown. Coelogyne Cristata, pushing flower spikes and other showy sinds.—Apply HEAD GARDENER, SpetChley, Bitterne, Souttutnapton.

O N SALE,MANURR WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HersKING, 16, Fenwink-street, Liverpool.

UOR SALE, 5 HO USLS ,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War 1. rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, So!leitor, Union-it., Warrington.

TlLES.—Boddy's Patent Ointment Cures all outward Piles 1. in 2 or 3 days. Post free,with testimonials 13.2 d., only one trial solicited.—W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks. x

===== 0002601_18951214_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
p—rfetoi.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.

TT MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. W.C. Cheapest House in London for &niglish and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouldings, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. C. Wholesale Carver end Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book. just pub- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs, for six penny stamps' Glass Lists Fret monthly. Telegrams, 'HADBITICIN London."

O N SALE, 400 WATER CASKS, 200 to 250 gallons each.— Jo itx HOWORTH, cask dealer, 20, Lewis-st., Nelsoa-st., Rochdale-road, Manchester,

LINGRAVING on Gold, Silver, Ivory, Ste., name or initials XI 6d., with address Is. Brass plates for all purposes.— COWEN, 50, Sir Thomas-st., Whiteehapel, Liverpool.

JRON TANK, 18ft. 51n. by 51t. 41n. by sft. 61n., In 25 seg- ments, in good condition; owners having no further need of it.—On view at ELLues, 29, Seel-street, Liverpool.

A STROLOGY.—Your horoscope forecast. Send name in LX full, elat4 of birth, and N.—Address Palm RENWICK, Wol•eley Bridge, Stafford. Mention this paper.

MONTHLY. GIVBN MIMI. Dress Lengths, 10. !be- aten° btarch Gloss; makes linen like'aidne. LABORATORY, Fairfield, Manchester. BAD DEBTS. -A very successful form for collecting bad debts 6 stamps, or exchange Is. genuine.—EDWAßD PALMER. Hygl. talc Bakery. Brandon, Suffolk.

5,, BANKRTS round. very strong handles, 18. 6d. each, V 2 feet across. 1 foot deep; fish cans same size is. each, Gold Fish Is., 25., 48 dozen Plants Snails. &c., tins 6d. T. AVANN. 49, West Derby-road, Liverpool. Agents wanted.

O DAlRYMBN,Greengrocers. andothers.—Good HOUSE. I. Large Shop. good dry cellar, quantity of fittings, 5. Beaumont-it., Liverpool. Good business neighbourhood, no goodwill. rent £26 and taxes.—Apply J. HATFIELD, 6, Spofforth-road, Liverpool.

pENKSTH.—TO LET. SHOP and HOUSB.—Apply Jamas MILLINGTON, Heath-ma.

PBUSONS WANTING HOUSICd, SHOPS dc., in Black pool should write.—WILLIAM RAWSON. 15, Foxnal Square. Blackpool.

LUT or SOLD. bALLAM-LA.NU FOUNDI

-W- A- 1111- G N-, -a-s -a g p-r e s -t e- a 10-r he manufacture of Fire Grates. Ranges, Sic. Stock and patterns at valuation ; rallw.ty idlii in works.—ApplyiNir, ROBERT Lowu. Estate Agent, Warrington, T. No. 55.

910 LVIT.—Oood WORKSHOP, Orford-It.—Apply ASIITO 1_ and Wooos, Solicitors, Horsemark et-et., Warrington.

910 LBT.—Good HOUSE, 37, Hopwood-street, 3 bedooorns J. Apply ASHTON and WOODS, solicitor, Horsemarket-st. Warrington.

QTOCKTON HIATIL-11Juses composed 01 tour bedrooms kJ two sitting-rooms, bath-room, w.c., kitchen, cellars, etc Rent £l9 10s. Also good bays at be. per week.—DosTocs, Wlderspool, Warrington.

iflatrimottp.

ATRIM ONY.—.A correct Photo of your futureor Wife, with-future prospects, 13 stamps and stamp directed envelope.—Send age, sex, and. If possible, time ot birth, to FRIID linanaßT. High-street, Whltstalge, Kent.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
fficittp.

Vubliratfono.

11 WOMEN.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S o ORIGINAL AND OHLBRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES.

THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT.

For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains. and Rheumatism, Pries 2s. 6d , 3s. 6d., and 7s. per b•ttle. THE RED DRENCH.

For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 38.6 d. per dozen (Bwes),l3B, per dozen (Cow.).

THE GASEOUS FLUID Cores Prostrated Cows and Bwes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhoea. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appeti,e, Price Is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per dozen. THE GASEODYNE,

Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhces. and Influenzs. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung DisorderS. Price 38, ed. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 108. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Bearing of Calves and" Lambing aud Calving Disordece," gratis and poat free.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUC VICES and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single case has It ever failed--even in the m )st longstanding, intricate, end lingering cases. Post free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure 6s. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. B. MACKENZIE. Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

QUPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by all the 1,7 noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions, hotels, offices, private houses of every description, and which undergo a thorough examination and ate placed in condition equal to new. I may here remark that the stock I offer is consideratiy larger than at any other house in the city, and is not being placed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am pleased to state that in consequence of [h.- great ,ncrease in my trade, and the large number of orders I have to deliver every week, I find it ab- solutely necessary and therefore decided to make extensive alterations which will incur an outlay of some hundreds of pounds. And have arranged with the Jontractors to clear the showrooms previous to the workmen Commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I have decided to give my cus- tomers the benefit of she enormous reductions rather than store the stock, which embraces furniture of every descrip- tion : in fact, such a.. assortment of bedroom suites, dining- room sui,,es, drawing-room suites, office furniture, bookcases, deshs, sideboards. dinner waggons. cabinets, overrnantels, davenports, card, work and fancy tables, carpets, rugs, bed- steads, bedding, fen er, pianos, and every article for com- pletely furbishing th, mansion or cottage. Can nowhere be seen except at OhliStiON'S Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldliam-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed, which will consist 01

NEW OFFICES, NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employes,

NEW REFRESHMENT-ROOM for convenience of customers NEW CARPET SALOON, NEW SHOWRODMS ;

And other internal APerations, all local and outside shops will sink to insignificance.

rtIHE following will convey but a faint flea of the vellous Bargains on v ew, any of which may be stored free of charge till requirpd. TEEMS • F BUSINESS DURING THE SALE,

GOODS EXCHANGhD IF NOT SATISFACTOKY. EXPERIENCED MEN SENT TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE. CARPETS MADE FREE. LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS FOIL CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS. _ . _

And. lastly, if you purel;;;;on ; Deferred Payment System I Charge a Simple rive per Cent Extia. Every custom( r attended to by a member of the firm, which prevents the anw yance of a salesman who charges high prices In order to make a big commission. Bankers—Manchester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Univer:al," Manchester.

DTIRING the Sale, Magnificent Solid Oak DINING- ROOM SUITE, comprising a grand couch, two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back chairs, all in splendid condition, not soled; originally cost £55, sale price 9gs. Grand Sidebo4rd to match, 7gs., worth £4O; Dining Table to match. 635.

In addition to above, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, over 200, with Sideboards, Dining Tables, and Uvermantels to match. An inspection will prove the fact that nowhere can such an assortment be seen except at GSRSHON'S, the Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street, next to the Adelphl Bank, Man- chester.

Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment system for a simwle five percent extra added to invoice, SPECIAL ATTENTIoN to Lot 166, which is In Pollard Oak and without a doubt the best and handsomest lot in Man.the•ter. The Sidebo.ird, which is Vt. long and very lofty, can only be desctibed as simply magnificent and the most unique in design we have ever seen. The Suito of 12 small Chairs (may be had with a less number), two large Lounge Chairs, and large Couch, are all stuffed„with hair and covered in morocco leather, guaranteed. The Dining-table, on carved supports, is very hindsorne, haying a number of loose leaves. We offer th, lot for 145 gs. ; cost over £4OO. We may state that sgs. each will be allowed for any of the small chairs not required. We wish to impress upon the public that every lot advertised is on our premises and hundreds of others. Remember address, GERSHON'S Old-established Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester.

No the deterred payment system only five per cent, extra added to invoice.

T OT 237 is in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. consisting of half-dozen small chairs, two easy chairs, and couch; irice £25, retuced for the sale to £9 155.. Side- board to match, with bevelled-glass back, a perfect beauty; sale price, £6 155.. usual price 12gs. Dining Table, 38s. 6d. Three other Suites in Saddle Bags, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, most charming and pleasing ; the wood work in these suites is American walnut, brown oak, and mahogany, and the prices are 18, 25, and 36gs. ; they each cost ±l.O. £l5, and £25 a suite more. Sideboards. Tables, and Overmantels to match, all on view in our showrooms. Hundreds of other Suites on view. Call and Inspect for yourselves ; you will not be un- duly pressed to buy. We have no salesmea or walking gen- tlemen who work for a commission. Every customer is attended to by a member of tha firm at GERSHON'S Univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to Adelphi Bank), Manchester. -

Noe.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent. extra added to invoice.

0T9718 a Chnrming DINING-ROOMSUITE, in embossed .1 leather, very handsome end stylish, frame work beauti- fully carved; the six stmdard chairs have padded backs, the two easy chairs are large and comtortable, and the couch is most luxuriously upholstered. This suite !sin solid American walnutwood and is suitab.e for high-class dining-room. Usual price, 25gs. ; sale price. lsgs. Another Suite, in Solid Mahogany. in good hard grain leather. Cromwellian style ; sound in every respect; not soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness ; only 9gs. Another in Walnut. covered In leather, reduced to sgs. Sideboard, to match. 42,. ; table, 21s. These bargains are on offer during the sale and before alterations are commenced. Inspection invited.

SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. MUST CLEAR PREVIOUS TO ALTERATIONS. LOT 51 18 a BEDROOM SUITE. Those wishing to furnish a bedroom in high-class style and good taste should Inspect it, for style, workmanship, and design it cannot tte equalled, the massive large size wardrobe with two bevelled glass doort of rare brilliancy reaching from plinth to cornice; the full-size pedestal dressing table, double washstand to match, pedestal bedside cupboard, towel fairer, and three chairs, the whole are in rosewood, richly inlaid with tulip, box, olive, and other rare woods. The cost of this noble Suite was £lOO. sale price 55gs. Another Suite In walnut cost £125 for 60gs ,end another in Spanish mahogany cost £55 for 27gs. Special attention is requested to Lots 6,7, 8 and 9, which are Suites in walnut, silver birch, mahogany, and ash, each Suite bass large wardrobe, with bevelled glass door: dressing table with large bevelled glass attached, supported by carved brackets restingon raised jewel drawers; it also forms a chest of drawers, being enclosed by four drawers: the I trge wash stand is also enclosed, and he • a marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving glass above, towel rail, pedestal bedside cupboard, and three chairs. These suite are guaranteed solid, no veneer being used. Sale price, 15Ig8. Other sniffs smaller from £4 15s, Inspection invited. Any of the above may be stored free of charge till required. GERSHON'S NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDIIAM STREET (Next to Adelphi Bank); MANCHESTER.

Nate.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 per cent. extra added to invo!ce.

MUST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such a chance seldom occurs.

STUPENDOUS BARGAINS'

We now enter the Miscellaneous Department. Here we can inspect a splendid assortment of second-band hair-seated Furniture. A first class solid mahogany sofa 50s„ cost per- haps £6 ; another less in size 38s. Spanish Mahogany couch. in hair seating, 475. ; ditto 635.. cost £6. Very fine solid Spanish mahogany sofa, very heavy and massive, bean re- upholstere I, cost when new £B. for four guineas. Others in American leather from 16s. Now we see over 50 pairs of easy chairs in stock. Several gents' easy chairs at 15s. each, mahogany easy chair. in hair. for 285.. cost 60s. Superior pair of romwell easy chairs, large and massive, cost £B. for four guineas the pair. Nothing better can be made. Lady's rocking chair, in hair, 283. A very large quantity ot hal:- seated chairs from ss.caela to Ms. each. Au enormous stock of kitchen furniture is here displayed at marvellously low prices. For an instance. strong kitchen chairs 2s. each,kitchen tables frtm 6s. 6d. each ; grand Spanish mahogany, dresser, with high carved back, cost £l4, for 6 guineas ; another, coat £ll, for 5 guineas ; painted dresser, with thick top, 28s. ; another, very handsome high back, 600. ; and others at all prices at GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-ST

. . MANCITHSTHR. (Neat to the Adelphi Bank.)

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH DON'T MISS /T. Marvellous Complete House ef Furniture for 24 guineas, or Five per Cent. Extra on my Deferred Payment System. CALL AND SHE IT. All Competitors stagger. Head it. See it.

NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture, which includes dining-room, bedroom, kitchen, all bedding, blankets, sheets, pillow-cases carpets, floorc'oths, fenders. tea and breakfast set curtains, and everything to makes nice home. Every article is guaranteed Others advertised a so-called homse of furniture tor a trifle less, I contend this lot is hone. tly worth £lO more than those advertised by others. My price for the complete house is 24 guineas, or five per cent extra for credit—which means 258. more. You need not be afreld to call and inspect them. If they are not what you want, don't purchass.

GERSHON, next to the ADELPHI BANK, 44, OLDHAM-STREET.

BE CAREFWL

SECOND-AAND FURNITURE is being advertised, and COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BRING SOLD. GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE.

TO COUNTRY UUSTOMERS.--I CONTINUE TO PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. FURNITURE TAHRN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASED.

NI ATk ADDDISSB— UNIVERSAL FURNISHING AR- CADB is next to the Adelphl Bank. 44, OLDHAM-81MM, MANCHESTER.

fatabinern, Su., on

FOR SALE, Baker's patent MANGLE, in good conditfon ; no reasonable offer refused.—Apply 2, PITT-STREET, Chester.

eDurdiltdi.

NORTH WALES.— wELS H POOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL; splendid situation ; home comforts ; IoW fees ; most successful in exams.—Apply H EAD itesTEß.

GOVERNESS for Matriculation, Locals, RAM., R C.M.2 le• Kind PUPIL IV AN t ED.—Preparation home, moderate premium.—BErs, Elm Villa, taPlegr"e' Ziunton.

Apply to PRINCIPAL.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. ---..'•-----

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. ---..,-

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FICBIALR COMPLAISTS M-IRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widovie Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated MediCll2 from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints bas obtained for it a most extensive and increasing damand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION..--To be careful that what they purchise is prepared by Mrs. Smithersi: RECIPE. The genuine am wrapped lu Blue Paper. who is the only person in possession of the Oftrerts _ on the Outside label by Mn. Smithey, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents." W. EIMATIDS / 8", 157. Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are VI: gr•ved on the Government Stamp. Sold in ta.xes at 25. to' each, by most Chemists. and signed

===== 0002601_18951214_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Antlecs bp qualm.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Ettprtes, tacAtnrues, earrtags, m

Aiusital 3nstruments.

Eibt:*torit, Su.

IN SALE. Light Cart HORSE, 16 bands, five yesrs ; good in all gears : free from vice.—SBRIEVES, Park side Farm. Afobberley, Knut3ford.

r 0 BE SOLD, cheap, COB, warranted a good worker; also small Stiff CAUL a bargain.-17, CROBFIELD-BOAD, Edgehill, Liverpool.

13OULTRY and PIGUON PENS for Sale or hie: also 1 tarpaulins, rick covers, marquees, tents, Rags, stields,— JONATHAN JONES, Swansea. X

iitttilt 1?0u5c5, 33rerboti5c5, Szt.

IVEAR. LIME-STRIIRT.-01d-estabiished Free SPIRIT 1.1 VAULTS. Floing fair trade. Rental24s. Ingoing £5O. —H. C. ANDISELTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_18951214_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
p LIFE

Mc DOUG A LL'S PATENT SELFR A ISING FLOUR 31""BET PASTRY'

THE VXAMINETI SATM AY. DECEMBER 14. 18D5.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Iv wan

T IVPNG

Such was the subject of a celebrated sermon preached in Idanahester,but the more practical problem of the day is how to make life worth living on earth. One of the important tri- butaries of the river of happiness is the possession of a com- fortable home. A home mace bright and cheerful not only by the kind and loving dispositions of those living there. but 'made attractive by the good taste displayed in the furnishing. Furnishing is a very important factor in the matter of con- tinued self-sat isfactiou. So much jerry new London furniture is being now retailed by drapers that one needs to pause be- fore rushing impetuously into the first draper's because of a .cheap rd ticket. High-class makers, such as Lamb,Gillows, and Garnett,still exist, to whom the wealthy can still go with a long purse but to most people this would be a too expensive expe. iment. Again the aver.ige man nowadays has a strong liking for a bargain; anything obtainable at about half or quarter the cost has a strong Isscination f r him. Is it possi- ble to obtain such an advantage in furnishing ? Yes, and more than possible, it is an absolute fact. We cannot do "better than recommend a visit to MR. WORSLRY'S FUR- NISHING- PANTHEON, GAITHOLIN, lIA.NCHRSTRIt.

ITHE Successful Establishment of any of the large ware- houses of Manchester is always of interest to the 'citizens. One of the most bcilliant examples o' the value of pet.:everance, enterp, se, and tact is the now busy hive of Industry so well known a, The Pantheon, which occupies such a prominent position In Gavthorn, near the C,mtral Station, Mrache,ter The building is a massive pile of modern design, 150 feet lung, six storeys high, with show- room ttecommoduion covering an are% of ovtr one million square f et. The plate-glass windows are each 12 feet square, eh square if b:oken costing nearly £3O to replace. '1 en of these immense show windows lot ma portion of the frontage. This will give a faint idea of "The Pantheon " in outward 'appeal mice, but ah I—here pen fails altegei her in attempting to do justice to anything like an adequate description of the interior. "The Pantheon" was speei Hy built to give the largest and most colvenient floor space for showrooms, and .cc st £28,0C), the floors specially construct el to carry enormous weight. To-day it stands as one rt the smartest tisrnishing houses in England, containing by far the largest and most comprehensive stock of any two houses in this large city. prom basement to roof, from floor to cei ling, The Pantheon filled to overflowidg with thousmds of well bought, care- fully selected bargains, to attempt description of ss hich would be as futile as Liverpool attempting io crush THE MANCHESTER iIHIP CANAL. The dotinies of " The Panth-on" are c ntrolled and pre• aided over by its sole absolute prodrietor, Mr. W. H. Worsley, whose sole study is an ever increasing desire to satisfy and please the thousands of customers who daily patronise and aupc. art his efforts. We invite the reader to accompany us in An Imaginary visit to " The Pantheon to see what it con- tains and how it is managed. On arrival we are at once struck with the magnificent STARTLING APPEARANCE . .

" The Great -PaTt—heon,' the immense long line of stupen- dous show windows di.playing for sale capital specimens of high-class Second hand Furniture iy high-class makers, the Bale of which has wade "The Pentheou " famous. UPON ENTERING THE BUILDING we see" at once that as far as stock is concerned there is sufficient furniture for nearly the whole of Manchester. We see at once visitors walking round inspecting from Oldham, 'Bolton. Bury, Bur ley, Bbckburn,Becup. Ito hdale, Preston, Warrington and all parts of Lanes hire and Yorkshire, Chesh're, the Potteries, Wales, Ac. It is the cardinal rule of " The Pe.ntheon " to give the fullest facilities for inspec- tion without feeling compelled to buy. The ground floor Is filled with the large specimens of bedroom furniture suitable for large rooms; we are told the smaller suites are •on the top floor, to which we can travel by means of the twist, or walk. Bedroom suites on the ground floor we notice by Lamb. original cost £l5O, price £35 ; by Goodall, cost CS°, or £5O ; by Henry Ogden. cost £2OO, for £65. These are among the best autos, but one that strikes us with special attention is a fine han.,some Bedroom Suite by Behan, in solid American walnut, heavily carved in bas relict, with large wardrobe fitted with brilliant crystal bevel mirrors ; dressing table unique with neatly fitted jewel drawers, sur- mounted by lar;',e swing dressing glass ; washstand fitted with .tatuary marble and shaving mirror, th-e chairs. pedestal table de nuit, and towel horse ; what originally Cost £6O you can obtain for £25. Over 200 n,droom Suites are In star, on show, from 355. to £lOO, forming a display so impressive that we are almost STRUCK DUMB WITH AMAZEMENT.

We now go up stairs to the Dining-room Showroom. What a sight, long avenues of Sideboards is the first impression ; hundreds of Sideboards, with hundreds of Suites, also Dining 'Tables, Overmantels, splendid collection of Bronzes, Ormolu Clocks, Vases, /to. In this department we find magnificent Sideboards. original cost from £lOO to £2OO, at prices simply astounding, £lO to £2O The next floor above is the Drawing- room Furniture Showroom, which is simply a show of

===== 0002601_18951214_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
DAZZLING BEAUTY

dissolving one's sensitive aprreciation into impressive lovell nese. No department is so interesting to la lies as the draw- ing-room showroom; a keen delight is experienced in selecting weird and fantastic furniture for the drawing-room. Asthetic, Moorish, and Egyptian Cabinets, peculiar Green and Fronted Tables, Occasional Chairs of charming variety, Cosy Corners, Comfortable Lounging Settees and chairs equal to the highest class firms in the Kingdom rt, quarter the price. The largest showroom for Drawing-room Furniture in Manchester, containing over 100 Suites, 100 Cabinets, 200 Overmantels, 500 Tables. Suites from £3 10s. Od. to £5O, Cabin' ts from 3Js. to £45. Marvellous value, worth in most cases three or four times the money charged. The neat department adjoining is Cases three or four times the money changed. The next de- partment is the Bedstead and Bedding Department. which contains an enormous stock of Besisteads. The brilliant- burnished brass displayed here is so immense as to present almost a

===== 0002601_18951214_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SBA OF GOLD.

Magnificent specimens of the brassworkers' art is here dis played to perfection. Brass Bedsteads may be purchased solid and complete for as low a price as 355. to the best at £35. A clear saving of 50 per cent. Is effected In bedsteads and bedding. Brass and Iron Bedsteads, strong and durable, maybe secured from 6s. Ed. to 305. The bedding is all new, manufactured on the premises; everything is new in this department, the work here giving employment to over 50 bands. Nothing is allowed to be used here except it has pre- viously been washed and purified. All bedding sold at Wor- slay's may be guaranteed as of SPOTLESS PURITY. _._ _ _

Wool Beds complete. guaranteci all wool, frem Bs. 60., Heir Mattresses from 18s. 6d., Feather Beds from 225. 6d. The next place of interest to visit is the Bedroom h urniture Department, which is displayed In a showroom, 68 yards by 25 yards, larger than most of the combined showrooms of most furnishing establishments. One is bound to admit that The Pantheon Is certainly far ahead of any rival establish- ments in point of size and convenience. The showroom visited so far are lofty, well lighte I, and of immense area. The Bedroom F-rniture Showroom is magnificent. 300 Bedroom Suites are displayed in avenues, the finest collec- tion extant, at prices simply incredible, astonishing every one, pulverising and exterminating all competition. Com- plete Bedroom Suites, solidthroughout, at £3 10s. up to R3O, magnificent in style and finisn. Enamellei Suites from 30s. to O. The next departmeit is for Kitchen Furniture, the varied stock of which is quite sufficient to satisfy the most exacting. Thousands of chairs, hundreds of tables and dressers, every requisite for the kitchen at half the usual prices charged. A department is also provided for Iron- mongery. But we must move on, our examination and in- spection is taking too long and occupying to) much spice. We now are shown into the Carpet and Oilcloth Department, which contains thousands of new rolls of carpets, Brussels from Is. Hid., Tapestry from rid., Axminster from 2s. 1101 and soon. Then we see hundreds of Second-hand Carpets. If you want a carpet to beat creation, buy one of Worsley's second-hand carpets ; they knock the competition of Jew and Gentile into smithereens. You can get a second-hand Brussels Carpet, no tapestry ; no, real, genuine Brussels. tr. m 4 lob yards by 3to 4 yards, for under a sovereign. Hugs of im- mense variety, lovely Skin Rugs, Axminster, in facto! every conceivable design, shade, and colour, forming a gorgeous RIVALLING THE RAINBOW. Oilc/oths and Linoleums are here cut to pieces ; thousands I of yards are here daily slashed and cut into all shapes to fit the various houses they are intended for. The prices are also cut, in fact, cut so fine that you would require a magnifying glass to discover any profit made out of th's department. We saw Oilcloths from lid. per va d and Linoleums from 6d. per yard. The best Scotch Oilcloths and Linole 'ins are displayed from Is. 3d. per yard to 2s. 11d. We should like to -peak of all the wonderfel thim,s displayed for pale, but we must be pre- paring to leave The Pantheon in order to catch our train. We, therefore, hthry through the Office Furniture Department, the Brass Fender and Firebrass Department, the MiscAlane- ous Dc partment quickly on to the latest addition, the Music Department. Hark I What do we hear?

- MUSIC. HEAVENLY AND SUBLIME. The •• Hallelujah Chorus," Handers masterpiece, is being rolled along in glorious harmony by a gentleman who lates we discovered to be '' The Proprietor." American Organ are here displayed in L reat variety, mostly second-hand tor 'instance, a Mason and Hamelin organ can be purchased for 10 guineas which cost £4O. The iianofortes are in strong evidence, and a great credit to Mr. Worsley, who buys ever) ;Ling for " The Pantheon" himself. Plahos by 'Brant. Steinway, Brnadwood, Brchstein, Justin Browne, Cot- Iced, Brit, mead. and all the best makers are displayed at prices simply amazing. Braid pianos, the king of all in- struments, are priced at £l5, £2O, and RH. Marvellous -value Who would buy a cheap German piano which In 12 months would be wone than a Jew's h irp, when you can obtain a fine second-hand piano by one of the best makers for a fourth of the original price ? New pianos by all the best makers are here so'd for a profit of 10 per cent ; Wore- ieS's will procure any instrument, by any maker, for a simple 10 per sent profit, anti pay carriage. Neumeyer pianos. quite new. sp endid for 34 guineas, list price 50 guineas; Kirkman's stcel upright pianos £33, list £6O Brinsmead's £3O, Collard's £3), .nron's £25, and so on, showing a marvellous ssvinn on the ordinary rnsisic- sellers' price. Magnificent Li • ond-hand pianos at £3, £4, £5, up to £lO, wonderful i• argains.

IN CONCLUSION. we find that " The Pantheon is undoubtedly three times the size of any other furnishing house in Manchester •we have visited every rival establishment, but none can bold a candle tz, "The Pantheon." The universal courtesy extended to every visitor, whether a buyer or simply inspecting, is a strong recommendation to all to pay a visit to ..The Patheon" 'before purchasing furniture. And although a terrific call,h trade is daily in evidence, yet Mr. Worslev is such a strong opponent te the iniquitous hire system that to combat these evils, which mean a serious loss to those starting in life (see " Tit Bits," for October 12th). Worsley's now give credit to all respectable buyers at exactly the same pica charged for casb,;but in Ike a di vet charge of 10 per cent above the invoice price. This is a boon, preventing the extortion- ate prices usually charged on the hire syst-m. Now our visit Is ende 1. and after thanking the saleman for his courtesy in Showing us round, we cannot help but marvel, as we wend our way to the station. upon the marvellous skill and ability displayed at " The Pantheon" in the building up of what pro- phetically promises to become one of the largest concerns in England.

DON'T BUY FURNITURE anywh.re until you have visited" The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester, near the Central Station. H. WORSLET: The Pantheon, Claythorn, Hanchestee. Close to Central btation. HOURS OF BUSE\ ESS EVERY DAY 9 to 7.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, December 14th, 1895.

WEDNESDAY was, SO far as mom- R9pudiatiln. bers of the Uovernmentj were

concerned, a day of deputations. It has been suggested with a good show of reason that it might also be described as a day of repu- diations. Lord SALISBURY when interviewed by a deputation of the • National Agricultural Union practically repudiated the idea that he had ever in the whole catalogue of his political speeches en- couraged the hopes of those interested in the im- position of protective duties on any kind of agricultural produce. Our present Prime Minister is clearly a much misunderstood man. Somehow or other Lord SALISBURY has been persistently credited, not only by his political opponents but by his political fribnds as well,with opinions which, to say the least, were not those of a convinced and consistent free-trader. His allusions to commer- cial subjects in his public speeches have nearly always been in the nature of criticisms of the results and tendencies of Free Trade, and he has again and again used a form of ex- pression in dealing with these questions which seemed to imply that if he wbre invested with the necessary power he would not be averse to a revision of the fiscal system of the country. As a result, protectionists of every description rallied to the side of the Conservatives, and they claim to have been partly in- strumental in returning the large Unionist majority at the last election. Naturally,therefore, they are now clamouring for their reward. The demand made by the deputation on Wednesday was not a large one, but if secured it would have acted admirably as " the thin end of the wedge." It was, that one shilling should be taken off the duty on beer made of British barley, malt and hops,and that the duty on foreign beer be increased by an equivalent amount. This was no doubt considered to be a very modest request by the members of the National Agricultural Union. If it had been propounded to Lord Salisbury when he was out of office, how sympathetic would have been his attitude. How he would have di- lated upon the hardships of the barley and hop growers and upon the undiscriminating zeal of the free traders. But unfortunately for tho National Agricultural Union, Lord SALISBURY is now in

office. That, it was quickly. seen, MP'COS a differ- ence. A Prime Minister with a majority of a hundred and fifty at his back can not ride off on a few sympathetic platitudes ; he is expected to em- body his sympathy in the form of effective legisla- tion. Lord SALISBURY had therefore no option but to discredit in the eyes of the old country the vote- catching devices which had been diligently em- ployed by his party prior to the General Election, He declared that he had "never held language that would induce the belief that it was to Parliament entirely or mainly that they should look for a re- volution in agriculture." Something even more pronounced Pien that was to follow. "He was sensitive," he said, "upon the suggestion that he ever promised or urged upon any audi- ence the belief that protection would return within any period to which this genera,4ion could look. Without going into the theoretic part of the question, he believed that as a matter of fact there would be no such change el' opinion within our time." It will be seen from this that LORD SALISBURY has at last, when cornered, so to speak, treated the deluded protectionists Who helped to place his Government in power to the most drastic form of cold-water cure. He has told them I plainly not only that the Government will do !nothing to promote their foolish projects, but also 1 that so far as the present generation is concerned protection is dead and done with. Protectionists are now,therefore, unless they abandoo their futile crusade, under the necessity of working for poster- ity. It is a thankless task, for even in the end posterity will judge for itf 31f, and will not, we venture to think, go with the protectionists. If the position of Lord SALISBURY was difficult I when confronted with the glmsts of past promises that of Lord GEORGE HAMILTON, the Secretary for India, was both difficult and humiliating. Lord GEORGE HAMILTON was waited upon by a very large deputation representing the whole body of the employers and operatives engaged in the Lancashire cotton trade,which made a strong pro- test against the continuance of the Indian cotton duties. The deputation in this case might have reasonably expected that their protest would be heard with willino• ears and a ready promise that it should be acted upon without delay. The pre- sent Secretary for India was, in common with a large number of other Conservatives when in op- position, strong in his denunciations of these duties. In a speech on February 21st of this year he declared that "it was necessary to protest strongly against a measure wlkich must result in the erection of a heavy hostile barrier against the importation of cotton goods into India." At that time he was of opinion that "the tax was an unfair tax as far, as Lancashire was concerned ;" that "it was dangerous to the stability of our govern- ment in India,"and that it was"a burden upon the shoulders of an already very depressed industry." At the time of the general election, when he already held the office of Secretary for India, he asserted, in a letter in aid of a Conservative can- didate in Lancashire, that his opinions were still the same as those expressed in the speech from which we have quoted. Everyone now knows the effect that the import duties question had upon the elections in Lancashire It was by far the chief cause of the Tory victories in the county. The promise had been mals about as clearly as any promise can be made by a political party, that if the Tories were returned to power the policy of their predecessors would be reversed on this particular subject. But what is the result ? The duties are still imposed, and Lord GEORGE HAMILTON, the spokesman of the government on matters pertaining to India, holds out no hope that they will be abolished. Yet the arguments against the duties are stronger now than they were at the beginning of the year when LORD GEORGE figured as one of the champions of the Lancashire cotton industry. One member of the deputation mentioned that the exports of cotton goods to India showed a decline this year of twenty-nine per cent, as compared with last year. That is an ominous fact which the whole country should take note of, for not less than twenty-five per cent, of the total exports of Great Britain consists of cotton goods ; and it was rendered all the more ominous by the further statement that " thousands of cotton operatives are walking the streets of Lancashire in a state of semi-starvation."

THE interest in the education con- The Education controversy. troversy increases rapidly as time goes on, and there are many indica- tions that it will before long be the question of the hour. Sir \Yuman HARCOURT has written a vigorous letter on the subject in which he points out the weak pine in the case for the voluntary schools as that case is preeented by some of its ladvocates. Sir WILLIAM is not surprised at nor does he regret the efforts that are being made to improve the position of the voluntary schools. But he is dead against the " levelling down process of equalising Board schools and voluntary schools. If Board Schools are more efficient than voluntary schools, as some of the Bishops say they are, Sir WILLIAM Ile.e.courirs solution of the problem is the raising of the voluntary schools to the higher level and not the degrade- ' tion of the Board schools to the lower level. That is a proposition which will, we believe, have the assent of a vast majority of the Eoglish people. Sir WILLIAM is not alarmed by the growth of the School Board rate. He is of opinion that "it would be strange and deplorable indeed if in a quarter of a century the educational standard had not been raised, and the conception oi what is required had not been enlarged." He also points out that even now the standard of our education is far below that of the United States and many Continental nations. He therefore, strongly pro- tests against any attempt "to put back the clock," and he predicts that "episcopal obscurantism ' will not prevail. In the " Nineteenth Cen- tury" of this month, Mr. LYULPH STANLEY I also deals with the " Re-opening of the Education Settlement," and he gives some figures to show that the voluntary schools have not lost ground since the" new departure" of 1870. "We find,"he says, "that in 1869 the subscriptions were 78.30. a head—they ard now Os. 6id. a head ; that in 1869 the grants were 9s. 7d, a head—they are now 18s. 11d. a head (besides Science and Art grants of probably 4d. a head) ; that the income from tees and fee grant is 12s. 11d., as against Bs. 4d. in 1869, and the number of scholars in voluntary schools is 2,416,327 in average attend- ance, against 1,062,999 in 1869." It will be seen from all this that as the controversy increases in warmth, the Bishops are not having it all their own way.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WESLEY GUILD.

At the weekly meeting at the above Guild, a paper on " Youth " was read by Mr. Sandiford. The paper was of an interesting character and was much enjoyed by those present.

FCRS. —SEALSKIN JACKRTS and FURS of every des- cription Cleaned or Re-Dyed and Altered. For skins Dressed and Made-up iutJ Rugs, Muffs, Collars, &a.---. 13. COOKE, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Isiewingtou, and 21, Renallaw-3tree, Liverpool, Retabliened over 21 yeara,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BETHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CLASS. At the melting of this class on Tuesday even, the Rev. J. Simpson gave a study of Shakespeare's " 13rutus.."

TiE LIGHTING OF RUNCORN BY ELECTRICITY.

The Rev. Dr. Gast-Sidi—Presided at a meeting of the Electric Lighting committee held in the Town liall,Run- , cern. on Thursday morning. The secretary was instruc- ted to write to several authorities using the electric light asking for information, for the guidance of tbe com- mittee.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
" CONVRNTIONALITIES."

On Wednesday O-V-eniTig-,-a—mr-e-e-t-i-n-fi.,.- of S. Michael's Improvement Class waa held when Mr. F. 11. Garle read a paper on the above-mentioned topic. The Rev. A. J. Jameson occupied the chair. In the discussion which ensued the following took part :—Messr4. E. Ridge, T. Clarke, Rowlands, and the Chairman. There was a fair attendance. THE RECENT TABLE4I7X VIVANT&

The committee who had in hand the arrangements for the recent tablecruzitirants have decided to forward £lO to the District Nurse Committee to be used at their dis• cretion for any cases the Nurso might recommend of sick children to be sent out into the country fir the good of their health. It was further decided to send the sum of £3 to the Aged Pecan's Treat Committee. RIS tMAS, 1895.—F0r Chritmas Presents or any other Presents or Ankles for yourself, you may visit DEBERT'S, 10, CHURCH-StREET. LIVERPOOL, where you can get hundreds of articles such as Watch-s, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket etc.. at wholesale prices. see advertisement (Illustrated Chrorlitraph Watch, 6s. 11d., etc.), on page 7 of this Paper. -Advt. STREET ACCIDENT.

During the gale on Friday atternoon, Mrs. Mills, of Rutland-st., received a severe scalp wound. It appears that she was crossing the street near to the Waterloo hotel when two conveyances were coming in opposite directions, and she was struck by the shaft of one of them on the head.receiving a nasty gash. Dr.McGennan was speedily called to attend Mrs. Mills, and she is now progressing favourably. SALT SHIPMENTS FROM RUNCORN AND WESTON.

There has been an appreciable increase in the ship- ments of both white and rock salt during November from Runcorn and the Ship Canal, and Weston Point. From the former place the total amount shipped was 3,079 tons as compared with 2,375 tons in the corres- ponding month last year, and trom Weston Point th,. amount shipped was 1,470 tons as compared with 908 tons.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. . . . .

At this church on Sunday evening,anoiner of the series of people's services W 49 held. The pastor (the Rev. John Simp,on) gave a brief address on " What do they call you ?" Miss Pope contributed the solo "Angels ever bright and fair " with great effect, and Mr. Gowanlock sang in a pleasing manner "A sinner forgiven." There was a good congregation.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
:SCHOOL SUNDAY SERMONS.

On Sunday the annual— sermons ma behalf of the Parish Church Sunday schools were preached, in the morning by the Rev. H. B. Blogg, vicar of Frodsham ; and the Rev. E. L. Smith, senior curate of Daresbury, in the evening. Mr. James Littler gave a capital inter- pretation of the solo " Comfort Ye,' from the Messiah. and the choir rendered the chorus, " And the glory of the Lord." The collections were on behalf of the Sun- day school funds. NIGHT MARCH OP LOCAL VOLUNTEERS.

There will be a night-march of the Runcorn,Frodsham, and Weaverham Volunteers on Saturday in accordance with the special order of the commanding officer of the district. The members are to leave their headquarters in order to reach the appointed rendezvous at a fixed time. The neighbourhood of Dutton has been decided upon as the place of meeting,and it is about equidistant from the respective places. The Runcorn companies march at 6.15 from the Volunteer Hall. THE SURVEYORSMP OF RUNCORN. •

The principal busines-s before the members of the Highways and Buildings Committee of the Runcorn Urban Council, at its meeting on Tuesday evenine, at the Town Hall, was the consideration ni the readjust- ment of the duties of surveyors. Mr. D. Bisbrown occupied the chair. It was decided to recommend to the Council the appointment of Mr. Wilding as surveyor, and Mr. Barker as consulting surveyor and inspector of roads. The saving to the rates by tha change will be about £4O per annum in salaries._

===== 0002601_18951214_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-UNION AT THE PARISH CHURCH SCHOOLS.

In the Parish Church schools on Friday evenin^., a " Re-union "was held. At the supper, which had been prepared by the members of the ladies' committee,about 60 persons sat down. Those present included the Revs. H. B. Firth, H. C. Moyle, and W. H. Stables, Messrs. Jordan and John Littler, Mrs. Tonks,and Miss Goodwell. During the evening which was spent in a most enjoy- oble manner, songs wn,re rendered by Mr. James Littler add Mr. Henry Branch. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The members of this society met as usual, on Wednes- day evening when the chair was occupied by Mr. T. Simister. Mr. Willian, of Ditton, delivered an interest- ing paper entitled " From Alma to Sebastapol,"in which he alluded to the Crimean war. The discussion which followed was taken part in by Messrs. W. Millington, J. D. Bisbrown, A. Do ld,P. S. La wton,and J.Leadstone. The essayist's services were acknowledged on the motion of Mr. G. Hayes, seconded by Mr. J. A. Smith, jun. There was a good attendance. MARINER'S CHURCH MISSION, RUNCORN. _ . . _ . _

The ninth of a series of weekly entertainments held at this church was given on Monday evening. The pro- gramme consisted of a lantern exhibition entitled "Pil- grim's Progress." Mrs. Foster gave the connective readings, and the lantern was worked by Mr. Smith. A vote of thanks was passed to Mrs. Foster for conducting the readings in such an able manner, on the proposition cf Mr. Gardner, seconded by Mr. Williamson. There was a crowded audience.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY.

In connection with this society, a social gathering was held on Wednesday ev:ming, when a good number was present. The Rev. J. S. Simpson presided, and delivered a short address. The programme gone through included a harmonium solo by Mr. C. Le Couteur ; reeits thus by Mr. J. R. Routledge, a song by Miss Heatherington, and a reading by Mr. W. Lacy. Games were afterwards en- gaged In. Tea and light refreshments were dispensed by Mrs. Royle, Miss Lydiate, Miss Fleatherington, and Miss Abrams. A most enjoyable evening was spent.

SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS: The first of a series of pleasant Saturday evenings, under the auspices of the Runco4n Women's Temperance Society was held in the Brunner Guild Ball,on Saturday evening. Mr. A. R. Norman presided. An address was given by the Rev. T. Brackenbury. The interesting programme submitted contained songs by Misses Harrop, Hayes, Jones, and Carter ; Messrs. Charleston and Morris ; recitations by Misses Baker and Davies ; and a reading by Miss Clayden. The accompaniments were efficiently played by Miss Pope. During the interval re- freshments were dispensed. There was a good attend- ance, and these Saturday evening concerts promise to be very suc -essful. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN.

The usual Tuesday- night entertainments in the Sea- men's Institute was well attended. Mr. W. Shaw pre- sided, and a most enjoyable evening's entertainment was Provided. Songs were nicely rendered by Misses Jones, Foster, Douglas, Cavanagh, Mrs. R. Shaw, Messrs. H. Cooke, T. Woods, J. Price, Mcßenny, and R. Shaw. A duet was well given by Miss Douglas and Mr. Moores ; and Mr. Waterworth contributed humorous readings. Miss Brockley recited, and Miss F. Shaw performed a pianoforte solo. The proceedings closed with the pass- ing of a vote of thanks to those who had assisted during the evening.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY.

On Monday evening the members of the above-men- tioned society will give their second concert of the season in the Public Hall, Runcorn. The first part Of the pro- gramme will consist of the performance of Barnett's "Ancient Mariner." The music was composed expressly for the Birmingham Triennial Musical Festival, 1867, since when it has taken its place amongst the classics of English music. It is a piece abounding in delightful passages and will give plenty of scope to both chorus and soloists. Some miscellaneous pieces will comprise the second part. The special artistes engaged are Miss Mary Langdon, Mrs. Burstall, Mr. William Green, and Mr. Arthur Barlow. and there is every promise of a really first-class concert being given.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CAMDEN " WE9L-EY GIJILD."

The first meting of the newly-formed " Weeley Guild" in connection with Camden Wesleyan Chapel, was hell on Friday evening. Tea was provided,at which nearly 100 persons sat down. The Rev. C. de Putron Gliddon.the president, has worked most energetically in the formation of the Guild in Runcorn. An excellent programme was gone through during the evening as follows :—Song, "Isle of Beauty," Miss Woodward ; duet,"The Convent Bells," the Misses Davies and Wood- ward ; recitation, Mr. Ackerley ; swig," Billarnev,"Miss Bayley ; song,"She wr4re aWreath of Roses,"Mr.P.Speak- man ; readine,Rev. C. de Putron Gliddon ; song, "Allan Water," Miss Yates ; song," Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," Mr. S. Maley •, reading, Mr. A. Garrison ; and duet, A. 13. C., Mr. S. Bizley and Miss Batley,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
.. . GREEN WAY-ROAD BOARD SCHOOL CONCERT.

The annual concert by the e-cl;lar; ait-endine Green- way-road Board School will be given on Wednesday and Friday neat. Many will remember the success of the last concert when the operetta "Mr. Nobody" was performed, and it is anticipated that this year's concert will even surpass last year's performances. The objects which are to benefit by the proceeds will commend themselves to the general public. A portion will be devoted to the orphan fund of the National Union of Teachers, and the remainder to the scholars' prizs fund, an institution which has greatly encouraged the children to attend regularly at school. As is well-known, the schools stand in the front rank, as evidenced by the Inspector's reports. Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., will preside on Wednesday evening, and Mrs. Maitland Wood will distribute the prizes. On Friday evening, Mr. Wilson Blackledge, the well-known humorist will give a number of character sketches, when the children will repeat the performance of the operetta "Pay of the Pied Piper," and give in addition several miscellaneous items.

ITOLY TRINITY SALE OF WORE.

The total amount realised ht this sale of work held at the close of last week, was £45 14s. This is considered very satisfactory. FORTHCOMING MISSIONARY MEETING.

As will be seen from a glance at our advertising columns, the annual missionary meeting in connection with Halton-road Wesleyan Church, will be held on Tuesday evening. The Rev. Edward Strutt, who has spent several years in Ceylon, will be the principal speaker. _ _

THE NEW SHIP CANAL BILL. , The General Purposes and Parliamentary Committee had under consideration at their meeting on Tuesday evening, the proposals contained in the Ship Canal Bill, to be submitted during the forthcoming session of Par- liament. Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., was in the chair. As a copy of the bill had not been received by, the Coun- cil, it was decided to wait until it was forwarded before taking any action. In the meantime the Medical Officer of Health and the Surveyor were requested to report as to the effect the closing of tke sluices would be likely to have on the town. The opinion was expressed that it was necessary for the Council to do all within its power to preserve the health of the town. EXPERIENCES OF A RUNCORN CREW IN THE GALE. During the gale of last week' the crew of the steamer Thursby, in charge of Captain John Looby, and which frequently visits Runcorn, had very trying experiences. It appears that it set sail from Yarmouth on the s:b inst., but owing to the hurricane which prevailed the ' vessel was driven at least 200 miles out of its course,and received serious damages. They were fortunate, how- ever, in getting into port,after being buffeted about for two days in a most tempestous gale. THE PROPOSED NEW CHEMICAL WORKS AT WESTON.

Although no official declaration has been publicly made respecting the site chosen for the works of the Castner- Kellner Chemical Company, there are many indications which s2em to point to Weston being chosen. Some land has ben " pegged " out at Weston, presumaoly for the new works, and during this week several contractors in the neighbourhood have waited upon the engineer to receive information that may assist them in tendering for ths erection of certain works. It is expected that with the advent of the new year building operations will be commenced. BOARD SCHOOL PRIZE FUND.

An excellent lecture on " Venice " illustrated with numerous limelight views, was given in Brunswick-st. schools on Thursday evening by Mr. F. J. Norman,J.P., 11 before a large company. The proceeds were in aid of the prize fund for the scholars attending Brunswick-st. and Granville-et. Board schools. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. C. Beckett. Mr. Benjamin Crosby, the head- master of Brunswick-st. schools, manipulated the lan- tern. A number of songs were appropriately inter- spersed during the evening. The soloists were Ms Brathhaw, Miss Eliza Wright, Miss Johnson, and Mr. J. Leathwood, and Mr. Wesley Cooke. Organ and piano duets were performed by Messrs. Rowley and William Cooke. The accompanist was Mr. Rowley. Tim usual vote of thanks having been passed, a pleasant evening's eutertainment condluded.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOL.

The first portion of the winter session at the evening continuation schoc,l was brought to a close on Thursday evening when a lantern lecture was given in the Board Schools, Greenway-road. The subject of the lecture was .• The British Empire,' and the pictures shown on the screen were of places in the British possessions through- out the world. Mr. Cragg was the lecturer, and Mr. Bowyer, the lanternist. The number of scholars attend- ing the Evening Continuation School is a considerable advance on previous years. PRIMITIVE METHODIST BAND OF ROPE.

An entertainment under the anapices of the Greenway road Primitive Methodist Baud of Hope was liel,l in the sctoolroom on Thursday evening. Mr. Thomas Reynolds occupied the chair, and delivered a brief address. A miscellaneous programme was gone through including recitations by Bessie Williams, and Annie Fowles, Arthur Handley, Alfred Suibbs, A. Pox, A. Shiugler, and Mr. Hulse, the latter being awarded an encore. Songs were contributed by Miss Wright, and Mr. Page. An interest- ing item was a dialogue entitled " Rum or tea " given by a number of members. STARR BOWICETT SOCIETLES AT RUNCORN.

The annual meeting of the Second Starr Bowkett Build- ing Society was held on Friday last,under the presidency of Mr. J. H. Salkeld. The report and balance sheet were adopted, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. 'l'. C. Williams. The retiring directors, Messrs. Salkeld, J. Holford, A. Riley, and W. B. Kay were re- elected. It was decided, subject to the approval of the directors of the first society, that both societies meet together weekly, for the payment of subscriptions, in- stead of on separate nights, as at present.—An appro- priation meeting in connection with the First Starr Bow- kett Society was held at the office,Bridge-st.,on Monday evening, when a ballot was taken and No. 236 was drawn, entitling Mr. Horace W. Handley to an advanc., ot £2OO under the usual conditions.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
READING ROOM AND RECREATION HALL FOR WESTON.

THE OPENING CEREMONY.

The formal opening of the reading room and recreation hall which has been fitted up at Weston took place on Wednesday evening. Mrs. Maitland Wood performed the opening ceremony in the presence of a large com- pany. The room has been built during the past year by the men and young men connected with the Weston church from toe materials of a block of wooden houses bought by the Rev. W. H. Stables from the Manchester Ship Canal Company. It is nicely situated just behind the playground of the school, on laud lent by Major Orred. It is 45ft. long and 18ft. wide, and is papered and varnished throughout. 13y means of a moveable partition a small room can be cut off, and it is intended ta use this portion for reading purposes only. The large room which is supplied with draughts, chess, dominoes, ltc., is intended to be used as a recreation room. The building ssill seat 150 people very comfortably. At the opening ceremony, the Rev. W. H. Stables who conducted the proceedings, apologised for the absence of the Vicar, the Rev. Canon Maitland-Wood, whodie was wry to say, was not much better. He then gave a short history of the movement which had led to the acquirement of the room, after which, Mrs. Wood de- clared the room open.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
11A.L'f ON.

CLOSING OF SCH3OLS.—In consequence of scarlet fever having broken out in the village, the day schools and Sunday schools have all been closed. WESLEY Gruffm.—On Monday evening the Rev. C. P. Gliddon presided over the first monthly devotional meet- ing. Tne subject of discussion was the three grAces : " Faith, Elope and Charity." There were present 26 members and 5 companions. THE PARISH CHURCH CHOIR CONCERT.—The members of this choir gave their annual concert in the Girls' School, on Friday evening. The senior members of the choir were attired in the oecoming Pierrot costutne,while the junior mensbers appeared as ten little 'Jiggers. Every item of the programme was well rendered, and the choruses were very effective. The choir were assisted by Miss Jeans, who sang "Old Madrid" and "The Mighty River," for which she obtained an encore. Miss Wright's two songs were'also well received. Messrs. Paton and Jeacock gave assistance as corner men, and showed that they understood the art of "funning." A most enjoyable time was spent.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
I'OREIGN MISSIONAIY ANNIVERS,kRY

AT CAMDEN.

In Camden Wesleyan Chapel, Lowlands-road, on Sun- day, foreign missionary services were held. In the afternoon there was a large congregation, when " Sister Annie "delivered an address on "Our Father." It was listened to with great attention, and the manner in which the lady dealt with the subject was much appre- ciated. The preacher in the evening was the Rev. T. Brackenbury. On each occasion the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. S. Bazley, sang anthems. Collec- tions were taken on behalf of the Wesleyan Foreign Mis- sionary Society. The annual missionary meeting was held on Tuesday evening when there was a crowded attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. P. Speakman. J. P., C.C., and he was supported by the Rev. W. George, Messrs. Harrison, S. Beckett, J. Rawlinson, Edward Taylor, and others. In the course of his remarks, the Chairman referred to his visit to Palestine, and spoke of the thoroughness with which the missionaries did their work as seen by himself. He also spoke of the undoubted success of missionary effort. It the church must suc- ceed they must take an intelligent interest in the work of foreign missions. In consequence of the chairman hav- ing to leave for another meeting, the chair was later on, taken by Mr. Beckett, who complimented the missionary workers at Camden on the success which had attended their efforts. The missionary report was read by Mr. Edward Taylor, the circuit lay secretary, and showed that ,the sum of £279 4s. 2d. was raised in the Runcern circuit for the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Sociely. The amount raised at Camden was as follows: Public meeting and sermons £9 15s. 11d., collection by Miss Temperley £2 84. 6.1.. Sunday school collections £2O Ils. 9d.,total £32 154. 23. —The Rev. A. W. Hall,for some years missionary on the Gold Coast,then delivered an address. It was unusually interesting because of the information it contained:regarding the present expendi- tion to Ashanti. It was evident that the rev, gentle- man knew well the cout try through which the English troops will have to traverse in order to reach Coomassie, and deal with the Ashanti King. He gave a most graphic account of the habits of the people , showing their plain need of Christianity and civilisation. He exhibited a large number of very interesting curios gathered by him durii'ps his sojourn in Western 1 Africa. He earnestly appealed for the continued gener- ous support of the Camden friends to the work of the missionary society.—Mr. Robinson gave a series of' de. lightlul limelight pictures, illustrative of life in Ceylon. The descriptive readings were delivered by the Rev. W. George. The collections on Sunday and Monday amounted to nearly £7.—The Rev. Vs. George acknow- ledged the services of the gentlemen who had helped to make the meeting a Success, and the proceedings then terminated.

NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Board was held at the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday, the chair being occupied by Mr. C. B. F. Borron, J.P., C.C., and the following members were also present, Messrs. W. Collingwood, J. W. Emmett, T. Ormand, P. MacMahon, W. Beatty, W. Gilmour, J. Simpson, J. Smith, J. Slee, W. Thompson, Jun., E. F. Evans, T. J. Wood, and Rev. E. W. W. Kay, also Mr. J. E. Worsley (law clerk).

===== 0002601_18951214_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE LAST MEETING,

Before the business of the meeting was proceeded with, the Chairman said that he wished to express his regret at their being called together.fhat day. He trusted and hoped sincerely that no similiar occurrence would again happen in that Cauncil to that which took place the other day. (Hear, bear.) For himself, perso:.al abuse, and personal insults weighed but lightly, but as they had placed him to the chair, the dignity of the chair he was determined to maintain. (Hear, hear.) To promote the business of the Council, be would, when the chair was assailed ask the Council to adjourn day by day to ten o'clock the following morning so that the work of the district should be ca.ried out. With those remarks they would proceed to business. They now stood adjourned to the Highway Committee's minutes which bad been proposed and seconded. Mr. Beatty said that before the minutes of the High- ways Committee were passed, he would like to say that he had not voted for the censure of Mr. MacMahon last week. He had not voted at all. The Clerk : The minutes do not state that Mr. Beatty voted for the censure, and, therefore,there is no mistake as far as the minutes of the Council are concerned. Mr. Gilmour : Our LAW Clerk only asked for the " Ayes," and took it for granted that all had voted for " Ayes." Mr. McMahon asked for the minutes to be read but the Chairman said that unless Mr. McMahon or Mr. Gil- mour were going t 3 express their regret for the proceed- ings of the last meeting, the Council must preceed with the minutes of the Highways Committee. Mr. Gilmour said that he did not wish to say whether he would apologise, hut he wished to know how it was that Mr. Slee was spoil the sub-commitee about which so much was said at the last meeting. The Chairman ; You are out of order. Mr. Gilmour : But I want to know about that sub- committee. _ .

.... The Chail man : I call you to order. Mr. Gilmonr : Very well, I will obey your ruling. The minutes of the Highways Committee were then put and casSed. OAS AND WATER COMMITTEE. .

The minutes of this committee have already ap- peared in the "Examiner." The confirmation was moved by Mr. Smith seconded by Mr. Simpson.—Mr. Gilmour wished to know why the incandescent lamp in High-sr. had not been lighted.—Mr.Smith replied that he was 120: aware that it had not been lighted, but he would inquire about R.—Mr. Emmett said that according to an order made, four lamps should he placed in Regent-st., and he wished to know why two had only been erected—Mr. Smith was unable to answer that question in the absence of the gas manager, but he would answer it at the next meeting of the committee.—The minutes were then car- ried unanimously. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION CONIMITTEE.—THE REV. E, W. W.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
KAYE HAS A GRIEVANCE.

The Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, in moving the adoption of the minutes of this committee which have already ap- peared in our columns, aeed lt whether a certain state- ment of accounts mentioned in them had been pre- sented to the Council, and if PO by whom ? He also wished to know whether a certain grant received from the County Council had been paid over to the Viaduct Technical Instruction Committee. Mr. Ormand (interrupting) : This is a question for the committee and net for the Council. We have to confirm or otherwise thee minutes. Mr. Kaye is asking ques- tions quite outside the minutes. The Chairman : I do not deprive any gentleman the privilege of asking questions. I must rule that Mr. Kaye is in order in asking these questions. Mr. Kaye (proceeding) said that he believed that the grant alluded to had been paid over to the Viaduct Tech- nical Instruction Committee. If that had been done he would like to know by whose authority it had been done. Some time ago it had been agreed that no money should he paid before being sanctioned by the Council. He had been Chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee for about six months, and he was sorry to say that he , had been kept almost entirely in the dark with reference ' to the financial portion of the committee's business. He did not know whether it had been done purposely or not. He had not had a chance of opening, or knowing I the contents, of certain communications, whilst ether members of the Council had had a knowledge of the con- tents. This was, in his opinion, a rather irregular proce- . durieand he thoueht the Council would bear him out in saying that no communication should be opened and I looked at by any member of the Council without being seen first by the Chairman. Mr. Thompson seconded tho minutes. Mr. Ormand : May I ask Mr. Kayo to name the gentleinan who has opened the letters before he has had sight of them. The Chairman said that fortunately, they had the Secretary of the Viaduct Technical InstructioniCorn- mittee amongst them. If he was agreeable to make an explanatioe he (the chairman) would like to hear them, and he would, therefore, ask Mr. Ormand to kindly ex- plain. Mr. Ormand thought Mr. Have had not been fair in raising these questions without first giving proper notice of them. Mr. Smith had just been allowed to defer his answer until the committee met, and the present case was very similar to that of Mr. Smith, Now the Chair- man would establish a precedent if he called upon him to answer questions which he (Mr. Ormand) contended were purely committee matters. Mr. Kaye might think it was clever,and that he was doing a good thing by sprireeing this mine upon them that day; but he (Mr. Ormand) did not think it v, as at all gentlemanly, to say the least, to bring up such matters then without notice. He should, therefore, object to give any explanation whatever except in committee, which was the proper place for such explanations. Mr. MacMahon stated that be thought a chairman ought to know something about his own committee and not come to the Board about it. If he was chairman of a comm.ttee he would make himself acquainted with the business of the Committee, or give it up. (Mr. Ormand : Hear, hear.) Mr. Gilmour said th.at he never in his experience heard such questions asked by a chairman of committee. He ablini red and destested such irregularities and the chairman of the Board acquiesing on it. The Chairman : I call you to order. Mr. Emmett said that like Mr. Gilmour, he thought it unfair of the chairman of the Technical Instruction Com- mittee to raise the questions in Council. If he wanted info, elation surely there were two or three members from whom he could procure it, instead of boring the Council with such matters. He (Mr. Emmett) was not at all surprised at the Council having to break up in the way they had done last Monday if committees did not know their business. It was such questions as Mr. Kaye had raised that caused the Council to get into such dis- grace. Mr. The mpson complained, as a member of the com- mittee, of being utterly in the dark as to the two ques- tions raised by Mr. Kaye. He had heard no more than , the Council had as to what had become of the letter,and had not heard anything of it since it was first brought up. With regard to the payment of the money he was utterly ignorant, and was surprised when he heard it had been paid. He should like to know also whether it had been paid, and by whom ? Mr. Emmett rose to a point of order, saying that Mr. Thompson was asking the same question as Mr. Kaye. The Chairman said that Mr. 7 hompson was perfectly in order. He was speaking on the questions raised. Mr. Thompson, proceeding, said it was satisfactory to know that the money had come, but it was hardly In accordance with the present system of carrying on the Council's business to allow money to be handed over to a committee without their approval. With regard to what he considered the strong remarks against the chairman of the committee, he might say that he too (Mr. Thomp- son) had not been long a member of the committee, and was not supposed to know very much about its work. (Laughter, and cries of "You don't.'') However, his friends aeross the table might laugh, he supposed that he knew quite as much as they as to how the business should be conducted. (Hear, hear, and Mr. Gilmour: " Question.") He did not think that anything was lest by keeping one's temper, so he would advise certain of the members not to get excited. (Laughter.) Mr. MacMahon remarked that this was a debateable , matter, and Mr. Kaye had no right to introduce it at that meeting. Mr. Ormand also objected, and wished to know from the Law Clerk whether Mr. Thompson was in order. Mr. Thompson was speaking upon matters which were not within the scope of the Council, but which were for the committee to deal with. Mr. Thompson said he knew nothing whatever of the letters mentioned. He must be troubled with a very short memory. He asked the Law Clerk to say whether, while Mr. Thompson was at the meeting, the letters were not read,and whether he (Mr. Ormand) did not make an explanation of them. It passed his comprehension why he raised questions about these things that day. The Law Clerk ruled Mr. Thompson in order, and in replying to the second question of Mr. Ormand said : The letters were read,ancl Mr.Ormand did make the ex- planation he said he did. The Rev. E. W. W. Kaye replied, but was on more than one occasion interrupted. . _ -

The Chairman observed he was sorry Mr.Ormand had not thought proper to publicly state clearly and plainly what had taken place with the accounts and money. He had sheltered himself by saying that it was a matter for the committee, and he would have to take the rezpen- sibility upon himself. Mr. Ormand : lam quite willing, sir, to take the responsibility. The minutes were then put and carried. TEE APPOINTMENT OF ASSISTANT OVERSEER. The Chairman announced that the Local Government Board had acceded to the request of the Council by giv- ing. them authority to appoint assistant overseers for the district. The meeting then closed.

21Jbrrtiament not ela,3stfieb.

AII LADY has a valuable BCIPB tor promoting the growth of the hair. prevents it falling out, sent for 7.I.—MRS. HANNAH, 31, St in-street, Brighton.

wAR RINGr ON BRITISrI WORKMAN PUBLIC- HOUSE CO.. LlMlTED.—Tenders are invited for the supply of Bread, Confectionery, Groceries, Butchers' Meat. Mitk,and Aerated Drinks. enders and Samples to be sent in before six o'clock on 'TUESDAY EVENING NEXT. December 17th, and addressed to HENRY ROBERTS, Hors( - market-st. Cocoa Rooms, Warrington,

VVANTED immediately GENERAL SERVANT. Cook- plainly, no fringe. Comfortable situation; nurse kept, —Mrs. WATSON, Barrack House, Sheffield.

FIALTON-ROAD WESLEYAN CHAPEL, RUN- CORN.—WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—The ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING will be held on TUESDAY. 17111 inst. JOHN SIMPSON, Esq., will preside. The Rev. EDWARD STRUTT, of Sefton Park, Liverpool, for several years in Ceylon, will deliver an addrtas. Other Gentlemen will also address the meeting. Chair to be taken at Seven. o'clock. Collection in aid of the Society.

WANTED, a clean. strong GRNSRA.L StERVANT.— Apply MM. Conn,3l,How.rd-Btreet.Eccles New Road. Salford.

\ATANTBD thoroughly experienced CaNBRAL ; two others kept.--Apply between 2 and 4 any day, MRS. JOLIFFE, Mill Brook, Becleston, Prescot.

WANTED a strong SERVANT (HIM ; able to wa.sh good home.—Apply 2, KNOTT LINE, Cheetwood, Strangeways. Manchester. •

-LIVIiItY LADY could try my RISCIPB tor producing _LI lovely curly fringe and be-intimt wavy hair, without ourling iron. not effected by rain or fogs, permanent curling. harmless and genuine with,mt a doub', 9 stamps.—GEOßGE WYATT, Sandal, Wakefield, Yorks.

-DUBUC HALL RUNCORN. The Popular ANNUAL CON,IIIiT. Comic Operetta "Pay of the Pied Piper," by the Scholars of the Greeuway-road Board School, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY. December 18th and 21th. Mrs. Maitland Wood will distribute the prizes on Wednesday. Chairman, d. Taylor, Esq., J.P., C.C. Special engalement fYr Friday night, of Mr. WILSON BLACK- LBDGIti, in new charscter sketches. Co nmencing each evening at 7 15. A imission : Reserved seats (numbered), 25.; Front seats, Is. 61. ;Secnad seats, Is.; Bsck seats. 63.

WINTER CLOTHING. SEE THE WINDOWS OF THE

MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN.

THR M.C.D. OVERCOATS

FOR ALL AGES. rrin M.C.D. VERCOATS S. & D. B. CHESTERFIELD FROM 16S. On. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, EXTRA LO:AZI- PROM 20S. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK. WOOL LINED, AND DEEP CAPES FS'.Olll.B. 6D. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SEEMS, MELToNS, BEAVERS, FUZE, NAPS, AND

===== 0002601_18951214_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIS TWEEDS.

THE .M.C.D. OVERCOATS

IN ALL THE NEW SHADES OF COLOURS. TILE 31.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN,

THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS

FuR YOUTHS.

TT M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS.

THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS

===== 0002601_18951214_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
READY MADE.

THE M.O.D. OVERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED.

T FOR tioOu WINTER SUITS FROM 16s. 6D.

M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS.

THE . MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST COST. THE M.C.I). SUITS TO MEASURE. S. 6D, 335. 6D, 395. 455. TROUSERS, BS. 6D. 10S. 6D, 12s„ 13s. 6D.

THB M.C.D. BLAGE. SUITS TO MEASURE. 28s. 6D. 335. 6D, 395. 43, 475. 6D. TROUSERS, 8. 6D, 10S. 6D, 12S. 6D, HS. 6D.

THE M.C.D.

HAVE EVERY KIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE.

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS SHOW.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND G.

B ASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Are now holding

THEIR ANNUAL SHOW

USEFUL AND ARTISTIC NOVELTIES for

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. The Collection includes the NEWEST AND BEST PRODUCTIONS of the

ENGLISH AND CONTINENTAL MANUFACTITRERS

Fancy Goods of all descriptions,

JEWELLERY. FANS, REAL SILVER ARTICLES.

CHOICH CHINA, BRASS GOODS, LEATHER WARE.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, &c.

GEORGE HENRY L Elt , AND CO., •

BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKING COLD.

A " Cold " is not necessarily the result of a high or low temperature. A person may go from a hot bath directly into a cold one, or :oto snow even, and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contrary,he may take cola by pouring a couple of table- spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by sitting near a window or other opening, where one part of the body is colder than another part. Let it be kept in mind that uniformity of temperature over the whole body is the great thine to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon different parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induces congestion of some part. Keep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine, either for reventing or curing a Cold, is

GWILYM EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS,

informed Use police. When he spolce to prisoner abo t the matter, he said he had shovelled them up with the rubbish,— Detective Sergeant Monaghan arrested the prisoner, and chirged him with he theft, his reply being, •• I was helped ov another man, and we intended to sell them to a marine store dealer."—Prisoner, who pleadei guilty, was fined 205., or hi oefitult 14 days' imprisonment with hard labour. 9 HURSDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Sutton,

and Mr.'_S. :Chlndley:

OCCASIONAL LICEE.-Mr. jassey Of the Spread Eagle Hotel, Macclesfield, was grea.ted an occasional license to sell in the Gymnasium on December 26th, on the occasion of a ball.

THEFT OF TROUSERS AND COAT.—Thomss Mitchell and Thomas Parnell were sent to gaol tor 21 days for stealing a coat and vest, the proper:y of John Gibbons, the previous day. The Chief Constable said that there had been a large number of petty larcenies of late.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY—Before Mr. H. Reynolds, and Mr. T. Rigby. TEMPORARY AIITHORITY.—James Cliambers Wylie. applied for temporary authority to sell at the Railway Hotel, Low- lands-road, in lieu of Henry Darington. Permission w.ls granted for a week as Superintendent Okell stated that he had not yet reeeived a reply from the authorities at Liver- pool, respecting the applicant's testim TOUTIIFUL FOOTBALLERS IN TROLTBLE.—Five youths named James Ramsey, John Hitchniough, John Lightfoot, James Lightfoot, and David Lewis were summoned for playing football on the highway at the Fair Groand, on Sunday, the Ist December. to the annoyance of passengers and residents. Ramsey and Hitchniough pleaded guilty and the others not; guilty.—P.C. Butler deposed that at 11 15 on Sunday morn- ing he was on duty in Penketh-lane when he saw a lot of lads, including the defendants. playing football on the fair ground. He caught one lad who gave him the names of the other defendants. Th-re had been seueral complaints about the ball being kicked into backyards, and of windows being broken.—P C. Gregory gave evidence as to seeing the lads having a scrimmage on th highway near the fair ground on the date inentiooed.—Edwin Lightfoot spoke on behalf of his sons. and denied that they were playing at the time.—The Chairman said there was no doubt that the defendants played on the highway, and the practMe must be stopped. Those who had pleaded guilty were each fined 4s. 6d. each, and the others ss. 6 I. costs each.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TtlE VEGETABLE TONIC,

Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or deprested spirits,brace the Nerves, and remove alrDisorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress after Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructations, Heaviness and Langour. Disorders or the Liver are often caused by defective Digestion. The potency of the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in

CiNVILYM EVA.NS' QUININE BITTERS,

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved ot his load of misery, once more enjoys good health, and looks forward to happiness andlong life. •

G W ILY 11 EV AN S' QUININE BIITERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC.

Prices : Bottles, 24. 9d., and 44. 6d. each. To be had of all Chemists and Vendors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ANXIOUS TO SEE THE NEW CHIEF CONSTABLE. Jane Johnson, 9, Silver-square, a well-known char- acter at the Warrington Police Court, was charged on Monday, before the Mayor and Alderman Harrison,with being drunk and disorderly in Silver-square, on Decem- ber 4. The defendant who pleaded guilty said that she had been at a christening and that she and her husband had had a drop of drink. Her husband locked her out and told he that he would not let her in until she had seen the new chief at the police station. She was seen by a policeman and suinvnoned. She was glad to see the new chief and hoped he would not be hard on her. (Laughter.)--Mr. Talbot : She has had too many looks at the old chief I think. (Laughter.) Mr. Talbot here- upon handed in the character sheet of the defendant which was a rather formidable one, and the magis- trates fined her 53. and costs or seven days'. Defend- ar'; .".id that she would pay at the other end.

SCANDALOUS TREATMENT oa. A Camp. William Wilkinson and Eden Mercer were charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday with wil- fully neglecting a child Mary Ellen, on the precious night. Inspector McAteer said that the child was six weeks old. The two defendants tramped the country from one place to another. They had been to Wigan, St. Helens, Golborne, and Manchester, and arrived in Warrington ten days ago. They went to the lodging house of Jeremiah Shorrcoks. Be was informed ot the condition of the child on the previous night, and the woman was drunk when he visited her. He examined L.l-,e child, and found it to be thoroughly emaciated, the bones protruding through the skin. In fact, it was al- most like a hying skeleton. It was indeed in such a condition that it could hardly recover.—Jeremiah Shor- rocks, lodging tious, keeper, Ship Yard, said that the two prisoners had lodged at his house for ten days. On Wednesday night he heard a row at the next door, and on going there he found the two prisoners quarrel- ling and the female prisoner was hitting the male pri- soner with the child. She also hit witness with it, and at length threw it at Wilkinson.—Similar evidence was given by Mrs. llorrocks and Mrs. Butler,—Inspector McAteer said that he would withdraw the charge against Wilkinson in order that he could call him as a witness. On Wilkinson going into the box he said that he had lived with the female prisoner for three weeks, though he had known her for some considerable time. She was rather hot tempered, but she had not thrown the child deliberately at him the previous night. The prisoner belonged to St. Helens.—X.S. Smith said that when he was called in the previous night to see the female pri- soner she was behaving in a disgraceful manner, as' she was under the influence of drink. She also behaved in , a similar fashion in the cells during the night, and she pressed a jug against the child so hard that he had to break it to get it away.—Toe prisoner was sent to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOIt CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRIDAY. Before Alderman Harrison and Dr. Gomall. ALLEGED Wrez DESERTION.—Rate Norman, jan., 17. Orchard-st., was charged with deserting his wile, Blizabeth, on the 6th Nov., and ret used to contribute to her mainten- ance since.—Mrs. Norman said that on the night of the 6th he came home and started quarrelling with her. He told her to "sling her book "and threatened to throw a lamp at her. She went out.—Mr. F. R. Roberts defended, and said there was no desertion. aud that defendant was quite willing for her to come biek.—Complainant was advised to return to him and the case was dismissed.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), and Alderman Harrison. DRUNICRNIII.9B.—For this offence, Thomas Mulroonev, 15, Church-et ,was fined ss. and costs; James Johnson, 9, Silver-square, ss. and costs. BEGOING.—William Holden, Friar's Green, was sent to gaol for 14 days for beg4ing in Boist-st.. the previous night, at 7.10. A domestic servant in the employ of Dr. Braide, said that the prisoner was at the door for ten minutes before P.C. Lewis came up and arrest,cl him. P.S, Chantierf said. that the prisoner was a sporting tipster and had a previous bad character. BREACH OE THE PEACE.— kiphonsus Callen, 5, Welling- ton-st., was bound over for six mouths, for fighting In Scot- land-road, on Nov. 13. P.C. Clough proved the case. FOOTBALL PLAYING IN THE STREETS.—Seven boys,Bernard Hennigan. James Berry, William Savage, John William Gerrard. John Dutton, William Dutton, and George Dicken- son, were charged with playing kootball in Crown-st., on Dec. 3. P.C. Clough proved the case, and said that there had been many complaints respecting the practice of playing football in the streets —All but Hennigan and DicAenson were fined Is., Dickenson was fined 55.. Hennigan, who had a very bad record, was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days. CHIMNEY og FIRE. —William Pemberton. 56. St. Jamei-st.. was lined is. for allowing his chimney to be on fire on Dec. 4

TUESDI.Y.—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman) and Dr. T. Starkey Smith. IRREGULLE SCHOOL ATTFND.INCE.—Mr. W. Jones, prose- cuted in the following cases of irregular school attendance : John Baguley, 10, G4ndy-at., fined ss. ; Joseph Rutter, 46, Cathetine-et., ss. ; Thomas Dunbabbin, 15, Howley-lane, boy ordered to the ship " Cdo."

WEDNESDA.Y.—Before Messrs. S. Fairclough (in the chair) and J. H. Fleming. ANUNTILIAL 80N.—A man named Thomas Travis, of 68. Winwick-road, was charged with having between the 28th November and sth Dceembtr, stolen a sheet, one vest, and two singlets, the property of his father.—The Chief Constable stated that the prisoner lived with his father, and when the artistes were missed information was given to the police. All the articles except the sheet had been traced, and prisoner pleaded guilty to hiving stolen all but this. He would, therefore. withdraw the robbery of the sheet from the charge. —Detective-Sergeant Monaghan proved the apprehension of the prisoner.af ter which the Chairman remarked that though prisoner had been sent to gaol in February last for a similar offence it had done him no coo& He would now have to go to gaol for three monthe with hard labour. AM ATTEMPT TO DETRAuo.—Michael Burke, of no fixed abode, was charged (being a convic, ed thief) with having frequented Lyme-st., on the previous day with intent to commit a felony —Tr. Harry Green, provision dealer.. sad who carries on business at 4. Lyme-st., stated that on the previous day prisoner entered his shop and pro- duced a ring, at the same time issuing witness what its worth was. Witness said he did not know, whereupon prisoner said, "It is worth 225, I do not want much for it, and I will take 55." Prisoner subsequently asked witness for 4s. for it. Witness told him to call again, and the prisoner left the shop. The police were then Inforn2ed of the matter.— P C. Thomas Barnett stated that he went to the Golden Grove Inn, Lyme-st., and found prisoner in the bar. Witness asked him where the ring was, and he then produced it. Witness took him into custody, and on the way to the Police Station prisoner said "I bought it at Booth's ironmonger's shop in Wigan yesterday for ail" When charged with the offence prisoner replied "I was doing nothing when you c .me to me."—lhe Chief Constable informed the Bench that the offence oltts known as the " ring-dropping " trick, and the prisoner had tried to make Mr. Green think that he was getting A good bargain. The ring was only a common one. and worth about one penny.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. THEFT FROM WHITECROREI WORAB.—A man. named Ed- ward Cordon, of 18, Wellington-street, was charged with baying stolen from t,-e Whitecross Works, Milner-street, on the 6th inst.. a quantity of steel billets, value 155.„ the pro- perty of that firm —The Chief Constable stated that Mr. PH- kington, contract or, employed the prisoner on the previous Friday to remove some rubbish in a cut from the Whitecross Works, to a tip in liattershv-larte. Whilst proceeding along this lsne2.Xr. Pilkington met the prisoner, and thought the cart seemed to be heavily laden. He was suspicious and se t prisoner cia an errand, whi' ehe (Mr. Fillington) tipped the .rubbish. Ile then found the billets amongst the rabbish, and

===== 0002601_18951214_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROBBERY BY A WARRINGTON

CASHIER.

! Thomas Moore, late cashiet in the employ of Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, Sankey-streer, cabinet makers, was again brought before the Warrington magistrates, on Saturday, charged with having on the 29h Novem- ber stolen a bag containing £4O in gold, the property of his employers. The Head Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) said the charge against prisoner was that of stealing £4O in cash. The prisoner had been in the employ of the firm for about five months as clerk, and latterly he had had charge of the ledger. Not until recently, however, had he had charge of the cash. One of his duties was to send to the bank ' for moneys for the payment of wages. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner handed the firm's cheque to Mr. P. C. Garnett for the suns of £7O, and that young gentleman went to Parr's Bank to draw the money, atter which he returned to Sankey-street, , bringing with him £6O in gold and £lO in I silver, He counted the money in the presence of the prisoner. The prisoner also counted the money, and it was then placed in bags on the cashier's desk. After that the prisoner remarked to Mr. Garnett, jun., that he had better not leave the office until he had seen Mr. Robert Garnett. When the , prisoner returned Mr. Garnett, jun., asked him if he re- quirel him further, and the reply was " No." Young Mr. Garnett, then left the office, the prisoner being left alone with the cash. Several sums had been deducted for various purposes from the £7O brought from the bank, and £4O in gold and £lO in silver were placed in canvas bags. The prisoner was seen to leave the premises at five minutes past one ; and Mr. Philip Garnett knowing that Moore had absented himself two or three days without leave, and suspecting he was going away to drink, he followed him. He went in a roundabout way in the direction of Latchford. Part of the way the prisoner rode in a cart, the driver of which he had bailed, and part of the way he walked. Young Mr. Garnett returned to Warrington, and informed his father of the circumstances of the case. Then the police were communicated with, and the prisoner was arrested in he Bear's Paw, Frodsham, the same evening, and brought to Warrington by Detective-Sergeant Monaghan. In his possession was found upwards of £36, and £1 had been traced to the driver of a trap which prisoner bad given him as a gratuity. The prisoner was charged with the robbery, and he admitted that he had taken the money, but was sorry, and willing to reim- burse it.

The Chairman remarked that,no evideace,was needed, as the off,mce was admitted. .

Mr. R. Garnett said he had found the prisoner to be a competent man, but had only given him the position of cashier temporarily. His conduct, except with regard to the present offence, had been good, and he had not found any other misappropriations. He (Mr. Garnett) was inclined to think that the man was under the influ- ence of drink when he took the money. He, therefore hoped the Bench would deal with prisoner under the "First Offenders' Act."

Prisoner, who felt his position very acutely, said that he was sorry for what ha had done. He had been un- well, and had taken some stimulants, which had made him unconscious of what he was doing. A dishonest motive had never entered his head. He hoped the Bench would not send him to prison, or his life would be ruined. He had been separated from his wife and family, and all his friends, and it was very hard to bear. After a lengthy discussion the Chairman stated that having given careful consideration to the remarks of Mr. Garnett, they had taken as lenient a view of the case as possible, and the judgment of the Court was that prisoner should go to gaol for two months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL AND MINING NEWS.

ACHILLES GOLDFIELDS.

Investors who are in a position to take advantage of the present low prices ruling in the mining market, can- not do better than purchase the shares of the "Achilles Goldfield:, Limited. The reports lately to hand from the mines owned by this Corporation being most favour- able. The following cablegram; were received from the Managing Director at the Mines on December sth. "Stamp; started crushing November 4th. The ore we are now crushicg produces one ounce of gold per ton. Developed a fine ore body." l'he fully paid shares are now selling on the London Stock Exchange at 3s. per share and they should be bought at once as when this favourable news becomes generally known, and the retult, which is expected shortly of the first crushing is received there is sure to be a great advance upon the present price of the shares. There is a 30 stamp mill already on the property which is new working day ad night to its fullest capacity._

===== 0002601_18951214_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH SENTENCES COIMUTED.

The Home Secretary has reprieved three men under sentence of dean] at Walton Gaol, namely, William O'Neill, who killed a man at Liverp-iol,by knocking him from a window with a brick ; William Kearsley, who W3,EI convicted with the man Winstanley of the murder of Railway Detective Kidd, at Wigan ; and E iward O'Brien, who murdered his sweetheart at Liverpool. The sentences Jar° to be commuted to penal servitude for life.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

PAROCHIAL CommirrEE.—A meeting of this Commit- tee was held on Saturday afternoon' when the chair was occupied by the Rev. G. D. Wray. There were also pre- sent :—Messrs. Thomas Wright, Jeacock, Looker,Acker- ley, Barrow, and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk). The Clerk read a letter from the Loral Government Board with reference to the pollution of Halton Brook, and it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Jeacock, seconded by Mr. Ackerley, that it be again referred to the Medical Officer of Health for him to consider and advice what ought to be done with reference to Halton Brook and the alleged pollution thereof by the flow of sewage, with the view to meeting the recrtirements of the Local Government Board, and that he he requested to ask the County Medical Officer to inspect the brook and point out to him what he sug- gested shonld be done, and if he agreed to report to that effect. With regard to the cases of scarlet fever, it was resolved that inasmuch as parents would not allow their children to attend school owing to its prevalence in the township, the Medical officer of Health be requested to again consider the question of the closing of the schools, and to recommend that they be closed until the 6th of January next.—These minutes were confirmed at the minutes or the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday, on the motion of Mr. Wright, seconded by Mr. Stokes.

The population of the world averageg one hundred- and nine women to every one hundred men. Eight- ninths of the sodden deaths are those of males.

The larynx of a man in Sydney. Australia, became useless, through disease, and he lost his voice. Prof. Stuart, of the University of Sydney, made an artificial one, and it can be so regulated as to make the voice soprano, tenor, contralto, or bass, at will.

At the Manchester Assizes on Wednesday Jane Ashton, of Hollinwood,obtained a verdict in an action for breach of promise ot marriage, with £75 damages, against a farmer of the satno township named Scholes.

In the Salford Hundred Court of Record on Tuesday a young woman named Buckley obtained a verdict, with £5O damages, in an action for breach of promise of marriage against George Henry Matti, a pork butcher. The parties live at Harpurhey.

DIEM, ANIMALS and FISH STUFFhD, and mounted I/ in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and 11ORN3 mounted also fur Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer.in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shane, Stags' Heads. Cabinets Store Boxes. Nets, Ac. for Butterfly and Beg Collectors.—B. COOKE, Naturalist. and Furrier, 21, Benanaw-street, Liverpool. Hafahlished over 21 years.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TITF A MINER., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1895.

FOOTBA6-14,

EO. G. BUSSEY & CO., are the lea.ling makers of appli- ances for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sports and Games,also for Gymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue m cv be obtained from Local Dealers or the SPORTS MANUFACTORY. London S.E.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL. THE NORTHERN UNION. WARRINGTON v. MANNINGHAM.

The first fixture between the above mentioned teams was played off on Saturday at Manningham. The kick off was timed from 2.45 p.m., and consequently a very early start had to be made from Warrington, the team leaving at ten o'clock. The weather appeared to te some- what favourable at that time, but when Manchester was reached a snowstorm came on,and from that point up to Yo,rkshire, it came down in thick flakes. When the border was crossed however, the snow stopped falling, and the sun shone out, which led the players to believe that after all, they would not have a bad day. On reaching the Manningham ground which rejoices in the name of Valley Parade, these hopes were very rudely dashed to the ground. A large number of men had ben employed to cart off the snow, with the result that when this operation was completed, the ground resembled a swamp. Thera was scarcely a blade of grass to be seen, and had the game been played on a ploughed field, the conditions would not have been much worse. One spot in particular, and this was where the players operated most frequently was a veritable quag- mire. Needless to say,the state at the ground completely spoiled any open play, and the game was a scramble from beginning to end. The plights into which tho players fell, and the sights they exhibited when they had been " grounded " caused endless delight to the specta- tors who were most good humored throughout. War- rington were minus Barber, Broady, Nevins, and Swift, their places being occupied by O'Brien, Carey, A. N. Other, and Fairhurst. A. N. Other proved to be Clark and he for the first time this season played half back for the first team. Manninghain were also without the ser- vice of Lorimer their full back, Sunderland one of their halves, and Clegg a forward, but the plsyers in their places played a very good game, Brown being especially safe at full back. There were about 2,000 spectators present during the course of the match, and the follow- ing were the players on either side : Warrington : Heesom, full back ; Burton, Cross, O'Brien,and Carey, three quarters; floughton and Clark, half backs ; Burrows, Andrews, Barrett, Hill, Taylor, Wilcock, and Fairhurst, forwards. Manningham Brown, full back ; Tolson, Pickles, Atkinson and Needham, three quarters ; Newton and Williamson, half backs; Barraclough, Wilson, Wilkinson, Bamford, Bradley, Froctor, Whiteoak and Padgett, forwards.

Barraclough kicked off and in response, Houghton and Hill dribbled to the centre where Pickles securing sent in touch. From the line out Manningham made consider- able progress but were penalised for off-side play. Cross took the kick but Brown's response more than counter- balanced the advan'age gained thereby. A free kick now fell to Newton which put Manningham on the offensive, and a flying kick came in the direction of Heesom. The latter managed to secure it but being hard pressed by the opposing forwards, he made a mis- kick, and the ball went over the Warrington goal line. The scow which was pretty thick at this point, pre- vented the ball from going over the dead tall line before Whiteoak touched it down, and thus a very lucky try fell to the Valles, Paraders after only two minutes play. Proctor failed to kick a goal. From the kick out by Cross, the Manningham forwards came down the field in a body with the ball, and when the quarter flag was reached, Wilkinson must have thought he was in his own quarters, for he gave the ball a tremendous kick which, of course, Rent it dead. Cross again kicked out, and Clark met Brown's return by a fine dribble to centre but he found Pickles a stumbling block, and the latter sent the ball in touch near the 25 flag. O'Brien secured immediately afterwards, but his kick was returned with interest by Brown, but by a sudden effort, Warrington at length got to the opposite end of the field chiefly by the exertions of Burton, Houghton and Barrett. The finest play of the afternoon, however, again gave Man- ningham the advantage for Newton securing from a scrimmage passed to Williamson, he to Pickles, and afterwards to Atkinson and Needham who passed and repassed, and the latter appeared to have the line at his mercy, when Heesom pluckily rushed up, and brought him to the ground. The movement was deservedly applauded, and Heesom salso deserved the highest credit for this frustrat- ing what seemed a certain score. An injudicious kick by one of the Warrington forwards enabled White- oak to make his mark in a favourable position, but Barraclough failed to kick a goal. Pickles again made his mark after the drop out in a still more favourable position, but Barraclough was again unable to put the oall over the crossbar. Soon after the drop out,Newton made a grand run right through the Warrington team. but fortunately Burton was able to push him into touch before he was actually dangerous. Tlais was followed by a fine dribble by Hill, Burrows and Tayler,and Brown only just prevented Warrington from scoring by the merest shade. From now to half time play was very even, and Manningham crossed over with the score of one try to nil in their favour.

Hill restarted the game and exchange kicking between Brown, Houghton, Needham, Heesom, Brown, and Cross ended in favour of the homesters. Barrett tackled Newton immediately afterwards just as he was getting off, and fleesom also distinguished himself by a kick into touch while surrounded by opponents, and War- rington began to attack to some purpose. Things looked promising for Warrington when a passing movement initiated by Clark and taken part in by Cross and Carey took place, but the latter was unable to pass Tolson. From the ensuing scrimmage, Barrett gained consider- able ground by a kick and follow up by means of Which he tackled Atkinson before he could get his kick in. After a prolonged visit to the Matsningham lines, the P4rader woke up, and by means chiefly of Newton and Needham, they once more crossed the centre line but Houghton was a little too alert and tackled well. Another mark fell to Tolson who tried a drop at goal but this was a failure and only resulted in a minor. The ball was sent over the line after the drop out and Cross touched down, but by some means or other the ball went out of Cross's possession and Williamson dashing up gained a try. The referee, however, rightly ruled against him,and only a minor was allowed. Warring- ton again had a look in by means of passes between Houghton, Cross, Burton. and O'Brien but the latter spoiled the sequence by failing to bold the ball and a good chance was lost. Manningham again came to the fore, and Clark just touched down, in time. From the drop out Warrington again attacked and Thornton had hard lines from following up the kick, and a moment later, Burrows, Hill, and Houghton, indu'ged in a passing movement in the home three quarters,and had anyone been to hand to receive Hough- ton's pass a score would certainly have ensued./is it was, he was tackled from behind only a short distance from the line. From now to the close the game was slightly to the advantage of Warrington, but neither side had any more chances of scoring, and thus Warrington lost by a try scored two minutes from the commencement of the game. Heesom was very safe with the exception of his one mistake, and by his plucky play he averted danger on frequent occasions. Burton and Cross were the best of the threequarters, though the wing players had not much to do. Clark and Houghton played well together, while the famous Manningham forwards were not very far ahead of Warrington. Taken as a whole the game was very even, and the result to have been in ac- cordance with the game, ought to have been a pointless draw. RUNCORN v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS.

At Brighouse on Saturday. Fears were entertained as to whether the match would be played owing to the heavy fall of snow. An inspection was made by the re- feree and the two captains, and the former at once de- clared the ground unfit,fully three inches of snow being upon it. However, the Runcorn captain consented to play a competition match,rather than put the Brighouse Club to the expense of bringing the Runcorn team again. It was 20 minutes past three when the teams entered the enclosure. It was noticed that Brighouse were short of Abbey, Lewis, and Brooke, whilst the only alteration on the Runc,rn side was Williams, in place of F.Gayter,in the forwards. Faulkner having lost the toss, he kicked off up the incline. Croft returned, and no re- ply being made, the first pack was formed in the Run- corn 25. The Cestrians soon got to work, and J.Faulk- ner and Pendleburr initßted a bout of passing which Anderton stayed. A free kick to Brighouse gave relief, butßobinson made a splendid run,and fairly beating the opposing centres, passed to Myers on the line, and the latter in endeavouring to get further round was pushed into touch when in the act of grounding. From the res- ponse to the drop our, Jagge kicked well, and he and EArnshaw following up caused the game to be waged in the Runcorn quarters. A flying kick by Anderton further improved, but the Runcorn forwards quickly drove them back. Scrimmaging ensued at centre, where the ball seal passed to 'Nichol, who missed fielding the leather, and Warder racing up took play to the Brighouse , line. A hot attack was kept up, the Runcorn backs eliciting applause for a splendid passing movement which found the homesters plenty of work. Ross brought relief, but Myers quickly retaliated with a run half the length of the field, but slipped when looking all over a scorer. Schofield and Nichol dribbled down, and a flying kick sent the ball over the Runcorn line, p,but Warder racing up kicked dead. Warder and Myers raised the siege,but Waddington replied with a judicious kick, and a moment later, from a kick by Ross, Robinson ran to the centre. The Runcorn forwards screwed finely and hand to har d passing by them carried play right up to the Brighouse lines. Caldwell and Sugden dribbled through, and a concerted rush cf the Tykes removed the ball to neutral quarters. Half time arrived with the score sheet blank. Wood restarted the second half, and Brighouse at once took up a position in the Runcorn half,' hut it was only momentary, for the Runcorn forwards ing with a big rush compelled Hyghes to touch down. I e, The kick out brought no relief to the homesters, and

WHAT CAN CUTICURA DO FOR CEHLDREN ? Everything that is cleansing, putifying, and beautify- ing for the skin, Pc tlp,and hair of infants and children CIITICURA. remedies will do. They afford instant relief, permit rest and slesp,and point to a speedy cure in the most torturing of itching and burning eczemas. They clear the kin of the most disfiguring of humours. They cleanse the scalp of dandruff, scales, and crusts, and re- store the hair. They purify the blood of simple' scroful- ous, and herditary humours. Everything about them inspires confidence. They are absolutely pure and may be used from the moment of birth. They are speedy, economical, and unfailing. Parents, think of the life- time of suffering often entailed by lack of early treat ment. Begin now. Cures made in childhood are al- most invariably permanent.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
passing by the Cestrians was responded to by the sure tackling of the Tykes. Nichol came away by a pass by Ross, and kicked over the Runcorn line, but Butterworth discreetly touched down. A permanent attack was set up by the Runcornians, and followinz a lot of pressure Pendlebury charged down a kick by Ross and raced over and grounded the ball, but being covered with snow it slipped from under him, and the referee only gave a minor, However, the Runcornians were in no way daunted, but attacked with renewed vigour. The concluding portion of the game with darkness fast approaching was fought out in chs>se proximity to the home lines. The game eventually ended in a draw.

WIDNES v. BRADFORD.

At Widnes on Saturday in boisterous weather. Widnes had their full strength but Cooper and Dobson were short from the visitors' team. William Sugden started for Bradford, who went straight away towards Widnes end, Golding returning the compliment with a clean I punt. There was a quick run immediately made to Smith's charge, that player being almost beaten, Booth kicking outside. Johnson collared his man, and Drum- ' mond receiving initiated a good run, but progress was barred a few yards from Bradford's line, Bairstow com- ing to the rescue. For a brief interval the venue was changed. Golding kept the ball too long, thus giving the Yorkshiremen an opportunity, which, however, Brennan promptly neutralised. Widnes proved capable at defence, and after a few dangerous rushes had been effectually dwelt with Drummond got the leather away, H. Peters earning a round of applause for a smart, though fruitless, run. Passing by the Bradford backs recovered for a moment the lost ground, but a return was badly taken by one of the visitors. The game was hotly contested in Bradford quarters, and on two conse- cutive occasions Smith and Crompton both kicked into touch. A free kick to Widnes missed scoring by the merest chance, the ball hanging in the air against the goal, and finally falling right under the posts. This was distinctly hard lines, and shortly afterwards H. Peters experienced hard luck in failing to get over. Half time —Widnes nil, Bradford nil. The second half play was in favour of the visitors. Hail descended heavily, and several flashes of lightning did not add comfort to the proceedings. Widnes defended sternly, but eventually Walter Sugden got through, Bairstow failing at goal. Cheered by this success Bradford renewed the attack, and a muddle by Golding almost let them in, Murphy and Nevitt coming to the rescue. Bradford got through again, Bairstow converting. They also secured a dropped goal, and won by one goal, one dropped goal, one try, twelve points, to nil.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE

The first meeting of representatives of these counties, under the auspices of the above union, took place at Oldham on Saturday, before 10,030 spectators. The ground was covered with snow, overwise the arrange- ments were most complete. There was no alteration in the Lancashire team, and only one in the Yorkshire ranks. Varley started on behalf of Lancashire, and Lor- rimer returned finely to touch. Lees came away from touch, but Lorimer returned, Barber again assisting in carrying play into Yorkshire territory. Wood and Rigg were now conspicuous, and from the latter's kick Varley punted to Lorrimer, who returned finely, and Hurst failing to gather the ball, a short kick landed t e ball into Winstanley's hands, the player standing on the line. His return was charged by Hughes, and the latter bad no difficulty in obtaining Yorkshire's first try, Lorrimer falling at goal, On resuming, Varley checked an aggres- sive Yorkshire movement, but Firth replied with inter- est, and scrimmaging of a desperate character ensued. A pass by Rigg to Wood gave the latter a chance to score, but he lost the ball when a yard from the line. Bonsor came away with a rush, and Lorri- mer luckily replying, Winstanley was again at fault, and the Lancashire line was placed in j ,ipardy. Long kicking gave the Tykes an advantage, and Winstanley was grassed near the line. From the scrimmage Rigg dashed over, and though tackled grounded the ball, Sharpe improving the try. Lancashire then rushed away and forced a minor, following which Boothroyd rounded the backs, only to be brought down by Win- stanley in grand style. Firth then contributed a beau- tiful run, and the smart work of the Yorkshire halves, coupled with the fine display of their forwards, com- pletely outplayed their, opponents. After a spell of defence the Lancashire fotwards burst away, Unsworth dribbling to midfield, but half-time arrived with York- shire leading by eight points to nil. Rigg resumed after the interval, and Winstanley being again at fault Booth- royd was given a chance, and was only tackled a few inches from the line. The Yorkshireman was injured, and Dunkin took his place. A fine movement between Chapman and Lees landed the ball to Hurst, who was, however, run into touch by Rigg. A mark gave Firth a chance for gaol, but Chapman relieved, and Lancashire pressed until Wood changed the venue to half-way. Yorkshire's superiority, however, soon asserted itself, and Rigg made a dash for the home goal, but Chapman managed to kick the ball dead. Passing between Chapman, Lees, and Barber gave the latter a chance, and the Warrington quarter almost landed a goal. Chapman again missed a great opportunity by not pass- ing to Hurst, who was just behind, and the Yorkshire forwards made another incursion into Lancashire's territory. The home forwards dribbled back to half-way and Brooke made a strong run in reply,but his final pass was not accepted. Eventually play settled down in neu- tral quarters,and time was soon afterwards called. Final result : Yorkshire,one goal and one try (eight points) ; Lancashire: nil. Teams : Lancashire, W. Winstanley (Wigan), hack ;F. Barber (Warrington), S Lees (Old- ham), H. C. Chapman (Broughton Rangers), and J. Hurst (Oldham), three-quarter backs ; H Varley,and A. Lees (Oldham), half backs ; W. Unsworth (Wigan), E. Bonsor (Oldham), W. Briers (s 4. Helens), W. Nevins (Warrington), J. Worthington (Tyldesley), J. Yates (Wigan), T. Clementson (Broughton Rangers), and Hill (Rochdale Hornets), forwards. Yorkshire : G. E. Lori- mer (Manningham), back ; B. Sharpe (Liversedge), L. Brooke (Brighouse Rangers). Boothroyd (Huddersfield). and F. Firth (Halifax), three-quarter backs ; A. Rigg (Halifax), and R. Wood (Liversedge), half backs; N. Sutcliffe (Fladdersfield), Donkin (Hull), Walton (Wake- field), J. Riley (Halifax). 0. Walsh (Hunslet), T. H. Hughes (Brighouse), F. Clegg (Manningham), and R. Greig (Leeds), forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Bruckshaw. Stockport; touch judges, Messrs. H. Sewell and J. E. Warren.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTRERN RUGBY UNION.

On Monday night a special general meeting of the Union was held at the George Hotel, Huddersfield, for the purpose of considering certain proposed amendments of the laws of the game.—Mr. J. E. Warren, Warrington, presided.—W. Nicholson, on behalf of the Halifax Club, referring to the proposed amendment of a rule which stood ha his name and which read as follows :—" The Rugby game of football as played by the Northern Rug- by Football Union should be played by 13 players on each side and to coasist of 6 forwards, 2 half backs, 4 three-quarter backs, and 1 full back," asked if he might be allowed to take the first part of the rule up to the word "side" and move that. He contended that it would lessen the expenses of travelling, insurance, and would be better for the half backs, referees, and specta- tors, and would have a tendency to dispense with a cer- tain amount of rough play. He held that fifteen players was too large a number, and it was thought by the great majority of people that thirteen would have a ten- dency to make the game more open.—Mr. Platt a ked Mr. Nicholls if he would withdraw the latter part of the resolution.—Mr. Nicholl assented, and Mr. Hutchity on seconded the resolution in its altered farm.—After dis- cussion the resolution was defeated by 18 to nine votes. —Mr. Nicholl then proposed to add ta rule 11 an addi- tional penalty in the shape of a free kick "for a deliber- ate knock-on."—Mr. Fattorini seconded, and it was carried by 22 to 4. In the Northern Union rules there is a rule in force that a half-back shall be considered off side if he gets into line with the last of his own forwards in a scrimmage.—Mr. Underwood (Wigan), now pro- posed an amendment to the effect that the word first be substituted for the word last in sub-section j, rule 11.— Mr. Fallorun (Nottingham), seconded the resolution.— Mr. Hutchinson strongly opposed the amendment. After discussion, only three voted for the amendment and it was lost.—Mr. oewell (Leeds) proposed a new rule to the effect that lines out should be abolished, and scrimmages ten yards from the line allowed instead. Mr. Jowett (Manningham) seconded the proposal, but after consi- dekable discussion, it was negatived by 18 votes to 10. Mr. Fallas (Wakefield) proposed that on a scrimmage being formed the ball should be put in on the side where the referee was standing. Mr. Smith (Widnes) seconded the proposal, and it was agreed to by a very large majority. This concluded the meeting. After tea a meeting of the Committee was held, Mr. H. Waller presiding. An application was made by J. Forsyth, late of the Huddersfield Club, to be allowed to play in Northern Rugby Union matches, and it was re- solved that the application be acceded to.

WARRINGTON " A " v. L. & N. W. Loco's hr.—These two local teams played on the Wilderspool ground on Saturday afternoon, before a few spectators. The visitors kicked off, and Foden com- menced to pass when the ball fell into the hands of one of the Loco men but Moores soon recovered it. Lawless got possession and made for the line, but slipped into touch. A good chance for Buckley was spoiled by him being unable to pick the ball up quick enough, and it was kicked into touch. The Loco's dribbled the ball down the fi-ld close to the line, but Spruce saved with a nice kick. Lawless made an attempt to drop a goal,but he slipped and the ball missed. Sudlow made a dash for

the line, but after successfully passing his opponents, he lost possession and before be had time to recover, the ball was rushed back. Price, Hoyle and Moores took the ball close to the Loco's line, where Buckley got over, Lawless took the kick and scored a goal. Savage ran through a crowd of his opponents and made a splendid run along the field, only to be stopped by Kenwright, who saved with a good kick. The Loco's began to press during the letter part of the first half, and prevented Warrington scoring anything further. On resuming, Warrington pressed and soon afterwards were awarded a free kick, which, however, gained them nothing. The Warrington men got away with a :rush and, hovering round the glal posts,a try seemed certain,Hockenhull re- lieved with a kick,which however,was smartly taken up by Moores,who dropped a goal. The reply of the locals was instrumental in bringing the ball close in upon Spruce,and flockenhull made his mark and with his kick struck the cross bar. The game ended with the score, Warrington two goals (one dropped), Loco's nil. The players %ere :—Warrington, full Lack, Spruce, three- quarters, Buckley, Scott,Lawless and Moores. half backs Foden and Price, forwards, Scholtze, Hoyle. Monks, Hughes,Swift, Savage, Bailey and Higham. L. and N.W. Railway Loco's :—Full back, Kenwright, three-quarters Potter, Powney, Hockenhull, and McHugh, half backs Holbro,.k, and Ravbould, forwards Sudlovv, Howard, Warburton, Llewellyn, Ashbrouk, Longworth, Cunning- ham and Taylor.

RUNCORN v. WIDNES " A "TEAMS—At Runcorn On Saturday in a violent hailstorm, which quite spoiled what would have been a keen game. There was only a handful of spectators on the grcund when the teams turned out. [he ability of either coucl not be gauged, owing to the conditions under which the match was played. The play on Saturday was only of a scrambling nature, the match ending in a draw, nothing being scored. The Runcorn team forwards displayed great improvement in combination, and will yet show well in the league tables.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
AS OCIATION.

ST. ELPHIN'S V. ASPIILL CENTRAL.—At Wilderspoo Causeway on Saturday. The visitors won the toss, and Howard kicked off for the Saints, against a stiff wind. Aspull at once attacked, and through looseness of St. Elphin's backs, netted the ball in the first five minutes. This early success roused up both teams, and a splendid struggle was witnessed, the ball travelling rapidly from end to end, but the backs were generally good enough to check any efforts of the forwards, neither goal-keeper having many ,ifficult shots to stop. When the teams crossed over Aspull led by a goal. Aided by the wind the Saints now began to press, and had several ineffec- tual shies at goal, once when the goal was at their mercy shooting outside. The game proceeded on the same lines, very open, and neither side having much advant- age, though Duckworth netted the ball for the home team from a free kick, but unfortunately 'it had not touched a second player. The game ended Aspull, one goal ; Saints, nil. THELWALL V. STOCKTON BEATIL—The return match between the above clubs was brought off on Saturday at Thelvvall in stormy weather. Stockton Heath went with a weak team, and during the first half of the game the homesters had slightly the best of matters, the teams crossing over with a goal to the credit of 'Fhelwall. During the second half Stockton Heath sc•Nred twice, through Probert ond Fitwrgald, the game ending in a win for the visitors by two goals to one.

RUNCORN ASSOCIATION V. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S.— These teams met at Runcorn on Saturday in bitter weather. Neither side were fully rept esented. The final result stood—Runcorn, seven goals ; Warrington, St. Mary's, one goal.

_ RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The council met in the Board room at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Mclntyre, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. T. Baxter, C.C., J. Brandreth, J. W. Knowles, H. E. Heywood, I. Wright, J. Stokes, E. Aaron, J. Weir, J. Darbvshire, S. Woodward,T. Lewis, E. Wailington,J. B. Chadwick, J. Spruce, W. Bradford, C. E. Davenport, W. Holt, C. Roylance, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), Messrs. Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), and Mr. Far- rington (nuisance inspector).

===== 0002601_18951214_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOOTPATH ACROSS THE LOCKS AT LATCHFORD.

The Parish Council of Grappenhall called the attention of the Rural Council to the want uf proper lighting and facilities of access to the public pathway across the Latchford locks of the Ship Canal.—Mr. Branford stated that the defunct Highway Board had a great deal of cor- respondence respe;ting the pathway. The Company were bound by Act of Parliament to keep a foot road across the locks for foot passeneers. But at present the public had either to get over some railings near the locks, or walk round.—lt was decided that the Clerk write to the Canal Comp my on the matter.—Mr. Bradford secoaded, and it was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RELSBY WATER SCHEME.

A letter was read from Messrs. Putts,Potts, and Gard- ner, solicitors, to the flelsby Water Company,intlmating that the directors were agreeable that the charges to be made for the supply of cottages should be:determined by the Local Government Board and the Company were willing to pay a sum not exceeding £5 towards the cost of the contribution.—The Clerk was instructed to write to the solicitors of the Company that their offer was not as originally arranged. The Authority would be unable to take action unless they had a scale of prices submitted to them previously.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPROVEMENTS AT HELSBY.

A report of the committee to consider several matters at Heleby was submitted. They recommended that that part of the sewer from Ebenezer Terrace be piped, and that the sewer from Mrs. Pritchard's property be con- nected therewith. A deputation from the lielsby Athle- tic Club waited upon the committee, and they recom- mended that Mr. Diggle, the surveyor, be requested to prepare an estimate of the cost of filling up a deep cess- pool on the field they required, of laying a sewer, and if necessary constructing a settling tank at a point near to the railway, and that such estimate be submitted to the Athletic Club,and they be requested to state how far they would be prepared to meet the District Council with regard to the cost. With regard to the disused quarry, the Inspector was instructed to ascertain the owner,and give notice to abate the nuisance by the erec- tion of a fence. READJUSTMENT OF ()Mews' DUTIES.

The Chairman moved the adoption of the report of the committee appointed to consider the question of the readjustment of the duties of the Inspector of Nuisances and the surveyors. It showed that on the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded Ly Mr. Woodward, and it was recommended that the Rural District of Runcorn be divided into two sub-districts for sanitary purposes,and that one of them be assigned to Mr. Farrington and the other to Mr. Swinton ; also that Mr. Swinton be relieved of the duties of surveyor of highways, and that Mr. Diggle be appointed surveyor of the whole district ; and that the proposals be submitted to the several parochial committees.---The recommendation was approved of.

THE SHIP CANAL SLUICES.

Mr. Aaron drew attention to the fact that it was the intention of the Manchester Ship Canal Company to apply for power to close the tidal sluices of the canal. It would seriously affect several townships in their union and he thought a committee should be appointed to con- sider the matter.—Dr. Adams said that the bill it passed would affect materially the sewers in some townships.— Mr. Hey wood said the Parish Councils of the townships affected had received notice of the intentions of the Ship Canal Company. The Parish Council of Frodsham re- ferred the matter to the District Council in the hope that steps would be taken to safeguard the interests of the townships affected. He proposed that the following form *committee to consider the question :—Messrs. Knowles, Mclntyre, Chadwick, Williams, Heywood, Brandreth, Wright, Baxter, Woodward, Stokes. and Aaron.—Mr. Chadwick seconded, and it was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams reported that scarlet fever had become epidemic in Halton. Thirteen cases in all had been re- ported to him, affecting seven houses. The disease appeared mainly to have been propagated through school infection, and as it was so near Christmas holi- days, and several fresh cases had been reported since his last visit he recommended that the schools be clbsed until the usual holidays would commence. One case of scarlet fever had occurred at Sevenoaks, one at Batton, and one at Moore, one case of diphtheria had occurred at Frodsham Lordship, and three cases of scarlet fever had just been reported to him at Frodsham.—The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Wright.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF KiNGSLET.

Mr. Woodward wished to know whether a report had been prepared as to the general health and sanitary state of Kingsley, for which he gave notice at the last meeting.—Dr. Adams said he had forgotten all about it • —Mr. Farrington said as regarded the sanitary condi- tion it was as good as any of the townships in the Union. —Dr. Adams said he could say verbally that since the last epidemic of scarlet fever he had only once been to Kingsley.—Mr. Woodward said be would ask for a report to be presented at the next meeting. The reason he desired it was that a rumour had gone forth ; and was being diligently circulated that Kingsley was very un- healthy and in an unsanitary state. If it was not so, he thought a public refutation should be made.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
INSANITARY ROUSES AT WESTON POINT.

Mr. Farrington reported with reference to the privies on certain property at Weston Point. Be had seen the agent regarding them, and he promised to have them attended to at once. They were still in an unsanitary condition, and he suggested that the agent be given 48 hours notice to remedy the nuisance,and in the event of non-compliance, legal proceedings be taken,—Tho, report was adopted.—Mr. Aaron moved that notice be served, and spoke of the shocking condition the privies gwe in. —Mr. Chadwick seconded, and corroborated what had been said.

Medical authorities assert that crying is the chief aim best exercise for young children, and one hospital super- ntendent says that a healthful baby should cry three or our times a day at least,and from ten to fifteen minutes t a time.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting 'of this Board was held in tk e Board room at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon Mr. J. W. Knowles occupied the chair, and in addition to the members of the Runcorn Council being present, there were :—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Rev. J. S. Simpson, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., T. Lea, S. Yarwood, A. R. Norman, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), and Mr. Cunnah (workhouse master).

===== 0002601_18951214_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TREATMENT OF TRAMPS.

A copy of a resolution was submitted from the Wolver- hampton Union which they had passed, asking the Local Government Board to amend or alter the regulations with respect to casual paupers so as to provide for differ- ent treament of bona-fide working men leaving their places of residence far some other defined locality in search of employment. It was decided to support the resolution.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF SCHOOL MISTRESS.

Miss Clapworthy, of Exeter, was appointed school- mistress at the workhouse, Dutton, on the motion of Mr. Brandreth, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. Heywood presented the report of the Finance Committee, and stated that the calls due on the 15th November had been paid in a great many of the town- ships. The following places, however, had not paid their calls :—Alvanley, Antrobus, Appleton, Bartington, Bud- worth, Grappenhall, Hatton, Helsby, Kingsley, Kings. wood, Latchford, Moore, Newton-by-Frodsham, Norley, Freston-o'th-Hill, Whitley Superior, and Frodsham. He suggested that the Clerk write to these townships urging them to pay their calls as early as possible.—Mr. Wood. ward seconded the adoption of the report, and it was carried.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED BURIAL SCANDAL.

Mr. Stokes gave a report of the committee appointed to consider the alleged burial scandal at Sutton. He said the members of the committee present were Mr. Wallington, Mr. Wright, and himself. A letter was re- ceived from Mr. Heywood stating his inability to be present in consequence of illness. The committee went fully ints the matter, and had faur witnesses before them. He was sorry to say they were unable to bring a report as one member did not agree, and that was Mr. Wallington. The statement that the body was laid in the coffin with a rope round it was without foundation. The chief complaint was that the body was buried with- out being washed. They found that to be the case, but upon inquiry there were reasons given for doing so. The Contractor made coffins for the workhouse and all he had to do was to make them and deliver them at the workhouse. Hie one at Sutton was a special case. He received information from Mr. Cooke to put the body in the coffin and wash it. It appeared that the man was very clean as regarded his bands and face, and as none of the relatives put in an appearance, the body was put in the coffin with the clothes on. The contractor had no option but to bury him with his clothes on or in a nude condition, as no expense was allowed by the authority for the purchase of a shroud. He (Mr. Stakes) thought it was time that the authority recommended that some provision be made for a shroud or something of that kind in such cases. He thought the contractor acted wisely under the circum- stances. But at the same time the contractor had received instructions that the body should be washed. There was another charge brought forward, but with respect te this the evidence given was rather contradic- tory.—Mr. Wallington said he quite agreed with what Mr. Stokes had said about the allegation respecting the rope being tied round the man. He (Mr. Wallington) had been misled with regard to that matter. The four witnesses who gave evidence almost all agreed in saying that the body was pressed into the coffin owing to it being too small, and that in consequence, the coffin was split on one side. A wisp of straw was put under the man's head for want of a hotter pillow, and not only that, but the undertaker did not measure the man for the coffin, and also forgot to bring some screws with him from Halton. When he got to the place with the coffin be asked if anyone had got some screws, or nails would do.—Mr. Yarwoed (in- terrupting) expressed the opinion that the statement was being far fetched. There were thousands of cases where the coffin lids were nailed down.—Mr. Wallington (continuing) said he did not think it was far fetched. One person had told him that she would have only been too willing to have laid the deceased out, and have found everything necessary. He thought it was a disgraceful manner in which the deceased was forced into the coffin. —Mr. Wright stated that the contractor got his in- formation respecting the size of the coffin from the police sergeant. He made the coffin as he thought, and he had told them that the coffin was too large. The man was not pressed in the coffin at all. Of the witnesses who said that the coffin was burst, one said it was on one side, and another on the other. Ile (Mr. Wright) saw the Rev. Dr.Gastaldi who buried the man, and he told him that he saw no marks on the coffin. He also saw Mr. Yarwood's man who drove the hearse, and who had plenty of time to see the coffin, and he said he saw no cracks. He (Mr. Wright) did not blame Mr Wallington for bringing the matter forward, for if his informants told the truth there was certainly a scandal. That about the rope was certainly not true, and as to having a wisp of straw under the man's head,he saw no- thing objectionable in that. With regard to the man being buried in his clothes, there were hundreds buried in that manner.—Mr. Wallington said they had four witnesses before them, and two or three of them took their oath that the coffin was split on one side.—Dr. Gastaldi sal he saw nothing wrong with the coffin: it looked a decen one, and in no way a disgrace.—Mr. Baxter wished to know why the deceased was buried at a greater expense than any ordinary pauper. He understood it cost some- thing over £3 to bury the man, in consequence of treat- ing him other than an ordinary pauper He thought the man might have been buried at Ashton or Little Leigh.—Mr. Heywood suggested and ultimately moved that a letter be sent from the Board to the relieving offi- cers and undertaker,calling their attention to the matter and asking them to ' exercise a little more caution in future with regard to pauper burials.—Mr. Woodward seconded.—Mr. Wallington moved as an amendment that another committee be formed to inquire into the matter. —Mr. Brandreth thought that no charge had been brought against the relieving officer.—Mr. Stokes seconded the amendment.—Mr. Baxter said their re- lieving officer was exempt from blaine,and If the resolu- tion were passed it would look as if he had done some- ' thing wrong.—Mr. Roylance having cited a similar burial case at Moore some time ago, the resolution was carried.—Mr. Wallington expressed the opinion that the ratepayers of Sutton would not be satisfied with the way the matter had been treated. This concluded the business.

Paderewski's concert in Carnegie flall,New York, is said to have brought into the box office the BUM of one thousand one hundred and thirty pounds. Inasmuch as the expenses of the concert can- not have exceeded one hundred and thirty pounds, Paderewski's share for his night!s work was over one thousand pounds, which is more than Jean de Reszli6, with his salary and percentage, or even Mine. Patti, has made in a single night.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- dinary Postage up to

===== 0002601_18951214_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 am.

4-0 a.m.

515 am

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1-50 a.ni

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 pm. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m

===== 0002601_18951214_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
"Ordinary Postage. 5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18951214_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Bxtris

10-35 Lug

5-40 „

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXEe

ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS :

RIZEIVING HOUSE— *Earlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

StrriDA". 4-30 P•o3'

S MS-OFFICES .Ashton Collins Green "Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. ad 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 9.m• "These are Telegraph

9-55 lt•Tir* Nil. Nil. Nil- Nil- J-55 5.111. 10-30 a.m.

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-at., Go'borne _ _

Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m. 12 noon, 2lc p.m. _

6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

------- Lowton Chapel

Lowton Corn...mon ...... (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

NU. . 10-15 a.m.. Nil.

at Barle- Parcels are despatched from the Receiving office the town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ; from all Sub-0111Ces at time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:— To I Callers.

BY Postn___lt2l2l

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign Loudon and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S. .East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot, Wigan, Orms- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- wton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton. & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Wooiston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 ~ 10.45 , 11-30 }ll-45 12-0

11-30 Lill'

12-15 p.m.

3-15 In'

6-45 A.o2*

8-30 .. 1 7-0 a.m. Next dis 7 9-15 „

Anecdotes innumerable are fold of the late G. A • Sala, but the following story of early day—YB of hard and honourable struggle—in the life ot the great journalist,has I think(writes a correspondent never been published. It was at some festive gathering. Mr. Sala was there. and so was Mr. At- tenborough, the famour pawnbroker. They recog- nised each other, and shook hands. " How do YOU do, Mr. Attenborough," said the journalist. We have met before, but I think this is the tirzt time I have ever seen your legs."

2-20 P• 02;

===== 0002601_18951214_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 "

===== 0002601_18951214_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
With Mara- )llalfpenui Stamp

N o extr

===== 0002601_18951214_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18951214_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.-

===== 0002601_18951214_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
5 B.rn• Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

Actually the first discussion that took place at the last Town Council meeting of Warrington was Upon a subject that was not" on the minutes." It transpired, however, that there was sufficient explanation for the unexpected indulgence of the Mayor in tolerating a seemingly informal debate. This particular subject was, it is true,uot mentioned •on the printed minutes, but it appears that there are minutes and minutes connected with the Com- Mittees of Warrington Town Council. Some of the Minutes are printed and made public, others are not printed and are as a rule kept private. It was a subject mentioned in one ot the unprinted minutes of the Finance and Estate Committee that Alderman Sutton referred to when he alluded to the tempor- ary lettin:. for business purposes of the shop at the foot of Bridge-street which was formerly occupied by the late R. W. Marsh, but which has now been acquired by the Corporation. The Alderman argued that the re-lettiug of these premises by the Finance Com- Mittee was unfair to tradesmen in the immediate neighbourhood and he urged that it should be dis- continued. This view of the matter was strongly supported by Councillor Davies and Counciitur Pierpoint. The former seemed inclined to charge the Corporation with a breach ot faith with the tradesmen who bought laud in Bridge-street after the widening of tile street, because they had not Pulled Marsh's shop down before now ; and Mr. Pierpoint thought the Corporation was acting a rather unjust and mean part in encouraging " mock auctions ' for the sake of making three pounds a 'week. . The committee found defenders in Coun- Cillor Ilephero and Councillor Shaw Green, the Chairman. Mr. Ilepherd said the delay in pulling the shop down was due to what he vaguely termed a "financial matter," and Councillor Green took the ground that the committee were, so long as they had the property under their control, bound to make the best of it in the interests of the rate- Payers. In the end the action of the committee Was approved by the Council.

The subject which ilex.. excited the talkative faculties of some of the councillors was the pro- posal ot the Sanitary Works Committee to borrow ,435,000 for extensions at Longford depot. Mr. ' Monk-, the chairman of the committee, explained that it was not intended to 1168 the money at once, but that the application for power to borrow hat to be made to tile Local Government Board now, or a delay of twelve months would be csused.He added that there would have to be a Local Government Board inquiry into the application, and that nothing would be spent before a detailed Scheme of the extension had been laid before the Council. Counciller Smethurst then again assumed the familiar role of the austere euonumist. tie did not deny that extensions were necessary at Longford, nor that money would have to be spent in making those extensions, but the round sum of £15,000 was evidently more than he could swallow all at once. He pleaded that it bight b- cut down to £lO,OOO, because he had found from experience that committees had a fatal habit ut sprii,A I lig all that they had power to spend, and more sometimes. Councillor Woods objected to £75 a piece being given for horses, but later on Councillorßoberts in dealing with this point argued that good horses were the cheapest in the end,and be suggested that the Warrington Corporation, like some other Corporations, should take a pride in the horses it turned out. In dealing with Mr. Sme- thurst's speech,Mr. Roberts pointed out that owing to the increasing demands made upon the Long- ford Depot, extensions were absolutely necessary. Councillor Monks having replied upon the debate, _ _ .

and again assured the Council that no money would be spent without its sanction, the minutes of the Committee were confirmed.

As might have been expected a matter of so muck importance as the proposed new sewer to deal with the sewerage of Stockton Heath was not allowed to pass without comment. Councillor Davies spoke Modestly and discreetly but firmly upon this ques- tion. He did not like the idea of bring- ing the sewage of Stockton Heath into the boroir4h for the purpose of being dis- charged into the river, and he had a counter scheme of his own which he explained. though the explanation was not conspicuously lucid. He was

tot sure whether his own scheme was prac- ticable or not, and be was quite prepared to be satisfied with the borough surveyor's Plan if it was the only practicable one. Both Coun- cillor Roberts and Councillor Monks also saw objec- tions to the proposal of the cDnimittee, chiefly on the ground that the outlet would be near to houses at River-road,and they suggested that some further consideration might be given to the matter. An explanation was afterwards given by the Borough surveyor, who pointed out the objections to the alternative schemes, and after Alderman Wright tad stated that the Council were not definitely Pledged to any plan the subject dropped.

'The business ot the meeting was brought to a Close with a lively little debate over the resolution of the General Purposes Committee to prohibit the use of any part of the Drill Hall for committee rooms at elections. Alderman Sutton said the re solution was directed against the use of a room by the Conservatives, and he moved that it be not con- firmed by the Council. The amendment was seconded by Mr.Smethurst, who declared that the Liberals might use another room in the Hall, hut the Mayor discounted this amiable suggestion by the remark that half-a-dozen-policemen would be necessary to look after the rival parties. The debate was continued in an amicable spirit, the ro os t pointed contribution being that of Councillor Plimpton, who declared that in at least one in- stance he knew of a voter going direct from the polling booth into the Conservative committee rooms. In the end Alderman Sutton withdrew his aniendment and the resolution was passed.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
tENEFIT NIGHT AT THE WARRING-

TON CIRCUS.

PRESENTATION TO MR. OFIMY. On Wednesday last week there was a crowded attend- 'Mee at Mr. Ohmy's Circus,Queen-street, as the occasion Was set apart for the benefit of the popular proprietor. itn exceptionally good programme had been compiled and everything had been done to make the occasion the auccess which it turned out to be. Among, those present Were the Mayor and Mayoress and Mr. T. alorris. The lengthy programme commenced with one of Mr. Met- calfe's self-composed overtures, after which Claud Iphrny displayed several riding feats. Two clowns, the brothers Almers,gave a wonderfully dexterous perform- ance with a large felt sombrero. Miss Lizzie put the Derforming horse •'Birkenhead " through his paces and Young Bonfantie performed on the tight wire in an accomplished manner. The mad poet on horseback was acted in an amusing manner by Mr. Walker, and Mons. laYados as a juggler per formed tricks of dexterity with. Out end, a number of them being with a 221 b cannon- Miss Ada Rooke displayed graceful barebacked V.uing, while Dickey, the clown, had a comic act all to unnself. An amusing feature of the entertainment was the introduction to the ring of an unrideable mule which 17,..atious youthful members of the audience endeavoured master—of course without success. The brothers Altneros gave a skilful globe-roiling show, following Which Mr. Ohmy performed his sensational mid-air feats tnd was presented with a handsome bouquet. Richmond .ttnii, a bare-backed rider of repute also performed, and olr. Harry Dale, the popular prince of jesters recited a Weverly-cornposed combination of the signs of the hotels and public-houses in Warrington. Clement Scott's s' Dover Express" was als,s delivered by him in an elo leent manner. Perhaps the most striking feature of the Whole entertainment was the acrobatic display by the Leopoldo, a troupe of nine lady and gentlemen acrobats, atYled with some reason " the best show on earth," for their skill and strength is undoubted. Miss Sheridan lanced very nicely a Highland jig. Other items not 119Wn on the programme, but for which prizes were Riven, were a sack race, and duck hunt by blindfolded n's. Prizes were also won by the lady with the longest nair in the circus, the oldest man, the finest baby, thf lallest man, the smallest man, and the ugliest man, the .atter being won by a laughing negro. During the per- lOrmance Mr. Ohmy was presented by Messrs. Twig and S'ey, of Manchester, with a diamond ring, as a re- Ognition of his courtesy, gentlematiliness, and strict attention to business. Mr. Ohmy returned thanks to th( PeaYer and Mayoress and the large audience far their at. ndanee at his benefit, and he also mentioned with l'egret that this was his last week in Warrington, as he Was shortly departing for Birkenhead.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PII

the spueeS ,rn as nothing else- and pearly white lips, and fragrant ensured. for SOZODONT. ce, 2.

MISSIONARY MEETING AT LATCH FORD.

On Thursday last week a missionary meeting was hdd at Latchford Wesleyan Church,Counciller Henry Roberts presiding. There was a poor attendance, the weather being decidedly unfavourable. There were on the plat- form in add.tion to the Chairman,the Revs. G. D. Mason, H. Walmsley, Mr. John Hartley, and Mr. W. A. Sand- ford.

The Rev. G. D. Mason, after introducing the chairman, read the financial statement of the Society in which he stated that the income of the current account for the last year was £125,806 12s. Bd.' and the total expendi- ture £127,457 lie. 2d., leaving a deficiency tor the year of £1650 18, 6.1. and this deficiency had accumulated to £3478 15s. 10d., but in the same breath he might say tlaat the whule of it had been more than wiped off by sub- scriptions—(applause)—and considerably more tidan £lOO had been contributed spontaneously by the Warr- ington circuit. Tile total income for this circuit was £248,08. ld. of which the Latchford branch contributed £5 2s. (Applause.) . .

The Chairman said he was afraid the inclemency of the weather might have had some effect in keeping some of their friends away from the meeting. What they lacked in numbers however they must make up to some extent in enthusiasm, because it would not do let the great cause they had come to support suffer from the unavoidable absence of some of their un- doubted friends. (Hear, hear.) He %vas pleased to find from the very short acquaintance he had had with Mr. Walinsley, that he was the son of a very old friend of his, and he was glad to see that Warrington had sent out a man in the person of Mr. Welinsley who had worked in that great cause so many many miles away from home. It was sad but it was none the less the fact that in spite of the magnificent results which missionary work had attained in almost all quarters of the world, that they found almost the same objections to it as at the beginning. Many good people said that there was so much work to be done at home that they had neither men nor money to spare for work abroad. It was true that there was work to be done at home, but when we remembered the tact that this coun- try of ours owed its splendid position to the early mis- sionaries, we should be guilty of almost contemptible ingratitude if we were to allow ourselves to be satisfied with what we had done. He had always noticed that many of the people who raised that objection were not in them ,elves the most active in doing the work at home. It was often the case too that those who had taken the most active interest in the affairs of our own country, and in its moral and spiritual elevation, were those who took the greatest interest in those who were far away from us. (Hear, hear.) Another objection that he sometimes met with was that some missionaries were not altogether taithful to their duties ; in other words that their career was one of rather more ease than we had hitherto been led to believe it was. There was a percentage of such men in all branches of life,and there might have been a solitary instance of a missionary who had fallen away from the work for which he was sent out. That was no reason whatever that the great missionary cause should be held up to the contempt and derision it was in some quarters. When they looked back upon the work of such men as Living- stone, Moffatt,and many others, he said it was nothing short of a gross libel upon the noble men who were carry- ing on the work, to say that that was true generally of the missionaries leaving this country for foreign parts. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The children of mission- aries in many parts of the world had to be sent home for education and health for years,so that when they re- turned they had grown almost out of the knowledge of their parents. That in itself was a great testimony to the spirit of self-sacrifice which animated the men who went out to serve the Master such a great distance from home. It was the duty of every man who took upon himself the profession of a Christian to do what he could to further the missionary cause. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Sandford said that to his mind missionary work was one of the greatest and most noble causes we had , before us. I taught us our duty to all mankind, who, in Christ's view, were all our brethren. 1 The Rev. denry Walmsley, of Belize, Honduras, said he was glad to be at Latchford because it was in the old Temperance Hall that he made his first attempt at preaching. He was glad to be under the chairmanship of Mr. Roberts who had given to them the most intelligent chairman's speech he had heard since he arrived in Eng- land. The district where he had been working for the last six years was one about which not so much was known as about others. There were three races of people there and it was among them thatthis work had gone on. First, among the black people who were exactly the same kind of people as inhabited the West, Indian Hands at the present time and their work among them was precisely the same also. Belize was the capital of British Honduras and in the two circuits in the coun- try the black people predominated. At the present time in Belize, a town of 8,000 or 10,000 people there were two ' Methodist churches at which together about 1,000 people , worshipped every Sabbath. The gospel had taken hold of them to such an extent that there were 500 or 600 Christian members of the churches. There were two Wesleyan ministers in Belize and the income frOm their circuits met all the expenditure in connection with them. Year by year for some time past there had been raised in the circuit no less a sum than £lOO English money which had gone to other parts of the district. Their work ameng the black people had justified itself by the results it had produced. Another race was that of the Caribs,of whom few remained. At one time they were cannibals,and he believed that up to comparatively recent times that habit prevailed among them. In the Carib town there was also a church and the circuit con- tributed £9O annually to the support of its own ministers. That was not a bad result of 20 years work. The third class of people was that of the Spanish Indians. Among them was the hardest field in which they had to work ,as wherever the Spanish power had been, Roman Catholic- ism had gone with it and the people protested that they had the Christian religion and would not change. After a collection had been taken a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and speakers on the motion of the Rev. G. D. Mason. .

-..., . - . -. -.........-. The singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction closed the meeting.

1 , t-- (-- • I 2EI JLLS. "t' 'Jt Pa 1 BEAU f IFUL TEETH ~,•4;s. smadi Lem ' 1 , ',au wh,, ... daily on t‘te tooth -af P.M 5,D,.1. 1,,,m, , brk. a f,v alrul. ' SOZODONT, i 1 v IVS Ft vial. : .2.141,::: i„,. ....e,y„.„.; -Le pie t azanVordiecin.....ttnce in --- '''''' i Cleanses the teethai Clt, I orpi I Ive^, D.le,:l:et,ween the*" -- &1.11.. w Com. 'WNW% Will I will. Sound itteig IT,;‘.th,elios prnin!..iy : i teeth, ros7, ' 041,1 e are them ao a s to .‘tay 1 breath , 1141x0. Ch3mistf,..in. 41 , Ask., -

===== 0002601_18951214_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILD NEGLECT AT WARRINGTON.'

TWO CASES.

Before Messrs. Chandley,Ridgway, and Sutton, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Thursday week, Catherine Richardson, 38, Haydock-st., Warrington,was charged with neglecting her child, Thomas, on the 22nd November, and divers other dates during the past six months, in such a manner as to cause him unnecessary suffering.—lnspector M'Ateer said the child, Thomas whom defendant was charged with neglecting was aged, two years.On the 23rd of November he went in company with P.C. Meacock to the defendant's house and found her and her husband and the child and the daughter Elizabeth at home. Defendant was drunk and using abominable language,and she struck her husband in the face with her fist. The house was filthy, and the beds unfit to lie in. On the 22nd of November he saw her ontside in the rain with the baby, which was saturated, and the defendant was carrying it head downwards. She was a perpetual drunkard, and in addition to the child being illegitimate she was paid for its support. He asked the Bench to deal severely with the case.—P.C. Meacock said he had visited the house in company ,vith lospector M'Ateer and he found the defendant drunk. The baby was tltting in the corner, and she picked it up but after some remark to M'Ateer she put it down by the fire but fell against it and knocked it on the fender. Her husband picked it up and took care of it. She struck him and used very obscene language.— P.C. Evans said that he had known the defendant eight or ten years,and she was a woman addicted to drink. At 12.30 on the 27th August he locked her up for being drunk and disorderly in Taniaer's-lane.—Thomas Rich- ardson, husband of defendant, said that his wife started drinking about the year 1885 and she had been drinking ever since. Daring the last six months she had been hardly ever sober. She was drunk on the 19th, 22nd, 23rd, and 28th of November.—Sergeant Chantler said that about two months ago he was serving a summons on defendant and found her at home in company with four other womentand all five were drunk. The husband was a steady, sober man.—William Bold, witness on behalf of defendant, said that when she was sober there vas not a better neighbour. he,hewever,admitted that ihe was drunk at times.—The magistrates committed tier to gaol for two months hard labour. Samuel Beckett and Annie Beckett, 28, Warburton-st., were charged with having on the 21st November and ither dates during the past six months, wilfully neg- lected their children, Albert and Samuel Beckett. Both pleaded not guilty.—lnspector Witeer said that in con- iequence of a complaint he Visited the defendant's house m the 21st of last month in company with P.C. Wood .nd saw there the male defendant and the youngest boy, iamuel. They examined the child and found that it had in a ragged pair of" pants " and no shirt. It also ap- peared to be starving with cold. In the front room lownstairs there was no furniture and very little in the citchen. There was no fire and little food, while in the )edroom was a bed in a filthy and ragged condition, in act," a respectable dog would not lie on it." He had ilso visited the house in company with Sergeant Chantler nd found no improvement and the woman had told him io alterations were necessary. Be had watched the )eople and had come to the conclusion that their chit- lren were grossly and systematically neglected at night .nd all hours of the day.—P.C. Wood corroborated, and •emarked that the stench in the house was so bad that is opened the windows back and front himself.—Str- :sant Chantler also supported the evidence but did not link Beckett was a drunken man.—Samuel Beckett,the nale defendant said, in defence, that for the last three nonths he had had little work, and for six weeks his :ife had been in the Infirmary. He did his best for the hildren but he could not keep the house clean. Be had .owever got regular work to go to and promised faith• ully to amend.—Mr. Chandley said that under the cir- umstances, though the case had been a4journed before, .e would grant defelsdant another month, at the same ,me warning him that if there was no improvement he 'would have to go to gaol.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
it:EMWME=I' _ 0.40, A,N•No,' 4. V` . .

THE EXAMINER, SAIURDAY, DECEMBER 14, i 8 5.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH.

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER;

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

THIS RAZOR is made from .the best Sheffield /STEEL and iirnins by Sheffield works It is warranted and if not approved when tried will be exchanged. lo be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Fair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a fiat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers.

A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1 /2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 P 0 and Cheques. SLATER BROS.. Sheffield.

FOUND DEAD.

POISON FOB. KILLING RAU Thousands have & been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts ead by using it. Post Free. 1. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of ANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds, Send stamps and try it. Soldiy Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu Moles on land.

BLOOD IS THE LIFE':

TcT 01/ A L NoFoRTE TuToR NET 250 PAGES (Full Music Size The Pictorial Tuto A Descriptive Prospectus "L The mo t re. sow POST Contains yo Illustrations being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable cheap- and over 250 Songs Price, it cannot be obtain dof o "Magazine of Music," Office, est book ever published. FREE Dances Carols. Anthema any book or musicseller under 56 20; Ludgate Hill, London, E.C. The Pianoforte simplified. and Hymn Tunes. aFOI

jR 774. c ~..:*:, , . .Ift ..',,K,.-E'S ... , .ft. A

===== 0002601_18951214_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ROWATT'S LAMPS,

INIOST ON HAVING A

ROWATT'S LAMP. Our Lampe are the most Eeonom teal, Beet mid Easiest Managed.

"MARVEL"

Made in 8 14F._ of 40, 80, 100

Candle Power.!

A high-class central Draught Lamp. No better 'am p procurab!e, Beauti- ful steady light. Economi- cal, simple, safe. "SECURITAS" In two sizes of 20 and 3o Candle Power. A cheap popular lamp,

circular wick.

"SURPRISE A3O Candle Power Lamp. Split Wick "ANUCAPNIC" Most perfect of Chimney- less lamps. "PERFECTION"

A 22 Candle- -P-0;; Lamp' One flame only, giving more light than a Duplex. " ATLAS "

A x Can.i&T..6-o-lver Lamp. One of the best and cheap- est lamps ever produced. Rates; FROM Ismodosoms.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLLOWAY S

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &et. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for. CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &e.

BRUISES;

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY piEDICINE CSESTS

W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set. down as the best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY..

===== 0002601_18951214_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

• SAVES HAND—LABOUR. t *44 ,24 „ v r - • t 7 V 744.,y,',. A / 5 -er' ::‘:: :, I .'1 A V.- . . „V I t -, . ,47, . 4 ".1.. ~ tt , .:,-. 5, n , , 0 e 'L'n • .5V..4Z 1 . 7 . '' . w 1,44 ' 5 L. , - ..1, , . . .51, ..: k 5, .-,,A t,-.. ~ ~,5, , „ Y 1 A--

WASHES EVERYTHING.

TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS', 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET s(right' opposite All

===== 0002601_18951214_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISANNRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

- - - Guaranteed aH Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/-per dozen. - - -

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Saints Church): - MA NCHBSTER.

THE LARGRST AND MOST COMPLETE SHOW OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OUTSIDE LONDON. SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS, Ac., BY ALL THE BEST MAKERS, AT 25 PER CE,T. BELOW COST. _ _ _ _

-- CONDITIONS OF SALE.—AII Goods packed and de- livered free any distance. Railway fair paid to country customers. Goods stored free of charge until required. All articles re-polished and exchanges if not approved of. The PUBLIC AR S INVITED TO CALL AND SEE THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS now being offered, the quality of the FURNITURE being A I. and now sold at hieliculously Low Prices to make room for several large houses of Furniture now stored away, having no room to show them. Don't delay, but call at once, and capture the bargains now awaiting you, When you come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay your Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you cannot see in sour own town— that is £lO.OOO worth of good, substantial New and Second- hand Furniture to Select from. Come to Manchester by all means, and Save fully 50 pei cent of your hard-earned money.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
400 D SHOOND-HAND FURNITURE IS BETTER THAN

NEW. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. .£4 104. Od., worth £l2 10s. Od., very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE, in leather, large Couch, pair of Easy Chairs, and four smal:s, all made by zmith. £4 15s. Od. Very massive Solid Mahogany SIDE- BOARD, with large bevelled glass back and shelves; original:y cost nearly £2O ; just been re-polished. Fitted with drawers and cupboard, and all conveniences. .£7 153. Od. worth £2O. Very heavy DINING- ROOM SUITE. in claret coloured leather, solid frames, and small chairs, padded backs, just been re-upholstered and re-polished. Call and inspect. £7 17s. 6d.. cost when new £lB. Handsome SADDLE-BAG SUITE, solid frames, and beautifully uphols- tered Couch, pair of Ladies' and Gents' Easy • hairs, and four small Chairs, all stated bacas. Delivered free any distance. £l4 14s. Od., cost £3O. Grand Bargain in a Seconat-hand Solid Oak DINING-ROOM SUITE, by Radcliffe, consisting of the Couch, two Easy Chairs, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco leather, very little worn, in fact as good as new.

.E 2 Iss. Od. The massive DINING TABLE to match above suite, beautifully-Carved legs, well got up. Cost when new £9. £i 15s. Od. Well worth £2O The very unique second-hand solid oak .Sideboard. with lofty back, fitted with bevelled silvered plates, fitted with drawers, cupboards, cellerette, and all the modern conveniences. Worthy of attention. .£5O Os. Od. Very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE in real Morocco, upholstered with hair in solid walnut frames, large Couch. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Chairs, with large stuffed backs, all castoreci • Sit. American Walnut Sideboard to match, all silvered plates, bevelled drawers, cupboards, and shelves ; very heavy Sit. Dining Table with extending screw and loose leaves, the Coal Vase to match. The lot honestly worth £l5O. Delivered and packed free of charge. Ed ss. Od. to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahoaany and Cyprus DINING TABLES. in all BiZ3ll and makes, to suit everybody, in all sizes to suit every family. and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hand, at Second- hand Prices. _ .

178. 6d. to £56. All makes, sizes, shapes and woods in SIDEBOARDS. from the smallest size of 3ft. up to 8f t. long. Over 150 on view from some of the finest makers In the country.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DRAWING- ROOM FURNITURE.

£3 10A. Od., originally cost 16 guineas. Elegant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in so.id walnut, fitted, com- plete with beautifully silvered bevelled plates. A noble , article. £5 19s. 6d., worth £lO. Nice little DRAWING- I ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Seeend hand, and very little used; good size Couch. pair of Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, with padded backs, well upholstered. De- livered free. „CS 15s. Oct.. cost when new 25 guineas. Beautiful finished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in solid walnut frames, upholsterel in rich brocade, velvet. old gold colour, all large pieces. very little soiled, brass cast .red. A bargain. £lO 10s. Od., worth £3O. Very handsome Chip- dendale DRAWING-ROOM SUITE. in expensive Genoa vel- vet, nicely carved frames and well finished. Consists of Settee, pair of Easy Chairs, and four Occasional Chairs, cheap. £9 15s. Oct. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE CABINET, by Ogden. worth £25. Beautifully carved In has relief, and all silvered plates bevelled; the underneath portion is fitted with glass-panelled doors and shelves, for the display of bric-a-brac. Also the CENTRE TABLE, to match, by the same maker, for Vs. 6d., worth £3. • Od. DRAWING-ROOM BRASS SET com- plete, comprising heavy Curb, pair of Fire Dogs, and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match. Honestly worth £2 2s. Gd. Fit any hearth. £3O Os. Oct. Very fine rosewood inlaid DRAWING- ROOM SUITE, upholstered in rich Genoa Velvet, with plush borders, all hair stuffed. Made by Oe•zman. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, elegantly upholstered. pair of luxurious Easy Chairs, four sm all Chairs with very fine carved backs, ant two small Occasional Chairs with padded backs. Been in use for this season only, and not a bit worse for wear. £23 101. Od. Second - band rosewood inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CARINsIT, 41t. Sin, wide, with large fancy back glass cupboards each side. Will match the above suite. Octagon Centre Table to matc,i for 305., cost 50s. The Inlaid envelope Card Table, also to math fort guin as ; when new cost £lO. The rosewood inlaid Over Mantel from the same house, for £3 3s. Od., cost £6 His. Od. This is a very fine lot, and well worthy of attention. .£3 193. 6d. Complete set of FIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased, pair cf Dogs, and Stop. Will tit any ordinary hearth. Well worth £lO. All are well lacquered on church brass. THIS WEEK'S BARGAIN:, IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. £2 103. Oct. The Complete second-hand Lot of FURNITURE, for Bedroom, consists of large size Dressing Table fitted with drawers; Swing Glass; Washstand, fitted bottom board and drawers ; two Cane Chairs and Towel Rail ; the lot cheap at £5. £5 53. Od. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESSE STANDS. heavy carved legs, fitted with bevelled-plate, and numerous jewel drawers and boxes to Dressing Table, and large marble slab to Washstand. just been re polished, and are equal to new; well worth £lO. .£6 153. Od., cost when new £2O. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLES in[Manchester. All Solid. Large bevelled silvered glass, all drawers and cupboards In both, real marble slab and tile beak, and bevelled silvered glass in washstand ; all motored and brass handled. XS 15s. Oct. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, comprising large Wardrobe, with silver plate in door; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, with towel rail and pot cupboard attached ; two Cane Chairs, just been repolished and overhauled ; made by Herman, worth £25. £l3 13s. Oil. The finest Second-hand SUITE at the price in Manchester. Large size Wardrobe, fitted with drawers and hanging 'compartment. large bevelled plate in door ; pair of well-constructed Toilet Tables,with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile back, both on castors ; Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard attached ; and three Cane Chairs. Well worth £2.0, £l6 163. Oct. American walnut BEDROOM SUITE, by Doveston,comprising large Wardrobe, with bevel- led silvered plate in centre door, and large drawer below, inside fitted for hangings, and beautifully lined in sateen ; pair of elegantly-constructeei Toilet tables, both fitted with bevelled glass in backs, both fully castoreal. Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard combined, and three Cane Chairs. A marvel of cheapness. Honestly worth £35. £2O Oa. Oct. Very fine BEDROOM SUITE in American and Italian walnut ; all solid and no worse for wear, The fall complement of pieces. Well finished; worth £4O,

-- £l7 Os. Od., worth £45. Solid satin walnut BEDROOM SUITE, same number of pieces as above Suite, tut a bit smaller. Capital value. 4'90 OS. Od. The entire CONTENTS of a beauti- fully FURNISHBD RBDROOM fit to adorn the house of a Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite that baffles description, made by Dill, of Glasgow. solid American walnut, with Italian walnut pane's, large silvered bevel plate in door of Wardrobe, the other doors fitted with transparent bevelled plates, with plush behind, ritted with drawers, cup- boards. and nicely lined in sateen to match. The pair of ban isome Toilet Tables with site mirror, large swing glass in centre both to dressing table and washstand. three upholstered Chairs, Towel Airer, and Bedside Fede9tal. Very massive Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square pillars. upholstered In rich French tapestry and plush. The upholstered spring Mattress, hair Overlay. Bolst.r, and two large feather Pillows, large Carpet, and gilt Chimney Glass. The above was never bought under £250, and is fully worth that amount.

Be. 9i. to £25. The FINEST SHOW OF BRASS AND IRON BEDS rICADS IN LANCUMIRIS, CHESHIRE, YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDiHIRB. All sizes from 3f I. to sft. 6.1.. in French, Parisian. Italian walnut and satin walnut; any price to suit you. You would do well to call and inspect our Bedstead and Bedding Department. It will astonish you and give you some idea of what we ars doing. GOLDSTONE AND SONS' • BECOND-HAND FURNITURE.

215 wnrth £5O. Complete Honse of SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. consisting of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- rooms, everything complete. HOUSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED at a FEW HOURS' NOTICE. from £5 to El,OOO. Com- petent men sent out all orer thA country to give estimates and St up. No charge to the purchaser. Give us a call ; we charge nothing for showing you over our vast establishment, and if you don't see anything that will tempt you, you will be more thou hard to please.

RAILWA Y FARE PA ID TO COUNTRY CUSTOME RS.

NOTE MIR ONLY ADDRESS :-

THE NOTED HOUSE FURNISHERS,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS', 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, Immediately Opposite All Saints' Church,

MANCLIESf En.

Old Trafford. Brooks' Bar. Palatine-road, and Oxford-street, Trams pa.. the door, Fare Id. from Market-street.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
?Lettero to the etittor.

THE RECENT SUNDAY CONCERTS IN PARR BALL, WARRINGTON. Sir,—ln a local paper recently a writer made the following misleading remarks :—" I should like very much to understand the difference between a sacred coacert given at the Parr Hall and the performances given every Sunday afternoon at the Wyclitr Chapel and the Y.M.C. A. and called "Pleasant Sunday After- noons. In one case, lam informed that a charge of one penny each is made for admission to these enter- tainments. It is said that the money is returned to the people who attend, in the shape of books for the best attendance." I can clearly see by these statements that the writer knows nothing of the P.S.A. movement. No charge is made for admission to the Wycliffe Pleasant Sunday Afternoon services. We have a prizo system to which members pay a penny a week (and which has been the means of introducing good books into many households, which might otherwise have been without), but it is optional whether you join it or not. To contrast the recent Sunday concerts with the P.S.A.rnovement is altogether out of reason. These concerts were got up merely for money-making purposes, but the P.S.A. movement is an endeavour to get w..rkingmen into the churches and into closer companionship with Christ. It is unsectarian,and Churchmen as well as Nanconfornaists take part in the service.—Yours truly, A WYCLIPFE P.S.A. MEMBER.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
MINISTERS AND THEIR TITLES.

Sir.—The pages of "The Examiner" from time to time afford evidence that Mr. Edward T. Reed of the institu- tion known as Emmanuel Church is very anxious to gain a position in the town,and to impress upon the minds of cur civic authorities and the public that he is a "Minis- ter of Christ." He does not, however, so far as I knew, offer a particle of proof in support Jf his claim to this ministry. I am, of course, aware that he has acquired the amount of book learning enjoyed by his sect, that he dons the proper clerical habiliments, attaches the word reverend to his name, enjoys a comfortable position, and makes his prayers and his sermons in orthodox fashion. NOW if these beggarly elements of the world are to be regarded as the true signs of Apostleship then indeed Mr. Reed must be admitted to the roil ot Chris- tian ministers. But when we come to examine the Book which the pastor of Emmanuel and others like him pro- fess to adopt as their standard in matters of faith and practice, we are perfectly astounded to find that there is no resemi,lance whatever between the modern and the Primitive signs of Apostleship. The first ministers chosen and ordained by the founder of Christianity were humble and obscure men who had no training in schools of theology, who were content to clothe them- selves in the garments of their class, and who knew nothire, about titles and emoluments. Yet it was to these bumble men that Jesus gave commission to preach his gospel to every creature ; and that they might not fail in their great and laborious work he endowed them with supernatural gilts, such as the discerning of spirits, power to heal the sick, ability to speak in all the lang- uages of the world, and to preach with the power and demonstration of the spirit of God. Armed with these powers they went forth on their mission ; and in less than kalf a century little congregations of believers were gathered together in every quarter of the Roman world. But it is worthy of note that their Master made no pro- vision for their physical wants. Nor was it necessary for Hist to do so ; for had they not lived with hi m,shared his poverty and persecutioo, and learned to look to Him and to Him alone for all their requirements. When Mr. Reed can show us that he is possessed of these signs of apostleship I shall gladly recognise him as a minister of Christ, and regard him as a " beloved brother Edward." But until then his utterances, whether in the pulpit, or through the press, will be,to one at least, nothing bitter than the sounding of brass, or the ticklings of a cymbal. —Yours truly, .

===== 0002601_18951214_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSIONARY APOLOGETICS.

Sir,—The very air of late has been foil of missionary talk and talk about missionaries ; and in this talk I noticed that there is a prevailing undertone of mission- ary apologetics—a defence of the utility and benefit of missionary work. Now so much protestation must have a cause. Can it be that the missionaries and pro-mission- aries are beginning themselves to doubt the utility of carrying religious frying-pans and blankets to Timbuc- too ? Are they beginning to see—what the unregenerate outsider has long contended—that it would be better to settle exactly what we ourselves believe, ere we enter upon the ungracious task of teaching others wiaat we have discarded ourselves? The missionaries of last century went forth with undoubting zeal and told un- conscious cramm as to the age of the world, assigning to it a date when we have evidence of our own country being peopled ! But Mr. Missionary was cock-sire about it. Adam and Eve were no myths to him,nor the Genesis account of Creation "unhistorical" as it is to the Church Congress. He was even more cer- tain of the actual truth of the Chaldce in fable than the "Rev. Professor Thoumaian,"who thought that Armenia was " probably " the site of the Garden of Eden ! Per- sonally I should feel more certain of this had the Rev. Professor brought some undoubted relic over.

- I wonder it has never occurred to people who are afflicted with tbe missionary mania that it i rather anomalous to:be sending folk fram here to teach the Chinese the maxim " Do unto others as you would they should do to you," seeing that the maxim itself came from China ! Rather like taking coals to Newcastle or teaching your grandmother to suck eggs ! By the way, how would it be if these China missionaries and their English friends put this very excellent moral precept into practice? "Do as you would be done by." Ex- cellent ! Then keep out of China my friends ; don't go there and insult the people by reviling their religion. How would you welcome a Chinaman who was infatu- ated enough to come among you and sought to enlighten your benighted souls by inculcating the mysteries of Buddha and the: sacredness of ancestor-worship ; who erected a pagodalvrithin sight and hearing of your little bethels ; and sought by fair meows or foul to entice the lambs of your flock to become the proselytes of their faith ? would; not the Chinese maxim fit this (quite suppositious) breach ot Chinese good taste and good manners ? But perhaps we have one code of morals and good taste for curselvea and quite another for the be- nighted infidels, who were well advanced in learning and civilization when our ancestors were woaded savages. What wonder that China looks askance at us when we send tasteless fanatics to teach them the religious offal of the last century ? And this too with the added insult of a gunboat backing! The British taxpayer will be wise to let the missionary tub stand on its own bottom —if it has 0110.—Yours, &c.,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN PEERS. THE ALLEGED ENCROACHMENTS AT BANK

QUAY.

Sir,—lf Mr. R. T. Fairclough had contented himself with addressing the public through the medium of your columns upon the question of Me9srs. Bishop and Co.'s Wharf only, I would not have troubled you with any observations upon his letter of Saturday last, but when he goes out of his way to make accusations by inuendo against people whose reputation for integrity and un- selfishness, is at least quite as good as his own. lam compelled to reply. So far as Mr. R. T. Fairclough's conduct in regard to Messrs. Bishop and Co.'s proposals is concerned, the electors in Fairfield Ward have in so pronounced a manner expressed their views upon their late representative's action that I need not further refer to it.

The last paragraph in Mr. Fairclough's letter contains a statement which suggests that the wharf which the Warrington Slate Company has occupied for eight years past has been acquired in an improper manner,and that it was at one tine a "free public wharf." Let me say IS passing that it is very singular that Mr. R. T. Fair- slough has only thought it worth his while to call the !attention of the publie to these circumstances since he Involuntarily retired from the Council, although the Wharf has been tenanted by my firm fur the period al- ready nam -A. The wharf is owned by two firms, viz., Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons and Messrs. EI.D. Pochin,te whom we pay rent. Does Mr. R. T. Faircicugh suggest that either of these firms has acquired this wharf im- properly ? He knows perfectly well that he dare not make any such suggestion. Further, that portion of the wharf whish belongs to Messrs. Crosfield and Sons has been in ,their possession for at least 80 years and the other half, has belonged to Messrs. Pochin and their predecessors, also for a very long period. Again the wharf never was a public or a free wharf, and the in- cident referred to by Mr. Fairclough as to the discharg- ing of "grain free of toll " at the wharf, occurred at a time when Mr. Fairclough's father rented the old Pottery from Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons,and bad the privi- lege of discharging grain there in consequence. I would strongly advise Mr. R. T. Fairclough in future to take more trouble in investigating the accuracy of his sup- posed facts before rushing into print. But, Sir, Mr. R. T. Fairclough is the last man who should talk about the absorption of the rights of the public. Soon after he and his partners became the owners of Littons Mill, they sent plans to the Corpora- tion for building over the footpath and cartway which goes past the side of the mill and over the railway crossings through Quay Fold into Liverpeol-road. Mese plans were rejected more than once because it was believed the building proposed t) be erected would have trespassed upon the rights of the public, and I recollect very well in one interview with the Street Improvement Committee, that Mr. John Fairclough threatened the Corporatien with litigation if the plans were not passed. They are not, however, passed yet, but I noticed the other day that a chain and posts had been fixed across the cartway to prevent the public from having vehicular access to the route referred to. I believe strongly that the public have a right to the cartway in question and in support of that opinion I may mention the fact that my firm has carted large quantities of material over the road without the slightest hindrance until Messrs. Fairclough became the owner of the mill at Bank Quay. Finally, seeing that Mr. R. T. Fairclough is no longer a member of the Council, why does he not resign the position he holds as the representative of the Corpora- tionpi numb public i oi nn t?e r e I:toss syi si bpl prompting newly discovered nnghliys disconvnertehde zeal rfSoeYr thCe° present unselfish (?) conduct in sticking to the post.— Yours faithfully, H. ROBERTS. •

-

===== 0002601_18951214_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ANON.

THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1R95.

hear.) Ile thought that the site proposed to be pur- ' hased was very unsuitable for the purpose of building a new infirmary, and if the Board would otly see this thing in the right light, and would only grapple with the whole question, they would then arrive at a better de- cision. If they could buy land outside this neighbour- hood at about £lOO or £l2O per acre, as had been offered to him, and were to buy about 20 acres,the whole would only come to some- thing near what they were proposing to spend for four acres. They would thus have land sufficient to build a new workhouse and infirmary upon, and would also have land enough to till and procure produce from, which now they had to pay none too cheaply for: He proposed that they should advertise for land situated in the country., upon which to erect lIPW buildings alto- gether.—Mr. BENT seconded.—The CHAIRMAN said the 'whole question had been fully and carefully consider,d, land the Infirmary Committee had come to the conclusion that they could recommend to the Board nothing better than thee had done. Mr. Hickman had not told the committee that they could buy land so cheaply as he suggested; in fact, his opposition was, as it were, quite "sprung upon them."—Mr. 'fitomesox also thought that the workhouse ought to be out in the country or near the country and pointed out Chester as an example.— me CLERK pointed out that a scheme such as Mr. Hick- man suggested would entail a large amount of expense, and there would have to be a separate staff to manage the institution. It would also be necessary to inform the Local Government Board that the present bAldings were unsuitable.—After further discussion, Mr. HICK- MAN said that under the circumstances he would with- draw his motion, and the resolutions were then carried unanimously..

===== 0002601_18951214_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse OD Wednesday morning. The chair was I.,ccupied by Mr. W. Houghton, and there were also pre- sent: Mrs. Clay, the Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. Father Moore, Rev. J. H. Riddette, Messrs. S. Davies, W. Hick- man, A. J. Jolley, J. Clarke, A. Lang, W. Cross, 'f. B. Malkin, G. Thompson, T. Halton, J. Warburton, J. Bit- linge, E. L. Bent, J. Ball, J. rioug h too , A. Jolley, J. W. Knowles, Dr. Patterson, G. Pilling, J. Din um, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), C. H. Ward (wOrkhouse master), and H. M. Mines (superintendent).

===== 0002601_18951214_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The minutes referred, amongst other mattors, to the prosecution of the three paupers who had refused to perform the work set them by the master.—Mr. CLARKE, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the com- mittee, said the three men had been sent to gaol for a month each. The sentence was intended as a lesson to others.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded the motion, which was agreed to.

SCHOOLS' COMMITTEE.-CUARGES AGAINST TUE MANAGE-

===== 0002601_18951214_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MEET OP THE PABGATE 9CIIOOL.

The minutes of the Schools Committee were moved by Mr. DAVIES and seconded by Mr. PILLING.—The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE moved that the minutes be adjourned until the end of the meeting, because in the presence of the reporters he did not want to be obliged to ask certain questions, which would be bettar asked in committee. He had given private notice to the Clerk of this motion, and he hoped that the Beard would agree to the minutes be- ing adjourned until the end of the meeting.—Mr. Hick- man seconded.—Mr. Knowles said that he thoughtthat the motion was an extraordinary one, and never, so long as he had been a member of the Board, had they been asked to postpone the minutes until the business of the Board had been completed. He was not present at the last meeting of the committee, and if there was anything done then wrong, he was sorry that he was absent. He felt strongly that as the minutes had been proposed and seconded the Guardians should agree to them. Mr. Riddette might want to raise a storm in a teapot, but he felt bound to vote that the minutes be confirmed, and he felt sure the other mem- bers must feel the same. If Mr. Riddette had some- thing to bring up about what bad taken place behind the scenes let him do so. He thought that the committee ought to have the confidence of the Board.—Mr. liwnitrrE denied that there was any question of want of confidence in the committee.—The Cstateraen said that if Mr. Knowles persisted he must put the amendment to the vote.—Mr. KNOWLES : I don't think any out- side member ought to be allowed to question the man- agement P—Mr. RIDDETTE said that he was accustomed to the veiled abuse of Mr. Knowles and was getting inured to it. The course he had proposed did not put any reflection upon the committee, but he had taken it out of consideration for the persons concerned. He had not referred to the committee,nor was it his intention to propose any censure upon the committee. All he wanted was for the minutes to be postponed until the close of the meeting. If they were not, he would have to ask four questions which would of course go into the papers, and it was desirable that they should be asked in corn- ruittee.—The amendment was then put, and only six voting for it, it fell to the ground.—The CLERK, address- ing Mr. Riddette, said that the only question before the Board was whether the minutes as read should be adopted, and therefore any question discussed should have immediate reference to them.—Mr. Ituaranrrn said that he accented the Clerk's ruling, but the minutes were not sufficiently correct with regard to the pro- ceedings of the meetings reported upon. He would now ask the questions to which he had referred. He would ask in the first place whether Mr. Jonner Fust had paid a surprise visit with two other officials of the Local Government Board to the Padgate schools. Further. whether he had not sent in a report reflecting in a very painful way upon the management of that institution. Also whether it was true that the Sihools Committee had considered that report at a meeting at which only five Guardians were present; aed whether also it was true that the master of the school had been censured by the committee, and one member of the staff asked to resign. He was extremely sorry that he should have had those questions dragged out of him. He took the precaution in all kindness by sending a private note to the Clerk, and he had hoped that there would have been no necessity for questions to be asked in public. He hoped that they would now see that he had been justified in taking the course he had taken that morning. The minutes received were not a sufficient record, and many members of the Board had not had the remotest idea of what had taken place. He woulcl like to say that he laid the responsibility of having to ask the questions upon his friend, Mr. Knowles. He (Mr. Riddette) was not a member of the Padgate School Committee but he WAS a Guardian, and had a joint re- sponsibility with all—(hear, hear,)—and he was not go- ing to throw away that responsibility on the plea worthy of an attorney, that he was only a member of the Board and not a member of the Schools Committee. He wished an answer to all his questions.—Mr. 13maNciz thought t',at the best course to adopt would be to refer the questions to the Schools Committee, and have them dis- cussed at the next meeting of the committee, at the same allowing Mr. Riddette and other members of the Board to be present at the meeting.—Mr. RIDDETTE thought that he was entitled to an answer. He appealed to the chairman of the Schools Committee for a categori- cal answer to the questions.—Mr. DAVIES said that he might tell Mr. Ritidette that it was quite true they had a surprise visit from Mr. Jenner Fust and Inspector Mocr- soul. It was quite true that they had left a report, but that report was for the exclusive use of the committee, and that committee had gone minutely into that report. At that moment, he thought the Board had better leave the matter whore it stood. He could assure Mr. Riddette that very strong language had been used by the com- mittee to the people who were in authority in that estab- lishment, and he could also further tell him tnat unless a very great reform was made, the committee were pre- pared to take extreme measures. He hoped that for the present, Mr. Riddette would leave the matter where it stood . Mr. RinnErre laid that he would not have taken the course he did had there been any indication of what had taken place upon the minutes. He thanked Mr. Davies for his courteous answer.—The CLERK said that he would like it to be known that all visits of Local Government Board inspectors were to some extent surprise visits. They were never by notice. With regard to the statement thot some officer was called upon to resign it only amounted to this, that when the report was read at the meeting of the committee, during the conversation, it was felt that the superintendent shculd be informed that unless there was proper explanation and remedial steps were taken, it would inevitably follow that one if not ' two officials might be called upon to resign. The medical officer had been asked to give a report and that gentleman had done so, and that report had been con- sidered by the committee. That could be read if neces- sary.—Mr. RIDDETTE : I think both reports should be read.—The CLERK said that he could not do it.—Mr. Rinnwrre said that he was quite willing for the medical officer's report to be read provided Mr. Jenner Fust's report were read also.—Mr. Dams : I must object to that.—Mr. DICKMAN thought that it would be better at that stage to proceed to the next business and leave the question for the present.—Mr. RIDDETTE : I am quite willing to allow the matter to drop if you will not read either report.—The subject then dropped.

ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN BY MR. THOMPSON AT TICS WOREFIOIISE.

The MASTER, in his journal, referred to the entertain- ment for the inmotes provideci by Mr. Thompson, one of the members ot the Board, a few evenings ago. Every- thing passed off very successfully,and the entertainment was much appreciated and enjoyed.—The CHAIRMAN : The Board ought to be very much obliged to Mr. Thompson for his kindness in promoting the entertain- mPnt. It is not the first he has given for the pleasure of the inmates. (Hear. hear.)

===== 0002601_18951214_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
TNCREASES OF SALARY.

The following ie's—ol-u-tio-n—w-;s ag-r-e-eed. to, on the motlin of Mr. lircxmAN, s.conded by Mr. JOHN FIOUGHTON "That any existing resolution or order fixing a particu- lar period of the year for dealing with applications for increase of salary be rescinded, and that hereafter such applications be considered on their own merits when made ; and that this resolution shall amply to recom- mendations of such increases by committees."—The motion was agreed to without discussion.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BUILDINGS AND REPAIRS COMMITTEE.

Mr. CROSS moved "That in future when repairs are required the Building and Repairs Committee deal there- with." He said his notice to the Guardians of April 10th, 1895, read as follows :--'• That a Building and Repairs Committee be appointed, and that such committee be called by the master or by the superintendent of the schools when important building repairs are required and that in cases of emergency the committee, with the master or superintendent, be empowered to arrange for the execution of the necessary work,and that in all cases they report thereon to the House or Schools Committee." —lt was pointed out to Mr. Ceoss that a great deal of other business had to be disposed of that mornine of and important character, and he, therefore, agreed to post- pone his resolution until the next Board day. THE PROPOSED NEW INFIRMARY. The CHAIRMAN briefly moved the five resolutions which stood in his name concerning the above subject, natnelv, " That subjectto approval by the Local Govern- ment Board the offer made to the Clerk to the Guardians by the solicitors of Mr. Robert Pierpoint and others, to sell to the Guardians, without restriction, the five acres three roods and nine perches of land, at £4OO per acre. be accepted, and that such purchase be assented to. That the Infirmary Commit,en be empowered to take such steps as they may deem desirable for obtaining the approval of the Local Government Board and for com- pletion of the purchase. That such committee be also empowered to report to the Board upon the terms of purchase of the borough inyectious hospital and the ad- jacent land belonging to the Corporation. That such committee be also instructed to report the terms upon which a loan or loans can be raised. Also upon the terms of appointment of an architect and clerk of the works, That copies of any such reports be sent to the Guardians and a special meeting.of the Board convened for consideration and adoption thereof or otherwise." Mr. ALFRED JOLLEY seconcle,l.—Mr, HICKMAN moved an amendment to the purchase of the land on the ground that they could get land cheaper and further out from the amohe, din, and noise of this neighbourhood. (Bear,

===== 0002601_18951214_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S ENTERTAINMENT AT NEWTON.

For the sixth rr in succession Mr. Singleton, head master of St. Peter's schools. Newton, put be- fore the public at the Town Hall, Newton, on Satur- day evaliag the excellent entertainment which costs him and his assistants natich timb and labour to produce. As in previous years he has pressed into service a good number of scholars attending his schools who show aptitude for the work, and with a great aracfunt of training are enabled to Ap- pear on a public platform in a presentable manner. There was a crowded audience on Saturday night, who greatly appreciated the bill, of fare the youngsters pat before them. Not only were the elder scholars requisitioned, but the merest infants were put on the platform to take their part in the evening's entertainment. The programme was something similar to those produced in previous years, one portion, that appertaining to the infants.being under the care of Wes Liptrott, and the other of Mr. Singleton and Mr. A. E. Wykers. The rising of the curtain displayed the whole of the children on the capacious platform, and the intermingling of the van-coloured dresses and costumes presented a really pretty appearance. Tho programme was opened with a school song which was executed in excellent time and with precision, the blending of the voices being charming in the extreme. The next item was a recitation by Mabel Turton who bemoaned the loss of her doll which was supposed to be dead. The infants next, in song. illustrated " The trades." those depicted being the blacksmith, cobbler, and miller. In this three or four children represented a par- ticular trade, whilst the chorus sang the ac- companiment. Th's was very cleverly done, and elicited warm appreciation. An entire change was now made, the centre of the platform being given over to a juvenile nigger troupe in charge of Mr. A.E.Wykes, assistant-master. The lads were carefully dressed to represent a full-fledged troupe of minstrels, and their singing and dialogues were much enjoyed. There were 18 performers and the choruses were capitably sung. Mr. A. Wykes sang " Susan Jane," his brother sang " Maggie," and one of the troupe gave a good interpre- tation ot "The Dandy-coloured coon." The dialogues were well presented, and the local his which were intro- duced were enjoyed by the audience. Again the infants were in evidence with a musical drill, with wands and dumb-hells, and their next item was termed infants' play, " Dr. Brooks" being a dialogue in which the central figure was a sick child, surrounded by its grand- mother, mother and sisters, the part of the doctor being naively taken by Master Singleton. The concluding item for the infants was the action song " Busy men." The second part of the programme was the kinderspiel by J. C. Grieve, entitled " Playmates." This is a very simple affair but by reason of its quaintness was ren- dered most interesting, the costumes adding additional interest. The characters represented in it were Mother Goose (the oldest resident of the village of Whaurist), Miss M. Baybut ; Aunt Sally (Mother Goose's younger sister and maid-af-all-work;, Amy Crompton ; Flora Macdonald (Annie Brodie), Annie Laurie (Annie Ellam), Maggie Lander (Annie Bethel!), holiday visitors at the village of Whaurist ; Jack Goose (only son of Mother Goose), John Greenslade; Farmer Jack (afterwards Jack the Giant killer), Torn Gee ; Dick Whittington ' (afterwards Lord Mayor of Lond ,n) W. Strange ; Cow- boy Jack (afterwards Jack and the Bean Stalk), William Burgess ; Simple Simon (the village natural ; occasion- ally taken for a flat, but being sometimes decidedly sharp)„W. Haynes. Herahle,Sam uel Siddall, and Ernest Weeks ; Highlanders, Frank Gee, Tom Cook, Frank , Fletcher, Hobert Campbell, Harold Mayor and Charles Mayor. Chorus, composed of Jack Goose's playmates. The scene lay near the cottage of Mother Goose in . the village of Whaurist, exact locality unknown. Jack at the outset tells his playmates of the former poverty of himself and mother, until he found a goose which laid a golden egg, and this was the turning point in their poverty, and the various scenes really hinge on this, although they lead up to the introduction of the other characters in the representations. The singing was re- markably good, as also was the acting, in fact it would be invidious to single out any particular one for special mention, when all did well. The Highlanders showed that they had been well trained, and they went through their various dances with precision.

The entertainment was repeated On Monday evening, when there was again a large audience, which thoroughly enj4yed the efforts of the children to amuse. At the close a vote of thanks to Mr. Singleton, Miss Liptrott, and all who had taken part in the entertainment was accorded on the motion of Dr. Watkins.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

MLTUAL IMPROVEMENT 50C1ETY....." Worksrs without work" was the subject under discussion at the meeting of the Bible and Mutual Improvement Class on Monday night. The chair was occupied by Mr.Brown,and Messrs Mort, Hazlehurst, and Whitby took part in the discus- sion. WESLEYAN DAY SCHOOL ENTERTAINMENT.—A succers- ful entertainment was given in the Wesleyan day school on Wednesday evening, and it was presided over by Mr. W. Clarke. The first part of the programme consisted of the performance of the cantata " Father Time and Children," and was given in a most creditable manner. Miscellaneous pieces were given in the second portion of tne programme, and included the part song " Sweet and Low," action song Paddy Blake of Bally Blarney," taken part in by 13 bays ; Japenese parasol drill, and a performance by a number of boys dressed as nigger minstrels. The prizes awarded for regular attendance were distributed by the Chairman. The entertainment was greatly appreciated by the large audience present.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

STOCKTON HEATH RESERVE V. OUGHTRINGTON PARK RESERVE—PIayed at Stockton Heath on Saturday. The round was in a very sad condition after the recent heavy storms. Stockton Heath took advantage of the wind and pressed continually, and the visiting backs being pressed, one kicked through his own goal. Soon after Andrews scored the second point for the homesters the goalkeeper letting the ball slip through his hands, half-time arriving with the score :—Stockton Heath, two ; Oughtrington, MI. The homesters held the upper hand during the second half, Andrews and Kimkerley adding goals, the whistle going for time with the score four g_als to none in favour of Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
A FennLs- DISPUTE.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Martha Winstantley, High-st., Newton. plumber and decor- ator, sued Margaret Jones, 10, Northfield-square, Leeds, fcr £43 193. 41., the balance owing on ac- count, for money paid on her behalf. There was also a counterclaim for £35 194. 4d. for money al- leged to be owing by plaintiff to defendant for rents collected. The plaintiff and defendants Were relatives, and the case was one in which family matters were frequently brought in.—Mr. W. J. Forshaw represented the plaintiff, and Mr. A. Browne the defendant. At the commencement of the case the two solicitors went through the claim and counterclaim respectively, in order to mark those items in accounts admitted and those dis- puted. It appeared that plaintiff was occupier of a shop in Newton of which the plaintiff was the owner and that she owed certain rent for the shop, and had also collected certain other rents from other tenants in the adjoining property. The counter- claim was for amounts over and above those ad- mitted by the plaintiff as having been received by her on behalf of the defendant. Witnesses were called on both sides, and ultimately his Honour gave judgment for the claim for .£6 104., and for the counterclaim for £3O 10s.

pA PE R RULE D TO ANY PATTERN

===== 0002601_18951214_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAM:MS.I6c.

BOOKBINDING 1 EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS,

1895.

For Christmas present, any other Presents, or Articles for yourself, VI ,IT DHB le. Ci UltCll-STRAET,LIVER- POOL, where you can get Hundreds of Artices suitable for Presents and for Yourself or Household Use.

WATCHBS.-Ladles' Gilt, Nickeled. and Black Watches all at 3s. 11d. Solid Silver Watches, lOs. 6d., 12s. 64. to .Iss. Gent's. and Boy's Watch s, 2s. 3d., 2s. lid., 3s. 114., 4s. 114. ss. 11d. My well-known Chronograph Watches msy be got, large or small, plain or fancy, Silvered or Gilt Cases, all at Is. 11d. Silver Watches, 12s. 64.. 15s, 64., 17s. Id. (Hunter) 215.. to £3 10s. Ladies' Gold Watches, 30s. to 90s. I Gent's. Gold Watches, 508. to £lO Ci-fAINS.-Ladies' Silver Alberts, Is. 6,1,33. lid,, 4s. 11do to 10s. 6d. Gent's Silver Alberts, Hall- ,arked on every link, 58.21 d.. 6s. 34. 6s. 11d., to 15s. 64. Boy's Silver Alberts, 35.64 with Silver Medal attar:llea. Metal Alberts - Steel, 30. and 40. ; Gilt. 41d. and 64. White Metal- " W-oitaz " Silver -equal to Solid Silver, 64. ; Double. Is. For Ladies vvoitaz " Silver or Gilt. 6d. Best Gold-plated Alberts. warranted to stsnd acid, 2s. 11d., Is. 11d., to Is. 11d. (for Ladies, Boys and Gentlemen). RINGS-Set. Hall-Marked Rings for Ladies and Gentle- men, from Is. 11d. to 21s. ; 15ct. 12s. 64. to 40s. ; 18ct. from 303 to £5.

BROOCHES.-Silver Hall-Marked, 101 d. to ss. 6d. ; Gold Pct. Brooches, 2s. 6d. to 505.; 15t. 15s. to Li. Solid Silver Hall-Marked Name Brooches (any name), lad.' Is. 7id. and 2s. 6d. Gent's Scarf Pins, Silver from 4d. ; GoldHall-Marked, from 2s. lid. Match Boxes from Is. 11d. Cigar Cases from Vs. 11d., &I. ELECTRO SILVER PLATE.-Breakfast Cruets, le. 11d. to 15s. 6d.; Dinner Cruets. 28. Ild. to 50s. ; Butter Knives, Pickle Forks, and Jam Spoons' from 101 d. each ; Tea Spoons ( lectro-plated) from Is. Ilid.half-doz. ; Dessert Spoons and Forks, from 3s. 6d. hal-doz. ; Table from 4s. lid. half-doz, ; Butter Dishes from Is, ; Salts from is. 6d. ; Claret Jugs, from 4s. 11. d. ; Pickle Frames, from 58..11d. Special Fish Knives and Forks, 24 pieces, in strong wood ease, with lock and key complete, 25s ; Cheap White Metal Forks and Spoons-Tea spoons from qd. half-dozen • Dessert Forks or Spoons from Vld. halt-dozen ; Table from is. 3d. halt-dozen. Pure Nickel Silver (Best Quality only)- Tea Spoons, 9d. half-dozen ; Dessert Forks er Spoons, 2s. 3d. half-dozen; Table, 2s. 31d. h ,if-do.zery Ac._

affT-I,Y—.(Rnglish Made cnly).—Llessert Knives from is. TV. half-doz. ; Table Knive3, from is. 11€1. half doz.; Car- vers, from 2s. 9d pair (t,est steel); Scissors, from sp. pair Pocket Knives from 5d.. ac.

Debert's Clocks are the best value in the World. Always in stock over 5,000 Clocks of every description to select from. Nickel Timepieces from is. 6d.; Alarms from Is. 10d.; Wood Pendulum Clocks from 2s. lid.; Regulators, from 12s: 9d., Kitchen Clocks (8 days), from 13s. 9d., &c._

OPTICAL GOODS.—Hetal Barometers, ss. lid.; Wood Barometers, size 7 inch diameter, 7s. 11d.; Do. do. with Thermometer combined, 7 inches by 18 Inches, 10s. 6d.; do. do.. larger, 17s. 6d. to £3.

FANCY GOODS—Ladies' Companions from 60. to 255. Dressing Cases from 8s 11d. to 50s. (for Ladies or Gentle- men). Leather Purses from 40. to Is. 11d. Tobacco Pouches trom 50. ;Ci.(ar Cases from 100. Ladies, Work Boxes from 10s. 6d. Dolls from 50 Toys from 50. Mouth Organs from 25. Table Bells from 60. Ornaments and Fignres from 50. Mi rors from 40. Dominoes from 30. Boys' Fretwork Tools, Outfit from 10,0. Household Tools (5 pieces) from 100., Sic., &cote. Lbove being only a few of the Articles kept in Stock as would take much more space to mention everything, you are therefore invited to visit

===== 0002601_18951214_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBEPVS, 10, CHURCII-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

DRUNKENNESS

At the Polin Station, Earlestown, on Monday morning, before Mr. J. W. Emmett, Johu Grady was fined 53. and costs for being drunk in Earles- town on Saturday night._

===== 0002601_18951214_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Tine ST. JOHNS' CHURCH BAZAAR.

The whole of the goods which were left on hand at the close of the sale of work held in the Paroc- hial Mission Ilall on the 30th November have now been disposed of, bringing the total receipts in con- nection with the bazaarto upwards of £lOO.

FOREIGN MISSIONARY MEETING AT WARGRAVE.

In cpnnection with the Church of England Foreign Missions a meeting was held in the War- grave t_4choolroom on Tuesday evening. The Rev. J. Carson, rector, presided, and there was a fairly good attendance. Illustrations of missionary work were given by Mr. Lawson, by the aid of the lime light,and the Rev. J. D. Lord,some time Misiionary in India, gave an interesting address on the work being carried on. At the close a collection was made in aid of the funds of the Society for the pro- pagation of the Gospel in Foreign parts.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
.. . ODDFELLOWE' DINNER AT NEWTON.

The members of the Good Intent lodge of the 1.0. Oddfellows, had a dinner at the Blue Lion Hotel at Newton on Saturday evening, the occasion being to celebree the handing over of some property which has been built in Crow-lane, Newton, to the members it nas been allotted to, and who are to pay off the purchase mnney by way of a weekly rent. Brother Heaton, presided and there was a good attendance. An address was afterwards given by Bro. Turner, deputy grand master of M.U. A num- ber of toasts were honoured, songs, &c., being given at intervals. WELSH ENTERTAINMENT AT EARLESTOWN.

An entertainment was given in the Welsh Pres- byterian Chapel on Saturday evening. Mr. J. Williams presided and there was a fair attendance. An enjoyable programme was submitted, consist- ing of a chorus " Who is a brave man ?" recitations by W. Peers, J. Williams, E. Williams, and E. Wil- liams (Tamworth-street), part song, " What I seekest thou a shelter here' (Gogerddam), compe- tition in punctuation, the prize being secured by Miss Profit, Miss A. Watkins, and Miss M. Owen. Chorus by juvenile choir," We are going home to- morrow." Address by Mr. William Hughes on 'The wonders of the sea," part song by Mr. J. Rees and party. SUDDEN DEATH OF A GIRL AT EARLESTOwN.

On Tuesday an inquest !was held at the Welling- ton. Hotel, Earlestown by Mr. S. Brighouse coroner on the body of a girl named Henrietta Thompson, 12 years of age, daughter of Levi Thompson, a machineman at the Viaduct Works, and living at 12 Booth-street, Earlestown, who died on Sunday morning, From the evidence it appeared that on Saturday the girl was taken ill and put to bed. She had previously complainedfof feeling unwell, but was able to go about. At five o'clock on Sunday morning, the father and mother noticed that she was very ill, and sent for a medical man who was unable to atiend. Before another doctor could be brought, the child expired at 10 minutes to six. A ' verdict from "Natural causes," was returned.

ACCIDENT AT THE VULCAN FOUNDRY. On Thursday shortly before one o'clock, a fitt sr 11 in the employ of the Vulcan Foundry Co., named Hermon Williams, living at 59, High-street, New- ton met with a rather serious accident. It appears four loaded waggons were being put off the London and North-Western Company's line into the Vulcan Fountry yard, when owing to the greasy condition of the rails, the men were unable to control them by means of the brakes, and they ran with great force into the doors of what is known as the tender shop. The doors were flung violently back, and Williams who unfortunately happened to be in the way was struck with great force and knocked to the ground. He was rendered unconscious, and on Dr. Mounsey arriving, he found the man to be suffering from injury to the brain. He was removed home on the works ambulance litter, and is at present in a very critical condition. ' EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT MEDICAL AID

===== 0002601_18951214_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY.

We are requested to state that the Earlestown Orchestral Society, as a result of the concert they recently held in aid of the above society, have handed over to the treasurer .£3 Bs. A collection in the bottle works of Messrs. C. B. F. Borroa and Co. realised £2 Bs. Bd. for the same object. The Vulcan Foundry workmen have made such bad time dur- ing the last 12 months that it has been decide 4 to postpone the collection until nest year. Messrs. T. and T. Vicars and Co., in answer to an appeal for a collection base written, saying that they sub• scribe very largely to the Liverpool hospitals, and that the men think that the works which do not subscribe to the Liverpool hospitals should support the local society, and that they do not see their way to make a grant out of their hospital fund. Collec- tions are about to be made at the Sankey Sugar Works, Messrs. Slee and Co. and McCorquodale and Company. WARGRAVE CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.

. . For the purpose of raising funds to provide new choir stalls in the above church, an organ recital was given on Sunday afternoon by Mr. E. Leyland, organist, with vocal selections by members of the choir. There was a large congregation which evid- ently appreciated the various items set down on the programme. After the opening hymn, the chorus "Slug, O'Heavens " was given by the choir, the solo being sung by Mr, J. Nichols. The sacred solo" The Pilgrim " was sung with excellent taste ' by Mr. J. Nichols. Misses Giliman and Molyneux, submitted with much care "Come, ever smiling Liberty;' whilst the chorus "Lead on, lead on from Judas :Maccabeus, was sung with taste and precision by the choir. Miss A. Molyneux was in good voice in the solo "Eternal rest,' and Mr. G. Wright submitted the air "Is not His word "from Elijah, Miss E. C. Corlett was heard with advantage in the solo" Beyond the Gates," and the conclud- ing chorus " Sing unto God " was well rendered by the choir. The organ solos were " Berceuse in 1) Major," "Grand March in C," and "The Abbey Chimes" the latter of which has been given several times previously. The collections amounted to , 24 102.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRICT COUNCIL CLERKSHIP.

The Sub-Committee appointed to go through the applications for the position of clerk to the Newton DiArict Council, sat again on Monday afternoon. Meeting at two o'clock they considered the applica- tions of the 55 candidates who were left in, but when they dissolved at four o'clock they had only succeeded in reducing the number to 33. The com- mittee admit the great difficulty in making a selec- tion, owing to the excellency of the candidates, and a further meeting will be held.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
FIR-E AT EARLESTOWN.

About 2 15 on Thursday morning P.C. Green,who was on duty in Bridge-st., discovered that a fire had broken out in the room over the premises oc- cupied by Mr. H. Matthews, hairdresser, Bridge-st., and the Parr's Banking Co. The room is used as an office by Mr. W. Beesley, architect, of Warring- ton,and at 5 30 on Wednesday evening,Samuel Dring and Harold Hopwood, apprentices to Mr. Beesley, locked the office up leaving a good fire in the grate. The hearthstone was cracked in three places, and slightly opened,, and it is supposed that some hot ashes have fallen out of the grate, and getting through the crevices in the hearth have fallen on the floor joists beneath, and these being very dry have soon ignited. The flames have gradually crept along, and in their course badly burned the doors and floors, and destroyed a number of plans and other valuable papers. The hearth losing its sup• port by reason of the burning of the joists, fell through into the bank premises, but no damage was caused there by the fire. P.C. Green raised an alarm, and Inspector Morgan and P.C.'s Schofield and Burns were quickly on the spot, and by means of buckets of water endeavoured to quench the flames. The fire, however, had got a good hold, and the Viaduct Works fire brigade was sent for. The engine and brigade arrived about three o'clock, and a good supply of water being available, they were able to extinguish the flames by about four o'clock. Mr. Harwood and Mr. Baxter were in charge of the fire brigade. The damage is esti- mated at £2OO, covered by insurance in the County Fire Office.

NEWTON AND EARLESTOWN CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

The second of the winter series of smoking con- certs promoted by the committee of the above club was held in the large billiard-room on Friday night. Mr. R. Stone, J.P., presided, and besides a large number of members there were present—Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, W. Thompson, R. Stuart, and Dr.. Handysicle. The Chairman said he had not the pleasure of attending the first smoking concert,but he had no doubt that they were then congratulated upon the magnificent victory which they had achieved at the last Parliamentary election. He did not see any harm in indulging in those congratula- tions again, for it was a magnificent victory, not only in that division, but throughout the country in general. In the interval between the sitting of the last Parliament,and until the next,several very momentous questions had arisen,more particularly the Eastern question, and the whole c3untry had congratulated itself that at the last election it had returned a Unionist Government with a man like Lord Salisbury at its head as Foreign Secretary, and felt that they had in him a man of backbone,backed up by a Cabinet animated with sentiments in ac- cord with his own. Lord Rosebery might also be a man of backbone, but he had the misfortune not to be backed up by a Cabinet who supported his views.and it was shown that that Cabinet had such an influence over him that he he had not the courage of his own convictions. in Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary, they had a statesman who was not satified merely with talking of the federation of this Empire with its colonies,but who was work- ing to bring his ideas to a satisfactory issue. Through his policy he (Mr. Stone) thought they would have much better trade. (Applause.) An excellent programme of songs, humorous solos, whistling solos, violin and pianoforte solos was submitted with ability by Messrs.T.Jukes,S. Swann, J. Howard, Glover, Alcock, C. H. Lea, E. Leyland, and G. Wright" At the close a vote of thanks to the chairman and the artistes was proposed and se- conded, and heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN BAZAAR.

The opening ceremony on Friday in connection with the bazaar promoted by the Wesleyan body, and held in the Town Hall, Earlestown was per- formed by Mr. J. W. Emmett, J.P. The Rev. J. Bartley presided. and there were present on the platform, Rev. E. R. Davies, Messrs. P. Parr, C. W. Emmett, S. Barrett and J. Gooding. Mr. Emmett,on rising to open the bazaar, said he found himself in a novel position. He hardly knew what to say. (Laughter.) Had it been a District Council meeting, he would have felt more at home, although little breezes did occasionally take place there. (Laughter.) The object of hold- ing that bazaar was to raise a fund to wipe off an old debt, and improve the ventilation,&c.,of the church. He proceeded to give a resume of the work done by the Wesleyan connection during the last 28 years, referring to the lack of school accommodation that then existed and to the provision for elder scholars made by the con- nexion. He then spoke of the building of the new church at a cost of £5,000, a good part of which had been reduced by the proceeds of the opening service,and the holding of bazaars. A year or two ago, the young singers thought that they would sing better if they had a new organ, and this was provided, and altogether they had spent something like £7,000 during the last 28 years. He mentioned these matters to show what the old folks had done—(laughter and applause)—and he trusted that the younger generation would go and de likewise. They wanted between £3OO and £4OO, and to judge from the takings of the previous day, which, he was informed, had amounted to £l2l 10s. ; a good beginning had been effected. He had great pleasure in declaring the bazaar open, and he might tell them that as a result of a few subscriptions, to which he himself had subscribed, he had to band over to the bazaar, the sum of £56. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. Burgess, seconded by Mr. Gooding cordial votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. Emmett and the Chairman. The sale was afterwards vigorously proceeded with, and at the end of the day's business the sum of £125 had been realised. Or. Saturday the bazaar was opened by the Rev. J. Bartley,the Chairman on this occasion being the Rev.H. S.Sandford.During the afternoon the hall was at times in- conveniently packed and as theday advanced the stalls wore an empty appearance, one or two of them being almost denuded of their contents. The doll competition which consisted of dolls dressed entirely by young men, and representing some trade or profession, came in for plenty of attention, something like a dozen young men having sent in some excellent speciments of their handi- work, The winner of the first prize was Mr. W.C.Caw- ley, whose doll represented a cleverly dressed butcher, and Mr. Torrance for a realistic pit brow girl with trow- sets and clogs, obtained the second prize. The others were really meritorious specimens, but those mentioned were undoubtedly the best. Of the side shows that cal- ling for most praise, and which certainly received the greatest amount of attention and eulogiums from the public was the wak works of living figures. This 'was without doubt most cleverly managed, the figures pre- serving their gravity in a remarkable manner, notwith- standing the hearty outbursts of laughter from the audience. Mr. W. Clare, as showman and guide, de- serves every praise for his ingenuity, and the excellent way in which he described the figures, assisted by Mr.F. Howarth (his man Joe). The half-hour concerts were also well patronised, Mr. E. Leyland having got togs- ' ther an excellent company of artistes. On Saturday afternoon a children's concert was given by the scholars of the Sunday School, with Miss Isa Blair as accompanist, and in the evening a concert was given, at which Miss Sunworth accompanied. A humorous entertainment was also given by Mr. A. McAllister, of Liverpool, entitled " Virginia up to late," assisted by his younr, pupil Miss Ada Craig. Edison's phonograph came in for a large share of attention, and Professor J. Howard Barker operated on subjects who desired advice on love, matrimony, &c. Everybody throughout the whole affair worked with a will to ensure success, in fact to use a quotation given in the handbook " Their unanimity was wonderful." The duties of the Secre- taries were no doubt of an arduous character, but their reward and that of the committee who worked with them, will be found in the handsome sum realised dur- ing the three days, which amounted to over £327. We may mention that in addition to those mentioned last week the bazaar has been supported by the follow- ing :--.Messrs. T. T. Vicars, The Sankey Sugar Co., Mr. R. Pilkington, J.P., Mr. G. W. Rawlins, J.P., Mr Joshua Johnson, Mr. W. Thompson, Mr. E. J. Grange, &c.

HOLY TRINITY V. BEIVSRY A.F.C.—This match was played on Saturday, on the ground of the former. The ground was in a very wet and sloppy condition. Trinity won the toss, and elected to play the first half against the wind. The Bewseyites at once cprnmenoed to make things lively, and E. Rigby scored soon after the start. T. Harbourne shortly afterwards added another. This was all the scoring up to about twenty minutes after half time, when Trinity scored their first and only goal, and Bewsey ran out winners by two goals to one. Bewsey throughout played the better game, and Rigby and Leask had hard lines in not adding to the score for them.

Albert Arthur Broadbridee was sentenced to four months' hard labour at the London Sessions on Tuesday for stealing money at a house which he visited In con- nection with his duties as a coroner's officer.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSE AN.

VOLUNTEER. PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.—At Frodsham T 017712 • Hall on Wednesday evening, the Volunteer prize distri- bution and concert were held. There was a veil. large attendance. The priz,is were presented by Mrs. Garrett. They were awarded to the successful comp& titors in the shooting and drill competitions, and in ad- dition, three long service medals were handed to the following honoured recipients :—Sergeant Faulkner,Pri- vate Lloyd, and ex-Corporal Fletcher. An excellent concert was afterwards given. The artistes included Mr. Harry Collins (humorist), Miss Louise Cestria (soloist), and the Chester Glee Party contributed several items which were greatly appreciated. PARISH COUNCIL MRETING.—At the meeting of the Run• corn Rural District Council on Tuesday, the minutes of a meeting of the Parish Council of Frodsham Lordship. held on the 9th lust, Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., presid- ing, were read. They showed that a letter was sub- mitted from Mr. Ockleston with respect to the insanitary condition of his premises consequent, as he alleged,upen no proper water supply and defective drainage. A letter was also read from the Medical Officer of Health in sallies that gentleman stated that there was not a proper water supply at the house mentioned,and that the water closet had had no proper means cf flushing, and was defective in construction and working. Ho had written to Mr. Ockleston who had promised to have his recommenda- tions attended to. The Chairman reported an interview be' had had with D,. Ricketts with reference to the wells at Newton, but without any satisfactory result,and also LO the present time he was in correspondence with the water engineer of the Corporation of Liverpool as to the terms of a supply from the Vyrnwy mains. He had not anything definite to lay before the committee. It was agreed that the Chairman slriuld continue his corres- pondence with the Liverpool Corporation with a view oe ascertaining definitely on what terms they would be prepared to afford a water supply. It was resolved that Mr. Diggle be instructed to prepare a rough esti- mate of the cost of extending the main sewer from Five Crosses to the boundary of the township on the' Newton side ; also that the Clerk write to Mr. Ocklestort saying the Council had under consideration the question of providing a water supply and extensi na of the sewage system, but at the same time requesting that he would carry out the recommendations of the Medical Officer of Health.—The minutes were confirmed by the Rural Council.

T. & IN. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, iWARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE

CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK. STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WONIC

ESTIMATED FOR.

===== 0002601_18951214_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY. Dec. 11.Tri• FRUIT, VEGETABLE: ,POULTRY,. BUTCH&Its", AND

. . FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d. B. d. B. d. 0. Beef, Eng.,V tts 0 sto 0 9 Melons each ... ( 0-0 ° Lamb per lb 0 8-0 10 Oranges, each b Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery V stick 00- 0 8 Veal „ „ - 0 9 Pears 0 0- 0 6; Pork „ „ 0 5-0 8 Aibricots each 0 0- 0 l• Pork sides - 0 1 „ cured 0 4-0 5 Cauliflowers each° 0- 0 2 Whole rgs„ cc 0 0-7 6 Cucumbers each° 6 - 0 0 Geese lb -0 10 cabbages each 0 2-0 1 Fowls V couple 4 0-0 0 Tomatoes rfb 0 4—o 6 Chickens - 5 6 Filberts lb 0 8- 0 11 Ducklings „ 6 0-0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0- 0 1 Rabbits Hares. each ... 0 0 .4 6 Aspar -ms VlOOO 0-0 "' Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes V load 6 0-0 9 Part'idge brace 4 0- 0 0 New potatoesf 9 0 0 -0 Z Grouse „ - 0 0 Musbro.)rns V9O 8-0 10 Pheasants - 5 6 Green Peas Pk ...0 0-0 0 Turkey lb 0 10- 010 Green Sprouts lbo 3- 0 ° Butter, fresh ft 1 2- 1 3 B-aos,kidney tt 0 00 2 - Hen eggs 7 1 0 --0 0 Pomegzanates...o 1- 0 . 0 6 Duck Apples lb - 0 6 Onions „ -0 2 Cheese.... ...... 0 0- 0 0 Grapes „ - 2 0 Fine Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 Good 5O 0-55 8 Greengages VAL 0 0-t) 0 Medium 4O 0-48 0 Cherries 0 0-0 0 Lobster Pit ... 1 4-0 0 Strawberries,, 0 0 0 0 Turbot „ ...... 0 0-1 0 Damsons „ ~ 0 0 - (.. 0 Salmon „ -4 0 Plums ~ 0 o_o 0 Whit•o-s ... 0 0-0 0 Gooseberries „03 - 0 0 Flukes „ 8-0 0 Raspberries ,0 l • I. .0 Bets ~ ~0 Black Currants 0 0. 1.. 0 Soles „ „ - 1 6 Red Currants 0 0- C t., Soarlings - 6 Marrows each 0 0-0 6 Codfish . - 0 0 Seakale V tSIO 0- 0 0 Mackerel each 0 0- 0 .0 Rhubarb bch 0 0- 0 0 Herring f dozen 1 0-1 0

I

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER it 0 at The Exartrin,r Cloneral Printing Works. Beweev-street! and Publishaci a'so t The Examiner Offices, Vietoria-ro!id Wmans ; lligh-street RUNCORN 32, Geory-Itreet.st. Hoiens : cad 33, Ble-,iet-streot, EABLEsTows.—DECEMI" 14 1895.

I

===== 0002601_18951214_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
,-- - GRATIS WITH THE EXAMINER. •;,,, ON SAIURDAY, DECEMBER 21ST, OUR ANNUAL SHEET ALMANAC. PRINTED IN TWO COLOURS UPON TONED PAPER WILL BE PRESENTED TO EACH PURCHASER OF THE EXAMINER. THE SIIEET WILL BE ADORNED WITH VIEWS OF PARR HALL, AND GRAPPEN- HALL HEY ES, AND A . PORTRAIT OF J. C)HARLTON PARR, ESQ. AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND GENERAL INFORMATION. ADVERTISERS WILL DO WELL TO AVAIL THEMSELVES OF THE LARGELY INCREASED CIRCULATION ' OF THE EXAMINER ON ALMANAC DAY. NEWSAGENTS ARE ARE REQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY. HIGH CLASS CONJURING AND VENTRILO- QUIAL ENTERTAINMENT for children or adults, afternoon or evening par ies attended on moderate terms. A pair of first class Ventriloquial I. igures and some tricks for saIe,—FRANYLIN, 47: Claremontroad, Smithdown-road, Liverpool. ' BALL SEASON, 1895-96.—Anderton's Bijou Orchestra.—Bands supplied any number, for 11,11 s, Entertainments, Parties, &c., by E. Anderton, late H.M. Life Guards Band, R A.M., 11.51. State Ball Bands, and principal London Orchestras All the latest music on hand. Novelties procured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone Soloist for Concerts.—For terms Apply R. ANDER- TON, 78, Buttermarket-.treet, Warrington. RUNCORN FREE PUBLIC L I BRA RY.—LEC- Tutu; in Technical Institute TO-NIGHT (FRI- DAY), by Mr. JOHN SKEAPING, of Liverpool, on "Borne Thoughts on Nature and Art." Chair taken at 8 by Mr. SAMUEL POPE. RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY.— SEAS 0 N 1895-6. THE SECOND t '± k j RAND CONCERT cf the Season will be given in the PUBLIC HALL. ON MONDAY, DECEMBER 16TR. PART 1, Barnett's "ANCIENT MARINER." PART 2, MISCELLANEOUS. ARTISTES :—Miss MARY LANGDON, Mrs. BURS TALL, Mr. WILLIAM GREEN, and Mr. ARTHUR BARLOW. Full Orchestra and Chorus of 120 Performers, Accompan- ist, Mr. R. B, Musgrove; Conductor, Mr. F. H. Crossley. " Chair to be taken at 7.15, Concert at 7.45. Admission : . Centre Chairs (reserved and numbered), 30.; Reserved Seats (numbered), 25.; Second Seats, is.; Back Seats, 6d. ' IVIUSEUM PALACE, LIME-ST., LIV ERPOOL ' " A Marvel Without a Parallel." i Nature's Crowning Caprice, COUNT IVAN D'ORLOFF, The Living Transparent and Ossified Man, Prof. CADY, the "Man of Mystery." Marionettes, Illu- sions, and Variety Company. Grand Christmas Programme l'a prbparation. ...... ...... CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS.— The Technical Instruction Committee offer for competition-12 scholarships in DOMESTIC SUBJECTS, tenable for a period of nine weeks at the DAIRY INSTI- TUTE,WORLESTON, COMMENCING January 6th next. Candidates must be 16 years of age and upwards. Also . one Scholarship for Sick Nursing tenable at an approved Hospital. Candidates must be 22 years of age and up- , :. 'wards. Application forms for either of the above can be ;• , , now obtained from the undersigned 1 RICHARD P. WARD, - Crewe. • LANCASHIRE EPIPHANY QUARTER SES- SIONS.--NOTICE is Hereby Given that the GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS OF THE PEACE for the County of Lancaster will be holden at the C ji'de of Lancaster On. MONDAY, the 30th day of DECEMBER instant, at ten o'clock in the forenoon ; and, by adjournment, at the tot- lowing places and times, viz. At the Court House, in PRESTON. on WEDNESDAY, the lst day of JANUARY next, at ten o'clock In the forenoon. At the Assize Court, in MARCH itSTER, on MONDAY, the 6th day of JANUARY next, at eleven o'clock in the fore- noon. At the County Sessions House, in LIVERPOOL. on TUBS- -DAY, the 14th day of JANUARY next, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon. . • The Solicitors engaged in Prosecutions at the said Sessions are required to take notice that all Depositions and Instruc- D . ens for Indictments are required to be sent to the Clerk of ' the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said Session. . respectively. F. C. }HILTON, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston, 11th Dec., 1895. COUNTY OF CHESTER TO WIT. K NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, .that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on /11oNDAy, the 30th day of December instant, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, When the Grand Jury Will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- dreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all pri- soners committed from such Hundreds will take place at Such Sessions. The Grand Jury and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 30th day of December, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be adjourned to the Court House, Rnutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of January next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, % iktaeclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all ;prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such ad- journed Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knistsford, at the opening ot the Court on WED- NESDAY, theist day of January neat,at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 10th December, 1895. -- COUNTY OF CHESTER, CHESTER CASTLE PRISON. TO BUILDERS, STONEMASONS, Szu. THE Standing Joint Committee of the County of Chester are prepared to receive TENDERS for the Purchase of the STONE and other Materals forming that:portion of the Prison at Chester Castle known as the Female Prison. A plan showing the Female Prison, together with the Conditions of Sale, and the access to the Prison for the removal of the materals, can be inspected at the Officil Of the County Surveyor (Stanhope Bull, Esq.), 40A, Bridge-street (West), Ceester, any week day (excepting Saturday) between the hours of 10 a.na. and 4 p.m. Authority to inspect the Building and forme of Tender can be obtained from the same Office between the hours named. Sealed Tenders, endorsed " Female Prison," Must be delivered to the undersigned not later than Franey, the 10th day of January, 1896, at 12 o'clock noon. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the highest or any Tender. REG INALD POTTS. Clerk to the Standing Joint Committee. Chester, 2nd Dec., 1895. ,g I 1 I , , I

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 108. Per Month, Tunings Free. NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED,IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

pIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Swns' easy one. two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers etlch really good pi no on this easy system as CRANE anti SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

f_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned from fi hire.—Far superior to badly-cmstructed. low-priced new ones. Great sale —Grancis and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to I,ny part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

DURCHASBRS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est home in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, C.Ulard, Brard, Steinway, Bache tein, and other makers of repute is Cr .ne and Sons, 217 to 225. Scotland-road. Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by sie. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANS and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

QILII UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

RUPTURES • FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street , Lon- don-road. Manchester.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &e. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China. Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NumismAnns, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

QCHIERWATER AND LLOYD V BOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED RETAIL AGENTS Pea 'IRE WALTHAM WA:i Cli COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BES 2 TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance lO 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 10 0 , 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of U. A. Ch ,not). Strings, Bows, Cases, etc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREHT, LIVERPOOL.

RIGIIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheinel4 and Rieetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, Sm. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.-HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS per oz. i IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, 2s. SC ALPETTES, f 21e. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEEOI3- TREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, MACINTOSHES MADE, ALTERED, REPAIRED, CLEANED Ac., at low charges. Country parcels receive special attention.—The MACINTOSH REPAIRING COM- PANY, 8 PRESCOT-STRIDIT, one door before the Hoye Liver Liverpool.

XMAS, 18g5. TOBACCONISTS .111 find it to their advantage to call and inspect Christmas Show of CIGARS, FANCY GOODS, ere., at WILSON HIGGIN and Co.'s, 38, Paradise-street, Liverpool.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, DAROMBTERS, At 25 per cent. less than Lord-street prices. CHADBTJRN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMBS-STREET. LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

FOREEITED PLEDGES TO B SOLD CHEAP. E Tools of all kings, enormous stock. Men's Overcoats from 33., Men's Trousers from Is. 9d., Men's Vests from is., Men's coats from is. 3d., Boasts from Is., Blankets from is. 6d., Counterpanes from. Is. 35., Jewellery and Cutlery. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROICUR3 AND OOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOM -HILL. LIVERPOOL.

XMAS PRESENTS. SPE CIALITiH. Gent's Hall-marked Silver ALBIIRTS, from 48. 6n. Gent's§and Ladies' Hall-marked cioun RINGS from 3s. My famous Silver Englisb LEVER, £1 15s. T. B. CARLAVELL. 105—DALE-STRIZET--105. LIVERPOOL.

rTMBRELLAS,—PracticaI Manufacturer : re-covered in 1..) Silk from 46. 61., in half an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice.—A large variety of second hand umbrellas from la. 6d, to 2a. 6d. each, Estatai shed 30 years.—McCauLE3r, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office, 168. ISLINUTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 66. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. 250, „ 20s. „ £3 Ba. Od. £lOO, ~ 40a. £8 15s, Od. ALEX. .60RDON, Manager.

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. —GARS- TON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. THE LONDON AND NORTII-NVE,sTERN RAIL- WAY COMPANY gi^e notice that on BANK HOLI- DAY, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26T.f, the GARSTON OLD and NEW DOCKS and the WIDNES DOCK will be closed for Traffic under the Holiday's Extension Act 1875 and the same will be observed as a Holiday at the Dock Offices. FRED HARRISON, General Manager. Eustm Station.

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSE /v GERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1,000.000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3.480,000, 64, CORNHILL LONDON. A VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIG BY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW,Rookery Bridge

NOTICE. TO THE PEOPLE OF WARRINGTON. GAME AND POULTRY, FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE OPEN EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY. With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

END OF SEASON. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, is now offering his entire stock of LADIES' & CHILDREN'S MILLINERY AT ONE-THIRD OF REGULAR PRICES. FELT HATS, 41D. AND is. THIS SEA.: ON'S PRICES. Is. 60. to 4s. lID. BLACK STRAW SAILORS', QM Trimmed, Worth is. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S FELT HATS. Beautifully Trimmed. VELVET RIBBON and WINGS, 2s. 11D. and 3s. lID. Worth, 6s. 11D. and Is. 11D.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS', CHRISTMAS PRE- BENTS, Dolls, Bassinettee, Mail Carts, Tricycle horses, stool horses, wheel barrows, toys. Children's high chairs, horses and carts. Useful Presents. Wringing machines from 355., mail carts. mailettes. The beet in the trade re- gistered design Bassinettes direct from the maker, 20 years' experience, ULDERKIN.-192, LONDON-ROAD. Liverpool.

LEQH HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES Desires to inform his customers that PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS Should be placed on order as early as possible, to ensure their being ready in time, at this dull season of the year. MR. BIRTLES begs to say that Experiments are being tried with a new ARTIFICIAL LIGHT, and if found practical the same will be put in use for Night Photography and on dull days. Further notice will be given.

THE NEW WINTER OVERCOATINGS. Having completed my arrangements for the Winter Season. I am now pre- pared to Show a complete New Stock of WINTER OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS at THREE GUINEAS. C. SUNDERLAND. 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM GILL, FAMILY BUTCHER AND CONTRACTOR. 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WA.RRINGTON. ORDERS BY POST OR CARRIER RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning; LIMN, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; WINWICK, PE NKETH, SANKEY and BOLD, Tuesdays and Fridays; MOORE, DARBSBURY, NORTON, Le., Wednesdays and Fridays. TELEPRONR 118.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATS MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON ME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD.. BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE, Arpley Station, Warrington. I COAL Sinxmos : SLATE WHARVES. Telephone No. 19 Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Masson-street, Runcorn. Gareton,, Mold J n. Arpley, Warrington

SUN INSURANCE I,47DJFICE, FOUNDED Sum INSURED IN 1894.--£393,622,400. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickmere ec Son, Bridge-et. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55,1forsernarket-stree Messrs. Voisey and Worthlngton,2l Ring-street Mr. It. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal HOOFING COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SoN GROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCH HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :_J WESTGARTII. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, Rouse mders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manehider MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWIcH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown am' Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FR EE every PRIDAY,II am.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by 11.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Beat to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TENTH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS. TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. 1 MAC DONALDS' TEETH are aids toHealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' 'MTH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street, I MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Hotwioh, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

LATEST NOVELTIES IN CHRISTMAS CARDS, SPECIAL LINES IN Id., 2d., 3d. A 44. CARDS. THE PLACE FOR PRESENTS. W. H. PODMORE, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES FOR LANCASHIRE MEN. THE ABOVE WELL-KNOWN SILVER ENGLISH LEVERS WILL BE SOLD FOR 275. SD. AT ROBINSON'S. 72, BUTTRIIMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. INT S 0006 AND CON'S ANNUAL SALE OF NOVELTIES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS, 4S. IN THE POUND. SPLENDID STOCK OF GOLD BROOCHES, BANGLES, RINGS, PINS, LINKS, STUDS, &c., &c. GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, BEST QUALITY AND LOWEST PRICES. THE 425. LANCASHIRE WAI CH FOR 345. LARGE STOCK OF MOUNTED LEATHER PHOTO FRAMES, FITTED BAGS AND DRESSING CASES. 22 CARAT GUINEA GOLDS WEDDING RINGS. SOLID SILVER PLAIR. BEST ELECTRu PLATE. CLOCKS, BRONZES, OPERA GLASSES, &c., CIGAR, CIGARET FE AND CARD CASES. MATCH BOXES Fer SOLID SILVER. SPECIAL DISCOUNT, 4s. IN THE NICKEL KEYLESS WATCH, WARRANTED, SALE PRICE, 86, 6D. W. WOODS AND SON. WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. CORNER OF SANKEY-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET. WARRINGTON.

LADIES' ANDI GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER Ia the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. Ce JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

G lIINNEss,s DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTBR ALBS. 4.LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHBATLBY'S HOP BITTERS. WHBATLBY'S GINGER BRIM. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

FIRE! FIRE!! MEI!, W. P. & W. SKELION LTD. WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORSEMARKET- LTRILET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

FOR GOOD VALUE IN CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S, GO TO tINS WORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. THE LARGEST SELECTION IN TOWN.

Cl-1 RISTMAS 1895. SEASONABLE GIFTS. EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. COMMENCES SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30TH, AND CONTINUES THROUGHOUT DECEMBER. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT 2s. in the R. E. & A. EUSTANCE beg to announce their ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE, during which the whole of their ENTIRELY NEW and EXTE 5. SIVE STOCK will be subject to a BONA FIDE DISCOUNT of 25. in the £ oft their uniformly low plain figure prices. A Splendid Assortment of the LATEST SEASON NOVELTIES Especially suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Inspection most respectfully invited irrespective of purchase. A Magnificent Range of GOLD AND UFEM J EWELLERY as follows :- Gem ENGAGEMENT RINGS, prices from 38. 6d. to £4O. Gold SIGNET and KEEPER RINGS (Hall marked) from 45. to £2. The new Twist and Coll RINGS, in get. and 18ct. gold from 6s. to £1 105. Solid Gold (Hall marked) SCARF PINS and PIN STUDS from 4s. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) BROOCHES and EA 11- RINGS from 45. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) LINKS and SOLITAIRES from ss. to £2. Ladies' Solid Gold ALBERTS and GUARDS. Gents' Solid Gold (Hall marked) ALBERTS in Oct. and 18ct. Gold sold by weight at lowest competitive price per oz. WEDDING RINGS. 22c1. Guinea Gold, sold by weight from 7s. 6d. to 505., every size always in stock. Solid Silver Jewellery of every description, Solid Silver Plate, best Blear° Plate including all the Leading Designs and Novelties. CLOCKS, BRON Z ES, BAROMETERS, &c. Also a most varied Selection of Silver Ornaments, Flower Stands, Brushes Mirrors, Trays, Button Hooka, Shoe Lifts, Hand Mirrors, Scent, Salts, and Toilet Bott'es ; Cigar and Cigarette Cases, Match Boxes, Sovereign Parses, etc. Small Fancy Clocks in Gilt, Bronze and Silver, eminently suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. FANS. A very choice assortment of the above in the latest and most fashionable designs. WATCHES. Gold WATCHES from 505. to £25. Silver WATCHES from 12s. 6d. to £6. WATCH OPECIALITIES. Our well-known English Watch Specialities are all hand-made English silver Patent Levers, Capped. Jewelled, and fitted with all the latest improvements, prices ranging from 455. to £5. E -eh Watch is fully Guaranteed for 15 years. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT 23. IN THE g. E. & A. EUSTANCE, WATMMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. (Estlblisked 1864).

FANCY GOODS. PICTURES. PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGR-STREHT, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND DITHRYTHIN G

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia.Oanister M., 10d., and la. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDHS AND SON, WARRINGTON

PASSAGE BOOKINGS. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. SPECIAL CHEAP RATES TO CAPE COLONY (South Africa) AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, AMERICA and CANADA. PAMPHLETS and fullest information sent post free on application to WILLIAM WATSON AND CO. PASSENGER and SHIPPING EXCHANGE, 23. WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. H Mum, Telegrams, Manager. "Stateroom," Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. \I" LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via _ Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not carried on Passenger Jleanters. *TEUTONIC Wed.. Dec. 18 BRITTANIC Wed.. Dec. 25. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*. Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISSILY. IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.0.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD; JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR lUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- V DAY and or BOSTON every THURSDAY.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:RIVAT;E DENTISTRY:. ;TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each' patient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless ExtractkiitiraosuihgxVieto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of, the late J. 11. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Ewa.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (Nar. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, OE FRIDAYS, 18, AppLEMAILKET-ST

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, CHRISTMAS CARDS. HERBERT Mr. NAYLOR, BOOKSELLER. STATIONER AND FANCY GOODS DEALER. 21, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. LATE " OBSERVER " OFFICE. A large and; Beautiful Selection of li ANCY GOODS AND BOOKS, Suitable for Presents, for the Season. CHRISTMAS CATALOGUE may be had on Application. MAGAZINES.—Discount of 2d. in the is, off Magazines.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

EZARD, BUILDBR AND CONTRACTOR, FRARNHRAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Ere and Life Assurance &mat.

IT MAY INTEREST YOU to know we are Belling Off the entire Stock of Fancy Goods regardless °least. From every Is. you spend we return you 4d.; a chance of a lifetime to buy Christmas Presents. Christmas Cards as usual. Photos as Christmas Cards, taken by day or night, regardless of the weather. J. Parkinson, The New Patent Light Studio, 45, Sankey-at., Warrington.

J. Mos S. FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, IMUTTON, VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All Werra promply attended to arid delivered when require. M'S CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FANCY GOODS

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMES'S-STREET, • WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON. LAMB. VEAL. PORK, AC., Always on band. from 50. to 80. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

THOMAS j. RIGBY, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINDTON. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :--10, MERSEY MOUNT.

JOS EPLE TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALL WARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSI ETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122 BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREET. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a Bona-fide CLEARANC SALE of about SO First Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to clear. 'COME EARLY AND 0110035 FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE A " Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A" Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE 0 LUNG HALL'S: R ESTORE R FOR INFLUENZA Registered, AND ALL CHEST LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSES VIE POWEIR LUNG to SOOIEE, RELIEVE and HEAL, which exists in 0. RESTORER other preparation. LUNG Fon COUGHS on RESTORER COLDS' Never Fails. It NEVER FAIL 9 to GIVE LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE Is A SOOTHING PO' T .UN G LuDE TO THE CHILB. , 1 -A-4 I RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP LUNG Calm and Refreshing. IN RESTORER DOES NOT CONTA , LAUDANUM orIUDI. or Never Fails MORPHIA. . LUNG FOR WHOCRING RESTORER cutJalli i UNG x_.. RESTORER salloevßerEFßails IT ACTS LIKE A CFIARBI. Children like it. , MALL'S ONE 131 2D. BOTTLE. PROVES ITS VALUB. lb Registered ESTABLISHED 40 )(BARS GIVES I Is STANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF FAILS FAILS.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKEE, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

SPECIAL NOTICE.—LAST WEEK OF CHRISTMAS BEDDING CLUB. MAGNIFICENT Pair of Bronze Marlu HORSES, in grand conditien, very massive, only out Payments taken. this week, not to be equalled at the price. Call and inspect for your- 383. selves. For

JUST out, splendid 5-string BANJO. very po Rerfni tone, Payments taken. electro-plated rifle, with 36 plated brackets, best style, extra well finished, only 2 7S. 6D.

VERY Handsome Marble CLOCK, V new design, strikes hoursand hours on eathedml gong, correct Payments taken. timekeeper. English lever move- ment, opal dial. well worth 5 guineas. 525. 6D. Our price for Christmas only

RAND Pair of Birch enclosed 1.../ DRESSING TABLES, on- Payments taken. scratched, sold elsewhere for 475. 395. 6d. Our price for pair only

VBRY Handsome Solid Gold BROOCH, quite new, newest shape, very pretty design, only Payments taken. Rs. 6cl Also very pretty Diamond Brooch, unique pattern, Government 10S. VD, Hall marked, genuine bargain for

SEE our new Stock of RUGS from 3s. 3d.. OILCLOTHS from is. 2ct., LINOLEUM S from Is. lid. Entirely Lew patterns for Christ- Payments taken. Mac Largest and best stock in town for the money. Inspection Invited.

The fellowlng articles were forfeitPd this week. Silver Centre Seconds ChronogrAph • too WATCH 359. Lady's Diamond and Ruby Dress RING- 149. 6d. Handsome Gold PENDANT 12s 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, engraved cases 599. 6d. Handsome Solid 9-carat Gold BROOCH 59. 11d.

ASTROLOGY.—Butiness prospects, marriage, ac. is. ; Partner described, 7d. ; send bi-th-time, description or photo.—Mr. JAMES, 1, Corn Exchange-st., Cambridge. x HANDSOME Wedding Present, Brazilian Silver, white throughout, 60 paces table plate, 17s. 6d. ; sample spoon and fork, is.—hfiss CLIFFORD, SS, Brixton-road, London.

VLECTRIC ALARM CLOCKS, w:th Bell, Battery, Switch, 14 Wire, 15e. ; Electric Bell Sets. complete, 6s. 6d. Catalogues 2d.—GolTox BROOK, Electric Works. klanci-ester. VLASTIC STOCKINGS, Extra Qualities, Thread 3s. 6d• X/ Silk 63.. each post free, direct from the Maker, W. H. MADDOCK. Aired-street South ; Nottingham. Every Article guaranteed. Cheaper Qualities to order,

FARTHENWARB and CHINA.--Reconds, £2 crates; bee. £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Wrlte for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Langton, Safto:dshire.

ESTABLISHED 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- estion.—W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-at, Longton. ht,ffordshire.

:LIGHT UP THE HOME, with our Celebrated Electric Lights, comp ising Lamp, Powerful Eitteries, wire, ect., complete from 2s. 9d. List, stamp. Hnndr eds sold weekly.— S. Molsmvs, Chorlton-rostd, Manchester. rOHN LOWE, Fire and Duet-proof dAFE MAMIE, has ON t., SALE Milner. Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-band ; very cheap ; 100 to ohoose from —3B, Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

&Gl(' LANTRRNS, slides, and accessories, Photographic .L.T.L Enlarging Lanterns, Stereoscopes (and views), Micro- scopes, dm, new and second-hand. Incandescent gas lamps or Magic La terns —Pnorooas.puto DEPOT, 71, Oxford-it. tAll Saints). Manchester.

QOPT CORiSki.—A sure cure for this painful affliction sent '3 free for 7d.—A CLARK E. 31, Ship-street, Brighton. x U-USEFUL CHRISTMAS BOX.—American, PrenCh and Canadian delicious Cake, Toilet, Work Recipes ; 6d. the 10t.—M.11., 10, Elm Place, South Kensington.

BULBS, 2e. 64. collection.—Six Hyacinthus, 24 Crocus, 12 double Tulips,l2eingle tnlips,l2Narcissus.l2 Snowdrops, 12 Daffodils, 12 Iris, 12 Anemones, 12 winter Aconites, 12 Wood Hyacinthus. 12 Star of Bethlehem. 25.6d.10t; carriage paid.—THEODOHE TURNER, Great Sutton.Sntton, Chester. IAIOR ALL Impurities of the Blood, Eruptions of the Skin, Pimples on the Face take " FLISTCHBR'S BLOOD PURIFYING MEDICINE." Chemists everywhere in bottles Is. 10. and 2s. 6d. Copy of unsolicited Testimonials with trial bottle for 14 stamps.—FLE.Tnnna. chemist, Bckington, Rotherham.

OH INA and EARTHENWARIC—Bnyers are strongly ad- vised to send for pr ce lists of Dinner Sets, Ted. Sets!, Tuilet Sets ; China and Barthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds single set ot anything sent as sample. Bay direct from the Pot- teries.—.W EBB andlCo.,Longton.titaff.lrdsliire Potteries, x

FISH! FISH! FISH! On receipt of 103. we will for- ward 10 stone of Cod, Ling, Haddock, and Plaice ; splendid quality, well-Iced: or on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d. will forward a bass of finest selected Fish, carriage paid to any part of Great Britain. Notway Herrings 10s. per box,—. GREAT 13PITAIN FISH AND OYSTER SUPPLY COMPANY', Grimsby Docks.

SBND YOUR FRAYED-OUT SHIRTS by post ang have New Linen Fronts, Cuffs. and Collar-bands put to them at 2s, 34. each, six for 13. 29. 91. each, six for 169, ; cufes and collar bands only, 13.34 , Is. 4d.. is. 6d. each; fronts and collar-bands, is. 6d., ls. 91., 2s. each : any style. Re- mittance with order. Returned free In two days.—THE Slam WAIMHOUSE, 6, Western-road, Brighton. Mention this pap-r.

rrHEIMPHOVED HALF-OUINISA COSTUMES, made to 1 measure, by The Bon Marche in Custle•st., Shrews- bury, is now handsomely trimmed with jet, bend for pa,' erns of ma.erial, trimmlogs and fashion plate to Pro prietors, LEDGER AID LEDGER, the only known makers of Half-guinea Costumes to measure. KlNitaTlOsSuCpOpri,BeS. ainadaaPhsonkiongnraeprhs ;nerecrededs,s. films and CiIiRISTMAS CARDS, 50 really good cards, including olding, Jewelled, Autograph. Comic. Children's Cards. Is. 3d. free.—LEE, 85, Thu.low-st., Walworth, London.

A BOOK FOR LADIES. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the un- married to read. No book is writtan which goes so thoroughly into matters relating t married women. Some may think too much is to'd ; such can scArcely be the case, for knowledge is power, and the means of attaining happinPss. The book can be had, in envelope from Mt. ALLINSON, 30, Ilygeia, Spanish-sdace, Manchester- square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for le. 2d.

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore lives. and all Skin Diseases. causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Qet a pot and test its graAt and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps. from 1101,1MOYD'S DRUG STORES, Cleck- heaton. Yorks.

LADIES.—A Messaizo for You!!! In all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy,known all over the world as DASM A IL'S SP SC I F 10. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful ' %see that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINN. A Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wondlrful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies a testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of ENO) upon retelpt 01 stamped envelope to A. DASMAIL, 376, Langdale, Waltharnstow. Established nearly 50 years. x

gligellantous. SMALL PACKAGES Shipped to all parts of the world at lowest possible prices.—CHABLES ALLLN, Shipping Agent, 110. Leadenball-street, London. SUFFERERS from Indigestl, n, Nervous Weakness, to.— Send stamped envelope to Mr. JARDINE, Stoneyrock, Leeds, for one week's free treatment of Zephodeaa.

P HOTOGRAPHY.—To Prevent P.O.P. Prints Sticking to Glass or Ferrotype use Bizz Paste; excellent results ; 6d, Bottle post 70.-IlHomPsow and HEIGHLYT, 157, North Hill-street, Liverpool.; DAD EYES.—A most EXCELLENT RECIPE for curing A/ weak, sore, or Inflamed eyes, rarely fails, inexpensive. sent tor 7d.— A. CLARKE, fl, Ship-at.. Brighton. .

WHOLBSALB BOOT W REHOUSB, 126, KENSINGTON- Liverpool.—Send Postal Order for 3s , I will send you one pair of Ktd Lace or Button Boots, value 4s. lid., retail, any size; for Is. 3d one pair Leather Slippers value 2s. 6d.

HALL MARRED SILVER MOUNTED PIPE given to every purchaser of fib. Gilbert's Shlt XI G MIXTURE (first order outs). excellent flivour. Ev-ryone delighted. Nineteen stamps.—E. HUNTLEY, Horsetair, hidderminster.

GOUT and RHEUMATISM promptly RELIEVED and SPEEDILY CURED, simple and efficacious remedy; send thirteen penny stamps for full recipe post tree, saving exorb.taut doctor', fe.s.—H. Coax.e.y, 163. Ham Park-road. I London E. Completely cured Advertiser.

TIOR PILES, Inward, outward, or bleed,ng. take Sped- ding Baselip and be cured, as hundreds before. Sold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Propeetor—SPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. Is. a boa ; post free Is. 2d.

HOMB lIMPLOYMINT.—PIain writers preferred. either .ex, for Book Agency Correspondence ; no csnvasiing. Specimen copy and Insrructions. is, ; good payment genuine.—CHANEY and Co., li'amont-road, London. N.

ONK SHILLINd-PElt VOLUME.—Messrs. Sharpe and Kellett, Boot, hinders, Printers, Lithographers and Stationers, /cc., 8, Verno .-st., I iverpool. Bind all Maga- zines, such as 'Leisure Hour" and " Cornhill," in full cloth lettered at One Shilling per Volume.

I ATE RISING.—The only sure remedy. Our wonderful ELECTRIC SET will awaken the most sleepy servant. Complete 6s. 6d. Inspection invited. Addresses' ELEcr Bic DEPOT, Exchange Statirn, ana 24, Mancheater-atreet, Liver- pool. Telephones, Dynamos, Thitte.les, Ac. -DROWN Oak BOOKCASE, plate glass doors, 6ft. Sin. long, _LP Bft. 61st high, of the best quality, PICTURES. &a., and other good Second-h,tnd FURNITURE. too numerous to be meutioned, to be sold cheap.—A. REDFERN, 22 and 24, City- road, 5 minutes' walk from Central Station, Manchester.

FOR SA.LE, bargaln.—Handsome Lady's and Gentleman's presentation Silver Keyless WATCH. in case, by good maker, value £4 lOs each, sent post free for £1 each.— Address Messrs. SMITH and MILLS, 12, Stanley Gardens, Acton Vale, London, W.

1181033. NATORK'S MSDICINB.—JOHN BOOTH, Medical Herbalist,Crewe,2s years' experience.lSufferers from Indigestion, Blood Impurities, Nervousness, Gravel, Sluggish Liver, Private ComplAints. Sm. Advice and circu- lars free. Herbal Medicine and Pills, week's supply, Is. 3d., properly mixed to suit complaint.—Try Nature's 'remedies.

GUN.—UNQUBSTIONABLB BARGAIN. First rate, English make guaranteed, double barrelled 12 bore breechloader, centre fire, double bolted, Top lever, rebounding locks, spring forend, circular hammers, spriagless ere. horn heelplate, engine turned rib, handsome dark grsined walnut st,ck, pistol hand, well finished, neat engraving, English Government proof barrels, grand killer, condition equals new, approval, carriage paid, £2 15s.—W. COOTE REYNOLDS, Devonshire-street, Holborn, London.

25,000 Pays Cr LEGGINGS, just passed out of ser- vice, very strong and good-looking, with whalebone stiffening up sides, strap top and bottom, leather lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound trp and bottom. Cost 7s. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. J. GASSON, Government contractor. Rye. LOOIE LOOK t—Greatest Bargain ever cffered. A Brand New WATERPROOF HOOD and CAPE GIVEN AWAY with every pair of my Army Rugs which are Bft. long. 6ft. wide, Weigh over 4113.; 6s, a pair, suitable for bedcovering, horse rugs, etc.—HENRY ROBINSON, Rye, Sussex.

CIHRISTMAS CARDS.—Our cheap Packets of Christmas l_/ Cards are better value than ever. Ninerenny Parcels contain 50. 20. or 12 good Cards. Or 100, 40, or 20 Choice Cards for Is. 30. Tyrtmty Cards, value over 60. each, sent tor 2s. 100. ;or nine 60. Cards for is. 3d. Ten specially good Comic Cards for is. id.—Address COLLINS & Cos., 511. Lupus-street, London, S.W.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES. --- Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obstinate or Icng-standing, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as tesdfled to by Imrdreds of cases; they are without parellel In medical science; have saved thousands trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price IIet.—QUALIFIED CHEMIST, 201, Greet Anconts-it.. Manchester.

-- ROSE—One dozen Dwarf Hybrid Perp..tuals, comaris- ing A. K. Williams, Alfred Colomb, Baroness Roths- child, Beauty of Waltham, Charles Lefevre, Fisher Holmes, Gloire de Margottin, General Jacqueminot, Magna Charta. Meryeille de Lyon, Mrs. John Laing, Reynolds Hole. All deseriptims of tiose Trees, Plants, Bulbs, Seeds, quoted for on application to W. J. THREFALL, 25, Brooklands-road, Burnley. Lancashire.

AN Improved Method of FRENCH POLISHING, VARN- IStaNG. WOOD STAINING, EBONIZING. RE-POL- ISHING, ,tc., proficiently taught at home by a practical man. All Recipes for polishes, Varnishes, Stains and Revivers given ; also mixing colours for Painters, wood graining and polishing on grained work and decorations, post free le.—D. KIRKWOOD, 42, Gledhow-streq, Armley, Leeds, Testimonial: —•• Mr. Kirkwood, I have learned to French Polish. &c., very well from your instructions and recipes and now take work on my own account, which pays very well.—Yours. W. H. Lewis, Wittin Park, near Darlington." _ _

EXTRAORDINARY °MRS.—STARTLING NOVIIL- TUN. WONDERFUL NICKUL SILVER MATCH BOX with your name richly engraved on it. A puzzle to open, C.lllBtB endless fun, makes a GRAND CHRISTMAS PRESENT. Price la. 3d. A NICKEL SILVER CIGARATTE CASA, richly chased, your name also engraved. Price 15.9.1. worth treble. We are offering too, this WONDRRFUL POCKET KNIFE, Sheffield Blades, Real Ivory Handle for In. 90. your name engraved In grand style. All articles are English made and well got up. We are reducing their price to give you a cheap ggodl article for Christmas. Order at once. Support Home Industries. Any name can be put on articles. Postal order to TISLOB (Agent for Lancashire). Quarry Inn, Whiston. Present, Lancashire.

Co be let. pENKETH. COTTAGES, 21, Bd. per week. UNION STREET, SMALI., WORKS in centre of town. ATAEKET GATB.-3-Storey WAREHOUSE; £l5. Snit lvi Plumber or Painter, &c.—Apply Mr. lionehT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate. 29 RUTTBR?dARKET-STREBT.—large SHOP and Yard; £55. PERdCeelto-rSaTt:223sE9T6:d.olLna jieniae. 6 Roomed houses, re LYTIIGOES-LANE : Good Cottage 4s, 6d. Apply, 'ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

COUNTRY PUBLIC, market town, near London, present hands 13 years, profitable trade, comfortable home, fully furnished; stabling, greenhouse, garden; Cash £350. HALL AND WHITEMAN, Finsbury Circus Buildings, London. B.C. Licensed Properties fur bale and wanted, town and country ; £lOl to £2400.

911-1 B CHITHRION, 83, Church-street, will be Let, on exc9edingly easy terms, to a suitable lenant. Large trade. Best position for restaurant and spirit vaults in Liverpool.—Apply E. C. ANDEnTox, 101, Dale-street, Liver- pool.

AID BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. luteres, lower I.,han elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Lettea promptly att-nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Harlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine aud extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE, PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- it., Manchester.

MONEY.-210, to 21.000 advanced on promissory Note. Furniturs. (withoutremoval), etc. Metropolitan Credit Company, 222, City-road, London. Bstablished 1E56. Deposit accounts opened, interest from 5 per cent. to 7f per cent Send post card for Financial Almanac, containing full particulars and letters from clients.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. wt. JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCEk PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. 40NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOOL MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written protoise to pay back.—Apply r t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

ONEY.—A • PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a JL large Capital will make ADV NCBS from £5 to £5OO to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen. and to all Classes worthy of redit, r mply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fee. The Money can be advanced. if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If yeu cannot get an advanc from we it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply ME. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off nkey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt atteution. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

- tiE ONBY LBNT on note of band alone, without sureties, ILL publicity, or security. from £2O to £5,000, to ladles or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anteed. Bills discounted, Res- t actable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender.' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- eornmodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

X 3 TO X 500• ON YOUR OWN SiSCURI FY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ Ra) „ „ £lO £2.6 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assurance Policies, Re- versions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Moe hums 10 to?, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £1 000, to respectable persons, on tbs Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties j Also on Deeds I Repayments. „ Delay. I„ Life Polices I 6d. in the 2 „ Law Costa. I do. weekly,monthly Publicity. I or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS reques'.ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Mancnester Chambers 48s, Market-st., Manchester.

NOTICE.— !HE IMMENSE FIEsT EDITION OF CASSELL'S MAGAZINE for DECEMBER. having been Exhausted, a SECOND EDITION has been pro- duced which Is now on Sale at all Booksellers.

A NOVEL FOR NOTHING. A COMPLETE NOVEL by E. W. HORNUNG, The well-known Author of " A Bride from the Bush," Ao. Is Presented to readers of CASSELL'S MAGAZINE for DECEMBER, In addition to its usual Contents which are of more than ordinary interest.

£2O FOR AN OPINION! The DECEMBER NUMBER of CASSELL'S MAGAZINE is o: such a unique and extraordinary character that the pub, fishers are offering NUMEROUS CASH PRIZES For Opinions. inzluding a FIhST PRIZE of £2l Full par- ticulars will be found in the DECEMBER Issue, now ready price 6d CASSELL & COMPANY, LIMITED, and all Booksellers.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares Is fully ex- plumed in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London. EA).

r REE TO MEN, When you are tired of taking ti tuseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weakness, &e., from whatever elusearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope 0,- receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. Lksw. 9E-93. G• t Russell-street. London. W.O A BOOK FOR MARR

The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, awl it willnot harm the unmarriep to read. The book is conveniently divided into 12 chapters The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age or marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman shotild live during the pregnant state. The slate chapter treats f mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, 13... t rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that worn en should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that co nfinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat he mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh Chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how thesemay be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book Is written which goes so thoroughly into matters elating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can srarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means et attaining happiness. The book can be ha from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, Spanish-place Man Chester-square. London, IV., in return for a Postal Order for is. Id

DIAMOND and GOLD JEWELLERY. MONDAY NEXT. and FOUR FOLLOWING DAYS, at the MART, 37, CORPORA- TION-STREET, MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. R. WILLIAM ELIAS will SELL BY AUCTION .13..a_ a magnificent Stock of DIAMOND and GOLD JEWELLERY. View mornings of sale. Catalogues on application.

Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, °Mem—Market Gate Chambers' ). Warrington .' AUCTION BOOMB—No.I Rank Street AGENT TO—Sun Tire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accid en t Plate Glass ,F idellty Guar- ante:: and Employers Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Bollerlnsurance Company, ,Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS GY EOFZGE GROUNDS, MARKET-STREET CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON, (Late 10 years assistant collector an assessor or Income Taa,The House Duties, and Land TAX to Mr. Thomas Sutton, Legh-street, Warrington). ESTATE AND I NSURANCE AGENT. Rents collecte.i on reasonable terms. ' INCOME TAX WORK A SPECIALITY.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57, WHITECIIA ?EL, LIVERPOOL. • ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by ~everal Building Societies (Permanent) mi easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADTANCFS ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, •• Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALVE. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChArrERS, SALEROOM:— 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENIS INVITED.

-- XTEW and Second-hand BICYCLES and TRICYLES ; I.' l Ladies', Gentlemen's, Juvenhes', cheap. Incubators and Bearers on hire-purchase; stamp reply.—ROuGn, ereford.

NRW Highest Grade BICYCLBS all '95 improvements, ti detachable Tyres. Humber made Zdon No. 1, also 3 Bonuwicks Coventry. Bach £9, one M.C. Humber £9 15s. List price £23. Guarantee 12 months, Railway allowed. Money wanted taken for debt—TRUE OCK. 40, Shakespeare- St ockport-road, Manchester.

HO OPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATBR-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes. and Pluetons. now for Sale or Hire.

W. P. & WT. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they rye light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for " West's " ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 281bs. weight, price £ll 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 its. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from Is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d. each. „ mun GUARDS from is. 2d. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each. „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 40. each. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. W. P. & WT. SKELTON, LTD, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MIME I FIRE! FIRE! 11—Genuine sale of extensive stock of PIANOS, ORGANS, Ac., previous tore-build- ing of premises, owing to the recent tire. Easiest terms arrAnged to effect a clearance.—T. PAYNE, 103, Approach- road, Cambridge Heath.

VIOLIN FOR SALE, very fine Instrument. rich tone, V grand model of old master, beautiful varrush,also splen- did ebonized case, bow, tutor, chin rest, tuner, etc. ; price 255. for everything, worth £3; sent for inspection before payment, willingly.—FßANK ROLPIC, 1, Bloemfontein-road, London, W.

ORGAN FOR SALO, one manual, by Jackson, of Bolton, at Newchurch Church, near Kenyon Junction and Cul- cheth Stations.—Rev. W. F. BLIC/C, D.D., Newchurch Rec- tory, Warrington.

SPECIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear at: any price. Several square pianos 5} octaves, from £1 ss. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Erinemead Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard a Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ ill oak case, cost £25 ......... About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard, Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, liud Ibach, Newmeyer,Weber.

MICR BALE Complete TURNOUT, would suit Lady and Children ; quiet in saddle and harness. Good action ; price £35.--Apply WILLIAM HAIGH 61, Tunnel-read, Edge- bill, Liverpool.

DRBTTY POLLY I Yes, the "Parrot Trick" has been J. worked successfully many a time and Ott. Your safest plan l to go to sonte large importer and purchase direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply gdod birds, as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same, while th,,swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the "Yorkshire Weekly Post." -WILLIANI CHOSS, Liverpool. the Largest Importer of Birds, Beasts, and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

SO E oHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary 1:ook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees. cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. Is. 20 ot , 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases 3f Horses, Doge, &c. from CONDY'S FLUID W oRKs, 61. Turnmill-street. Low-1011,8 .C.

END (line of docks).—Prominent Free Corner kJ, SPIRIT VAULTS, newly renovated. Ongoing £130; half can remain on.—Apply ANIMATOR. 10,Dale-street, Liver- pool.

TORTRTH PARK.-11xcel1ently fitted. Free SPIRIT -11.. VAULTS. Most respectable and genuine business proved over £2O weekly. Only 220.—ANDEBTON, 101. Dale - street, Liverl,ool.

rut() ytit SOLD, the lenant's Interest in the Goodwill, _L Fixtures, an , of that old-established and well-known Licensed House, West Derby Hotel, situate in the centre of that great pleasure resort, West Derby, There are large premises attached, yard, stabling. &c., adjoining tha entrance to Croxteth Park, and the trans terminus is opposite the door. The house has been successfully carried on with one change of tenancy in 42 years —Cards to view apply B. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH. EXTENSION OF PREMISES. Have secured 19 and 21, Hilton-st., which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldham-st. MARVELLOUS OPPORTUNITY. MAGNIFICENT BARGAINS. THE SALE AT GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM- STREET (next to the Adelphi Bank), MANCHRSTER.

WANTED to HIRE for ab3ut three weeks during altera- tion. STEANI ENGINE about 40 h-o. ; Under TYPO Driven preferred ; steam provided from present bol,er. Wanted about February. State where can be seen.—Address BLACKMTOCK-ST. SAMTILLS, Liverpool.

TWO 61n. THRUST SHAFTS. with pedestals and G.M. bearings, new; hy an eminent local firm. A number of Pressure Gauges, Fittings, and 12 Ton Lifting Snrews.— Apply T. HOOKING, 1, Thomas-St., Liverpool.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod kJ Girier,on, and CO. Limited), Ilulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- catton.—Telephone 229.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers. Engines, Steam Hammers, &Co, now ready. Apply. t•JCOTT BROS., Halifax. Parent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect saving of from 15 to 25 per cent, gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

ENGINE. —Horizontal High-pressnr, Steam Engine. bY Thomas liobhason and Son, imitett, Rochdale, 18in. bore cylinder, Win. stroke • 1 ft fly-wheel; 14. n. belt; two 4in. Piekerng governors; lOOlbs. boiler pressure; good eon- dition ; at liberty in about three months. (Jan be seen work- ing at BLACICSTOCK-ST. SAWMILLS. Liverpool. No dealers need apply.

1:11 A THIN T OFFICE MANCHE R. STE ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha. 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-hem to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M. 8.1/". 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. 1 LICK AND UO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. • HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &O. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread," Copper Sewn, or . (.3EMENTED ()NLT. BortA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, ' Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, NewpOrt, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

AUREL BANK SCHOOL, HIGHER BROUGH- _I_4 TON, MANCHESTER. Careful training for Vr°f!'B- - or commercial life, thorough preparation tor Universal Examinations ; healthy locality ; large ile!d for garne°• few boardersare recelved.--.J. A. SUTTON, QT. PAUL'S MIXED SCHOOLS, SOUTHPORT- L. 7 Assistant Master wanted, Churchman. Drawing, Tonic-Solfa, Disciplinarian. Upper htandards, £7O.—APPIY The VICAR.

QT.CATHERINE'S SCHOOL, WIGIAN.—WANTEP ASSIS TART Ex. PT. Salary, Male, £55; female, £4° (for Boys' Department). Send copies of Testimonials to the HEAD MASTER.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SMA...I. HOME, SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guillet. yearly. Healthiest phce in England. Delicate and bac,. ward boys under the speolal care of Principal's wife, who is very succesAul in their training. There having been 13° medical visit durinz the last ten years,—AddressDr. Ans D— • _ _ M-R. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHEa AIL OF THE PIANOFORTE, VICTORIA LODGE, BUXTON. Particulars as to terms, &c.. may be obtained from Dir. H. Pearson, Bold-street, Warrington. • o,* from Victoria Lodge. ST. KATHERINE's HIGH SCHOOL FOIL '4 GIRLS. BISHOP'S STORTFORD. Sound Education. Liberal diet. Terms moderate.

COWLEY SCHOOLS-, Sr. HELENS. New Buildings, £15.000. Endowment, gsoo per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. HEADMA`,TER El. J. SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar ancl Prizeman, Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS MISS F ZFE, B.A. Examination. Newnham College. , Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 101'0, 1895. Fees £6 to £8 per annum. , Since the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates bave been gained by pupils in the South Kensington Science B'l4 , At Exarttinations many of these being in the Honours asia nearly Five hundred id the Advanced Stages. Very blgb places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for ' Pupils preparing for these examinations. • Cambridge Locals I Twenty-six Certificates. College ot Preceptors J Dec. 1894. Fifty Certificates. SEORSTARIC : T. BrIEW IS, Esq., Solicitor

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion. Wind, or Sickneli DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PIN PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affection Back Ache, Side Ache, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica : act the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grateful, Comforting, Stimulating. AND BRACE HP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES• BEST AND CHEAPEST CREST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDER/11M REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for ad• by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE. AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J.H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria-road. HARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr, J, R. Young. Dhemiat, ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow. Central Stores. Mr. J. G, Wallbridge, Chemist, 52, LlverPool Road. ORTHWICH—Mr. A. E. Lewty, Chemist.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. te n° " ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL YOll " there better Cough Medicine than KRAVISTII; LOZHNOSi• One gives relief ; theY to" cure, and they will not injure your besltil, Sold every where in 138 d. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY. GRANT'S MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liquor, which is wade from the famous Kent Morellos ? QUEEN'S QUALITY FOR GENERAL USE. GOOD TONIC. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY FOR EXERCISE IN THE OPEN AIR. SOLD EVERYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off with inferior makes. THOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &c. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as it GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE cave no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th •ir charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

NVOOLS, NVORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, • Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRIOR LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

• CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. GREAT ATTRACTIONS. W. CREAMER & CO.'S FASHIONABLE FURS AND RELIABLE SEALSKIN COATS ARE ALWAYS MOST, ACCEPTABLE, USEFUL, AND SEASONABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTS. THE VARIETY IS SIMPLY UNLIMITED. THE PRICES ARE LOWEST ON RECORD. SMART SEALSKIN COATS FASHIONABLE SEALSKIN CAPES... £ll to 40 Guineas NATURAL SABLE NECKLETS NATURAL SKUNK NECKLETS l2s. 6d. to 255. NATURAL MINK NECKLETS l2s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. FOX, all shades MARTEN TAIL RUFFS 4ss. to £5 CHINCHILLA RUFFS AN EXTREMELY LARGE COLLECTION OF THE FOLLOWING:- MATS IN EVERY FUR 58. 6d. to £l5 15s. BahS IN EVERY FUlt Ils. 61. to £l2 12s. )I,LARETTES IN EVERY FUR l2s. 61. to £5 ss. SILK LINED CAPES, TRIMMED FUR 17s 61. to £4 10. FUR LINED CAPES, TRIMMED FUR 255. to £8 Bs. GENTS FUR LINED COATS £6 6s. to £5O FOX CARRIAGE RUGS £2 10s. to £5 10s. SEALSKIN HATS Be. 6d. to £2 MUFF BAGS 108. 61. to £2 10s. COACHMEN'S CAPES, FOOT MUFFS, &c. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. INSPECTION AND COMPARISON INVITED. FUR MANUFACTORIES. 561 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE TRUE AND ORIGINAL SYRUP OF FIGS Is MANUFACTURED ONLY BY I . THE. CALIFORNIA SYRUP COMPANY. ACCEPT NO OTHER. Please note on the front ,psZl/4•..9„ of the package, near the top, this circle in blue, </ G. containing the name, •4,,et. re CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.; also a a band in red, near the •/sk4NciO, bottom, containing the same name in white let- ters. No other syrup of figs is the genuine and original. Accept no imitations. Of all Chemists. Price per bottle, r/ti and 2/9, or post free on receipt of price from the OMOMMAtittA Deltot for Great Britain and Colonies: No. 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.C.

POSTAL INFORMATION, POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCIIES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can e poate4 with Ordinary Postage, and with an Eat Halfpann Stamp.

Newton-le-Willows ....••• Widnes, Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Frodsham, Ilelsby, Daresb and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Buxton. Y rkslnre North- umberland, Durham, & S.-East Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South WaleE and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wades and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-Wesi England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk , Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wre, ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lymm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens . Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East, Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln shire Town Delivery Preston, West CUll berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glas,mw Night Mail Des paAch. All Parts London, Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... . . High-st“ Newton i POSTMASTER Jordan Hours of 1 Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. ISundays 7tolo a m. Box closes at 540 The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. ° 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. In ID LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-3

LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ora. nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, Sc Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk. Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan. Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton /t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mall. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war' ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary ()Naha ESTABLISHED 1851. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains BIRKBECK BANK. In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vender, Southampton Buildint,s, Chancery Lane, London, throughout the World; or sent to any ad-lress for sixty stamps TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. IN'TEREST allowed on bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRU, DEPOSITS repayable on demand. ' COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; lii.acwa Scu.s TWO Per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances when not drawn below £lOO. London, and all the Wholesale Houses. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchas d and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Uhrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted £. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FftNi, HOLD LAND SOCIETY MOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manag

. 1 Steam Engines, 1 ONIGki- NasiIIUNINIMIIIMI Sellers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Write for quotations, stating. &tails of requirements, E.S. HINDLEY,I ',Queen Victoria St.,LONDON, E.C., -- or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. coNGREvEs LALSAMie ELIXIR This sfilendid medicine should be in every household. IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First Symp- toms ot a Cold a good dose of the COUGHSottßcuzio. BALSAMICout of twenty E LcILIsR carrywll off nineteen e AND it becomes settled or merges into Influ- BROIVCHIAL en2a. At the first suspicion of INFLU- ENZA take It,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also AFFECTIONS take It for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful Persevere with this medi- effects of this alarming disease. clue, and you can hardly Rev. F. E. MATE, of Derby, writes /ail to get the Cough re- "It always puts my lungs right, and limed, and the bronchial drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May." symi.tons to disafiftear. In that very distressing disease, so For HOARSENESS it terrible, especially to the aged, is invaluable, and ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— SPLENDID CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. See the case of LADY (3. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to Sneakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of slicer in the way eta lozenge. CONGREVE'S 13ALSANIIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendort in bottles at is. Is. 9d., 45. tel , and family bottles at 115. and 225.

• .4h. ' • . "” WORTH 4:: IWiI'OWYD‘S CS 0 G, . )0S ItITES '1.416 4•••/t • • 21/114 $ 4 ' atiß.Zln. :;ditteeaticrnnni it.,Es Tot Neadoeht- • ,- ,',- .23,licrillaktYtrUlfDaaZ0-, ''''ll,,;A ..,:......_,...„ :Ccrathuertt24, Pa',..4 im.rfa Zack ii, a-, , 0 .sbc,so. cf. %If*. .2446.1.H1c1.4.0 Raul n!fd RI . • iitcUux.s . 15efursk..q-..11 Sole Agents J. U. wicsToN, CHEMIST, RUNCORN, J•LSTRINGFELLOW, ST. I-DILE:VS.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. • 1 P!LLJT s FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, sucii AS SICK HEADACHE,

I CURE. FITS And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus Dance, Bzc., and whenl say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but send Sd. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT, H. G. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W.

POLISHING--A PLEASURE.- I WILL NOT STEPH SW FINGER MARK. FURIIMME ChM

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 91d., is. lid., and 2s. Ai. each, with full directions. The Is. 11d. Box cc aids 56 Pi.l, PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. !felons, Lancashire. BEEcilkirs TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES Tue BREATH, In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for is., post-Paid.

..,,:ft..',i/./,, t 1 -4.• 4:, . t- -..'.i."..;.q/ _/:%:-. I ...., .••• ..i• X44.1,,,,,,_-_....----,;.... -., ~j,al . , :... ^ '‘,., 1.1.4,1.„A„.„,... ....:t....,, , T-• ,c-. • . :-......:.: ~,;. 1. - "1,4%4.. ~„. , -..,• ,k-,*_14,, :::::::::.••• .I'''',', ,ek"..,; 1.,-a--- de-• ' ' ,';4'''l".- -It —• " - .40'-.--.., Z:-., ----- ___ - - ,l_k,--7,--- ..—_--fr,itdifigtki,:''47lll,F)liii;''sl6--;*' Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSOid BROS.. BRADFORD.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND Morrie I or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY IleouY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free, sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor motion of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRA.TED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the I mcst delicate. MGADUAMI :AUX.. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

TO WEAK MN suffering from the effects of Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel. Pains in the Back, Diseases, Szo. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work should be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated, —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIKIIt is 4s. 6d. the case. Can be obtained direct.

One little bottle of Norton's Pills Is not guaranteed to cure all Ills, But one little bottle, beyond all question, Will thoroughly conquer Indigestion!

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. 0000 A BOILING WATER OR MILK.

They have 100 YEAI,S. REPUTATION o? being an , I UNEQUALED REMEDY for INDIGESTION, HEAD.. ACHE, BILIOTR•iNE, DEBILITY, STOMACH a!4¶ LIVER COMPLAINTS. A EPLE.NDID TONIO .......v, - GENTLE APEitiBNT. .K.,, ::t • Eff"...,g, .._.....,. 4,.,'..fr ~1 I. ....x.A., L.,. ,t,p,iitiVlVA. 1.1_,:5; ' y •. , Zi-lx”-:- ---- 1 1 Mild :r; OperaNcti,Porfectly Safe, and Free from I nju PIOUS Drugs. 1 , In .11t1ce, IL II?, 23 Id., and its., of all 'Merlicine for - Norton's Carnonaila Pills," and du not Iho 1.,,,,,,vi to ',al e 0 substitute. i .127q.a,ed by ...gOII.TON'I4 LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, B. it=i,D•on,ffnr23=l7,77l: 174,.,.. - :77 ;7; --- -- - - 1

ONE NORTON'S- LiTTLE TRADE BOTTLE. r"'i;=f7--:.-77; 77- MARK.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d. ptr box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver , stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety , aftet excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valu able at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- eurials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Waiworth-r oad, London. ' PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Ls. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZ IiNGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

-1-,oxtErsay-__ ..BL A, Stee4 • frIAKERS 70 TWA' QUEEN_ IiDELIMZO

DUPTURE CUREDWithout Operation. gui_......_,5. J. ....8 sendsH , . E R hl\iisANNew, BHooekronfi faun Specialist,information 7i 0. POST FREE. 64Chancery Lane, & 26 King Street, London. Manchester. , _ • % [----- --I_ • -- --- • - -:-=----------- • ---- - - AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. Elegant in lies itn, and of vie most ingenious Con‘truction. Suitable for the home, the Library, or Banks, for Public and Private Offices. The Desk is an office in itself. All sizes in bak or walnut. The closing of the top automatically locks all ihe drawers. Prices, from £BB.O. upwards. Sole Importer TIIONIAB TURNER, Newratu *raker, LEICESTER.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS lot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and re neye the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the sax. Boxes Is. 10. and 2s, 91. of all chemists, sent anywhere on receipt or 15 or 34 stain ;a by the msker l. T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingh ,m. Beware ot imitations,

WANTEDS, 18 TO BB LETS, r _ WORDS, 6D., ON SALES, ) And 3d. for each succeeding 9wo THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

nNE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY wMEDICINES contains sufficient to cure :lontagious Diseases of a certain class, (Internal and e- ternal). Price 45. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 91 Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen), 33 Dean.gate. Manchester. Advice free,

&Pi°MONTH. Salary or Commission. ACTIVE Men, at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- covery and keep our Show Cards and Advertising Matter distributed throughout town and country; steady employ- ment; commission or salary Lio per month, and expenses up to ens. 6d. per day; money deposited with bankers when started. For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, London, E.G.

THE "FATAL" NOTSELESS GUN. 251 3 0/- g", thot 0,5 sen paranteed to 1111 Urret M wits. NOTE.—This gun tt our patent and the genulnat aftiele can ebb, ts obtained from ut Worthless tmitattoos made abroad. ae advertised undes VS, JO. name. be petty datietro in Folkestone. we can mepply at 17s. Catalogue nf ',porting gun. and testimonialb together with 110 of over 500 (;enulue second-hnnd Breechloaders. ElatufmlroTrgUFFLYN dtu,CoirlktioTulling G.un Makers. Wolkon9no. 1111 . . ' men.

WORLD-FAMED THOUSANDS OF TBSTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all ,mpuritier.” This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on fur ther to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects re marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and hones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9tl. and Us. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

--•...,...,......_..,,,_...e ....•.•••••,,,.......01,,,, ......-...N7 ,•--,,, r: • , (!* ..COIDRArNIS k,l.') \ Ice..M . '''o, -"'-, I i.- ..e ~,..-,„ . ''irt.,„,,,,--' -- ' 44`.-• .i'.)(`" ,P ( -lot. ..n...„... tic,1%4A,,,i,?-.;;:t.A.4.0$ ~,,,,,,1,2- 0.401. FlFry yros • 00111iNC, ~. 'ELIEVE FEVERISH HEATf. a i , Newest 1 ra., Coevursioes etc Preserve •tsb fp,' a Healthy Stste al the Conehtutim brine the Fr diareri Pd .f TFETHINC cuttilVer+t• rl . /--s e, ‘ AL, OR,lll,,S..urri...lrgy: '',...4..: ,y, i ,40 .t. :,.. ( Please Observe the E E s, ~ il.•: IN STEEDMAN : ....

DEBERT's • WELL-KNOWN CENTRE SECOND STOP VSI WPL4 PXI4OIBI, FOR ./,'"gr'l\., FOR t 6 a ) \. ~....//' u , .. .. . ....._ , ~... ....- . 1 2 - ,- , , (EXACTLY AS DRAWN). Has the following advantages of all other watches, althong the price (6s lid.) i a only one-third charged for a :MmHg': watch at Other establishments. it il4B Heavy Gold or Si ver plated Cases. Flit Crystal Glass. Rnarnel Dial, three-quartet Plate Jewelled Movement, and warranted a very good time- keeper. This size or smaller, pla n at above, or chased if pre errrd. Send postal order for 7s. 6d. and I will send by registered post. sately packed, at my own risk, one of these wonderful watches. Menton this Paper, and state whether you prefer Gold or Sliver-plated cases. . liio made in Soll.l Silver Cases, I 15e. 6d., and Solid Gold Cases. 5.5. By post (registered) 6d. extra. - 3E'. Ta 3Et 30 1=1,..70, Watch Manufacturer, 10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. LSTAIILISHEI) 188 s

I I t -• A \ , • ',;'11;11i ii , ".-•,‘,-- • ' '' , " ~',!!,:;', v•M,, nOWATT'S . GORDON' (PATENT) Hurricane Lantern, With Patent Windguard Hood. Most Perfect Out-I)oorlLamp m.ide. DO NOT USE ANY OTHER. Beware of Imitations.

THE ENGLISH ORGANETTE; EASY PAYMENTS. WITH EXPRESSION - ONLY 41- MONTHLY _ --7/sys hymns, muter Met quadrilles, polkas, waltzes, ham. Dines, eto.; any tune con be played with artbiti effect by norm% mere child can play it. Moat Marvellous Musical Instrument in the World. fRICE 301- TEM: 4/- DEPOSIT RID 41- MONTHLY. (Ironetteneuvered when first is. is put. NOTICE : i°d;:rl r•irini'aumuystro;erd Book of Coupons, value 30s. and upwards. This is something new, and surprises everyone. Write for list of music and full particulars. (Mention this paper.) J. M. DRAPER, Organette Works, BLACKBURN

I111111=1111111111111111=111=1" , Those tin CAPSULES Ift. are superior to Balsam of Copaiba, Cubebs or S Injections and cure in 48 hours the same , diseases without fneoti- Atilliji.lv yen fence. 4/4 of all Cho. •D I mists. Or post free. WILCOX & Co., 289, OXFORD ST. LONDON, W

~,r iiii..4-::‘..:, , ,„.,,, __:,.,,,: iirit'.l.44_rivr Re i. ...:_,,--,::::4::::".,,,,...;:::i.-.,;;;,,, ' :..,:....,' :.,.H...• ..SAM u E L.k.::- ..,::: -t- -4 1i..„. i..„. •T 010 Pr ~, ii- ir,l, 'lO , ..d. ',lO-irr.f.. 11 il .0 ! • -11,::2 : . di „al , ~ , ,i-i--,,,,,,; , (...) •,'P //, , r ,_,,\ ~,,,.,:4.. , i'y .i. ' ''''''''''\' , i ", " ~., .. .4 II I 1 ::,: . ' !I it . A.),,, 1: - . il;, '', li I ,--,---.1 1 % STARTLING PRODUCTION! An entirely new watch ; selling • , , I I ' -i ; • (~ ,i,,,1 in thousands Compact dust-tight 'caTev4stofi:.;;;e4ci.a:meal prefled '‘ it', ,-9 c;': . y-. 1, in resemblance of REAL SILVER I, Looks as well as most watches 'I , ~ •, ''.'• '' y ' .7 charged at £5 in retail shops. Goes to the fifth of a second. At i•''.. .4, A 4 !‘./ Delivered complete, with key anfull instructions, by next post, ' 1., \• , I ' on receipt of 13 6. Full amount returned if dissatisfied. send this \s' . - announcement, and a HANDSOME ALBERT CHAIN is included j s. ;',l‘' '\''l„ \\ ...Li,' FREE. Such value defies the woi id l t:igalltic Success! IL SAOWEL's , ' ',,,‘ . •,,E, •!. 1 ' t RENOWNED ' ACME" WATCH, perfect and satisfactory. Highly- •,, . ~,,,,17 finished; 'ewelled movement, three-quarter plate. Accurately fitted , \ .; protective dust-excluding cap. Strong Solid Sterling Silver Cases (stamped), 7--, ..!.)}" of extra weight. Lady's richly engraved and dial elegantly tinted or plain. 'l/ `:,. '''' --`-'' - -Forwarded free by pnst, registered, with key, full instructions, and five years' ' y warranty Worth 3 guineas. H. SAMUEL'S PRICE 25/-. A handsome Free ' ''s • oir i) I I I'rrg.77cluded. Magnificent and Perfect! 11. SAnusi.'s WORLD-FAMED ,i ENCLISH LEVER; JEWELLED; Chronometer Balance. Massive Solid Silver ,3f.i.'''' . cases,. Hall-ingkgd. Crystal i Class. X/ARR,fiNTEI:IO,F?R trial allowed. .) ti • ~.-'‘N, :-''':....5' bafnuolunneatst.eturn. erf'frlsssatisrfiel''l!a!EePt. SalemiTtitlieswoir7d. riaeando S yourwe. name ki) ,j, •lif; and address to H. Samuel to-day, and receive, tree of all cost, a splendid 111 1,,,1) volume, now being despatched to thousands. Opens direct communication itik) ''' /I. ...., ~../.,,,i with the treat centre or the Wrrhi's Watch supply. UNPARALLELED a mr7utitil ) t..,,.., si4; VALUE! rt IziEltlNDirlyflinußAltiltilanPßolfZE retfellftEatifoonr ecireesryriEcuciichoanser, t : ;sr.'-'" ‘.-- sefa2rOsheet encicisad.. BTARTLINIB BARCIHUS. Nearly 2,e(ii.) beautiful Illustrations. All brilliant, new, and perfect. A larum Clocks mai ked in most shops 5/8 to 6/6 ; H. Samuels price 23. Lever Timepieces usually sold in shops at 3/3; H. Samuel's ; price 13, Certain of Hi, Samuels watches contain special patented Improvements, protected by Her Majesty's Royar Letters Patent, and only to be obtained in these grand watches. No increase of price. Watches at 7,-; Alberts 1,-; Brooches I/-; Fins 11/.; dm., Ac. Also 'teapots 343; Crusts 216. Knives and Forks at Astounding Reductions. Shrewd, intelligent buyers have bought for years from H. Samuel at their own fireside, by means of H. Samuel's Interesting pamphlets. H. Samuel's spLErium SUCCESS has caused hundreds of worthless shams to be thrust on the market. H. Samuel's Watches are always reliable! Always valuable? Always satisfactory! REFUSE ALL IMITATIONS—iicicseiA di-ro;ct-tO-117-Samuel, enclosing tins announcement from the A . it .ti.ai ia l'ai ( '• „X ski INN it." H. SAMUEL, Largest English Watch Manufacturer, - 97, *9, 101, 33, 89, 3:, 121, MARKET sTREET, MANCHESTER. -

PURE IRISH -LINEN., IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN RI SH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/llper dozer, ; mwie special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISK NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NA PKIIIS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICM IRISH L (NEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FREE }VIE 23 IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability bilitys and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents Wear. IRISH L INEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON 86 CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

Bat, es, • LI , j ars 71 1/11 2/9 y_ ..,, ,•--v-j,- \I- 44,otry, iii 66, 0./P• ;. 4 . 7 FORFAR ATHLETIC .t.... ------------ \ ..,-, . _ - .1-772-it • FOOTBALL CCU B' . .„,.. 4k. , ._-_,..--...--__-.t..:, ~/,' ~,, /41,. ' • -----7....- N --„, / 6pienpntire &--,..45.---- ... ,\ 7 ifirer t„, -L,-.::-_.-,--.-:--;7- --„:.---- Alp eip. , V satisfaction to uvr.,--- ----- • . ,---_,....... all who have, _ „. - mu used. it -- - ----- _ -- L ~,w, , C.,,---.,----...., ....... _.---,-, „,,,,„ 1 relDiared Onclpc67 ';'''''.- g: If/' 11 --1^ '-• '•:.4 --,--,,,---.--,..,.. ELLIMAN, Ed SONS (iO. --1,L&,,,.?„.,0(..“......, ~,,,,_ ) Sloub • 4, •,.. ...- ......,• „„z„,4,14,;,......,„_,_.„.. 141., ENGLAND -,—r-K•,-ro ~ ~... ---,Nsu .07A,,/,,,r;rj ~. 4111,'" s• --.4lgWe,' (...".. ' ' .L. 1. _ ---.7...• _ --,-,:t• ___ . N i I - r- --- • 5

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIV.ATZ DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Nash stient informed beforehand the cost for work required TEETH. Qold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless 11 xtrfacitc iiiatn as hoilreto by the ald TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. ' Exors. of the late J. H. PARKIN SO (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. NO. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. DOS` WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANICZY-82. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BILIDOB-BT. NOHTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMALBS.DT-ST:

LADIES ! A WORD WITH YOU PLEAM—DIL GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS, composed of Steel and/ Pennyroyal,, e . ebje i r.i Secretfailed PI rnoc producingss know n Ont. lhy thetdoes iredPreogoecri ic Owiag to the great demand, the public are caution is ed agailit; some !Tortoni imitations. These Pills are Invaluable to a Females who may suffer from any Irreguhrities, Pale Faces. Spirits. Weakness .71Inemla, Loss a Appetite, Lowness of Sle" Price per Box, 7.kr1.,15.1 id ~ Is. Si. and 4s. 6d. I have Mt Liverpoo Pointed Mr. J WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pitt' -st. . Sole Agentfor Great Britain and the Colonies. None other genuine. ___—..........!...2:.

• DEATHS. Roscon—November 18th, at Green-street, Worri".."-'."19 Rowland Roscoe, aged 54 years. ri neon'. CARTY—November 25th. at Stanley-street, Vircr— - Patrick Carty, aged 2 veers. GARNETT—r,ovember 28th, at Marsh-street, Andrew Garnett aged 7 years. GLEAVE—Novernber SOth, at Fever Hospital, Elizabeth llets (Heave, aged 3 years. HART—Decemb.r Ist, at Asbton-street, Warrington, - Hart, aged 32 years. SMITH —December Ist, at Lythgoe's-lane, Warrington, %fel Smith, aged 45 years. SKIDMORE ()Pee ber 3rd, at Dallam-lane, Warrington., Thomas A. Skidmore, one year. Warrington' IN MEMORIAM. In loving memory of Ann, the beloved wife of the later; Peter Clare. rope manufacturer, Warrington, who depar this llfe,l3th day of December, 1890. "Gone but not forgotten."

ESTABLISHED 1858. E. AUK LAND, SENR. MONUIDENAIJ MASON AND SCULPTL, T LEGH-STREET AND 18?, MANCHRSTER-ROA'" (Near Cemetery entrance), 'WARRINGTON. imates sent Stone worked by steam power. Designs and est free. Monuments, Headstones Crosses, &c., always in stock. The cheapest 5-min 'own for porcelain and Mina Wr oaths, Crosses. Anchors. Harps. &c , to imitate natural flowers. Also Globes and Shades to match. All kinds of lettering and gilding execute,' on the shortest notica,
