===== 0002601_18950817_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTBRED FOR

:816 MARY'S, LATCHFORD

ANNUAL SERMONS T rm. In aid of th: Schools. O-MORR 444, (SUNDAY). AUGUST 18rø, 1895, • T Preacher: Morning and Evening. the LED RIM- FATHER ALPHONSUS, DI)., 0.5.F.C., R.:__The Monastery, Chester. : UNCORN (O-OFF:RAI IVE INDU-.TRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETY, LIMITED, 8, CHURCH-STREET. Yeabllsh, d 1862. ,ktr• :he ANNUAL EXJURSION to BLACKPOOL Will take placr on MONDAY. AUGUST 19xw. The Train will leave 4 --GRI7 641 am. DITrON 6.5) a.m. WIDNES 6.55 s'nl: APPLi:TON 70. a.m. FARNWORTH 7.5 a.m. ,R.turen. from Blackpool (Talbot Road), 6.40. Tick _Ti k Pare 2 9d. Children un Ar 12 half fare. 43.8 ee,may be had from slip of the Branches or from the 'tt WI

:kRAL AND BIRKKNHEAD AGRICUL-

TUEAL SOCIETY.

PRESIDENT : ELLIOTT LEES, Esq., M.P. TER FIFTY THIRD ANNUAL SHOW

Itery. Cattlo. Shee Dogs, Poultry, Pigeons. Butter. eggs, Honey. Grain, Boots. Plants, Fruits, Flowers, 4rapienabnts, Carriages, and Machinery, etc., etc.

WILL TAKE PLACE ON THE 4TR AND 5Tu SEPTEMBER, at niIiKENHEAD, nearly £2,CO) in PRIZES. EXTRIES CLOSE ON THE 17tø AUGUST, 1895.

PRIZE LISTS ON APPLICATION. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary.

28, Hermit ....211-itreet, Birkenhead. RING! ON AMBULANCE BRIGADE. The ; TRU ...ANNUAL GENER. AL MEETING will be held on .Ifaat"',AY NEXT at 7.30 p m., in the WYCLIFFE - a'RWSEY-STItEET. J. CHARLTON PARR, Esq., I. Preside Joss pree. • The public are respectfullv invited. Admia-

THOS. H. HARDY. Brigade Hon. See.

, , „

===== 0002601_18950817_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
'L-__

INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710.

SUNI INSURED IN 1894::£393,622,400. ik);)°, hiNciMeulars apply to the followine Agents : Mr. .1. E. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial

Chambers, s.llorsemarket-street. Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. It. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

MOWERS. Attt itpi,o. THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS .14ted by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen It'3,d,his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. S PATENT " SILENS MESSOR" LAWN 'RS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS, AND NE W MONARCH and STEEL fltH PATTERNS.NS , Tell/sT Take the lead of allothers, and zul the irtooi od the t test foandrußpwßlraTls of thirtyNTHW TORLD. ears, and 1111" all Off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been t 6 ey cues of competition. ot jp in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. out either short or long grass, bents, ac., wet Cith ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED atwis to give entire satisfaction. Th, it inay be returned at once Free of COST to the ey e4l b tead do Kingdom,alPUßCHASEl respectable Iron tOIAor direct from the Manufacturers. One:EN & SON, LIMITED, .MITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, '44 IV 0 AND rrla„e„a.RßS, I3LACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON. S.E. r id to all the Principal Railway Stations in the tuetrated Price I:linstistedwKitihn Testimonials, Free on A ppl teat to a. I;i`etr ARE

IX 41.,1

OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS.

'4Pairs

Promptly done at both our Establishments For the trade as well as others.

4lgp REPT IN STuI,K and supplied carriage paid IGAZ. liher ;I cash discount by their Agent. 'AND. IRONMONGER. -BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. k'13121 re-ground and repaired on the premises.

to,. ea,,Ters• C-ots;(, rerf t'hi, I,,„lsTs . ,

'kJ( 11'142Int's re-grot.-

===== 0002601_18950817_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN MOWERS

Qlontrarto.

(gb tiration.

ALTRINCtiANI HlO-1-1 SClOOL.—Boarders re- ceived. Fees moderate. Proepeetus at request.

QCHOOL for GritLS. 36, Monkgate, York. Principals : KJ misses Camidge ; terms moderate ; pupils prepared for all loc:1 examinations.

ED DES 'S DANDELION COFFEE.

The best and thee]

===== 0002601_18950817_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold by 11

6d., 10c Wholesale by I. GEI

===== 0002601_18950817_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
st over offered to the Public.

ra and Druggists, in Canister and is. 6d. each. IDES AND BON, WARRINGTO N

[TIM:MST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffiel4 and Blear° Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &e. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gdbson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

Tyv JUTE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ' Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not tamed on easxenyer &earners. .TE t TONIC Wed.. Aug. 21. I BRITANNIC Wed.. Aug. 28: Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of oharge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels oi this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and Stge oom amidships. Apply to Ismir, ImBLE, and Co., sadenhall-street, Londcn, 8.C., and 10, Water-street, verpool

/

WRITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

ADELAI DE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK. BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. should take tickets at thoLOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above- mentioned or any other line., JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENTS

AMANCHESTI uninvested Capi to £l,OOO, to res SDIPLE WRITT

ER GENTLEMAN with large ital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO table lersons, on the Borrowers' PROMISE to REPAY.

rithout Sureties „ Delay. „ Law Costs. „ Publicity.

Also on Deeds „ Life Polices &C. At 5 per cent.

Repayments. 6(1. in the £ weekly, monthly or quarterly

Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Pull particulars from

J. CAMPBELL, Esq. Manchester Chambers 4Ca, Market-et., Manchester.

_Quarter,

;APITA:

AND LABOUR

STO R

, 1±7).. 4 POn is: Thd 613.,84E-per Ant nairOnarter gredlt

===== 0002601_18950817_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
C:

CLOTHING

24, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTO:t.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING

AT POPULAR PRIORS.

QUALITY. STYLE AND FIT

GUARANTEED.

SUITS TO MEASURE FROM 33/r

RICHARD BRETHIERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMRS'S-STRRIIT, WARRINGTON. PRIMB BEIM MUTTON, LAMB. VEIL. PORE. &C., Always on hand. from 5/d. to 834 pr lb. ALL ORDBRS PROMPTLY AMAMI/HD TO, and delivered when required.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ilubliratfono.

44110 W TO ENSURE REALTH."—A 'medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stg.mps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lansdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.--The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stook‘ and Shires is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information.

Address GEORGE EVANS and Co., Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-et.. London, E.C.

TREE TO, MEN.

When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prrecrlptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to ins and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt ot two stamps for poetage A. .7 . LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

ON AUGUST 24ra.

Price 2d.

WORSLEY HALL

(The seat of the Earl of Elleqnsire) AND ITS GARDENS WILL BE FULLY ILLUSTRATED IN A SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT TO THE GARDENERS' MAGAZINE Of AUGUST 24TH. The ILLUSTRATIONS will include : A DOUBLE PAGE PLATE OF ME MANSION. Portrait of the Earl of Ellesmere. Views of the Old Hat!. The Lake, with Islands and Rustic Bridges. Avenue of Lime Trees. The Flower Garden. The Terrace. The Gardeners House.

OFFICES-4, AVE MARIA LANE. LONDON, B.C.

THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR HOLIDAY SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, t MANCHESTER FORJ kLOTB.ING DEPOT WORKING SUITS.

-- TriE TALK OF THE Irr OWN, MANCAESTER CLOTHING DEPOT- Foil SUITS FOR BEST WEAR.

THE TALK OF THE rowN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BLACK SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOIL SUITS READY MADE.

• THE TALK OF TIIE TOWN, MANCHE6TER CLOTHING DEPOT FOli SUITS TO MEASURE. THE TALK OF THE OWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR MEN'S SUITS ANY SHAPE.

THE TALK OF TH E TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR YOUTHS: SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOr FOR BOYS' SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF T E TOWN, MANC HESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, FOR THE LARGEST STOCK GREATEST VARIETY. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT' FOR SAILOR SUITS FRO NI 2/11 THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOr- FOR MEN'S OVERCOATS. : THE TALK OF TII F, TOWN. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPO FOR YOUTHS' VE RCOATS.

AND

THE TALK OF THE OWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOZ FOlt BOYS' OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES.

r IVIANCIIESTER AILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARK ET STREET. WARRINGTON.

I

_AN

Afaie

• ‘.-••';,-:;`,;f.-.4!7.1!. , • ' • , • ' - ,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"I am speaking," said a long-winded orator, "for the benefit of posterity." "Yes," said one of his hearers, "and if you keep on much longer your audience will be here." PAPA: "What did you think of the great bicycle race?" Little Son: "Didn't think mach of it." "Everybody said it was wonderful." "I didn't see nothin' wonderful 'bout it. The one that winned couldn't help winning. He leaned over so far forward that he had to go like lightning to keep from fallin' on his nose." JUST HIS HIND.—" We are getting up a concert for the benefit of the church. Won't you take a ticket?" Mrs. Sharpe : "My husband refuses to go to any place where there is to be music." • How lucky! This is just the kind of an enter- tainment he will enjoy." SIGNIFICANT.—First boy: "You're 'fraid to fight, that's what." Second boy "No, I ain't; but if I fight you, my mother'll lick me." " How will she find it out, eh?" "She'll see the doctor goin' to your house." " ees, however," said the distinguished foreigner, as he concluded his story, "simply a matter of liearsaid." "You mean 'hearsay,' of course, count?" "Ah ; but Zia was told me some time ago !" " Nl' ity, Clara, you look radiant. What has happened ? " "I've just received an invitation to a wedding." "Well, there's nothing particular in that to go into raptures over." " Ahl but it happens to be my own." "You ought to name your dog gossip," said George to Maud's father; "I judge from an experience I had with him last night, that he is a good deal of a backbiter." OLD LADY: "Where is your husband, Mrs. De Long ? " Mrs. De Loud: "He couldn't come • he has the rheumatism all over him." Old Lady: "Goodness me! and he's over six feet high !" BRONSON: "Does your baby talk yet ? " Squil- dig : " Yes ; but you can't understand a word he says." Bronson : " Well, he will do nicely for a porter at a railway station." UNSELFISH.—Fritz has come home too late and is having a taste of the rod. Fritz : "Oh ! Pa ! Pa! don't over exert yourself; there's Oscar and Hugo still to come !" SCOBJELL : "I don't know what to do with my boy. He has St. Vitus's dance. His contortions are. frightful." Yaggers : "Make a great pianist of him, and it will pass for eccentricity." "How is if," asked a lady, "that Time is always represented as bald-headed?" To which a gentleman replied, "So many have taken Time by the forelock, they probably pulled out all his hair." Miss THIN: "Don't you think my new dress is just exquisite? They all say so." Fannie: 'OII, lovely! I think that dressmaker of yours could make a clothes-prop look graceful." "DON'T you get tired of answering foolish ques- tions ? ' inquired the lounger at the railway station. "Awfully," replied the booking clerk, with a dr-ary yawn. "I've answered thal one more than fifty times this morning." HER FATHER (dubiously) : "I don't know what you are going to marry on. You have but a small salary, and my daughter has no fortune." Her Lover (confidently) : "Oh, well, if you are econo- mical for a year or two you'll be able to start us all right." JUDGE: "And what did the prisoner say when you told him that you would have him arrested ?," Complainant: "He answered me mechanically, .you- honour." Judge: "Explain." Complainant: "He hit me on the head with a hammer." HUSBAND: "Do you know that every time a woman gets angry she adds a new wrinkle to her face?" Wife: "No, I did not; but if it is so, I presume it is a wise provision of nature to let the world know what sort of a husband the woman has."

MISTRESS: "This floor doesn't look very clean, Bridget. Have you swept it to-day?" Bridget: I• "No, mum; Oi didn't shwape it to-day or .yisterday ; but Oi shewpt it t'ree toimes th' day before. ' Mits. GRAINGER (engaging new servant) :"I am i very particular about the conduct of my domestics. ' I had to discharge my last girl because I caught 1 her winking at my husband.'' Applicant: "You + •did quite right, ma'am. A girl as careless as that ought to be discharged." A cunions artifice of war was adopted by a -Chinese junk when attacked by a man-of-war. The crew threw cocoanuts overboard into the sea, and then jumped in among them. Nearly all escaped, for it was impossible to tell which were heads and which were nuts. " MAMMA," said Willie, after he had come from .school, "I saw a poor little boy, on my way home, who had never even heard of icecream." "That was too bad," said Willie's mother. "What did you say to him? " "I said," replied Willie earnestly, " that I had almost forgotten it my- self." Sits: "Do you love me, darling ? ' He: "What do you want to interrupt, me for when lain just adding up a column of figures?" Of course I love you! Confound it all ! Now I've got to go over the whole column again." Al THE BREAKFAST TABLE.—" And that," said Paul Emmicks, raising his voice as he finished his explanation to his table neighbour, "is the fly in the ointment." "1 would have you understand, Mr. Emmicks," remarked the landlady, sharply, " that that is the best creamery butter ; and, what is more, flies are unavoidable at this season." "You told me you were going to play church," said mamma, reprovingly, one Sunday. "Yes, ma:' "Then I'd like to know what all this loud laughter is about?" "Oh, that's Dot and Ine. Were the choir." To RUSSIA FOR WARMTH. —Five years ago Lord -Randolph Churchill undertook a journey to Russia. A friend asked him what he had gone there for. "To get warm !" was the reply. And he went on to explain the apparent paradox. "The winter is very cold everywhere, but it is much colder in Russia than anywhere else. Hence the Russians take the most efficient precautions against its rigour. It is only in St. Petersburg that people understand the art of heating a house thoroughly." As old lady from the country was at one of the large London stations, when she noticed a carriage labelled "Engaged." It happened that in the said carriage were a young lady and a gentleman, who appeared to be on the best terms with one another. The old lady remarked that anyone could see they were engaged, without having the fact placarded to the world. A GENTLEMAN in a restaurant got a fish-bone across his throat, and was very nearly choked. A waiter rendered him a little assistiuce by loosen- ,.ing his collar and giving him a glass of water. When the gentleman received his bill he was dis- gusted to find that a shilling had been charged for this slight service. "What is the meaning of this, waiter?" he asked, angrily, pointing to the offending item. The waiter looked at it and re- plied: "Well, sir, choking's a hextra ! "CHARLIE," remarked Fogg, "you are born to be a writer." "Au 2" replied Charlie, blushing slightly at the compliment, "you have seen some of the things I have turned off?" "No," said Fogg; "1 wasn't referring to what you had written; I was simply thinking what a splendid -ear you had for carrying a pen. Immense, Charlie; .simply immense!" Nov so long ago a well-known Canon of West- minster was marrying two of his servants, one of whom was his footman. As had been his custom whenever lie answered a question, the footman saluted. The Canon whispered to him nto tell him to dispense with the salute, and simply say—after bun. it was an unfortunate instruction, for when the question came, " Wilt thou have this woman to he thy wedded wife?" etc.. the footman was -obedient to the very letter, and said, "After you, sir "

A STRANGER in London the other day, going to the City, asked a casual passer-by if he could direct him to New Broad-street. The fellow thought for s while, and then said he did not know, anti proceeded on his way. Before the stranger had gone fifty yards farther he heard footsteps running in his direction, and looking back he perceived the man he had before ad. dressed, who, fearfully out of breath, rushed up to him and exclaimed : "Perhaps it is Old Broad. street you want?" "Well, where's that?' in- quired the stranger, when to his surprise the leilow answered : " I don't know where that is, either."

In the organism of man as in thlt of al the li'gher an:mals, the materials for the nutrition of every ',oil ,(111 Of the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the Blatai diseased the b dv is diseased." " Clarke's World-f.med Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for all Blood and Skin Disea.es. It is the most searcking blood cleanser ev r discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad .Leg,, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects arc marvel.ous. 1 Thousands of Testimonials. Sold everywhere, at 21. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless Imitations and substitutes. .di AIL • (7)

===== 0002601_18950817_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

.o.s.RisER : How would you like to have your hair cut, sir?" Customer: With scissors, sir! Did ye .'pose I wanted it done with a scythe?" AN EXAMINATION AT A SCHOOL BOARD.— Inspector: "In which of his battles was Gustavus Adolphus killed?" Pupil: "I think it was in his last.' THERE is a hairdresser in a suburban district who has hit on a new idea. He tells his customers such horrible stories that it makes their hair stand on end. It is so much easier for him to cut it then, he says. "Six feet in his boots !'" exclaimed old Mrs. Flatiron. !' Nonsense! Why, they might as well tell me that the man has six heads in his hat ! " JACK TAR: "We ain't so very fur from land, Jim ! There's been a yacht along here lately." Jim: "How do you know?" Jack Tar: "See all them champagne corks." TIIE HUSBAND'S LAMENT.—After a conjugal scene, the wile gave her husband a slap in the face. Instead of flying into a passion the husband very composedly took up his hat, and, before going away, spoke as follows :—" Madame, six years ago, when I solicited your parents for your hand, I little suspected the use you would make of it." "HE referred me to you as to his honesty." "And I certainly can endorse him thoroughly. Why, my dear sir, I'd trust that man with—with an umbrella. LADY COMMERCIAL (to her husband; who is rather cold to her): "John, the kisses you give me now are not up to the sample you gave me when you asked me to be yours. It isn't busi- ness ! " I SAY, pa, heard the news I" "No, my boy What is it !" "Why, they aren't going to have th lamp-posts any longer." "I am surprise'. What is th 3 reason!" " Why, they re long enough." EXPECTING Too Muca.—Husband "Here's a bill for a ball costume; what does it mean?" Wife: "Ali! you know that green robe I wore at the ball at which I was introduced to you last year!" Husband: " S-o-h ! And you mean to say that I am to pay for the trap in which I was caught?" A MAN went home the other night and found the house locked up. After infinite trouble he managed to gain entrance through a back window, and then discovered on the parlour tab!e a note from his wife, reading, "I have gone out. You will find the key on the side of the step." Nor IMPORTANCE Esonall.—" There's one thing," he remarked, factiously, as the tax assessor finished enumerating the various items on the list, "that I never tax." What is that?" asked the assessor. "My brain," laughed the funny man. "Oh well," replied the tax assessor, as he took a good look at him, !' there are a lot of little things we never ask about." A max who married a widow has invented a device to cure her of "eternally praising" her former husband. Whenever she begins to descant on his noble qualities, this ingenious number.two merely says, "Poor dear man! Howl wish he had not died ! ' and the lady immediately begins to think of something else to talk about. BROWNLEIGH (visiting friends in the country) : "I don't often-get such a good supper." Johnnie: "Neither do we." "My dear," said a lady to a friend who was complaining of a servant, "you can't expect all the virtues for six shillings a week." "But I pay seven-and-six 1' was the practical response. Do you think, young man, that you could give my daughter all she asks for ?" questioned papa, grimly. " I—aw --think so, sir, " murmered the lover, bashfully. "She says she wants only me." FROW the Hopeful Young Man to the Pastor: "As I stand in the broad avenue of life I find so many closed doors I know not which one to open. How can I tell which will lead me to success?" From the Practical Pastor to the Young Man: "There's only one, and you'll find it labelled 'Push.'" "AND who is this?" asked Aunt Clara, point- ing to the picture of a chubby child in skirts. "That," said Robby, who had been wearing knickerbockers for some time, "is me when I was a girl." FRENCHWOMAN (travelling for first time on Metropolitan Railway, to fellow-passenger) : "My station do seem very long to arrive at. I have passed Bovre-1, Asbestos, Liebig, Pears, and Bouillon Fleet, but I come not to the Adeeson

Road." MISTRESS: "Good gracious, Susan, the house is on fire ! " Susan (an overworked " general "): Well mum, it's coinfortin' to think that at last there's a fire in the 'ouse I 'aven't 'ad io light Os' COURSE THEY WILL. .—Maude: "What shall we do if those horrid hoop-skirts really become fashionable again?" Mamie: "I suppose we shall wonder how we ever could have worn those horrid skimpy dresses. ' OLD LADY: "My doctor recommends me a six months' sea voyage, but I have my doubts about his motives." The Captain: "Why ?" Old Lady: "Because my doctor is my son in-law ! " JUST WHAT HE WANTED.—Husband (after a sharp quarrel): "You may buy the dress if you like, but I shan't pay for it. Wife: "Then they'll sue you for the amount!" Husband: "So much the better; in that case I'll pawn the piano for the money. ' ONE night we were sitting out of doors in the moonlight, unusually silent—almost sad. Suddenly someone—a poetic looking man, with a gentle, lovely flee—said, in a low tone :—" Did you ever think of the beautifut lesson the stars teach us?" We gavis a vague, appreciative murmur, but some soulless clod said :—" No; what is it?" "How to wink," he answered, in a sad, sweet voice. IT is customary for members of the House of Commons, when rising to address the House, to commence "Mr. Speaker, sir." One young mem- ber, who was rather nervous, began as follows: "Mr. Speaker, dear sir." "AND so, on reflection, Mr. Fastboy, I have determined that it is best to terminate our engage- ment." "But, Clara, Clara !" exclaimed. the heart-broken man, wringing his hands, "won't you wait until lean find a substitute?' Gnu. (on seeing a Chinaman) : " What's that, mamma?" Mother: "That a Chinaman, dear." Girl : "Do all the people in China dress like that ?" Mother: "Yes, dear.. Girl " Gracious ! How they must laugh when they see each other." "Buy, your honour," said the prisoner, "I am not guiity of this crime. I have three witnesses who will swear that at the hour this man was robbed I was at home in my own chamber taking care of the baby." "Yes, your honour," glibly answered the prisoner's counsel, "that is strictly true. We can prove a lullaby, your honour." MONEYBAGS: "How did your banquet go off. Banklurk : " Not as well as it might, you know, The toastmaster called on a gentleman who had lost an arm and a leg to answer to the toast Oar absent members.'" AT Derby station the other day a thin lath of a man was observed to try his weight on the auto- matic machine. The hands reused to budge. What did he do? Did he write a letter threaten- ing the company with an action? No! He simply crept through the slit and regained his "penny." " ARE these mackerel quite fresh ? " asked a lady of a rasged but pompous old fishmonger who came to her door. "Oh, yes, pullickly 80, puffickly so!" was the reply. "Jess nostrilise them and see." " Nostrilise them? What do you mean by that ? " " Why, lady," said the fish purveyor, with a look indicative of pity for her ignorance, "smell 'em! smell 'em!" A MAN may stop a horse that's tearing down the street, may stop an enemy a advance amid the battle's heat ; In fact, stop almost anything in situations trying; but not a single man alive can stop a baby crying. "TICKETS, PLEASE I"—A tieket•eolleetor on one of our largest railways is muchi struck with the enormous mortality which eeews to take place among ckildren at one particular age. Most of them seem to enjoy robust health up to within a few Irnonths of their twelfth year, i.et lewdly any, lb would appear, actually reach that age. AN EAR FOR MUSIC. Mistress (angrily) " Bridget ! What do you mean by listening out- side the door ?" Bridget: "Shur, mum, oi can't help shtoppin' to listen when oi hear yer beauti- ful voice; it's bike music, especially them high notes whin ye're blowin' on the master ! "

COOLING AND REFRESHING are the effects a, Row land's Kalydor on the face and hands of ladies and all ex- posefl to the hot sun and dust ; it prevents and reinowa freckles, tan, sunburn, soothes and heals mozquito and gnat stings, allaysiall irritation, andproduces a beautiful and deli- cate complexon. nowtsrin's KALI DC.R.--Coola an 1 refresh—i the face and bands. RbWIAND'S KALYDOR.—Famoves Redness and toughness. Rom...ix]) s KALYDOR.--SOOtheS and heals irritation. ROWLAND'S ICALYDOR.—Warranted krmless and curative. ROWLANR'S KALYDOIL- Bottles 2s. 3d , 4s. tid., of Chemists. AvoideheaP, spurious imitation which ruin the skin/and omplezion.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11. 1895

No fewer than seven hundred and fifty thousand sew ing machines are made and sold every year by a single great British sewing-machine c'mpany. The King of Siam has a bodyguard of female warriors. It is composed of four hundred girls, chosen from amongst the strongest and most handsome of all the ladies in the land. At the age of thirteen they enter the service, and remain in it till they are twenty-five, when they pass into the reserve. Their weapon is the lance.

. - A gentleman of an inquiring turn of mind has been testing the honesty of the people by dropping in the streets and on the floors of big drapers' shops six ladies' purses, each containing one shilling and ninepence in varied change, a key, and a Card with his name and address thereon. Five of the purses were returned in less than twenty-four hours, and in each case the finders were women. This appears to demonstrate that lost purses are likely to be restored to the owners when they do not contain more than one shilling and ninepence, and do not happen to be picked up by men. In the Ukraine, Russia, the woman does the courting. When she falls in love she goes to the man's house and tells him the state of her feelings, and if he does not agree to her proposals she remains there hoping to c -ax him into accepting her. The man cannot treat her with the least discourtesy, or turn her out, for her friends would be sure to avenge the insult ; so, if he wants to escape her, his only chance is to leave the house and re- main away until she is gone. A Swiss doctor has counted by pedometer the number of his footsteps during the year. They come to nine million seven hundred and sixty thousand,an average of twenty-six thousand seven hundred and forty daily. Of the whole,from six hundred thousand to seven hundred thousand steps were taken up and down staircases, or from one thousand five hundred to two thousand a day. Reckoning two 'steps a second,and two metres for three steps, the distance covered is more than seventeen kilo- metres—say, ten miles a day. It is to be concluded that the doctor does not keep a brougham, and has a large practice.

Singular Domestic Arrangements. One of Professor Edison's managers has a house, which, thanks to his electrical knowledge, is exceedingly startling to the casual visitor. As one approaches the residence, the front gate swings open and shuts auto- matically. The visitor's foot, pressing on the doorstep, rings a bell in the kitchen and one in the master's study, and by touching a button, the front door is opened before there is time to knock. Musical boxes play when the guests sit down on chairs or sofas. The cruets run about the dinner-table on a miniature electric line, and even when the visitor retires to his or her chamber, the "Spinning Wheel" tells us, the bed unfelds itself by electricity.

A Lady Sculptor. Miss Alice M. Chaplin, the eminent lady-sculptor, has been honoured on various occasions during the last four- teen years with commissions from the Queen. Her first commission for Her Majesty was a statuette of "Flora," the Queen's favourite collie. She executed it at Buck- ingham Palace in terra-cAtte, and it was afterwards pro- duced in bronze and oxidised silver. Miss Chaplin's specialite is animals; she has exhibited some of her groups at the Royal Academy, and is a passionate lover of all animals. In a chat with a recent interviewer, she says: "As a young girl, when I made pastry, I used to adorn my handiwork with birds and beasts in pdste. One day I bought a piece of clay, and when my domes- tic duties were over, I tied the cat up in an arm-chair and tried to take her portrait. I worked at that for six weeks. I've never had time to labour on anything else as I did on that. I bad not tools, and it was finished I with a pin."

Shoes of the World. The Portuguese shoe has a wooden sole and heel, with a vamp made of patent leather, fancifully showing the flesh side of the skin. The Persian footgear is a raised shoe, and is often a foot high. It is made of light wood richly inlaid, with a strap extending over the instep. The Armenian shoe has a leather sole and heel,without a counter and back quarter. The vamp is made of felt, and is beautifully ornamented with needlework done in coloured silk thread. The Muscovite shoe is hand-woven on a wooden frame and but little attention is paid to the shape of the foot. Leather is sometimes used, but the sandal is generally made of silk coloured cordage and woollen cloth. The Siam shoe has the form of an ancient canoe, with a gondola bow and an open top. The sole 311 made of wood, and the upper of inlaid wood and cloth, and the exterior is elaborately ornamented in colours and with gold and silver. The sandal worn by the Egyptians is comnosed of a sole made by sticking together three thicknesses ot leather. This is held to the foot by passing a band across the instep. The sandal is beautifully stitched with threads of different colours. The Grecian shoe is made almost entirely of leather, and has a thickly padded sole with a sharp turn-up toe, which is surmounted by a large ball of coloured wool or hair. The shoe is fleece-lined, and is gorgeously deco- rated with beads and ornamental stitching. The Hungarian shoe,or mocassin, is made of raw hide, prepared by a sun curing process. It is bound together with many thongs of raw hide. Loops, or thongs, ex- tend upwards round the ankle, and through these loops is passed a strap which is buckled at the side. The clog worn by the Japanese is of wood, and as viewed from the side is the shape of a boy's sledge. It is fastened to the foot by a string, which passes between the great and the second tee, and across the former. A strap, an inch in width and lined with linen, is carried across the instep.

GLENALPINE'S OATH;

OR, THE

ofwtrp,4)its he joined in the fr,iy, and very 1 • e became the leader, at ti acting to hdt "IA spirits of the crew, as the nia piet attracts points f mteel. On the instant he was train-formed into . rery god of war, and all the grand qualities 01 In "nand which had been alumbering within Min inalities inherited from his father and Lorn with him—were aroused into action. With a physic strength which was a native quality of his magniti- ent frame; with an endurance which had keen oegotten of long training in manly sports ; with a will which was firmness itself when fixed in the right ; and with a courage which knew not the thought of fear, he advanced against the foemen, and struck blows which counted fearfully every time. The pirate chieftain was a powerful, dark-faced man, with a voice like a whirlwind, and an arm of immense strength. He had cut his way to the cabin door, and had there turned, when Arthur met him. In a moment their swords were crossed, and for the first time during the fray our hero had opportunity to hilly test the skin which the most approved study and practice had given him. The heavy cutlass of the buccaneer was wielded with wondrous power, but the subtle play of the Eng- lish youth put him wholly at faalt. "That for you cried the swart chieftain, aim- ing a blow at the head of his antagonist which ha seemed to think must be irresistible. But his eye had given sufficient key to his intent even before his weapon had been raised, and Arthur, instead of attempting to parry, leaped nimbly aside, drawing his sword-arm well back, and on the next instant his keen blade was driven clean through the pirate's body. Our hero had just shaken the falling chief from hie sabre when his eye caught a scene by one of the earronades that made him start, and with a quick my of alarm,

he leaped forward.' In order that the reader may understand the situation we must go back a brief space in the battle. Very shortly after the conflict bad com- menced Sir jasper found that the old wound in his shoulder had so far wrought upon his right arm as to utterly preclude the possibility of his using his sword, and when he had discharged his pistols' he fell back to re-load them. He had charged one of them when he was forced to change his position, and as he caught sight of Ar- thur Rainsford pressing forward to the lead and marked the effect which his heroism had upon the men, he felt confident that the Britons would win the day and that the pirates must be driven back to their own vessel. He had looked upon the deck of the brig and observed that only one man, able to wield a weapon, had been left in charge after the grapplings had been secured, and the thought )ad struck him that he. could not do better with khe strength that was his than to slip down and disable the long brass gun ; for he knew very well wnat mischief a vanquished foe might work with it. Directly under the break of the poop was a. tool-chest, and from this he took a small rattail file and a hammer, and having thrust them into his pocket he slipped out through the after-port down upon the deck of the brig. With his re- loaded pistol he shot the surprised sentinel through the head, and then hastening to the brass gun he. drove the slender file into the priming-vent as far as he could, and broke it off, after which, with one ,or two smart blows, he settled the part remaining in the vent below the surrounding service of the piece. 'This done he made the best of his way back to the deck of the ship; and as he entered at the open port he found himself confronted by two of the pirates. Whether they were on the point of retreating to the brig, or whether they had witnessed his work of spiking their gun, he could not determine; but they instantly recognized him as one of the chiefs of the ship's force, and made ready to slay him. The old soldier still held the hammer in his hand, and with this he sought to defend himself ; but his arm was weak, and he was borne back over the carronade, one of the pirates holding him in that position,. while the other raised his cutlass to run hiin through. This was the situation which had caught Ar- thur's eye, and which he had hastened to cireuna- vent. A reeling pirate who stood in his way he pushed aside as lie would have removed a child from his path, and on the next instant he was at the breech of the gun. Sir Jasper had been borne back supinely, without the power to help himself, and when he saw the second villain draw back his blade for the deadly thrust he believed the end was at hand, and of the swiftly varying thoughts that flashed through his mind during the brief suspense the uttermost, and those which coloured all the rest, were of Mary. He had murmured her name in a fervent prayer, and was wondering what should be the character of his next awakening, when something flashed like a stream of light across the line of his vision—he heard a heavy thud—and the man who was aiming at his life sank from his sight as though he had been stricken by a bolt from heaven. Another flash, and he who had held him down upon the gun likewise fell. "Sir Jasper 1 God grant that harm hath not befallen you I" He was raised up by a strong hand, and stood face to face with his preserver. " Rainsford - "You are not harmed, Sir Jasper?" "Thank God, no !" "Then rest you here. This work will soon bo

done." Thus speaking, the youthful hero once more faced the foe, hut there was little fighting to be done. The pirates had lost their chief officers, and as their numbers grew less and less, they became utterly disheartened and demoralised, and fell back from the fray. A few who had been forced to the waist leaped over the gangway upon the deck of their own vessel, snd the others, when they saw this, followed as swiftly as possible. Some of the more fiery of the English crew, fraught with the spirit of vengeance, would have given pursuit, but Arthur restrained them. "If they will go," he cried, "let them go, in God's name! Blood enough has been shed. We have the ship to save." And he thought of another thing to be saved— something near which he would have deadly com- bat no longer than was necessary. In a very few minutes from the retreat of the first of the vanquished pirates all who were alive of their crew had left the deck of the Indiaman. A few of the wounded ones were helped over the side by the visitors, and shortly afterwards the grapplings were cast off and the ship's main-top- sail was given to the breeze. As she began to gather headway Capt. Harlow looked back upoa the deck of the brig, and saw that the pirates were loading their long gun. "My God 1" he exclaimed," we are not free yet. If they should cripple us, they might lie off and sink us." "Be under no apprehension, Captain," said Sir Jasper, with a look of grim satisfaction. " They wont fire that gun again until they have drilled a new priming vent." "Sir Jasper," cried Arthur, with a gleam of in- telligence upon his face, "I saw you coming in at the port." "Yes," returned the old soldier, "I had fore- seen this very emergency, and had been down to spike their gun, and I can assure you that it is spiked beyond all their power to free it." And his words proved true. The pirates were seen at work upon the breech of their gun while the burning match stood unused in its tub. They punched with the priming-wire, and they pounded with a hammer, and without doubt they swore a great many fearful oaths; but all to no effect. They were left farther and farther astern, and upon the redeemed Indiaman they could do no more harm. Redeemed, indeed, had been the good old ship, but at a fearful cost. Some of the beat and the bravest of her crew had fallen ; but they had fallen right loyally, and the crown of glorious victory descended upon them from the result of their work. True and loving hearts mourned for , them and sincere prayers in their behalf —prayers from lips that spoke with earnest faith—were I wafted to the throne of the Eternal Father as the blue waters closed above their ocean graves. (To be continued).

===== 0002601_18950817_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

I shall begin my weekly outpouring with a description of a few of the elegant Paris fashione now being worn in the country and at the seaside. Here is a bright pink satin antique. It has a plain skirt five yards round, the bodice well draped, and large elbow sleeves, the bodice having bretelles at the back, and a yoke of black velvet, embroidered with steel, from which falls a steel fringe, forming three points over white lace. A dress of apple- green linen, with ten rows of Valenciennes inser- tion going round the skirt, over silk, the same shade of green : linen chemisette boullante, with a black bow on the left shoulder, and a deep berthe of Valenciennes: the sleeves also striped with Valenciennes, very full to the elbow; bows and band of black velvet striped with green. • -

A pretty blouse is of pink Chine silk, with a blurred design in cerise, and the little rosettes on the sleeves and the folded collar and bows are all of surah in a deep cerise tint. Down the front and back of the blouse is a wide box-pleat, and this at the front has insertion lace, nearly covering the pleat, and a couple of paste buttons. The sleeves are short, in the now fashionable style, and on warm days the blouse is wearable without the sleeveless jacket, and on cool days a more sub- stantial bodice or blouse will quite alter the appearance of the cbAtume. A very similar blouse is made in blue Clone silk, with insertion and narrow frills of lace across the bodice. The novel sleeves are gored to the wrist, and piped with Valenciennes lace, a most stylish arrangement.

A stylish skirt and sleeveless bodice with two or three blouses, will be quite sufficient to ensure a stylish appearance to its possessor during a holiday of two or three weeks, in addition, of course, to the coat and skirt travelling dress, and this also may be varied, if necessary, by a second smart little coat made of material to match the skirt. The short Eton jacket is quite separate, and the collar removable, and when the jacket is worn with a sailor hat, a delightfully nautical effect may be obtained by donning a wide sailor collar and cuffs of white drill, edged with blue, and adding a sleeveless vest of blue and white drill, in narrow stripes. With carefully 3hoBen accessories of this description, it is wonder- ful how the costume may be changed, and a blue serge arrangad as described, and with tan boots, gloves, and stockings, and a white sunshade, forms an ideal toilette for the sea-shore; or, with a sleeveless front of pleated silk, and a lawn collar Ind cuffs, trimmed with lace, as shown in the sketch, will have a smart, dressy effect, and can be worn with the black hat adorned with roses. The " cross-over " blouses are also very popular. A wide lace collar is an ornament to these costumes.

I saw last week a very pretty evening gown made in yellow satin, the sleeves covered with purple chiffon. It was as most of the best dresses are now, full and simple in the skirt, having just a bow of velvet in front at the hem, intermixed flowers, a trimming which was repeated at the waist of the pretty bodice. This was richly em- broidered with turquoise and pearls; a triple fes- toon of pearls in front, a bow of ribbon on one shoulder, and a bunch of flowers on the other. The cut of these sleeves, with double puffs, large and small, the large at the top, is a mode which is likely to linger with us.

Here are a couple of hats, or rather, a toque and a hat. The first is well adapted to the season and coming harvest, and is daring in its mixture of colour. The bows are o: rose-coloured velvet in- termingled with green and yellow corn and poppies, the bows and the bearded grain blending well to- gether, while the poppies droop becomingly on the hair. Toques are likely to remain some time in fashion. it would I,..lifficult to find a more becom- ing hat to an English lace than this one of straw. Though broad in ti.e brim, it does not overshadow the face, but widens at the sides. Outside it la covered with marguerites, brought into greater pro- minence by bows and green velvet, a spray of flowers standing out boldly at the side. The crown is somewhat high, and widens towards the top; a double set of white wings match the white hat. Then there is another in light brown fancy straw. This has two rosettes or r6siSila velvet and a wreath of cornflowers and smart bow of shot blue and brown ribbon.

Your loving JENNIA.

CARTER'S LITTLE 1 :-Crogillo --.R PILLS. , $ • 1 PM BEAUTIFUL TEETH Dose. for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of lil A ' SOZODONT, 1 the pleastinte:,4llaintitrice ix the P tirel y Vega.- I , table. ' Cleanses the teetlrand spaces Curd Torpid Liver, Bile, I between them as nothing else Sallow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly white H Sink eadaches promptly : teeth, rosy lips, and fragra.no and cure them so as to stay breath ensured. *urea. Chemists, is. ICI. Ask for SOZODOWe'es. Od. [

t c%. Ir 4; .:.;,,:;;W::::,,,. ,_ ~, • - I•n---)-7------77.-k•::"2--- . \ )1 , ti..:'••4l-.."/ ~:--:".*:-7.7'ii,,, •-•-•-.H—R•.' - ,:. ' - if: ::: •.:", : .:1 2 :, ' •.: • s . ' . v,,,. 4-••:?' ''''•---_,. 1, ...-•,/ 1 1 14

C".;• )(;' r,-- - • , ;No*, -it (A,•", tp, . '7•;/4,0- /\..,/ r i • ~../6e., , 4,,.) c, i ..-4.• c.: it. 7%.,.. , II \-4 - - - , / ..*, 1;,;' IS!!! f / \ ti:), 0 , 'llt / , . /. l, • -

, lig •,,- 'i, A A ..r_ ri er 5,?.4%, •_,-, ,-- - , ; . ii-).",-- *

. Small LIVE A., Small NtaffM Pr.c. ITTLF Fort:- iu ,VILI.V...ER • ' si pIL s

===== 0002601_18950817_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS. BY BYLVANUS COBB, SS.

CHAPTER vim 'THE OCEAN BATTLE! The brig had so far proved her sailing qualities that all hope of escape had been for some time given up by the Indiaman's crew; yet, from an Instinct ever present with a chase, they had stood on while they could, ready to accept any accident that might fall in their favour. No such accident occurred, however; and when the pirate com- menced to discharge his long gun within effective range Capt. Harlow called his officers together for consultation, deferring to Sir Jasper in such matters as he was willing to consider. "My own opinion is," said Harlow, "that we had better heave. to. It is painful and humiliating, His speech was cut short by the tearing of a chain shot through the leech of the spanker. "That answers the question," said Sir Jasper. "Our rigging is at their mercy, and if we leave it for them to heave us to, they will do it with a vengeance. I think the quicker you come-to, the better. Without further delay the mainsail was clewed up, and the main-topsail laid to the mast. The ship now lay with her head to the southward and east- ward, with her larboard tack aboard, while the pirate was a mile and a half distant to leeward, standing very near north, upon the starboard tack. "Now," said Sir Jasper, as soon as the braces had been belayed, "the next thing for us to do, is to fix our battery." "Will you set the guns Sir Jasper ?" "If I were upon the field, Captain, I should do so with some degreee of confidence; but in this instance I must defer to your better judgment. Only I may make this remark: Let your guns be so set that they can rake the rascal, if possible. How will the pirate come up? Of course he will run us by the board ?" "I think so," replied Harlow. "It is plain to be seen that the brig is handled by an experienced sailor; and I can only judge what I would do if I were in his place. By standing on upon his present course, and hugging the wind, as he seems Inclined to do since we hove-to, he will run under our stern not more than two cable's-length away; and when at a proper distance he oan go about and drop down upon our weather quarter." "And this you think he will do ?" "Yes. I shoulti do it if I were in his place." "Then let us govern ourselves accordingly, and mask all four of our guns on the larboard quarter." Agreeably to this plan the four carronades were set upon the larboard side of the quarter-deck, where there were just ports enough to accommodate them. These port-holes were covered by hanging screens, which upon being unhooked could be thrown up by the running out of the guns, so that, as the bul- warks were high, the enemy could have no idea of armament until the muzzles wee exposed. The guns were heavily loaded with scrap-iron—terrible missiles for short range—and then secured by breeching and side-tacktes, and Sir .Jasper himself, at the earnest request of his companions, assumed command of the battery. Meantime the stnaii-arms had been loaded and distributed, and the crew instructed in the tactics they might be called upon to follow. There were still to be seen pale faces and quak- ing limbs, but nothing that looked like failing or faltering. At length the pirate came up under the stern, at about the distance which Harlow had antici- pated, and when she had gained a favourable posi- tion to windward she went about, and clued up her courses, prepared to drop clown upon the India- man's weather beam. Iler crew, a motley horde, armed with pistols and cutlasses and knives, crowded upon the lee rail, presenting an aspect bloodthirsty and terrible. At this juncture, when the pirate's course had been fully determined, Mary Wallace was per- suaded to retire. When she passed Arthur, who stood by one of the carronades, she touched him upon the arm, and said to him: If the fervent prayers of a contrite and trust- ing spirit can avail anything in this terrible hour, know that there is one who will not forget to pray, if she may not fight." "God bless and save you I" ejaculated Arthur. And with these words he took her hand and led her to the hatchway. He would have said more, but he dared not trust himself. Even amid the mutterings of that dreadful danger, with the storm of battle gathering about him, his heart had gone forth to that beautiful girl, with its full and undi- vided burden of love; and he had become a devoted worshipper at the shrine of her purity and loveliness. And the presence of the grim pirate, with death threatening in a hundred shapes, was not sufficient to prevent him from picturing to him- self the bright and blessed future which might be his if only SHE could share it with him. Had Sir Jasper been given the privilege to plaoe the brig as beat suited his purpose he could not have selected for her a position under his batter), more favourable than that which she assumed of her own accord. She had gone about upon the ship's weather quarter, and was dropping alongside with just enough wind in her sails to bring her to the re(p, position. The old soldier had seen his guns properly de- pressed and trained, and the lighted matches were in the hands of trusty men, who understood well their duties. "Brie ahoy 1" shouted Captain Harlow, from the horse-block. He did not care to expose himself upon the poop., "Aye! aye ! was returned from the brig. "What brig is that?" The answer was the running up of a black flag to the brig's peak, in the centre of the dark field of which was the ghostly device of a pair of crossed- bones surmounted by a human skull. The showing of that bloody flag at that time was evidently in- tended to inspire terror on the part of the crew of the ship. "What ship is that?" demanded the pirate, with a strong Portuguese accent. The answer of the Indiaman was one for which the rascals were evidently not prepared. They were crowding up the rail of their vessel, ready for a spring into the chains of the ship, some with their pistols, and some with their cutlasses, ready for use. Gen. Wallace saw that the moment had come, and he gave the order for running out the guns. The movement was executed without mishap, and it was found that the two after guns bore directly upon the brig's crowded deck. "Numbers One and Two !—Fire The matches were applied, and the carronades belched forth two dense volumes of fire and smoke, and amid the roar could be heard the tearing and crashing of the iron hail upon the pirate's deck. "Numbers Three and Four/—FIRE I" By the brig's top-hamper above the smoke Sir Jasper could see that she had ranged up within reach of the other two guns' and they were dis- charged together ; and from the howling and the screeching which arose above all other din it was evident that they had done fearful execution. But the British crew knew that the survivors of the piratical horde would only be made more desperate by this blow, and they nerved themselves accordingly. Still, the havoc made by the ragged missiles with which the carronades had been loaded had greatly lessened the invading force, and had, furthermore thrown into confusion those who were prepared to board. The result was that the pirates came tearing wildly up the main and mizzen rigging, where they were met by the steady fire of the musketeers, joined by a score of pistols. As it was, a score of the freebooters gained the ship's deck, and as they leaped impetuously from the netting': the Englishmen were borne back upon the opposite side. More of the pirates soon came pouring in, and when Sir Jasper had had oppor- tunity to take in the whole situation he found that the enemy did not greatly outnumber the British force. Full two-score of the rascals had been either killed or disabled by the fire of the carronades, and at least half a score had been shot down while coming over the side. True it is that in a battle confined within limits so narrow as those of the deck of a ship men will take the guiding instinct from him who is foremost in the fight, and the more especially so when that foremost man is one whose moral force is equal to his physical display. Now Arthur Rainsford, when the battle com- menced, had no thought of leading the fight. He had thought to look to Sir Jaser and to Captain Harlow, and to follow in their 'lead; but, further than this—or deeper than this—he had been moved by the thought of saving Mary Wallace from a fate which none on earth could be more horrible. And If he would save her, he must overcome the pirates nd diive them back to their vessels. With such

===== 0002601_18950817_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINER'S WIFE TORTURED.

We recently had occasion (writes a " Wakefield Ex- press reporter) to visit the coal mining district of New Saarlston, and at No. 30, Crossley-street. Sharlston, met Mrs. Thompson, wife of a miner, who told an extraor- dinary tale of sufferings. About 14 years ago Mrs. Thompson contracted a severe cold,whieh rapidly developed into rheumatism of the most acute kind. She was known all over the neigh- bourhood as one of the greatest sufferers in England; un- able to move without aid, and tormented day and night by the most poignant anguish of body and limb. She had the greatest difficulty in moving about the house with two sticks or crutches. Her apprthe failed, and she became a mere shadow of her former self,her weight falling off to the extent of nearly three stone. Mrs. Thompson's condition became serious, and much sym- pathy was elicited on her behalf, but even the skill of the best local doctors had not the desired effect. At a heavy expense the bath treatment was tried in succes- sion at Buxton, Matlock, Askern, and Harrogate, —and all in vain. The tortures continued, and Mrs. Thomp- son began to despair, and to think that her case was hopeless or incurable. One day Mrs. Thompson purchased a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pate People, a remedy not like other medicine, which has cured some very obstinate cases. From the time she commenced to take them she gradually improved. To-day she is in far better health than she has been for the last thirteen years. No doubt there are certain people (says the " Wakefield Express ") who will designate this" an advertising puff," but we can assure our readers on the authority of our reporter, and on the evidence of many of the residents in Sharlston, that the above statement is literally true and not exaggerated. Mrs. Thompson said ?` I feel thankful that I was ever led by the good hand of God to try this marvellous remedy. I have continued taking the Pills, my appetite has improved. my weight has gone op from six stone ten pounds to about nine stone." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure rheumatism, neuralgia, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache,

- , and prostration; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c., restore pale and sallow complex- ions to the glow of health, are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men cure all cases arising from worry, overwmk, or excesses. They are sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company. 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2+. 91. a box or six for 13s. 9d., in wooden boxes with pink wrapper ; eenuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELBE DISASTER.

-- The final deliverance of the German Admiralty Court en the collision between the Elbe and the Crathie is pre- cisely what we anticipated. The Court found that the officer of the watch on the Crathie was in fault for not keeping a proper hr k-out, that the offie.er who was in charge of the Elbe might have prevented the collision if he had taken proper steps, and that the master of the Crathie was not te blame for his " omitted attempts " to save the passeDgers and crew of the Elbe, becau,e his own vessel was in such a condition that he was justified in believinr, she was about te founder. The Court might have gone further and admitted that it was not pranible for th Ctathie to have rescued any of the un- fortunate people frrm the Elbe. The British steamer was turned round as soon as it had been ascertained that she wruld float, but by that time the Elbe had run a nsideratle distance and sank before the Crathie could get near the spot. Indeed the fact that the Elbe had I gone down was not known to the master of the Crathie until he had got into a German port. The officer of the Crathie was no doubt, on the finding of the Court, primarily to blame for the overwhelming disaster, but the fact remains that the Elbe—which had twice the speed of the Crathie—could have got out of the way if the officer in command had chosen to go out of his course a mile or two.,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- '

===== 0002601_18950817_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A MANCHESTE ft BLACKING' MAKER'S

FORTUNE. HANDSOME GIN'IS TO CHARITIES.

Mr. William Berry, the well-known hlackitT mann- factur-r, or Mancheger, who (Fed at Bowdon, Cheshire, a few weeks smee, has b(queathed a sum of £51,000 to Manchk ster and local ch,rities. To the Manche,4lllln- firmarc he lea' es £lO,OOO, to the Manch.e.3ter City Mis- sion £5,000, to the Boys' ilfu,ge £3,000, to the N,tional Litavy,at fo,tir ution £2,000, the Southport Convalescent 11pital £2.000, Dr. Barnado's Home Ll,OOO, Royal Eye Host ital £l,OOO, Blind Asylum (Old Trafford) £l,OOO, and tn., society for the Prevention cf Cruelty to Chil- dren £l,OOO.

The frog barometer, used in Germany and Switzer- land, is a very simple apparatus, consisting of a jar of , water, a frog and a little wooden step-ladder. If the frog comes out and sits on the steps, rain is expected.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
_REMEDY FOR POVERTY.

--- turihniglatnotherxoppliacinmaennd manoddiwtyomen are theoriziyg, oaung yet In spite of the almost mtirhaecuevloiluss " loaves and fishes," due to modern invention ;in oPite of the advantages of education, and advanced civil tion ; poverty, as a petering disease, as a tureateitin s g cloud, holds fast upon us. Why, with all our charity, with all onr noble impulses.with all our mighty national ofinr)crycea the rs? ;of progress, why should there bl, so many helpless—ghoul even starving? The cause of general poverty is not in that there ig 0 deficiency, but because too large a percentae,e of the; human race are over-burdened with care ; bound and held down by infirmities and disease, rend d Pre' ering Win unable to bold their own in the struggle for life an dominence. Thousands of poor mortals are suffering rho; day because in younger days, or uin ,1•0 d "roni-I(s),_ prime of life, they were handicappe' s, and disease. Little—seemingly barrnless--oYnlYptr neglected ; occasional aches and pains . bilious attacks, o disturbance of the stomach after steal Were allowed:a increase in frequency until they increased by their °'',be momentum—for habits of disease are creases body often made as thoughtlessly as a fold in a neted, paper, easily smoothed and remedied at first ';neglec they rapidly develop frem functional to organic' discialoo; leaving the victim a " hopeless invalid." If You!,,,,bte.ge, (by occasional giddiness, nausea, periodical heal' l or unnatural feelings of melancholy) tries plainly you it is over-burdened, helpless, inactive, and tvivt.,, listen to its warnings and enliven it to its nornial by taking Warner's Safe Cure, which for years has °?_,a ve am,. cessfully stood the severest tests by those it for torpidity of the liver and the weaknesses der=',6i ing therefrom. Mr. G. Hall, of IS; Carlton-street, 7.:;• Hartlepool, writes : '°l have suffered from bilitusturpl and liver complaint from childhood, and i'. several kinds of medicines but they gave me vir; ICureltt ' relief, until I was persuaded to 'sw try Warner's eafe and I can truly say that I found relief from th sue e fteeedi ' doses." With health at command who cannot I and earn the necessaries of life ?"

===== 0002601_18950817_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A NATIVE ATTAcK IN A tTSTItAblik.

-- t attack: Mr. M. B. Purse gives anaccount of which some natives - ...rit rY nl4° in the northern ix'-•, Uunn• two Australians. The details were gis'ea '' gr. tile' st of Port Darwin,who had heard them fi two principal actors. They were corrraborated bYro,7o, , J three other gentlemen belonging to PorC pastor,' ' Consequently," says Mr. i " 61 [though the fot, urse, a at first sight is * a reCea • on. scarcely credible, I feel its accuracy. John Mullaghan and George 1.,Y,ne'stofett` of the Surveyor General of Victoria, were cartit to' from the Victoria Eiver Depot, Northern Territorfi Victoria Downs Station,a distance a about eee bndred miles ; they were accompanied by two blackare re" p . , who had been with Monaghan for 15 and '' soon spectively. When about 30 miles from the dePeteid. 011 after they had halted for the night theY were ttvfeea , attacked by a group of " blacks " numbering " two' , two and three hundred, armed 'With spears. gice heir litralien ' boys 'had deserted, joined the blacks, and ~. Sel""; h l• t with them their two Winchester rifles, with 6 ge re asters had armed them for defensive purPc'srs. tof er m . aghan and Lygar were also armed with Wincohesdo l p eaters ; and ,by dint of heaping up some of the 0400 stores behind the waggon, they secureo d, tabeia r t:rsi‘ amount of shelter. As soon as they realise ooa tion they opened fire on the blacks and bY a . ilest° ordinary exhibition of pluck kept g their at bay for three days and three ni hts In " throve, time they had both been wounded Mdllaghaa the kneed ' - i id oint '' .t failse'smerinh' the back tendons of one leg, just a abcve biS and Lygar in two places—through his nose an thirecoord- back, just clearing the lung* At day they determined to make adatshhe for d aj• tb ,LOa ..and ingly they mounted on two of the waggoo hc"- rode away through the fire of the etielaY;mild fiet, traversed a distance of 80 miles before theY oni4„. any assistance r, here they could get no Pre'anys th' medical aid, and had to wait for twenty-seven r-ell sf. d the they got down to Port Darwin before theY se„cau-cl services of a doctor. Mullag Ilan was Wcai"-eetal e• spear made of a sheep-shear bade, which teutllf well/ the back tendons. Though he was getting on 'al,7 Mr.Gunn told me,it was still doubtful w u hether —eceive" ortlose his leg. The spear which t Vgar rtle• °l3 hough his nose was made out of an old glass h°t• hefore the daY - ig was just out of hospital for the first time not we arrived at Fort Darwin. Comment on raY 'iMs ail' needless. Such attacks by natives are by no alLi 11l iii,, common in parts of Australia inesP,,,`„-ts verY the Northern Territory, which at present ie '-',74every sparsely inhabited by Europeans. At ano.h°ll2ed' -p-erhasitiSiii we seldom hear accounts of such hin s' l° ' some of us are under the impressiont th'at the 0--nnirfet• the Northern Territory of Australia lives in as re. security as we ourselves do at home, but it is net °

_________...--- N. gy, SINGULAR ACTION AGAINST A- v 0....' A singular action, in which Mr. Ernest Itlower,t',,otory was the defendant, was heard at the Dradfordvradford Court on Tuesday. Mr. A. V. ° Haromond solicitor, sought to recover from Mr. Flower - , paid Il vices rendered as an election agent and Inc'nel,,imed 8' “f°. that c : pacity ; alternatively the money ~..; breach of agreement. Mr. Hammond said Flower's agent in 1892, and after the contPst of '-ci „via for inoger Mr. Flower wrote .-,--," If I ever contest Brad hope I may have you as my agent.' In 1893 Mira.rnoi°l'd consented to stand again, and all along jr.N considered himselt Mr. Flower's agent. 'Tlr:"€6, tf're and expended money on his behalf. Oil ''u-eviceg ever, he received a letter stating that his ser A gai. „big not to be retained. Mr. Flower was called, am" os ',, had never given Mr. Hammond to believe lia ll , defer ere; election agent and never authorised him to *WeV diture on his behalf. Judgment was glyeD W ant, with costs.

tiOr N• re, a SHOW THIS TO SOUR WO—AbiT I will send a valuable. Instructive, and big 10,1 To Ow book which eve-y woman would IDE' g rid te Contains important and confidential advice_!ci married and single how to keep healthy 57,30, anxieties so distressing to the sex. Seilt TerrOe ,ealed, for one stamp to cover postage. .tbourne ADDRYSS Professor LASALLE, 17. Paddington, London. W

FITS OR EpiLESPY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, . •r"--11, I will deonstr ite to the whole world b0b.11;,, 'LLI beel m dreadful of all complaints, .. Epilepsy," wl4,fliir pert '. hitherto con si ,ered incurable can be Pernul'iesee."-a.' He (w of toolul,d. send edmo,yh..eau,n 0,8e...0.fGr wfizotiolidu r ei)i Write istdoe t bpsa'r ...tr. II: e-tfrlie: .. t H. • strati° e 0,33 " TonaccomsTe commencing " Illd. gi, 400. 0 TOBACCo Nis Ts ' ' Co.-186 Euston-foad,Eoui'cle (26911g8ger' HY. IVlvvße Not. 1866. Si3O)l6 e ricl °,,if Derfell‘ RUPTURE CURED. - All who wish to ii.,,,t Easf.,,A-,• a tr" t• and trusses should send to Mr S• Specialist, '64, Chancery-lane, Manchester for his Book, post _ THE PLAGUE OF THE RUIN OAF "I'lLEiAttLleTiCio:ugh•., A A " Little Ciogb' THE FORERUNNER OF DEATHS h may be CURED now by the viii ALL'S 8 it Which tT UNG FOR Li, cl-q%OIOA Registered AND i .31.iivit VII) AND -,aliS. LUNG CO griij'' pOWSI!‘ RESTORER ,s'irll° Never Fails, It POSSESS b- - ,„ IP , LUNG to soovo, tre-,1,,t0 HEAL, willertion. RESTORER other POP"- LUNG FOB COUGHS C 005; OA, 0 REsToREE VH FAIEC' bl• Never Fails. It ON- DEiiLI- 'JUNO INSTANT In OS° os' RESTORER TiH Flits' T-111 so ' 18 A SOO coo. LUNG RESTORER INDUCEiSt, Neverl)„6:tilitigT,Ao Calm an Coi-` 16,0 t LUNG DOES IsA 001 -PESTORER LAU DA'''. ' . lA, Fails mo ono- „roa ,TOll. LR "GESTORER . FO. wlO-- cow. AO A T UNG IT ACTS T-- it. 1.4 RESTORER 1 ‘2l. children 11)`e 1500 a. Never Fails ONE 100. es, HALL'S pitov Ts vAr' AO u 3 1 40 0 LUNLIRESTORER 00 3 Registered ESTADO sots GIVES INSTANT NEVEII N'A/TS.I RELIEF. FAILS. 1r tlO/'l' EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITN-It'lSs,l3°-Pegt'aall Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for fI.T To Mr. THOS. HALL.•• DEAR Slit;;' 0., -- 0000045001101. testify to the great benefit derived frouo m erAl c'1,.0 erold RESTORER, which I have given Lv_ ,74$ We' de my Home—in two caskspattiCUlatly it... lOUB, having cured most obstinate Cough, LO to recommend it to all my friends." I tiAltflOO -------- t Bottle 1 agyi toe LUNG CAUTION.—When you ask, ts3k f°re; to acceP io Woo Iib:STORER, don't be pos"r'e ~,ry genii sip'. pper mei c,I,E) pfl. eel, appears my Trade Mark (the else. Upon the outside wra figure of 1, v.toni. oin Beware of fraudulent imitations and inn,_ti"ere 111,0090.0. Sold by Chemists and Stores _,,,, everY" is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. Shoal d there be_. ..;cat Ovicto. obtaining, it will be sent ,s;rrifige -,.. hi 4:. rQueel3 for the amount, from vicS. HALL, 0 street, London,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ta

•1S IL

===== 0002601_18950817_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
%9 Cr Pr

===== 0002601_18950817_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
11( V, Zll lbltri to

tt,R LOP

)44 tt t], t„ ' f Ot )44 htk 1411

===== 0002601_18950817_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OP WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

Witt or dbaary Postage '64) to .2•15 arn.

With Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

-0 a.na.

S-30 6.30 ,In.

9.3 e fto-oan. 10-10

11.10 11.3.a.ra.

11-30 ,112.

12 40 az, 1.5 g P.m.

31'9, itonle-N9 Mows '''' ""* • Widnes, Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Prodsham Helsby, Daresb

iManchesl

14 Pao. . 115 1-40 246 114 11-45

P.m. 4-16 o.in 41_410 1.41rE.; '4140 * -45 P.m..

- . and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, • Lymni, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate,Staback ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton,

andWoolston ...... ................ For Town Delivery & Latchorri.... Manchester, Macclesfield, StoCk Port, Buxton, Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham, & S.-East

Lancashire ''''''''''''' London, Southern and S,-Western Counties, Central South Wales

and Foreign-- ^••••••••-• Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Presoot, Southport, Birkenhead, Orraskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn ........ . ............... Lanchester, 5.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mld- Cheshire, Central Wales, and

61 Pan.

Foreign. : ....................... ......... Bolton ........................... ........... Preston, North Lancashire, West

-- _ Cumberland ............. London, Midland, Soutlaern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, &

Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-to- Willows and Wigan

Liverpool Frodsham, Frodskam Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, renketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley ..... Mandhester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall _

reeCon, N.-Bast Lancashire. W

o'ls Pan 1-3° Pan. 111.4 11.45

10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Cumberland, Wigan, Manchestet Peterborough, and East Lincoln shire

_ I

===== 0002601_18950817_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TosYri -Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormsktrk, Isle

if Man, lc-Glasgow Night Mail llespenb. All Parts London, Midlands. S.-Eastern 8 South Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950817_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
10' in ,11„00,i; 1111°); 004101 910. in O. ofoctor

===== 0002601_18950817_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 p.m.

r a-0 1 4'30 11.0 ,o 4, 6.40 1 14k1 /tv va ROUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BoxER ARE CLEARED IS FOLLOWS : ' 41.---7------,_. ..C"VING H tittlestown°l7BE— al,,..o_ , sA,hTexs . I?°llins4reen 1201110 rue I t Wton qt4b, Win.2aw Cross *iv wick 4rgrave

8-10

WEEK-DA.Y9. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

SUNDAYS 4-30 p.m

and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9 30 FL.M. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 n 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. NIL Nil. Nil. d-55 10-30

Lane. Newton (11%1.141'1 Common tahe Racecourse) (tiw Statiox Prt.eWtoti, Bridge) Junction. Golborne vtowefil Street, „ '4ooo:,4lChapel „?1, Common (aear Lowton St toit3lol2•TY's Station) n Road. Ashton. 11„ Vitlaoe .... ort,o,wood. Place) 1/441 tow 'are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle ~........_lll:::stlgetat.emrs..and. 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the earn ' '

5. 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am. and 7 pan. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Ni.. 10-15 a.lll. Nil.

TOWN DELIVER ES AS FOLL WS:-

ITo I By Callers. I Postmen.

70 a.m.

11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18950817_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
1.11-40 f 12-0

72-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-1 b „ } 3-15 ,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 pm.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
3-15 m.

645 a.m. }7-0 a.m. Next day.

I 9-15 „ 1

hilth '. —_ - bl34ft-erl'l D PROVED ! kPOD, ere from Grivel. Lumlytizo, Piles, Pains in the Back, tcl4.,3,:olVind 9,,,d Water Complaint. Diseas-s of Ridneys, tusitt.-• otone. Sc mica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a t 4(4 '' CUre la your motley will be raurned. Prices is. lid., Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and. Z mi.ellit,tistied I Zscb,,.ernists. or post free for 12 stamps from HOLROYD'S Cbeckheaten, !brim [foul be put off. If get them write to tha Proprietor ad s box will 4 "Zt POs.—Advt. .

===== 0002601_18950817_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT

French journals have discovered a flea evidence of the better understanding between Germany and Great Britain in the presence of British warships off Tangier. This time they are pretty nearly right, as our ships are sent to back up a German claim for redress. The murder of a second German merchant in Morocco made matters rather serious, and the pressure of the combined fleets has had the desired effect. Germany will be grateful enough to assist Great Britain elsewhere, most likely in Egypt, when that matter becomes acute, as it most cer- tainly wilt do before long. There is a suspicion that Lord alisbury does not mean to evacuate Egypt at all, and that the acrimony of France as well as the attitude of the Sultan relative to the Armenian reforms is due to strong suspicions on this peint.

Alehough Somerset House is well aware that tome efforts have been and are being made to evade the new estate duty, there is no fear that they will be serioug enough to affect revenue or to necessitate legislation in the way of prevention, or even of repeal. A pretty sharp look-out is kept over these matters, and no systematic irregularities could eccur without detection. It will be time enough to discuss remedies when there is a real evil to be dealt with, and no indications of such an evil have been manifest. The impression that the present Government will boldly propose repeal rests upon no solid foundation.

Mr. Gully, the new speaker, is the only member of Parliament entitled to be well satisfied with Mon- day's proceedings. It was rather dull for many others, apart from the cheerful talk on the flier of the HOll9B before the election ot Speaker began, and the after-glow of gossip in the lobby. Members attended early, in some cases strolled in uncon- cernedly, in others to look pleased, indifferent. or hopeful, secured good seats or none at all, cheered their leaders, did their duty, and then separated. A glance at the majority, densely packed, shows the, not many of the new members are very young. A look of middle-age, solidity, and sobriety is obvious everywhere. Evidently it will be a safe party, easily led, not given to revolt, and only inlined to jib when extreme measures are proposed. It is a party that will look to the Ministerial bench for ideas, and cheer itcelf hoarse on slight provocation. On the Opposition side some of the new 'members look very capable, earnest men, who will not begin to try their strength too early. When Mr. Balfour wished the Speaker' a period of calm and peace " the Opposition laughed without any sting in its merriment, and Mr. Balfour's eyes twinkled as if he also saw the humour of the suggestion.

Anybody know anything of " Mr. Whittington Barnes "1 asks the " Realm." The London corres- pondent of the " Echo de Paris " has interviewed Mr. Barnes, and says that he is the President of the Thames Valley Legitimist Club, and that no fewer than three thousand politicians share Mr. Barnes's notions of the legitimate. According to these notions. anarchy has been the condition of England ' since 1688,when o.tr last legitimate sovereign evacu- ated the country. No Act of Parliament since that event has been valid. There is no such thing as the Hanoverian Succession, and her present Majesty Mr. Barnes grieves to say, is an usurper. The lady who should be resident at Buckingham Palace, it appears, ascended the English throne, in exile, in 1875. She died in 1878, leaving the crown to her son Robert, Prince of Wales,the only genuine. The Prince is, at present, somewhere in Bavaria, and we are governed by a Council of Regency during his minority. At the latter end of next year, however, the Prince will come of age, and will be proclaimed sing of England., France and Ireland. Mr. Barnes will thus, besides providing us with a king we can do without, burden the Republic over the way with yet another king it cannot do with. When Mr. Balfour congratulated the burly mem- ber for Gateshead on his return to the House of Commons, Mr. Allen said that "when the Liberal ship was wrecked on the Tory rocks he swam ashore by the aid of a plank—a good Scotch ,fir," he added with a twinkle in his eye. After shaking hands with Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Allen said to him. "And now you've got the power, I hope you'll give us some of the good social measures you talked about in your younger days."

Committee-room No. 15 was on Tuesday the scene ot quite a harmonious gathering, after There was none of the tumult that bad been pre- dicted. "I have never in my life attended a more peaceable meeting of our party," was the remark one of the oldest Nationalist members made to me when it was all over. Mr. Justin M'Carthi, was unanimously elected chairman. The ,question of dispensing with a committee was raised by Mr. Bealy's friends, in order that the party as a whole should manage its affairs, but it was defeated by a majority of nearly 2 to I. The election of the committee was 'deferred until Thursday. Dr. Tanner, Captain Dmelan, and Mr. Donal Sullivan were chosen as Whips.

It is of interest to hear that a large contract has recently been arranged between one of the leading Arms in Berlin and a prominent English company for the supply of the latter to Germany of " mi- trailleuses," to the value of nearly a quarter of a million sterling. The guns, which will be the Maxim principle,are due to be delivered in January next, and there is every likelihood that other similar contracts will be placNl with the same firm. It may be added that the company with which the contracts have been placed in England has at least three or four years' work in hand for the German and other Continental Governments.

A very proper and determined attack has begun on the cyclists in London streets,who think if they ring a bell they cease to be responsible for any accidents they may cause. The fines inflicted in the police courts during the last few days,especially in the City proper, have been most useful in pro- tecting the rights of the public, who are liable to be run into by cyclists under circumstances which render escape next to impossible. It is not im- probable that cycling for pleasure in London streets will ultimately have to be put down. It is getting to be a great danger to everybody.

I find that, in 1878, the year after Cleopatra's Needle was erected, it was dressel with some in- durating chemical solution, and the men then worked from a scaffold, which was very costly to erect. This time American ladders were suggested, but it was intimated that the workmen would be exposed to considerable risk in using them. Even- tually, the plan of using the hose was propounded, which has now, without any mishap, been effectu- ally carried nut. The Needle is looking fresh and bright.

Nothing is yet officially .known as to when the Shalizada will begin his homeward journey, but it is certain that his departure will not be made the subject of any demonstration. lam informed that the Government officials are perplexed about him. The £l,OOO a week still continues to be paid for Dorchester House. The India Office has refused to pay for his continental trip, which trip is the less necessary as the Sultan refuses to see him, and his father the Ameer tins written angry letters about the proposed journey to Paris, Vienna, and the Golden Horn, and urges his return.

Probably no cricket match this season has aroused quite so much interest as that which ended on Wednesday afternoon so disastrously for the champion county. On Monday the visitors at, Kennington Oval numbered nearly 20; 00; and on Wednesday, after a blank day on Tuesday, over 12,000 persons passed through the turnstiles. As the match was a benefit for Hobert Abel, one of the best and worthiest professional players in the country, it is only to be regretted that there should not have been a larger "gate" on each of the three days, but as it is he will no doubt reap a handsothe reward tor his long and faithful service to Surrey. The game was throughout a triumph for Yorkshire, who never gave the home side a chance, and the result will afford them material consolation for two defeats last year and one in the early part of the present season at the hands of the Surrey team. The all-round play of the Yorkshiremen was simply admirable; Brown's punishing hitting on Monday afternoon, the bowling of Hirst and Peel and Wain- wright, and the fielding of the whole side being equally worthy of praise. The Surrey men, on the other hand, quite failed to rise to the occasion. The truth is, they play a very poor losing game. Once let them get the upper hand and they are invin- cible; but tp-day, as in the disappointing match against" England ' earlier in the year, they stiepf,d when once Collare‘l like a beaten Ride, fight at all.

rh,.. nova] Lanrviresses say errtowy•s srslit3ff le unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched 1 nen, &e., either cold or slJig water starch. Mr. —, Corn ,Fall. aal7B :—"Mv wife will not finish our linen without yo,u .•tarnli Globs. 'rom Vre. firadforcl : "Dear ail.— ,trn nleteed to Inform you that I !MVO tried many Storon 1; la,ces and Polish... 'on fini noue equal to yours." t stiduldl. overy •ili •. ci(1113. it it, /Stal e not ot,u seile,e. t. B! ...1k burn. Pzoorietar.-41.!.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra E. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 e.im

===== 0002601_18950817_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

3-10

===== 0002601_18950817_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ni!. Nil.

6 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. Nil

===== 0002601_18950817_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17 1895.

NEW BOOKSIMA.GAZINES,ETC.

MACMILLAN AND Co.—Now that the new Parlia- ment has been formed and a majority of its mem- bers are strangers to the country, the shilling edi- tion by these publishers of " The New House of Commons," with lliographical notices of its mem- bers cannot be anything but highly acceptable. Not only are the biographies of its members given, but of each constituency are given the recorded polls comparisons with previous elections, and also stati- stiaal analysis of elections. The whole information is from the" Times," and another point in the favour of the book is the admirable system of ar- rangement adopted in dealing with the matter, making reference to the multifarious imformation an exceedingly simple task.—The second volume of the Pocket Edition of Charles Kingsley's works is embodied in" Alton Locke," to winch an interest- ing prefatory memoir is given by Thomas Hughes, QC., (the author of "Tom Browne's Schooldays "). This edition,with its many merits, is certain to ob- tain popularity, combining, as it does, the neces- sary qualifications,of cheapness and excellence.-- Another series, which received and still receives a hearty welcome—the Illustrated Standard Novels Series—is getting well advanced, the 611 and 7th editions having been issued. Of these two the first to appear was the one containing " Maid Marian," and" Crotchet Castle," by Thomas Love Peacock, with admirable illustraticns by Mr. F. H. Town- send; indeed the faithfulness and general excel- lence of the illustrations in all the numbers of this series have been very favourably remarked upon,as these are points not alwa3 if duly recognised in simi- lar productions. In a prolificiiintreduction Mr. George Saintsbury mentions that " Maid Marian " came out in 1822, and was very popular both in book form and as the basis of an operetta 'which Planche founded on it, and to which Sir Henry Bishop sup- plied the music. " Crotchet Castle," which Mr. Saintsbury describes as by general consent the completest and urbanest product of the author's genius," was published in 1831. The second of the two books mentioned is " Ormond," a tale by Maria Edgworth, and characteristically illustrated by Carl Schloesser, while the natural attraction of the story is supplemented by an introduction from the pen of Ann Thackeray Ritchie, who describes " Ormond "as one of the " most spontaneous" of Miss Edgworth's books. It was published in 1817 and written during the last illness of the authoress's father.—ln the Englisn Men of Action Series, "Nel- son,"by John Knox Laughton will take a prominent place,notwithstanding that the great sea-hero's bio- graphy has so often previously been placed before the public. Mr. Laughton follows out Nelson's career with evident love of detail, and displays an intimate acquaintanceship with his actions and their " cause and effect." SIMPICIN, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT, AND CO.--" A shilling book on Roses and Rose Culture," by William Paul, F.L.S.R. H.S., provides all the theoretical knowledge necessary for a practical and successful culture of roses under varied conditions. Soils and climate are dealt with and instruction • given as regards pruning, hybridising, raising 'seedlings, and in fact upon everything, In his pre- face the author describes his book as" the rationale of cultivation in a nutshell. CASSELL AND Ca—The official guides to the Great Eastern and London and North-Western Railways have been issued by these publishers at the price of 3d. each. The map of each line is given and the different towns on the routes of travel are described in an interesting manner. Neat illustra- tions are scattered through the guides.—Cassell's Saturday Journal for August has an additional 16 page pictorial.supplement illustrating moving in- cidents in the life of Her Majesty. the Queen, with descriptive text. Apart from this there is the usual budget of complete stories, humorous pictures, serials, and attractive reading of every description.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED STABBING AFFRAY AT ORFORD.

On Sunday afternoon, a quarrel took place near Orford Hall, Warrington, between two men named Thomas Golding, 1, Halifax-street, and Joseph Brookes, 2. Gandy's-yard, off Dial-street, and a number of farm labourers, and during the course of the dispute, it was alleged that Brookes pulled his knife out of his pocket, and stabbed in the arm one of the labourers named Thomas Fahay, indicting a serious wound. Brookes and Golding were subsequently arrested at their places of abode and taken to the police station, but as the affray took place about sixty yards beyond the borough bound- ary, the case was outside the jurisdiction of the borough bench of magistrates. The two men were brought before the borough bench on Monday morning,and after formal evidence had.been given, they were handed over to the county police.

Lat.'. on in• the same morning, the prisoners were brought to the Occasional Court before Mr. James Tinsley, and were charged with unlawfully inflicting upon Thomas Fallay,on the 11th August,grievous bodily harm, with a knife. Thomas Fahay, the complainant, said that he was a labourer at Caldwell's farm, Orford. On Sunday,he was going home with two companions, Shaughnassy and Rafferty, along Sandy-lane, Orford, when they met the two prisoners. Brookes in passing knocked his elbaw against Shaughnassy, whereupon the former took off his coat and wanted to fight. He went to his coat again, and then came towards them, and Shaughnassy and Rafferty ran away. Brookes then made a charge at him (complainant) and struck at him. He put up his arm to save himself and received a severe cut with a knife on the wrist. If he had not put up his arm, he would have received the blow on the head. After the blow, Brookes and Golding went towards Warrington. He (complain- ant) lost a lot of blood, and was taken by his two com- panions to Dr. Hall's surgery,where his arm was dressed. The prisoner, Golding, never did anything to him. Both prisoners were drunk, and witness had not seen either of them before Sunday afternoon. _ . . .

John Shaughnas:l7 gave similar evidence,and said that he saw Brookes pull his knife out of his pocket and strike Fahay with it. John Rafferty also gave corroborative evidence and said that after striking Fahay, Brookes cut his hat to pieces with the knife. P.C. Chrimes said that at about 5.30 on Sunday after- noon, he recoived information of the occurrence and went to Dr. Hall's surgery, when he saw the com- plainant who had a large wound on the back of the wrist, one of the sinews being severed, and several stitches being required. As he found that the affray took place outside the borough boundary, witness saw P.C. Johnson, of the county constabulary, and late at night they went to the house of Brookes. The prisoner, who was upstairs, refused to come down and was the worse for drink. Further assistance was obtained, and the house was surrounded with constables, but prisoner got through the bedroom window on to the house top, and it was threequarters of an hour before they could I capture him and take him to the police station where Fahay identified him as being the man who had wounded him._ Golding was arrested late the same night.

P.C. Johnson said that when he received Brookes and Golding into custody, he charged them with unlawfully wounding Thomas Fahay, and Brookes replied that he could do enough with his fists if it came to a test. Gold- ing said that he had nothing to do with it. The two men were searched and a knife produced was found on Gold- ing,but nothing on Brookes. On the way to the court that morning Brookes said that Fahay had a knife, and he (Brookes) tried to take it off him'and cut his little finger in doing so. He managed to get the knife and threw it into the wheat field near by. The prisoners were remanded until next Tuesday, bail being allowed to Golding.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S HANDS.

A lady chiralngist describes in the " Palmist " her impression of Mr. Gladstone's hands, gained from half an hour's close observation of them whilst his luggage was being transferred from the Tantalloon Castle to the special train at Tibury. "He was part of the time in animated conversation, so that I saw the wonderful gesture, and the immense power and individuality of the Jupiter finger. That Jupiter finger is short, but very heavy. But what seemed to me most remarkable was the very long Apollo finger, not half a nail's length shorter than the Saturn, and the Mercury, very pointed, the same length from the tip of the Apollo, so that the Mercury was really a nail's length shorter than Saturn. The nails of both hands were very bright and clear and pile in colour, and the hands very white. I could not, of course, SP(' the Lines or Mounts, excepting Luna, which was very large troin the percussion." Chirologists must find out tor themselves what all that means.

The Administrative Council of the Independent Labour party have decided to call upon the members of tire party to contest all by-elections as they occur. At a meeting of the party on Tuesday it was agreed "That out of the thirty seats fought by the party at the last election at least twenty should be provided with candidates." Mr. flay lie believes that at the next election the party " will probably secure 500,000 votes.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950817_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.MRINGTON.

FAREWELL SERMON' AT P.A.DGATE OF THE REV. J

KIRTLAN.

A large congregation attended the Wesleyan Chapel, Palgate, on Sunday evening, in anticipation of the Rev. John KU tlan making some reference to his removal. He preached from the words—" And if children then heirs ; heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ," but made no reference to his change of circuit, nor to his ministry in this district during the oast three years. AMERICAN ROCKER cnuris, sale price, 12s. 6d. BAMBOO TABLES, with two trap. sale price, 4s. Ild.—J. and W. Durrow, San kepet., Warrington.— 4 evt. WASHINGTON FIELD CLUE. On Saturday, a small detachment of members visited Thelwall Rough, under the leadership of Messrs. Mort and °Wanders. The afternoon was dull and threatening, and very few insects were stirring. Botanically the walk would have been both interesting and profitable,but a series of sharp showers compelled even the faithful few who had ventured forth, to seek shelter, and home was reached in a damp, but by no means dispirited con- dition soon after eight o'clock. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, hemmed and marked. free of charge.— J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Adat. FUNERAL OP THE LATE MR. JOHN MONKS.

- _ The funeral of the late Mr. John Monks,of Latch- ford,took place ;ery quietly at Grappenhall Church- yard on Saturday. Many of his numerous friends attended to pay a last tribute of respect to his memory. Amongst those present were the Rev. James Clarke, Salford; Mr. and Mrs. Richard Clarke, Salford; Mr. and Mrs. P. Foxcroft ; Mr. Joseph Clare; Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson; Mr. and Mrs. Henry Atkinson; Mr. Kershaw; Miss Clarke; Miss Dagnall : Councillor F. W. Monks, Councillor John Lee, Mr. William Owen, jun.' Bcl. The ser- vice was conducted by the Rev. 8.13. Prescott. la 3/SWING MiCHINES Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. wit handsome walnut cover.—J . and W. DlrrroN 16 and 18 San kev-st.. Warrington. —Advt. WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION.

On Sunday night a Gospel Temperance meeting was held a•.; the end of Bewsey-street, conducted by Mr. John Drury. Mr. R. Storey pointed out the .need of the Christian Church freeing herself from the drink traffic. Her alliance with it was a sin against Christianity. Mr Adam Horrocks observed that some people thought because he had not been in the habit of taking drink he knew nothing of its evils, but he would remind his hearers that it was not necessary for a man to put his finger in the fire in order to know the effect. He saw much of the evil of drinking, and therefore pleaded with those present to leave off drinking and sign the pledge. Some persons at the end of the meeting acted upon this advice, and took the pledge. CYCLES.—Gintaxo,Sole Agent, Bridge-at., Warring- ton.

SERIOUS FARM FIRE NEAR. WARRINGTON. Shortly after midnight on Friday last week some farm labourers employed by Messrs. Edwards, Antrobus House farm, Antrobus, were awakened by seeing the outbuildings in flames. They at once raised an alarm and the fire engine at Arley Hall was sent for. In the meantime the fire had got such a firm hold, that the utmost difficulty was ex- perienced in rescuing the horses and cattle from the burning buildings, but all were eventually got out. The large stock of hay and straw was entirely destroyed, together with a quantity of harness,im- plements and machinery, lurries, &c. The dwelling- house was in considerable danger, but on the ar- rival of the Arley engine, the brigade, seeing it was hopeless to save the outbuildings, directed their at- tention to the house,and managed, by hard work,to prevent any turther damage. The stables, sbippons, and other outbuildings were completely destroyed, nothing but the ruined walls being left. The damage done, which is covered by insurance, will amount to a very considerable sum. _

SEWING MAcarNig, Hand zt Los. on. Treadle £4 4s. wilt handsome walnut eover.-7. and W. DUTT@N, 16 and 13, Sankey-s,, Warrington.— A dvt.

ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

At the Warrington Occasional Court, on Monday, before Mr. James Tinsley, Helen Quinn, domestic servant, 19 years of age, was charged with having attempted to commit suicide by jumping into the river Mersey, at Sankey, on the Bth inst. The de- fendant was seen at about nine o'clock on the morn- ing of the day named to walk along the bank to the river, and after standing near to Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.'s Works, a few minutes, with her face buried in her shawl, to jump in the water. A man who saw this drew the attention of another man to the occurrence. Together they followed her into the water, and after much difficulty she was rescued, and placed upon the bank in an unconscious state. After cautioning the girl, whose head was said to have been affected in consequence of a certain accident, the magistrates discharged her, Mrs. Bate, her mistress, promising to take care of her.

HoireEtteLn LINENa, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. DUTTON, dankev-st.. Warrington.—Acht. PADGATE CHURCH LADS' BRIGADE. The members of the above Brigade, who had re- maine d in the northern camp on South Shore Blackpool, during the whole of the week, returned on Saturday afternoon. On Wednesday the various companies were drilled with the Volunteers in camp on South Shore. and the smart manner in which the lads acquitted themselves deservedly called forth loud praise. They were inspected by General Carey during the week, the Parlgate Com- pany joining the Warrington St. Elphin's Company. The General expressed himself as thoroughly satis- fied with their appearance and drill. Though the weather during the week was somewhat showery, on the whole the lads thoroughly enjoyed camp life. Lieutenant-Colonel J, D. Buckton was in command of the Warrington Battalion.

_ SEWING MACHINES, Han -I £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsom, wF.lnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sankev-st,._Warrington.—Advt.

THE PA-DGATE- 'PAROCHIAL TRIP.

The annual trip -ori--ti;e-Fa-d—g-a-t-e---TTariEThloners was held on Monday, and they were joined by the mem- bers of the church choir. The place selected was Llangollen. Omnibuses left the village at 8.45 for Bank Quay Station, Warrington, where special car- riages had been attached to the train, to convey the party to its destination. The train left the station at 730, Llangollen being reached at about 930. There were several places of intereh around Llan- gollen, including Plas Newydd. Crow Castle, Bryn- tysilio, and near it are the Horse Shoe Falls and the Valle Crude Abbey. Needless to say most of these resorts were visited by the party, and the moun- tain walks:and the boating were thoroughly enjoyed. The dinner which was provided for the excursionists was keenly relished. The return journey was com- menced at 7.22 p.m., Bank Quay station being reached about ten o'clock. Omnibuses were in wait- ing to convey the party home. The weather was somewhat showery, but, nevertheless, the trippers thoroughly enjoyed themselves. itAwN ,10WRItS. •GaRLIND , Ironmonger. Warrington and Earlento”,n.

TRH SAD BURNING FATALITY AT WARRINGTON. Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest in the Parade-room of the Police Station on Mon- day afternoon, touching the death of Itlary Kelly, the one-year-old child of Elizabeth Sankey Bridges.—Elizabeth Kelly, mother of the deceased, ' said that shortly after eight o'clock on Friday morning she heard screams coming from the bedroom in which the deceased and another child had been sleeping. Going up- stairs she found the bed in flames, and the room full of smoke. She rescued the children, and after examination found the deceased was severely burnt about the head. She at once took her to the Infirmary. Questioned by the Coroner, witness re- plied that some matches had been left in a small drawer in the dressing table, but she could not ex- plain how the children had procured them.—Nurse Dobson, of the Warrington Infirmary. testified to reeeivinct the child into the institution at about 9-30 on Friday morning,when it was suffering from severe burns on the head and left arm and in conse- quence of which it died in the Infirmary at about half-past three on the afternoon of the same day.— The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death.'

===== 0002601_18950817_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY.

PRIMROSE LEAGUE TRIP.—The members of the Dares- bury Habitation of the Primrose League held their annual fke on Saturday. New Brighton being chosen as the destination Via the Ship Cansl the Manx Fairy steamer was charterod and about 250 members, hailing from Daresbury, Hatton, Moore, Walton, and Preston Brook, were conveyed he 'busel to join the boat at Stag Bridge, at Walton, and Bob's Bridge, Moore, leaving the latter about 9.30 a.m. New Brighton was reached a little after twelve o'clock, when the party dispersed, some to Liverpool, others to places of amusement elsewhere. At 5 30, the steamer was in readiness for the homeward sail, and with se little delay as possible Walton was reached about 9 p m.,whence a little later 'buses started to convey the party home. 411

Everybody wonders how the Potrion Pottery Come trlY Kanley, cam sell 100 pieces of eroolcery for one gotinea• '2lls). Get a post-card at onco, and send for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes ~• Ztc. Everybody pleasurably surprised. All for one guinea. Lf you wish to save money, write tothe PKARSON POTTEIII Co., Hanley, for partieulars.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18950817_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .

===== 0002601_18950817_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES oN GAMIiS AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

The match between Oldham and Warrington on Sat- urday was completely spoiled by the rain, and Warring- ton were thus unable to emphasise their forma- victory, or Oldham were unable to take their revenge whichever it might have been. All the Warrington team had their innings, but they were all dismissed with meagre figures with the exception of Podmore and Woods, who scored 19 and 22 respectively.

The Warrington team was a very weak one which journeyed to Oldham, for they were minus R. Smith, J.J. Crosfield, S. M. Crosfield, and Connor, and it would not therefore have been much of a surprise had the " Roughyeds " won. A total of 77 is not a very large one, and might easily have been passed. Warrington are becomming champion drawists, as they have had six games now which have not been brought to a conclusion.

To-day the W arringtonians meet Sefton, and should make a determined effort to reverse the verdict of the first meeting. The Seftonians were the first team which Warrington had to meet this season, and a miserable ex- hibition was made. It is to be hoped that the team will make a much bettor show to-day.

The averages this week have not undergone much change. The whole of the players who took part in the match last Saturday have lowered their average, with the exception of Podmore and E. Woods. H. Hind who has been at the top for about three weeks, has dropped third,as he only scored five on Saturday, while Crostield and Smith did not play, and, therefore, have the ad- vantage in this respect of Hind's failure. Bates and Clark stick close to each other yet, while Podmore and Callon have each completed their hundred runs. There are now eight who have accomplished this feat, but un- less some good score is made, it is not likely that this number will be added to within the next few weeks,the next highest being E. England with 64. Lieutenant Tupman has had very bad luck with the bat, and it will be noticed that his average is three for four innings. His twelve runs were made in one innings, so that the remaining three innings have resulted in the unpopular cypher. His luck will perhaps turn, but it will be too late soon.

The following is the table of averages up to Saturday last : times

innings not out runs average 33 Crosfield R. Smith H Hind Lieu. Plomer Bates Clark (A) W IL Podmore 9 1W Mortimer E England 8 3 Callon E Woods G Clarke W Wordsworth 6 11 Connor Lieu. Tupman.. 4

Like the senior match, the match between the second teams of Warrington and Oldham was brought to no settled termination owing to the rain. The War- rington team batted first, and some, very respectable scoring broueht the total to 143. Towards this Brown contributed 45, Hammon 38 not out, and Rushworth 21, while Mr. " Extras " obliged with 14. pad the rain kept off, a victory for Warrington was morally certain, for three of the visitors were out for 13. Warrington had however to rest content with a moral victory.

The C.L.C. Engineers defeated the Sankey Wire Mills on Saturday, and thus showed that they are in fine form. There is no doubt that they are a strong junior team and will take some beating. They have now in two succes- sive weeks vanquishes Sankey Wire Mills, and Sankey Weslevans, both on "foreign soil," and ought to be well sat;sfied with themselves. It is soma time since the Wire Mills have suffered defeat, and it was only on the previous week that they beat Irlam at Liam, a feat that had not been accomplished for two or three years. The Engineers second team were not so fortunate as the first, for the Sankey Wire Mills second proved too much for them, and equalised things a little, a result which, by the way, was obtained at the first meeting of the teams.

Orappenhall St. Wilfrid's appear to have recovered from the knocking about they received at the hands of Llandudno, and they polished off the non-commissioned officers of Orford in fine style on Saturday, for after the non-comms were dismissed for 57, the Saints put on 80 for the loss of only three wickets.

The fixt-ures in first-class cricket have again been seriously interferred with by the rain. At one time it appeared as though Surrey would again escape defeat by the aid of Jupiter Plavius, but the match came to a termination after all, very much to the satisfaction of orkshire. This is the second defeat Surrey has received this season, and as during the past ten years, the Tykes have, with the present, only beaten Surrey three times, Surrey have no right to grumble. Yorkshire have, how- ever, in the aggregate a tremendous majority of wins.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The football season will soon be here again, and it does not seem long since the close of last season. Asso- ciation football commences a fortnight on Monday, but the Rugh; people are not so greedy. and will delay until the third Saturday in Septenaber. Eight months in the year is surely long enough for anybody, but in Scotland the football season is now in full swihg,and has been for some weeks. They also continue until the end of May, so that they scarcely have time for a rest at all. gngland is much more sensible in this matter at any rate than the Scotch.

The coming season in England will be a very memor- able one. The Association code will be much as usual, and in the first division of the League, much curiosity will be experienced to see whether Bury will have as inglorious a career as Liverpool had last season. It was a little curious that Liverpool should Se the champions of the second league and go through the fixtures without a single defeat, and then be the bottom club of the first division. Bury will no doubt do their utmost not to follow this example.

In Rugby circles there will be much curiosity to see how things work under the complications which have arisen. The Yorkshire first League clubs are in a very peculiar position. They are now debarred from being in the cup ties unless they go through the preliminary stages, and they have no member on the Yorkshire Union committee, although they are subject to it. They will alb be excluded when the choice for a county team to represent Yorkshire has to be made. How the clubs will act,or whether they will keep tozether is a question which will be a very interesting one to see answered.

In Lancashire, the clubs of the first IPREUP have not gone to the length of their Yorkshire brethren, but still they have declined to take any further part in the league which is under the auspices of the Lancashire Union. Salford and Swinton have declined to go with the other nine, and by the fiat of the Union, the noble nine cannot take part in any competition. The newspap•rs of the county are, however,not under the con,rol of any Union of that kind, and there is not the shadow of a doubt but that the table will be kept as though the clubs formed a league. The action of the clubs is practically a protest against the way in which Manchester monopo- lises the management of the affairs of Lancashire Rugby football.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRON TRADE.

There was a somewhat limited attendance at the Birmingham iron market on Thursday, attributable to the holidays. Quite a business tone, however, pre- vailed, and transactions were rather above the average. Prices for all classes of iron were firm, and producers were reluctant to make the usual abatements. Forward delivery contracts could only be placed at slightly enhanced terms upon current rates. Ordinary Stafford- shire bars were fully maintained at the association minimum, and small lots could not he bought under £5 10s. delivered in the district. It is expected that at the meeting of the Unmarked Bar Association, which has been postponed till next week, the list will be advanced to £5 103. at works. Makers of specialties such as channel, tee, guide, and saeh iron, received a fair number of orders, and the leading makers commanded their own terms. Sash-iron was quoted £7 ss. to £9. according to quality, and channel iron Di to £O3 10s. Chain and cable bars were in better request in anticipation of the new orders to be distributed by the British Admiralty. Marked bars moved off rather more freely at steady rates, and sheets were in brisk request, at £6 17s. 6d. to £7 for doubles and £7 101. to £7 12s. (id. for fattens, an advance of half-a-crown a ton on latter quotations. The galvanizers continue busy no home and export arders, and a further advance in the association minimum is expected. Pig-iron was well supported, the demand having overtaken the supply ; hut , makers are not disposed to increase the output until' prices are more remunerative. As a rule makers have a good reserve of orders, some of them extending until the end of the year. Northamptonshire forge pig was quoted 394. to 40s. and Derbyshire is. extra, Staffordshire all- mine pig realizing 55.. to 603. according to quality, and Welsh best forge hematite 555. delivered in Staffordshire.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by minibus of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasan tto taste; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain. and t I ttle cherub awakes "a. bright Ai a button." Of al lhemists, Is. lio. per bottle.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOCKING FATALITY ON THE SHIP CANAL.

THE INQUEST. Mr. J. E. Woreley held the inquest on Friday after- noon at the Pickering Arms, Thelwall, touching the - death of the two men killed last week on the Ship Canal , at Thelwall. Superintendent Britton was present on • behalf of the police, and Mr. Arthur Newton, solicitor, • was present on behalf of the Canal Company. I John George Whitlow, Thelwall, farmer, said that I deceased, Edward Whitlow, was his brother and was 29 years of age. He was a labourer on the Canal. Witness was not present at the time ef the accident but saw him the night before, when he was in his usual health. Isabella Lambeth, wife of George Lambeth, 223, Mersey-view, LatclafOictsaid that John Parnell lodged at her house about six months ago. He was 53 years of age. He was a labourer on the Canal, but she had not seen him for about six months. She identified the body. Alfred Robbins, Thelwall, assistant engineer, said that a lock gate which had been injured by an accident some months had been floated from Latchford Locks, ago, and was in course of being drawn out of the water on to the land at Thelwall on Thursday, it being taken to the shed at Thelwall for repair. A slip way had been constructed and the gate was placed upon it under water. The gate was being hoisted out of the Canal by means of four sets of blocks and tackle, also by two derricks and four winches. The tackle was attached to the lock gate by means of four slings constructed of steel wire, with eyes on either end attached to the lower blocks. The wire of the slings was 4 3-8 inches circum- ference. About 3.30 p.m. the men were re-arranging . each separate set of tackle one at a time. They had changed number one set to a point which was necessary, round the gate making number one fast. They then proceeded to change number four leaving number one, two, and three fast. The gate was at the time almost out of the water, up the slip. The change was foe the purpose of getting a grip lower down. About half the gate was resting on land, the top portion on the balance , being raised up in the air. Number three sling suddenly broke without the slightest warning. It was of the same material as the other slings, but was a new one. When the sling broke it caused one end of the gateto slip towards the canal taking up the slack rope of number four which was still fastened on to the gate,but was slackened off the winch to allow it to be moved farther down. Two men (the deceased) who were bawling in the" slack " were tossed into the air when the rope tightened, and were killed instantly. He could not account for the rope breaking. Number two sling broke by the " Mewing " ef the gate. Witness was en the gate at the time of the accident every care was taken at the removal of the gate. One gate had been ha wled up the slip in the same manner that the gate in question was being hawled,with the same slings except the one that broke. But this sling was made from the same cuil of rope, and should therefore have stood the strain better than the others. By a Juryman : Other men about five or six were em- ployed near by. There was not as much strain upon the rope as there had been previously, as the gate was stationary and there was no friction to overcome. William Cooke, 26 John-street, labourer on the Canal, said that he was standing behind number 2 winch. He saw Whitlow thrown into the air and Parnell fall over by the tightening of the rope. He went to the two men, Whitlow was cut open near the heart and was quite dead. Parnell was injured in the head and neck. Witness thought that the man's neck was knocked out. —By a juryman : Everything was quiet at the time the accident occurred. The deceased were standing by the rope pulling it at the time of the accident, and seven or eight more men. Jacob Whitehouse, 13, Thelwall-lane, waterman, said that he was present at the time of the accident. He gave details similar to the witness Robbins. The rope at the time of the accident threw witness to the ground. Both men were dead when witness got to them. William Fox, mechanical engineer for the Ship Canal under Mr. Hunter, said that he was superintending the work in connection with the hoisting of the gate. He was present when the accident happened. The slings were made of best steel. They were made by the War- rington Wire Rope CompanyMhe wire had been tested, •he ascertained,and stood a test of 45 tons. The gate was about 120 to 128 tons,complete, but several portions were taken off. At the time of the accident he did not think half the weight of the gate was upon the alines. The other gate had been got up precisely the same way as that one,and the other gate hung up in the same position for about twelve hours. The weight on number three sling was in his opinion not equal to the brealring strain by several times. He could not suggest any better method of moving the gate,and it would still have to be moved in the same manner. He was unable to say how the rope broke. A portion of the rope was then brought in for inspection. Robert Chadwick, Bewsey-road, works manager for the Warrington Wire Rope Company, said that the Corn- panv were makers of the rope from which the slings were made. The break in the case was a clean break, but one or two wires were " chafed." The rope was 45 tons single, but being double it was about 80 tons strain. The rope was a good rope, and the wires composing it were tested. William Henry Hunter,M.l.C.E., engineer of the Man- chester Ship Canal Company, said that he was present when the accident occurred, Mr. Fox being in charge of the work under his supervision. He was on the gate a minute before the accident, and he could almost feel that the gate was on the balance. He thought the breakage was rather short, and that the steel was rather hard. Steel was a critical material and its composition affected its strength. He could actually arrive at no conclusion as to why the rope broke. The weight of the gate completely equipped was 130 tons. At the time of the accident it was partly dismantled and he estimated the weight to be 125 tons at the out- side. More than half the weight was taken off, and he did not think there was more than 50 tons weight upon the slings. Any one sling ought to have been able to carry the weight. There was also no jerk to cause the accident. Witness saw no sign of "punishment "upon the rope whatever, and the rope did not break at the point where it was liable to be strained, but at some distance from the gate.He did not think that any further inquiry would elucidate the matter. The only possible solu- tion was that there was some difference in the quality of the steel. The Company always got the very best steel, and in his opinion, they had allowed adequate margin for the strain which was to be put upon the ropes on the present occasion. Mr. Newton said that the Company had taken every precaution they possibly could, and the accident was one , which was unforeseen completely. The coroner said that they had heard the story of the accident from both workmen and officials, and they had also had a witness from the Wire Ropery. It had been , brought out that the arrangements for the getting out of the gates had been made in the most approved manner. The jury had had the best assistance they possibly could have as they had the evidence of Mr. Hunter whom, he was sure, they would all believe when he said that he I was as anxious as any of them to get te the bottom of that accident. He had given them all the information in his power which his great experience would enable I him to give. The only explanation which Mr. Hunter appeared able to give was that the steel rope might have I been harder in that particular part and therefore could not bear as much tension as the other part. There was, however, no accounting for it by any jerk, as Mr. Hunter was on the gate a minute before the accident occurred, he would have seen it had there been any. He (Mr. Worsley) did not think that any expert would be abla to give any further in- formation upon the matter, and he therefore thought that the verdict ought to be " Accidental death "from the breaking of the rope, but that there was not suffici- ent evidence to show the cause of the breaking of the rope. He thought that the Company had done all possible to prevent ony accident. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the coroner's instructions. and Mr. Hunter informed the coroner that the Company would pay the funeral ex penses of the two deceased men.

The gate which caused such a shocking accident cn the Ship Canal at Thelwall on Thursday evening was successfully pulled out of the Canal on Sunday after- noon. Since the accident the men had been engaged in repairing the tackle, and os Siturday evening every- thing was again ready for the final effort of drawing the gate completely on land. Rain put a stop to their work for that day, and it was found necessary to resume operations on Sunday mrning. The work was accom- plished shortly after two o'clock on Sunday, and the gate was safely secured. During the morning the scene was visited by many persons, who were curious to see the spot where the accident occurred. The three injured men—Michael Scully, John Gibson, and Peter Leigh— are fast recovering from the ill effects of the accident, and are expected to be ablest no very distant date to resume their work.—The body of George Parnell was interred at about four o'clock on Sunday afternoon in the burial ground adjoining the Church of All Saints, Thelwall. It has since transpired that Parnell was a widower,having four children—two sons and two daugh- ters—and at the time of his death was 58 years of age. The funeral ceremony was conducted by the Rev. G. W. Grundy, of the South American Missionary Society,there being many of the deceased man's fellow workers pre- sent, some of whom bore the coffin to the grave. On Monday afternoon the body of Edward Whitlow was in- terred in the Thelwall churchtard. Whitlow was only 29 years of age, and leaves two young children and a widow. The latter has been greatly affected by her husband's premature death, and is in a delicate state of health at present. The funeral ceremony was witnessed by a large number of relatives and friends of the de- ceased, the coffin being carried by several of the deceased's fellow-workmen. The service was conducted by th 3 Rev. T. Pym Williamson.

ALLCOCK'S CORN EXTRACTOR. A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful improve ment. This Plaster is the well-known Alleoek's Corn Plaster with a little dire added that in a few days extras ts the Corn, ind relief is felt as soon as applied; for all pressure of the bo,t is removed. Don't be put off with Rny other remedy, as none other will give the immediate somfort. Paten 70. and lslid., per box of all Itsmists, hold by :

U. YOUNG, Pharmaceutical Ch mist, Warringtem.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A MILLIONAIRE'S WILL.

Probate of the will has been granted and estate duty- has been paid oa £1.821.281 3. Bd. as the net value, the gross value being £1,824,483 Bs. 10d., of the personal estste of Mr. George Henry Strut; of Bridgehill, Belper, Derbyshire. who died on the 14th April last, aged sixty_. nine years,the eldest son of the late Mr. Zedekiah Strutt. Mr. Strutt's will bears date October 18th, 1894, and the sole executor thereof is his son, Mr. George Herbert Strutt,of Ma kering House, Derby, whose co-trustees are Mr. John Borough and Mr. John Hunter, to each of Whom the testator bequesths £5OO ; to his daughter Mrs. Lucy Frances Irwin, wife of Major Thomas Angelo Irwin, £lB,OOO ; to his grandson Georee Ashton Strutt, when twenty-one years of age, £20,000 ; to each other grandson on his attaining the age of twenty-one years,. £15,000; and t) each grand-daughter £lO,OOO. Mr. Strutt devises to his daughter Mrs. Irw n abso- lutely the Field Head House property, and he bequeaths upon trusts £140,000, to pay 'he 13come thereof to Mrs. Irwin during her life, and subject to her life interest, to hold the trusts fund in trust f r her children, or in default of issue as she may app in. Tes- tator bequeaths to his wife, Mrs. Agnes Ann Strutt, daughter of Mr. E. Ashton, of Prescot, Lancashire, £3,000 his furniture and household effects, horses and carriages, his volumes of Turner's sketches, volumes of Corboulks sketches, a picture of Christ at Emmaus, by Cope, and a life annuity of £7,003. Mrs. Strutt is to have the use and enjoyment of Bridgehill during her life and the advowson of Bridgehill is left to her al solutely. All the residue of his proprrty, real and personal, alr. Strutt devised and bequeathed to his son Mr. George Herbert Strutt absolutely, but in the event of his death in the testator's lifetime the estate was to be in trust for his son who should first attain the age of 21 years, but subject to the setting apart of portions of £50,000 for each other child of Mr. George Herbert Strutt. Each person entitled in that event to the settled estate was to assume, ;f not already bearing, the name and arms of Strutt. The trustees are authorised to invest upon the security of landed estate in England, but not elsewhere, and upon certain bonds and debentures, but not upon these of mining, banking, insurance, or finance com- panies.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
_ SHIP CANAL.

PREFERENTIAL RATES ON THE CANAL. In the Court of the Railway and Canal Commission.. on Saturday, the case of the Ship Canal v. The Shrop- shire Union Railway, &c., Company, was again before , the court on a summons by the Ship Canal asking for an order of the court that paragraph three in answer to the Shropshire Company should be struck out, on the ground of its being embarassing and irrelevant to any issue in the action. Mr. Baifour Browne, on behalf of the Canal Company, said his lordship was aware of the ' facts which related to the through rates from Eastham to certain mills in Staffordshire. Paragraph three was in reference to the route, and was to the effect that if a through rate was granted from Ellesmere Port to the Cobden Flour Mills. Company at Wrexham ought not to be by the route proposed, but by the route hitherto adopted for similar traffic to the same destination from the quays at Ellesmere Port to the station, and by the lines of the Shropshire Union to Chester, and by the London and North-Western and Great Western joint lines to its destination. Counsel said the objection of the Ship Canal Company was that it was the first time the railway had ever mentioned a route. A through rate could be proposed by any forwarding company, and in the meantime, the Canal Company said they were a for- warding company. Mr. Bal'our Browne proceeded to contend that the railway company had objected without giving the grounds of the objection, The Ship Canal Company treated the only serious objection to be the. legal one which they came into court on the previous day to argue. Mr. C. A. Russell, on behalf of the Shropshire Union Railway Company, contended that the paragraph could not be said to be irrelevant, as it dealt with matters which the court must give an opinion upon. Mr. Balfour Browne having replied on the whole case,

Mr. Justice Collins, in giving judgment, said this ap- plication raised a point of some difficulty. He went a lone way with the arguments of Mr. Balfour Browne that the Act contemplated, on an application by persins interested for a through rate, those persons being for- warding companies, that they should say whether they agreed to do so or not. If they did not agree, they should give notice of their objection, and the grounds of their objection. But Mr. Russell's points were squally of importance, and, though thizaking it was to be depre- cated that the paragraph was put in the answers in this way, it should not be struck out. The court ruled that the application should be dismissed without costs. THE STANLEY FORCE COLLISION.—JUDGMENT. In the Admiralty Court,London,mi Fridav,Mr. Justice Barnes, who was assisted by Trinity Masters, delivered his judgment in the action for damages brought by the owners of the Liverpool screw-steamer Stanley Force against the Manchester Ship Canal Company, whose twin-screw hopper Beta came into collision with the plaintiff's steamship on July 5, in the Eastham channel of the Mersey, with the result that the Stanley Force sank almost immediately,and her captain and four of her crew lost their lives. The Stanley Force was on a voy- age from Weston Point to PetPrkeed with a cargo of salt and the Beta was returning to the canal after discharg- ing her dredglngs at sea.—Sir Walter Phillimore and Mr. Butler Aspinall appeared for the plaintiffs,and Mr. Pyke, Q.C., and Mr. Hope for the defendants. In the course, of his judgment his Lordship said the points made by the defenoants against the Stanley Force had not been es- tablished. The Stanley Force kept to her proper side of the channel, and although placed at a disadvantage in not having her master and mate, who were on the bridge at the time of the collision, to give evidence, the pilot had given his evidence fairly and honestly, and the con- clusion which he (the judge) had come to was that he acted properly in every respect. The Beta was solely in fault for not passing the Stanley Force portto port, for not stopping and reversing sooner than she did. On her own evidence she only stopped and reversed at the last moment. On these ernunda the Beta must be held alone. to blame. Judgment accordinely for the plaintiffs with costs, the damages to be assessed in the Registry in the usual way.

On Tuesday morning, Robert /lase!tine Fludson Wit& executed at, York Castle for the murder of his wife and child, whose bodies were found buried in Helmsley' Moor, Yorkshire.

• The petition against the return of Colonel Forster (Conservative) for the Lancaster division has been, lodged. Bribing and other illegal practices are alleged. According to a private telegraphic despatch received'. at Berlin, seventy arreQts were made on Monday night' at a restaurant in Odessa, and a large quantity of' Nihilist literature seized. At the earns time a number nf arrests were made at villas in the suburbs. The keeper of the restaurant committed suicide.

EPPS a COCOAINE. —COCOA-Nib Extract (Tea-like). —The ch oicest roasted nibs (broken up beans) of the natural Cocoa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely flavoured powder " Comaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water. has he consistence of tea, of which it is no w beneficially taking the place with many. its active principle- being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needsd energy without unduiv exciting the system. Sold only in packets and tins. by Grocers, labelled" James Epp aria Co., Ltd, Homceopathic Chomists, London." To be obtained in Warr- ingt on of W. fiamfori ; Rich trd ;on & Sons ; Bowdon & Sons N. B. Per ival ; T. W. Woods and others in every district.— Advt.

"A SMALL SPOONFUL of BROOK% BONDS' TICA is stranger and be'ter than a big spoonful of other tea." That's a fact that countless thousands of good judges have found out for themselves. And if you also try the same Com- parison, you, to, will be Burr rised and ,elighted at the superb excellence of Our Test. Yes, its to stromr. ani co celebrated for always giving a goo I " second - cup," that the briny nous -wives of the North de-hire that a fourpennr quarter-pound packet of BROACH. BONDS' will go farther thin a sixpenny packet of other ta. Just think of the sawing and satisfactl n that means to you and yours in a year. And it's no troutile to get Our Tea for we have

===== 0002601_18950817_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS EVERYWHERE

and they sell it &tinily done up in lemontint-d- -paper packets. hearing our signsture and celebrated trade-mark of the double-tr.angle, and all sealcd at our Headquarters. At

1/-1/2,1/4, 1/8, 27-2/4 k 2/8 A LB-

- the prices suit everybody's purse.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA wAILEHOUSF S 17. piceimizy, 29. MARKET STREET IMANCRI3B"R

73rait1avaite's Retrospect of Medicine says ,—" Cadbury's Coco( is an invaluable addition to our dietetic resource In the treatment of all digestive disorders."—Advt.

"The most marrellons soap of the age for Laundry, Bath. Toile. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-in none washes wit hoot rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cure m Ithenmatisin. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Agents In Warringon4 NB. PIIRCIVAL and Co. Sole Maser, F. L. BAST ELI,. Keynsbam, Bristo'."

4E72›.- OCKATOO A AP,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Opinintr " Oates.

PHSPAID ADVERTIBI6IIIINTS. .• toming under the tollce, irg heads stre inserted In ALL th aboye-mentioned Papers for ON'S CHANGE, ak Per stale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APinzatiorre TO BE LET. SITIIATIONs VACANT, PARTNER...IEIPS WAS ...ED, AFARTMENTBWANTED, MONEY WANTED, PECUFIC ARTICLES FOB SALE RI PRIVATE CONTRACT. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three slz Words W eek • Weeks. Weeks. 18 . ........ . ..... Os 61 ... Is Sd ... is Od 27 ............. - Cs 9d ... Is 10d ... as Od 36 ............... Is Od ... 2s 6d ... 4e Od 45 ............... Is 3.1 ... 3s Id ... 5s Od 54 ................14 6d ... 3e 8d ... 64 Od the above charges ae tor PREFATMENT only. No Adver- .Seernent it, speed en credit under 2a. per Insertion. -----------

liottlo, /Ipbros, 33oatbing Ootab—o. I)LACKPOOL.—Creseent BOARDING HOUSE, 19 and 20, 1) Lansdowne Crtseent, Claremont Park.

BOWNESS, WINDERMERE, Altrrt Hotel. P.rties catered for. Mod. rate charges. Tariff on application. Near the lake—lL. autwicx, Proprietor.

RAMSBY, MLR OP MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BOARD I G ESTABLISH MUNT. facing sea; near pier; tennis courts, golf, Ace. Table d' Note 7. Tariff.

QPLENDID Double Barrelled Payments taken. L J GUN, finest twist barrels, pistol r.! grip. A rare bargain for

===== 0002601_18950817_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
13ouipAtt RitrbantfS, Su.

WANTED. MAN accustomed t) Farm work ;to live in the house.—Apply POND Housv,

IRVANT.—Wanted a good General fo V r smali ; A. 7 must be able tci wasb.—Apply 130, Simatisovos, Liverpool.

ANTED. strong aetzve Girl. about 18, as General VV SRUVANT in a small tamily.—Apply 32, BA.SBY MOUNT, Bradford.

WA.NTED. rod GENERAL, able WVain cook, wash. and iron, nurse kept.—Address MSS. BARLow, 8, New-road. Atherton. near Manchester.

(IBIS[KRAL (,teady, experienced), or entire work ; small NJ- country house ; lady and little girI.—MNIGHT. 13. Marine Crescent, DegaziwY, Llandudno

‘VANTRD, in Clergyman's family (two only), HOUSE- MAID with two years 'reference. ; would have to he:p in Washin; also Cooks and Cienerals.—REGtsTalt, 37, °me- at.. Oldham.

WANTED, A YOUNG' WOMAN for B'ackburn. to assist with Housework. Good wages, good Homr.—Apply stAtlng particulars WILLIAM PECICUP. Chemist, Bank-Top, Blaekburr . t look.t Farmhouse,- NV"agtav,asTalvnedWmirANo milk. No objection to widow with child. Good home, good wages.—Apply Fiiii.i.ree, 77, Mostyn-st., Llandudno. . ----- --- MALE and FFMALE 14117RSRS TX,TITTITION, 7g, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Establ shed 1878.—For reliable A• tendants Ernie!, Medical 1, nd Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr ph.—" I. urses," Liverpool. l'elephone 570.

to It Let.

COTTAGES, 2s, 84. per week.

gION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town.

Ti

Apply, ROBERT Lows. Matate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—So. 55.

A---------1101:1SB TO LBT, fiverpool-road.— Apply 1, liuriviss- narri, off Liv erpool-road„ arrington.

_ 111110BNICBTH.—Good trousig to bs sold, with gardens, 1 greenhouse. stable.—Apply, Pox 25 Examiner (Ake. _ _ LICT.—Good WOURSHOP. Orford-et.—Apply Aswro 1. and WOODS. Solicitors, liorsemarket-st.. Warrington. _ rru LET.—Gcod litAT-SB-.-37, Hopwood-street, 3 hedeoorns Apply ASHTON and WOCDS, solicitor, liorsemarket-st. Warrington

t HOUSE to BE LET. Leigh Villas. lEnntsford-coad Orappenhall. ti,or bedmoms. rent £l7.—dppl7 JAMES B. ALDRED. Leigh Villas, Grat 1. LWOR If-MOUNT 10 BE LID , opposite the Hallway 14 Station. Sandbach, two entertaining rooms, four bed- rooms. kitchen, &J.—Apply Mrs. TATNALL, East Eiwori h. 11011314 TO LET. 128. Wilderapool-road, Warrington. 4 be 'rooms, drawing-room. dining-room,. kitchen. scullery, do.. rent £l6. Immediate possession.—Apply at 212. Wilderepool-road. TO BE LET. one of the Best MILK HOU3EB in Everton, with 15 cows, two horses and Boat, good condition, and all utensils belonging to the trade will be let cheao, if taken at once.— apply on the premises, 6, WRER-STRERT, Everton- road. Liverpool.

pc+xkluill

Q.TOCKToN BEAM—Houses composed of tour bedrooms. I) two sitting rooms, bath-room, w.c., kitchen, c -liars, etc. Pent £l9 10s. Also good bays at 6s. per week.—BosToCK. Wilderspool, Warrington. TIOUSB.—To be Let,'. Primrose Hill," Burtonwood. con- taining two t-ntertaining-rooms, four bedromss, kitchen, birder, outside washhouse. stable and large garden ; rent EA per year,---Apply to Mr. W. FAIRCLOI. GAL Brook Farm, Buttonwood, Warrington, or to Mr. T. LATIMER, Commission Agent 69. Cross Laos, BariPOOWn.

MISS PLIMMIGI, Bydal House. 18, Great Marton-roads Blackpool. near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
q.EianteD.

_ GOOD HARNINI-B AT 110M14, bi the Harrison Knitting Machines —4B. UPPES BROOK-STILY.LT, Manchester.

ist WAN'I BO to push first clsss Machinery Oils. Mena Commisshm.—Box 31, Posit LH! ce. Liverpool. _

WANTFID, a good StioPing and Jobbing Smith also an lmprover.—Ggoims Mom. Cbellord smithy, Cbel-

ford.

NATANT K 0 Hu US B RENT S,and ACCOUNTS ro Coll& t.— J. VVADBWOICEE, Estate Agent, 119 Mersey-street, Warrington.

Gh OCHRE' ALMANP_CKS, 1E96 —Active MAN AGENT may h•tve g^oo commis lan throughout Lancashire.— App'.3, JAMES i)ILK9 & C•., NOttinialarn„

'l'o PAItk4NTS.—V. terinary Surgeon with large mi. ed 1. practice wit a a well &tatted PUPIL. small premium rcoaired.—Add.eia. V.S. " Eiamlner" Office. Warrington.

()SACO •Nl,-T4 commencing. awd, (259 paws) I 3d.—Toos.ccoislSTS' Co.. 186, Ruston-rot d Loi‘don Shoo-fitters f ra .1 trsdes.- :Vganager, E. MY FRS, Kist. 1866;

LIANITA:,Y InteCtor. -Puoill Prepare.t for EXAM., Decernhor. NiatichetLer ; increasing vacancies.—A. LEONARD, 5. All Saints-St., B iton.

- fIIGARS and CIGANN.TIFS.—A gent WANTED la every kj dist,iet to int roclce newly-imported goods. Samples post fres on receipt et 2s.—RAYMOND and Co., 16a, High street. WavertAee.

AGENTS WAIST Iry a Popular Friendly Society thr,.ughont Lancasl ire ; sue e..nul men appointed District Managers at • srly dates —Address in confidence, MANAGER, en,. of YIELDING. 168 Frog-hme, Wigan. I `IIVIL and 'Wenn al linpineering.—Vacairy for Pupil in NJ the ()Moe of the Br gineer an 1 Survector to the Bar- month Distrn t ; sewer Age waterworks. &c. ; Von tor proles:lonel examitiNtions. Address Mr. T. BLACK- BURN, ei,ll engineer. Barn outh. North Wales. NAMING'S IOWDB R.

Vf .

DOCULAS. MRS. CHALM ',RS an 1 Mrs. LIN,..ARD, York ROUSH, CaAle Drive facing Castle Mona Hotel. Soleil id Sea View. Trams peas the door every few minutes. Private bitting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
"KBATING'S POWDSR.

4 Tr _MEANING'S POWDRII7

99 44 Tr" IX.RATING'S P0W1711..

This Powder. so celebratel, Is known as being perfectly unrivalled inde troving BUGS PLI4AS. MOTHS, ai d all Insects (while perf.ctiv harmless to all ani al lite). All woolens and finis atiould be well sprinkled with the powder before placing 'MILS'. 10 -void disappointment insist upon having " Keatlng's Powder." IL is sold only in tins, and very tin has my signature "Thomas, Keatinq "on the libel. See thia to prevent beinz defrauded. 1 L L. LANGER TI SS. 3d. 6d. is. LARGER TINS. 3d. (id. ls. LARGER rr

ARGFR

INS.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
libt:Ototk, &c.

SORE BOULDER', SORE BACKS, &c.. quickly CURB BYCONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary i'enk free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. Horses suffering from wounds, cots. bruises, broken knees. ,racked heels, grenee o, thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the arte affected with Condv's Fluid d iinted). P makes the hair grow where rub' s off. Prices, OZ. Is. 20 oa . 21. of all Chemists. VBTHRINARY POCK tree containing full directions for curing disefieee pf Horses, Dogs, de. from CONDY'e FLUID W0R1C4.61. Turnmili-street. Loneion.l4 C.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
.

O REVOLUTION IN HI 35/_ ATCH TRADE. T. B. 'CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 1, HALH-STRENr, LIVIIRPOOL. Offers ta the Pubi.e and espee:ally to Illec.hasiom, a thorough English SILVER LEVER 'WATCH, renal, e in worke and no; ,rate in tin.e, al* cost of 35g. Many persons will be surprised theta genuine Erglirh L ver an be made tor the oriee, but I.R. CAE ink R;.l. has succeeded In -producirse as Raill:els Lever, 35s The 355. k•NOLLSII WATCH. Jewelled in Sevea ACtions, guaranteed fee Five yes,rs can be had at

CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to neutral Polio, Station. gelliztarked 18-oarat Gold Ingliels Beylees Levoc Aligebee, kat S 7 la.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Zpartmatto, jurnisbeb *lottOtO, Szt.

OYLAKE.—To be Let, furnished or Apartments ; near 4 I shore and station (September or longer).—Apply CAMBRIAN VIEW. Prassia-n ad.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
F URNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, after 10th August ; parlour, one or two bedrooms; moderato tenno.—Apply 15. kOSEMARY-LANE. Beaumaris,

QUARBOROUGH.—WeII FURNISHED HOUSE TO LIST for one moth or six weeks, every convenience ; quiet and central.—Apply 89, WESTBORO..

===== 0002601_18950817_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MACK ENZI E'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATR 013STRUCT1CNS and IRREGULARITIES in 19. hours. HARMLESS. Nothing C. n resist, It. FAlure is imi ossible. Se..(l stamped mtvelore for PARTICULARS. TH,TI MONIALS, and ADVICE. ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever failed—even In the most longstanding. Intriette, and lingering cases. Poet free, under cover, with written gunrentee of cure Ets. (five shillings).--Mrs. W. 114 MACKENZIE. Trafford House, 83. Dowes-road, Fulham, WIWI; SCRUM raPer•

===== 0002601_18950817_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
qlO be disposed of an Old Established LOAN BUSINES,. _L - Apply Taw( As LATIMER, 29. Kendrick-st., War- rington.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
VlSH.—Send P.O. 2s 6d., 35., 36 6 or 51. for Bass Fish cleaned, carriage paid.— Jrlo. ROBINSON, JUN/03, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
9 Close= Est ate.—Five HOUSES. off Gre4t Homer-street all well let. Gross rental f-39 ; freehold (no chiefs) , price £lBO.-3. COOPER, 96. Sobo-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF BALLS re-made and guaranteed. Returned 2s. per Unbrealtableglubs, the cheapest and best in the trade. Hole cutters, tins, Nags, .to.—WAuGorr, Busse'burgh.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
lAN SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwie4-street, Liverpool

===== 0002601_18950817_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
'OR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Francea-te rrace, Lovely-lane, War 1. tlngton. In goal repair. low grourld rent—Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Ultion-se., WarrilligrOrt.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
• IAIOX(N'S NURSERY 800 (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, end PARAS in the HUMAN HAIR.) oF CHEMISTS end the PROPRIETOR. J. L. MOXON, '452, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. And Is. per box. Post Free 7i and Is. Please mention this paper. Comprises all Sonps in one. for LAUNDRY, BATH,TOILEr FLOATS, disinfects rapidly, non-injurions Washes with out rubbing or labour, Cures Rheumatism, Refreshes thr skin Wholesale Agents in Warrington, N. E. PERCIVAL & Ca Bole Maker, F. L. BiIIiTHLT, Keynshana, Bristel.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ExANTINEE. sATURDAY AUGUST 17, 1895.

FURNISU AT WORSLEY'S, "THE PANIMEON. GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. F URNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS. FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED.

ESULT OF THE GENERAL ELECTION. The suecess ill/ of Lord Salisbury or the return to power of Lord Roses bury, let us hove, will cause a revival in trade. A strong Government with a working majority should reform abuses in trade, which requir. a strong remedy. We would recom- mend that extortionate rates of interest by money-lendsrs should be made illegal. Worsley's, of " The Pantheon," Gaythorn. Manchester, have proved oonclusively that a large , trade may be successfully carried on by means of Deferred Payments, that c -edit may be given to respectable buyers 1 wishing to Furnish without charging a penny above the cash I price charged for the goods. As the Pioneers of the high- class Secorvi-hand Furnishing Trade, they are able to supply I thornighly good. sound, sectioned Second-hand Furniture 'at halt the price of new. and gave credit in addition, thereby saving from 50 to 100 per cent, as contrasted withthe Hire System. WOHSLEY'S advertise lists of bargains ea^h week, any of 1 which may be had on deferred p tyments wittasut a penny 'extra above the advertised cash price. and in addition haste a stock unrivalled in linglanel of good Second-hand Furniture at "The Pantheon,' a large and palatial warehouse in Gaythorn. where anyone and everyone is invited to inspect. If you wish to furnish on Deferred Payments write to Worsley's for a list of furniture about the price you wish to go to, and contrast it with the list you get elsewhere, then visit Worsley's. see for yourself the enormous 00.*.erence in the value and quality. Worsley's can hoaestly give double the ' value over any competitor in the trade.

THE (*MUTEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. • _

COMPLETE ROUSE.' OF FURNITURE.

Lot 1. t•plendid House of ,Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more tor the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in bas relief •, has comfortable couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chants, a heavy dining table to match. extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs im patent castors; a handsome Ftr fan bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Nottingtam lace Curtains ; and las , whist' is thrown in gratis, and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an advertisement, a handsome Arneriui si walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style, to mach the dining-room suite. The Bedroom cuite is solid Cyprus wood and is suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in &ARC establishments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and ettarr oiled bedstead. with Complete littiogs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories fir bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware. &e. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, &simian, and't op bar, floorcloth for kitchen, lamling. and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 21k guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferred payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverise& all competition ; if you approve buy, if you don't there Is no harm done.—WORSLI3I S.

Lot 2. A Splendid }Lime of Furniture for £4O, solid oak and walnut, heavy massive furniture throughout, in capital condition, worth £BO, dining-room, two bedrooms, kitchen. ball stairs, and landing ; a great bargain. Lot 3. A Workingman' House of Furniture for £l5 ; a splendid bargain. There is better stronger, and more furni- ture in this lot than Many competitors offer for £3O. Lot 4. The best House of Furniture for £63 ever offered. Same quantity as Lot. 2, but higher class, except that we are prepared, as an advertisement, to present a pianoforte with this lot or its value. This offer holds good for 14 days only. Lot 5. And last, but not least, we have a magnificent House of Furniture, depasited by the executors of a deceased gentleman. of Alderley, with us for immediate disposal. Price for the lot, £2OO. Contains superb furniture for draw- ing, dining. sitting, and three bedro,ms ; kitchen, hall, stairs, landing; besides sundries ; honestly worth 25C0. Full end comple:e particulars on application.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURE LoT 113. A remarkably handsome carved oak Dining. room Suite, in morocco, hair stuffed, bold, massive, and haadsome ; couch, two e.asys. six chairs, six feet sideboard. eight-feet dining fable, fine bold overmantle. coal catelnet, the lot ,complete for £45; worth £2OO. —WO itSLEY'S. Lox 212, A capital solid A merican Walnut Dining-room Suite, in best English Moroo.-o, hair staffed througout, the framework is it avy, magnificently oared in bee relief, consists of broad oomfortab e couch, pair of luxuriously up- holstered easy chairs, a set of six high-padded back standard single chairs, all upholstered in a rich wine-coloured Turkey grain Morocco, beautifully banded and studded, cost £7o; price £l5 155.. guarant9d for 10 years. The sideboard is of Nob e proportions, of modem design, well equipped with every mo lern convenience, early English design, fitted with broad deeply-cut heYelled edge mirrows of gteat lustre and brilliancy, cost £B5: for 16 guineas. A. massive handsome Din ng Table, £3 10s.. cost £l2 109., and Overmantle, which matches tbe sideboard, for £5 10s.. worth £25. All the above ' in splendid condition.—WOßSLEY'S. LOT 251. A heavy handsomr-ly-carved Dining Boom Suite in Oriental saddle bags, a lull suite of nice pieces, together whh magnificent couch and easy chairs ; honestly worth £45, for 104 pulneas.—WORSLEY'S. LOT 261. Excellent Spanish Mahogany end Metro :co Dining Room Suite, nine pieces compete; cost 2.53. for 8 guineas._.—WOßSLEY'S.

Ov.-r 203 Dining-room Suites on view, from £2 to £500; over 200 Sideboards, from 355. to I% guineas ; over 300 Dining Tables, from 15s. to £2O; over 430 Uvrmtnties, cli shapes, stv les, and size., from 81. 6d. to .£3O.—WORSLEYSs Inspection invited.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROO3l FURNI- TUBB. Lot. 517. A pretty Drawing-room Suite, Cbippendale. 01 unique design, being xqultitely carved and inlai I. homing a charming recherche suite, coycred in delicate silk tapes- try. emsista of suite, cabinet, ovErmantel, coil cabinet, and three occesional tables. The lot for £45, or will be sold teparate. A great barg till ; we'l wort' £lOO. lot 521. Handsome Drawing-room Suite, carved, llmp're style splendid settee, two easys and six oc-asional chairs, in art shade of Gen, a yelve-, cost 2.60, or £l5 15s. Cabin tto match Suite, cost £4O, for £l7 10s. Lot 526. Very exeollent Drawing-room Suite. cost £2O, for £3 15s.

Over 500 Drawing-room Suites and Cabinets on Show.

GREAT BARGAINS IN BEDROOM SUITES,

L0t769. High-class Second-hand SwimOm Suite.by Henry Ogden and sons, Sosnish M.ihogany, consisting. of 7tt, Spanish mahogany wardrobe, rich at comm., modern littinbs worth 275, for £3O. Pair of the handsomest stands to match In Manchester; dresskg table 6ft., washstand 4fl. 6M. fix 181 guineas, worth £45,

Lot 791, A gnsud l'e.iroom Suite by Todd, in American walnut richly and profusely carved in has relief ; a suite greatly admired. Wardrobe is a masts.rpi ce of design and workmanship beautifully finished Inside with mod, rn con- veniences. Dressing labels mounted with large swing bevel- led mirror and jewel drawers. Washstand fitted with Carrara marble slab and back, three chairs, towel tail, and table de suit complete, a Teri, dharmufg and effective suite ; pries only 18 guineas ; Worth treble.—W 0 EISLBY'S. Lot 782. A similar Saite to Lot 791, same number of pieces for 10 gu news ; cost £35. WORSLHY'S. A wonderful bar- gain. La 793. A genuine Sheraton Bedroom Suite, 6ft. 81n.,eost £260, for £69 16s. ; a real gem, worth seeing, first come, first served.—WOßSLE Y'S, Lae, 8-3, Magnificent Second-hand Pollard .Oak Bedroom Suite. Thi. handsomest Suite in Manchester. Pine massive wardrobe, the panels bsantifuty decorated in richly-114nred wood, splendid crystal mirrors, dresing-tab:e and washstand to match, very unique design ; three chili.' towel rill. and table de unit • very costly ; worth 100 guineas far £35; Wardrobe wort £.50 alone. Lot 691. American Ash Be iroom Suite, cost £75, by Hud- son, £22. filmi ler to lot 863. L0t897. Spanish Mehoisny Wardrobe, brea'.. front projct- Ing door. wttt full length crystal bevelled mirror, wings lined, bonnet drawers, four trays, thee long drawers In centre, two Luce hanging compartments in the wings,very handsome. for El 6 IS.. ; worth £5O.

PIANOFORTES FOR SALE, 0 SPLENDID INSTRUMENT:4. _

11A.1:V MUSIC-SELL PRICKS.; WORSLNY'S. GAY .HORNE, AN CHM 'TSB.

Lot I. Magnificent Collard and Colhrd Updght Grand PIANOP dtT , £l5; colt R 55. Splendid condition. Lot 2. Very powerful tone PIANOFORTB. equal to new, by Ballingal. £6 10s. 004 £35. Lot 3. if didsome Burr Walnut PIANO, by Nutting and Addison, for £8 ; cost £4B.—WORSLBra. Lot 4. A great bargain iu a Broadwood PIANO, £18; worth £5O Lot 5. Magnificent powerful tone Upright Grand PIANO- FORTH, by Bedding and Spangenborg, £3O : north 90gs. Lot 6. Almost new Neunilyeer Nut. CO ITAGII GRAND, £2B. Agreat tewgain. Lot 7. Erard COITAGE, £35 ; cost £lOO.- WORSLEY'I

ALLHFURNITURif of fumed oak. consists of a very handsome hall Cana. fittPd with hat and overcoat hooks of repousse brass. also large bevelled mirror in centre, with square framed umbrella and stick holders, also two hall chairs to match; the set complete £6 10a , woith OBBLRY'S. Gay thorn,

MAGNIFICENT Solid Oak Cylinder DIE.-K. cost £3O, for £l2. American Desk. cost £2O, for £9; 81S0 "h Bureau, £B. Mahogany Bookcase, 7t., £lO, cost 250. Mitner's Safe, cost £2O, for £6. Thousands of Miscellaneous Pargains at WOESLE .'d.

MISCELLANEOUS BARGAINS.

Cot 821. A solid mahogany Conch, in hair. cost £4, for 15a.

Lot 834. Solid Mahogany Bally Chsir, in hair, for 15s. cost £3.

lo 841. A line solid mahogany Sots, in hair. for 30s. Lot 854. A splendid mahogany Dresser, with plate-glasta sideboard bark, beautifully designed, with shape bPreihd Hates, the httndsomest in Laneathire, worth LkE, tat £lllos.

Lot 854, A fine Mahogany Dresser, similar to lot 853, for £8 105.,• another £8 15s. Lt 921. d splendid painted Orme-, all enclosed, seven drawns and cupboard a“d solid 2-ineh tap, for £1 12. Lor, 935. A splendh polished Mahogany Dresser, with carved back, for Z 3 10a.

Any -of—t-h-e-Wbove on deferred payments.

W 9 . WORSLEY, • • DIE PANTHEON, GATTOORN, MANCHESTER. (Close to Central Station.) Open Every Day. 9to 7.

Strptitch agoinexitos earrtasech z;rt FOR -eALE,— or Exchange tor Light—Landnu. WAG GONBITH, in good condition movable top; also VICTORIA.—AppIy H STROTH.II,

lIICVLES ! EI:CYCLES! j. WADDINGTON, THE WEI L-RNOWN WARRINGTON RIDBM, SOLE AGENT ?OR THIS PO WITT, BRADBURY. BOTH- WELL. NEW HUDsoN, WELLINGTON. AND INIPERI‘L MACHINES. 'Unecinalled for Material. Design. Workmanship, and Finish, at POPULAR PRICES. Repairs, Oaring and enamelling. Waddington and Robertnon's patent famous MUD GUARDS. WADDINGTON CYCLING DEPOT, 26, ST. JAMES-ST., lENUTSFoItD-RD. Gust ovor the Bridge). WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18950817_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
OtatUantous.

J. BANKS. (Late with J. and W. lluttnni• GENTS' DOWER, CUTFITTER AND UMBRELLA

MAKER. 57, HaItSICMARRE P-STREET. SCOTLAND-ROD, WARRINGTON. UNEURRLLAR RECOVEURD AND REPAIRED.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WOOLS, WORSTEDS ..__

ANI)

KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM • OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, limo, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, THE WORSTED IILLS, GREENOCK, assim Have Opened a Branch of the WOOL & AT HOSIERY STO

37, _B RIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town In Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE' Over 70 Branches In the Principal Scotch and EngE _ eh Town,.

DR • . SCOTT'S PILLS, uffer prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, or ' SPASMS, NE,tVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, I-488 APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE oave nO Mob. being mild in their operation and grateful to the etlons. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different seere_s causing the necessary organs of the btomach and Liv.o'ting resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, Pr°r° digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, _ to• • should be kept at hand by all Heads of househo'ds, to oder ' to on any slight occasion of ai th ling on e Part of those is thtir charge as by paying attention to the regular actlear , the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illne avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green age' pg, ckser bearing the name of the pmptletor, VV. LA3IBERT. , mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamPe•

NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS AND COB - DENTS. All letters to the Editor and contributions of Del Should be written on one side of the paper only. -„ The name and address of correspondents must 1-ag cases be given, not necessarily for publication but guarantee of good faith. t *** We do not hold ourselves responsible opinions expressed in letters to the Editor, whic' understood to embody only tha views of the writ'

_ ;RESPON'

3 ..r` ,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AM I NEIL

SATURDAY, Auausr 17, 1895,

Complications THE country was promised in China. revival of trade if the. were returned t o power, but i' stead of that it is being treated to a renewal foreign embarrassments. The news which be en received from China for a week or two been of a most serious charactsr. English and women and children have been cruelly °' tiered by a fanatical mob of Chinamen, and, keig: ing from the latest news, it may need the proellw, eat and most effective action on the part el- British forces in Chinese waters to prevent further outrages of a similar character. There are re sons for fearing that the outbreaks of which formation has already been received illaY be but; the opening incidents of a widespread and fuer"n or less organised campaign against the Europe missionaries and Christian converts. It has been predicted by those who are well acquainted with the feelings and the methods of the Chinese thq the foreigners in China would, after the results of .the war with Jap an known, be troubled zw ithbecaannie kf goeulithertaelal of native fanaticism. 11 T -ea" predictions have been verified in a terrible fashion. The Chinese are smarting under the sting of a hurniliat- ing defeat at the hands of a foe they affeetecif hold in contempt, and in their blind and criminating rage they lump together all who ;ars- not natives of their own country as devils" and enemies. In addition to this exaslle,". tion of defeat, there is the hostility to the tians as Christians which appears to be felt by great mass of Chinese both of the upper an' and lower classes, and perhaps even mon) by the upper than by the lower, and this hostilitY la easily fanned into a baleful activity. It is, there" fore, easy to understand that at the present One, • the Europeans who are living in the interior China, or indeed in any part of the country whicis can not be covered by the guns of war vesse arein the most imminent danger. It is now ported - ported that the" Vegetarians," which appear iA) the name of a secret society which cherishes a special animosity against the missionaries their converts, are so strongly organised and fu armed in some districts that they can defy 3,171, force which can be sent against them by .7s, Chinese Government. But oven apart from tilbe there appears to be abundant evidence that Government officials can not, in any case,be rerey upon for protection. Even where :ace , have the power to keep the P the they have not the will, so far as , Christians are concerned. Charges are 0P the made, and apparently on good grounds, that _at, mandarins have been secret instigators of the,eete. rages and in some case active participators in rnob they have who have been sent to repress the ..,ev have been foremost in pillaging the propertY reforet , were expected to protect. Naturally, the . the European residents in China look to trlift home governments for help and protection, °this will, we feel sure, distress those Tories ited country who pride themselves upon their "sPlr_va foreign policy" to learn that Lord SALlseueS e his Cabinet have been strongly denounced by. f':o English residents in Hong-Kong and Shanghai their apathy in face of the present crisis. It however, be admitted that the situation Joe rather embarrassing one for Lord SALispITRY. 0 cannot undertake an invasion of China nP°_ney twenty-four hours' notice, and, indead, he even act as if there had been a formal declarattleisi of war between this country and the Coles be • Empire. The Chinese Government, we rn, sure, will be profuse in its apologies and itS mises of redress 80 far as redress can be giverr past to oor_r_, will no doubt be ready now as in the the decapitation of any number of humble cor who may have been in no way guilty of the tal. if it can thereby have the incident quietly Cl .407; it is not likely, however, that a reparationaootv:ol_ kind will be satisfactory to the English iisirr ment. What should be demanded is the Pei d ment of the real offenders, even if it ThbeefeLleir that they hold high official positions. dign punishment of a few highly-placed wand. 'us would probably have more effect in prevellotsin,Es repetition of these far too frequent atrociti stc7re the execution of a large number of peasants and labourers whose lives are belc 1 to of little account in China.

!TOrieS

bag'

mei

I

1 I "-----------------_------ The THE Parliament which was ope New Parliament. 101 on Monday, although overwhelo ingly Tory ir- its conapoarr surrende began its business with something like a " on the part of the majority. The surreo3or Wee allude to was in connection with the election °I SPEAKER in the House of Commons. Whell 311.'

===== 0002601_18950817_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
SCOTCH

===== 0002601_18950817_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iters.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
~,_

1:c1:11:itia;

Ia Was reel Tories. ; forward

4041 be all ',lloniinee of ed the y di

kZt she "the ele L-lo

was ina ' earligle, at L.,ariaellities of til a

4 repres eohte; ed rE Gruiyy

'Lets, Pc'sitiot t 4.... •

:ted II a-1 Plain tha -

el4lBed C It' and he povv, et, C4'er the .46 WaS, hc +o4eape. of '32g,

44 4pp, ) r4rli4. 'rl'

'°ll3P:ldi tTories frot ,tti? IR _ fro, In

Jhteri. It • 1 atue

arid he 'l4 tho 111.

, -""ge of t o.iten 04.41 WhOti, Itidee4 '011,..

ith,„•""411. • r Nnt,24 to

ON".l3"4ltnt 1 el'ef)ti :1411ge WWfoll 4()tlit tQh4B tle:"44

w, et, Wlectio '0i24174)( 4 8 INre Qt tho

reg, ,ti) A o„ Whet

===== 0002601_18950817_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
4,1 t ill. liitilillpr if kh'i .f, C 1.11:11,8'ilt 'ltik't tl ItCl," Flirti it tiqqty ' 4, II 114 ilitry qr,tt 1 q 4 C4.•At i v titl"l4 t'lltY• ' t',l,lL'ltt t 011:1Z 4 • ti, It, Ivi, kzi i INt,t., t,tp'izi4ti, lit 1141' 1

===== 0002601_18950817_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
I

'*l

LY was nominated for that dignified office in e,l°Bing days of the last Parliament the pro- was received with the utmost disfavour by °ries. Though they were in a minority they fo,rwarcl the unprecedented claim that they 4 'be allowed to fill the SPEAKER'S chair with otXiinee of their own, awl wlacn they were out- they declared their intention to depart from tirne-lienoured Riage of re-electing the .shenid they be returned with a majority 'ne elections. During the elections a desperate 0" wi,as made to oust Mr. GULLY from his seat usiel and even Mr. BALFOUR so far forgot `toerlities of political warfare as to urge the of the Cumbrian capital to reject their representative. But the result of Contest in Carlisle was a well- I repcoof for the Tory leaders. 1:114ir played his part with dignity and 1. As the late speaker of the House of ' 116 declined to enter into controversial pooh. contented himself with explaining a :on to the electors, and in the end he was Y an increased majority. 'Thus far, it hat the Tories had not scored over the

IP. But, though they had been heavily ht, Carlisle, they had been successful,else- oiTuad, having a sal)stantial majority, they 6407ePower to elect their own nominee to pre- .e ;the debates in the House of Commons. ,eill ea as, however, one consideration they could ait For more than fifty years at least the SPHaKita had been regarded as a non- i:tliaPPoiiitraent, and the rule had been for ~,ltalF'nts to re-elect the SPEAKER of the , lament when he was available. Were (,„riall who make a special claim to be ")natitutionalists " to make the first f,nr()111 this ancient and commendable lhe evil results that might possibly r°4l sail a departure could 1-10 easily ohtai lo fact, a warning object lesspn might 461,,,1it any time .from the other side of the the : Speaker of the 'American House of

_ , tcll4°'s is the nominee Of the predominant '44 116 eXpeted to use the powers of his 13r the benefit of his party and for the dis- oftethe other party. The result is only ;i4l ' Illennflalous abuse of authority by an 11,(11•'llnellould be absolutely impartial, and Airite.t4 'should be above even the suspicion of ithia:4lll* Wor a short time after the elections 4:143' it seemed as though the Tory party act in defiance of all the warnings P44ing the Speakership a partisan ap- but in the cud it was made clear to the • that this " Americanisation " of the ll:atenrrinions would be extremely distaste- Proportion of the best men amongst e, and they yielded to the pres- Nio laust be said,-in the most graceful or 41(1t1:1„,131ar. But" all's well that ends well," \ll, lecCe../48 on Monday no.jarrin„a note iu the of Mr It GuLtir--Lfor even Dr. Tanner's til• Net. • .01414ett epee to the arrlisle election while Mr. was speaking was taken in good part. 4,:etion Was a perfectly unanimous one,and was complimented all round. The bia:nt of a SPEAKER has so far been the iless of the new .Parliaineut, and judging -"'Quaniv's speech which was read on tir the 60vernnaent mill not display any Mtz in giving effect to the promises of - taade at the election. The speech is '"iltirelY confined to foreign affairs, and ernettr tothem the country does not .:i further enlightenment The refer- -10, Arrneni are satisfactory as far as they _when considered in conjunction with the o I Lord SALlssuar in the debate on the they se sin to indicate that the Govern- -118•17e frankly accepted the polioy of. their regard to the Armenian question.

. • ::: • „, ••!1t14.) , the i falai the , Pot , 11101 lid t kted : the i 6 .„ kkitza ' 'ht' 101 l Et P thri , Ileekora liq the eserveA 't kod ' p 6ration. 1 ~Otpraoris , i k%tter S. I'4 I qteted ' t Ii„ • Vakergh• , Ip II Plllsed , ‘ Itie h I re, r 4, krti3a4 . Irevio r' : 'Pert 1: 'tiskohe,re i io:g f ;IrElkllteitle t. it t i 1 tee, " II dveli, ;El lie 'age °hell L,l ‘Etc. • 4, 1, 141 • 11 hoi , kv ciltiti, . N. ~C 'iliat .il . t4O '44ltlit Y 4,1 u t- ',:, 'heir 1 e,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
rppoi,4tillt 41

i iiit!

40, 1. 1'44'4 114,1 4y ~ kitl4h, , 11,4404 111 Olll, Ct" 'km kotttc, 1 I itl4(444E', Ilt I. t . iq. yt: r t 41(1 tii'l ' kkiti' ‘to , i 1 ,Ilt '; ;ktfl 1 Ike, • 11, , , Vit'vkll, ktb ' , Ll, NCI, 1/4 1,,t1e 1 ft. . L ti

leen. w ^raers Of Barrow, at any rate,will not liairekt:ti,C°llBervative administration has brought Ttr°i:lLlin4(,:d_ blessing% of " gacid trade" in "r announced that the Barrow tlii;4llY have decided to close steel their thW"k " Owing te .bad trade and the 4have had with their men on the t4,14,10-:II." There is already a great deal of "L'e e 0,11,44, the families of the steel-workers, 'i"° the c7ete closing of the works will, it is .144,0,-'ira'st crisis which has ever arisen in hititory of Barrow. Such an announce- ; '44 "regard to one of the largest of Brit- , etri,6 . Will act as a startling t disillusion- -1 ' •it 'lng-men who listened ta the pro- ihaui; woe 4i)r"ed trade which Tory candidates the 4-`l)arta of tile country.:Lt is said,of coarse. „()* noel-works would not be closed if Would continue to submit to a con- eitN-711„Ileil:311 of wages, hat -surely that is 14 Nvi °Nit% the Tories propose to bring of trade.? If trade is to " revive" tlelkiticf* of, workmen's wages, the masses Wages will soon begin to think 'of ik-LS4" of Government has been a disaster theg, ti'4l that 411(14, riPwards of twenty-Rise millions of 441 Y two hundred thousand posters 1411 III" headquarters of the.Unioaist recent election ! When one con- misrepresentations and the 41(hit mostnhe leaflets and 1. 4iTI 0 f I • t'ieQ 444. tiekl perhaps the victory of the party 'll them freely is not to h wondered a 1/41:101. tht what la to happen when the time It Ifttkallnent of the promises so JaViSt ly ,111i);looin,-teertain that some crf the twe"Y'fige lirek ittli two kuudred thousand posters 11, ett et ot and they will be awkward re- it lc/44111:Q Pledges. Another adiges• vltt,,k‘lrkhlri;u be tround in the statement that all th, ;7" nted and isktied without ,4nr t, oh di,‘tl'i:!acial Position" of the organizs- -I'o4 got %, 41Dut•sci it. Tnis is just one more l▪ leaouists did not lose any votes 01 money. tNaI:ST.4.M= CLAIN. 04 ringtori ThursdaY, ounty Court., on tlioesoe t 'Judge Wynne Ffoulkes.A.braharn t4",,it"a4e;:""rely-lane,sued Macho:el Finnerty, i t"loi., the amount of damage OP, t he defendant had committed 4,Ctir'l,4'llitit• "rY belonging to plaintiff.—Mr. 71i aDueared for the defendant 'swlE4 "owed that the defendant had of three of her husband's fowls but le sile said that. she did not vee te—tl'ilfterl but that she had been It-,,ll,"lobolarS. flonoar readied Was uot evidenee,and asked her p.lrsons who actually saw 4e, to the fowls. Witness answered PY• VdiNg that. she bad not considered Llot then w,tnt on to inform his ti"khrel,•...itti'e :efradant owned certain wuste z•,!1 h a upon which the fowls often ,;11 it th4,.'l not Seen her own fowls tree- %ol-I,itilsyq' "adlsn di:fendant injure other Lit thilitlatiouBiad been upon the land. Befen- -144 44. edRE, .to her were always unqatoteo- (l4(l 4444 tela"l h" had no other alternative liint 111/ • e • lde Iff seeing that be had not nee to sustain her allegations. stiot

A, hif." kr 4(44

xht 4i h 11.?"k1.1-t:411;t1R,., t 4 tor 4 44,1, lii, ern 16111. mt 7 i 4.1111 t gry AN), Ao 11, eeo Rat 1.41 •

===== 0002601_18950817_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

FOUND IN a. LOFT la lII7NCORN.

_ At Runcorn Police Court on Thureday morn*: before Mr. H. Taylor, John Hedgeoock,of Runcora, Was charged with sleeping out the previous night. P.O. Sutler, who stated the case, deposed that be found the prisoner in a bit over some shippons near Savagea' 'Bridge. Prisoner was discharged with a caution. PAPER ON " GAMBLINO."

At the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Sons of Temperance on Saturday eveoing, Mr. George W. Holt read a paper on " Gamblinz." The chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas Heesom and there was a good atten- dance. RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

There was little business to transact at the sitting oE this court on Tuesday before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, The cases comprised 15 plaints and 25 judg- ment summonses. There were no disputed cases of public interest. A RUNCORNIAN IN TROUBLE AT FRODSHAM. At Frodsham Police Court on Monday morning before Mr. Thotams, a charge of drunkennesss was preferred against Elizabeth White, of Brunswick-street, Runcorn. The evidence adduced showed that on Saturday night the prisoner was found in a helpless state of drunkenness in Ship-street, Frodsham by P.C. Wetherley. A fine of 53. including costs' or in default seven days imprisonment was imposed. She went to prison. LOCAL PROCTORS OF CONVOCATION. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood,vicar of Runcorn,and the Rev. William. E. Torr, vicar of St. Mary's, Easthas; have been elected Proctors of Convocation for the Province of York for the Archdeac,inry of Chester, Mr. Torr taking the place held since 1874 by the Rev. Canon Dodd, vicar ef Stretton, near Warrington. RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY'S EXCURSION. As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, the annual excursion in connection with the Runcorn Co-operative Industrial and Provident Society, Limited will be held on Mon lay next. The place ot destination will be Blackpool, and the fare is Axed at 23. 9d. Particulars as to timei of st trting from Run- corn, Dittoo, Widnes, Appleton, and Farnworth will be found in the advertisement.

THE TREAT TO RUNCORN POOR CHILDREN.. The preparations for this treat which is to take place on Wednesday afternoon, when the poor children of Runcorn whose ages rtnge from 7 to 13 years, will be taken to Overton Hill and there provided with tea, are now nearly complete. At a meeting of the Scrutiny Committee on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall, the names of over 500 children were submittedand approved of, as being entitled to the treat. The offer made by the League of the Cross brass band to accompany the children was gladly accepted..

SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The Rev. R. Renton, of Frodsharn, was the preacher at the anniversary Aermons in connection with the Nelson-street Wesleyan Sunday School, Runcorn, on Sunday. There were very good congregations wspecislly so in the evening. In the afternoon a service for parents and children was held, and was conducted by Mrs. Renton.Miss Clara Taylor exceedingly well sang the solo " 0 Rest in the Lord." Collections which were made in aid of the school fond z amountel to £lB. THE SHIPMENTS 07 SILT FROM RUNCORN AND WESTON

===== 0002601_18950817_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
POINT.

During the month of July the shipments of salt from Runcorn and the Ship Canal ware : Rock salt 75 tons, white salt 7210 ; and from Weston Point, rock salt 150 tons, white salt 14.346 tons. Of the white salt, 352 tons were forwarded to ticitish North America, 2soo tons to the East Indies, 555 tons Denmark and Irelan 1.; 1,436 tons to England ; 1,305 to Ireland, and 15.708 ta Scot- land. The shipments show an increase of 701 tons from Runcorn and .793 tons from Westnn Point as compared with the corresponding period in 1894. PoratTIVE kiRTHODIST CHBVEL CHOIR. On Sunday the annual choir sermons in comuction with the Primitive Method,st Chapel, Greenwas-road, were held. The preacher for the occasion was Mr. J. Peters, of 13uckley, who preached morning and evening to large congregations. At both services special music was rendered. The principal parts in the anthems were taken by Miss Hillidge, Miss Wilson, Miss Stubbs, Miss Wright, Mr. Shingler, Mr. R. Hillidge, Mr. Woodward, and Mr. `P. Shingler. Mr. W. Oittins presided at the organ with his usual ability. The collections which were handed over to the choir fund, were 245. in advance of the sum raised last rear. 'CAMDRN WRSLICTILN SIINS&T SCHOOL. The annual treat for the scholars attending Camden Wesleyan Sunday School was held on Wednesday after- noon when about 250 journeyed he train to 'Frodsham, and afterwards proceeded to Overton Hill. Here they romped about until tea time. They then went to the tea rooms of Mrs. Parker-Hcoie at Mersey View, where an excellent tea was provided. The weather was fine, and the scholars thoroughly enjoyed th-mselves. They re- toted to Runrnrn in time to witness the cycle parade.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
- Sr. JOUNS PRNSBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

About 150 scholars at ached to this Sunday school had their annual outing to Overton on Wednesday afternoon. The weather being beautifully fine, a most enjoyable time was spent in romping about the hills. Tea was provided at the Mersey View, alter which the chi'dren walked to the station, and reached Runcorn about seven o'clock.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW T'l3G.

A steel screw tug hag heen built by Messrs. Joseph T. Eltringhana and Co of South Shields, to the order of the Manchester Ship Canal Company (Bridgewater under- taking) for towage and other services. 'The tug is to trade to Runcorn. and will be under the command of Captain Jones. The dimensions of the vessel are 90ft. byl9ft. bflOft., with twin compound surface condens- ing engines, each 14 inch and 30 inch cylinders by 21 inch stroke,built by Mr. George T. Grey, South Shields, and having a large steel multitubular bollet, by Messrs. Eltringham, working at 'l2olb. pressure. In addition to the-ordinary tug arrangements, a large saloon has been fitted at the fore part of the vessel for the use of the di- rectors and the officials of the Canal Cottspanv. On the trial the machinery attained a mean speed orioi knots, and both vessel and machinery gave the greatest satis- faction to the builders, and the reoresentative of the Manchester Ship,Canal Company, Mr. Rawlinson. of Runcorn, who 'has -superintended the construction of hull and machinery. The vessel is named " Charles Galloway."

===== 0002601_18950817_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FERSENTATION TO 'FORMER 'RUNCORN RESIDENT.

Many Runcorn friends of the Rey. S. H. Raven.croft, Pon of Mr. S. 'Ravenscroft, Waterloo-road, Runcorn, will be interested in the following account which ap- peared in the "'Neal Mercury" of July 'l2th. Or Wednesday night, 'July 'loth,a conversazione was held in the Town Hall, Plarrismith, when an opportunity was given to bid farewell to the Rey. S. H. and Mrs. Ravens- croft,who ere about to leave for Durban. The prow-eel- ings commenced bra pianoforte solo,whiCh was followed by a song, entitled " Big Ben." After several speeches had been delivered, Mr. James handei a purge of money to Mr. Rayenscroft. In reply, that gentleman woke of his coming to Flarrismith, and remarked that when he first saw it he said the had come to the fag end of crea- tion. 'However, he had found it a much better place than he expected. The meeting sang " God be with you till we meet again." One of the most pleasing features of the gathering Wag theta!l the denominations were represented, as well as the clergy of the Church of England. • Busmen Tomas Contr.

A sitting of this Court was held on 'Friday afternoon at two o'clock. Owing to the pressure of business it was found advisable to adjourn for tea, and it war 7.30 before all the cases were disposed of. The nuijor portion of the time was taken no in recording the dennsitinns the alleged robbery at Halton, a report of which will be found in another column. The other cases were as follows: Samuel Thomnann, Wilderspool, a carter in the employ of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and 03.. ltd., was charged with being drunk whilst in charge of two horses and a dray at Runcorn, the previous day. P.C. Gregory and Sergeaet Gill proved the eaae and.a -fine of 54. and 8i . costs wan imposed.—Dstiiol.o7mbarty„ and Daniel. O'Niel, two atile-bodied seamen, appeared to answer charges of asaault. the first-named with assaulting his Captain, Peter Lowry Francis, and the latter with assaulting thstitfirst mate, Edward Jory.—Mr. Linaker Prosecuted, and Mr. Burton defended Plahartv.—Mr. Linalcer stated that Frannie was captain of the llie 8. which ar,lvedn Ibincorn from tie Grande on the pre- vious Wednesday. The captain said his men proc'eded to the IVlercantitie Marine Office on Ihursday for the purpose of paving and discharging them. Owing to the captain refusingdn give Flaharty a good discharge be caused a disturbance, and the superintendent. Mr. Hamiltnn, owint•to what was said tay Plaharty in the office, detained the captain for safety.. He stayed in the 1 office for some time but on cornier amt. he aams met hr Flaherty who rushed at him and trim-owl him to the ground. He then kicked him over the left eye. The mate seeing the straggle, went to the assistance of the captain, but when he did so,. O'Niet struck him a violent blow in the eve. He asked the MagiSbrttus to make an example of the two def.melants. —Evi- &lnce in corrnhoratien of Mr. Linakees statement was given by Captain Francis, Alfred lary. mate, S. Howie Han-iltnn (superintendent. Marine Office). Thomas Garner (assisttont). Mr. Hamilton stated that from the entries made in the log hook it was impns- OW for the certain to give O'Flaharty a "good" diacharge.—A 'limber of witnesses were called for the defence who stated that the captain came out of the Custom House in a rt.:emu:isle manner. They :affirmed that no kicking tank place,nad that the injury over the captain's eve was e,used hr him ploughing -the gravel when he fell.—Mr Barron stabad that the captain used very off•maive remarks to Flaharty, and when he asked for an ..evnianation the tcroggte took place. Ha con- tended that the wound ore- 'he. captain's Pe had not the appearance of a kielc —The reagistratea considered the case prayed and tinel eac's defendant 10-- and Cogs.

-41b- -11%.' French are findtna out the truth nt tho prediction that the camoaign in Madagascar wool() bn one of " fever and quinine " A Paris telegram sass that the Provenee is exoected at Marseilles on the 28th inst.with 603 invalid soldiers, and the Sl•amrock will bring 700 win are alroadv conva,mortent. Tho Dlemmah left Mar- this week to fetch 500 invalids from Mojanga.

_ CALL or Writs for a pair of To TAYLOOI 6s. 11d. or Bs. (-41 LADIES' Or GSIT'II SEWN Bang or exoradipust ee.-50 Manebeiter4treet,Liverposl. Aid 4

===== 0002601_18950817_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INSPECTION.

- - - I On Saturday, the 2nd Earl of Chester'a Volunteer Regiment concluded their week's encampment at Black- pool. The Runcorn Volunteers, who formed a portionof the regiment, arrived home about2.3o, and looked all the better tor their military experiences of the of the week. With the exception of Saturday night, the weather on the whole was satisfactory and the health of the men has been excellent. On Friday the annual inspectiun took place. The regiment was drawn up in line and receivAl the inspecting officer, Golonel Butlin, with the general salute. Both ranks having been minutely inspected, the march past was done in smart style. The men then performed the manual and firing exercise under Major Hazlehurst ; and afterwards Major Woolley, Captains Smith, Harrison, and (lawn drilled half of the battal- ion. Lieutenants Clarke, Brundrit, Thorneley, Royle, Nicholson and Garrett next-- drilled the companies, with the view to qualifying; and theattack formation brought a stiff morning's work to a close. The whole of the movements were executed with a considerable amount of military precision, and the men thoroughly deserved the praise bestowed upon them. At the conclusion of the inspection the battalion was drawn up, and several non- commissioned officers, who were about to receive the Volunteer long service medal, stood on one side.—The Inspecting Officer said he was very pleased to seethe battalion turn out to-day as it always used to do, in a very, creditable manner. The men were all clean and smart-looking, with very few exceptions. e liked to see the belts put on a little more accurately,Mid he hoped another year that might be done,but generally they were very well turned out. The march past was steadily per- formed, and the manual firing exercise was very well done, particularly the firing exercise. Li the drill tne men were very steady, and seemed to know their work well. The battle formation there was very little time to practice, but it was done very fairly on the whole. fie had a great pleasure and that was to preseat the long service medals to those who had served twenty years or upwards in the regiment. Be thought it VIM very just and good reward that those who had devoted very much of their time to the service of their country should re- ceive a token of gratitude and a mark of respect, from their county. Colonel Butlin then presented the medals 1 the band of the Regiment playing" Aull Lang Syne." 1, The following ,were the recipients of the medals ' Lance-Corporal Blane, Corporal Rigby, Sergeant Carr, Corporal Roscoe, Hon. Qeartermaster Charles Brown, Colour-Sergeants Carr, A. Davies,and T. Davies, Private Roberts, and Corporal Simcock. _

The conduct ef the Runcorn men have been excep- tionally good, not one of them having to appear at the Court Martial. They ware also successful in carrying off almost all the prizes offered during the eticampinent.The prize for the best line of tents was taken by the G Com- pany (Runcorn) ; for the s:nartest non-eomtnissioned officer, Ist prize G Company (Runcorn), 2oci prize, F Company (Runcern) ; for . the smartest privatl, lat prize, F Company (Runcorn), 2nd prize, 0 Company (Runcorn). In the competition for the best kept indivi- dual tent two prizes were offered but owlriKttp the neat- eess displayed it was decided to give three, and two of the prizes were awarded to F Company and one to G Company, both of Runcorn. The only other toriz, offered to the battalion was for the best bugler and this was won by a member of one of the Chester companies. Colenel Ashton and other officers expressed themselves as hav- ing, this year, spent the pleasantest camp in their ex- perience.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PARISH Cousten Merrnso.—Ptie Rev. Canon Wood presided at the meeting of the Parish Council on Friday evening.—There were also present: Messrs, D. Basnett, S. Savage, Moores, H. E. Guee, and Collier (clerk).— With regard to the emptying of ashpits, in reply to a question by the Chairman as to what was tieing done, the Clerk said he knew that Mr. Farrington,.the nuisance inspector for the Rural Council, had been round the dis- trict twice since their last meeting, but he had nothing to report to the Council.—The Chairman thought it was satisfactory to know that the matter was receiving ettention.—The Clerk reported that in accordance with instructions, he wrote to the Water Committee of the Runcorn Council complaining of the insufficient supptr, and asking for their attention to the same. Mr. Marshall afterwards replied, stating that he had laid the letter before his committee, and they would investigate the cases, and do all they could to put right any defects they might discover. He (Mr. Collier) thought that since the letter had been sent, the Runcorn Water Committee had done all they could to give Weston a better supply, and from information he had received, the supply was much better.—Mr. Basnett and Me. Guest both stated that the supply was much improved.--The Chairman thought the Council should keep their eye on the matter and suggested the appointment of a sub-committee to over-look it, and report to the next meeting.-03 the motion of Mr. Guest, seconded by Mr. Moore., a sub- committee consisting of Messrs. Basnett, Sill, and Guest was appointed.—The Clerk stated that he wrcte to Mr. Marshall, secretary to the Runcorn Council, asking for further particulars with regard to the proposed new road, but he had lint yet received a reply.—Toe Chair- man thought they should at least have received an acknowledgment of the receiptof the letter.—Regarding the dangerous pat') leading from Weston to Clifton, the Clerk stated that he had seen Mr. Griffiths with reference to it,and he had promised to mention the matter to the agent of the estate (Mr. Evans).—lt was decided that a letter be written to both the occupier and the owner calling attention to the dangerous condition of the path and asking for it to be remedied.—The Chairman asked whethe: anything further had been done with a view to the taking over of the reads at Weston Point. Th- Clerk stated that he had seen Mr. Ashton (clerk of the Rural Council), and he toldiiim that the matter was re- ceiving attention. The Local Government Board had written, making some enquiries with regard to the sewer, before granting the neceasary powers for Mc: tat ing over of the roads.—Mr. Moores asked the clerk whether he could give them any information regarding the new sewer trom Sandy-lane to the roam sewer, Weston Point—The Clerk stated that he had heard nothing at all about it.—This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
A CAREER OF IMPOSTURE.

A clever rascal named Pierre Delanov carrip.up for trial at the Seine Assizes on TUf sday. He Was emp'nyed se a house porter in one of the large Paris hospitals from 1877 to 1881, when he seems to have come to the conchisein that the life of an in-patient Was far preferatis to the one he was living, or was ever likely to live as an Ordinary working man. ffe, therefore, resolved to pass the rest of his days inside different hospitals in the capacity of invalid. fits started by feigning ataxy, and for six years deceived the highest medical experts in Paris,so cuticusly did be appear to suffer. Re stayed in turn in all the hospitals in the city, being treated with every care and consideration, until at last he met with a doctor who persisted in applying disagreeable remedies. Delaney accordingly came to the conclusion that the time to be cured had arrived, and cured he consequently became, and was discharged. He next appeared at Lourdes, supported by crutches, and presenting every 'symptom of being hopelessly crippled. With thousands of other infirm and decrepit people he was dipped in the holy well. So efficacious did this treatment prove that ha came out another man, threw his crutches to the ground and walked, as an onlooker expressed it, "like a rural postman." The Church placed him in charge of a home for invalids. But this was too much like hard work of Dvlimov, and he soon decamped with all the motes' ho could lay his hands on. Returning to 133 tis he Was admitted te the flospital of St. Anne as suffering &oaf mental debility, hut this 1,4 not prevent him from run- ninc off one nighttliewtdiot.htohl. psfl 0 Oat sr sat hkbi inne lgdf i noir rteaosstaedadihslpiuntennasltaeigret: Tivialev.polnicee twh eree n LI; but he had become by this time too well known, and was Indicted in due Course. At the, trial he energeticalte denied that he had ever shammed, but the Curt would not believe him, and sentenced him to four years' impri- sonment with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

• WYSLEYAN CHURCEL-111 December last, when the pastor nf MN church, theßev.W.Lile Stnne.was rendered local)•, hie of performing his duties by ill-health. the Rev. J. 13 The wag engaged to act as supply. His labours have now been brought to an end by the appointment ef the Rev C. de Putron Glidden as Mr. Stone's successor. During the time Mr. Tite has been in Halton, he has, by big energy, his zeal, and his genial disposition, won the esteem and affection of whose amocest whom he has worked. Big presence was especially welcome in the sickroom. On Sunday evening a large congregation assembled to hear him preach his farewell Pennon, the choir rendering special music. In bidding farewell to ilia flock, be said that he had tried to enter into their life, to niake their joys his joys, and their sotrows kis sorrows. He thanked them for all their kindness to him. It was only when going away, he said, that one realized how much he had become attached to the people And place cohere he bad been called to work. He should always have very happy memories of the short time he had spent at Halton.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
. , " • -

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1895

FLOWER CARNIVAL AND LANTERN RETURN OF LOCAL VOLUNTEERS FROM I rHE ALLEGED WHOLESALE THEM AT PARADE AT RUNCORN. HALTON. CAMP. - A PICTURESQUE MEDLEY. PRISONERS COMMITTED TO THE SESSIONS. All that was wanted on Wedneeday to bring to a fitting At Runcorn Police Court on Friday afternoon, Ann climax the painstaking arrangements which had been and William Travis, of Halton, were charged on remand made by the members of the Runcorn Cycle Club for with stealing 11lbs. of butter, 53Ibs. of bacon, 471bs. their second annual flower carnival and lantern parade of candles, 721bs. of rice, 2321b5. of sugar, 76Ibs. of flour, was nee weather, and in this respect they were specially 251bs. lard, lib. tea, 63lbs. soap, 5 brushes, 91bs. coffee, favoured. A finer night than that of Wednesday for 6 jars of jam, 4 boxes of earthenware, 11 eggs,and other such a display could not be conceived and the groceries, the goods of Messrs.Gainon and Rowe,flalton, wheelers made the most of it. When the rain descended and also with receiving them well knowing that they in the earlier part of the day there were many forebod- were stolen.-Mr. Allen, solicitor, apseared on behalf of ings as to a repetition of the inclement weather experi- the prisoners. enced twelve months ago, which marred to a great Joni] Henry Gatnon, of the firm of Gamon and Rowe, extent the success of the enterprise, but fortunately of Halton, said he had known the female prisoner for these fears vanished as the day wore on. That the affair 25 years and the male prisoner a shorter period. They was a brilliant success was admitted on all hands, and lived in the village in a cottage about 40 yards from the the Runcorn Cycle Club members areto be congratulated shop. The female prisoner had been employed by him upon their successful efforts. The objects which the as charwoman. It was her duty to come to the shop on Wednesday afternoon when the shop was closed, for the parade was intended to benefit were most laudable, namely the Runcorn District Nurse Fund, and the Royal purpose of cleaning it out. It was a lock-up shop. The National Lifeboat Institution, and it is most gratifying previous Wednesday afternoon the female prisoner came to state that as a result each institution will receive about 1.15, and he left the place shortly afterwards. On over £2O. returning from Frodsham soon after six o'clock, he found The processionists assembled in Devonshire Square that the prisoner was detained at the house of the police and its vicinity, and punctually at the appointed time constable. He proceeded there, and found a number of -7.15--they moved oil down High-st. It will not be artic:es produced, and Juett said that they had been necessary to name the various streets traversed, but it foiled in her possession. She said she was very sorry it may be stated broadly that after proceeding to Halton- had happened; it was the first time, and she would see road as far as the crane, the procession wheeled round that it would be the lest. She hoped witness would for. and then proceeded along Victoria-road to Greenway- give her. Witness told her that he was afraid it was not road. Here a halt was made for the purpose of light- the first time, and that the law must take its course. ing up. This done, a restart was made down Green- The articles she had, consisted of flour, cheese, sugar, ' way-road to Top Locks, and thence in a circuitous washing soda, starch, tin of salmon, matches and eggs. route to Devonshire Square again, which was reached He came to the police station and examined the articles I shortly before ten o'clock. It was witnessed by an im- which were produced, and they were such as he sold. He manse concourse of people,in fact all the people of Run- could swear to the house-brush, white-wash brush, and corn and neighbourhood seemed to be spectators. It would scouring brush, as they had their price mark on. He be invidious to attempt to describe the procession in de- could also identify the sago, and sugar bags, and the tail, but it must be acknowledged that it was quite up other goods were similar to those which they generally to expectations and was a most attractive and pic- dealt in. He valued the goods in court,at £ll 43.17 d. The turesque medley. The marshallwas Mr. F. Yarwood, female prisoner had access to the shop and warehouse. though as a type of "John Bull " it cannot be said The male prisoner was engaged with the Runcorn Gas that he was a seccess. Ile was followed by an open Company. In examination, he said, he considered the landau containing the Runcorn district nurse, and prisoners respectable people until this case occurred. Nurse Lily Yates, of Manchester. The conveyance Both the prisoners had been to his shop. Be had never was nicely decorated with foliage and flowers and had seen the male prisoner at his shop on a Wednesday after- been lent for the occasion by Mrs. Wood, of the Vicar- noon. In reply to the Superintendent, witness /stated age. The Runcorn Volunteer Band which succeeded it, that it was not usual for two persons to have such a large stock of provisions. The value of the articles he was under the conductorship of Bandmaster Outhwaite, and played exceedingly welt en. route. The display had sworn to, amounted to 153. 41d. made by the ' members of the Runcorn branch P.C. Jue,t stated that on the 7ti inst, about four p.m. of the St. John Ambulance . Association was he saw the female prisoner coming away from Gamon of a novel description. Two ambulance car- and Rowe's shop. He noticed her appearance. and he riages, accompanied by members of the Itesociation, called to her that be wished to speak to her. She then contained two youths who, feigning to be suffering from went towards home but he followed after her and asked broken limbs, were displayed in their splints and band- her what she had under her petticoats. She replied" It ages. The carriages were nicely decorated and th's de- has nothing to do with you, let me go home." Witness pertinent was in charge of Mr. Clare, secretary, and Mr. told her that he would have to take her to his house, W. 13.pakee, treasurer. The Runcorn Fire Brigade with and she stated that she ;would not go. Superintendent Wright at their head, made a fine show. He forcA her across the road, and when in Their good old fire engine " Prince of Wales," made its fiont if his own doer, she refused to go any further,and appearance in all the glory of new paint, and was suc- he had to carry her to his statten. He then got his wife ceeded by the hose-reel. The firemen in cheese, with to search hcr.-At this pullet the Court adjourned until full accoutrements, presented a smart appearance. For six o'clock. On resuming, P.C. Juett continued his evi- the decorations to theengine, Asc., flowers and plants had dence and said that after his wife had searched the been sent by Mrs. Hazlehurst of the Grange, Mr. P. feirale prisonershe charged her with stealing the articles Speakman, J.P., C.C., and Mr. John Dykes. The Helsby to which she replied that she was very sorry and asked fire brigade were also announced to be present, but they him to lit her off this time. Ile brought her to the were unavoidably detained. Following the brigade, was Pslice Statien where she was further searched, and a the display of the members of the Runcorn Cycle Chsb. number of other articles were found upon her in the This was one of the most attractive features of the ex- pockets produced. About 9 p.m. the same evening, in hibition and there was evidence of considerable skill and company with P.C. Gregory be went and searched the ingenuity in the " get-up " of both machines and cy- house of the prisoners. The groceries and provisions,and clists. The characters and things represented were very earthenware,were found in the bedrooms, chiefly packed diverse. For instance one individual represented a , in boxes under the beds. In:one of the clothes-boxes he character with the pseudonym " Our Back Garden " found a packet of tobacco. He asked the and warned the spectators by means of bold lettering on 1 male prisoner where he got it from, and he his bexk to " Beware of the Dog." A clever piece of answered that he bought it about three weeks previ- work was the representation of a lighthouse, shedding ously. On charging the male prisoner with receiving ght as it was wheeled along. All nations the geniis, knowing them to have been stolen, he replied its selwer el the sun, luni , and indeed, from all appearances, several "I am innocent, I know nothing about them." In others were characterised,and to come nearer home,there cress-exemination by Mr. Allen. witness stated that the was shown the new woman as she will appear on the boxes csuld not be seen by anyone passing through the "hike" of the future. We will not particularise. There bedroom,as they were concealed under the bed by val- were elso representations ef " two little girls in tithe," lance s. The male prisoner always seemed to be a re- the old woman, the usual policeman, and well-known spectable MAR. The boxes he found in one of the rooms comic characters. One individual, with night-capped were hidden from view by cretonne. head, and wearing" Granny's nightdress," caused no Mrs. Juett stated that on Wednesday afternoon,at the small amount Of amusement. Cyclists belonging to the request of her hesband,she searched the female prisoner Runcorn Temperance, Wigan Wednesday, Lostock at the Halton police station. The prisoner refused to Alkali, Widnes and Hough Green cycle clubs were also be searched and resisted her for some time. She found Present with .decorated machines and some of the riders the pockets produced tied round her body, They con- in character. The Wigan men were noticeable for the ttinecl a number of articles produced. large painted noses worn by them and were known as Mrs. Atherton, wife of Superintendent Atherton,stated the " Big Nose Brigade." A number of local unat- that she further searched the prisoner at the Runcorn tac.hed evelists also put in an appearance. The Runcorn police station. She had great difficulty in doing so, hut had wheeled their faces a a low alon she found another bag tied round the prisoner contain- fiat cart.Paa'll°:3 for the oceoa- ing a numher of articles. shin, and held in their hands,the bells which they played Alfred Blackshaw, assistant at Messrs. Gamon and secasinnallnyea route. The Runcorn Rowing Club made Rowe's shop, spoke to having packed and marked the e42Tihstegy ad blackened strear, sago and rice produced. He had never sold any- In the first there was a representation of a prominent display. Two rowing boats were mounted on waggons. - thing to the prisoners. Grace Darling,this hereine being personated hey Miss COR- P.C. Gregory corroborated the statement made by P.C. nie Prier.. In thesecond boat-the larger of the two,-a. Juett as to finding the goods at the house of the pris- 011erS. Li a set of drawers he found two packets con- boating outfit, and holding aloft theiroars. Mr. F. Ala d few of the members of the club appeared,dressed in their taining eleven lbs. of coffee. In one of the bedrooms he found a ban which contained, he should think, about able feature of the precession, and one which served to made the arrangements for the club. Another notice. £35, but on pulling it out, Miss Collier who lived in the remind the spectators of one of the objects of the house, claimed it as hers. On the Court beingadjourned, ' display was a representation of a . lifeboat, the femala prisoner said all the things belonged to Mr. named for the occasion " Elizabeth Hill." It was Lowe with the exception of one box with a lock on. She drawn along on a harry lent for the occasion had had that for thirty years. by Mr. Sefton. The occupants of the boat numbered Mr. Allen, for the defence, said he did not think it was five, four men and coxewain,Mr. William Shaw,tnission- a caae in which it would be found necessary to commit are of the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Mi shorn to the male prisoner on. The house in which the things Seamen, occupying the latter position. They were were found, belonged to Miss Collier and the prisoners dressed in nil-Skins and lifebelts, kindly lent by Mr. Prix, went to live with her. There was no doubt that they kept the house going, but the male prisoner's position in and with a lurid elare east upon them by a number of 'lie house was only tkat of a lodger. The female prisoner powerful Realm-lye, lent by G. Hewitt, the men pre- sented a striking appearance. 0-casionallv a number lo ked after .he house and her husband worked at Run- of rockets were sent up from the boat. Severel tradr.s• carn Gas Work'. It was most improbable that he men were not slow to take ad venteen if this exeellent had any hand in the affair, and unfortunately means o advertisement. some excellent Dumnt,' tine fentale pritoner who was the only one able to give I f a ^el o any i ,formation about it, had her moult sealed. From ,sere noticeable, and in a few eli`PS no expense seemed 1888 on to the previous year he had been saving £4O a to have been snored to make a good show. Inter. 1888 But last year his wages were reduced,and he wasl apersed in the preeession wag a number of te.nds, now only getting 21s. per week, and out of this h. gave ! including the Weston Church band, Miner-on town hand, his wife 19a. There was no evidence before them that Weston Wealevan. Mill Brow, and Nelson subseripnine he knew she had stolen these goods. He might have i band, who placed lively tones, and RR mac be imegi- ed gone into the house day after day, and seen nothing to made themselves heard. The procession was well lighted amuse his suspicion, as the good 4 were carefully con- ceded from view. Au regarded the charges against the other lights. e*, fire-brigade in burlesqee, and styled the wsmarete recognised that it was a case that would have Darktnwn fire brigade, gave the prneession an amusing to go to another court for trial, and he would,therefore, tale-end. It was under the direction of Mr. Skilicorn reserve anything that might be said for her. and was undertaken by the Old Kanzs Minstrel troupe. ' potato r The fire engine seemed to consist iota In reply to the charge, the female prisoner said she nsater,and . would reserve her defence, and the male prisoner said he their other epplieneee were in like manner of a ridiru- wae innocent -Both prisoners were committed to the loins description. There were eleven man on the "engine" next Quarter Sessions at Knutsford for trial. Bail was nine of whom represented the unlnekv householder who refeseci the female prisoner, hut the male prisoner was had given warning of his dwelling being on fire, admit ted en bail, himself in a surety of £3O, and two and who had presumable, in the hurry, been other sureties of £l5 each. obliged to creme .in his nightdress! For the rine/Inset-if eellecting the money, in addition to boxes FURTHER PROCEEDINGS ON SATURDAY. being earrien rennd by men, youths, and maidemechiefly TFIE SON BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES. in character, there was also a number of purse poles far Refuna Mr. P. Speakman sad Mr. E. Imison at Run- the purpose of reaching to bedroom windows, and these corn Police Court on Saturday. Ann Travis and her son had been lentbv the lifmhnat institution. A collecting James Collier, were charged with stealing and receiving sheet Was also carried in the procession, in charge of Mr. certain articles. the property of Messrs Gamma and W. Grounds, For the relief of those who had been mad. Rowe. Mr. Allen again defended.-John Henry Gamer' yestently missed by the colleeters. said he knew Collier. He was the son of the female There were four captains of the parade, and each was prisoner. He was formerly in their employ for several in charge of A section. These were Messrs. Whinvates, years. About two years ago he left them. The articles Rost-de-in, Lawson, and Johnson. The ether officers to produced and mentioned in the charge wer.3 similar whom a mesel of nraiee is due for the admirable arrange- goods to what they dealt in. He could identify the one meets were Mr. TI. Wright, treasurer, Mr. W. H. Mark, peusd package of sago whinh was marked "L. S." He working secretary, and Mr. W. Dudley, corresponding could also identify the lump sugar from the wrapping seer l'ary. and tyintne rid also the moist sugar from the way it was Appended will be found a list of the collections with tied. The tinned goods produced were of the same I the amount they have reeeived :-Messrs. Bishop and brand RR thy dealt in.-In eras-examination he said Anxlev 14s. D.d.. Cooke V. Ss. 411.. T. D'inhavend the goods produced were similar to those sent 1 15e 83., 11. Tatters 10a. 2-1. W seneree 151. 914., out in one let to customers. The female Leonard Bell 4s, 111 d., Thomas Dettnn 51. 51e , G. prisoner had beught things from him occasionally bet not this year -Alfred Blackshaw, aseietant to Aston 14e. 311., Gs Orme 15s. 31.. T. whinyatea E 1 13s EV., Joshna.Nall £ls= 91.. A. Riley 1.1.5.. Charles Messrs. Gamon and Rowe, also identified several of the Savle 14a. 21., P. Wrigh Li 4.4.14..L..Teac0ck 9s. 41.1 , articles as being those he had wrapped and tied up - J. Mack 10a. 01d., T. Williams 9s. 3il . M. is:l,mA Sergeant Lee stated that on the previous day he went to 6s. lid.. H. Paton (Norton Station) 13. 31d.„ G. Honeh the house of the male prisoner, the Ivy Dairy Farm, at and Shelton 15a. 611.. W. Btealie 6s. qi .T. W. Fur- Sankey. near Warrineten. He saw the male prisoner nivni 14s. llel..P.Grien £13.. Thl..E. Hi5b5en,173.514., and asked if he knew that his 'nether was licked up. He , w. B. Rrimelow Ba. 1010 W. mennes £1 4s. 91-1., G. W. said he did nnt, and witness then told him that she was Yates us. 11.11., R. W. Newell 9 s 711., A. Pennington charged with stealing a lot of groceries from Halton. Bs. Bp.. IT. Riehardson 13s. 101.,R. W. Wright Ids. 7e.. He f arther told him that she had admitted the offence :IRMA Weston is. 21d., G. Sherrett El 9s. 3td.. T. and had made a confession that she had given him Geniis'& 7s. 21.. H. Weieht £1 9;. 41., Mi(fiPq R. Myra, (Collier) .orne of the stolen property. He replied "Well , 11-5.,1.7..rimgh.ti1f.ive1i5n.„71,17.... 9&1 . Rwrieht £2 1s 114.. F. Eder, Le Elesnor Smith £1 6s. 7d., last :,, t didn't Tuesday,' hifl' andit wouldmy m . cometll(' rt oboughtthis. sacks rot; N. Reiland £1 Os. 5d.. Ada Indian meal and bran. I then went with her to the 111 Mll-isll'aFnd. Abel 31.51.1242d..8,b.' Sitlibbs 19s. 7d., Nellie Wright 17,1.5i3., pariah Church hell ringers DX 10,1.,Ambulance bowie at Halton, and she gave me some groceries. I ao a ndo n going He toe brought them home." Witness then told him that he tbhreml hanhit i s hime . ('oilier l Itiher e Asanciation £13.. 91.. cart 44. 1011., and other small h RIM., the grand total being £4O 13s. 7d. The amount gavea dc f7irne forth,. them,rt es ilproduced. raiSeei last year was £27. Runcorn l'' lice .Satinii, and that mernine he cheered At the conclusion of the procession. a smoking eon- the two prisoners, the female with having stolen the flee, was held in the Foresters' Hal% when a gnarl num- goods, and the male veih receiving them knowing them hr of cyeliete attended. Dr. MeKenzie nresided awl to have been stolen. The female prisoner answered that the time was spent in a convivial manner. Refreshments her son was innocent. The male prisoner answered that were provided by Mr. Shone of the George and Dragon he got the things, thinking they were ceming from the Hotel. Stores. On h,-,ing re-examined, witness sta•ed float the male prisoner told him that he brought the things in his cart. The Chairman afterwards said they had gone carefully into the case and would dismiss it.

BOW-LING.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE B C. V. nuRTOTPWOOD.—Tha t‘yo teams met on Saturday hot at Bnrtnnwood to play MT the first of thair home and home matches. Thn fnl• lowing is the reanit. . INSITTUTIs. E rTIRTONWOOD. 3 mdwanis l3 John Metiers 7 Bedworth :1 9tAcey .. 13 L B.ooks R J It Min l3 3 tilfttlev av Pilling 7 nee l3 71 INlmitek J Saysge S Thompson 3 T 4 Smlth• l3 ay Afarrovrj.m.. 3 Love W Tarbuelc .......... ......,.. ..... 3 7 Worthington 3 Pinch 1 Mitchell 6 yv Culellall l3 Ft Warburton l3 A Jackson J 'War l3 T THEbT 7 It flarnrr l3 J Barlow . l3 S Jaeloon P Butler 6 Jamss Swift F Dayl,n, . , John Bedworth P Jones 8 J Ounliffe

THE L. AND N,W, RAILWAY COMPANY AND THE SHIP CANAL

Lord Ste'bridge, nresidiwr over the half•vearlv meeting of the London and North-Western Railway Company on Tuesday, spoke of the competition In the Scotch traffic He denied that. the Company had engaged in " racing' to Aberdeen, They had simply gone on in their own way, determined not to lose traffic. They had main-, rained their own, and were detelmined to maintain it. At the same time they were perfectly wflhin to meet the other companies concerned, hut the regult of any such rii.oussion or consideration would he in the end that the London and North-Western would not be the last in the race, whatever happened. Minding to the onnstruction of the branch line to the Manchester Ship Gina! from Weaste, the Chairman remarked it would dhow to the Shin Canal authorities that they wr:re not opposed to their undertaking, but that they Wished to work in with them as well as they, possibly could to the mutual advantage of both. A dividend at the rate of 5* percent. was declared.

Total 24

total 214

SIB1311?ItT'A TOPIC. Is the finsst preparation known for training up end strengthening the system, imparts colour to ths choeus, brightness to the eyes. elasticity to the step and enables otit to thoroughly appreciate the joy of living. For tummies, sick headache, mental depression, indigestion, fistu'encv, constipation and low spirits, similar bilious and nervous dis- orders and all aches and pains this tonic is a positive cure, it restores and revives exhausted nervous energy ts strength sustaining end hea,th giving. is unequaled. for brain workers. Being a genuine preparation it is one to cm- mend itself to all giving it a trial. Bottles post free, 28. 6d. and 3s.9d.—Proprietors, A. D. HARRISON & Co., 13, Drury. lane, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TRUESDAYTHE QUEEN'S SPEECE.

The real business of the first session of the new Parlia- ment was begun on Thursday. The QUEEN'S Speech was delivered by Commission in the House of Lords. It was very brief, but it contained the following references to the Chinese outrages and the Armenian massacres :—" I deeply regret to say that most atrocious outrages upon a body of English missionaries have been reported from the province of Fukien in China. In reply to earnest representations addressed to the Chinese Government by my directions, active measures, which I trust will prove effective, are being taken for the punishment of the murderers and of all persons who are in any degree responsible for these crimes. Internal troubles have broken out in the Armenian districts of Asiatic Turkey, and have been attended with horrors which have moved k'm indignation of the Christian nations of Europe gener- ally, and of my people especially. My Ambassador and the Ambassadors of the Emperor of Russia and of the President of the French Republic, acting together, have suggested to the Government of the Sultan the reforms which, in their opinion, are necessary to prevent a recurrence of constant disorder. These proposals are now being considered by His Imperial Majesty the Sultan, and I am anxiously awaiting his decision. On the subject of legislation it said :—" At this season I of the year it will probably be found more convenient to defer .to another session the consideration of any im- portant legislative measures except those which are necessary to provide for the administrative charges of the year." The Duke of Matunonorott moved and Lord AmmmiLL seconded the ad- dress of the Lords in reply to the speech. The Earl of ROSEBERY, in the course of his remark, said as to the causes of the Liberal defeat, he was not sure that the liquor qaestion had not more to do with it than either Home Rule or the House of Lords. He was still of opinion that our best hope of seeing Irish busi- ness satisfactorily carried on was by means of the Irish themselves, but he admitted that we had got to bring more conviction to the heart and mind of what he form- ally called "the predominant partner." Laoki,w at the men chosen for the new Catinet he ventured a hope that the new Government was not Indifferent to the problem of Ireland.— Lord SALISBURY in replying,said with regard to Armenia that the Government had accepted the policy that their predecessors initiated. They had not yet succeeded in obtaining adequate guarantees for the execution of the Promised reforms by the Porte, and it was to that ob- ject that their efforts would be directed. Lord SALIS- BURY added : If generation after generation, cries of misery come up from various parts of the Turkish Em- pire, I RBI sure the SULTAN cannot blind himself to the probability that Europe will some time or other become weary of the appeals that are made to it, and the facti- tious strength that is given to his Empire will fail it. I have earnestly tried to impress upon the Turkish Government the extreme gravity of the line of conduct which it has pursued."

In the House of Commons, after the return of the Speaker and other members from the Heuse of Lords, where they had heard the QUEEN'S Speech read, the Arromssy GENERAL moved that a copy of the conviction of Mr. JOHN DALY (now in Portland prison), who was returned at the general election for Limerick, be laid before the House, along with other papers relating there- to. Mr. J. REDMOND protested against the decision of the electors of Limerick being overridden, but the motion was carried by 314 to 77. The ATTORNEY GENERAL moved that the documents be taken into con- sideration on Monday, and this was agreed to. The Address to the Throne in reply tc the QUEEN'S Speech was moved by Mr. T. W. LEGH. who admitted at thp outset that Her Majesty's Speech "had very little in it." He said he believed that the moral of the general election was that people were less anxious for legislative changes than they were supposed to be, and that what they were above all anxious for was good, sound, practical administration.— Mr. T. H. ROBERTSON seconded the Address Sir W. HARCOURT said he hoped there :would be no fal- tering on the part of the Government of this country in insisting that reforms in Armenia should be effvtually carried out. Mr. BALFOUR replying to the request of Sir W. FlAncouar for information as to legislation, the right hon. gentleman said that land legislation for Ire- land must undoubtedly be brought forward next session, and when next the QUEEN'S Speech was read it would be their duty to lay before the House a substantive pro- gramme of legislation. Mr. J. REDMOND moved an amendment to the Address cAling for a Government de- claration of nolley on the Home Rule and Irish land question. Mr. DILLON Slid the feeling in Ireland in these matters remained unchanged. Mr. G. BALFOUR said the attitude of the Government on the question of Home Rule was one of unchanging and inflexible opposition. The Land Bill introduced in the spring of next year would he in sufficient time to prevent any tenant suffer- ing any possible hardship. The debate was adjourned at midnight. A few minutes previously Dr. TANNER was suspended for disorderly conduct.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BT OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The Runcorn Volunteers who form part of the 2n4 Bari of Chester's Regiment are to be congratu- lated upon the way they conducted themselves during the recent encampment at Blackpool. Not only did they secure an excellent character for good behaviour, but they also succeeded in carry off all the prizes offered for competition to the battalion. with one single exception. This should surely he highly satisfactory to all concerend. Another pleasing feature of the encampment was the" very good report of the Inspector, which went to prove that the men are well acquainted with their duties. Judging by the appearance of the Volunteers on their return home on Saturday, I one was led to believe that the week's camping out had been beneficial to them, and it is questionable whether a great number of them would have had the-benefit of a week at the seseide, had it not been for their connection with the Volunteers.

Well done Runcorn Cycle Club I To raise £4O for two Pu eh deserving institutions as the Run- cern District. Nursing Fund and the National Lifeboat Institution is no mean accomplish- ment and well deserves recognition. Every- thing tended to the success of the Lantern Parade, which, as everyone knows, was the means of raising the sum mentioned. The weather was ideal, and the ptpceodings were carried through without the slightest hitch. The object of all con- nected with it wee the success of the exhibition, and tb. t they were sircssful, was generally admitted. The display was far superior to its predecessor, last year, but on that occasion the elements were against. it. The collections too, Are nearly double, and with such a gratifying result, it is to be hoped that the Cycle Club will be encour- aged to make it an annual affair.

Very shortly. end that within the next few weeks, the new Technical Institute at Runcorn is to. be formally opened. The work of fitting no and furnishing the various rooms is now completed.and it may be here mentioned that Mr. Welding who has superintended the erection of the building has introdueed runny imnrovements of his own, which redound greatly to his credit. No money has been spared to make the institute n model one, and what is now wanted is the active co-operation of the inhabitants of Runcorn in making it a busy and useful home ot technical instruction.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PICNICS FROM RUNCORN.

• Mr. Patker's adult Bibli Class connected with Cam- den Wesleyan Sunday school, numbering about 30, bad an outing to Helsby on Saturday. They proceeded in waggonettes and greatly appreciated the drive. After rambling about the hills they partook of tea. The home- ward journey was shortly afterwards commenced, and was safely completed.—On Monday the members of Camden Wesles an ch:iir proceeded to LI ndudno, in company with the choirmaster, Mr. Tittle. Dinner and tea were served at one of the hotels. In the afternoon they drove round the Great Orme's Head. Fine weather prevailed and the outing w4s thoroughly enjoyed. A picnic in connection with Mrs. Morris's sewing class at Camden Wesleyan school took place on Tuesday I afternoon when about 40 members journeyed in a wag- gonette to Chester. Alter visiting places of interest in that ancient city they departed for Eccleston Ferry. After tea, provided by Mrs. Morris, a visit was paid to the Duke of Westininster's Park. The party afterwards returned to Chester where the waggonette was waiting them tor the return home. Theßtincorn Parish Church choir had their annual trip on Saturday when they proceeded to Rhyl. The torenoon was spent in various ways at Rhyl, and in the afternoon a drive was taken to St. Asaph Cathedral. Satisfac'ory arrangements were made tor the trip,which was a most enjoyahle one, by Mr. Clare.—On Monday afternoon there were two Sunday school picnics from Runcorn to Fredsham. Those connected with the Elles- mere-sr. United Methodist Free Church Sunday school, numbering over 200, had their annual trip on Monday afternoon. The time was pleasmtly spent on Overton Hills, and teawag pieed.kea of at Mersey Vw.—About 50 children connectal with the Gospel Union Mission also had their annuOtreat on NI) nday, having, a most enjoyable outing to evertom—Hoth parties safely reached Runcorn again about nine o'clock.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
T 3 BE SOLD Cheap (private treaty). fo ir excellent new COTTAGHS ha Athol-street, Barlestown.—Apply WAVrox. Market street, Barlestswa.

WHIHILWRIGHT and SMITH'S BUSINHSS on Sak VI eettiolished over 23 years. gra..ol opening for 123-se shoer, near Ship Canal, Allanchester.—App y 258, Chesaer- road, Manchester.

WARTBD respectable GIRL or young General, in faintly of three. state wagel.—Ms. AItIISDEE., Leigh Arenu-i,_ liarple, Cheshire.

QENBRAL WANTBD for Bolton, able to cook ; 3 in family, no washing, good reference!. —Apply by letter, L.G., 195, Derby-street. Bolton.

A NTIQUE BU3INIISS for Disposal, owing to ill-health, 21 with high-claJe connection ; suwessfully carriel on for 36 years by WALTER SORRELL, Woo ihoose-lane,Leeds,

WANTED. COOK-GENERAL, where housemaid is kept, must have good reference.—Address, HARTLEY. Prospect Hill, Smedley lane, M mchester.

WANTED Situation as GARDBNBR, singl,-handad with helps ; good eaperleueein glass; age 2S ; F.S Bishtau Gardens. Wolseley Bridge, Stafford.

r AKB DlSTRlCT.—Oomfortable APARTMBNTS TO 88, LT;Li lovely neighbourhood; near lace; fishing.— Address, Mrs. ROBMON, The Bridge, Newlauds. K-swielc.

OOD steady By COB. 14 hands, pe. fectly qu et.; has lX been ridden and driven by la iy ; also good service iblo Alexandra Drag, fitted with Collings patent axles, and Set of Silver-mounted Harness; together or sepamtely. No dea:era, —.364. New Chester-road, Bock Ferry BIRKENIIRAD.

CRT HORS% 7 ynare, 16 hands, clean legged, born in Wales, good worker in all kiudi ot w.irk tynd warranted sound, one monttia trialallowent in gat t hands free of cha,ge, £22 16.— CONWAY-STREET. Seafortb, Liverpool.

lopi LACK POOL.—APARTM comf vtably furnished. A) two large sitting, two dousl, -bedded rooms, 13413. h.and c., good cooking, close t 3 Dowry, Hazel- dene. Benson-lane, South Shore.

THEATRE ROYAL & OPERA HOUSE, BT. HELENS.

SOLE PROPRIETOR AND MANAGER (also LIDNIEE of Theatre Royal, Aeflieid, and Theatre Royal, Leicester) Mr. WALLACE REVILL. ACTING SIANAG ER AND TRNASUttaIt :.Mr.RICHARDSOARR. MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1895, FOR SIX NIGHTS ONLY, R. WILSON BARRETT The eminent Author-Actor and his OICLEBNATED COMPANY.

F rst Appearance in S. Helens since his sth Success.

fu l American Tour. ON MONDAY AND SATURDAY, AUGUST 10 AND 24, AT 7.30, The Original Play, in a Pr4logue and Three Acts, entitled : CLAUDIA N. •

ON TUESDAY AND THURsDAY, -AUGUST 20 AND

n, AT 730 The Original Drama, In Five Acts. entitled i— f-, BE N - Y AIREE (GIRL OF MY HEART). Adspted from Hall Caine's celebralel Novel, "The Deemster," by Hall Caine and Wilson Barrett. ON IVEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY. AUGUST 21 AND _ _ _

2.5. AT 7.30.

lir Wllsm thrrett's Latest ant greeest Sucre—Vag

AIANXMAN

Dramstised by Wilson Bsrrett from Mal Caine's famous Novel of the same RAMO.

Owing to the linermons ISxp?use attache t to Mr. Wilson Barrett's Visit, the Prices of Admission wilt be the same as nit form.r. ozot6ians, iz. :—Privat‘ £3 ma,s. £2 26., an ; £1 Us. ; Dress Circle, 55. (First Row Dr sss),Orchrssra qt ails. 3s. ; Upper Circle, Es.; ',Wire Pit. la. ; Amphitheatre. 9J; Ciallery, 6d. Half-price a, 9 fief, e's to all parts. Amphitheatre and Gansu xeepted

_ . EARLY DOORS open at 8.30, Saturdays 6 o'clock, 3d„ extra, to Gallery and Amphitbettm and 61. extra t all other parts ot Theatre.

Plan of Dre3s Circ and Stalls mav be seen and S lats booked at the Theatre only. between the hours ot 11 and 3 each day.

Doors open at 7 o'clock ; Performawe to commence ac 7.3) prompt. Satu.kiays her•ae-heer eirl el%

_ _ _ ....... N COpflitNotiT-DOmNtli;ll.lllslov4E TY D,1T5E:...K.1 AL AND 8, C tf KOH-STRRHT, RUNCORN.. TOE SPECIAL MEETING for the REVISION OF' BULBS Will be held in the PUBLiC HALL, RUNCORN, ON TURiDAY, A1R31.14C 20rg. CHAIR TO B 8 TAK EN. AT 7 OYLOCIL PROMPT.

RUN COLO', CO- oP [4: KATIVE SOCIETY, LIMITED.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES MEMBERS AND SEPARATION.

On Thursday evening a meeting of Widnes members , connected with the Runcorn Co-operative Society,. Limited, was held in St. raul's Chambers, fer the pur- pose of considering questions affeetine, the Widnes mem- bers. Mr. Hughes was voted to the cnair, arid Mr. W. Wiliart was appointed secretary pro tem.—The Chairman said he felt very keenly the way iu which the Runcorn members bad treated and intended to treat the Widnes members. As one of the Revision Committee he coup. assure them they had a strong battle over the new rutile, t With them it was not a matter of W:dces v. Runcorn, e but how they could secure the interests of the society at large. (Hear, hear.) It, was in that spirit that they tried to frame the new rules, and while they were doing their utmost they heard many rep .rts, which had only, proved too true, that there was a body of members In Runcorn framing rules of their own, and that when the Revising Committee had finished their work it would . count as nothiea, because the rules they had framed would be thrown en one side, and the rules that had been arranged by the few members in Runcorn were to be taken instead. Be now thought Um it was time that, they in Widnes made some move towards separating from the Runcorn Society. The business :or the night was to make some arrangements for the future. Mr. A. Lloyd suggested that the principal revised rules should be read and contrasted with the old rues.—Mr. Willan read the old ruled, the main points being, with regard to the election of officers, that in future the board of directors, twelve in number, should be elected by ballot, three to be elected at each half-yearly meeting. Nominations were to be sent in (to any of the branches) • one month before the half-yearly meetingeand the vc•ting was to take place on a given day between the hours of a.m. and 9p.m., ballot boxes to be provided at each of the stores for the reception of the voting papers. Another rile stated that no member be allowed to be a director who had a blood relation in the employ, of the Society. Several members remaiked that the system of • voting proposed by the new rules was very much better ' than the system now in vogue; Mr. Poulsen observing that there was so much rowdyism at the half-yearly meetings now that the people did not know who they were voting fore—The Chairman : And no gentleman. can make an electioneering speech under the new rule. (Hear, Isear.)—Mr. Poulson said the were the point' * that the Runcorn committee trim takeen moth exception to. The question was, should they have a game of their own or should they go on indefinitely submitting to such. treatment as they had hitherto ieceived. They should ascertain whether they had any share, in the capital of the society and whether, if they left the society, could they secure their shere :lit; or, if not, should they leave the society and leave the Runcorn members the accumu- lated profits P Should they form a small committee to consider the wayis and means for separation P—Mr. Clarke thought time time bad come when they ouelit be start upon their own footing. The Runcorn members would not give them [airplay ; sod anyone who looked at the balance-sheet would see that Runcorn wasp:Mg down and Widnes was going up. He proposed that committee be formed —Mr. Shuttleworth thought they had better try and see if they could get • I some concessions from tke Runcorn rinemeersA be- fore starting a fresh society.—Mr. Willan said that some years ago a branch left the Dewsbury I society and tney took over their branch preittises. —Mr. Lloyd took it that those places were similar)/ situ- ated to Runcorn and Widnes. —Mr. Willan : Yea. The • reserve fund of their society belonged quee as much tO- ' the Widnes members as the -Rtincorn members, and they were entitled to their shies of Callow fillUes` ed. that a deputation be eppeieted to wait upon those at tint '• other side of the water and diemeas the matter. It they could get ne satisfaction then they knew what to doe He felt sure that if the matter w.•re put clearly diefors ' the Runcorn mem tiers a better uederstanding would be • • come to.—Mr. H .den thought they ought to- hold another meeting of Wiiinee members and advertise it. IMr. Lloyd seconded Mr. Hodeeres inotion.—Mie,Poulson ' suggested ti .t a ceininittee be appointed to consider ' their legel posit;ii with regard to separation; and to consult ibis Chief' Ih-zee:nor of Friendly Societies on that ' point.—On the mu inn of Mr. Ciarke, seconded by Mr.- Hodgen, it was (keitied to appoint a committee for that • purpose.—me. nintson 'propostd that Messrs. Clarke. ' Willan, iluilies, Lloyd, Callow, Desti and Ceeier Congtl. tute the c• nirnittee.—The motion was seeonded and carried. -On the metion of Mr. Callow and Mr. Poulson - it was decided to urge all Widnes members to*attend the)... • meetint at Riineorn for the revision of the rules; and arraneenierite having been made for callidt another, aneetine crie prial-eilings terminated. As a iil to• seen i p.m an inivertiseinent, the meeting foe' • . the revision of rub s will be held at Runcern 00- Tuesday' )' • neXt. • —tine A Succes-ecre Cuoarstea.—At tee usual ;services laiesei . in the be teem ehiirrn schoolroom on Sunday. Master,,. Harry Armit.iire treble soloist of Lincoln Cethedral, cott7.: tributeil a solo at each service. In the morning he setig "Oh rest in the Lord" • from Elijah, and at the evening service lie gave Mendelssolnee celebrated '• Hesr.n.y Prayer." his rendition of them was a treat to listeu tu, and was greatly appreciated by the congregations: •

I

I

AMMINOMINNI

A. ;

-;

WHERE TO GO FOR ItIY HOLIDAYS This is a question which is now occupying the atten tion of hundreds of our readers. Now the various health resorts of the British Islands, as well as the Con- tinent, will be shortly flocked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to ? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from my holiday ? Now, any exp, rienced medical man will tell you tha a course of some suitable tonic medicine taken during I the change will double the beneficial effects of the holi- day. The appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- similating powers of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system will be strengthened, the blood will be purified, and the indispensable "tone "regained by the system, much more certarnly and effectually by such a. course of medicine taken during the holiday alone or by the medicine alone. Each helPltheother' and the e-ex-

. . perfe---nced in these matters always take nom togetner. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice of your tonic. Many so-called remedies are absolutely injurious. There, is, however, one which long and uni- versal experience proves to be absolutely trustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-known preparation known as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. WHAT ARE ITS EFFECTS? 1. It assists and promotes Digestion. 2. It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It removes all Obstructions and Impurities from the human body. 6. It gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations! See the name of " Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MAN UFACT U RING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

===== 0002601_18950817_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

TEE "MODEL LODGING HOUSE" LICENSEE R 4 TROUBLE. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, yesterday, before Alderman Harrison, Alderman Wright, and Coun- cillor Roberts, Alfred Brouchemite was charged with having on the 2nd August, being the keeper of a lodging house, failed to remove solid and liquid filth before nine o'clock; he was also charged with not causing the floors and rooms and passages to be swept, and with not keep- ing the bedding and bed-clothes clean.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.—lnspector Norman stated that de- fendant was a common lodging-house keeper and kept the "Model Lodging House," Friars Green. On the morning in question about 11 o'clock witness visited defendant's premises and found the stairs and rooms very dirty. The utensils were not then emptied in accordance with the bye-laws. The bedding was dirty and there were only two clean beds out of the lot. Two deputies were in char,..se and they were asked about the offences and they said they could not get the clothes washed. A slopstone at the top of one of the landings down which the filth was poured emitted an abominable stench.—Assistant Inspector Powell corroborated. The defendant said he was not the keeper of the house and bad not been for a month, as it was in the hands of the mortgagee. He was not owner of the pronerty.—Mr. Norman said that the license was in Mr. Brouchemite's name:and he was therefore responsiole.—The bench fined defendant 108. and costs in each case and gave him a week to pay it in. Mr. Norman then made application to the magistrates for the license to be cancelled as the place was unfit tor lodgers. The licence was concelled. A LIVELY CIEARACTER.—SCENE IN COURT. On Monday morning at the Warrington Borough Police Court, Michael Cunningham, 38,James-st.,aod Elizabeth Ellen Fleming, Brick-St., a ticket-of-leave convict, were charged with frequenting Cockhedge-lane with felonious intent on Sattsrday night ; they were further charged with assaulting John Towey at the same time and place. —Fleming pleaded guilty.—John Towey stated that he was coming down Cockhedge-lane on Sunday night with his brother, when someone shouted and the female prisoner who was close by blamed him and ran at him and struck him.—His brother added, in corroborating, that Cunningham administered the kick which he had received.—Mr.flunt mentioned to the Bench that on the 9th March, 1893, the two defendants stood before the magistrates on a charge of robbery wi h violence and the evidence not being so conclusive against the male prisoner he was com• mitted for three months while Fleming was sent to the Assizes and sentenced to three years penal servitude. She was discharged on the 29th May this year on ticket- of-leave aod had to report herself monthly until March, 1896. She was sent to Cockhedge factory a short time ago in the hope that she would reform, and for some time she remained steady but of late had drifted into her old ways again. The two of them had got together again•and they were about the streets at night and were dangerous characters. He asked that the woman might be sent back to serve her time. They could very well spare her. Ihe magistrates adopted this course with regard to Fleming and she was being conducted out of Court when she rushed at Towey and screaming out a volume of oaths attempted to assault him but after a struggle with several of the police she was conducted to the cells, making use of foul language all the time.— Cunningham was sent to goal for two months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. WElDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Aid man Wright. Councillor Roberts,and Mr. S. Wright.T- DAMAGE TO PROPERTY—Isaac Kiosey (17), 21, School- brow, Thomas Potts (16), 2, Spencer's-yard, John Hart (16), 4, Oliver-St., and Thomas Smith (14), 8, Chorley- St., were all charged with having on the sth August committed wilful damage to windows and frames at 1, School-brow, on the property of Edward Shippey.— All pleaded guilty. Two lads, England Lester and Thomas Lemas,ideposed to seeing Potts, Kinsey,and Hart throw. ing, Potts having broken a window frame. P.C. Clark stated that he Saw the damage which had been done and afterwards, from information reported the defend- ants. There had been lately window-panel; broken to the extent of 16a.—The magistrates ordered Potts to pay the amount of damage done, and Hart and Kinsey were fined is and costs each. Smith was dismissed. UNMERCIFULLY THRASHING A HORSE —John Hickey, Heath Side,was charged with having cru-lly illtreated a horse an the 1901 July.—John Hayes stated that the horse was at the barracks on the day in question with a load of timber. The horse was stuck with the load and defendant took up a whip and lashed it on the chest, drawing blood.—Sergeant Major Day and Colour-Serg- eant Beale stated that the defendant struck the horse so unmercifully that the blood spurted from the wounds in its chert —Defendant, ' it was stated, had no right to strike the animal as he was not in the employ of the owner of the horse.—The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 10s. and e,osts or 14 days' hard labour. ASSAULT CASSS.—Themam Roberts, Refuge-square,was charged with assaulting and beating Phcebe Burton, 62, Pierpoint-st,on the 4th August. —Complainant stated that defendant seized hold of her on the night cf the 4th inst. and struck her.—Mr. Forshaw appeared for defend- ant who was fined is. and costs. John Keenan, 44 Dial-St., was charged with assaulting and beating Elizabeth Keenan, his wife, on the sth August.—Mr. Browne represented the defendant. —Mrs. Keenan stated that on Monday night she went for her husband who was in the "Old Crow" and asked him to come nut. Re would not and she threatened to break the winoows it he was not turned out. Be then ran at her and struck her and she broke one of the windows. She stated that her husband neglected her and got drunk.-Mr. Browne said that this was a case of a man trembled with a drunken wife.—Councillor Roberts Are you preipared to prove that Mr. Browne—she doesn't look Brovne said he could, and continued his case, addirittemaielrfendant had given orders at the e. Old Ceeaw Cori-his wife not •to he served. When she: came nerheenightthi question:she flow at him and seized him bviethesSearfi•and •whenithey struggled the landlord turned.there-out.a—Mri Mather, the landlord, said that complainant` when-she came in was drunk, and a servant of his pert -tss3s statement.—Other witnesses and the pollee reated;that they knew of nothing about the womarths intemyreiliarme, and they did not think she was addictfi ;M drinkfi•e—Constable Hollingsworth was sent for, he ilvekvinraipprehended the woman when she broke the wiridove,toepeek Rate her cneditirm. On his appear- ance lie.f,sajd that the woman•igave herself up to him and ehe.Ware'iloher. When broorht to the Pollee Station the in Afernissed her. She nromieed to pay for the wierdow.—nemiagiatrates t hove fit the defendant had had no provocation to coternit the assault, and Mr. Tavlortproiniaineh look after the cage, the magistrates bound defendant:Osier tOkeep the peace for Six months. SArtntnev.—Before Mr. J.. Burgess and Mr. S. Wrieht. ANOTHER SEOP-DOOR,THEFT.-2SSrAh Loneshaw (12), 31, Ashton-et: Tail-charged with stealing from the shop doorief th‘ Wifiteldk-sit. Boot Co., on Friday, two pairs of button lacieitifvalue Ts., their property.—Defordant pleadedlgu:iltr.Fe=7.le:' abut, chief -constable, stated that "We cornlilidiaer **the' manager of what was kaown tal.Ke WillAfirck-st Boot Compimr, 37, Winwick-- st., and tialiphielosio( ThOnla Perks. —On Friday abont: 11 o'clock he Abeeteed thn'tWid bete ryPiihrtots nrnduced,'• hanging outside the shop, and shortly afterwards missed them. The matter was reported to Detective S-rg.,ant Monaghan who in the course of his enquiries called at Mr. Jackson's pawnshop and there foand the two pairs

of boots pledged respectively for 23. 6d. and 2s. They were in separate parcels and were supposed to belong to different persons. From the shop Monaghan learnt that the defendant had pa vi ned them and that she was a fre- quent customer. He proceeded to 31, Ashton-st., and saw the defendant who admitted the their, and said she had spent the proceeds in sweets.—Corroborative evi- dence having been given a convistion was recorded against the defendant who was dismissed with a caution. —Mr. Burgess expressed his disapproval of the practice adopted by shopkeepers of hanging their goods within the reach of children and other people, and he furthee thought that it had a great deal to do with brinzing about the offence with which they had to deal that morning. MONDAL—Before the Mayor (chairman), and Mr. J. W.

Hayward. AN OFF-LICENSE CHANGE.—George Parr was granted the transfer to himself of the off-license, Pinner's Brow, from John Merry Beacon. AN OLD HAND AND AN OLDER OFFENCE.—JuIia Ann Shields, Pilling's Court, Dial-street, was charged with being drunk and refusing to quit the " Old Crow," Fennell-street, on Saturday night; she was further charged with wilfully breaking jugs and glasses to the value of is. 6d. at the same time and place.—P.C. Clough deposed that on the night in question he was passing by the "Old Crow" when he heard a great noise within and looking through the window saw the prisoner drunk and acting in a violent manner. He went in and drew the landlord's attention to her condi- tion, and he said she had come in drunk and she refused to go out. At this moment the prisoner commenced breaking the glasses and throwing them alsout. Assist- ance was procured and she was locked up.—Mr. Mather (landlord) and Mr. Hunt both testified to the nuisance prisoner was to the neighbourhood and especially to the "Old Crow" when she was oat of prison.—The magis- trates committed her to gaol for one month on each charge. "A BIRD OF PAssAGE."—Margaret Grocott,no address, an elderly woman, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-st. on Saturday night.—P.C. Corbett supported the Charge.and stated that defendant had srrashed the glesses at the "Rodney."—Mr. Hunt mentioned that she was not known in Warrington and was evidently " a bird of passage." Oa promising to leave the town she was dismissed. Derma AND DISORDERLY.—John Murphy and John Hansbury, Sankey, were, on the evidence of P.C. Bruen fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-st. on Sunday morning; Richard Morgan, 51,1 Green-st. for the same effence was ordered to pay 10s. to the poor bc.x ; James Hennessy, 7 Cropper's-hrow,for committing the same offence in Horsemarket-st. on the sth August was fined 2s. 6d. including costs. DISORDERLY CONDUCT BY YOUNG WolitEx.—Maggie Oakes (19), Pinshop-yard ; Jane Green (16), 31 Victoria- et. ; Margaret Stokes (18), 21 Leicester-at., and Agnes Heaton (17), 14, Stephenson-st., were all charged with committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Orford Avenue on the Ist of August.—P.C. Hollingworth stated that the defendants were behaving in a disorderly manner with two soldiers on the date named and there had been many complaints about their conduct. Heaton was sent to a home," and Green and Stokes were dis- missed while a warrant was issued against Oakes, who did not appear. STREET PUGILISM.—James Quigley, 25, Naylor-street, and Lawrence Hoarty, 12, Garden Row. were bound over to keep the peace for six months in consequence of their having broken it by fighting in Orford-street on the 3rd inst. FURIOUS DRIVING.—Joseph Hurst, Of. George-street, Wigan, was fined 53. and costs (21), for having driven furiously down Horsemarket-street on the s:h inst. ; Harry Grindley, boy, 4, Egerton Terrace, Latchford, for the same offence in Knutsford-road on the Bth kugust, was fined is. OBSTRucTioN.—William Parkinson, corn dealer, B utter- market-street,was ordered to pay the costs of a summons issued against him for having on the let of August allowed a harry to remain in Buttermarket-street longer than was necessary for loading and unloading.—F.C. -Hardy stated that the lorry was in feont of defendant's premises from 10 20 to 11.10 on the morning ,A the day in question. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and

Councillor H. Roberts. Datum( AND DISORDSRLY.—John Harrison, 69 Butter- market-street, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Florsemarket-street at 7.20 p.m. on Monday, the 12th inst.—Detective-Sergeant Monaghan proved the case and defendant who was a native of Wigas was dis- missed onlpromising to return home. WEDNESDAL—Before Mr. J. Geddes (chairman), and Mr.

J. H. Fleming. A CIIARGE WITERERAWN.—Jahn William Travis,a youth with a bad record, was charged on a warrant with assaulting and beating his mother, Mary Travis, on the 31st M.y.—The complainant withdrew the charge expressing her faith in defendant's promises of reform. He was then discharged.

TISIIIIIDAT.—Before the Mayor (Councillor James Fair- clough) in .the chair, Alderman Sutton and Lieutenant

- , Colonel Ridgway. A PROFESSIONAL BEGGAR SENT TO GAOL.—Frederick Riley, a one-armed sailor, described as a professional beggar, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in the Market-place on Wednesday night ; he was further charged with being found in possession of a toy clock.—DetEctive-Sergeant Monaghan stated that he saw the prisoner drunk on Wednesday night in the Market-place and offering the clock for sale. Ile put the clock in his pocket on witneAs's appearance. Wit- ness went to prisoner and asked bin what he had got, whereupon he struck at witness.—P.C. Amson came up and gave assistance, and prisoner who was using most abusive language, was conveyed to the police station and locked up.—The magistrates sent him to goal for 14 days' hard labour.

RUNCORN PE fir SESSIONS MONDAT.—Bef ore Sir Richard Brrinke (chairman), Messrs.

T. Rigby and S. Taylor. THE THEATRR.—Mr. Caddick applied for, and was granted, a rent wal of the license of the Theatre Royal, Runcorn. No objection was raised. TRANSFER OF LICENSE.—The license of the Ferry Hotel, Church-street, Runenrn, was transferred from Francis Barker to :Tattles Hughes Percival. CASE WITHDRAW:S.—I° the case of Peter Coyle. and Ann C• Yle, of ‘Ve4on, where there was crnss-summons for assault, and in which Mr. Burton, solicitor, Runcorn, and Mr. F. Turner, solicitor, Chester, appeared, the magistrates consented to a withdrawal on the application of bo"h parties OBSTRUCTING TAR FOOTPATH.—Robert Ludgate, Thos. Jones, Chines Cllff, Maggie Dutton. Sarah Flonghton, Elizabeth Ashcroft,. all belonging to Runcorn.aorl whose ages ranged from 12 to 14 yeamwere charged with hav- ing on the 27th July at Runcorn, unlawfully obstructed the Highway in High-st by loitering thereon.' D-fendants pleaded guilty.—P.C. Gregory, who proved the ease, stated that he had warned the children time after time hut it was of no avail. They had had many complaints. Each dofpnriant was fined the costs. AN EXPENSIVE HlDE—Chines Johnson, Cooper-street, Runcorn.was summoned for fitriously riding a bicycle at Runcorn.—P.O. Booth stated that he FWV the defendant travelling at the rata nf about 17 nr 18 miles an hour in High-sr.—A fine of 10s. and 8.. 83. costs was imposed. CART Wramorrr A NAME hawker named John IMcElroy, of Warrington, was summined for having in use a cart without his name attaritied.—P.C. Richardson proved the charge, and a fine of 54. and emits was inflicted. Defendant said lie would not pay 53. and he was then taken to the cells. A WOMAN'S QUARREL —Emma Duckett was sum- moned at the instance of Annie Ashure, charged with assaulting her, and Duckett issned a summons against Ashurst for beating Cornelius Duckett, 5 years of age. In her evidence Aahurat admitted striking the child Duckett, hut it was for beating her own son. Mrs. Duckett then came up to her and struck her in the ear, breaking her ear-rings.—The magistrates considered it i was a case of six of one and half-a-dozen of another, and dismissed it. ASSAULT Osl A WOMAN.--WilliaM Rohinftnn, a hnatmin, was summoned for assaulting Isabella his sister- in-law, on the 26th July.—The defendant said he was greatly aggravated by the complainant. Tie intended ra push her away, but ha accidentally struck her with his , open hand.—He was fined 53. and costs. A ROT'S FREAK.—A4pinall Brown, 1.4 years of eV., was charged with having on the 7th inst. cruelly ill-treated a pony.—John Hulse, owner of the pony, said he was uncle to the defendant. On the date named the pony was sent out in chat ge of a lad. It was stopped by the defendant, who kicked it. It was not the first time ho had done it, and he had been warned several times.— Evidence was also given by a lad, who was in charge of the Ponv at the time, and who stated that the defendant kicked it in the belly.—Defendant stated that he only struck the animal with hie hand.--Re was admonished by the magistrates and fined the costs. AN OLD OFFENDER.—Mary Ann Glover, of MarSPF- "pa re, who has made numerous appearances before the magistrates, was charge with using nbacene and profane language in Mersey-street an the 28. h July. She admitted swearing at her husband, and said she had good reason for it. On being fined 10s. and costs, she used several threats to P.C. Gregory who had stated the case. As she was unable to pay the fine she was sent to gaol for fourteen days.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATUNDAY.—BeforeMPSATS. T. J. Gillesnie (Chairtuqn) J. W. Emmett, C. B. F. Borron, and S. S. Brown. ASSAULT ON A GlRL.—Thomas Wnreis, a butcher. of Golhorne, was fined 10s. and costs for nommittine an assault upon a girl named Scully, aged 14 rears, on July 21st. Mr. R. Stuart prosecuted, and Mr.. Percy Davies defended. DISORACEFUL notatotr OF FAMILY—James and Annie Jackson, 54, Twenty•eight•row, flaydock-lane. Anydock were charged with neglecting their six children on July 31st and divers other dates during the past six months. Mr. J. W. Knowles appeared on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. Inspector McAteer said that on the above date he and P.C.Thiihron went to the defendant's house and found it in a, wretched condition. The children were covered with vermin and were insufficiently clad, and shoeless. The children were of ages ranging from 15 months to 14

years, and they appeared as though they had not been , washed for a long time. When questioned concerning the filthiness of the children, the female defendant re- plied that they were washed every week. The only furniture there was in the house was an old sofa, a chair, a broken bible, and a rickety be ;stead, the latter of which was cower d with some old sacking in a very insanitary condition. The house was unfit for a human being to live in. Witness had learned from the male de- fendant's employers, Messrs. R: Evans and Co., that his average earnings were £3 6e. per week, so that he earned suifi:iient to keep his home respectable.P.C. Thubron gave similar evidence and Dr. Roisiter, of Ray- dock, also gave evidence which showed the wretched condition under which the defendants and their children lived.—Mr. Knowles asked for a very severe punishment to be meted out to the defendants,whom he described as being worse than the beasts of the field for the latter did keep their young clean.—The defendants said that al- though their children were dirty,they were well fed mind expressed their sorrow at the condition in which they were found.—The magistrates retired to consider their decision, and on returning into the Court, Mr. Gillespie said that the case was a shocking one, and defendants would have to go to gaol for one month with hard , labour, the children in the meantime to bo taken to the Workhouse for maintenance.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1895.

MARRIAGE OF MR. A. D. SMITH AND

MISS CAVANAGH.

A very interesting event, locally, took place on Satur- day morning at ten o'clock, at St. Alban's Church, Bewsey-street, Warrington, when Miss Frances Mary Cavanagh, daughter of Mr. George James Cavanagh. of Horsemarket-street, and 83 Bewsey-street, WAS united in marriage to Mr. Alfred D. Smith, the head master of Trinity Board School, Shrewsbury. Miss Cavan igh was a member of the choir at St. Alban's Church, and as a singer she was very much in request in the town. She had also a good class in dancing and calisthenics for i a number of years. The clergy of St. Alban's the Revs. 1 Fathers Firth, Cody, and Craven have shown their ap- preciation of her services to the church,by presenting her with a very valuable writing desk,and the choir also pre- sented her with a handsome silver eggstand with spoons. Mr. Smith,the bridegroom,has held the position of bead- master at Shrewsbury Board School for ten years, and last week,a gathering of the teachers in connection with the school was held, when Mr. Smith was the recipient of congratulations and testimonials on the occasion of I his marriage. A presentation, which was made to him, took the form of a very handsome set of carvers, and I Mr. R. J. Howell, the ssnior assistant of the school, in making the presentation, spoke in very flattering term, of Mr. Smith's e.onnection with the school and his work during the past decade. He also spoke of ths esteem in which Mr. Smith was de;ervedly held by the parents of the children, and by the general body of the inhabitants of the distsict. as well as his popularity among his fel- low-teachers in the town, and lie (Mr. Howell) offered on behalf of the sub,cribers to the testimonial their most cordial congratulations to Mr, .Rinith on this interesting occasion.—Mr. Smith, in reply; expressed gratitude for I the kindness, mad the great pleasure to feel that his an. deavours to be of service had not been unappreciated by those whose esteem and good. will had been molt preci- ous to him. The toys attending the school also made ' a presentation of an aneroid barometer to Mr. Smith. At the ceremony on Saturday Morning, the otfieiating clergyman was the Rev. Father Cody. Ihe wedding party were driven to the church in two coaches and greys. The bride WAS tastefully attired in grey and creme silk dress and white hat, trimmed with ostrich feathers. I here were three bridesmaids, Miss Joanna Minog,ue, Miss Maggie Minogue, and Miss Agnes Stirrup, and they were attired in grey and green dresses with hats to match. The groomsman WAS Mr. Joseph William Cavanagh, the brother of the bride. After the conclus- ion of the interestiag cnremony, the organist. Mr, John Caldwell, played the well-known" Wedding March," as the party left the church. The wedding breakfast was held in the music room at the house of the bride, and there was a large number of friends present, including the Revs. Father Firth and Father Cody. During the course of the breakfast, the Rev. Father Firth rose and thanked Miss Cavaiiao.h for her many years service in the choir at St. Alban's and expressed his sorrow that she was leaving, although he congratulated her upon her marriage. He hoped that she wonld be present at the charity sermoos to September. Father Cody also made a humorous speech. After the wedding breakfast, the happy couple left Warrington for a tea days' visit to the Lake District. _ _ _ .

A large amber of handsome presents have been re- ceived and the following are the list in addition to those mentioned above :—Four o'clock tea service, set of knives, and table linen, Mrs. Cavanagh ; set of china, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Cavanagh. Patricroft ; pair of glass and silver jam dishes and stand, Mrs. T. Morris, Bewsey Bridge ; handsome hand stitched table ninth, MOS Coil- brough ; ruby cream jug and sugar basin, Miss Agnes Stirrup set of dinner service, Miss Minogue ; tea urn, Mrs. Smith, Latchford ; bent iron tea kA.:.le, and lamp, Mrs. Pailip D )bson ; butter c -inter, Mr. and Mrs. G. Vernon; album,Mr.and Mrs. John Richardson,Roileston- street ; claret jog and glass,Mias Annie Marsh (servant) ; ruby and silver sugar basin, crumb tray, and brush,,Mrs. and the Misses Clare, Win wick-st. ; handsome pin Cushionand painted photo frame, Mrs. Efolland,Bewsey- st. ; scent jar, lady friend ; pickle dish, lady friend, &I

===== 0002601_18950817_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EUCALYPTUS -1N KITCHENS.

A few notes on that most wonderful of all trees, the fast-growing giant of the Australian fnrests,the eucalyp tus tree, is given in the " Health Messenger." Trio chemistry of its leaves and bark have of late received most careful attention at the hands of scientific fielr. and we may now safely count upon a far wider know- ledge of ite virtues spreading among all circles, says the journal. Indeed, most of us already know the eucalyp• tue characteristics as used in toilet soaps, disinfectants, and other preparation; of a similar description. But it is not so generall c understood that the eucalyptus pes- sessei really high-class disinfectant properties. Extracts from the leaves and hark, and in the form of OHg or resins, have the newer of oxidising obnoxiats and pesti- ferous substances, and by this chemical process of oxi- dation, splittinr, up the dangerous products of refuse into harmless gases, In other cases, the eucalyptus ex- tracts unite chemically or mechanically with one or more of the harmful matters, and by forming fresh com- pounds, effectually neutralise the evil effects that tnight arise from putrefaction. Thus, we ape that eucalyptus proparations are time disinfeceants, and not merely stink disguisers, as rnle too mine of the so-called dk- ' infectants prove to he. These preparations from the eucalpytus are now largely used in cempounding many of the best patent disinfectants in the market. Another valuable preperty of the eucalyptus is its antiseptic (or decay-arresting) qualities. It is found tha' If eucalyptus leaves are steeped in water, the water will remain perfectly pure and palatable for a lone time. in ;spite of exposure and heat. To a certain extent, it will also help to purify liquids tainted with organic mater. I.; has been proposed to take advantage of these qualities ; and use the extracts cr resins containing the essential oils and powerful alkaloids as disinfecting, mediums for water filtration. These extracts would 4st mixed either with the animal charcoal or earthly sponges of ordinary filters, or used as powders to be MiXel in the water, and precipitated with the impurities. Recently count Luigi Torelli, an Italian senator of some scientific attainpients, with great care carried out many ingenious experiments with eucalyptus leaves. He successfully proved th •jr remarkable powers for preserving and purifying water. He steeped a large variety .of harks and leaves in water. In some eases the additions had a bad effect, in others the water kept good for some time ; but in every case where eucalyptus leaves were used, the water remained palatable for art indefinite period. But he made other experiments which, we suspect,will prove more interest- ing to our readers, and should be of practical utility to many of our ttreign and colonial subscribers. The Count Luiei took some veal, killed during hot weather some twenty-four hours previously, and placed it in a.n open pan of water with a fox eucalyptus leaws. In a second open pan he placed more veal in water,but with- hut rucaleptus leavee or any other addition. After waiting seven•tgro ii aura, he found that the meat in the open pan with plain water tied become putrid, and communicated its impiinties to the water. Tire second open pan was next examined. The water was slightly coloured red and smelt of eucalyptus oil, tint otherwise it was perfew Iv drinkah'e and quite whraesome. The meat was quite fresh, though, of course, very pale in colour. It was cooked, and proved excellent. He next took a piece of veal which smelt rather " high." Thi, he carefully wrapped in a profusion of eunalyptus leaves and allowed to remain for three days on a plate. The leaves were then removed, they had imparted a slight odour and flavour to the meat, but, nevertheless, when duly cooked la Millanaise, it was pronounced delicious, and absolutely free from taint. Indeed,some enthusias- tic friends declared that the eucalyptus flavour was a decided improvement, ha which Count Luigi agreed, although he perhaps wis?ly adds, "de gustibus nen eat disgrutandum.''

===== 0002601_18950817_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL ELECTION.

THE LAST OF THE POLLS. The last of the polls, that for Orkney and Shetland was declared on Saturday, as follows : Sir L. Lvell (L) Mr. W. M. Fullarton (U)

Liberal majority 7Bl There is no change in the representation. The figures in 1892 were :—Sir L. Lyell (Liberal), 2,623; W. Younger (Liberhl Unionist), 1,617.

TEIE SKIN IS CONIPOSED of three layers, a nd con- tains muscles, nerves, blood-YEssels, lymphatics, sebace- ous glands, sweat glands. etc., while the hair and nails are its appendages. It is a most complicated piece of machinery, and subject, like any other organ, to health and disease. To preserve the skin, scalp and hair, and to restore them to a condition of health when diseased, nothing is so agreeable or so speedily effective as concerns SOAP, assisted in the severer forms with mild- applications of COTICITRA (ointment), the great ekin cure.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICK ET,

1 HO. G. BUSBY & CO., are the leading makers of appli- ances for Football, Hockey, Golf. Lacrosse and all Sports and Garnes,also forpymnasinm and Physical E xerela es. Illustrated tralogne my be obtained trona Local Dealers or the SPAITS MaNnFacroaY, London S.E.

ST. BARNABAS V. WELLFIELD•STREET.—rhis match was played on the ground of tlie latter and resulted in a win for St. Birnabas by five runs. ST. ANN'S V. BENVET WESLEW:S.—This match was placed on the ground of the latter and ended in a well- earned win for the visitors, the scores being—St. Ann's, 17 runs ; Bewsey Wefileyans, 7. LYAIM v, TITORNTON PICKARD.—PIayed at Lymm on [ Saturday, and resulted in a win for the homesters by three runs, the scores being—Lymm, 28 ; Thornton, 25.

, . ORFORD WHITE STAR C.C. V. BE'W'SEY WHITE STAR C.C. —This metch was placed on the ground of the latter,on Monday, and resulted. in a win for the visitors. The hornesters were far superior, both in size and age, their average age being 18 to their young opponents 12. For the visitors A. Sherrat was the must successful with the ball, and Morris (W) with the bat. Score, Orford White S:ar 42 for 7 wickets ; Bewsey White Star 36. WARRINGTON V. OLDHAM.—Like the majority of the matches which were started on Saturd Iv, the return game with Oldham, which Was played at the Water- sheddings, Oldham, Was interferred with by rain, and j no definite result arrived at. It will be remrmbered that I Warrington defeated the Oldham men, in the first en- gagement this season, winning handsomely by the large margin of two wickets and 102 runs. During the inter- val between the Warrington and Oldham innings rain began to fall slowly, and al:hough Or fielders left the ! pavilion, they were speedily compelled to seek shelter. IA long wait ensued, .cid the rain coming (lowa in tor- rents the wickef. waa soon in such a condition that play was rendered impossible,and the match was accotdingiv abandoned as a draw. Sc .ro and bowling anal sus : WARRINGTON. Bates o Wrieley b Blakey 1 Lieut. Plomer c Mills C Smith J Callon c St tpleton b Smith U Clarke c hhmsrmlsLy b Smith 2 W EL I'o,lmi:re c Blakey b Smith E Bngland c Wood b Blakey , H Hind b Smith 5 Clark b Smith 8 K L Lipman c Stapleton b Smith E Wo.,ds eetaple:on b Smith H Sharpe not out 2 Extras

Total 77 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W.

Smith CIS Blakey Langham

WARRINGTON v. OLDHAM (21,113 ELEVENS). —The re- li lrn fixture between the at) yve•uained elevens came of! on S iturday before a numerous attendance of specta- tors. Scores : WARRINGTON. OLDHAM. Bibby b Horton Brown c& b Clegg 45 Dunkerley b Silcock , Adamson c Horton b Kershaw e Ashton h Bibby 3 I Quarmby 1 Jolley c Kershaw b Clegg 1 by, Clegg„ Laugham, 1 Unsworth c Duukerley b Mallalieu. Bates did , I Clegg 0 not bat Hampson not out Crompton c Horton b Scho- field 4 ; Sileock b Schofield I Ilushworthb Mallalieu 2l i Kiernan c owails b Malla- lieu Ashton b Dunkerley ..... Extras l4 Extras 2

Total 143 Total l3 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. CHESHIRE LINES, 2ND TE&MS. —Piayed on Saturday. Score : _

. _ SANKEi. CYIESEIIRE LINES. Barlow c Ingham b Nevins c Whitfield b Deeley Scarisbrick c & b Higham 15 Deeley c Rutter b Cross- Crossklll b Higbam Hel,by c Deeley b iligham 3 Genders b Croaskill Houghton b flighsm 0 Higham b Crosskill ... ... 2 Allcock b Genders 4 Peac ck st Helsby b Rutter b Genders Ogden .3 Sidthil b FJrster 5 Genders c and b Crosskill 1 Cooper b Genders Asnip c and b Forster Whitfield not out Rushton b Crosakill • Roylance st Helsby b Crosskill 0 Extras

_ Total

T.tal 3B

WittrEcnossv, DoLY TRINITY.—PIayed on Saturday. Score:—

WHITECROSS. ROLY TRINITY. Las-ell b Heskett 9 Fleetwo,d b Laval Evans b Jones 4 Miller b Lavell Worrell b Jones 2 Haddock b Siddall 2 Thomason run out A iddall c Clegg b Iles'(eth b Livell Hesketh W Siddall c Haddock b Appleton b Llvell Jone 3 3 Clegg b Siddall Clarke c Haddock b Jones 21 Pemberton b Lavell Gibbon c Haddock b Jones b Siddall Hesketh Conies- b Jon.s 0 Hough b tle,keth ...... Hamer not nut ......,. Extras

Total

Total

: PERI:CETI; WESLEYAN V GARNAITT'S CABINET WORKS.— Played at Penketh on Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for tire Wesleyans. Seed scored 19 in flee style. Wilkinson and Bart iv took 4 wickets each f )r. 7 runs each, and Dunabin 2 wickets for 1 run.. Scores : PENKETH WE'LETANS. GARNEIT'S CABINET WORKS. ' A Appleton b King 3 H Cartwright b Wilkln- A Seed h King 13 Wilkinson 13 Winstanley 1 I' Wallace b Barlow 0 /I Barlow run out A R Dunabin c Garnett b Wilkinson Dunn 11' Wilkinson c, Wallace h E Winstanley b Barlow King 0 E Ashton c and b Barlow 1 B Durnbill c Winstanley b M Shipman b Wilkinson 0 Dunn . 1 W Dunn b Thrlow IV T Wilitinson lbw b King 0 A Lea not out A Barlow run out t W Rogera b Wilkinson ... 0 T Davies b King A Bow yPr not out Extr is 0

Ex!Tas 2

Total 57

1 otal

PETER WALKER AND Sl/4, LIMITED UT XL v. PART- Twevrov.—Played on SAturday on P. Walker and Eon's ground. P WALKER AND SOY. PARTINGTON. I Arbor b Ilaslsm l3 S Taylor b T Allen J 1448ey b Taylor 3' Holton b Taylor W Ashton b lioslam 13 Allen ii li.lam T Allen lbw b TAclor 0 J Smith b Tavl r 1 W Burgess b T Todd 0 J Tilling c Brookes b •4' Brooke. not out traslam d Cain not out 2 R Potters e Ashton b T T Told b Taylor E Unsworth etpi Wright b 11 Taylor b T Allen 0 Taylor ......... ............... 0 Extras 3

Total 39

Total l9

PETER WALKER AND Sow. LIMITED, 2ND XL V OUT. RTNOTnN PARR AT OUTRINGTON.—S,nra : P. WALKER AND SON'S. OIITRYNGTON PARE. .T Afilnar hMonres 7 B Crawley c Collins b B Nr,on hMo Tea I Trirner h Itohnier l3 J Bolt t) Colliti• 3 ._

3 Llood not out A Ayling b Rainier F Hisvins e Pearsou b C Witmer not ont 24 ' 'Minter ... , 4 G niarnond b Turner 0 R Knight net out RHall P Moores c Milner b IX& herland Turner 0 T Collins did not bat H Pearron cif all b Milner 5 AI Durham ~3 H Brookes b Lloyd 7 E Brookes run out ...... Extras ..

_ , Total BLICKLEY-87/12151' S. S. v. FRODSHAM WRSLEYANS.— P'aved on Saturday at Frodsharn, and ended in a draw. BUCKLEY-RT., PpODSTIAM Pligh b Chmoesworth... Addison h 7.lleiva tem 5 b Spruce Spruce 0 Farrell b 7 ohnson b Leech v'eWate-s Landers I. ltSeWnters .. ...... 1 Yarrell rot out 3 h Chsrlsoworth 1 P Leech 1) mewaters A. Leech h MeWsters 0 HanCoCk, did not bat. x Leech not out C,ok not out l2 Woodward did not bat Extras 6 Extras 1

Tcital 64

Total

BANK STREET MISSION v. CAIRO-STREET UNITY.—A match WAS played on Saturday last on Sank-street ground sod resulted in a rein for the home team by 12 runs. J. Duckworth raking 6of the Cairn-At. wickets for five runs and T. Grestv four wickcts for three runs. Score : BANK STREET MISSION. CLIRO-STRICRT UNITY. Butterwo th eJ IV Plins- Shaw b Duckworth 0 ten h D Plinston 1 Bennett b Gresty 1 Duckworth c A Ber-v b Eden cr Gresty b Duck- Shaw Watson b Bennett, Grest,v h D Pli, sten T woods h Plinstnn Hihhert b Plinston 0 ; IV Plinstvn e Butter- mv h*We b Plin.ton 2 worth b Gre5tv.,......... 2 Spencer cJ W Plinston b Rudd c Jones b Grssty ... 0 Shaw , Chadwick b Bennett 2 Magog not nut J _Woods st Rudd b _ Daniels b Duckworth 0

- -- --- .. ...,.“ , ---- Benhett 0 Jones not out Extras 4 Batras —

Total

Tc tal 2l

Y.M.C.A. v. MOORE.—Played at Moore on Saturday, and rain stopped play, when the match was in a very interesting state. Scores :-- moonn. Y.M.C.A. Banner b White 7 White lbw b Antrobus ... 7 Antrobus e Piekton b Woods run out 1 White lO Piekton b Antrobus lO Taylor b White 0 Jewkes not out ......... 1 Foster b White 3 Sanders did not bat Johnson b White 6 Farquharson Sanders run out 0 Gough Wilkinson b Woods Kilshiw run out 2 Kill Jones not out Milling b Woods 1 Roddy Millington b Roddy Extras 7

Total __ 53

Extras 1

Total _ _ 20

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS Y. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.— The above match was played on the Wire Mills ground, and result.d in a win for the Engineers. Score :

ENGINEERS. WIRE MILLS. J Hackett b Hobson S Walker ~ . T Walker c Williams b Simpson b Monks 6 Hobson J Monks c Evans ti Hobson 0 Marshall b Harrison P Lawless not out l7 Bailey c Lawless b Barri- S Howard c and b Hobson 0 son 0 1 S Harrison b Mobson I E Hackett b Simpson Warburst ~ „ G Hogg „ „ Irvine run out Hobson nand b Monks 0

Extras

_ _ _ Nxtra 1

Total . 44 Total WIDNES V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—Played at Widnes on Saturday. Score : WHITE ROSE. WIDNES. Hart b Bingham 3 Nestor b Smith 4O Anderson c Callon b Parkinson b Well ll Bingham Wilcock b Barker Sadhq. c Hampton b Walton b Smith Barker Wall at Williams b Balker 0 Dr. Edwards b Barber 2 Martindale b Bingham 1 Bingham run on* 8 Smith ti Smith b Barker J Thrber b Bingham l4 Holt not out Skinner not out l4 T Barber st Williams b Barker Seddon b Bingham .... Extras

Total 53 Total l2O GRAPPENHALL ST. WILFRED'S V. NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICERS,ORFORD.—This match was played at Grappen- hall on Saturday, resulting in a win for the home team. Score :

OFFICERS. GRAPPENHALL. Healey c Carter b James Jas. Burrows b Kirk Burrows l2 Radford b Stacey Parker ton out 3 Smith nOt out Kirk b Brie. ley 4 Carter lbw b Stacey Beal b Jam, Barrows Walsh b Brierley 2 Roberts, Brierley, Kaye, Stacey b JaP. Burrows Stanley b Carter l3 Fenton did not bat Barnet run out 6 Altmann b Carter Riley not out 3 B itler b Carter Extras 6 Extras

Total RUNCORN V, GATEACRE —The result of Ors match was as follows :

GATEACRE. RUNCORN. Houghton b Nicholls Catesby hit wkt b Nicholls 6 Haddock 7 Large lbw b Nicholls E B Haddock not out . . 62 Joule b Haddock 0 B S Haddock c Houghton b Cross b Haddock Nicholls Leck c Wright b Nicholls Lott b Evans ll Leathwood b Haddock ... 3 Troughton not out Renton, Blundell and Wells Warder not out 6 did not bat Houghton b Blundell Hough b Haddock Extras 3 Extras 6

To'al (for 6 wkts)l44 Total '2B EARLESTOWN V. HORWICH. —Played at Horwich on Sat- urday. Score : EIRLFSTOWN. HORW lON. OW Dennis b 0 Calderbank 7 13 Banks c Miller b J Husband et J Calderbank Mitchell b Bedford Miller lbw b Bedfor I J H Alderson b Bedford 0 Shaw not out 2l F P Clare b G Calderlank... 3 J B Calderbank c W Huddlestim not out ...... 22 Crowther b Huddlestoa 5 T Barker st J Calderbank b FE Binns not out Bedford C W Emmett b Shaw 1 Hush mil 4 T Mitchell e and b Shaw ... 4 It Stones c Husband b W H Cr3wther c Woolley b Huddleston 7 Shaw - 0 0 Calderbank It 1 Bell c Birms b l;rnith l5 P Bedford did not bat H Smith " -

W Stevens Extras 4 Extras 3

Total 73 Total (for 6 wickets)... 63

BOWLING.

GOLBORNE SUBSCRIPTION CLUB V. ST. HELENS RECREA- TION Ctua.--The above clubs played their return match on Saturday at Goiborne, when the visiting team suc- ceeded in winning the gains by 34 points. At the con- clusion of the match both teams and a few visitors from St. Helens adjlurned to the Leh Arms Hotel, where a capital repast awited them, served in good style by Ser- geant-Maj Ir. and Mrs. Storror. Ample justice having been done to the good things provided, the cloth was re- moved and a nvist happy and convivial evening was spent, the proceedings being presided over by Dr. Dobb. Mr. Hartley, Sc. Helens, acted as vice-chairman. The usual toasts were drunk, and singing was freely in- dulged in. Dr. Mapei, and Mr. G. Holt, of St. Helens, contributed greatly to the evening's entertainment. Songs were also rendered by the following members :—Messrs. Dr. Dobb, A. Smith, John Worsley, E. Platt, and J. Cash. During the evening a presentation was made by the Chairman to Mr. Pitt for getting the lowest score. Mr. Pitt, he remarked, had been a members of the Golhorne club since its commencement (29 years), and he did not think he had ever before been beaten on his own green. Mr. Pitt, in responding, said he was very pleased to re- ceive a prize, but it would have been a greater pleasure to him had it been for the highest sc•re. Appended are the scores r—Golborne : Messrs. Thomas Shaw, 15 ; Adam Tither, 15; Ernest Twist, 15; Peter Cooke, 10 ; Thomas Crotichley, 15 ; Dr. Dobb, 15 ; E. Sharrett, 13 ; Ben Kenyon, 14 ; John Wakefield, 15: Sara Cottam, 13 : Joseph Sankey, 15 ; Henry Colgtaitt, 12 ; George Pitt, 0; John Worsley, 15 ; Tom Burton, 15; J. Hart, 15 ; Henry Bate, 14 ; total 223. Score at St. Helens 155, grand total 383. St. Helens : Messrs. J. Cash, 14 •, J. McCall, 9 ; A. Smith, 9 ; T. Lucas, 15 ; E. Atherton,lo ; G. Holt, 2; J. Matthews, 7 • William Davies, 15 :E. Thrush. 4 ; William Holden, 15 ; Captain Thompson, 2 ; William Greaves, 15 ; E. Williams, 15 ;E. Platt, 11 ; J. Wilson, 8 ; Hodgson, 9 ; James Glover. 15 ; total, 175. Score at St. Helens, 242, g-arid total 417. _ _

===== 0002601_18950817_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RND_CEIESEIIRE ASSOCIATION.

LEIGH v. URMSTON.—In the semi-finals of the Associa- tion division these teams met at Timperley on Saturday. Rain much interfered with the progress of the match, which was not played out in consequence. Score:— LaIGII. LIRMSTON. W Collier J Hill J. Smith IS Giseaway 2l T Collier W Gsskell lO 3 Barlow 2l W Cocker ....A m Thopson . . 21 _.

W Shuman ... 1527 Wood l. 21 J Cooker J Grundy, jun. It Rateliffa J Isherwood 8 Coltins lO IV Houghton

- 172 201 Victory for Urmston by 29 points. MIDLAND v. LEVIANSEULME.—In the setni-final cham- pionship played at Warrington, between Withington and LeYenshulow, on Saturday afternoon, the whble of the successes %cot to Withint:t ii. thus producing a record scare. The total oF points possible to be •btained in a County match is 252, and has never been reached or closely approached on any previous occasion. With the exception of the gatnes White and Barker,there were no close events. In Barker's case his wood laid on the jack at the 20th point, and was cleverly 'struck out by White, and his own sorwtituted. Scores :

~..,...,,, ‘,.....,...., ..-w.....,.... -_ ___ . MIDLAND. LRVENSHELME. R William‘on V Wastwell 3 H Howe 21 H Spencer 3 3W G Coombs 2l J Towns J Barlow • 2l J Riwlinson J Lawrence 3 C Howe . J Barnett 141 Sampson. W W Wells ,ft White 2l T Barker 3 Howarth

Total 252 Total 167 Majority for Midland, 85. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HOMING SOCIETY. Young birds raoe from Swindon 131 miles : 15 members sending 191 birds liberalei by Manchester Flying Club convoyer at 9 a m. on Wednesday last. Result.

1. T mperley 940 919 2. Lvmm 3. Greenough 4 Lymm 5. Longton 896 6. T,mperley 875 do. ' Burrows Bdgerley B2O 820 Woodward Greenough B2O Buckley Longton Cross Woodcock Whitiaker Woodcock Moston

In the Worcester race jaITIFA talv.B third plsition with a velocity of 1,212 yards. Timperloy is disqualified for second bird intim° race having wired wrong nunib?r.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

IMPORTANT REPORT TO THE TOWN COUNCIL.

At the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Thursday evening the report of the Rivers' Committee upon their negotiations with the Manchester Ship Canal Company was taken into consideration. The report opened with an account of an interview between the Committee and the Directors of the Ship Canal Company, held on the 4th July. Councillor Roberts, the chairman of the Committee presided, sand intimated to the directors that the Corporation desired it to be understood that the interview was to be a final one, and asked the directors for their proposals with re- gard to the several matters in ispute. With regard to the Abstraction a Water, Mr. Bythell, on behalf of the Company, stated that the works'at Butchersfield Weir and Woolston were not yet completed, and asked that the matter might be allowed to stand over. With re- gard to the Dredging of the Ricer it was proposed on behalf of the Company that they would dredge a chan- nel within the defined limits, with the exception of that portion of the river above Latchford Weir, but including the portion of the old river from Walton Lock to the south end of the river diver- sion within a minimum width at the bottom of 50ft. With regard to the Warrington Dock the Company stated that they were without funds and unable therefore to construct the dock. They suggested that the Corpora- tion should themselves undertake the work, and that the Corporation should be allowed to receive the wharfage rates until the capital expended and the interest thereon was recouped. The Corporation declared their unwil- lingness to execute this work, and as an alternative,sug- gested that the Company should dredge the bed of the old river and construct a deep water lay-bye and a wharf for the use of the Warrington traffic. The Cor- poration further proposed that the Company should , remove the limit of 150 tons upon all vessels passing through the Walton Lock. At the termination :at the interview the Directors promised to submit their pro- posals in writing. The TOWN CLERK afterwards received the following letter dated Bth July, from Mr. A. H. Whitworth, secre- tary of the Ship Canal Company,—" I am instructed to comply with the request of the Rivers' Committee to write you with reference to the interview between the committee and a deputation of directors of the company which took place on Thursday last, the 4th instant. Matters were a little hurried at the last because some of the gentlemen present had to catch their trains, but the directors left with the impression that the Rivers' Com- mittee were willing to recommend the Corporation to agree to the following settlement :-1. That the term " bed and banks of the River Mersey" shall be defined as meaning a channel with a minimum width of fifty feet. 2. That the company shall maintain in the channel as so defined the statutory depth of Bft. below the level of low water of spring tides between the wes- tern boundary of the works of Monks. Hall and Co., at or near Bank Quay and Howley Lock, but not above the lock. 3. That the company in consideration of the Cor- poration agreeing to the foregoing definition of the obli- gations of the company under sub-section 14 of section 88 of the Company's Act of 1885 shall (a). Main- tain a channel with a minimum width of fifty feet and depth of eight feet below the level of low water of spring tides from the Walton Lock to where that channel joins the River Mersey near the new river diversion, although the Company believe and are advised that they were under no obligation to dredge, and are under na obligation to maintain such a channel. (b) Construct a wharf 300 feet long with deep water near the entrance to the Warrington Dock from the Ship Canal, at or near the site marked on the nlan received from the Warrington Corporation on the Bth May last. It is understood that the width of the channel at Warring'on Bridge may be an exception to the rule of fifty feet width, and will have to be settled by the engineers, having regard to the safety of the bridge. Reference was made to the ques- tion of modifying the tolls payable for the use oi the Walton Lock and Ship Canal, but, as explained to the I committee, so many questions are involved that the Directors cannot see their way to agreeing to the pro- posed modification." _ . . . . .

The Rivers' Committee after considering the above letter reaolved that the Comoany bo ask,d :-1. To dredge the river in front of all existing and future wharfs to the depth of 8 feet. 2. To reduce the tolls leviable upon Warrington traffic from 3d. and 4d. to 61. and 3d., or as an alternative to dredge the bed of the old river at Wilderspool to a depth sufficient for Warrington traffic. 3. To remove the limit of 150 tons upon all vessels passing through the Walton Lock. The channel of 50 feet referred to in the above letter is understood to be a channel with a minimum width of 50 feet at the bottom.

The following letter was sent to the Company by the Town Clerk in reply to their letter of the Bth July : " Your letter of the Bth instant was fully considered by my committee yesterday, and lain instructed to inform you that the cemmittee d-4 not consider the terms pro• posed by you sufficient to justify them in advising a settlement of the matters referred to in your letter. The committee wish me to remind you that the terms that may be agreed upon will have to be submitted to the

traders and manufacturers of the Borough, and unless I they are able to show something in the nature of a quid pro quo they fear there will be little chance of obtaining their assent or the approval of the Council. The Com- mittee are under a promise to submit the proposed terms of settlement to the Council at its next meeting, and! th .y are exceedingly anxious to place before the Coun- cil reasonable proposals for the complete settlement of the several questions between us. It would be greatly to the advantage of your Company to he relieved from the obligation to dredge the whole width of the river, and to construct the Warrington Dock, and the only proposal you make in consideration of these matters is to construct a wharf 300 feet long on the Canal. Assuming that your Company are under no obligation to dredge the river from the Walton Lock to the new river diversion, and which work the Corporation are advised your Company are bound to execute, the prAposed relinquishment of the dredging of the length of river above Howley Lock is more than an equivalent. The Committee desire me to point out that the proposed chaneel is to have a mini- mum width of fifty feet at the bottom. They ask your Company to undertake :-I.—Tn dredge the river in front of all existing and future wharves within the pro- posed limits. 2.—To remove the limit of 150 tons upon all vessels passing through Walton Lock. 3.-To reduce the tolls of 4d. and 13d. referred to in Section 88 to 3d. and 6d. respectively, or 89 an alternative to dredge the bed of the old river at Wilderspool. and to construct a wharf In a position to be agreed upon by the engineers suitable and sufficient for Warrington traffic. With every desire to assist the Canal Company, the Corpora- tion feel that they are dealing with important interests which have been protected or secured to the Borough at great cost, interests a failure to protect which would in- volve the Corporation in a breach of their obligations, not only to the inhabitants, but also to the traders and manufacturers of the Borough, whom the Corporation are bound to consider. It is hoped that your Company will see their way to accept the above moderate pro- posals of the Corporation." The next letter from Mr. Whitworth to the Town Clerk

dated 10th August, reads as follows.:::‘' Th-e-Di-t:e-C"tc;r9 have carefully considered your letter of the 26th ultimo, in which you state that your committee are of opinion that the terms set forth in my letter of the Bth idem are not sufficient concessions for modifying the dredging obligation as suggested, and for relieving the Company of the obligation to construct the Warrington dock. The Directors still think that the proposed terms were, con- siding all the circumstances, not unreasonable ; hut in order to assist you in carrying out the desired speedy settlement, they will so far meet the views of your com mittee as to agree to the following modifications of their proposals as made by letter on July Bth 1. The Company will undertake to dredge not only in front of the existing wharves on the river, but also in front of any future wharves which may be constructed within five years from this date, on the North side of the River Mersey between the dredging limit at Bank Quay and the Howley Lock, and to dredge in front of any other wharves at the expense of the owners thereof, which may be erected after the expiry of the five years within the same limits on the North side, provided the owners of all such wharves, existing and future, indemnify the Company against any damage to their wharves which may arise from such dredging, and pro- vided that the Company shall only dredge in front of the wharves that are in uSe and then only the portions of such wharves that are actually required for traffic pur- poses. Ido not suppose that the owner of any wharf would wish us to dredge in front of his wharf when he did not want to use it.

2. The tolls in force for the use Qf the Ship Cana and the Walton Lock are so low that the Company, hav- ing regard to the large amount of money spent on the construction of the Ship Canal, think that no reduction ought to he made, hut they will nevertheless if obso- letely necessa y reduce the tolls to 3d. and 6d. respec- tively.

3. The Company will he prepared to remove the limit of 150 tons referred to in sub-section 2of Section 88 of the 1885 Act for vessels conveying goods outside the river Mersey and to raise the limit to 250 tons in respect of vessels conveying goods to and from the river Mersey, vitt Walton Lock.

The understanding is as you state that the channel is to have a minimum width of 50 feet at the bottom. It is to be dredged so as to have a depth of 8 feet of water maintained at low water of spring tides, and the level of low water at Warrington Bridge is to be taken at 10 feet above O.D.

_ In reply to a verbal inquiry I am directed to say that the Directors agree that your Corporation shall reserve the power to construct the Warrington Dock at the ex- pense of the Corporation on the bias.of the terms dis- cussed some time ago, that is to say that the Corpora- tion shall rec.ive the wharfage rates levied for the use of the Dock until the cost thereof with interest is cc- Cooped, when the Dock will become the property of the Ship Canal Company. It iq understood that the Corporation will waive all penalties for delay in completing the dredging.

The final result of the negotiations, was the Pans' by the Rivers Committee of the following resolution $ •-• " That subject to the channel above reterred to being dredged to a depth of 8 feet at low water a spring tides,. , and to the construction,or one or more turning Places in such channel, the above terms be agreed to and mitted to the Council."

THE STATE OF THE SKILLED LABOIJ

MARKET.

--- The following memorandum has been prepare(' "J -tbe. Labour Department of the Board of Trade for " Board of Trade Journal: arlo There has been a further improvement on the vrbcia°. during the month in the state of the labour market,ar. the percentage of unemployed in unions making ret has continued to decline. In the 86 trade unions, with an aggregate at.) ship of 391,093, making returris,2o,s74 (or 53 Per roerro- are reported as unemployed at the end of JulY.ro. ia pared with 5 6 per cent. in June and 74 Per ce the 52 unions making returns for July, 1894. :goers °F Coal Mining.—Returns received from the 0 shor 936 pits, at which 229,188 persons were er)PYi'ed bY that the average number or days per week the pits during July was 4 53, as compared w eitbdr per June. Iron mining. The average number 02f.es:, vorg. week worked by 96 iron mines, ernploving people, was 5.61 in July, as against 5.43 inouu-biast pig iron industry the number of furnaces /a 4 cow eluded in the returns was 285 at the end of Je,,r.';', pared with the same number in June, and 4a" 1i:2,712r• 1894. The number of workpeople employed ,whasshorve;g4 compared with 18,703 in the previous olab—' gpcioV practically no change. The number of W°rforoaces employed at steel and tinplate works, Pud,tliong4t the erict and rolling mills by 163 employers was 56,es"—fteruol,,,9 of July, as compared with 56,839 a year ag,,°'„, bad I„.°' from 26 tinplate manufacturers show that rue-7,4init s" mills in operation at the end of the month.lB7 a„,, as 4e; -Ao in the previous month and 129 in July, 4ed kkr provement has taken place in the engineerfoa.,l mere' dred trades,the percentage of unemploYed a,...°41 Jelif bers having fallen from 6.1 in Juno to 0.-buildl° iog compared with 9.7 in July, 1894 The trades trades show a slight decline compared with, t„tie Tar elobel month, the percentage of unemployed orW,',9l:oor; having risen from 11.5 in June to 12.0 in with 17.3 in July, 1894. The building toue:olpiole° whole continue busy and the percentage ofli Wl' Joe bi in unions making returns has fallen fromTlie 2.4 in July,compared with 36 in July furnishing and wood-working trades have d some „extent, the percenaage of uneinp'os'en members have risen from 2.4 in Juno io j'elft to bseir" compared with 4.4 in July, 1894. The Priat'c„V te bee: the aggremr vino binding, and paper trades have in better employed ; the improvement, hower! tew,l;orsrilla confined to compositors, who have been .00loye busy on election work. The percentage a utie l;) :0 4,0 union members has fallen from 5.5 10 June July, compared with 6.1 in July, 1894. ofegt The ready-made cloth ng trade fallen has ft iff centres, and the bespoke trade also becaole 5 flijOb°, a-oroootaae slack towards the close of the month. 'Toe bootlops" trade, owing to seasonal causes, is not so biISY 33 'fae „res, and short time is being worked in some eee" rcelf leather trades, though still fairly busy, s well employed as in June, the percentagearie ut3:lllPl°seit having risen from 28 to 3•1. rosy ; a 0 of In the cotton trade the spinning branch ' oisr,o irregularly employed, and in the weaving brra: Dorat :t„;,, are only partially employed. Employment wcollen and worsted trades continues vaults being worked in some cases. The 13(7°.'ie unsettled owing to a dispute. Tnel tra.'th egs'j whole is fairly busy. Information rece,ve °I ron le to 336 textile mills, employing about 62,000 ° Ooiog girls, shows that 85 per cent, were in ordlls.gljone. employment, as compared with 87 Per cent. in'ele9'4e." The number of seamen shipped on foreign-gam' eve I; at the principal ports was 18.3 per cent. 1n°094. June, but 1.5 per cent, less than in JulY• 8 increase compared with last month is due re out of new running agreements in July • °Curd. eg Trade Disputes. —The number of fresh dis0ut Joe "the ring in July was 49, as compared with 65 66 in July, 1894. Eleven disputes took P,',-ocebuil;italtig mining and quarrying industry, 10 f 0 the 0' trades, seven in the textile trades, five in, the 041 trades, four -in the clothing trades, tnree 10E,,rfog a 0„, building industry, two in connection withra sea sce Illa 9 4 dock labour and the remaining seven in the t'el 14 eCI ous group of industries. 111 41 of the 49 cliel°ll,os, aff ip persons were involved Twenty-one old dislol at Were 13 ing about 2,200 pcople were brought to a se-vr, thst et was Io6ll3erS°ll July, and at the end of r ' the month it new and 23 old disputes, involvina about -;° were still unsettled. the Changes in Wages.—During JuIV in ra people reported as affected by changes ~,tunsci numbe.rooge°groel4o.o was 114,500 (10,000 receiving 10cteOf'5 the of 13,0 100001 suffering decreases),as compared wi 0 th vious month and 375,500 in the corresPon,,dfeor ceof'oci last tear. The decreases include a fall 01 4g Po sIAS of the rates of 100,000 coal- minors in BWtli of Olage,grbe Monmouthshire, and a reduction in the rate.odo. de, 3,000 operatives in the Leicester hosier,' 6iite tra most important increase relates to the 0") about 4 500 workpeople receiving an increase. IMPERIAL PARLIAMP-I•

MONDAY. ment oissiod f CV° The first session of the fourteenth Parlia, c • ella) 40 of Vicroeul was opened on Monday bY 80Ya.,.--e'e 00ttbe Alter the reading of the Commission „r in.. '"-„ Pure Lords the LORD CHANCELLOR said :hat as f3eue d l eed-05 egislatori had been sworn in Her Majest9,lV:ha,t o;orii why Parliament had been summoned, an" leoen a necessary that the members of the House ° .0 elon e,e, of should at once proceed to their own House a t`; i e t Speaker. A number of peers subscribed ParliatimeenHtoaunsde otlfiecflotinuumseonasd,j7muraineei,t.tely. on totlftexr.fetri.:(l/f:es 'ln epmrboeprossef dromthtehe eoltehcetrioHnouosfe , 4ri r. t. ,trs(l4l:ol4(ettica:flioer aofn Speaker)dm as Speaker of the Ho us . ne 7 emeseefet thiiigehheisgthteorffimese,of the right hon. genetleirla°'' thlriliv-Ve said they must all rejoice tcilfey• le've this their first and most important act was 'led P°iserfl' accomplished without any discordant Voa`io see-ro. out that the reappointment of Mr. Grita via° receclei-,4 ance with cherished traditions and the boe'lltf,l.t'l, "Djoi r Mr. J. ELLIS seconded the n TTIo t"l gr. upoo ten. thanked the House for the Honoour. ed conferr itoin or, was conducted to the chiiir, from Whichebeend 6ire 0° dered his acknowledgments. Mr. BALVOg°' nriein n,Acoge HARCOURT congratulated the rieht hon. go e the his election, and expressed the co' neelence °* , in him. re' TUESDAY. I‘-`,1% Gettifeer, ' In the House of Lords on TuesdaV o t rio be Sr" sented himself to report his a ppoi at ment t.otifo;eo , ship of the [louse of Commons and reeejlre, I tee sneer. . the QUEEN'S approval thereof, and to eta° ellP",„rd# ' rights and privileges of the representar 0 til esao" noble ..,; of This formality beirg; completed, a nualbc took the oath, among them being Lord TeLee 04 e (Sirteer e . Hereford (Mr. HENRY MArretews) and Lord ""o. t . Locu.) The House of Commons met at 9°Gtele sliee/ 34eCI i return of members from the House of Lova' d epPt eV . (Mr. GULLY) announced that the 4211"S„Irth'°11,,ef tv°s. ' of his appointment to the Speakers hip, al, ~elf ' T - made the usual constitutional claims du ~tsitl' boo' ' House, which had been granted by WI "'Meal eft' process of swearing in members then bea 4/v° ilo° an: , tho Cliitie , gentlemen made affirmation instead of t7or Nearly 400 members had complied with the before the House adjourned. 0 r 5 °fl WEDNESDAY. r 000101,ettle There was another sitting in the 0000. jeltile Weonesday for the swearing in of membeaed. about 520 hon. gentletnen_ v4O 4•0•!1' , it OUR LOCAL CHU twaEs--wA-1--- __-- ST. PETER'S CHURCII• .n ene"''''''fli° On Sunday the annual choir seraloarf! 8 iohed• a. Jr' f with the above place of worship were p ivy, ~ ere t, Pulpit was occupied in the morni th enin ng bY ,:e epfo Pigot, M.A., vicar of St. Paul's, and it' ot"eeete• 000° the Rev. J• J. Langh4m. M.A., vicar of eyere ttle were large congregations, and the services. ty for enjoyed. Special offerings were taken eltlre." benefit of the choir. ' LATCHFORD WESLEYAN 0 Aill.:;o°Deo°lfVet On Wednesday evening the Rev. jr'Jo"the $ etV,` ducted a public thanksgiving meeting egitid?,o,le' chapel in recognition of its sound finaoci=" Pg "feed' for the purpose of liquidating a email te°l cid at pig log fund debt of £4O. Them w.as a eerrvovoi°netedflopell mice. Miss Bessie Dutton was pre through illness,and the Revs. 0. Wateins,at"y• tee fls'ileell were also absent. Addresses were delivere: a rtleY,L" seer° ' Kirtlan,G. D. Mason,and Messrs. John .... - , of „eel' and Sandford. Seine excellent selectioTem nellev'ed Of music were rendered by the choir. Atlher' recel 06: I which was taken, the sumeof £33 was,eleee eSPec eifi• iv promised and the remaining vented tr..,d few pc:WOO ' y 1 , a 0 ° tip be soon forthcoming. It is a matter refl!,s ,e,'" i11i't.e.51.1414.° credit upon Mr. Kirtlan, as superintendelfe lope_ jo el a church which has only been erected el/ f ` thing! rer soon out of debt. This satisfactory statehe h cpctstiop9 some measure due to the outside beiP W die,C6olo33' in° dered by churches and friends of other 4 fee who who throughout have shown a verY gr on tee V" total amount which kave been expend° t ee has been £1,720 7s. Bd. __...----- e•e VgG' The newspapers containing Mr. „„eitioe_ene speech at Chester were seized at the Cons,e," goat' IV' ght for office—a complim the ri ect which f til° De will no doubt appreciate. • tec'' ,ed t° The Queen has approved the atMoinel of ra4 Edward Stuart Talbot, D.D., Vicar Bishop of Rochester. n Nicn‘ffie ° ire • 0 Grouse shooting commenced 0 . _F 1 . we b _,,,, le.r al 4, from different moors vary consideraef fo t ve , , age of sport met with would apeeet, r.,. '?,., win ~, e:ei, I as good as was expected after the t,fo„s 0 lare strong on the wine, and as th:qo 611000 n, wee generally prevailing on MondaV and big bags were not readil made. Y

'6 40, $ll4, D, 4 4 Itet

IZE 112

0 8111

-1 31 10 11, 1,

;sing n $-- t,eing ;es io sub-

1.4 V• P. 0/ 013%

,ier,„u

ftel. le_o nor° it'r der A• ire cl'' e

FROM WARRINOTON TO

RAII,WAY TIME TA BLE AUGUST

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 355 420. Sundays 10 15 a.m. IMMar and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a6' 479 fiuntays 936, 25, 8 50. a Stops if require°. Birmingham (LB N.-W.)*30,a3 23, 7 10,9 50. 12 0, 1 50,3 11, 5 15,720, 11 35. Sundays 30. 3 23,10 15, 4 21, 11 35. a Mon- days only. *Mondays excepted. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 Para• 45Elackburn-2 37.5 20. 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 12 25, 2 40, 3 48, 4, 8 14, 8 47 102. Sundays 843.60. laclPool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 40, 48. 4 43. 614. 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 37, 843.60. ,9 19.100,10 0.12 14,12 25,2 40,3 20, 21,t3,25 9 18 Sundays 7 0, 8 43 a.m., 50.6 0,8 58,p.m. e4rlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 240, 3 48. Sundays 237,335 : 1. Chester-7 30a, 7 42.9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,2 55,2 30,3 20, 222, 511, 64, 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, a.m. 7 45, 32. 4 Mondays and Saturdays only. bArpley. 6 Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. s erewa-a3 0 b 3 23, 7 10, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, , i'135,, 311 5 15, 72), 11 35. Sundays 30. 3 23, 10 15, 4 23, al)lCdays excepted. bMondaye only. 8 Dar aiesbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 2 3). 3 20, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 : 3', a 44, 7 45 p.m. 6,7e,rby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59. 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, "IldaYs 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. , a ?arlettoan-5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 5, 10 40,12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 4,3 48, 5 35, 6 20,7 8, 9 25, 10 10. Sundays,7 40,8 35, 843, r ia4o. 7 47,9 45. 89-,-" ;;;1 bax'Bll-240. 520, 955, 1140. 1235, 225, 348. 10 15, i til 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. ddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 43. 11 53, 2 5, 1 2,6 17, 8-0, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. ' trod h i 746 Lain---7 42, 95. 1023. 1215, 2 30, 3 20, 4 22, 5 11, 64, 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. ' ;°4 (Cheshiie Linesl-7 12. 7 56, 831, 95,12 0 40, 70, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20. 11 39 Sun- • 90,9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays re,• aSaturdays exsepted. 61:„Tildw-2 40, 520, 955, 11 40, 12 35. 2 25, a 46, 10 13, 3'S 2 40. a.m. 9 45. ~ 9 .ee-5 45,7 10,8 35. 1040,12 35, 1 15,3 8, 538. 7 17, Sundays 8 43, 6 0. 60, °QUI Ureen-7 12, 7 56,8 31. 95, a 9 30,120, 1 5,2 10,4 0, 79, 80, 69 30, alo 20, Sundays ,L 9,411 275!' n 2 39, 7 1), 9j. aMondays and Saturdays only. 0 / jratlaY4 excepted. 6titir ra and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 755,816, 70, 915 /,:lahLs 8 56, 10 12, 3 20, 5 15, 9 35. ' 1.54,"?rd-Frorn Arpley Station-6 20, 722. 80,9 0, 9 53, 36, 1 16. 338, 411.518,613,78, a 7 45, 9 13. Li'-.1a 850. 38, 818. aSaturdays only. 1291%1)0ot (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 835. 10 5, 12 7, 456 '04,48.5 5, 6207 8, 1020. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 843, 328. From High Level Platform. 115,34P°91 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,9 43,10 10, Li,; '5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 256-9eßrt°n°7 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530, 7 12. 736, 8 31,1 I,', '5O, 10 24, 10 30, 1050. 11 50, 12 0, 12 50, 12 57, , 86e i 1 50, 2 10. 2503 8. 337, 350,40, 4 50, 553, 628, 7 50._ 80, 8 50,9.6, 9 20,110 15 10 46. alllo, 11 39 219-7 V 435,5 30. 90, 9 45, 955. 1125. 220, 239, 7 10, 830, 10 33. aF,xcept Mondays. ' 152 12124 (L. & N.-W.)-a3 0, 63 23, 7 35, 9 50, 1045. 12 0, 15,6 30,11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15, 420, 11 35 Lo• "-‘4Ys excepted. Mondays only. • 844 44°4 (Mictland)-6 14, 959. 1139. 1255, 3 20, 5 0, 11 53. ClaYa 11 45 a.m., 4 2.5 p.m. 411141111--6 20, 7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58. 1049, 12 35,1 16, 3 38,, 40c 6 13, 78. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 8 10. 11),4•41t4aYs only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and flfr..sclit , excepted, 2 6'"ualiester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 825, 919, 10 40, 12 14, 60':2,20, 4 21, 65, 7 17, 8 11, 9 18. Sundays 2 45,7 40, a.m., td 47, 8 53, From High Level Platform. ' 7 2n47,,,ehester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-a6 20 listi'd." 55, 1357, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. a 6621a-rjekesta4e6r. 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. From Arpley Station. (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 16, 8 55, 90, 85570 55, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 455,555 55. 8 12. 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, alo 0, alll5, 1150, 11 57a. 8 58, 9 37, 1012, 35, 32J, 515, 718, 855, 9 22, kid 9500 0. aSaturdays only. 16 dlewlch-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. °°"---7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 40 i"n-la-Willows -2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, '717,° ~,,0 40, 2214, 2225, 115 3 20, 348, 4 21, 5 35, 6 25, 60 l'j• „,9 18, 10 10, Sundays 2 45.7 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 5 0, i. 77, 8,53, 945. aMondays only, 526'"gate-7 0, 755,8 16,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 1227.2 44, 2 17,3 55, 119 pr,712, 9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 35. "toa-2 37. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35 2 17. 24Q, 3 48, 4 45, 5 3), 614, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays le 3 35, 60 9 45. aSaturdays only. is ancorn-7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 8 0, 21(;41,,kev (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 58. 40, 5 29, a6O. 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20, 10 46. Sun 11 25, 2 39, 918. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' l'(dllY. (C.L.0.) ...,8 eiFfteid (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line R.,?5, 05, 1227, 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, 3' 4 . Helens-5 25,1? 10,8 20,8 35.10 5, 10 40, 227. 1 15, 330, 6,.,' 515. 60, 7 8,9 25, 1020. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60,9 45 1 iqu'llliort (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, TL'drdays only. 6 f'...aivrall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- *la Only, From Arpley Station. 2 nit, (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 8 31, 9 5,10 5,11 0.12 0,1 5, `„5B. 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 910, a 930, 810 2). S un- qui3,. 0, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays apo i,Jnos (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 10 10, 11 53, 2 5 win 12, 6 17, 80 9413• Sundays, 848, 4 40, 750. 119,14a:1,‘,2 37, 5 20. 5 45, 7 10, 835, 955, 1140, 12 25, 1 15. 2 1,- - ~,. 3 48,4 45, 535, 614, 8 47, 10 2,10 10. Sundays f 843 ~3 35, 60. 945 aSal urdays only:

-4111111

PROPOSED PUBLIC ABATTOIR FOR WARRINGTON.

REPORTS BY THE MEDICAL OFFICER AND

===== 0002601_18950817_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

11.0kneat0rl Brlke--8 38' 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 3 7, 4 40, 6 44, 829 201 te .Ys 753, 4 32 ,zaj6, 41 Hillhouse-1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 9 51. Sundays , 8 22, a 41)Pningha . m (L & N'49.)-3 10. 5 50, 7 20, 90, 11 40, 15, iiirs 5,0, 7 25-, 1115. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. 545 „.4141114harn ( lidland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, .114114:4110 3011 19. Sundays 4 30. a.m.„, 4 20. 12 55. Mix- -414611b 311. -04 4"1-8 30, 8 50, 1048, 12 35, 1 55, 320, 755. 10 12 ill.laYs 8 0, 5 40, 225 '4OOl (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 1000, 1035, 11 40, 15, 5 55,7 10 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15,8 _o_.. 445''neknoot (Centra,l)-8 0 827, 8 55, 955. 1010, 20, 2 SU, iinir 55' 8 16. Sunda. s 7 io, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. 45, ,a 6 55 8 0, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35.2 20, 415, 513. 0 ',.710k). Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 9 20 p.m. aMondays only. 841a-r4-„'le-12 5, 12 10a 6 50, 8 40, 9 30, 12 38,1 40, 4 22,5 38, Oh """ndaYs 12 5 a.m'.. 1 841, 12 10 p.m. aMondays 5..n1y, , so,ester-2 0, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40. 1 ZD, 2 1,0 P.m 5 30, 635. 7 35, 835, 10 0. Sundays 20, 6 09 ol /r) •.l• ' - --. . asaturdays only. a io, sni„, Green-6 33,7 16,8 42,10 9.11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 916. 1046. Sundays BL. a.m., 115. 1, 4 4')" 60, 813. 920. 115, 1110, 25. 235, „ es) 920.' Sundays 21. 4 42, 7 10.2 40, 40. 9 12. 37a s'llada:-a 16, 10 17: 11 43, 2 47, 5 22, 99, 10 . 7 37 p.m. aSaturdays only. 1020, 110, 35, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 4°,04.0.1'84c1aY; 7 30, 6 18, 650, 3 33. al(xcept 02 sw_6 51, 659, 720, 848. 9 32, 10 13, 11 290,. '44141 I°, 1 47, 2 15, 3 25, 5 10,5 53, 6 ;0, 7 38, 9 12, 105 34, 952, 4 0, 7 21. 73), 9 55. 1.44-!4591k11-10 20, 20.6 O. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9,12.. ' 67 R,ke. Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1224, 4 17, 041 55, l 0 67. Sundays 832. 2 57. 87. 9 32, 11 27, 2 32, 47, 6 27, 6 57. 757 12 51.1- Sundays 6 59. 716 p.m. aSaturdaysonly. lt,.,oll(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 6 27. 7 45, 90, 9 50, 10 4_o, 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 6 57, 93. , %as SUndays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651. 854. , ,„Reitel"----1010, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 550. 95. ‘u 42, -6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28, 241, 535, 715, 91, , 11%,,,,tNndays 940.75. N ree,-6 40. 7 58. 825,9 9, 113,1 9,1 54. 224. 3 19' 'l.'''. 67. 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20,3 31.4 55. Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 4taels 10 59, 6 53, 8 35. 109. .i 13.4 911-8 13, 840. 932 10 5 . 11 17, 2 13 1 20, al 45. c 7"-`,"; 65 41, 67, 649, 749. 942, 1127. Sundays 833 1 aSaturdays only. bBaturdays excepted. 30, 71)001 ( twt Earlestown)-a2 s 5, 60, 80. 920. 1150, x 2 e' 4 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 33, 9 20, ' ---,..., 8 40, x3londays only. *Saturdays only. ,-p.",l4,nes-6 25.5 20, 9 5, 9 55, 12 35, 1 30, 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 14: 10, 1045. Sundays 745. 210 7 20, 1045. __ ..,' as pi`.,rl'6ol (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 25, E 30, 8 45, 9 30. ,5.30:-.,.8, 10 3r. 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35,1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, 8 40. 45. 4 30, 440, 4 52, 530. 536, 6 30, 635. 7 30, 8 0 9 30, alO 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, 1 L0t,„9,8 30,8 30.533 95.9 35.allondays and Saturdays only. ~rsk (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 53 0, Lsiasv• Sundays 10 0 'sm.. 50, 100. 12 9. '4O. -ZI, (Mldland)-5 15, 105, 120, 20, 40, 5 0, 09 15 tyrntitillays 3 15, 120. a except Mondays II 1,1z4 -7.,,8 5 8 32, 923 957 119 111. a 137. 2 5, 2 5.0 "2 65C-' 6 41, 7 41% . 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 625. 223, 4 , slanA nl:,aturciays only. bSaturdays excepted. . .5, 1 ener (1,& N.-W.)-6 0, 6 50a 70, 85, 940, 1125, !la. 5.3 45,4 25,5 10,7 5. 9 20,10 48. Sundays 8 0, 950. 19 40. From Exchange. aMondays and Saturdays '!4).2che'tE9' (Loooon-road)-7 15, 750, 9 25. ) 3Lrilay3se 5, 520, 6 5. 7 5, 855, 10 45. - lilarlch,;_3o.,_bStirdsz.s epexcepted. ' 447, 10 30 'u 1 . _F. 1 - 48, 9 20, 830, er9 5, 9 30, An 10 45711130. 12n30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 3 30, 4 30, 1c.43'8863(1'' 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 833. 9 55, alO 50,11 0. Sun- '-‘. --,9 10,9 25.9 30,10 411.1 40,2 0 2 5,6 40,8 15,9 40. aMon. - k14(.1 katurdays 001%.- neh-6 b 8 11 7, 2 42, 61. 6, 1157, 320 455, 657. Sundays 8 15,448.1 __, : At 52 IT-le-Willows, 6 47. 655. 7 33. 8 42, 924. 10 9. 1 'Z.?. - 9.,1 * ..'14,6',,1 6. 1 3073 4, 4 7.4 58, 55. 5 49, 6 27,7 30. 7b, ' ~ ca9„5„,-,", oh Su da 530. 949, 10 0, 3 55,7 20, 11 5. ..Yedre---7 51, 826,3'980. 10 6, 1 9. 2 5, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. Suit- -11,82 2O, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. 11,82 36,5 50,6 25,9 5,9 12b,9 39,11 20,11 28,1 C, 40,6;`,5. 7 59, 9 30. 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15,6 . .0, kb,l "6. alMondays excepted. bMonday mornings only " 29,8nt-S 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 2.9, 1 30, 256, 440. (for Penketh)-6 51, 2 9. 8 41, 925, 10 19, 11 21. 5, 240 3 44, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 23;(0 I 0.) (Midland) yia"Chinley and Dore Line -.11 0, 2 0, ',, if ' ; Sun lays Blu 44 2 4,'",' 25, 7 0 8.28, 9 13, 955,01 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 440,'5 I`,, 610, 70. 90. 11' 30, .11 20. Sundays , ,a,nl . 655, 95. "Saturdays only. .60 or, (Lord St t) -8 10: 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15, 4' ' 55, l'' 0, 8 5 a 9 Ore9P 3, Sundays 90,25, 8 0. aSatut- 'kl4l3% * * * 4 la, Ffeal-2 8 36, 928 0010, 1113. 115, al 41, 29, 255. -29, 7-; 37, a 3, b 4:, 7'45 b 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, , Wid,,'9. aSattirlirl.V6 0 dy., bSaturdays excepted. j,20 41" (L. & \ -A)-1 b 8 55, v . 9 33,19 33, 12 16.1 4, 210, , 48.8 50*, 116. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 53, D 4/ 'll3l'Z'Z' (Cheshire Lineal- 8 33,9 15, 109, 11 12. 12 25%1 25. '36.5 28.6 12, 7 16,7 56.9 25. all. 42 Sundays .3 42. 35 633, aOn Satulylays only. 815. 9 31, 10 10, 1123, 1215. 54, 5 25,6 10, 7 5. 8 52, 111,3 .655. 11 13.3 5 a.m. 10 30. Svcdays 2 41,

,

k.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN CLERK.

On the minutes of the Health Committee which were submitted to the Warrington Town Coun- cil at its meeting on Thursday night the following resolution is recorded, " That, in the opinion of this Committee it is desirable in the interests of public health that a public abattoir should be established at an early date." In view of the probable discussion upon this question each member of the Council has been sup- plied with an extract from the annual report of the Medical Officer of Health upon the subject of the slaughter-houses of the town, and also a report of the Town Clerk upon the position of the Corpora- tion with regard to slaughter-houses. In his report the Medical Officer mentions that there are 28 slaughter-houses lU the borough, 25 of them being in use. "Twenty-three are in close contiguity with dwelling-houses. Four are connected with licensed pre- mises, and 12 are contained within the premises of the owner or oecupier. They are governed by certain by- laws, but the result of my inspection shows that there is to some extent a disregard of their observance. The pro- vision of lairages is in most slaughter-houses very inade- quate, and there are many defects in the old slaughter- houses, such as (a) an insufficient supply of water, (I) absence of suitable ventilation, (e) the storage of animal refuse, garbage, and filth, giving rise to offensive em- anations. lam satisfied from my frequent visits that nothing like a systematic daily removal of filth ii car ried out by the butchers of the town. This laxity of conduct does not arise from any want of supervision,but from the fact that anything like an adequate inspection of the slaughter-houses by our present staff of inspectors is an impossibility." The Medical Officer adds that the only effectual way of carrying out the proper slaughter- ing of animals is by the establishment of a public abattoir, and he enumerates the following benefits which an abattoir would confer upon the public :—(1) It is the only means' of removing the continually recurring nuisances which are frequent in the slaughter-houses of the town. (2) A better quality of meat would be obtained, and all diseased and questionable meat would be at once easily discovered by constant supervision. (3; It would also be a financial benefit to the town, for wherever abattoirs have been established they have been fairly successful. From returns published the one at Bradford pays 6 percent., the Manchester one not less than 4 per cent., and at Birkenhead 5 per cen . is being realized. In the close of his report upon the legal position of the Corporation with regard to slaughter-houses the Town Clerk says : "The local Act cf 1851 specially empowers the Corporation to erect slaughter-houses and fix tolls for the use of them. It is therefore quite clear that upon the Corporation erecting slaughter-houses and after giving the requisite notice thereof it will be unlawful to slaughter in any slaughter-house erected or first used since 1854. With regard to slaughter-houses which were in use and occupation before and at the time of the passing of the special Act, and which were registered by the Corpora- tion within the three months allowed by the Act it must not be presumed that all such slaughter-houses may continue to be used after the erection of slaughter- houses. It is not sufficient that such places were in use and occupation before and at the time of the passing of the special Act,and which entitled them,in the first place to be registered, it is essential that they shall have been " continued in use ever since. I am informed that there are several buildings have ceased to be used as slaughter-houses ' since they were registered as such, and others that have not been continued in use ever since they were regis- tered, but which are now in use, having been licenqed by the Corporation upon the application of the owner or occupiers to be allowed to resume the use of them. It follows that all such slaughter-houses may be closed as though they had been erected or first used since the special Act was passed." A table compiled by Inspector Norman shows the number of animals slaughtered within the borough each week to be-123 cows, 44 calves, 344 sheep, and 146 pigs. The tolls fixed by the Act for the use of slaughter houses are as follows—cow, bullock, &c., Is.; calf, 6d.; sheep, 3d. ; pig, 4d. The Borough Surveyor supplies an approximate estimate of the cost of erecting a pubic abattoir as follows : land, £l,OOO ; buildings, £5,000 ; fittings and machinery, £BOO ; sundries, £2OO ; total, £7,000. The Town Clerk adds that " Assuming that the table compiled by the Inspector of Nuisances as to the number of animals slaughtered within the borough is correct,l am of opinion that a public abattoir would be about self-supporting."

===== 0002601_18950817_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
A POLICEMAN'S ROMANCE.

Police-constable Taylor's romance is over. For four- teen years he zealously perambulated his beat in Bermondsey, gaining the esteem of his superior officers and the respect of all wha knew him except those who broke the law, the police regulations, and the public peace. Suddenly (says the " Daily Telegraph ") some tempter whispered into his ear that he was the long lost heir to a vast fortune, consisting of accumulated sums amounting to £120,000 in golden sovereigns, and largo estates in the counties of Surrey and Berks. Taylor believed the stories that were told him, resigned his place in the force, with the weekly salary of 355. attach- ing to it, laid aside his helmet and his truncheon for ever as he supposed, and sallied forth to enjoy his wealth. When his good fortune became kGown, he received nearly two thousand letters of congratulation, mostly frem people of whose names he was ignorant, but who claimed acquaintance with him in childhood, and hoped they would not be forgotten. But when the constable I had spent his savings in making inquiries about his " property," he found that, like most stories of long-105t 1 heirs, the information on which he had acted was all wrong, and the gold and the estates simply myths. A number of Bermondsey people who had known him as a faithful policeman, subscribed a small sum to tide him over the difficulties in which he found himself, and also petitioned the Commissioner at Scotland Yard to rein- state him in the force. The request has at length been granted, and on Sunday Taylor once more doinned the helmet and uniform associated with the fourteen hap- piest years of his life. Ells dream of wealth, beyond the regulation pension, has gone for ever.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON TEE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

Week ending 3rd August, 1895. During the week, which was the 31st of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Deaths. Births. Warrington 4O 19 Latchford 2 2

Total 42 21 The excess of births over deaths was 21. The death- rate from all causes was equal t 019.1 per 1,000, against 97 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 14.8 the correspondinv week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 311 per 1,000, against 1.5 the average rate of the Jour previous weeks, and against 1.8 the corresponding week of 1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 15 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up.

8 1 1 5 6 21 The deaths included-4 from diarhcea,2 from phthisia, 2 from old age. 5 from brain disease, 3 from lung dis ease, 1 from heart disease. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—S.arlet fever, 7 cases enteric fever 1 case. METEOROLOOY.—The mean temperature was 57 Fah. and therefore 3.8 degs. lower than the preceding week The maximum temperature 70F., was recorded on the 3rd inst., and the minimum tempnature 401?„ on the 30th ult. The Rainfall measured '42 inch. The general direction was S.W. the readin.; of the Anemometer denoting 800 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

CURIOSITIES OF COOKING.

In a French cookery book of the fourteenth century one is told how to dress a hedgehog to make it taste like a chicken. "How to make a fat lamb of a pig" sounds ingenious, but rather a waste of energy, and it is amus- ing to find a recipe for good coffee start unabashedly with "Take a quart of horse beans." As often as not, I directions in these ancient manuals are extremely vague, 1 and the cook is told in a lordly way to "take pigs," or pigeons, or "an indifferent quantity of butter." One is struck by the number of herbs which our great-grand- mothers used, and which the present generation despise. Who eats chopped primrose !elves at the present day, or broom buds pickled in vinegar, or clovegillifiowers soused in claret, that have stood for a month in the sun? Such poetic feeding is not for us! "To make a Fool "requires two quarts of cream and twelve eggs ; we have known one made in A loss expen- sive manner. As delicacies the Greeks ate young foxes caught in the autumn, rebins, and sparrows, and certain finds of fish snared by moonlight. There is a scrap of an old Greek cornedv *says the " ii,•lden Penny," in which a cook b ,asts of fryin, a fi,ll .i.) exquisitely that it threw Min grateful loi;ks from the pan. A famous Greek dish was the Trojan uh,,,half of it boiled and the other half roasted. , It was stuffed with eggs, ortolans, and thrwhes. Tee Romans ate snails—giants, monsters—fattened until their shells held an incredible amount of snail. The ' kettle in a high class Roman kitchen was often shaped like an elephant's head ; the water was pmred through the trunk. The grid iron might be a huge silver spider or a skeleton fish.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
UTILISING NIAGARA.

Why should the waters of Niagara be wasted ? They maze an imposing and picturesque display, no doubt, but the Yankee wants to train them in the ways of prac- ticality. "And you bet your bottom dollar l'll do it," , says Uncle Sam. The idea has been under discussion for years. In 1870, as Mr. Silvanus P. Thompson recalls in the "Saturday Review," Sir William Siemens, dealing ! with the utilisation of natural forces, made the sugges- tion that electricity might intervene as the means of transmitting to distant places power derived from the Falls. Lord Kelvin dealt further with the plan before a Parliamentary Committee. That was all very well, the theory was inviting enough, but its practical realisation baffled the Columbians. Paper schemes were flying about, as Mr. Thompson says, and engineers talked vaguely of millions of horse-power. " What was definitely known was that if two dynamos, even those Of the kind used for elsctric lighting, placed at two distant points, were joined together by suitable lines of copper-wire into a circuit, power could be transmitted between them by the electric current which circulated from one to the other. Set a steam-engine or a turbihe to turn one of the two dynamos, the other at the distant point would forthwith revolve, and would give out as mechanical power a very large percentage of the power supplied at the generating station. The stationary electric wi.,e takes the place of the running rope or twirling shaft, with an obvious economy whenever the distance of transmission exceeds a few yards." In Switzerland a good deal was done in the development of this work of electric transmission, and some half a-dozen years ago a company of New York capitalists fairly tackled the question as it concerned Niagara. They studied it from the engineering, fioancial,and commercial point of view, and then faced the business of rights and companies. A Land Devetopment Company built a manufacturing village, a Niagara Falls Power Company undertook the electric distribution of power, a Contract Construction Company, directed the engineering work. A Roving Commission collected expert opinion. At this stage, says Mr. Thompson occurred the one. discreditable episode the savour of which will ever cling about the undertaking. Acting on the best of advice,it was decided to fix the size of the electric generators at 5,000 horse-power each, and to mount them,as the Swiss engineers were doing, on vertical shafts going down to the turbines. Plans of machinery were then invited by the Cataract Company from the leading manufacturers and designers of Europe, with intimations which, how- ever speciously conveyed. were destined to be rudely dispelled. For when some twenty sets of designs, many of which were pronounced by the Contract Company's own engineers to be " Extremely good," had been framed with infinite pains, the Contract Company coolly rejected all, and directed their engineers to pre- pare "their own" de3igni. All the excuse ever offered i)r this ungenerous picking of the brains of others wa , 'the increased cost of using European designs, owing to the high tariff in America, and owing to transport! "1 Early in the present year the first of the new 5,000 horse- power electric generators was delivered. The first three turbines had already been placed by a Pedladelphia firm at the bottom of the great vertical shafts. A few days ago regular ruuning began, and will continue until fully 50,000 horse-power is supplied. The first consumers are an aluminium company ; but several acres of factories are already built in the new town to receive the supply of power. One factory alone wants 3,300 horse-power, an- other 1,000, a third 1,500. Even when 100,000 horse- power shall have been taken from the great river, the difference to the eye in the quantity of water will be im- perceptible. Such is America's latest big project,which, it is confidently stated, possesses all the elements of success.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDI

i ~,•) /1:),•,.... ......:-.7,.......„,...,.._...,..„.. t \ j ~, t,.. \)'. ~c 41- • ~' ',',',';'4 ' ''i I.' • ' ;,%,,,,i''H'ii;- AL A ifr.,i.....?.,,,,,,,,,,,5,r,„0rk,%,44,,,;,‘„, :,.4 -,,, • ) it. ..:! Ozi•',•,,,s,r,_::::::',l•'••A''../A4*,:'-: It ,A,i FIV E-RT4EVA EAT. 'lp I:, \ \-10\ , \ , Nook r itt, Cervulsiens it. \ ' ,,... J, Reser" klinlthy Stat. ar Oka - Centhiution doing the Fr diA ' _, ‘ P. /"..! .f TFETUINC 1. . cultiriTeertA. l i•'' ALIVORTH,surrv. ~ .i 0 whi Please Observe the E E s 1 .1 .',-- - IN STEEOMAN % sl-

===== 0002601_18950817_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER. SAI UR D

===== 0002601_18950817_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950817_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION

, AUGUST 17, 1895.

IMPLETE WITHOUT a.

IVEIt

===== 0002601_18950817_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
EAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTIONS,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER;

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SDIITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for I 5 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin ot humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, attet excess in eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or bier curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road.

London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S C 14L RA.Th' 000 RN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER. AND • PIiCTORA.L FRUIT COUGH Lomeli:um, SAME PRICES. by all Neat Medicine Vendors

===== 0002601_18950817_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
"EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON

THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINE AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND HAYDOCK REPORTER THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER;" AND

THE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

TAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

A SPECIALTY.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER

B WNEY STREET.

JOIIN WALKER AND CO PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

; THE Quggys HOTEL. (Late Nag's Head),

W ARRINGTON.

RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, :3_, BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCHWEPP'S, BASS', GUINNES', AND T. JAMESON'S.

FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND STABLING. CYCLIST AND PIL-NIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOB,

S. STIRRUP,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUOTII POSTERS.

LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

'Pieeidilly,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH COMPRISE

rrHE Warrington 4 Mii-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper Comprises Many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton, Golborm, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

rr HE St. Helens Examtner and Preseot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King om,

THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

rr HE Widnze Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in Blithe above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten don of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Ezanunar, in ddition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

DAY: SON, AND HEWITT'S

" ORIGINAL' AND WILBRATED

LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CIIEMIC'AL EXTRACT.

For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene For all eiores. Wounds, and owollen Udders. Far Sore Throats itmlns, and Rheumatism Price 2s. gd .3s. 6d., and is. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re Water, and Yellows, For Chills. Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing :11,1k Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 3s. ed. per dozen liwes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cure. Prirtrated Cows and 14wes. . •Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhea& and Coil c. or Gripes. 'Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price Is. 9d. per bottle, Ws. per dozen.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad Cr

tisemente In ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS.

WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS VD" ON SALES, And 3d. for each st% cceeding 9 wo

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od.

27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 le. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... ss. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 3e. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise inent specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR raxvlons TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale APARTMENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO Lay HOUSES TO BE SOLD I ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE.

Advertisements received at any of the District Offices or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. SL•iirn pa received for amounts under ss.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.. BEs.,sEy STREICT. WAlflc NGTON pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. •

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACA RD Single Sheet, Sit. 3m. by 3tt. Sin,

THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT

A NIONSTRE PLACARD may be mimed by joining number of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. • MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS.

PRINTING ! PRINTING !

THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER,"

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Card f u and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at " the lowest tender."

P AINSTAK I N G PRINTERS are now-a-day sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which ti ey wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associadons Companies, the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, Ac.

Auctioneers Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, an Co-operative Societies; Cnicket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, &c.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give 8.

WOM EN

WOM EN

WOMEN

WOMEN

AIV OM N

WOMEN

WOMEN

I‘V‘ _ _OSIEN

_OMEN

OMEN

WOMEN

WOMEN

WOMEN WOMEN

WOMEN WOMEN

WOM EN

WOMEN

===== 0002601_18950817_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF MODR

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

lIIARROW FIT P HAS.

RICE-. MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL.

OAT RU-KS. OATMEAL SEEDS.-

AMERICAN LINNEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UN DECORTICATED COTTON CIAKF]. SAMPLE AND PRICE, FROM RICHARD ATKINSON A CO.. 11, DUUlir-LANE, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18950817_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIALITIES:

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 15000. THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROM. 3/9 PER 1000.

BOOKBINDING! ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL, KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, FEINTED, AND BOUND IN AN X STYLE.

EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDRRTAKB PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR pUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUF'AC'TURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUN'TANTS. PRINTING FOR CRICeET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING ITOIVTRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL. PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. I THE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BRWEna STBART.

BULB'S

STOVE.

TATIITTS.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPRIETOR.

BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. NOTICE. JOSEPH DARLINGTON, he noted old 11,w1 Tuner, SLATER, STREET, off WELD- ET RE HT, begs to inform the public that he has nothing to do Vitt, any other hose, his only address being SLATER- Irrttu El. and invites ins,,ection of his Bowls, made out of OP best dark lignum vita, Strictly made to follow the ja,k, GENERAL WOOD & IVORY TURNER, 12, 14, & 10, SLATER STREET, ONLY. LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1820.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HE G- ASLODYNE,

"Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrheas awl lnftuenrs. For Paining In Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Cone and Lung Disorders. Price 33. 6d. per bottle, • irECIAL CALVING AND LAMBINO CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- nage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing Mid Calving Disordei s," gratis and post free.

ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY.

MUSIC FOR THE PEOPLE.

Sir,—Now that the band seoson is drawing to a close, I should,as one who is deeply interested in the playing of the bands in the Park, like to suggest that something should be done to encourage the bands in their good and useful work. Could not the Band Association see their way clear to give a cup to be contested for by the local bands—for instance, a cup something similar to one of those given to the local Football Junior teams ? If this could be done I feel confident it would be the means ofl bringing up the bands to a better state of efficiency. am not in any way complaining of the playing, but I think there is room for a great improvement. With the number of bands in Warrington I think if till above suggestion could be acted upon it would stimulate the members to attend practice all the year round, as I find by inquiry that there are a number of bands who only have pra,.:tice in the summer season, with the exception of a little practice at Christmas time. Not being in any band myself but a lover of good muiic, I think with the material there is in Warrington we ought to be able to hold our own with other contesting bands, ssch as Bosses, Wyke, Dyke, Kingston, Denton, Mossley and others. Hoping that an abler pen than mine will take up the subject.—Youra truly, HARMONY. Warrington, August 9th, 1895*

RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB. FLOWER CARNIVAL

===== 0002601_18950817_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY WAVE 'YOUR V MONEY I INJUIth YOUR HEALTH by taking wor'hless advertised reme- dies. Don't be deceived by se-called te*timoulals. Re- member th‘t what may prove effectual with some persons would be quite use less for your case. Send one stamp for my vslultile little book, a hl.'h tell, you "WHY ADVERTISED MEDICINES FA I L"— " THE INJURY THEY CAUSE TO THE SYS- TEM" METHOD OF CURING IRREGULARI- TIFS ,ft OBSTRUCTION," and "HOW To PREVENT SUCH AILMENTS." Sufferers should get this boll( before experimenting with datigewma Quank Re- medies. Obtain it at once fro,n the Auth

===== 0002601_18950817_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SISTER CHARLOTTE,

13, High Holborn, LONDON.

Ni,d3C PAPER.

DARVEL BAY TOBACCO.

- agars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value thms Havana or Mexican. •1 an.w In a position to or them at the exceedingly law rine of 18s. per 100 or samples am be had Ist Slot Is. THE SIOKERIHS.

110.118B11AUKET-ST., AND YE OLD FOX INN,

BUTTRIVIARKET-STRUT. WARRINGTON. J. BUS s.V ICX. Proprtet•r.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
'NO ISMOK—R, NO CIIIAINBY, NO DUST, SO GA.`,. NO OIL. Burnit,g the New Smo ieleas Fuel. See the lat.et bitore you parch tse. IRONING MADE E kSY. Urttol entirely sopersrded. A srlf-heAtlng iron for 55 Thousands selling. Rupp ied on spinoval. S tiOVVIsOOMS. 41, DIIANBGATE (opposit- tram office) DAMAN/ ENGINBI4IUNG WORKS. Great Redgewater.street. Oxford-stree

===== 0002601_18950817_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
7..rttero to the Obitor.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
AND LANTERN PARADE.

Sir.—May I trouble you to publish the following par- ticulars in reference to the above. The collection realized £4O 133. 7d. made up as follows :—One half sovereign, four half crowns, eight two shilling pieces, 57 shillings, 98 sixpences 124 threepenny pieces, and 140 Ws weight of copper. I should like also to return my sincere thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who so ably aßsisted us on Wednesday night as collectors.—Yours truly, HARRY WRIGHT, Hon. Treasurer. 90, Oxford-road, Runcorn,lsth August, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LANTERN PARADE.

Sir.—The immence success which attended the lantern parade at Runcorn on Wednesday evening was entirely brought about through the untiring efforts put forth by all who took part therein, and as it would he impossible to attempt to thank each person individually we take the earliest opportunity of publicly tendering our very best thanks on behalf of the working committee to each and every individual for the unatinted and strenuous effort set forth to produce so worthy a turnout in aid of ' the work of such a laudable and praisewor.hy institu- tion.—Yours truly, W. H. MACK, W.S. W. E. DUDLEY, U.S.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHERDS.

The members of the " Warrington Juvenile Burial Society," and Widows and Orphans' Fund of the above-named Order assembled at the British Workman Public-house, Horsemarket-st , on Mon- day, to hold their 24th annual meeting in connec- tion with the Juvenile Society and the 40th annual meeting of the Widows and Orphans' Fund. The members belonging to bath funds responded to the summons convening the meeting to a very large ex- tent,in fact to a larger extent than had been the case for some previous years. The meeting was presided over by the President, P.P.C.S. William Gleave,who was supported by the vice-President, P C S. Thomas Duckworth. The Chairman' in the course of his address, alluded to the work of the past year, and said it bad been an eventful year for the Order and full of much encouragement, and he thought was highly gratifying to them all to find that the efforts made to improve their financial position had re- sulted in the increase of capital during the year to such an extent as would suprise even the most san- guine amongst them. The general secretary, P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir, in submitting the annual balance sheet for the year showed a gain upon the year's accounts for the Juvenile Society of £145 lls. 91 . thus making the total worth of the Society £1,374 17s. lid. and a total membership of 1,147. The report further showed that the Widows and Orphans' fund had made a gain of C 8 155.2 d. upon the years transactions, and a total worth of £l9l , is. 5d He said the balance for the Juvenile Society had not been 'gained without its difficul- ties. They had, like other collecting Societies, had to contend with the depression in trade, and it had only been achieved by the perseverence of the col- lectors who he believed were of sterling value to the society. He further reviewed the pro- gress the society had made for some years back,and stated that year after year they bad made a steady gain, in fact the balance had never been on the reverse side and in taking the 5 years that had just passed they showed a nett gain of £519 6. W. and an increase of membership of 40) for that period, and he considered this augured well for the future of the society. The auditors, P.P.C.S. Peter Edgar and John Jones, in giving their report compli- mented the members rpon the satisfactory manner they bad found the accounts of both societies, and assured the members that so long as such diligence was excercised by those in charge of mattersin that direction the society must continue to prosper.— The election oZ officers and committee next took place. P.O.S. Thomas Duckworth was unanimously elected President for the ensuing year,and D.P.C.S. William Eckersley, vice president. The following officers were also appointed: general secretary. P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir; treasurer, P.P.C.S. James Parr ; trustees, Bros. William Holmes, Peter Itkigar, and William Ecicersley ; auditors, Bros. Peter Edgar and John Jones; committee, Bros. John Jones, Joseph Whitlow' Joseph Sykes William Broaay, Thornss Miller, Samuel Bradshaw, William Hall, Thomas Warburtor, Wiliam Knowles, Jeffery Benion, Edward Cliff', George Howard, David Harris, henry Warburton. and James Gresty. The remainder of the agenda paper was completed. It contained motions of an important character which canard very lively discussion. The orineipal speakers who took part were Bros. Jam, es Perr,Peter Edgar, Juffery Benion, Fred Massey,Pet er Ki rk ha ro, Simnel Blythe, Thomas Miller. A vote of thanks was accorded to P.P.C.S. William Gleuve, the re- tiring president, for his services during the past year and several members spoke in very high terms of the manner in which he had discharged .those duties. Bro. W. Gleave suitably responded, after which the meting terminated. THE REGISISATION OF TRISH VOTERS IN WARRINGTON.

, The usual weekly meeting of the Leagne of the Cross. took place on Sunday evening, iu the League • Hall, Bewsey-street, Mr. John Mullins, president, in the chair. Mr. Mullins in his address referred to ' the coming revision of the list of voters. He said , that the estimated number of Irish people in War- rington amounted to 9,000, and that according to . the average number of voters, which is one in seven of the total population, the Irish vote should be • 1,285. But,. be lamentable fact if, that the Irish vote is less than 600. He went on to show by a careful analysis of the whole electorate, that the proportion of voters (exclusiveof the Irish element) was one in four of the whole of the population; whilst the proportion of voters, held by the Irish, was only one in eighteen. The President concluded a lengthy address by exhorting the Irish people of Warrington to exert themselves, and not to rest until they were properly represented on the regis- ter. He laid particular stress on the necossity of making a personal claim. Every man entitled to he on tbe register should, he said, see after it himself, and not leave this important business in the care of anyone. He said it was all very well for people during the excitement of election time, to shout and to become interested, but now is the time to be interested. The battle is to be fought it* and not at election times only. The President, after saying everything that could be said in order to rouse the Irish people from the lethargy which seeps to hold themdown on this fubjact, resumed his 'seat after calling.on the Vice-President toitddress the meet- ing. .dr. J. C. Dalton, the vice-president, said the rank and rile of the Irish people in Warrington were not 140 much to blame, as were the leaders of Irish opinion in the town. There seemed to be a spirit of inertness existing amoog the leaders, which showed that they were destitute of the power of moving themselves in this important matter, and so long as this state of things was allowed to continue they need not blame the people for their indifference, tie advocated the coming together of the Irish people, and the forming of a compact body of workers, pledged lovingly to carry this work on to a succestul issue. Tee rest of Mr. Dalton's address dealt with the evils of in- temperance generally, but more especially of the terrible havoc it was making amongst the Irish people. He concluded by exhorting the members of the League to he faithful to their religious duties, as it was their only hope of preservation. The Rev. Father Ryan, of the Church of the Sacred Heart, Bank Quay, administered tli, pledge of total abstinence to six men, and counselled them to be it faithful to their pledge, and as a means to that end obe faithful to their monthly communion. It is a very pleasant feature of these meetings of the League, that they are not only well attended, but seem to be a channel of very profitable information and instruction for the people.

_ 'GOOD TEMPLAR& The weekly session of the Hope-of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templets was held on Monday even- ing in the Co-operative Hall, when there was a good attendance of members presided over by Bro. J. Hatton, C.T. After the usual opening services several candidates were proposed for membership. A report the meeting of No. 1 Convention held on. the previous Saturday was given by Bro. George Clarke and adopted. Bro. Barker, secretary, read Vie suggested programme for next quarter and it was adopted. The programme for the evening " Socialism and the Drink Problem," was intro- duced by Bro. George Clarke, E. Superintendent, and taken part in by Bros. George E. Warburton, John Taylor, J. Hopkins, E. Newman, Quarter- master-Sergeant Roberts, &c. Thanks were ten- dereJ to pro Clarke and a very instructive and enjoyable session was then duly closed. The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Template was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. J. Hatton, C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance. A number of candidates were proposed for member- ship, and the report of No. 2 Convention held on Saturday was held by Bro. G. Clarke and adopted. The programme for the ensuing quarter was sub- mitted by Bro. Barker (secretary) and accepted. Several other items of business were transacted,and the programme of the evening was proceeded with, being a paper entitled "Socialism, and Tem- perance Reform,' introduced by Bro. G.Clarke, Bro. G. E. Warburton, and J. Taylor assisting. A dis- cussion followed, in which Bros. Sergeant Roberta and E. Newman and other members took part. Thanks were accorded Bro. Clarke for his pro- gramme, and it was decided to hold an open meet- ing next week. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION CLASSES. The following results of the-Science and Art examinations held in connection with the above classes have come to hand :—Building contraction, W. Edgar, Ist A.; J. Evans, H. Hopwood, T. Kent, W. Stephens, 2nd A; J. Drummond, H. Starkie, R. W. Watkinaon, E. fair. Freehand, A. E. Bygate J. H. Dodge, J. Evans.. H. Hopwood, J. Pidcock. let; H. H. A nderton, T. Briggs, IF. C. Higgins, M. Finn- ing„T. W. Lowe, J. Marsh, M. Sweetlove, 2nd. Model, J. H. Dodge, J. Evans, A. Molyneux, J. Pidcock. Ist; A. E. Bygate, T. C. Higgins, 11. Hop- wood, 2nd. Magnetism and electricity, J. N. Benison, E. G. Hulme, W. W. Thompson, E. pass. Steam, W. Haselden, E. fair. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL, The annual treat to the scholars attending the above Sunday School took place on Saturday after- noon. The chilaren, to the number of about 1,100 mustered at the church at one o'clock,where a short service washeld by the Rev. T. R. Matthews, vicar. At the conclusion they formed in procession, and headed by the Earlestown prize band, with the Re- formatory school band heading the boys, they made a tour of the principal streets of the town, arriving at the Newton race course grand stand about four o'clock. Tea was served shortly after arrival in the upper and lower rooms of the stand, to which the scholars did full justice. Soon after tea rain began to fall, which put outdoor games out of the question and many of the children went home, whilst others remained and enjoyed themselves romping about, the capacious stand. To make up for the disappoint- ment, the Earlestown band attended at the race coarse on Monday,and besides dancing for the elders various games were indulged in until dark. FIRE AT NEWTON. About five minutes past 12 on Wednesday Morn- ing, P.C. Jones was passing along High-street, New- ton, when he observed the window curtains and drapery in the parlour window of 121, High-street, occupied by Mr. Thomas Mayor, to be. in flames. He aroused the inmates, and together with Mr. Mayor he carried buckets of water from the back kitchen, and succeeded in extinguishing the flames. It appears one of Mi. Mayor's daughters about 10 minutes previous to the discovery, had been into the room,and used a lighted match for the purpose of finding a reel of sewing cotton, which was amongst some cloth cuttings in a newspaper under the window, and it is supposed that a por- tion of the match fell amongst the cloth and crowd the tire, and if P.C. Jones had not seen it when he did, the damage would have been considerable. As it was, it was estimated at. between £2 and £3. SONS OF Txmisitnarrcx. The usual forLnightly meeting in connection with the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets was held on , Wednesday at seven o'clock in the Co-operative Hall. Sister Ethel Pearson, W.A. presided. The usual business was gone through The adult, mem• hers met in the same room at eight o'clock, Bro. John Pickett, W.P.. presided. After opening, a dis- cussion was entered into by the membsre on sick members as to their duties during sickness, one special case was mentioned and special help was promised if needed, thus showing the Sons of Tem- perance do not forget their more unfortunate brethren in time of need, exemplifying one of the cardinal principles øf the order "charity" by ex- tending a helping hand to each other. Several matters of interest to the order were mentioned and talked over, and a very pleasant meeting closed about 945.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1895 EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL 1.0.G.T. (EBENEZER LODGE). The usual weekly session ot the Earlestown Eb- enezer Lodge was held in the Co-operative Hall on ' fuesday evening. The sessson was presided over by Bro.W.Hatton,C.T., and one candidate was admitted to membership. The programme of the evening was a 'Fruit banquet," Bros. Slorri and W. Brown being responsible. A choice selection of lruit was distributed to the members present, and a very en- joyable evening was spent. Thanks were tendered to Bros. Morris and Brown for their efforts in mak- ing the meeting successful. NEWTON FAIR. The August cattle lair was held at Newton on Monday and Tuesday. The first day was devoted to the sale of cows of which there was a very good show, many considering it the best held for the past ten years. The cattle changed hands freely, good milkers fetching £2O, while as much as £25 was realised. On Tuesday the horse fair was heti, c;,cl there was a good show of horses, both in num- ber and quality. heavy cart horses brought £5O eacli,whilst the lighter class changed hands at from £35 to £4O. Cobs realised £2O to £25 each. Busi- ness was good, and there were plenty of buyers from Manchester, Liverpool and Wales. Mr. W. Ronayne, a local dealer, had a good show Of cobs for which a ready sale was effected.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held on Monthly atternoon in the Earlestown Town Hall. Mr.C. B. F. Borrori, J.P.. C.C., presided, and there were also present :—Messrs. J. Simpson, W. Beattie, F. J. Woods, T. Ormond, W. Gilmour, J. W. Emmett, J.P., P. Mc- W. Sloe, E. T. Evans, Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, J. E. Worsley (law clerk), and R. Brierley (clerk and sur- veyor).

Before the business or the THE LATE COLONEL MCCORCIIIODALL Council was entered upon, the Chairman said that since the last meeting of the Council a gentleman had passed away whose loss was regretted and who for about half a century had resided in that neighbourhood. He referred to Colonel McCorquodale, who was as they were all aware a very deeply prominent figure in that district both in private and public life. He formed one of those who originally in- itiated the formation of the Newton Improvement Com- missioners. They would find his name as being one who took part in the capacity of Commissioner for over 40 reams° that in his public life he had served that consti- iiiency and had devoted his well-known business capa- city to the benefit of the district. Looking back for so long a time they must all feel that the public had lost a very valuable and earnest servant, and that his place in that district would be very difficult to fill. He would add no more but ask the Council to pass the following resolution :—" That this Council &sites to express its regret with which it has heard of the death of Colonel McCorquodale, who was one of the original Improve- ment Commissioners nominated by the Newton District Improvement Act in 1855, and who was from that time until its extinction last year, a most valuable member ef that Board of which he had sat as chairman for over a quarter of a century ; and that this Council desires further to express its appreciation of the valuable ser- vices rendered by Colonel McCorquodale to the &strict in many other capacities ; also that a copy of this r.on• lution be pissed under the common seal of the Council and forwarded to Mrs. McCorquodale with an expres- sion of sincere sympathy and conglolenco of the Council with Mrs. McCorquodale and family for the loss they had sustained." Mr. Emmett seconded .the resolution. He said that he could only reiterate what the resolution had stated. The public had lost a very valuable friend, and he could speak from long experience. He had had the pleasure of sitting at that Beam with Colonel McCorquodale for over a quarter of a century, and he had never met a more perfect gentleman. Be was a man who always poured oil on the troubled waters, not only when on the Board, but elsewhere. He regretted that he had to second the resolution, in one sense, because Colonel McCorquodale had passed away. Mr. Gilmonr, as one of the-yeungeermembers on the Board,but one of the oldest inhabitants of the neighbour- hood, supported the resolution. He said that he had at various times gone on deputations to Colonel McCorquo- dale, on various subjects, and he had always received from him the greatest cordiality and courtesy. As the Chairman had already said, the whole neighbourhood would deeply deplore his loss. He himself deeply regretted that in the, order of Providence the Colonel had been taken away, and he was sure that what had been said was not mere sentiment, but that they hon- estly believed it. . The Law Clerk on behalf of himself and the officials of the Council, expressed his appreciation of the resolution which had been proposed. He could assure them that during the time he had served there as law clerk,a period fast approaching.2o years, there was never a time when Colonel McCorquedale's management of that Board had not been conspiciuous for its ability and courtesy,and for, its keen grasp at the business which was presented to the Board.. His rule there was agreeable to the officials and was of real benefit to the district, for the various things which he promoted. He -(tbe law clerk) had a melan- chol), pleasure in endorsing everything which had been said.'

THE'OTICHSEERS' QUESTION AGAIN. TRH ..,MINGTES OF THH

LAST MEETING REJECTEE.

The Clerk then read the minutes of the last meeting of the Council. Before they were formally put to the Council

Mr. Gilmour questioned the correctness of the Minute with reference to the discussion of his motion as to the overseers at the last meeting. He said that the Clerk made it appear that he (Mr. Gilmour) was incorrect. Mr. Ormand also called this minute in question. " • Mr. Emmett said that this matter ought to be cleared up before the minutes were passed. The Law Clerk ought to say whether the Council could appoint more than two overseers Of not. •

The Law Clerk said that he thought that the explana- tion he gave at the last meeting would have satisfied Mr. Gilmour. ,The circular which had been istued tram the Local Government Board recommended that for the present year, the number of overseers appointed should be the same number as had hitherto been appointed. The number hitherto appointed in that district had been two, and he, therefore, advised them to elect two. When the questiorr came up for discussion the next time, there was plenty of time to discuss the matter. Mr. Ormand said the misfortune was that the circu- lar had not been produced. The question waa not a legal one, and was one which the members of the Board could either take up er leave alone. Mr. Emmett contended that the Llw Clerk still adhered to his former statement that only two could be appointed. Mr. Slee said that the question was perfectly clear to him. They could appoint two, three, or four,but it was advisable that they should remain as they were for 12 months. _ _

Itlr.Emmett eaid that the Law Clerk ought to say that ho was mistaken in the advice he had given.

Mr. McMahon said that he had distinctly asked Mr. Womlev, before the agitation upon this question com- meneed, how many overseers could be appointed, and Mr.Worsley had said two and no more. The Law Clerk was over-ruling an Act of Parliament. The Chairman observed that it did not matter to a single individual whether there were two, three, or four appointed. In his view, the Law Clerk advised them to make no alteration upon what had teen previously done, and he thought that that was the right course to take. Tie minutes were then put to the Council, and the following was the result of the voting. For the passiqg of the minutes : the Chairman, Messrs. Wood,Simpson, glee, and Kaye, 5; against : Messrs. Emmett, McMahon, Gilmour, Beattie, Evans, and Ormand, 6. The minutes were therefore rejected. The Clerk: What are you going to do now?

The Chairman,: Those who opposed the minutes ought to move a resolution showing where they aro innecurlite.

The Clerk : Is there any dignity in these proceed- ines ? •

The Chairman aaid that it was only fair to the Law Clerk that any error which he made ought to be moved in the form of an amendment. It was not right toat the gentlemen should vote against the minutes without showing in what sense they were inaccurate._

, , It was finally decided to proceed with the business of the meeting. . HIGHWAYS kC. COMMITTEE. - .

The minutes of this corn >nittee which appeared in our last i•glif. were proposed by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. McMahon. Mr. Ormand asked whether any reply had been re- ceived from the Golborne Urban District Council as to the pollution of Newton Lake. Re would also like to akk whether anything had been heard from the County Council with reference to Newtsm Common. He also wished to know by whose authority Messrs. R. Evans and Co., were asked to pay compensation to the Council for their interest in the land and structure nf.the retaining wall at Hsydock railway bridge. Rethought that some- thin,, more than a monetary compensation ought to be given. Mr. Brierler said that a letter had been received that morning from the Golhorne District Council. It was decided to pass on the letter to the special corn. mittee dealing with the matter, _ _

LECTURE ON NEWFOUNDLAND On Tuesday evening the Rev. T. J. Newman of St. John's, Newfoundland, and formerly of Earlestown, lectured in the Wesleyan Chapel, Barlestown, on " England's Oldest Colony ; Newfoundland." Mr. Thomas Ormand presided, but there was only a scanty audience. The Chairman said he felt sure they would accord a hearty welcome to their -old esteemed friend, Mr. Newman, and that he would be glad to nhake hands with the friends of the past, and those he was associated with in the Sunday school and the church. Although Mr. Newman could not claim a residential qualification in Earle— town, he claimed a warm corner in the hears of many in the town. (Applause.) —Mr. Newman said he felt it a pleasure to address them on the subject of England's oldest c.dony. They were all English out there, and he did not think Her Majesty had ny more loyal subjects than she had there. Before India or the West Indies appeared on our list, and before any missionaries were sent off by the Wesleyan Church, Newfoundland, had her first missionary in Lawrence Copford. So little seemed to he known of this island that strange ideas pre. veiled in the minds of some respecting wctinags, asTheit. The general impression which rev one expressed it, that it was a land of td.h, frog and dog. The island was situated on the North side of the entrance to the gulf of St. Lawrence, its circuit being estimated at 1.000 miles, and the cost was broken up into beautiful bays, which were noted for their charming scenery. Notre Dame, which was a French possession, had been fitly descrihtiflS the garden of Newfoundland. The publication .of " Newfoundland illustrated " had helped to dispel the views in regard to that unknown island. The soil was rich, particularly in the valleys,and on the shores of tho lakes, the forests in Rome parts were very dense.‘and all sorts of wild flowers and fruit trees abound. There were no reptiles in New- foundland ; they had neither frogs, toads, nor lizards, and :hey were proud they had got none. The e!irnntm unanimously admitted to be very I --- Mr. Wilson Barrett, the healthy, the fog was not Unhealthy SS some people 1 AA will he seen from an adrertis.emnetntauitnhoarn-oatehtoerr supposed ; the lonvrity of the people being noted. j The lecturer also dealt wi,h the religious questions IRoyal1Royal after his recent of the island and he quoted statistics showing in j first appearance in the w ;a brilliant run of success what respect the various (lonominationi had in., (tifith) Anwric.an tour whlchwillasreceive, as he deserves, a creased. The Methodists he stated, had now 64 !aI: v zft. Helens Theatre enmexulteweek. This will the tirnnu:t. performeriome. He will be accompanied by tnissionaries, and 10 agent. 182 Sunday schools,l3iss 11,,1du8,114,4e: 1 436 teachers, and the church membership was any, ge 10,211. (Applause.) He concluded with an appeal ,corld. Mr. J. Barrett's representations will inclu el. for the church to wnieo he was attached, and tha ,r4f, popular thrilling play of Claudian but none building of 'which had been stopped in consequence t•rains Ben-My-Chree," and the newer u h late trains and aCcocUplish,d artiste and a com• nerally,oicet:ve:4lellent credentials in the histrionic 10,211. of the recent hank failures. At the close of the less popular " Manxman." Convenient lecture a vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Newman trams have been arranged to run from St. Helens to the and the Chairman. uutlyiug districts-after each performance.

The Chairman produced a memorandum from the county Counril with reference to common lands, which he said that any member could read at his leisure. After further discussion the minutes of the committee were passed unanimously with the exception, of a few minor alterations.

OAS AND WATER COMMITTEE. The minutes of this committee which we published in our last issue were passed on the motion of Mr. Ormand seconded by Mr. McMahon. FINANCE AND SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEES. The minutes of these Committees, which also ap- p..ared in our last issue were passed unanimously., bath on the motion of Mr. Ormand, seconded by Mr. McMahon. raoroiso waw matut IN MR. BRTERLEVS OFFICE. lii tho absence of Mr. Smith, the Chairman moved,and Mr. Ormand seconded, the following resolutiml That owing to the great increase in the work of the Cl.rk and Surveyor, a clerk be appointed by the Coon- r,l to assist him in such manner as the Council may di rec.'," be referred to the Finance Committee for con- al:ieration. RE-APPOINTMENT OF DR. WATKINS. The Chairman in pursuance of notice given, moved thlt Dr. Watkins be re-appointed medical officer of health for another sear upon the same terms as the office new held by him. He paid a high compliment to Dr. wstlyins for the able manner in which he had performed his duties.—Mr. Emmett seconded the resolution, which wAs passed unanimously.

MB. WILSON BARRETT AT ST. HELENS.

GOOD TEMPLARS CONVENTION.

The half-yearly session of No. 1 Convention, S.W. Lancashire, was held on Saturday, in the Good Templars Hall, Hindley. The meeting was opened at 3.45 p.m., by Bro. Q.M. Sergeant J. W. Roberts, C.C.T., of War- rington, presiding. There was a good attendance of representatives from lodges in Warrington, Earlestown, Prescct, St. Helens, Ashton, Wigan, Tyldesley and Hind- ley. The usual press and credential committees were appointed, after which the reports of officers were received. Bro. Roberts, C.C.T., in an interesting report offered some useful suggestions for the improvement of the Order in the Convention area. Jiro. E. Newman, C. secretary, had received reports from some of the lodges, several showing a small decrease in numbers. He hoped, however, that those yet to report would indicate an improvement. The Parliamentary Election had to some extent interfered with the general work of the Order, but he trusted that now that was over the lodges would stir up and during the coming sessions materially improve their positions. —Bro. Francis, C.E. Superintendent,gave a report on electoral action which, as altready indicated, had received considerable attention dur- ing the past qaarter, but the result had not been tar satisfactory as was desired.— The financial report read by Bro. George Tomlin, C. Treas. of Warrington, showed a good balance in hand. Several matters atf, ming the internal working of the Convention received consideration, after which the ! officers for the ensuing half-year were duly elected C.C.T. Bro. Q.M. Sergt. Roberts, Warrington ; C.C. Br). Jchn Taylor, Earlestown ; c.v.T. Sister Mrs. Nurse, Warrington ; C.E. Supt. Bro. J. Lindow, Preecot ; C,.S.J.T. Bro. A. Francis, St. Helens ; C. Sec. Bro. E. Newman, Earlestown ; C. Treas. Bro.:George Tomlin, Warrington ; C. Chap. Bro. J. Hatton, Earlestown, &c. A special vote of sympathy and condolence with Bro. and Sister Singleton, of Earlestown was adopted, Sister Singleton having recently, on one day, lost both parents. wa decided to hold the next session at Eeriest* wn on Saturday, September 14th, when the question of " How Ito improve our Lodges" is to be introduced by Bro. E. Newman, C. Sec., in a short paper, to be followed by a discussion. Thanks were tendered to retiring officers and Bro • George Clarke, P.C.C., responded. Thanks were also accorded the Hindley friends for their excellent arrangements for the session, which was brought to a close at 6 p.m. A public tea followed, and was tar gely attended.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
QUARREL BETWEEN WARRINGTON

IRON WORKERS.

PROCEEDINGS AT THE COUNTY COURT.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, an action was heard in which John Pigeon, 112, Liverpool-road, sued John Elwell, 225, Liverpool-road, f3r £lO damages for an assault alleged to have been committed by the former upon the latter at Monks, Hall and Co.'s ironworks, on July sth. Mr. Fowler prosecuted, aud Mr. Arthur Browne defended.

Mr. Fowler said that both plaintiff and defendant worked at Monks, Hall and Co.'s works, the former being a "turner in," and the latter a furnace man. On July sth, the plaintiff and defendant were working on the night shift. Plaintiff's duty was to get the red hot iron through the rolls, where it was rolled into sheets. The defendant's duty was to heat the iron red hot in the furnace and then drag it along the ground by means of tongs to the rolls. On the time in question, the plaintiff complained that the iron was not hot enough. The cause of the complaint was that if the iron was not hot enough, there was great danger of anyone working it,as it was liable to split, and fly about the place. Some words ensued and tlae defendant then put tie tongs round the neck of the plaintiff. They were very hot at the time and burnt the plaintiff very severely. The plaintiff had to be attended to by Dr. Nuttall, and was away from his work three weeks in consequence of the injury he had received. The case had not been taken to the police court because it could be much more ade- quately dealt with at the county court.lt might be argued that there was provocation in the case, hut he (Mr. Fowler) contended that even if there were provocation, there was no excuse for the use of dangerous implements. Mr. Browne said that he was going to say that the defendant acted as he did in self defence. Mr. FoWler contended that even in self defence there was no right for dangerous implements to be used. John Pigeon, the plaintiff, said that he worked at Monks, Hall and Cs. On Friday morning July 5 at about two o'clock. he was working at the stand rolls, rolling iron rods. Defendant was working 10 or 15 yards away and was engaged bringing red hot iron to the rolls, by means of tongs. He had a few words with the defend int about the state of the iron which he said was not hot. Defendant told hum he was a liar and did not know whether the iron was hot or cold. As defendant was going back, he forced the tongs into witness's neck which caused him to fall down. Witness then went to the lodge to have his neck bandaged up. As witness was on the way back, he struck at the defendant with a pair of tongs as he was mad with the pain. Afterwards witness went to Dr. Nuttall and was attended by him. He lost three weeks work and a day and a quarter,those losing £3 12s. In wages. Cross examined : On the night in question he was a turner in. It was the duty of the bolter down to take the iron from the defendant. It was not simply the duty of the bolter down, to complain. Lewis Thomas was the bolter down, and passed the iron to witness. Witness did not run the defendant, and defen- dant did not stand with his back to some railings with the tongs in his hands. There was a large hole about ten feet deep about three yards away from where witness was hurt. Witness did not attempt to push the defen- dant into the hole, and it was not in trying to save him- self that the defendant caught the witness with the tongs. witness did not bri mg the case int, the police. court because he was advised not to do. Witness claimed £lO for damages, three days after the accident. Dr. Nuttall said that he was surgeon at Monks Hall and Co. Ile saw defendant on July sth at about noon at his surgery. He was suffering from burn 4 on each side of the neck. They were not dangerous wounds, but were superficial burns likely to incapscitate him a week or ten days —Cross-examined : Plaintiff told wit- ness that the burns were the result of an accident.

Mr. Browne submitted that the case was an accident brought about by the plaintiff himself. When the de- fendant took the iron to the rolls, the plaintiff had no right to interfere, as it was the duty of the bolter down to do so. On the night in question, some words ensued between plaiptiff and defendant about the iron, and plaintiff ran at defendant in a temper, and defendant backed away until he came to a hole ten feet deep which was railed round to the height of three feet. In this hole there was a quantity of belting, to work the rolls and it was driven ny an engino of 80 or 90 horse power. Had he fallen into thiS hole, the defendant would have been knocked into a thousand pieces. The plaintiff was running at him,and to defend himself,the defendant put up his tongs and plaintiff ran into them. He contend2d that the defendant was not to blame for the accident, as plaintiff had contributed to it by his action. John Elwell, the defendant, corroborated the state- ment of his solicitor.

Lewis Thomas, bolter down, 13 Bramhall-st., said that if there was any compl4 int about the iron, it should come from him or the roller. After the defendant had brought the red hot iron, he was on his way back to the furnace, when the plaintiff threw his tomgs down and ran towards the defendant. The latter backed to the rail- ings round the pit, and put up his tongs to defend him- self from a blow from Pigeou. Pigeon ran against the tongs. The belting wits going round at the time of the quarrel. William Howell, Mersey-st., turner in, said that he was with the gang at the works on the night in question. His evidence was of a similar nature to that of the last witness.

Mr. Fowler sqid that the two last witnesses had been to his office soon after the dispute, and had given de- positions to him in favour of the plaintiff. fie had not enbpceosed them because they promised to come. They had since been subrcenaed by the other side. His Honour in giving judgment,siid that the evidence showed that Pigeon was going to assault Elwell, and the latter was justified in attempting to defend himself. He would give judgment t )r the delendaut.

===== 0002601_18950817_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
HARD ON THE DEFENDANT.

On Thursday7at--tht;--iiii—rrin-g—t;Tn—bOunty Court, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Williani Longshaw, Regent-street, Warrington, draper, sued Mr. Walter smith, gardener. Grappenhall, for £2, the balance owing for drapery supplied.—Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and explained to his Honourlhat the defendant did not dispute that the money was originally owing, but he had said that he had paid a person who was formerly in the employ of the plaintiff. Mr. Browne contended that under the circumstances the onus „Orobandi lay upon the defendant who should prove that he had made the payments. His Honour agreed, and the defendant said he paid to the person referred to the full amount and produced receipts.—Cross- examined: lie admitted that Mr. Longshaw, the plaintiff, saw him and told him that he must not pay any more money to his former employe. The following day, however, he did pay her a sovereign. His Honour told the defendant that it I was unfortunate that he had paid the ..C1 to a per- son whose agency had been revoked according to his admisAon. His Honour then asked if there was anything behind this case and Mr. Browne replied that there was, and his Honour told the defendant that he would hive to pay the .E 1 over spin, and that he would have his remedy against the person he paid the sovereign to. Mr. 'Browne said the plaintiff's sympathies were with the defendant Out he was compelled to stand upon his legal rights. WRINGING IRACHINS GiAncLvs, /mammies Warrington. •

===== 0002601_18950817_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EA RLESI OWN,

EXTENSIVE THEFT OF BRASS AT

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Tuesday, be- fore Mr. James Tinsley, William Trigg was charged with stealing between June Ist and August 3rd, 1741b5. of brass, value £3 10s., the property of the Sankey Sugar Works Earlesto wn

Alfred Ridley, foreman fitter of the Sankey Sugar Works, Earlestown, said that he knew the prisoner who came under his charge on February 16th, as gasmaker. He remained there until Friday, August 2nd, whorl be asked for a day off saying that he had some buslneu to do. The next time witness saw the prisoaer was at, the Warrington Borough police stati„n on August sth. The new and scrap braes produced in court were the pro- perty of the Sankey Sugar Works, and had been kept in the storar om. Several pieces of brass were missed at intervals. c ,mmencing in the beginning of June. Aoout a foitnight after missing the articles, witness In"ked up all the new braes. No one had any right o take any of the things away without squinting witness ot the tact. The value ot the article taken were abotr £3 10s. Fri. goner worked near t) the store room, but he never re- quired any of the articles produced, although he had to go to the stores for white lead. The priaJner always worked satisfactorily. James Toole, marine store dealer. Allen-street, War- rington, said that on August 3rd, rise i r came into his yard, with two bags ot brass in a hand cart. Witness asked who had sent it, and he replied that it was his own, as he had done a bit in tt e brokering line. He asked 3d. a lb. f r it. W,tness offered him 2/d. for it which he agreed to take, but witLe3s could not pay for it until an hour after, and prisoner went aW ty saying that he would return for the money. Witness clever saw the prisoner again until he saw him at the police station on August sth. _ .

Detective-Sergeant Monaghan said that about ten o'clock in the morning of August 3rd, he went to Toole's yard, and there saw Toole and the b as. oroduced. About 10 minutes later, he saw prisoner COining, along Allen-street towards Toole's yard. Witness tofu wed the prisoner into the yard and he stood close to the brass. Witness asked him if he had brought the brass there and he replied he had. Witness told him he was a police officer and wanted to know how he had come into pos- session of it. He said that he had bought it at sales a bit at a time. Witness was not satisfied, and took him to the police station, at the sitTle time taking the brass also. At the police station, the prisoner gave the name of William Williams, 21, Viaduct-strect,Earlestown. He was then charged with being in possession of the brass without giving.a satisfactory account of it. At about 1 p.m. the same day, prisoner's wife came to the police officer, and she saw the prisoner,and said that they lived at Short-street, Newton Common. On August sth, prisoner was brought before the Borough police,and was handed over to P.S. Bankes. P.S. Bankes, stationed at Newton, said that on Mon; day, August sth, he received the prisoner into custody from Detective-Sergeant Monaghan, and conveyed him o the Earlestown Police Station, and charged him with stealing the brass from the Sankey Sugar Works. He replied that he did not value it at £3 103., he was not getting £2 for it. Prisoner after being cautioned said that he was guilty and acknowledged it was takes. He asked to be dealt with in that Court.

Prisoner was committed to the Quarter Sessions for trial.

1 X STOP DNE MOMENT.

S

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for ml Children's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY. TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.'

ctie9o

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant r and does not contain Laudanum, Opium, or IllorPhia' ECONOMISE YOUR HEA.LTIL HEALTH L - THB FIRST WEALTH. tiorh'so All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor 0003- t Graaf are especially exposed to the ever-varying climat'e ° Wier E Britain, B WISE IN TIME Don't tamper Wah but go straight away for

TUDOR. WILLIAMS' ,E 1 PATENT BALSAM OF III01 delica,t; IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested s women, and children. It cures when all otla It cure Coul4l.nr Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma. er 0W..., oi tha. War. rod+ Chest. It cures thousands of children af Tight ',7,':itio aria Whooping Coughs. It cures for One Sbiliing whet' If you have a Cough, try it ; if you have 3 COI 'm ogd Poo have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT l d try you have have Bronchitis, try it. It loosen tha rhinegrniert 0, t f motes expectoration produces warmth chest, and gives refreshing sleep when Y°° have I° rest, 1

READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSIC---ANs /41143101. t SURGEONS. barigl 0086 0 When y mare distressed by a miserable co.", toe.'"-leg • up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a geflr4ey will O it, ;• an.othering, a few doses of the Balsom of ..°rl„o,kilow the wretched symptous away almost befora. tou4o`o,op3 There is nothing lkie it on the market; it 15 lead. Pr ' to date; it triOk les into all the system. A trus fr and reliable in its action. r JUST ANOTHER WORD' rod When you ask or send for TUDOR WrO'lrl;„Ade II the BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to P$ woof °dots' purchase something else. If you do you simPlje oroll 0 gmuine article and take on with a faille 00},;tod fr° Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimonids to parts of the World. • READ OF FURTEM.,-or Y°6lll SPONTANEOUS TIOTIMONY WORTH., CONSIDERATION. Tod°' • 'o' BIR.—My wife desires me to say that Your • WO' of ° Balsam of Honey Ills proved a moat valuabT cough. oce our large family (algid children). As soon as $,,, is 10. • cold makes its appearance a dose of TokiOr'S Ba'su'ijtit t.bv administered, and Ila i a treatment is followed uP tel disappears. Before using the 13 &nun alt. le children have been prostrate with colOfo'-' ae' now, by taking doses, as directed they seenl,,,e cola little inconvenience. During the short time them the action of the Balsam is marvellous. $ ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, 11ga Headmaster Severn

March 16th, 1892.

THEE To‘w FUR READ ON STILL ntiles o,ft, CO' A Cardiff Chemist says :—I have larite3l,',-e COOO William'e Balsam of Honey than any O'" Than: the °pinto' of all chemists. rot'

„”, Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over OOOl 16.11 d, 2s 9d, . nEI 48 6d bottles. x atia sg. Sample butt les sent post paid for Is 31 the Inventor. g•D• ' D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, DO °' MEDICAL H ALL, ABEI: WALHS MA RKE TB. AugugANl) WARRINGTON MARKET.-WEDNEsnO.,BO.- FRUIT, VI;GiiTABLE, PO UL 110 C, 13111°'. s, 4 FISHMONGERS' TABLg• 9. d• , 6 8. d. s. d, • 0 --. I 0 Berl, Eng.,V, tt, CI sto 0 0 melons each ';,' '0 0 *-- 0 8 Mutton ripe:. lb ,5. 68_-_-, 0 011 Oranges, e4c..,. 0 0 _-- 0 ° , 1 Celery Veal „ „ ~,° 8- 0 9 Pears ....... I; 0 0 0 1 Pork . u 5-0 51 A ,ricoi,, &Lc 0 0 ...- 0 6 . Of Pork sides -O ~ C .rrots Per IDA.c.h.O 410 ° WY),Lur,igs., o 0„ s'B- 0 ri Cauliflowwerr:eeao 6 ~.... 8 1 '5 -8 6 °aeon ~,en 0 2 „„.. 0 6 Geese „ - 9 6 CaiebageB .6 0 4 0 Fow's r'couple 4 6-5 6 Tom,does iv ' . 0 8 -.- 0 2 Colulio.kkags , ~ 65 66 t-06 00 sFilberteV.lb it.1:1°() 0:0 di p 111196 0:110,• . 0 1,- 0 0 Ral,bits Hares. each - 0 0 Asparagus vo, , Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes i, I ~,,th 0 0 Par. 'i dge brace 0 0- 0 0 New Pot& °es,' rh 0 Gross „ - 0 0 Most.ro,ms ';.. ' .1 2 -.0 0 Pheasants .„ 0 0-0 0 Green Peas P" '0 3 --. 0 4 ( Turkey Butter, fresh tts 01 02-21 03 Hen eggs 11 1 0-0 0 Pomeg:auates- 0 0 --- 5 0 D,,ek , -0 0 Walnuts., ..... 0 1-'0 C . Apples I'D - 0 3 Lemons ~ ..... '0 0 -'- 54 0 , Green ,Supi dr Vet; ittt. 00 (1).::: On , Onions „ - 0 2 Cheese ............. ~ 6--,, , Grape] „ Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 Good ......... -40 ° --- 0 Greengages VA 00 - 0 8 Medium •••'" 1 4 --1 Che-rie, - 0 0 Lobster fl 4 '''C, 0-- „ - I Stralsbcrries ~0 0- 0 0 Turtot ~ ...... 1 2 0 x Damsons ~., 01 o-- 04 S Imort ',, • .... "" 00 0 . Plums ~0 0- 0 4 Whit.ngs ..... 0 5-'0 , Gnoseberries „.. p o— o p Flukts ~ ..... 0 13" i ItaspoerOes ~0 0-0 0 Eels .. .• ... 0 0 ..., 0 Black Curt-Puts 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ •• --.. C lied Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlinge ..... 0 . _O , Marrows each 0 0- 0 6 Codfish ~ •.. •,:;., 0 v 0 Seakale 4. tr,lo 0 Rhubarb be h 0 0-0 0 Herriwt I. d"-

FOR FIRS T -(41. ASS Po"

TiENTLSTRY. TEETH' Appointments unnecessary, ISt" T arranged. EETH' All consultatione free. cot for TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the TEETH' work required ~ecate Gold and other fillings at 00' TEETH. charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, De ao TEETH. Painless Extraction as bliVrf° by' t TEETH' of Nitrott °side. Icot Maker to Dentists of 10.000 weekly.

bxere. of the late

0 s J. IEE. PARK rj S

(DENTIST Br EXILICi VIET MANCHESTER, 4ti, MOSI.EIr-STR-

(NAT Tr.L. No. 1660). 24, criuRCH-STRO ST. HELENS, GEORGE-S/05r' I se. EARLESTOWN, on TU ESDAYS, at grg' ))41, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, RUNCORN, THURSDAYS on THURSDAYS, 131irPc4's'r. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, is. APPrill°4l'

LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_18950817_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

COUNTY COUNCIL VALUER.—The Cheshire County Council has appointed Mr. Charles E. Linaker, F. 5.1., a referee under the Finance Act of 1894. ODDFELLOWS AT CHURCH. —Over one hundred mem- bers of the Court No. 516 of Oddfellows attended the Parish church on Sunday morning. They proceeded there in processional nrder,and were headed by the Frcd- sham Old Band, which was under the conductorship of Mr. William Jones. The preacher was the Rev. E. Chorley, vicar of Inc. Txcarricar. INSTRUCTION CL ASSES —A meeting of the Frodshain Technical lestruction Committee wa, held in the Board-room, on Monday evening, when there wera present—Messrs. Charles E. LMaker (chairman), J. M. Williams E. Rhodes, T. E alum, H.E. Heywood, and T. Arthur Rigby. From the report of the Secretary (Mr. Sharp) it appear,d th.it the successful pupils who had received instruction in the several classes of the com- mittee were the following :—Geometrical drawing : Mr. Arthur F. Illidge, passed ; five pupils examined. 2b freehand drawing, elementary stage : Fourteen ex- amined. Miss Annie M. Wilkinson, let class ; Misscl D. Robinson, Hilda Rogers, C.E. Harrison' and Mr.Ed ward Earlarn, 2nd class, 3a model drawing, elementary st ige Ten examined. Mr. J. F. Wright, Ist class ; Miss C. E. Harrison and Mr. Howard Earlam, 2ad class. Die committee expressed their satisfaction at the results obtained by the examinations. On the proposition of Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. Heywood, it was resolved that the technical instruction lessons be continued for another session. The Secretary was authorised to apply to the Chcshire County Council, through Mr. Ward, for a grant of £65 for car- rying out the several classes, :which in all probability would embrace, if found necessary, the under-mentioned subjects :—Free-hand and model drawing, carpentry and geometrical drawing, laundry. dressmaking or cookery. St. John Ambulance, shorthand, typewriting, or bookkeeping.

ACTION FOR MAINTENANC-E.-SEQU'EL TO A POLICE COURT CASE.

Thomas Solan, coachman, was sued by his father- in-law, Thomas Stone,Winwick-st., at the Warring- ton County Court before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes,lor 93.,as 13 weeks'maintenance at 13s. per week. Mr. Forshaw represented the plaintiff and Mr. Browne the defendant. If r. Forshaw said that defendant f irmerfy lodged with the plaintiff, and agreed to pay 133. per week. He owed 13 weeks from 22nd of Slay. 1891, to 15th September of the same year. The plaintiff and his wife gave evidence in support of this statement, and in cross- examination the plaintiff admitted that he only commenced these proceedings on the afternoon of the day he was bound over at the police court at the instance of the defendant for having threatened to stab him with a knife. Mr. Browne contended that the claim would never have been heard of but for the police court proceedings, and suggested that it was only brought forward in consequence of the plaintiff losing his case in the police court.—Both derendant and his wife, who was the daughter of plaintiff, swore that they owed nothing, and that the 'amount which the defendant and plaintiff agreed upon was lls, per week.-4is Honour said he should give a verniet for the de- fendant inasmuch as it was quite clear that the case was brought out of revenge for the police court proceedings. Mr. Forshaw said that he had only been instructed the previous day, otherwise he would have advised that it was not a case to bring into the court,as it was only a family matter, and ought to have been settled outside.

SHIP CANAL NEW STEAMERS FOR THE CLAN LINE. Another of the lines sailing from Manchester is taking advantage of the present cheapness ot materials to make additions to its ti-et. Messrs. Cayzer, Irvine, and Co., owners of the Clan line, have, it is announced, placed contracts with the Naval Construction and Armaments Company, of Harruw,for two large new :.3rPCV steamers, to be named the Clan Menzies and the Clan Lindsay. The new ships will be similar in dimensions and arrange- ment to the Clan Ross. Owing to the quietness of the shipping trade to Bombay this year only the smaller vessels of the Clan line are at present engaged on that service,the largest Clan boat which has yet been to Manchester being the Clan Drummond (300 feet long, 40 feet broad,and 2,920 gross tonnage), which has made two voyages front the canal. All the rest have been steamers of the smaller type,about 305 feet long and a couple of thousand tons gross register. The next boat —the Clan Murray—is smaller still, being 290 feet long and 36 feet broad. The larger boats of the fleet are at present employed in the Calcutta and Sauth and East African trades ; but so soon as the volume of exports to Bombay increases suffiuiently, larger steamers will,in all probability, he placed on that service. CASUALTY IN THE CANAL. The Owentlian Thomas (s), from Iluelva, for Man- chester with pyrites, collided with the barques Flora and Odin, moored along,ide Saltport jetty, on Wednesday morning. All three sustained damage. Two barges lying alongside the barques were also injured.

DRUNK AT NEWTON FAIR. On Wednesday morning at the Town Hall, New- ton, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, Peter Gallagher, butcher, of Wigan, was charged with being drunk in High-st., Newton, the previous night. He was driving about High-st. with a horse, of which he had charge, to the danger of the public. He was locked up, and fined 103. and costs.

SPECTACL ES AND FOLDING RYE-GLASSES NP BCTAC CMS euvex or Concave, to suit all Sights, OR FOLDERS, FOR 3D. A FAIR. .313. A PAIR AND UPWARDS. l D. Is. a Pair and more is c' arged else- I A PAIR. where for the same Spectacles or Folders I will sell for 3d. a Oar. I Set GP;NITINEI PEBBLE FPEOTACLES (which I guarantee GENUINE Pebbles) for 2s. 6d. a Pair; regular Optician's mice 6s. 64. a Pair. PRolnEo r your BYES with my 3d. BLUE or SMOKE- COLOUR SPECTACLES or FOLDERS. All one price. 10 0111/11011 STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ATEMORIAL CARDS ... 0110,1 Just received a large Stock of LATBST LA,e"; Oqillt MBMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect saTri,tyllacieni te3l ' printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, owl Handbills, Bill Heads, dre. Newest tIPa JOHN S. GRBEN' THE BOROUGH PRESS. „„,14 _„,,, 1, BRI DGE-STRB -- ___-----___'_____---------"-- ----7"------...---------------si A fdt ^ 'ry,4 t• ' warringten.—Pritated and I:ublistien bv JIRO Twoel'° ;' 00'4 4t The Kraftvinsr General Printing Worlo'• ocEorb.'. ..:. "1 i'llblitilied also at T. Erl7/1 ndr Ll,„fale'orge-.1:,..00,11 . High-street linger/RN and .i 3. Maoist-street, gA.R.Lvero 17, 186 , JIM

fachinery, 34,

Ann Lton, I

===== 0002601_18950817_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ..+ , ...11

===== 0002601_18950817_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
4; IAR Ihie tI AU 11tUt 14,,der itt4i.kt(

41‘°11 nlll

At

===== 0002601_18950817_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IF I

:, WARRINGTON FlOiit AND HORTICUL- TURAL SOCIETY. THE SECOND ANNUAL hXHIBITION Will be hell in the WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM , WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY NEXT. 8, '41,11-44','"W will be °pained on WEDNESDAY at 2.30 p.m. MAYOR,COUNCILLOR JAMES Itefr OUCH. ''nents will be obtainable at the Show at moderate , &hold! IR.._ on it Day Is. up to 5 o'clock, 6d. afterwards to 6how. eeod Day 6d. all day. Children half price. JAMES RYAN, q 6 lion. Secretary. ...._....cOotland road.

SHREWSBUBY. IND,. GREAT FLORAL FETE, RSDAY & THURSDAY, AUGUST 21sT & 22ND, 1895. "It MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW IN ENGLAND. £BOO IN PRIZES. Alone worth travelling 110 miles to see. Rani der the Unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission), of 1:41:i ROYAL HO GUARD u.), Conducted by 'IJAhItL,E3 RSE :M GODFREY. R ; H.lsf. GRENADIER E• Conducted by Lieutenant DAN GODFREY, alternately and combined: The Largest and most I3and heard at any Fête. 80 MAGNIFICENT itRS. tA-,„qms OF THE K.O. SCOTTISH BORDERERS. OF SHROPSHIRE YEOMANRY CAVALRY and ° SHIRE ARTILLERY. Combined Band. 55 Per- •h JULLIEN'S BiIITISH ARMY QUADRILLES, • evening, 6 Bands (230 Performers), with all Jullien's .01111,41ve.,,E cts. LLOITS SERIES OF PERFORMANCES by 01113.).—"tNowNxn ARTISTES (specially engaged for this Fete DONN.4s , ..(fh.eef'frE,in RussiaOlNABcC. SHIMANOUSKY on the High fort his Fete only. Ll9ll. cut°. & HANLON, Daring Flying Gynmasts. tlt ORRICKs TROUPE. on Ladders 100 feet high EAT LEOPOLD TROUPE OF ACROBATS-7 'Triers (direct from Paris). MARVELLOUS ANCILLOM TROUPE OF BICY- -7 Performers (direct from Paris). ECCENI II IC FLORAOOR TROUPE—Musical " ty& ASHBY, Great C,dnese Grotesques „& SPINK. Nautical Drods —THE OLMAR •riple Bars—MDLLP JOSEPHINE. on Slack itrveirAED•S GREAT DOG' CiRCUS an 4 many other 1 'ills Artistes. 4ORPREAT LIFEBOAT DEMONS RATION. tia.LOrE LEAPING COMPETITION., £lOO IN PRIZES. utiOttn‘.„)E ASCENTS BY MR. BEATSON, 'Midden'fi ed "`e•ar„--01.1S ILLUMiN •.TIONS & FIREWORKS by ;WILBER. El Ingham. `01il• A TRAINS FROat PRESTON, WIGAN, BOL- -4l.hr HELENS. WARRINGTON. and all parts. lON:—Wednesday. Oi.e to Five o'clock, 2s. 6. ; Five to Seven, Is. ; after Seven, 61. all day. from Eleven, Is. ; after Seven. 6d. Tickets sold at 25., if bought on or before Nlti AY, A Phq,, ugust 19th. Send Stamped Addressed Envelope Orders to the Hon. Secs. H. W. ADNITT, W. W. NAUNTON, Hon. Sees. The Square, Shrewsbury.

--- 14'61,1%.„IVIER.SUy NAVIGATION ACTS, 1876 AND 1879. , `°R.ltk IS HEREBY GIVEN that JAMES T. Ai s'ARD, Rso the Barrister for the time being ap- t, Ittied i to revise-" the last of • Burgesses of Warrington ,n vote in the election of a Member of Parliament —",„"gh, will hold a Court on tne NINETEENTH saki qwPT E 888 1895 at 2 p.m.. at the Office of the iilisie-n.'34(44:,Widnes, in tin; County of Lancaster, for the t,„ tne Upper Mersey Navigation Electors,to wit, the ';'sons who shall be qualified to vote at the next en- -411,7, election of the Upper Mersey Navigation Corn- tsizers. 4 the 17th day of August, 1895. HENRY COLLIEII, Clerk to the Commissioners.

santtbub!ltirffllats. OF WARRINGTON. 4LEMENTARY EDUCATION ACTS, 1876 and No 1880, T/c tekkalitt. IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the School Attendance of the Borough of Niarrington REQUIRE A ATTENDANCE, INSPECTOIL Salary felloof h 141;_tl,trne ;Celle d pe.rsone apphoie , °nteffiden; aunatd, dervesoitdeeth we iwthion the ‘tlrigh. tppiienut7nns of t .' in the handwriting of candidates, 414 Re and previous occupation, and accompanied by not 4 or b:n three testimonials of recent date, to be sent to me e CorAf°Fo the 19th August. Canvassing the members of Mlttee will disqualify a candidate. J. LYON WHITTLE. ,u Clerk to the Committee, sa, Cl Clerk Office, Warrington, 41" cl August, 18,-5.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

ppUPTIMES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. A-t, T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till b. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9, Grosvenor-street. Lon- km-road. Blanchester.

ROYAL LONDON FRIENDLY SOCIETY. ESTABLISHRD 1861. In consequence of the great development and success of the Society's operations in Warrington and the Neighbour- hood, the Directors have secured a long lease of the premises 135, SANK RY-STki HET, w ARRINOI ON, and the lair Inas of the district will Ue carried on at that address after this date, 29th JULY, 1895 Office Hours, 9to 5. Saturdays, 9to 1. T. H ASHCROF T. District Superindent t

COUNTY OF CHEDTER. AloncE is Hereby Given that at the General Quarter 11 Sessions of the Peace, holden at Chester castle, in and for the County of Chester, on the Ist day of July, 1895. IT WAS ORDERED, purmant to the provisions of " the Licensing Acts, 1872-1874," that the Meeting of the County Licensing Committees relative to the con- firmation of New Licenses be held as follows, viz.:—The Meeting of the Chester Licensing Committee on SATUR- Del'. the sth day of October next, at Chester Castle, at 12 o'clock noon ; and of the Knutsford Licensing Com- mittee at the Court House, Nether Knutsford, on MON- DAY, the 7th day of October next, at two o'clock in the afternoon. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO GIVEN, that the said Meetings on the sth and 7th days of October respec- tively will be especially convened under the provision in that behalf contained in the 32nd section of "The Licen- sing Act, 1874," for the purpose of making (if deemed necessary) orders under that section with respect to towns and populous places. By the Court, REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the said County. Chester, 7th August, 1895. Coph sof the Regulations with respect to the aforesaid Meetings and the transaction of business thereat, and of the Rules as to the proceedings to be adopted for confir- mation of New Licenses, and the cost to be incurred in any such proceedings, and the person by whom such Costs are to be paid, can be obtained on application to the Clerk of the Peace.

GRAY AND DAVISON, ORGAN BUILDERS. (ESTABLISHED 1750). LONDON, LIVERPOOL AND CHESTER. Builders of Organs in St. George's Chapel Royal Wind- sor, Leeds Town Hail, Bolton Town Hall, Portsmouth Town Hail, Crystal Palace, and upwards of 11,000 repre- sentative organs m all parts of the world. LIVERPOOL BRANCH :30, UPPER STANHOPE-STREET.

j. Mos s, FAMILY BUTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STREET, AND 81, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BE MUTTON. VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promply attended to and delivered when required.

THE RURAL DISTRiCT COUNCIL OF RUN- CORN. GRANITE MACADAM. The Rural District Council of Runcorn invite TENDERS for the supply up to the 31st day of March, 1896, of about 2.000 tons of the beet Granite Macadam broken to 2 inch, 1 inch, 1 inch and inch Gauges, to be delivered, carriage paid, in such quantities, and at such times, as dir, cted by the District Surveyor, at any Railway Station or Wharf, within or near to, the Council's District. Samoles to be forwarded, carriage paid, to the Workhouse, Dutton. pecificatione and forms of tender can be obtained at my office in Runcorn. Sealed tenders addressed to The Rural District Council of Runcorn to be torwarted ti me office in Runeorn on or before Saturday, the 31st instant, endorsed Tender for Macadam." The tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the Council to be held in the Board Room at the, Workhouse, Dutton on Tuesday, the 3rd day of September 1895, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon The Council do not bind theincelves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order JOB N ASHTON, Clerk to the Council. Runcorn, 15th August, 1895.

ITEALTII RDSCRT —Univeisity man of great experience J. in Education, about to remove to larger premises, will receive two or three additional boarders at twe thirds the usual fees. For prospectus, address " Doctor," Examiner Office, Warrington.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- cate and bsckward boys. Healthiest place in England. No Medical visit la,t ken yeas. Admission any time. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AUSTIN. LADIES' SCHOOL.- -THE LAURELS, KEG- WORTH,I..4 NEAR DERBY.- Term commences Sep- tember 14th ; Principals : The Misses AltsuSTßONst (late Mrs. Gaultier). Fees modemte. Pupils prepare,' for examina- tions. Governess-student required. -AIR. J. J. LYTIIGOE, LICENTIATE L.C.M., .01_ Organist and Choirmaster St. Paul's Church. TEACHER of PIANOFORTE, ORGAN. and THEORY. Candloates prepared for Musical Examinations. Many past Successes. 7, WINMARLEIGH-SIRERT, WARRINGTON.

STORRS HALL, INOLETON, YORKS. This Establishment is beautifully situated in a bracing and healthy locality. The arrangements of the house afford every convenience that can contribute to health. comfort, and instruction. High-class Education with individual care. Excellent results at examinations, as testified by the numer- ous certificates gained every year. Resident English and Foreign Governesses, also Visiting Professors. Principals—The Misses BROWN Next Term, Sept. 19th.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. HEAD MASTER:- Mr. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus, Ac., on application.

HOME CARE AND EDUCATION, sea Bide required, on reduced terms in a Girls' School of good standing, where first-class Professors attend, a PUPIL willing to assist a little girl with an limes preparation daily. Situation high, close to the sea, with lovely surroundings. 'tennis. &c. A delicate daughter needing change of air in Devonshire would have especial care. North references.— Address " SEASIDP," 142, Fore-street, Exeter.

WARRIN G TO N 11r RANI MAR SCHOOL. The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 17th. FEES :—SENIOR DIVISION £l2 pe• annum, JUNIOR DIVISION £9 per annum. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from eight to twelve years of age. FEE : —Lb per annum. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

mufosriscoAnsLo fSgCellntOl eLmAenttSplol,3lZi g Tgwoood vSo icche so andlars shoimp se knowledge of music, will shortly be competed for in connec- tion with Blairlcoge School, Polment, N.B. Value about £BO per annum each.—Apply not later than August 3i5t,1895, with references, stating age, experieoos, o , to T. WEST- LAILE.MOEGAN. Cathedral Organist, Bangor, N. Wales.

EPPS'S. GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST-SUPPER. COC 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees. SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-z.TREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLIN,TON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to ELMO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £si, „ 20s £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. ~ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. aORDON, Manager.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 39.) AND 41 DALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AITD 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

SODIERW ATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTWORISED AGENTS FOR 'IKE WALTHAM WA !CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE IMP TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JILWELLERY OF EVERY. DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. . H. H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of U. A. Ch 'not). Strings. Bows, Cases, Jcc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCIII.S AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOOLS-FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, 1.. CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOCK. Joiners', Ship Carpenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Pl3sterers', Shoernak re', Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. THE FIRM OF WILLIAM GILL has plelsure in announcing that their arrangements for KEEPING MEAT COOL DURING THE SUMMER, BY MEANS OF A COLD AIR REFRIGERATOR, are now completed, thereby enabling them to guarantee TENDER MEAT DURING THE HOTTEST WEATHER.

WILLIAM GALE, FAMILY BUTCHR R, 27, B ICK-STREET, YRNNEL-STR kET, WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON. BEEF, VEAL, PORK, &c., Always on hand from 50. to EL-cl. per lb. A Trial Solicited.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARE. HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON. WRINGING MACHINES A SPECIALITY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, near WATRIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Established 1885. Estimates given* J SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS RE3ISTERED SANII ARY PLUMBERS, 89 , DALLA,M-LANE, WARRINGI ON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. ?APERHANGERS. PLUMB' PIG done on the simplest and most approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from glo and upwards BEST PRICE given for OLD LEAD.

T ANNERS' LANE COAL Wil ARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL INIANAUER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine kept in atonic. Wagons sent to any Railway Statio arders promptly sttended to. Telephone No. 98 $ N.B.—Orders received also at 19s. Sankett-at.

29, PICCADILLY (apposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONA LDS LIMITED Have revo'utionised the art of Artifici it Teeth making. In Price, Qoality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success Is the greatest evidenc,. of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informiug them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTH WICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT iD FREE every FRI DA Y,ll a.m.to 6p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by U.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best endcheapeit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality.' MACDONALDS' 'I BETH Fit by Atmospl.eric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates f r Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting. Na 'wet, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and .'nchangetable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACI/ONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Erinfess System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEEM are aids toHealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' 9 E NTH are supplied at v holesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorksli re-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lene, Thursday. Please Note the Address r NORTFIWICH BRANCH, 46, HI G H-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 in MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock).

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR rOOD BOOTS.

H. EZAR BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FRARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants own plans. Jobbing pu etually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION, Special Arrangements, &a. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

&bipping gottrts.

ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS.—(Sundays expected.) LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUCT,i'S PO LIVERPOOL. Daily 10.30 am and 2pm tally Sam and 4pm ' Fridays and Saturdays spm Mondays, extra 12.30 am Every Saturday...ll.4s night FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily 2 8.30 am Douglas due 5.3105 rim F Daily due 11.30 am Saturdays extra. Fleetwood to Douglas 12 25 noon. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY, Saturdays end Mondays direct, 12 30 noon ; Tuesdays. Wedoesdays. Thursdays, and Fridays, via Douglas. 2 p.m. Weekends at Ramsey, Special Steamer, Mom'ays, 1 a.m., Ramsey to Liv(rpool. FLEETWOOD TO Ramsay', via Dougtts, every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS TO DUBLIN, Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO GLASGOW. Monday s, Tuesdays and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST. Via Peel, dai.y. Cheap fares and short sea passage. Hall Caine's " Little IVlan Island" a'so Book of Tours and &Wings from Douglas to Dublin. Belfast, and Glasgow, for- warded on receipt of stamps, value 2d., by the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

T IVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY S ILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.g. ' ST. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrive back Liverpool 7.30 p.m. SPECIAL REDUCED FARES FOR PARTIES (If previously arranged at Agents or at Office),e.s. "BONNIE PRINCESS" every Saturday (to 31st August) from Liver 3001 at 1-30 p.m. re,urning each Monday to Sept. 2nd due in Liverpool at 10 15 a.m. For Fares and further par- ticulars apply to Peers Brimelow. Horse and jockey, Warrington ; Messrs. T. Cook & Son, Swan & Leach, Limited, Dean & Dawson, Ff. Gaze Ss Sons. Ltd.. or to THE LIVER- POOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. Attlit,„o,7i-, THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 5.0 a.m. Train in 3onneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 455 a.m. Special Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 238.6 d. } Trains run Third-class and Saloon . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cahill lie. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or ore versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s, Od. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which routt they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney etesengere Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulterstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAY BE OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. (ZPECTAL REDUCED FAR ES between LIVER- kJ POOL, GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabin (single) 6s. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, 10s. ; St;erage (single) 3s. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co. and Shropshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK The first-class full-Dowered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARK NCB DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers in terms stated in Sai,ing Bills, to be had from the Agents -- From Clarence Dock AUGUST (S.W. Side) at OWL BEAR! Thursday, 22nd, ll p.m. OWL Friday 23rd. l2 noon. C. MACIVER & CO. 6. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool ; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester. AGFETS, J. BRUCE MURRAY SI CO., 24 George Square, Glasgow J. &J. DKNHOLM, Greenock

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS REFRESHMENT CATERERS FOR WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCHEON, DINNER, AND UPPER PARTIES. With or Without Decorations. ESTIMATES ON APPLICATION AT THE RESTAURANT. 102, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on rec,-tpt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HA RD AWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Fried l st'published twice daily durim:, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt or post card containing address . STEWARDS' CUP, GOODWOOD STAKES UT EBOR HANDICAP, ST. LEGER, CESAREWITCH, CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE. Sm., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1.. per oz. I IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, f 2e. I SCALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

r HOMAS J. ltaßY, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. Begs to inform his friends and the public generally that he has taken over the Business lately yarded on by him- self and Peter Rigby at the above address, and hopes by strict attention to merit a continuance of their support. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE —lO, MERSEY MOUNT.

TEE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Masson street, Runcorn. Garston„ Mold Jn. Arpley, Warrington

FIRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SKELTON LTD., WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORSEMARKET- STRbET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders ad inquiries will be promptly attended to.

HOLIDAYS. C• JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON, Has all the latest novelties in SUITINGS, VICUNAS, and OTHER CLOTHS For either LADIES' or GENTLEMEN'S wear For the present season. A LARGE ASSORTMENT of GLADSTONE and other TRAVELLING BAGS.

fpping NORWAY, 1895. F ORTNIGHTLY YACHTING CRUISES By the Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. "MIDNIGHT SUN" AND 'NORSE KING." From NRWCASTLE-ON-TYNB every Saturday, at 7.30 p.m. Fares from Twelve Guineas, including every modern convenience and luxury. Apply for Itineraries to JOHN WALKER and Co.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington, or to PIRRIE, HOPE and Co., Baltic-chambers, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

BEST AND QUICKEST ROUTE TO NORT.ti WALES AND BACK SAME DAY. HOLYWELL, ST. WINIFRED'S WELL, PRESTATYN, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FAL°. iN Will Sail from Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting) as under. LIVERPOOL TO MOSTYN AND BACK THE SAME DAY. Average Passage- 1. Hour ald 45 Minutes, Diving passengers about three hours ashore, in one of the prettiest spots in North %Vales. FROM LIVERPOOL. I FROU MOSTYN. Monday, Aug. 19.8-45 am. I Monday, Aug. 19, 11 0 a.m. , Aug. 15-30 am. „ Aug. 19, 8-0 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. *2O. 9-30 a.m I Tuesday, Aug. 20 8.0 p.m. Wed'day, Aug. 21, 9-0 a.m. I Wed'day. Aug, 21, 1-15 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 22, 9-0 a.m. I Thursday. Aug. 22, 1-45 p.m. Friday, [Aug. 23, 9-0 am I Friday, Aug. 23, 2-30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 24, 9-0 a in. I Saturday, Aug 24, 3-15 p.m. Single Fare. Return Fare. Deck le. 6di Deck 2s. Od. Bridge ls. 6d. Bridge SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY AT 2 45 p.m. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. For further particulars apply to the Flying Falcon Steam4hip Co., Ltd., 27, Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone No. 2334.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY, at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI MUDGE, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND kjo., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kJ DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERICAN LDE—SOUTRAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

"IV FOR FIRST-CLASSLPIATIE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. All consultations free. "IFEETH. Each patient for orformrreqbueiforshand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 'TEETH.. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extracti!rit:ashiargo by the aid of TEETH, Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660),1 LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, IS, APPLEMARKET-ST

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNEES'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates. Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON'. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK. STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUAL AGENT.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. • A LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will .11.. be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain. Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed, Hours, 9 to 9 p.m., on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

aiontp. 22 to £6OO Lent to all classes of borrowers on own security. interest low and easy payments. 6d. in the £. All transactions strictly priv.te.—Apply personally or by letter t 3 WILLIAMS AND BELL 16, Lord-st., Liverpool.

TRY, AND DR CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply in confidence JONI&S. 64. Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 22, Cross Lane, Earleatown (private house). Hours 9a nth to 8 p.m. Strictest 'privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

TH E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHE iTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at rvuch lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest Olen elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges s hatever ; si rictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anted. Hills discounted, lies- Pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much e ire terms and lower interest than elsewhere. liefore applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellingi on-buildings South, 2, Littler- land Alley, south Castle-tart, t, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO ctsoo• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. No BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, mmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female Repayments Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to?. aturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOMPII WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119,MERSEY-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ma. JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FEIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Mc aseholders, on their own security. sIONEY TO INCREASE YOU It STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR ROUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enqutry, on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and In WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6 t 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

• UNION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838, Registered Capital £lOO,OOO HEAD OFFICE-38, ligsswaW—STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5 000 upo,l personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, &c., repay- able by instalments, or as may he arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O t 9 Bs. „ £5O „ 20s. „ £ICO 4. 404. „ £5OO „ £lO „ ' £lOOO „ £2O , , First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. , Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. 14.1.13 OFTWE• High-st.. Newton .„44114a.a.Txu Mr.Jamesjordan . Ctrs of .1 Week-ay', 7.a.m. to 9,p.m. ,r ,nee. ; Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m -eiegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. ti and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. pobY Order and Savings Bank Business 9 am. to 6 p.m. Pon.. —Parcels are despatched at 10-1.5 a.m., 2-15 LET,,,15 P.m., and 8 p.m. DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPAICITES. L'nff thetime to which a letter can be posted with Ordi "4r3, Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Uary Pests 6-0 adn, 9'55 1130

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Darnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre.cot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of -Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walefl,Preston,St.lielens, Southport. and South Wales Asltton-in-Malterfield, Earle st,own, Gelborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

Itt p Wales Ireland, Scotland, "d Pore- ......... ign................. and the South `zarteci'arn. Relshy, & Lyn • s..fiast Lou e "bel.,"l'lre, Durham, istorthi. ,he.t:eand, and Lincolnshire . 4telurli Liverpool, Birkenhead, Port,Pregeot. Wigan, Orme- tom'. Widnes, & Earlestown b°4l4lB.°,lll.ll'oreign, and the South sits+:q Counties & South Wales vito;;711, North Lancashire. New - CiCia-Willows, St. Helens, and 1,4 aster tOitheater kno:„ and Foreign, South, S - 411Cao;..ni and Minland Counties wti'e, Runcorn' Crewe, Ches '4155, ales. and Ireland Preston, Wigan, Man- taiideoslier, Bolton, it Chester ...... P 5,44 and Foreign, South. S.- 0 liast,2ll, Midland, Northern, 'tatt irn Counties, & Lancashire Ilie4th"gate, Woolston, Stock twill -ando„ • and Stretton Foreign' South, and S-1 Lent Counties

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, A.CCOUNTANT , AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ). Warrington . AnCrlos Rooms—No.l Rank street AGENT To--Sun Fire and Life Office, London, &stabil 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity (muar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Rolle rI n suranoe Company, Li rulted . Established 1864.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALLIkM. OrrinEs AND k_SCOTLAND-ROAD ChArrikus. SALEROOM f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture OR Sale by Plivate Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

I LANDIIDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST JLJ PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 158.—E. BALM, Proprietor. SOUTTU'ORT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO-Phys., Dr. BARNARD°, Summer and Winter Res device, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Bummer Terms f rom 7s. per day.—J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

°HARMING iSUMMIIN RBSORT.—HRSWALL, CHB- bßricE (near West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, ea and moun- tain vie. is, good shore, most delicious and bracing air. Write for prosrectus, " Glendower " HoiRDING HOUSE, Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends 98. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

y LANDUDNO.—WHST Br% D BOARDING ESTABLISH- . 4 MINT; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness. good management, moderate charkes, home corn- forts; charming situation; view of bay s, close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links; liberal tai,le; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; ,no extras.—T. JEPHCOTT, pro- prietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDOATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARB. Hoxz COMFORTS. CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL /OE BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

11 ORBCAMBR.—Mrs. Poster (from Hatifax), 18, Bdward- .l.U. et. (first street from )lldbuid Station). Comfortable APARTMENTS. • ITANIODATB —Comfortable BOARD and Residence (with two ladles) ter Lady desiring rest; terms moder- ate.—Address 5. GRESAT 0 ZoliGZ-ST.

DUBLI - N (close to Liverpool steamerto.—Acoommodation for Tourists. Charges moderate. Passengers arriving early morning accommodated—Mn. Dowim, 32, Seville- place.

XTRW BeIGHTOII, Pioneer Refreshment Rooms 53, Vio- -1 1 tor;a-road. Good accommodation for commrrcials, ex- cursionisto. cyclists and tilea.ure pArties. Dinntrs, teal!, Az. Good beds. Charge or contracts. • DOITGLAS, ISLB OF MAN.—Good, comfortable lodgings at 4 Grosvenor Itoed ; rtasonable terms; take cab, (half will be paid) drive to above address.

COLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. Dim, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay. I3LAcxPoo iss A. MATTHEWMAN. 24, Adelaide- street, near Central station. Public and Private apart- ments.

DKNMABKMAWK.—Furnished Villas or Apartments. _1 August. . eptembsr, or Permanent, near sea. always liked.— tIETA, Penrhyn Villa. BLACKPOOL —Mrs. BRIGHT BRIGGS and Miss HAM- WOOD (from D.rwsm), 49, Yorkshire-street. near the Central Pier. Public and Envate Apartments.

- BLAnCisledo7ll.oo.mNi,o.rtlinLi—nuFtierst-froiasms orrtosn.tsmanßdurrFluzr: Mendelessohn Horne, 4, Braithwaite-street. J)OUGLAS.—MIifiI. BUIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trams pan—Terms: Pull board, 6s. per day; Tea,Brd and Breakfast, 3s. 6.1.; Beds 2s. per night. andiden zer,2 and e h °nut,. nbter it) Ing lirLeSu.e—hß°B &pi; splendid dlid"scgualPallornn-, 3.35. per week.—Mdme. DRAPIER, 89, Avrnue Tolson d'Or. DLACKPOO CATLOW, 59, Chapel-et. Public and II and Private Apartments; terms moderate; home comforts ; three mlnutea walk from entre' Station and sea. LACKPOOL.—Mrs Kerma, 26, Talbot-square; fortable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartments private or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

AKES. uninierrupted clew of lake, 3 sitting 7 bedrooms, box-r( orn. bath. hot water. gas; eliye to per and cettehea ;trm moderate.—Apply No. 1, SLEDItalr'S AVENUE, Waterloo, near Liverpool.

pOUGLAS.—PrIpmere House. No. 1. Ernprmis Drive. Public and private Apartments with or without board. All bedrooms lacing sea. Irams pass frJrn landing pier.—J. B. H onolt. Proprietor.

IiLAOKPOOL —Visitors wit ti ad cum! ortable APART- MENTS. with or without bo int at Mrs. I. owEres, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore. entitle and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

LIURN MI ED HO.USF.6 b,drooms. 7 beds, Path. Ns .0.. one vitting dining. kiteh.n paltry, garden tr,ok and fr.nt. T.-n minutes' walk from excellent brach tithing. and bathing. Convenient to town by Tram •ml wargonette, £2 15s. per week.—GLASYRYN, Lienbedrog,

EADE'S GOUT & RINUMATIC PILLS I SHOULD NOW BB ILL IN BED. EADIVB ICOILLSJ 107 Jubilee-terrace, 11" ol verb= pt on- road, EADSI plu u ILLS. wais.. Nov. 22nd. 1893. Dear hit.— I write tothank you EADE'S plus, for the very greatamount of benefit I have received from nsing your marvellous Gout and Illienmat le Pills. lam glad to think am able to write. as had it not been fur lour grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, and tun quit, certain I SHOULD NOW BB ILL IN mu,. GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can 601 keel, at my work. I shall use It B 1.1 ATISM ;rig me u ea vd • ore willytlnomwank.. your GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, )our* lal hinny. RHBUMATI E. GUEST. "Mr. G. Bade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepare:l'ollly by George Dade, 72. Goswell-road, London, 8.C.; and Sold bc all Chern,sts. In ttnttlos. Is. lid. and 26.9 d.

PILLS EADE'S GOUT & • 11.11EUMATIC DR. FOXS COUGH AND VOWE WAFERS GREAT REMEDY. THE FOR COUGHS. COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA. HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICB AND ALL AFFBCTIONS OF THB CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers. being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and voting. DR. T COUGH AND VOIcE A v AFERS. Prepared oni by GROUGH HAWS, 72, GOSWRL -ROAD, LONDON, And se:d everywhere Ti Tina 1 1 each. Post tree from the Pronrietor on receipt of Stamps or r. ntal Order.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKE 11. JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS sad MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

MAGNIFICENT and highly finished Silver Centre Seconds. CHRONOGRAPH. com- pensation balance and fully jewelled Payments taken. In every action. Massive plain cases. outside stop, gold movement, every known improvement, mit 10 1? 3 s 6D guineas 12 months since. Our price eV

MIORPHITED, Gold Coin Pend- .l2 ant COIN. Is George 111. Spadeace, guinea, date 1791, is in Payments taken. a state of splendid preservation. Mounted in solid gold with crystal glass. Price only Gels.

CALL and inspect our grand value in WRINUING MACHINgS. Cannot be beaten at the price, fully Payments taken. 25 per cent, cheaper than anyone In town. Our Machine at 335. 6d. 335. 6D. Is the same as sold elsewhere at 455.

J UST in, grand new stock of RITCHIsN HAARTH RUGS. Payments taken. Prices ranging from 2s. lid, to 4s. 11,. 1.25. 6d. Don't forget our Special at

WALNUT OVBRMANTRL, re- duce from £2 2s. Bevelled Payments taken. p'ates. Canopy top. Brackets for 395. Ornlments. A genuine sacrifice for

DARE Opportunity for Working Mau. SILVER LEVER WATCH, outside stop centre Payments taksn. r econds and jewelled in every action. Crystal glass; timed and adjusted. Warranted a perfect time- 353. keeper. A bargain for

SIIFFBRERS from hot tender ',respiring feet and bodies, should lend stamped addressed envelope to ELLS, 5. High-street, Whitstable, Kent.

ElßODSHAH.—Freehold Detached House ON BALL three J.? sitting. five bedrooms, large gardens; rent £35, no chief ; price RM.—HAMM, Church-lane. Sale. ' DRABS PLATBS, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates _LP fic.—CHArtite R. HALL. 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

qv be Dispo,esl of, a Joiner's WORKSHOP and Business; 1. also Stock-In-Trade: may be taken at evaluation Apply JosauA. Hswirr,lBl, Prescot-road, Old Swan, Liver- pool. eiCHNS I CONNS I ! CORNS ! ! l—A guarantee cure for I.) Corns. has cured advertiser. The reel; e Is. 6d. postal order and stamped directed envelope.—L. HALL, Balderton, Newark, Notts.

LION SAL/1 4 Sable and White Collies,PUPPlll9, 7 weeks, 1: (strain) Christopher and klatchley Wonder, approval, cheap to clear.—ktorLE, 12, Thomas-at., Flowery-Fled, Hyde, near alancdester.

"VOlt DISPOSAL. Old-established Watch, Clock. Jewellery, 1: and Optlcian's Buslneut ; main thoroughfare ; stock and fixtures about £l4l Good reasons for leaving.—Apply JONES, 9, Hill-st., Pieston.

O SALE 2.000 tons wrought, steel and cast. scrap. turn- kJ Ingo. boiler plates, marine cranks, cod blast castings, steam boilers, tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.— Apply D. IiOULT, Worksop, Notts.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Calicoes. Prints Stuff, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirtinas, Sc., 10Ib bundles, heap. Price lists free.—W. CLAUKSON, Font Mor chant, Swaine-st Bradford, Yorkshire.

oLF CLUBS. Golf Balls. A pronounced success. Best Ur materials, workmanship, and .asiest terms. sales in- creised four-fold is six months. Balls 7s. per Coz. free.— WAGGOTT. bliMe.bUrgh.

ILD ARTIFICIAL MIMI BOUGHT.—CaII, or if sent by post full value by return. Alf communications under cover. Mr. JOHN LEE, London Dental Institute, 57 Edgware- road, Lond, n. W. Note. Number 57 to prevent mistakes.

DROTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free)of Amateur-Photographeis' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house . in, the trade ; goods bought and exchanged.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxbrd-street, Manchester (AS Saints). JOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, ard others; new and second-hand; very cheap; 100 to choose from. =3B. Albert-street. Kinc-street West. Manchester.

CIREAT SU EPHISH.—NhVER KNOWN BEFORK—GoId %...7 and Slyer English Lever Watches and Chains delivered ow first payment a 9s. Ed.. and not on the hire system; warranted for ten years.— HILLta, 192, Stanley-road. and 8, eat.!i omer-itreet, Liverpool.

911114 Bay's Own Gun," fires bullets, shot, or darts; sure 1 killer of birds, isbbits. &c ; no powder or license re- quired; prize 2s. 3d. Garden Guns 2s. 6d. each ; Guns. bilks, Nets. Traps, Drcoys Fishing and Spotting Requisites. Lists Id Carriage pai2„—Joms EGGLESTON. Naturalist, Sun- derland.

rrEsTs ! Tents Tents I I Suitable for Gardens, Cricket, or Cunping.ous Purpo es, 40 feet in circum- ference, pure linen, w,th pegs, poles, and lines complete. These tents are whae, and have only been used a little by her Majesty's Government, and cost over ER each. I will send one complete lor3os. can be sent on approval.—HESßY J. (ass)n. Government contractor, bye, Sussex.

nissteiOo-G-IStics, HAWKLiItS, ac.—We now send a 10-stone, Isit mixed leresis Fish, c,d, ling. haddocks, rock SiiMOZI. plaice. gum n ts, for P.O. 10s. • a trial solicited ; it Wan, ion guar., n teed ; fryers also suppiied.—M.WYLlß and L'o., Fish Docks, Grimsby.

NAlppoiNT ENT'S UNDER GOV ERN NI KpiT.- Mal s (14-30); Females (15-20) ; Preparation by corres- ponder cean.i oral classes. Most successful system. Ilecent successes. First place May Excise and 19 pastes; first place female clerkships and 4 passes. 35 by clerkships &c. and pros- pe..tus free. 11. B. 6'xiattair, 67 Chancery-lane, London. C. 8. Competitor ld. weekly.

WARDEDPIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide it Jubilee Exhibition. 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest Home in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—ell the bewest designs. Two milhon feet always in stOlk. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, nleographs. lec. Further redoes .on to prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to on Lary and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern JOK just xubllshed (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. Moacu... 17 and 18 Great ct, Andrew-st. Blootnsbury, London. Teiegmphic address •• Rabbitry." London. Stock Lists end prices et gloms monthly,free.

J • W• TEMPERLEY MUSIC! SRI BR. 31. LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. "X 7" PIANOS, ORGANS, % lOLIN. &c. Tuaning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HINE and on II IR IL-1.1.3 RCRASR. OW EN' GRVAT SALE OF ALANUFACTUEER'S STOCK OF BASSIN ItT rFs AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN NI AI L (')ARTS THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. OWEN'S EMPORIUM, 80, DEANSGATE, MANCRESTRE

EQ Good Cushion Safety BICYCLE, new It tyres ball 3-1 bearings • also splendid 1895 detschable pneumatic. diamond frame:ball bearings, nearly new machine ; must sell, £653.—f1. Idanerod. Bastham, Cheshire.

I'o BE SOLD cheap. 2 WAGGONETTES, alffiost new. with I loose tops, to carry 22 and 8 persons ; also 4 complete sets of silver-plated Fonr.in-hand HARNESS ; no reasonable offer ref used,—Apply JAMES CALVERT, Job Master.BurnleY.

O'' BROWN. HOWIL, AND CO., CHESTERFIELD Engineers, Machinery Brokers, Colliery Plant and Stone Working Machinery a speciality. Engines, Boilers Tanks. Stone Breakers, Mortar Mills, Steam Hammers a! Way in stook. All enquiries carefully attended to.

CYOLBS.—Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered, prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 25e.; Cushions, from 355.; and Pneumatics. from B 4 10s. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead ot all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices ; all kinds of machines exchanged.—PAßTlNGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deansgate, Mxnchester. and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpool.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best eork only. Several Good Second-Hand Brougham", Landaus . Viotorias, Wagonettes. and Phaeton'. now for Sale or Hire.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! GREAT CLEARANCE. A small line of leading Coventry makes, litted with all the Latest patterns. PNEUMATIQ TYRES at Buyers' own prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret it for the rest of your days. 4,;LADE. THE PIONEER, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS. . HORSEMAHKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are dole Agents for War- rington and District, they a, e light and up-to-date in every Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for" West's" ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, Ms. weight, price £ll 108, mob, equal to Machines shown In town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from EI ICs. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from Is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from 6d, each. „ MUD GUARDS from is. 2d. each. SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each. „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 40. amok. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workthen. W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARKET-STREHT. WARRINGTON.

.fEtatlnnern, &T., on goait. . SALT Steam LAUNCH 29 feet long 7 feet beam / mahogany cabin, will carry 12 to 20.—Address Lawson: " HxamiLer " Office. •

-IV4 ARI NE BOILERS for Sale, very cheap. 12•61 n. by 5•0 IA. .1,1 diameter, sound condition.— Address BOILERS, 65 , Grosvenor Road, Canonbury, London. I\N boiler Lii34 v,Gotti!, oVrIeRrT rent!. ENGINEsonaO ?Verb . -Itt)u refused. —Apply Examiner Office, Runcorn. OT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod O Grierson. and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue ot wheel and pulley patterns on appll- cation.—Telephone 229.

iSCWT. Dormant WEIGHING MACHINE 2ft. 91n.Alguare In good condition, stamped,cheap.—Also several other second-hand Weighing Machines and Scale. Estimates and drawings submitted for all classes of Scales, Weighing Mac- hines and Weighbridges. Testers for cunent bar iron, wire, springs.&c.--R CCLEs, Jockey-st. Works, Winwick-road, Warrington.

pATENT OFF lON MANCHESTER, ERTABLISHED fir 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hasi more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess praotioal knowledgeof the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-he!p to the New Patent Law," price fid. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAkBHOUS. HELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'i PA'l ENT ASBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTO BOILER COVERING, ERTL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA* RINUS, SHERTINGS. JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND Anj, qLTNE, Can only ben' taineA Genuine, Direct trim: Ole Sole Vendors in the I` orthern Counties : F. R. P U T Z, 8 and 9, SonTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO.. 2, STRAND-STREET, Sames-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses: " Asbestos." MAnchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

T EOK AND (30., . Limited. (NINA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS Goons. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &C. Guaranteed quality, Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or • C'E SI ENT ED ( )NLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Carelitt, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, iTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars on application.

Tr .11IRKLAND BROS. • BAKERS TO THE QUEEN, HAVE REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO THE BoTIONI OF. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. KIRTLAND BROS., Purvey re to the Que.," by Roy ,1 Appointment.. ilave desided to 'i.e the FANIOU3 k.:TOLDEN Tip TFA. TIM Tha It As DION SOLD AS HIGH. Ai R,O PHU LB And not.whhstanding that the cost will be very great Messrs. R.1.-ft Roberts and Co , Test Mer- chants. Bold-street, Liverpool. have been instructed to procure the Finest Teas in the market regardless of expense.

ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinoes. Over 1300 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £ 1 orders and above.

No Home should be Without the Household Favourites " STANLEY ' BAKING POWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURED BY J. MEAD )WCROFT AND CO., TA NLEY MILLS, BURY.

J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDCW3 FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, RENDERED NECESSARY THROUGH ADDI- TIONS AND ALTERATIONS TO THEIR PREMISES, Is NOW BEING HELD. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES.

LORD BROS.' SUMMER SALE. MARVELLOUS VALUE! ASTOUNDING BARGAINS! MANTLES, CAPES, JACKETS, . MACKINTOSHES, DRESS GOODS, UMBRFLLAS,.&c., &c. SEE Tli PRICES, STYLE, AND QUALITY. LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HALF YEARLY SALE. • GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., BASNIIT r-STREET, LIVERPOOL, beg to announce their HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE Of Spring and Summer Goods. For MONDAY NEXT, the Bth Ind, and FOLLOWING DAYS, When the whole of ttudr SURPLUS SEASON STOCK Will e re-m,rked at GREAT REDUCTIONS. A DETAILED CATALOGUE WILL BE SENT ON REQUEST. The Goods Comprise— RICH SILKS, VELVET BROCADES, SILK FOR BLOUSES, DRESS MATERIALS, CREPONS. TWEEDS AND CLOTHS LACE EMBROIDERIES, FLOUNCINGS, FANCY LACE (Made-up) ARTICLES. LACE AND MUSLIN CURTAINS, II '`'INEY AND GLOVES, TRIMMINGS, RIM) N S AND?" OWENS, FANCY GOODS, 1 UMBRELLAS &SUNSHADES BOOKS & STATIONERY. MILLINERY, MANTLES AND COSTUMES. FURNISHING, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, HOU ,lEHOLD LINENS, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S BOOTS AHD SHOES. GEORGE lIENRY LEE AND CO., LIVERPOOL

LADIES' B.H.ST FRIEND I Marrie i or Single Ladies should , send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY I ILLUSTRA.TE'D GUIDE, post free. o sealed, tw stamps ; invaluable infor- mation of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRATED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous Gu IDE. or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the I most delicate. MADAME A, E. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

' These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam f Co aiba Cubebs or nec ons an Cure n sANTAz d I 48 hours the same diseases without incon- venience. 4/6 of all Cho. ViDs( mists. Or post free. WILCOX a co.. 239, OXFORD ST:, LONDON, W

POLISHING-A PLEASURE! WILL NOT rit STEPHENSON' FINGER • 41' 41,4 MARK. • FURNITURE CREAM. • '.44C7 -”,";;47A,, 711111 r— --- Sold by Chemists, Groeers, and Ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

Steam Engines, Boilersi, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Write for quotations, :lather detail: of reguirements, E.S.HINDLEY,IT,Queen Victoria St.,LONDON, or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, Diseases, Ac. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), cont.tining full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXII2 is 4s. 6d. the cas Can be obtained direct.

.4 :FATNESS .• - FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are te ''• i safe and ple,,sant cure ; sent free from Lk observation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. A marvellous means of reducing excessive fat and improving the complexion. "—E, CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street London.

MITT GOLD MEDAL lIEW HAREM - 'or, KNITS Bthakingeribbed "plain GLOVES and CLOTH/NG In WOOL, BILK. or COTTON. INSTRUCe , 1 TIONS FREE. this tree per poet. ' TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD ot 7 GOLD MEDALS auldl9other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Works ; Q. Upper Brook St., Maud:testa.

n,....e?,,,, , 1 ii,,,,:, 0,,,, iiliti,. 111,0,,,,,.!_ _ Krt. ~,, ,-,-_,_,:_•; , -,11----g ,i,4,0 • •

NIOICER'S COMPANION A Combined SELF - INKINL POCK IT STA VIP, MATCH 803 and CIGAR CUTTER (best nicke silver. A USE UL Novelty. Enormous Sale. Pr:ces including Box. Ink a Brush, one line Stamp, 2s. 3d. ; two lines 2s • 93. ; three lines 38. 3d. Post Flee. A. J. BYROM. 8, CH URCH-STREET, GOLBORNE. A FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

FOUND DEAD. POISON FOR KILLING RA'IS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he best P)ison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 29. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles on land.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. , • , • . trod, PILLS, S FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, such ts SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 91d., Is. Id., and 2s. 91. each, with full directions. The 18. Id, Box cc_ kilns 56 Pills. PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR— THOMAS BEECOM, St. lielens, Lancashire.

BEEcEms TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL—. CLEANSES TIM TEETII—PERFUMES TUB BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or front the Proprietors, for 18„ post-paid.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAV I. iMEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 9d. Only of HOPA, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen),332, Deansga , Manchester. Advice free,

HOLLO --y7s PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, dm The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)-(EST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, • and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. CocKLE3s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIous. OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

TIE SOAP FOR PQIFT INATER, •

!THE SOAP FOR HARD WATER. —3'll'l sfil TS 0 MATCHLESS %z i WATER_ cstS ri*ELY ."1- th-" HA R fir- --r--.. .... _ _. R ____ „. c a , _ _ _._._ _.. E 441°USEHOirRIOUISITEr4 R T---- E,-------- - _,,z--- k\\ hE AP E SOAP FOR C --- ----_,,..;. T---------- 1,, 'N'4 S FOR oF 116 AINE IT` COLDRNATER. For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 12oz. 99 ff 20. „ 31d. „

PURE IRISH LINENx IRISPHOCCKAEMTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen.. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all puxe flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS) FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR, IRISHTWEED, aa lnl dP Su tr ye Ne o opl e aUsne Us pa fs sfeodr forLa dSietrs,enogrtGhe, nDtt.simvvbeilaitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. / HE LA ND G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE,

.. NO STABLE IS CO - .. . , aII:MANS Hyoerserjssimclacl3,79,t, ..( 4 2.D Ii ito-,(1.0,-7. ,s2'!Drusoon'ltes' ' *.*l-11.1,, . , V 2/ \t, c ...,......<%:, r a e only by 0 SLOUCHrN.GLAN r.• _ DIBIAVIN 6ItMANY

For Sprains, Curbs. and Splints when forming. For Over-reaches, Chapped Heels, Wind Galls. For Rheumatism in Horses. For Sore Throats and Influenza. For Broken Knees, Bruises, Capped Hooks. For Sore Shoulders, Sore Backs. For Sprains, Cuts, Bruises in Dogs. For Cramp in Birds. Indispensable in any stable. but especially in the Stable of a Master of Hounds. HADDINGTON, Master of Berwickshire Hounds.

cI_LIMANS' bi , SALI ' EVIBROCATION ii r 55 ii) FOR .1,1 r‘.li EtINATISM, Vl2, . 1.5 pli AIN,S 41,., LUMBAGO. ,• _---1,, E. I -I A: .BRuISES, ... --.- CHEST coLDA. . V \ ---- 4. .111111V14' ''• 1. *4 Y.' *I iit ‘k ....10 I, I . .. ,- •..IT I 'mu. HAVE Prepared Only 7__ -- -TWILL NONE ...-------.--. DYED-MIT (Ofl\lss/C--cl 4 . SLOUCH- ENGLAND.

RSTATILTzHED 1851 BIRKBECK BAN' - Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, rondon. I TWO-AN D--HALF per CUNT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below 2181 STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrill the Bank receives smallsnm depoeit,and allows Inferert monthly on each completed 2 BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE F3ll TWO GUINK&S PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY How TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post Ire FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT. Manage r

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge. full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at home and in the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-e,alled Remedies, Ac., which, in the majority of cases. are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House. 9, Erskine Street, Liverpord

THE "FATAL" NOTSELESS' 01711. es,- 301.• Mt Sad bas prattled tent traestlso yeAst oTE.—Thte tam Ls our patent. and the genuinet raids an oaly tie obtained from us. Worthless Insitatlrms made abroad. ea advertised under Various names by petty dealers In Folkestone. we can supply at 175. rot Catalogue of far-kiUlng sporting guns and testimonials, together with ha, of over 500 Genuine second-hand Breechloaders. vet free. from CUFFLYN Co- Far.KWlng Gun Maker., Folkestone. CA UILUIL—No other Om In FolleatonessukaLlVll4 oida unL

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to brit NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING (ND AND TREE GUARDS.IWIRE WORK. 00 01%190 I MT 'LT 0 TT Si BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Looking Joints uONDON OFFICE : 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

T s RAZOR. is 7-24 made from the beat LI I'1111111111111F110" Sheffield ii 10,0 ' a EEL and ground by Sheffie d workmen. It is warranted and if not approved when trie I W. ill be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironn.onger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE ha Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2,1/6, 2/-, and 2 6 0. and Cheques, SLATER BRO.. Sheffield.

ONE BOX OF' CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gosaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hroughout the World ;or sent to any adAress for sixty stamps y the Makers. The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DECO COMPANY. Lincoln. Wholesale Attents; BAR CLAY .ct dam London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM. cAILY ER'3 ECZEMA, WOUNDS. ULCERS. 0 I L JJAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT, (CROYDON, England.) NEURALGIA, AC. BOTTLES, 81d., le. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J, H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

ADD.LERYAARNESS, &c. For Home, Colonial, :%ncl other hlarkets.—Cas HARNESS, complete let.£3 6s. 6d.; GIG HARNESS, full size, /3 35.; Cob Size, LE Os., Pony size, La os.; Donnas HARNESS, LI pos. HEAVY CART HARNESS, En 13$. 6d.; Demi-bogskin RIDINO SADDLES, complete, Li ss. Al! sent on approvaL illustrated price lists post fees, oft application to Jaarnstra Nottingbans

'TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot 1 Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove al obstructi ins. and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva ent with the sex. B )xes Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. B TOWLE. Chemist. Nottingirim. Beware • f imitations.

NEHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAWS ENSHAW. opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANURES' •• PEOPLE'S MODEL," seven octaves, lull trichord, cheek action, panel front, iron frame, in veneered cases, £22 cash, or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered Gee on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 63. monthly, by all the leading makers. All Instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- rante3. 53 Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compaas, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till pail for. HENSHAW,being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages ta the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not wart both money and instrument. RENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PIuCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper el.ewhere. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

-------------- ---.....-----..-------- DO MARRIAGES. ' loon:1w' sp TR,: u: tEict —SON. R. :I: s. —E yA. ugu s t 6th, at St. g ,rs"', warr 0 , Price the it•v. F. W. Su:nner, 0.5.13, Williain • rjer 1, Of , , mutt-. o'l ton, Charles Starkey, tilogritin3irAra"srselyil.s" T,,..risli COWL!, HAW—GtPus —August 4th, at the,.,,7t0. pen. Warrington, Joseph Gnwiisha ir, to 'llarlr .I't the., pre' DERBYSHIRE: -BROADHURST.—AII2IISt sth. EL sArtl,' Churo,h, Warrington, Thomas Derbyshire. burst. DEATHS. Wiltrilagt° SPEAKMAN—August 7st, at 32 Knutsfordl; 0,59. toisi Peter Speakman, aged 31 years. ILI•P' , ,ton. 31' , WOODS.—August Ist, at Oliver-street, Ware'n' oglfr ' Woods, aged 60 yews. wart. , CUNNINGHAIC—August 2nd, at Janles- e strer, Catherine Cunningham, aged 50 years. _, 0 iton, I! yes aEi —Atsgust 3rd, at Forster-street, l't arr 4,00, vrserlw Hughes. aged 36 years. S . eetf fao MC DERMOTT.—Augtust sth, at Orforcrser will Jimes McDermott, aged 59 years. 00°11' JONEl.—August 6th. at Tanners-lane, Warr' . 004' - 16115 Jones, aged 79 years. ISM ERWOOD. —August 7th, at Now Brlgh' aged 60 years.
