===== 0002601_18950622_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
' anteb—Vublir eftrials.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Pi, I —mob,.

0,11; ol- Joe ~,to'

===== 0002601_18950622_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
- PIANOS.

RENSHAW.

„ KIRKLAND BROS. 'MKERS TO THE QUEEN, HAVE ROf OVtD b PItOM THE TOP TO THE 15OTTOM OF BOLD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL. I Nt, ICIRTLANDB ROS., . eYors to the Queen by Royal Appointment, 44ye decided to use the FAMOUS ' 144 A, OLDEN TiP TEA. 444 ''4. lIAS BERN BOLD AS HIGH AS b IltAwith £lO PER LB. Btanding that the cost will be very Robert Roberts and Co., Tea Her- -14%4°1d-street, Liverpool, have been instructed N.,. 'lle Finest Teas in the market regardless t..)...„ or expense. -LN INSURANCE OFFICE, FkIUNDEL) 614, 1710. 11/141ror,‘ 41.. Il'aringn IN 1894.—R393,622,400. '‘llsir,` laapti s4Toti. . aulara apply to the following Agents , 14:: ..... W. Woods, ...... pckßlere Commercial Chambers, 11 eitr"r * • Vol CyhVeNVOrti TlT:me:2la Itengt-e-ritl:eli ' 1. awe Law.. Gas Chambers

-160 '

===== 0002601_18950622_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL FOR INFLUENZA.

BOVRIL

Which is extract of meat with all the NUTRITIVE constituents of meat subsequently added. and all superfluous and NON-NUTRITIVE constituents carefully eliminated, 18 50 TIMES MORE NOURISH- ING THAN ANY MEAT EXTRACT or HOME- MADE BEEF TEA, consequently for the thorough and immediate nutrition of the system which is of first importance for avoiding

INFLUENZA Or throwing off its ill effects. BOVRIL Li ilisoluaely Unrivalled.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TXTRITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNBSDAY. W

===== 0002601_18950622_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
• THE MILLER OIL LAMP,

LATEST UP-TO-DATE IMPROVEMENTS. AISTEA.DY, LARGE, AND WHITE ,LIGHT. BEST ANT) SIMPLEST DEVICE FOR RE-WICKING

EVER INVENTED. CANNOT LEAK. FROM IRONMONGI.ERS, PLUMBERS, LAMP DEALERS,

OR WHOLESALE FROM BAXENDILE'S, MILLER-STREhT, MANCHESTER. BSTABLISILED 1856.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"TT 9 9 EATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.99

===== 0002601_18950622_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
99 liIATING'S POvirn 13 R.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY VAL A SOLID SILVER KEYLESS WATCH WORTH 25/- IS GIVRN . WAY FOR 12/6. Although 12/613 only halt the ',rice I guar- antee that it is a solid silver ease, hss a good jewelled movement and keeps very good time The ordinary retailers' price for this watch is 25/-,

, Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad dress and I will send by return, register. d, one of these real silver key'ess watches, for which you will be thankful. Mention this paper, and address— DEBI- RT. Wholesale Jeweller, • 10, CHURCH-BT., LIVIMPOOL.

A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN.

The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and It will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is c nveniently divided into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful Information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelhgent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood r, tattoos; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them The seventh chapter treats of maternal Impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due to longings tn the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter &aches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy 1 certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby Is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and ilhaut again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; ices the main causes of it, bow these may be overcome and chlbiren result The last chapter treats of the • change," a most irnpodant article for al women over focty. The book is lud of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matter. relating to married women Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the Ca e. for knowledge is power and the means ot attaioing happiness. The book can be had from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, Spanish-place, Manchester-square, London. W., in return for a Foetal Order for ls.

i

ki‘f4N

===== 0002601_18950622_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ld. a. 1 6 0.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIERIBS. -14-

LRGBR TINS.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLID SILVER

KEYLESS

WATCHES 12/6

===== 0002601_18950622_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE PRODUCED.

The M.O.D. Invite inspection o! their Ltigh-Class Cioods in VICUNAS,

, SE RGES, HOM ESPUNS, WORSTEDS, , CHEVIOTS, ' HARRIS TWEEDS. SAXONIES. VENETIANS, ' COVERT COATINGS In large and extremely choice flanges. the most Fashion- able Designs, Weexes,Mixtnres, aends, and Colouring..

MEN'S SUITS 18/6 MENS SUITS MEN'S SUITS 25/- MEN'S SUITS MEN'S SUITS :31/6 MEN'S SUITS Latest Patterns in Scotch, Irish,West of Englarfaal York shire Goode.

Phin, Checkand Fancy Vicunas, Serge, and Worsteds_ Stylish Tweed overchecks, Stripes, Fancies, Mixtures. The late:t protluctions in Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe, Trouserings. MEN'S TROUSERS 6/6 MEN'S TROUeRES MEN'S TROUSERS 8/al, MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 10/6 MEN'S TROUSERS

===== 0002601_18950622_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M.C.D.-SHOW

of---- •• CI • v OVERCOATINGS & OVERT COATINGS - Solid Worsted Tad Is Pa ev Diagonals, Fine Venetians, anal nuper lwi.t Covert Coatings 'a the newest Fashionable Shades. WARRANTED ALL WOOL, 18s. 6D. and 225. 6A5 Lined through with Italian.

The M.O.D. YOUTHS' DEPARTAInNT Is extensively stocked with New Goods HIGH-CLASS. S Y LIS 11. EAsY-FITTING, YOUTHS' SUITS From Superior in out. Trim- YOUTHS' SUITS 1 9 itt ming, and Wcrkman- YOUTHS' TUITS 11. / sh.p. EVERY bATI-FACTION GUARANTEED.

THE BOYS' 'DEPARTMENT At THE M.C.D. Is a Marvel For

NOVELTY,

TASTE, DESIGN: The Variety of Styles in Juvenile Clothing has never been sO exttnsive es In the present eason, and the Proprietors have NPA RED PAINo to make this Department Emma to None in the Town. BOYS' 6C:11001.i SUITS from 28. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS from 2s. 11D. BO 8' NORFOLK SUITS from 78. 6D. BOYS' RUGBY UITS from 88 GD. BOY,' REEFER SUFIS from 88. 6D. BOYS' ETON SUITS from 178. 6D.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS' COVERT COATS, very Stylish from 108.

All the M.O.D. Clothing is rnade on THEIR OWN PER- M NES under Persokal Supers ision, and guaranteed Reliable in every respect.

The M.O.D. ORDER I )RPARTM ENT Contains a Sel-ttion of the Chokes t tioodelprodussed throughout the Kingdom. MEN'S BIIITS 298. 6D., To m EAS(TRE. M EN'S COATS AN I) VP. ';TS 6D., TO MEASURE.. M N'S ; RoUSERS 8s 613., TOst EA,,URE. DIEN'S COVERT COATS AND I.:ummtr.a, UREB— —21 s, TO MEASURE; •

PRACTICAL CUTTJ AND FIRST-CLASS v% ORKSI/

===== 0002601_18950622_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FIT GUA RANTE

Tll! -MANCHESTER 1.,' Al " CLOTHING 8, AND HORSE NI AR IS Witi4lo

WIDOW WhLCH t PILV ikS. MIIJIUS, Welch. con tfnuee to From the ,rify originC /111( Its ju- t celebnty.f or a orit a m.tt exlrilSiVe hotiki therefore attond careful that • hat t/ Nmlille a who is thee NAL ICA( IPE. be go signed in In., outside 01 the sole wh,,le•.' Queen Victoria-at,' Nraved Oli the G ech, by mogt Lb,

t :::, ninodetn..oo:: i pa tsPhuoLe:4ol, ail u al 128:.; of the Widow keeipe. i kuPeril'aßtitir l4lTrt 15 I'd °II:lab:7: rraTi ,Ch:luirsbed Others, an.l the name, 6.itr:wpAgs,...ALforfpnEitioonw: lians7 ,). Soicl I.oxes at.2.9.9i.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS

SPORTING Circles—Prize rings. How the Chinaman can work for almost nothing end amass wealth is the real Chinese puzee.

Nsvica put any confidence in the answers of a elan who is afraid to say, "I don't know," occa-

sionally. EVERY man believes in his heart that his relatives are depending upon him to m3ke the family name famous.

:locum/. is what people are when they know tney are watched. EASILY REMEDIED. —Distressed Young Mother (travelling witn a crying infant) : "Dear me ! I don't know what to do with this baby." Kind and thoughtful Bachelor (in the nest seat); "Shall I open the window tor you, madam ? " BROTHERLY STUPIDITY. —Brother : "Why all this talk about divided skirts for bicycling. ? 0-tn't you girls ride in ordinary dres es?" Sister : "The idea ! Ordinary dresses wouldulc attract any atLen- tion at all!'

MIL PHUNIS'Y (rushing indoors): "L's all over the town !" Mrs. P. (eagerly): "What, ,!egr• What, dear?" "The sky !" shouted NI . P.,

making for the door., AT A SUBURBAN RTAURANT.—" Waite , ho long do you keep these eggs ?" " Why, sir, untii they are eaten THE man who is satisfied with himself must be easily satisfied. REATNE-8 is the art of making people think one has kepr, one's self-resptct, "I 'rm.') you an " is the most hateful tutor in the school of life.

SHE: "Boys will be boys." He: "So would the girls, if they could." - - - •

- i Mon people believe n the total depravity of somebody else. AFTER THE HONEYMOON.— She (sweetly) :" What would living be without me?" He (gloomily) : "Cheaper." Cuero-men: "This fowl is the toughest thing I've ever had here, waiter." Waiter (conffleu- tially): " Then you ain't tried our steaks, sir ! BOTH SATISFIED.—Friend : "Your two sopranos appear to be very good friends." Manager : " Yes, each thinks the other can't sing." "I HOPE you have not been hasty in accepting tbis young man. Do you know anything about him?" Daughter " Why certainly I do. His name is Smith I'm almost certain. "CONSISTENCY," remarked the fly, "may be a jewel, but I fail to see it." He made one more effort to advance through the molasses into which he had wandered, and then abandoned hope. DISGUSTED Suburban Tenant: "I thought you said this house woeld be aupptird with running water? Landlord: "Well, it will be. Just you wait until we have a good healthy rainstorm, and see how the roof leaks." "Am !" muttered the skeleton in the closet, as It listened to the conversation at the breakfast- table; "going to move into a flat—eh? That"— it was lost in painful thought. "—means the coal-bin or the er-shaft for yours truly." ONZ of the unexplained mysteries of life is how difficult it is some:imes to get into a comfortable position when you go to bed, and how unusual to -find one that isn't comfortable when you have to get up. To a lady who was importuning him to direct -her son into a paying business, Lord Rothschild -remarked: "Madam, any business is good, selling •matches even is a splendid business, if you do enough of it." You can't have your penny and your cake; but, if you are sufficiently able and unscrupulous, you can have your penny and some one else's cake. POSER for a butcher who gives short weight: "If sixteen ounces o to a pound, where do you expect to go to ? " A HINT TO YOUNG LADlES.—Daughter: "What an ugly man that Herr Krakelreeyer is, to be sure; I am always so glad when be doesn't ask me to dance" Mother: " Unmarried men are never ugly; mind that, child ! Mn. Jacobson, about to' start for Europe, was asked, " What if the boat sinks? What will you do then?" He replied, "Vot difference dot make takes my money in drafts." Too CONFIDING. —" I am not worthy of your love," said the weer, softly. "I d ,n't doubt it," esAd she, a little less softly. And there the softie ness stopped. TRAINING will do much for a man, but it will not teach iitn never to neglect to look for the towel before he fills his eyes full of soap. IN THE ALPS. —Guiae : "Now you will have to be cereal( ; many a tourist has broken his neck at this spot." Gent (to his wife) : "Augusta, you go first !" VIOLENT EXERCISE.—WiIson: "You're not as stout as you used to be, old man. ' Wheeler: "No ; since I started to ride a bicycle I've fallen off a good dea'." OLD FRIEND - "You are becoming round shouldered—got a regular stoop. You don't ride a bicycle, do you?" Man of Family—" .o-O;N but my boys ride bicycles, and I am paying fur them by instahnen s." Nov IN THE SWIAL—Mrs. Suddenrich : "I never heard no such way of talkin' as you've got into at boardin' school." Daughter: "I've learned to speak as the teachers do." Mrs. Sucklenrich "Well, jus drop it. Them poverty-stricken hire- lings don t move in our set." A PAPER has an article on "How to help people to help themselves." A good way is to leave your front door open. WANTED INFORAIATION.—Officer : "Here is the man who went through your house the other night while your family was asleep. Would you like to question him?" Mr. Outla.it : "If you please. Prisoner, what did you wear on your feet?" • A SINGULAR Purneia—Fair Graduate: "Which Is the proper expression to use, girls are,' or girls is' ?" Chorus of Schoolmates: '" Girls are,' of course I " Fair Graduate : "Of course; pshaw Girls, are my hat on straight?" THE HYGIENE OF BATHING. —She: "Don't you think that salt water is beneficial to health? He: "Not always. A man whom I once knew was seriously injured by it." She: "How so?" He: "He was drowned. ' AT HIS WORST.—A Paris doctor wilted a sick man at the Intel-Dieu how he was getting n. "Ah I doctor,' he replied, "I am so dreadfully bad that if someone catne and told me I was dead, I shouldn't be a bit surprised." Tust NIGGARD.—An old woman, having brought a prescription containing arsenic as one of the ingredients, observes the scrupulous accuracy with which the che nist weighs the desired quantity, and says:—" Why, my dear sir, you needn't be so very skinny particular; it's for a poor orphan, you know !" EQUALLY EFFECTIVE. Hostess (at evening part)) : "How dull everybedy seems. I think 1. had better ask Miss Poundaway to play some- thing." Host : "Oh, Matilda! She's such en execrable per, 'ormer, you know." Hostess: "What difference does that make, my dear? It will do to start the conversation all ths same." A Game OF STRENGTH. —Society has a new diversion known as parlour football. It is played on a large table, the football being an eggshell, from which the contents have been removed through a small hole in one end. The goals are opposite ends Of the table, and the egg is propelled by blowing, instead of I-icking. In a game of this kind the person who has previously eaten an onion invariably wins.

Tux steamboat engineer was polite and atten- tive. It may be that he was flattered by the fact that a lady so impressive in her manner khould have come to him for ieformation. At any rate, be told her "all about it"—just where the steam •came into the cylinder, where it escaped. and how it was that the piston rod attached to the crank :turned the wheels that propelled the little vessel .through the waves. She appeared to be wrapped 'up in information, amid when he had finished she turned a beaming face upon him and said, 41 Now tell me: what is the object of the boiler?" PATER: "No, sir; I cannot allow you to marry my daughter." Suitor: •• But I love her!' Pater: "There s a tamily secret I mu3t tell you." Suitor: "Speak speak !" Peter: " There'!‘ insanity in the family. Se is deranged." Suitor: " What is her mania, then?" Peter: "Her desire to marry you." The first envelope Wel' made is in the possession of the Britirii Museum.

ALT,COtIC3 CORN FXTRACTOR. A Corn Plester Combed (Patented), a wonderful improve rnent. blt Plater is in- weil-known it.lcock's Corn Plaster with a littiPci e add.il that in a ti W days extrtitta The (.3,•rn, and r, lirf is felt a. moon as applied ; for all prea ore of the boot lalra rived. D n't be put off alto any other rt medy, as none other will giT e the it. mediate •ionifort. Pairs 71d. .and 13.10., I er box of a% Solo by: .It. s owls', Pharmaceutical eh mist, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.4§

===== 0002601_18950622_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

The Carlton Club will soon have to keep an extra I messenger to look after the cycles of members. The other day Pall Mall was amazed to see a string. of well-known Conservatives ride up to their club on bicycles to get their letters. The cabmen on the rank were clearly very angry. Mr. Balfour has done something to set the fashion,alt hough he Only rides in private; and among the bicyclists were Sir John G.,rst and Sir Herbert Maxwell. The latter left his machine outside the building,but Sir John took his through the sacred portals of the club. We have long known, however, that Sir John is a bit of a leveller.

In the light of recent developmects. and having particular regard to the relationship subsisting be- tween Russia and France, it is .of extreme interest to learn that the Czar's Government have deter- mined to make large purchases of Suez Canal shares. To this end a sum approximating twenty millions sterling is to be provided during the next t hree or four years; and already a firm of Russian agents in Paris, in close alliance with the Bank of France, have received instructions for the purchase of any large parcel of shares which may come upon the market.

Mr. Baiilia of Dochfour, who now becomes mem- ber for Inverness-shire, ranks abreast of Earl &a- field, Lord Macdonald, and Lord Lovat in the ex- tent of his possessions in that county. They each own about one hundred and sixty thousand acres. Next in order come The Mackintosh of Mackintosh, Sir George Macpherson Grant of Ballindalloc , Lochiel, and The Chisholm. In point of acreage only, however, is Mr. Baillie abreast of these High- land chiefs. The territorial greatness of the Baillies is a comparatively modern affair.

Lancashire members on both sides of the House of Commons are prepared to raise a protest against the proposal to charge to India the cost of enter- taming the Shahzada in this country. They oppose the proposal on the general ground that such a policy is unworthy of a great and wealthy country like this, and on the particular ground that, having regard to the Indian cotton duties, the cost must fall substantially in the end upon Lancashire.

Sir Wilfrid Lawson frequently tells a good story, and often he is himself the hero of it. At a re- cent Veto Bill demonstration in Essex, Sir Wilfrid, acknowledging a vote of thanks, remarked that somebody had said he was "venerable," and some- body else that he was " gallant." The one term had something clerical about it,and the other some- thing military, and neither the one nor the other was anything in his line. "I will tell you,' con- tinued Sir Wilfrid, "what I am. There was a school in the North of England, and the master gave the children a long disquisition upon the steam-engine and when he thought they all under- stood it, he asked, What is it that does the work of forty horses, and drinks nothing but water?' land they called out, Sir Wilfrid Lawson!'"

"An Old Liberal writing to the " London Daily Chronicle' says :—" The recent discussions in the louse of Commons over the proposal to erect a statute to Oliver Cromwell recall to my recollection a similar controversy which raged in the later for- Liss or the earlier fifties. The present Houses of Parliament were nearly completed, and ir was pro- posed to ornament A estminater Hall with statues of the Kings and Queens of England. A very few years before, the reputation of the Great Protector had been rehabilitated by the publication of Carlyle's " Cromwell'B Letters and Speeches." The question arose whether Cromwell should take up his position amongst the long line of monarchs who have de facto if not de jure reigned ever Great Britian. ' Irish feeling did not count for very much in those days, either in Parliament or society. The politics of the Sister Isle were suffering from the reaction which followed the physical force demonstrations of Smith O'Brien, Mitchell and Meagher.

"But opponents were not wanting to any sug- gestion that honour should be done to the memory of the Great Protector. The policy and the methods of Cromwell were as objectionable to Whigs of the Lord John Russell and Lord Palmerston school as to Tories like the Earl of Derby and Sir Robert Peel. There was many Liberals and Radicals, both in Par- liament and the Press, to do battle for 'the greatest of Englishmen,' but the proposal te erect a monu- ment to the uncrowned king fell to the ground. I can only regret that Liberalism to-day is as power- less as it was nearly half a century ago to ensure recognition for one who, whatever his faults and foibles, was one of the founders of our civil and re- ligious liberty."

When the Bulldog Club was formed in 1875 to rescue the national breed from the extinction which then threatened it its most sanguine promoters could hardly have anticipated the success which has been attained in two decades. The number of dogs available for a show at that date was only 30, as against 241 entries at the exhibition opened by the Club On Tuesday at the Westminster Aquurium. "The gentleman's lap-dog," as it has been termed by one of the best judges, has now be- come the favourite of ladies, the brisk demand for these animals being the main cause, doubtless, of the proximity to perfection of breeds which marks Ithe show new under notice. The quality of the bulldogs exhibited on Tuesday is quite exceptional, a large majority of the entries closely approaching the Club standard in their combination of strength, determination, and activity, not wholly un,ugges- tive of the Highland bull. The honours of cham- pionship were assigned by the judges to 'Mr. Jack Ellis's Guido, a marvellously grand-headed dog well known in Manchester, and to Cigarette, the winner of 120 first prizes, and. daughter of the famous Don Pedro, to whom was accorded the honour of a public funeral in Hyde Park in Feb- ruary last.

The calculations as to the effective Ministerialis majority have varied a good deal, hut I am afraid the truth is really more alarming than any of the current statements indicate. Here is the actual position of things when the figures are carefully worked out. The Government started with a majority of forty. They have lost five seats, a loss which reduces it to thirty, and the change in the Speakership has cost them two more votes, as this sacrificed an effective vote in the case of Mr. Gully, while the Leamington election turned a non-effec- tive Unionist vete into an effective one. Mr. Bolton's "conversion" cost them two more votes. This brings the majority down to 26. Then there is the "turn over' of the nine Parnellite votes, reducing it to eight on a division. But there is a seat vacant at Cork; Mr. O'Driscoll is absent. at the Antipodes; Mr. Coldwells has just had a true hill found against him in the Liberator ease, and Mr. Hardie is absent and "doubtful." This makes the majority four; but it is not certain that even this is an effective majority. Sir T. Fry is in Italy, ill; Mr. Jacob Bright is, I extremely regret to ,ay,lying at home seriously indisposed; and two or three others of the supporters of the Government are in such estate of health that their attendance is not to be relied on. No doubt there are. on the other hand, two or three members of the Opposition who are absent from similar causes, but in eases of this kind the Opposition Whips have always the ad- vantage, as they can choose their own time for an ack.

ati Mr. Samuel Storey. M.P., has intimated to his supporters in Sunderland that it is not his intention to offer himself for re-election at the end of the pre- sent Parliament. It is quite probable, I believe, that Mr. Storey may retire before that time. He has not been in good health of late, and is anxious to be relieved of tl.e strain of Parliamentaty life. The evidence taken on Wednesday before the Committee inquiring into the import of prison-made goods entirely justified the rejection of Mr. Howard Vincent's claim to have the investigation closed before completion. Testimony has been given by brush, matting, and rush manufacturers from the Eastern counties, showing that they attribute but little importance to the competition of these foreign goods, especially when made by the unsatisfactory form of labour which obtains in prisons. They de- mare themselves quite prepared to fight and beat these imports in the open market by improved mnehinerv, and that without the artificial aid be- loved by Protectionists.

COOLING AND REFRESHING are the effects of Row- land's Kalvdor on the fees and hands of ladies end all ex- pone to the hot sun and dust ; it prevents and removes freckles, ton, sunburn. soothes and h=als mosquito and gnat stings, allays all Irritation, and produces a beautiful and deli- ca.e complexion. ROWLAND'S KILIDOR.—CooIs and refreshes the face and

hands. T:t VILAND'S ALVl3oll.—Reir oyes Redness and toughness. ROWLAND', ILATYDOR.— .Soothes and heals inttetion. Rrlniam's }CALYDOR.—Warrante harmless and cur tiara. RoWtl/4D.8 KALITDOR.- Bottles 2s. 3d , 4s. est., of Chemists. Avohleheap, Bpurious imitations, which ruin the skin and omplexion.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, J UNE 22. 1895. LADIES' LETTER.

Mir DzAnusx NELLIE, lam in love with the fashionable jackets. A very smart little coat may be made in silk, crepon, or serge. It has large revers with their points on the shoulders, and the basques are cut very I smartly. It opens in a V shape at the back, so I that the shirt shows, and there are revers there as in front. It can be worn over any kind of blouse, and the elastic broad belt, which is one of the season's novelties, can be worn with it to advan- tage. The skirt to wear with this is wide and fashionably cut, and the blouse, with its thick guipure embroidery, is a great improvement to the jacket, falling over the revers, which generally display some distinctive material. The sleeves are short; a great attempt is being made this year to follow the fashion in that respect, which has met with great favour in Paris. There were never more charming materials worn for blouses, or prettie,' colouring, and they find favour almost to the exclu- sion of all other bodices. This particular jacket takes away from the one dowdy point in blouses, the waistband where the skirt and bodice unite. It wants a good figure with the blass of skirt now worn not to present too much hip, or too little or too much slimness, or too much obesity: Women are wearing a prettily made bow in the centre of the back, and often at the collar behind, and for these shot ribbons are greatly in demand. Another pretty costume is a jacket and skirt of green Venetian cloth. The collar is faced with a bright shade of tan cloth. The double-breasted waistcoat is of pale blue drill, spotted with black. The sleeves are very full.

The short cape which reaches just to the elbow has quite superseded the longer wrap, and these fascinating little garments are certainly very smart. The great point at present is to have them finished off at the neck with full frills or ruffles of chiffon, lace, or black satin ribbon, with knots of flowers on either side. The prettiest frill of all is made of goffered black chiffon or soft mousseline de soie, and in some cases these continue down the fronts of the cape in waterfall frills. These black ruchings appear even on coloured cloth capes, and look particularly well on pale fawn or biscuit cloth, with pink roses peepin,/ out of the folds. Just now everything has to bed la Henri Qua,tre, and I don't think I have described a cape made in this style. They are very elaborate-looking gar- ments. The one I refer to is made in black velvet. and the fronts and revers are of cream satin covered with Alengon print. The collar is wide and is made of satin ribbon, with bows and violets The cape is of the length I just mentioned as being fashionable, namely, just to the elbows. A suitable hat to wear with this cape would be one with a brim of cream guipure tabs resting on kilted black chiffon. There were also blacks tips and ospreys.

Some capital boating gowns are being made in cornflower-blue linen, which is used for the skirt and jacket. The blouse is of pale primrose silk, and a scarf for the waist and the smaller one for the neck of dark blue silk. The blouse is made on a thin, fitted lining, with the centre pleat put on separately. The turndown collar is made on stiff union, and mounted on a straight band. The jacket is quite plain, without revers of any kind, aud is intended for wear with the fashionable collars of lawn or cambric, which are tacked inside the jacket, and have the effect of large revers, with a collar at the back. This toilette could be varied by wearing a vest of palest pink silk and a collar of yellow lace and white cambric; or a white blouse, with the blue scarves and the camLric collar. Drills of any shade can be made to this same model, and form delightfully cool costumes for hot weather. A very pretty hat suitable for a little child, is made in ivory satin, faced with sky-blue satin, the full erownbeing :tily arranged with silk applique,

finished with ribbon rosettes and ostrich tips. It Is able for children from 2 to 10 years of age Is would also look very becoming in black satin, lined with colour to match costumes. Your loving JENrcrz.

MTh° middle verse of the Bible is the eighth verse ef t4e one hundred and rivhteenth

b HO* 'I I-110 TO nOtAli WOMikki. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting book which eve y woman would be wad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both !mulled and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressing to the sex. t,eut, free, securely sealed, for one tartp to cover postage. ADDRESS : Protessor E. LASA.LLE, 17, Eastbourne Terrace Paddington, London, W

The peasant women of Japan do not wear any form of head-dress.

Italy exported four hundred and eighty million dozens of eggs last year. An expert declares that eating beef regularly is bad for the temper. Lack of physical exercise has a tendency to make school children short-sighted. _ _ .

It is claimed that there are fifty-five dogs in the United Kingdom to every thousand inhabitants. The words " Emerald Isle," as applied to Ireland, were first used by Dr. Drennan in a poem entitled " Erie."

The Chinese Government levies a regular tax on beg.' gars, and gives them, in return, the privilege of begging in a certain district.

The letters in the various alphabets of the world vary from 12 to 202 in number. The Sandwich Islanders' alphabet has 12, the Tartarian, 202. Nearly every men, woman, and child in Egypt is a smoker of cigarettes, and a pipe is hardly ever seen in the mouth of a native.

The steamer Natchez, which lUDs between New Or- leans and Vicksburg, is officered by women. The cap- tain is Mrs. Tom Leathers.

Sparrows are very much like human beings. They have so much curiosity that they will gaze at their plumage in mirrors by the hour if not disturbed. A bat finds its way about without the assistance of its eyes. A blinded bat will avoid wires and obstructions as dexterously as though it could see perfectly. A closed room is bad for sleeping, because air once breathed parts with a sixth of its oxygen and contains an equivalent amount of carbonic acid gas ;air breathed six times will not support life. Piercing the flesh with even the finest needle hurts be- cause the nerves are so thickly matted just under the skin that not even the finest point can be introduced without wounding one or more. Miss Edith Rockfeller is one of the few American heiresses who have refrained from the choice of a hus- band of European birth and noble lineage. She has just become engaged to an American—to Harold Flower McCormick, son of the late Cyrus H. McCormick,the in- ventor of he reaping machine which bears his name. Great wealth is thus joined to wealth, for McCormick pare made an immense fortune in Chicago, and his id son, Harold, is still in the business.

Is Nose Bleeding Beneficial ? It is an old-woman's notion that nose-bleeding, se pre- valent at this season, is a very desirable symptom of health. Bleeding from the nose is caused by the conges- tion of the lining membrane of the nose, This conges- tion may be the result of catarrh, or, more properly, of the diseased condition of the nasal membranes which is due to catarrh ; or it may accompany congestion of some organ of the body, as the liver. It may also result from heart disease, or even from dyspepsia. Nose-bleed in children is commonly supposed to indic- ate nothing more than that the child tires easily or is over-active. Yet even these terms express more than is obvious upon a casual reading of the words. If a child tires easily, or, in other words, it the least over exertion at play or at study results in a more or less severe attack of nose-bleed, the child must he in a weakened state; while, on the other hand, if he is accustomed to allow his play or his studies so to absorb his interest as to make him forget his fatigue, he is placing an injudic- ious strai a upon his constitution. In either case he will be benefited by a curtailment of work and an increase in the amount of time allotted for rest, until his body is more fully developed. No child's mind can be developed faster than the body except at the expense of health.

Nose-bleed occurring in middle life and old age is a more serious thing, as it indicates a graver condition of affairs. It is usually coincident with diseases of the liver, heart or kidneys. Its cure is, of course, depend- ent upon the restoration of the organs to a normal con- dition. In elderly persons the disorder sometimes ap- pears to result from weakness, which in turn, it aggra- vates. It is a common saying that in full-blooded per- sons an occasional nose-bleed is beneficial ; and this may in a certain sense be true, inasmuch as the nasal int m- branes are thus relieved of congestion. But it is save to say that bleeding from the nose is never anything but a sign of weakness. The treatment of an attack of nose-bleed consists in absolute rest and cool epplicatinns ta the head. The extremities should be warm. The head should not he held down over a basin, as this favours the flow of blood, One mode of stopping an ordinary attack is for the person to stand erect, with the head in the usual upright position and the hands ex- tended at length directly over the head.

Cheap and Nasty. At the risk of the denunciation of my sex, says a lady writer, I must run a tilt against that woman's idol " cheapness." I don't want to condemn all eh, an things in a wholesale fashion. Against the cheap article whose price is the result of a genuine and permanent de- mand there is not a word to be said. May they increase and multiply ! But against the trashy goods with which the matket is constantly flooded, the "marvel- bus bargains," " ridiculous offers," the shoAdy shoes. " latest fashion," bad gloves " Paris cut," &c., &c. I must raise a protest. The cl•-mand for such is simply based on a perverted vanity and vitiated taste. Women are the greatest sinners in encouraging the cheap and nasty. Men, from being more accustomed to deal with gene ralities, do not err so much in this direelon. A man's first question is usually " Will it last ?" But a woman, larzely from her more circumscribed life, is ant to lock merely at the pleasure of the moment, and forth- with she will invest in some rubbishy article because it is " so cheap," regardless of the fact that it will soon be worn out, and so much money will have been wasted. It may be urged that the pretty cheap little fripperies are a boon to girls with small means in helping them to realise the natural desire to look nice. But this is really not the case. A girl buys a pair of shoes—the latest shape—at say 34. 11d. In a couple of weeks her feet look shabby. She ornaments herself in a cheap lace, which soon comes to pieces and looks drabby. Gin she be said to look nice ? The girl would look far nicer if she would expend a trifle more on a plainer shoe, and dispense with the cheap adornments ; or, if she must have adornments let her buy the materials and make some dainty thing with her own hands. She will then have a genuine delight in it for its own sake, and will have done something to raise the debased standard of art.

11), _z•'-':.:7:---Pit- , • • z MO •- •i. ........... 110 j . ---- \ •°' , \\*,' - , ._, ••64.- 1::' : • o . f , . f , ; „ ~ , ~,... .. / /,//_ . . ~ ,i • ,•••. , -..„.„-..„--- . - ...--,---,,..... ...---------- . -

, 0 : ~„.,: -,: ; • , , ,i( , _4,4`..1"„ • ~ 2 ' ... ~ , ' i A1.f.,,3./,' / . ,•1/44, -..,,,-; IA, tix ~,,` 1 1 ~A• 1, 'lL's. WIS ..';',.- 1 ...111 A . 1 •Av,,,,, ,„,--:\ •,...ii*: -,:-. N04:1,10,,,,,f,--;.= ~'l'. ' ..,4,,•-•:. 1;0441t, N.‘ k • 4 4 ,• . -1,:30.--:_—__:_•_---...5. ' .. • ,:p._ . ~.-/.. - - ' . ~;, • -_--____ 3) A ,- • iill // , • ..1 i, • - 11",

prett_ . L' t- • 6 , A(;:' # ‘l%) # .: - A E.:•-..c ~, - 1 414, • (kt: 1 4410, if) 7::,':..i5:r--',...':-.,:„.,1'.;-.'

===== 0002601_18950622_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
seconl

FROST IN JUNE.

" R.W.S." writes, June 17 :—" It i surely unusual for water to freev—oxcept in refrigerators—during the second week in June in the South of England. Yet, in- credible as it seemed to the writer when he fir4t heard it, he has it on more than one credible authority that water was found froz.m in the open air one morning last week at Aldershot. It would be interesting to know whether this phenomenon can be paralleled."

-4 --- - - BILIOUSNESS! ".:

z. tinl?..,E are few things that -, -0 take more out of a man than • an Attack of Biliousness, with kc'P its attendant horrors of Sick-Head- ache, the Indescribable Sinking Sensation in the Stomach, and the ..‘ feeling of Utter Revulsion at the Z -4. sight of food. Antl yet There is a remedy at ..4 hand that gives instant relief. We refer to a ;- BRANDRETH'S SUGAR-COATED *?: . ?*.

;e PILLS. A few of these little pills soon set . 4; things right again, and restore the natural healthy tint to 'the pale ..),$. cheek of the sufferer. ?. These pills being coated with 7.4 sugar are in no way unpleasant to ; '!„: take, and may always be depended upon. They are a cure for Bilious- .x. 4. ness of all kinds, Headaches, In- digestion, 4 Liver Troubles Consti. .1, 2 .1$ il/4• paton, and Mental Depression. w,. •N , Forty Pills in a Box, 1/1. OC 5, . ..,.''• all Chemists, or direct from the Wholesale 1 Abgency 210 Hamilton Square, Birkenhead, 1/3, post free. .. 'IC24N4I4IVIV'SVN-fesN'SVlVl'4 W f-,-.' IV l'ol

Z.' :0••••• • ..... -...11C • 11 .7-. • / .41 I; I t .0,...,...4k 4... ~.... _ ~,,,,,..........„).„..........., _ , ...-.,..:.,,„,.. ~•, ~--......-..:,,,_„,,-...7_,. -.... ~...._...._...._____.....„;,, ....,_...........

===== 0002601_18950622_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
<

===== 0002601_18950622_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR; BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY,

Author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," "Floribel's Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER XXXVI. AT LAST. THERE had not been so much rejoicing at Thornton Villa for years as there was during the hour that followed Doris's return. _ _

It seemed a wonderful story to Mrs. Thornton and her daughters, that the famous beauty and heiress of whom they had heard so much, was indeed Doris—Frederick's bride.

_ "Oh, if you had but made a confidant of me and told me all, how different everything wquld have been," cried Trixy, laughing and crying in a breath as she threw her arms around Doris's neck, giving

her a real old-fashioned, girlish hug. "You are here just in time for Gwendolin's marriage," Trixy went on eagerly; "and a very brilliant idea has occurred to me in connection with it. We will have a double marriage. You shall be married over again to Frederick, and that will be your real wedding day. I will not hear a word on the subject in the way of objection," declared Trixy. "I must have my way about this.

"You will have barely time to rest an hour before luncheon,' Trixy went on, gaily. " Re- member who is coining at seven. And when he finds his dariing Doris is here—beneath this roof— he will not wait an instant until he sees you.

These lovers are always impatient creattires. Great goodness! how you are blushing, Doris. But there! I must run away. "Oh, dear I every one's love affair turns out happy but mine" murmured Trixy, with a little, half-suppressed sob. " Gwendolin and her lover are to marry, Doris and Frederick are to be happy at last. While Karl Lancaster, the young man I care for—Oh, dear, what a little goose I am for carin3 for you, a ;owl who doe* not dream of caring for me. But he does not know it and never shall. There's a great deal of consolation in that."

It was a very happy six o', lock dinner they sat down to; but Dori+ could not ea 5 a morsel. But no one pretend,: to notice it. She was glad to escape to her room. She quite fancied they must hear the tumultuous throbbings of her heart as the hands of the ebony and bronze clock on the mantel travelled shpwly—very slowly—toward the hour of seven.

Suddenly there was a quick, imperative tap on the door, accompanied by Trixy's shrill vozce, crying out, impatiently. "Open the door, Doris, please. I have something for you." Doris opened the door all in a flutter. Had Frederick come, and was Trixy bringing a message from him? But, no. There stood Trixy, with a pretty white mull dress, half smothered in lace flounces and knots of blue ribbon, on her arm.

"I'm going to convert you, in no time at all, into a veritable Cmderell k, my dear Doris,'' she cried. " As your trunks are not here yet, you mast accept the loan of one of my dresses for this ence. I want you to look ever so pretty in 'somebody's' eyes. And I know that somebody will think you perfectly charming in this." "Oh, how good you are dear," said Doris, happy tears shining in her due eyes. "Don't mention it, or you will confuse me," declared Trixy, laconically. "Come now, Doris. You haven't much time to spare, I can tell you. See, it wants a quarter to seven now." Then the work of transformation began. Doris was soon robed in the pretty white mull dress, and the pale blue sash knotted about the slender waist, with a cluster of blue bells, as blue as her eyes, on her breast. "There never was such a little fairy," Trixy declared, leading her up to the mirror. "True, you have not any diamonds on—and I haven't any to lend you; but who would miss such trifles, gazing at such a bewitching, blushing face, and eyes bright as stars Oh, won t every young fel- low around here envy Frederick, though ! ' "Please don't, Beatrix," cried Doris, blushing redder than ever. "I'm so happy, and you are trying to make me vain." At that moment the sound of carriage wheels was heard rolling up the avenue. "It's Frederick— at last 1" cried Trixy, waltz- ing out of the room, but calling back with a saucy little roguish laugh: "Expect to be called very hurriedly in five minutes time." And away she flew to allow Doris to recover her composure; but that was easier said than done. How her face flushed and paled as she heard that well-remembered voice in the corridor below— heard the tender, cheerful greeting that passed between him and the family. Then she knew, by the faint sound of their voices, they had taken Frederick into the drawing-room. How long would it be before they would send for her? At the thought a sudden, girlish hesitancy crept over her, and she felt like running away from Thornton Villa again. She went swittly down the corridor into the conservatory, but the perfume of the rare exotics seemed to stifle her, and she passed into the garden. How long she stood by the fountain she nev•T knew, but a few minutes seemed to elapse ' • then she heard Trixy calling her name; but she did not move—did not stir. All power to move or to speak seemed suddenly to have left her, she was so agitated. Then there was a confused murmur of Trixy had burst into the drawing-room with a white, startled face, declaring Doris had gone. A low cry fell from Frederick's lips, but before he could utter a word his mother put her jewelled hand on his shoulder. "I do not think there is any need for agitation, my dear boy," she said. "You must go into the conservatory and search for Doris, and take my word for it, you will find her; if not there, she will probably be in the rose-garden beyond, wait- ing for you." Frederick Thornton needed no second bidding; in a fia h he had gone from the room, and was hurrying toward the conservatory. He stood in the midst of the nodding blooms, glancing around him with eager, impatient scrutiny, calling, softly, " Doris 1 Doris 1" But no slight form pus ed aside the green leaves and sprang into his outstretched arms. "She is not here," he said to himself. Then he went on into the rose-garden beyond. The dusk had crept on, the golden s ars had come out, and a 3/oung moon was set like a jewel in the evening sky, shedding a soft, subdued light on the flowers and trees. He saw the glimmer of a white dress through the branches of the lilacs. The flush deepened on his handsome face. Some one was standing by the fountain—he knew it must be Doris. She was leaning over the fountain's brim, watch- ing the stars that were reflected in the rippling water, and thinking of Frederick—wondering how she would greet him—what words she would use. She longed for, yet, girl-like, half dreaded the all- important moment when it drew nigh. Down the lawn strode a tall figure, his heart in his eyes, as he watched the beautiful picture under the b ossom- ing boughs. He crossed over to where she stood, coming up behind her, his footsteps making no sound on the thick, green grass. He bent over her so closely that his lips almost touched her go den curls. Doris was looking dreamily over the roses, . won- dering why the moonlight falling upon them at that moment seemed to take a more golden hue; why the robins, singing their good-night songs in the branches of the beeches, seemed so joyous as they twit ered and hopped from branch to branch; and why her heart commenced to beat with a rapture so keen that it was almost pain. some subtle magnet caused her to turn her head —and then she saw him. Frederick Thornton was standing close beside her with extended arms, and & light on his handsome face that thrilled her to the heart's core. "Doris, my darling, he whispered, with tremu- lous eagerness. With a little quivering cry, she murmured: "Frederick! oh, Frederick !" and the next instant his arms enfolded her, just es they would hold her through life, pressed close to his throbbing heart, and love's passionate kisses were burning the fair, sweet face, the rosy mouth and rippling golden curls. "You know all, Frederick I My terrible mis- take?" she faltered. "Yes, all, my darling," he answered, taking her white hands and clasping them round his neck and firmly folding them there. " It was a terrible, yet a very natural mistake, which anyone would have made under the circumstances. We have been near being severed for life, my darling ; but thank Heaven, the past—is pas!. Vesterday at this time I thought I had lost you for ever, Doris, .. and life looked dark and uot worth living ; fur

What is life worth unless shared by the-One we His handsome lips drooped lower until they rested against the rosy, dimpled cheek. "lam going to claim the little bride whom fate drifted so strangely from my arms on our bridal day as soon as possible," he declared. "We both know how dangerous are delays. I shall claim you this very hour. You will consent if you love me, Doris. Tell me—do you, Doris?" A rosy flush surged from Doris's dainty white throat to her broad white brow for one little second, as she struggled to free herself once more from the strong clasp of those loving arms; and she shyly lifted those wondrous blue-bells of eyes to his face, with a glance so full of adoring love that it almost took his breath away for rapturous ecstasy, and he was answered. Then followed for the re-united lovers half an hour in paradise, as they sat together on the garden bench among the roses, talking over the past and exchanging eager vows of constancy and love for the future. "Oh, Frederick, we might have been happy long ago, if I had not thought you loved—Vivian, your first love better than me,' she murmured; "and I remembered, too, that you had wedded me on that fateful ni.ht of the ball, through pity's sake," she added, smiling. "Pity is akin to love, dear," he answered, tenderly: "It is not always the love kindled at first sight that lasts longest, dear. "I confess, when I married you, it is as you say —I did not love you, Doris. Shall I tell you when I did commence to care for you, dear 1" "Yes, tell me Frederick," she whispered. "It was on that weird bridal trip of ours, while we were on the train whirling toward Baltimore. You sat by the wind ,w, with your pretty face turned toward the outer darkness, looking so hope- less, so forlorn and friendless that my heart smote me for not trying to make you happier. "Then, again, the fall knowledge of my love for you burst upon my heart on the night you stood under these very same beech trees and confessed your love for the husband whom you supposed had cruelly deserted you, crying out you loved me, but would die to set me free that I might marry Vivian. On that night, when I thought I had lost you for ever, I knew the bitterest pangs of torture a man's heart can know. But we will talk of the dark past no more, love. Tho dark clouds have rolled away, and, thank Heaven' the sunshine of love has illumined our lives at last. "Come, dear, we will go into the house. They are sure to be tired of waiting for us." "I should think they were tired of waiting for you,' cried a saucy voice behind them. It was Trixy, who had come up just in time te hear that last remark.

"They haven't the patience of Job, please understand; and they've waited so long for you two that patience has long since ceased to be a virtue. Mamma has sent for you both. There will be p:enty of time for this billing and cooing in the future.' They followed Beatrix, laughingly, into the drawing-room, where the whole family was gathered to receive them. The girls would not listen to it that Frederick should claim his bride at once. It would be so romantic to do the wooing all over again, and have end in a grand wedding. Besides, that course, and that course only, would prevent that startling story of the past from being given to the world, and causing a nine-days' waisation, they declared. And, for the latter reason, impatient as he was to claim Doris, Frederick was forced to admit that plan was best. That afternoon a telegram was sent to the Lan- casters, iniorming them that Doris was at Thornton, Villa. "Of course, I am very glad to think Doris and Frederi k Thornton are to be happy at last," said Mrs. Lancaster that night to her husband. "But, oh! how sorry I am for our Karl ! Doris has wrecked his life! He loved her so well I He—he —told me so," she sobbed. "He is young ; tiine will cure all that. His heart is very susceptible. The next pretty girl he meets is quite liable to catch his heart in the rebound." "How can you imagine Karl so fickle as that?" cried his mother, warmly. "It is not fickleness; it is the way of men; human nature, any dear."

===== 0002601_18950622_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.)

FIRST SWELL: "I just found my coachman smoking my cigars. Don't you think I ought to. send fora constable?' Second Ditto: "No; I think you ought to send for a doctor." HEARTLESS. —She : "I have a telegram for you. That wealthy uncle of yours is dying." He : "Hip, hip, hurrah!' " She : "Gracious! Why do you hurrah?" He: "I want to cheer him in his last hours." Youfic 808 (enthusiastically) : "Matrimony is the thing for you ! Why, you bachelors don't know anything about comfort, companionship, and the long-tried years of comradeship—" How long have you been married!" "Nearly three weeks."

No HARM Corm) BE DONE.—Mrs. Parvaynuh "I'm 'most afraid to wear more than four diamond neckla es to once for fear it will make me appear vulgar." Mrs. Heighlife : "Oh, you needn't be afraid on that score." "How do you sell your eggs, Mister ? " said a lad to a grocer. "Seven for sixpence, my lad." "Seven for sixpence?" said the lad; "that's six for fivepence, five for fourpence, four for three- pence, three for twopence, two for a penny, and one for nowt. Aw think I'll tak' one." A COUNTRY new paper thus describes the effects of a hurricane: "It shattered mountains, tore up oaks by the roots, dismantled churches, laid villages waste, and—overturned a haystack 1" THE boy who is whacked, cuffed, kicked, half- starved, over-workei, and otherwise neglected, generally, if he keeps out of prison and does not die, makes the best man. AN AFFLICTED NOSE.—Mamma.: "Frances, doesn't that flower smell sweet, dear?" Frances (aged four): "I tau% mell it. I dess my nose is dead. To a gentleman who has married the daughter of a rich biscuit-baker a friend said: "So you have taken, not tffe cake, but the biscuit, this time ? " "Yes, and the tin with it," was the witty, if ungallant, reply. "Is your wife of a sunny die- position ?" "Ye,, she makes it pretty wacm for me sometimes."

--- - DAWKINS :"I was a great friend of your late husband. Have you any little thing of his you, could let me have to remind me of him?" Dis- consolate Widow: "What's the matter with me?" Exit Dawkins.

"DID you see that pale young man calling out 'Cash 1' at the ribbon counter ?" "Yes." "Fate is awfully funny sotnetimes. Ten years ago, when, we were boys together, his one ambition was to be a mLhty hunter and catch mountain lions with a. lasso.' DICK: "How did it happen that Miss Blanche- refused you It was understood that you were her favourite." Jack: "The regular way —the favourite didn't win." Malmo:: COMMERCE. —Clerk : "Lady in front caught stealing goods. What shall we do?" Head of Firm " Row is she dressed?" "Furs. and diamonds." "Beg her pardon, and ask if we shall send the bill to her house"

"THERE is one thing I dread," remarked John- son, "and that is a premature burial." "Don't worry about th&t," replied Brown. "The thing is impossible. There's no danger of your being buried too soon.' FIRST BOY (contemptuously) : Your mother t kes in washin'." Second Boy "0' course. Yu di,ln't a pose she leave it hangin' out overnight unless your father was in prison, did ye "It's a good thing we can't see ourselves as others see us," said Mawson. "That's so," said 7iVitherup,.conaplacoutly. "How conceited rd be

if we cod

THE TEST OE Lovit.—St. Clair (RE delicately as possible): "Row much is your father worth?" Geraldin, ; "Oh, a little over two millions." St. Clair: "Heavens I love, you more than I thought I did." SHORT " I thought you were going to drown that cat f" Long: • Well, they say a cat has nine lives, but. this one has twenty, I think. Why, I actually put that cat in a tub of water and tied a brick round its neck, and what do you think?" Short "Goodness knonral" Long : "Well, this morning, when I went to look at the tub, the cab had swallowed al, the water and was Bitting on the brick r-

FRIEND OF TIIE FAMILY (to little Ella, who has just retUflll3ll from a holiday) : "You do look well, Wherever did you get that rosy colour on your cheeks from:" Ella: "From mamma's dressing-table.'

===== 0002601_18950622_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ .

===== 0002601_18950622_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
_____:.................._ iNDIGEsTio T x . . HE whole medical profession the worl3 over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indirs t inn. • Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statit‘t.e•: show that nearly half the deaths in civiii,:esi• countries are caused by diseases of the stomocli and kidneys. Hitherto the remedes prcs,ribe I by the medical profession for Indigestion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogele.r Curative Compound does cure Indigpstion. It 1 The Most wonderful medicine in existence, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the niost' chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 1/1% and 2,6, a all Chemists ; or seat free bY Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Selo Propietors The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farring,e" Road, London.", ____.--........."---

-- I

===== 0002601_18950622_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
g\ 716 y .

Disinfectant

(NON-POISONOUS) I Instantly Stops Infection' The Safest and Surest Protector against r eltifer Small-pox, Cholera, Diphtheria, and o Infectious Diseases. "The most poWerfu4, g destroyer at present known to science. entirely unique discovery, not a coal•tar Instantly Stops Infection a at Sinks, Traps, w.c.'s, Drains, dz.c., flus,s of trifling cost, a as. 6d. bottle making 30 ga,"..""ors strong reliable disinfectant. "Izal' is easily distributed through water than C 3, acid, and is perfectly safe, and free- train Instantly Stops Infectwil.‘.l, odoi, Sold in Bottles, is., as. 6d., and as. 64., a oat Gallon Tins, zos. A sample bottle or tin for carriage paid in the United gingdorn postal order. hal Toilet solll3—Of Chemists, Grocers, Oilmen, , es: 6d. per box, promotes healthy skin, and relieves Ec? Izal Medical Soap—zs. Per box, a powerful agent 14 aur treatment of Skin Diseases. Izal •jy strains and bruises; powerfully antiseptic, and a use, ~ relieves any unusual muscular strain. For domestrechoia Is. ,4d. a bottle; for veterinary use, 2S. Izal Ho. s' Laundry Soap-4d. Aer lb., splendid for Lai' Scouring. The best for hard water. UM Soft cianr„ Free from caustic alkali, and is a powerful' tins, z lb., lid.; 2 lb., sod. ; 3 lb., is. Izal Crcajar Tubes, very convenient antiseptic, in emollient forgla the Skin. Izal Ointment—is. I%a'. Per pot, ex" at! for Burns, Scalds, Chapped Hands, Chilbleuns, Ye',A Tooth Powder—is. per box, most useful for let I°'gums. Izal Lozenges—is. I%d. a box, admira psi Sore Throat, and useful treventive of infecti'"h 'O7A Smelling Salts—Core and relieve Influenza, Ca Cold in ix the Head, Faintness, es.c., great trotectionot` infection, is. 1,4 d.

SOLE MANUFACTURERS - NEWTON, CHAMBERS & Thorncllffe, Sheffield; soa, Lord Street, Livcrv-t. and aroarenor Buildings, Deansgate, Mancliege

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPT' ple To Cure Eczert, vior 'ECZ EM Eret: Ltleos:l::)6alinriedreita,sot!:et„..„,:er Bad s'ilse'ote: CULLWICK'S SKIS OINDIENP an 1 111-1° TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATIOr4• ' • Butler Otntment or Tablets. le. 10., from all Cherrifoo-ti, post free Is. 31.. from MARTIN. ‘themtst, South4oll4 J Boors, 048 h o3mi.t. VVarringtou. Agents rp S PEAKIAN 27. Bridolet., Runcorn.

-,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iilcha

===== 0002601_18950622_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A p .e J .XCYC N L'S ! .larvellou ( , , Vre.411.724ape Write for Ou'r 1895 OyiTur rst guarantee ated list 3 ....-.2„,,..: • 1N7.4 of new and second-hand Pneumatic 7.4. W. ' no, and Cushion SAPETIRi and TRI- CYCLnS, post free. Easy Pam from los. RIOnthIy.—BRITIBH CYCLE MANUFACTURING 0 45, Rverton-road, Liverpool.

EPPS'S COCOAINE.— Cocoa- Nib Extract (Tea-li ke).--.lhe choicest roasted nibs (tviken up beans) of the natural Cocoa, ,r 1 being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressu.-e, give iorth their excess of oil, leavmg for use a finely flavoured ti):;!tcler -" Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with ,ning Water, has ohe consi4tence of tea, of which it is now ichcially taking the place with many. Its active principle a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy ".waout unduly exciting the system. Sold only in packets tins, by tirocer, labelled Imes Epps and Co., Ltd., tioinceopathic 011-mi Ai, London." To be obtained in Warr- ilgt°,„4 of W, Bamford ; Rich ird-on & Sons ; Bowdon & Sons; Peraival ; T. W. Woods and others in every district.— Advt.

0 CK ATO OAR

1,712,(5 Most marvellous soap a the age for Laundry, Bath, ;hout Disinfects rapidly Antiseotic. Non injurious, washes ite rubbing or labour.. Sawa blueing Cures Rheumatism. iri,„,bes the Skin. Wholesale Ag•-nts in Warrington, FERCIVNL and Co. Sole Maaer, F. L. BA.RTBLT .-Jusoarn • , „ -on sto,.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTERNOON AT WALTON

LEA.

iIECEPTION, GAMES, AND SPEECHES.

teet.,Ythe kind invitation of Mr. A. IL Cro.field, 170 erct-"peee'era of the Y.M.C.A. and P.S.A. were, on Saturday, thet-ained at a garden party held in the grounds of at 2 gentleman's residence. Assembling at the Y.M.C.A. afte;3, the majority of those present proceeded shortly tie,: '0 their destination by that easy means of locomo- eroegenerally designated a 'bus. Three of these vehicles the yaid at Mr. Maginn were required however, eeeeeithstanding that a good number of the more entre w -6°aleLlet charmed with the beautiful weather, preferred to lest Thus by various methods Walton Lea was at lb reached about 3.15. Here the ctange from . law(' etinatY veld to the green and inviting '• Costalind walks was at once appreciated, corroboration lie at feeling being afforded by the various and emepej,...e.expressinns of delight which escaped the un- • " et visitor, A short march up the drive to the front hee.B house brought the party in the presence of their tees who very cordially welcomed the leaders of the 1.8111), With a handshake. To TETE RECEPTION. th exthnd his welcome toeall, Mr. Crosfiekl mounted lecetilitePa at the entrance of the house and said the col- , fem:,.veneee was in the air nowadays ; it was quite the efte"°n. Not that they were enemies to individualism f -.8 healthier kind ; at least he was not and he there- ere the 'shed them to accept individually and separately 1200" heartiest welcome he could give them that after- se tic (Applause.) He was very pleased that they had keae a first-rate day for their visit. A variety of amuse- : 14neetes, he said, were provided, and he hoped that the neo""3ers of the Y.M.C.A. and Pleasant Sunday After- , leietf a Society would spend a very happy time. Mr. e.„ePs. the head gardener, whom he referred to in • -"Rt4olditnentary terms, would go round the tee with the members and explain everything e Y wished to be explained. He understood that in the eel:noire of the society natural history was included, eie" he was very glad that that was so. The rudiments eie-atnral history, or the taste for it, were instilled into eee" Mind at an early age, and he could recollect the I re:netts with which one came acraas some rare sped- -10 searching for flowers or ferns, esneeially if it . we• rPened to be in an unusual or inaccessible place. He ae;B,not sueeesting that anyone in pursuit of that hobby , jeopardise his neck. He should be very sorry to , loggerheads with any of their female relatives, •• et regard to the younger members present by making ee3e'd Suggestion—(laughter)—hut if anything in the ore ens would increase their knowledge of natural hls- . taut' eand conduce t a developmont of their taste, so *me the better. There wag nothing he lthier, there tt nOthing nicer or pleasanter than a day in the noun- , eie tie had travelled a great deal in his time, but he • venct know any part of the world in its own way ee'"ch would beat old Cheshire at this time of the year. RDlause ) under the conductorship of the friendly Mr. Kipps,the Dart e_ Y were then led on a tour of inspection through the t eonservatories and gardens. The first-named places tere first entered and in them were seen growing in li‘liereurious abundance, palms, peaches, oranges, grapes. fetia iraPhles, orchids, passino-flowers, ferns, plants and of endless description. The fruits were in 4sellaus staves of ripeness, while one and all were pro- 'big with ingenious appliances for support and train- ti, the abode of each was scrupulously neat and klian, everything haying apparently been done by Mr. 4138 (who meanwhile described and pointed out the e p: rent plenty) to ensure suceeeeful growth. An rip- ( •theelable change of air was aff mied on first entering • tee grounds, hut the heehonapti treaeed all to changes tle,Bo•lPerattire ranging from the outside atmosphere to . eee Penetrating heat of the tropics. It wae precoc- DO Turkish bath, net necessitated, but by no meaTe agelin `untive of discomfort. On reaching the open air W, where Mr Kim' instructive guidance was not :!'llwil,!8dfol, the visiting party broke up into groups and tieeept their different ways." " Things that are beau- etiee': there were in abundance, and from the system- ' m 44 arranged newer beds one could wander through " ; Of . 7 avenues past a fish basin, an dinto the solitude "3111 11 " ,le a wood, eventually emerging into the brilliant nskine Tim • ' evrieeeee 'Nag now afford ed for the indulgenee in games, hae-ee.the aepearanne of tennis Tr() inete,c•ie-et tOl)pf.Tgee'td to many. A couple of splendid tennis Occupied the broad, level lawn fee nti ng the eere and here the pleasing*, game was in full swing. . '''ner parts of the grounds there Was accommodation , , ited devoteesi of bowl's, croquet, fonth.ll, rounders, • knifricket, which latter was sehatitut,d fer archery. ea aPPrehensinn tieing felt by the Y M C.A. officials • 14° its eafety in the hands of novice.. Ps loss was V/ felt, however, and the choice of cricket preyed a telB4eareh°ne;for a friendly match was got up between er ~r the honeehnie and the Y.M.C.A. 8h5114'30, above aehundred of the members were mar- ' ketied in front of the house and on the steps by Mr. Who was preset for the piirriese of photo- ' tierine the groups. In this picture Mr. Crosfirecl was ' chief fienre. and two views were taken. Further n • e BfMr. p a made in the " taking" of ires ea meta NM , Tee 113'nembere of Mr. Pearson'. t and and a few others. tO th and Was afterwards stationed in close proximity • • ilite,seee t,Prlt under which the tea tables were laid, and at tele treated all within hearing distance to music of orde e get) T, 4,11 d T,ll after five n'elnelt all assembled under the tent " eft ;el:toner of the excellent tea ernvided by the host. !thea the eatables had been disposed of Mr. Wyllie e'`een of the Aesoeiatien). occupied the chair at the OrePle°mptu meeting devoted to speechmaking. There le3ee alao present—Mr. A. H. Cre.field, the Hive. E. T. !• 45:111' jeepa vies, J. Kirtlan, W. J Kirkland.J Warneek, ddi,rnett, LP., Mr, J S Garland, Mr H. Taylor • teeeer•), Mr. S. B S•rinoer, Mr T. Birth... Mr. R. H. ' (gete°ll, Mr. Bickford, Mr. Knpa, Mr. H. Stewart PtBBtht• See end other. Mr F. Monks, J.P., IC.C., was • 1,11 earlier in the att..rnoon. 1,."1 re! Cratemeer,after expressing his pleasure at seeing II:LIT' Present that afterneen,called upon the Rev. E. l'ee`el to memos° a vote of thanks to their ne r. nee Bev, E. T. Rent, after stating that he ' et the privileee being on the committee fet ethe Association in this town, and that tn., he-, ROmd many years it had been big privilege glaat heaseeinted with the work in different places, said . thaentB hed been asked to move a very hearty vote of heft, RtO their kind heat that afternoon, and who had ethe eralen peed as Co give this roron.ion to the members of 441 f:'"..C.A. and to those connected with the bible class 4 13„"'Incley afternoons in the rooms of the Assncia- demi, tem en occasion lilsothat a -egeneecti Was neither • he apa°le nr expected, hut the eta alter said it should not ,AsseeTwed to pass away witheet a few words as to the s ;10e-,.e.a.•ti" and its objects. The history nf the Aesocia- 'L'aeht he summed un in one brief sentence, that it • eeeteri tt from the bedroom to the palace." It was only hei,lBaet.fleinee the Young Men's Christian Astenciation was three' In the city of Lnndnn in a small bedroom and tgre:e"the inetrernentality of one young man. It vwas;Orit ',PI' to them who had been in the aeseciatinn teeei seine ware now to knew that one of those who feeeri the honour of knic,hthood !act rear was the thier of the Y.M CA., Sir Georee Williams. It wag ,alßht9,nt tho-, he thooght the life of that one man folkee Z° he an inspiration to every veung. man there to taife"ai,llllll"4lnlPle and anend his life to the beet Peke advan- -le, the hslri of his fellow men. The sneaker then :44111.t1 detail of the jubilee eel bratien of the Agenda- ' ?Ares--ee7;ndenr Caetle and at which 23 countries were ‘eittieeeeed. Continnine. he said that the relation of men to this Aeroeiati, in ha always been close itwas b„,,cp they had realised the ieß:"eheeprartical impeennee of the Y TA CA. in draw- -1...41t111;)°,11enf? Men to habits of truth and perseverance,' whieh it was imnoasihle for them as a nation to W • Oe nth forefront of their commercial reletinnshing. e; th A reagen hEn land etorei in the front to-day i w-kealle "7 •resa men. .ar h nr the sterling truth of her bust 11.f‘t He thought the Association had had a ner, "1 to de in marking the course of their letleineeß NoPy r] "twine the lastwi 50 years. The late Mr. Samuel "e hr " "el there was no en-estimation in England at • 'bto.._m.eg°rlt fi is,„ me of grl,ltPv rrletleat vSlup, or so full of Pa ° the llmin.M,n'.Christian Association. The , ker 1 'l.l",bersid Lord Cairns giving utterance to the -"rest 'Pm k words: "I consider this one of the op ke,..e.ter neerdaetinng which the present genera- Beenfide and I can conceive nothing more excellent

===== 0002601_18950622_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
than an Association which holds out to young men the light hand of fellowship and encouragvmt tit, with Chris- tian companionship, employment and recreation, going for to fill up the vacuum of their daily Hie, which shonl I be filled up for good and not for evil!' Mr. Reed waived to say before he concluded that he hoped this gathering would result in the young men of Warrington, especially those who were connected with the Y.M.O A. setting their faces against the great evils which they had to con- tend with in the town at the present time.. Of gambling he said it was most important that right-minded young men should see that this evil was very likely in the near future to do an immense damage to the young manhood and womanhood of the country, and he earne,tly hoped and trusted that there would be an earnest effort, made to stem this torrent of iniquity. Of drink and other evils he did not need to speak, but he turtler exhorted them to set their minds against the giant evils by which they were confronted, and he hoped that Mr. Crisfield would have the joy of knowing that out of that gather- ing they had been stirred up in the matter. The speaker then detailed the objects of the association saving of spiritual objects, that they were the great point upon which it was brought into existence and in the hope that their young men would be true to 'MAUR Christ. If an association was to succeed its objects must he kept in the front. He hoped that Christian men would rally round the Secr...tary and help by all the means in their power to carry out an important work in the town. Referring to intellectual objects the rev, gentleman said the E•Sill- dation had always placed before them the necessity of educating the young manhood. Thera were physical objects and of those they had an example o,ttside the tent. Of social objects they had a very beautiful illus- tration in the pleasant gathering that day. He hoped that Mr-Crosfield would feel encouraged,by the examples named in his hearing that day, to think he was only fol- lowing a real example and he had afforded a great bene- fit to the association by asking them to come that, afternoon. (Loud applause.) He (Mr. Crosfield) had welcomed them in a most cordial and genial way and , from his heart, the speaker had much p'easure in pro- posing that their very best thanks be given to him for his reception that afternoon. (Applause.) I Mr. S. B. STRINGER seconded the resolution in the ceur se of a humorous address. . _ _

The Rev. J. DAVIES in supporting the motion thanked the Chairman for the kind words he had ussrl in refer- ence to himseif, and he ?was sure that they had Mr. beartiest wishes and earnest prayer that good might attend the association in Warrington. (Applause, The Rev.W. J. KIRKLAND was very pleased to be there that day, and he most heartily endorsed what h.tii pre- viously been said. Ile was glad to find that their Young Men's Christian Association in Warrington was aCeoM- plishing such good work. Personally he was obliged to Mr. Crosfield and would be glad to put in an appearance 12 months hence. (Laughter.) The motion was then put to the assembly and carried With great enthusiasm. Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, who was applauded on rising. said they had heard one or two tales told list now, and they were really so excellent and so much to the point that he had some hesitation in bringing out a little tale of his own though it was more pleasant to give than receive. (Laughter.) The stories recalled to him a rather curious remark that was made by a relation of his. He did not know whether they recollected, but a few years ago there was a great rage for confessions—everyone was going about with a con- fession book containing a set of questions to be answered and one of those questions always was "What do you consider the greatest possible misery and the greatest happiness " and this eccentric relation of his, a maiden lady,answered in this way : " The greatest misery is to be in church without a pocket-handkerchief, and the greatest happiness to spend other people's money." (Loud laughter.) It seemed to him that his happiness on that occasion ought to be two-fold—(laughter)—be• cause he was dispensing what little hospitality he was able to offer on behalf of his pater who was away abroad (laughter), and so far as it was being given he was the giver and not the receiver. He supposed for that reason the cup of his felicity ought to be full, and he assured them be could drink that cup without the slightest ap- prehension of the consequences, because he kn^w that his father would be entirely in accord with all the ob- jects of a Society like theirs. (Hear, hear.) Esery clear-minded man must be in accord with those objects ' of the Society which had been so well ennmerated bv Mr. Reed, and he argued that the establishing of charac- ter was a primary object of the Society. (flear,hear.) It ought to have the support of everybody, quite irres- pective of creed, class or party—(hear, hear).—b ecause whatever might be the agencies towards which they looked to have the tone and level of the S -ic'ety main- tained, and even raised in this country, reformers had always to bear in mind one thing, and that was that by those agencies character and will formed the blocks upon which they had to build the social structure •, or in so far as modern civilisation might he called a thine of natural growth, the simile would be more accurate if they described it as a tree which they might trim and prune by artificial means indeed, but of which character was tha root, and will and energy the sap of life. That appeared to him to be the first and chief reason why that society should command support on all sides in their town and shoulu continue to flourish sad increase. (Applause.) They did not appeal to beer and skittles for support in that Society. Personally he was not an seattie- tic, and he was net going to pose as one either,latit what. he for one and everyone must feel,was that thee wanted to have a more intelligent and widespread IMP of the op- portunities that were afforded now-a.days. Their op- portunities for rational occupation and recreation had been enormously increased during the last generation.so that it was hardly an exaggeration when a man wrote the other day to the effect that they had these things laid down at their own door like gas and water. It was these opportunities for making men happier,and happier in better ways and in ways that would not produce the feelings of satiety, that they would like to see extended, partly on that account and partly because like those great friendly societies in their other spheres, the Y.M.C.A. was one of the finest evidences of co-operation in the best sense of the word they had in this conntry. It was one of the most encouraging signs for their civic life in the future, and for these reasons he had the great- est possible pleasure in doing what little he could, even if it were done in a left-handed way, on behalf of his father, who was away, in supporting the institution that afternoon. (Applause,) He thanked those at the house and those in the town who had helped him to make their little arrangements for the afternoon; their indefat- igable secretary—(hear, hear)—the ladies—who ought ti have been first—(applause) and the artistic faculty of the town were represented on that occasion (hear, hear) and he could assure Mr. Birtles and Mr. Pearson that I they were proud to have them amongst them, as the

town owed not a little to their enterprize and the power they had displayed in their respective spheres. (Ap- plause.) He wished them success, and with r.sgard to society he hoped they would find that their numbers increased as they met every year, and that it obtained the success which he was sure on its merits it was thoroughly entitled to. (Lnud applause.) Before sepaeating, Mr. Stewart (general secretary) announced that he had aonlogies for non-atteedance from the Mayor,Mr. Charlton Parr, J.P.,C.C.,D.L .(president), Mr, John Fairclough, Mr. R. E. Garnett, ane several others. Mr. Cro=lield, he add, had drawn their attention to one important fact which he would try to emphasise and that was that he hoped they would have an increased number of members. They had laid them. selves out tor increasi .g the membership by one hundred before the end of December this year. They were all indebted to Mr. Crosfield that day and there was one practical form in which they could demonstrate it and that was by increasing their membership. If they had as moth as 54. they could become an honor- ary member—the best advertisement they could have. (Hear, hear.) This, he added, was by no means the last of such nuts during 'he summer. The R .v. JOHN KIRTLAW, would not like to go away without expressing his appreciation of the efforts to entertain them of Mr. Pearson and his band. (Hear. ' hear). It was a great pleasure to him to he present and to listen to the music they had given them (Applause.) He moved that a vote of thanks be accorded them for their services.. Mr. A. H. Crosfield seconded and the mrstien was passed unanimously. Mr. CRO FIRLD begged to endorse all that had been said with regard to the music they had had. They had games of tennis, bowls, and croquet, and if he could have had a golf I link they should have had golf too. (Laughter). He indulged a little himself, so far as he dare, and he sometimes saw the anxious eyes of Mr. Rims watching him as the turf was cut. Evidently he considered that the game was by no means worth the damage to the grass. The speaker hoped they wou'A find the rest of the games sufficient to keep them going. (Hear, hear.) The remaining two hours or so were spent in a con- tinuation of the games detailed, and a great amount of enjoyment was aff irded everyone. Soon after 8 p.m. the party bade farewell to their genial and generous host, and artived home very much benefited, physically and morally, by the excursion.

Eczema, Rabies, Sunburn, all Skin Affections, Joints, Twinges in the back, Toothache, Chilblains, Lumbago, Strained Muscles, Rheumatism of years standing can be got rid of at once with

===== 0002601_18950622_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
H . . '-4''. ' . , ; .. .. ~ ~ . . •,,, $ A ‘,. , ~,„.. ~., ,

_.ornocea—as a pain-relieving curative lubricanl for Piles, Cuts, Burns, Bruises, 84c. It wil TESTIMONIAL FROM DISH( YLOR.I

.HIGU BARNET. My dear old Friend, distributed a variety of youi remedies among afflicted natives, and among mission- aries ill sierra Leone, Liberia, Coast of Guinea, Cong( Country, and Angola, Souti, of Congo. 1 intro used HouocEl and have proved its healing virtue both for severe bruises and tlesl wounds, and also to kill the virus of mosquitoes and tiiigi;oes (jiggers).--Yours very tr

"HOMOCEA" CURES EVERYTHING. LORD CARRICK says HOMOCEA cured ' bleeding piles, when all else failed; that he Ave some to a labourer who was lamed by aone falling upon him, whom it cured. A woman tad a pain in the elbow and could not bend it for year, and it cured her, and another used it fo ilrvy on her leg, and it was doing her good—one %ter closes from him with the words, "It is th st- wonderful stuff that I ever came across."

ADY VINCENT, 8, Ebury Street, Loud is: "Homocea is such an incomparable api tion for Rheumatic Neuralgia, that she wis have two more tins sent."

The thing that Cures

• ....' -......- . i,<.•...'e.. ...................... • ~....r..*."'...' ...'.......**5"'".........,..„... T...:,==...........,„........................ .4% ~....... ............'............... ~.... ~,,,,,......... t 41'.' A...1A*4 •'IZ- „:7,.‘"'4. , • :::::::-”..1, .."•-•.. ..-:--,..-- .: ---.-'.......- Nikvillll. , _,...-. , _ _ ...... , V - - ' -,,,:,!•,,..i '•(7::,,,% \ . . _ .._ .. y• ,--,w%:,::;...-;S?„ .. . I.' - - - ---''''"- %"-.::' . ... ... • s s s 7 ,6 „••;:'.....%:::::„:.::.:5:,.:::-.. .- ( • s _ -..__ ... Air •;• .. :- .:: f;::::::.:::13:::- ~b-.. • _ _ - ...„ —.. e 7 ' -7: .....%._._...._. . .. .... . . . . . . . . . .:.; : 2 - ...1 . . 7 •,:ii:::". ..:';,.: .v:... i .7:: .. : ,' ''....•'...'...0...,..::::::::::,•,* i.,:-..3:" :,,.. .• :Is --."'..7---•-- s„ •., . s-- .... .... .... ... ......____ , , -,..;....7•.:::.*:::-.:;::'''''''.7.l, , -'_--.>'_.....„.--,..............-^' '''i.,‘:'.:..', '.-.. -> -"'''' *•-•%, ''.:7 -4.'''''.-•--.......... _ .../..... _ _,.__—..........„___ H - --- -

COP TA. --- I ...... - f ir tat) 1 1:3/4 • ad la„d th tgoelit, scur co )„ ~i 41,%., lette mos, Jr 'ic, ~.:344)(, • :....-1. L. ilk,sayr le ''''.4.-X,-,' VIA cati '-uly,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

I

t instantly Touches

the

===== 0002601_18950622_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SPOT

AFFLICTED.

:--has no rival in the world of healing remedies I stop a severe Influenza Cold like magic.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIA:

i "4".. : . If ,

FROM H. M. STANLEY. HOME REMEDY. Whitehall, London. BOW BRIGADE AND HOME, 'Dear Sir,—Your oint- Newcastle and Gateshead, it, called LIOMOCEA, , found to be the most April 18th, 1894. Ailing and efficacious "Dear Sir,--110140CSA is everything that can be desired to have in a Home such as ours. I lnguent that I could, ; mnaaiyis etc., and that lam more than pleased with it. possibly have for my frac- INVe have had several cases of torn feet, through `tired limb, as it seem and in every case, 110111001 CA has retain longer than an rworied wonders. For sores, blows, bruises, boils, ier, that oleaginousness'and cuts, it soon makes all healthy again. Ido requisite for perfect id efficient massage. not intend to without it in our Brigade Home. "Yours faithfully, :be fault of embroca• "C. E. TomuszsOw.* tions generally, is that they harden and require ' 'Homocea' contains no deleterious ingredients, iwarmth, whereas yours, besides being particularlyior such as would in any sense tend to render its larom3Lic., is as soft as oil, and almost instantly use unsafe, even in the hands •of persons utterly imollifyin,, in the case of severe inflammation. lunskilled in the application of healing remedies." 1 Yours faithfuly, HENRY M. STANLEY." —Extract from HEALTH. Homocea is a remedy that should always be in the house. Peale will get burnt, bruised, and hurt in various ways; A Cold in the head Will come on without warning. Homocea used as .inuf will check it. Remember! Homocea allays irritation, and subdues inflammation at once. Sold by chemists erv., at is. x;4d. and 2s. gd. per box, or free by post from the libmocea Co., 21, Hamilton Square, Birbenhead, for zs. yd. and 3s.

(Bishop) WM. TATLOR. American Methodist Eitiscoiai Mission.)

LO Itn COMDERMME says Ilomocta him more good than any embrocation be had' ~ever used for rheumatism.

,

64. mew Was soot 12r

illi . to 1 I °till SO SW Till 0 tic • t•I

, .

__;

===== 0002601_18950622_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
TnE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, PINE 22, 1895.

A VALUABLE SUGGESTION.

HOW LADIES CAN OBTAIN STYLISH GARMENTS WHICH COMBINE GRACE AND BEAUTY WITH ECONOMY.

If ladies want to save money in dresses we advise them to obtain the material at first cost from the Provi- dence Mills Spinning Company and become their own dressmakers. At any rate if a lady cannot make her own costumes she can economise by saving middleman's profits on the material, which amount to threepence or more in each shillingsworth. The above mills supply readers of this paper with dress materials in the newest patterns • fast colours ; strong make; firm cloth ; stylish effects and the latest fashion, suitable for any age. In th.-se days of scarcity of cash it is interesting to know the way to buy the necessities of life d int from the manufacturers. We confidently recommend you to write to-day for patterns, which will be sent free of charge by 1 sending a postcard with your name and address upon it. These must be returned at earliest convenience. Letters should be carefully addressed Providence Mills Spinning Co., C. Dena, tment, Bradford. Yorks. N. B —lf you like they will send you some beautiful samples of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools for home knitting which may be kept isy you. Gent's sum- mer suitings are also supplied at prices very much below any retail shop.

'SUICIDE OF A. WARRINGTON JOINER. An inquest was held at the Horse and Jockey, on Wednesday, by Mr. S. Brighouse, upon the body of Samuel Powell, 51. years of age, a master joiner,residing at 189 Llng.ford-street, who committed suicide at his workshop, 255 Winwick-street, on Monday afternoon,by drinking a quantity of carbolic acid. The widow stated that her late husband had had to undergo several painful operations some years ago, and recently there had been symptoms that other operations would he necessary. 'lbis had preyed upon his mind, and he had given way to drink during the last week or two. When he left home on Monday morning there was nothing in his manner to rouse any suspicion in her mind.

..... Emma Powell, 12 rears of age, and daughter of the deceased, said that at 1 30 on Monday, on her way to school, she called at her father's workshop. The door was locked and though she knocked she got no answer. She thee went round to the office window, and saw her father lying upon the bench. He asked who was there, to which she replied "It's only me dada." He told her to go home but she went to school, and on her way home at a quarter past five, when school was over, she called again. She then found the shop door and office door wide open. Her father was lying face downwards, his legs being in the shop and his head in the office. Thomas Perks said that he was called In by the last witness and found the deceased in the position described by the daughter. The deceased smelled strongly of carbolic acid. The bottle produced was upon the bench. Every effort was madi, to restore animation but in vain. Witness knew deceased, but had observed nothing peen- liar until the last week or two. He had not been very well, and a lot of work had come in which he had not been able to attend to. . _ .

E. H. Tapper stated that the deceased had bought threepennvworth of carbolic acid on Monday afternoon at about three o'clock. He appeared to be al: right at that time.

The pry returned -a verdict that the deceased had committed suicide during temporary insanity.

A statement of affairs —B-ted in the London Bank- ruptcy Court on Monday on behalf of Mr. William O'Brien, M P., returns the debts at £8,075. and the assets at £7O. A note appended states that the public funds of the party are responsible for the payment of these and similar claims. . .

The Duke of Norfolk has given £lO,OOO tn the build- ing fund of the new Catholic Westminster Cathedral, and twenty-seven " founders " have each given £l,OOO The King and Qleen of Denmark were present at a banquet on board the Tantallon Castle in Cop.nhagen harbour on Tue4day. King Christian proposed Mr. Gladstone's health, and the right hon. gentleman in his reply referred to the fact that be had once before visited the Danish capital.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIN wira TlEy CREERFUL EYE.

TRUE HISTORY OF MR. CLARKE.

I found Mr. William Clarice at his house, 32, Oakfleld- street, East Ham. His appearance surprised me, for I was not prepared to find a man with a bright, cheerful eye, a firm, clear skin, and the rosy glow of health in his 'ace. The traces of past suffering could be seen, it is true, but he had the air of a man with an appetite for the pleasures of existence. When I mentioned the ob- ject of my visit, he said " I could not easily exagger- ate what I have undergone from influenza and rheuma- tic fever, or the wonderful nature of my cure. I hadn't been well for over four years. I had influenza and my illness started from that. It kept me at home thirteen weeks, and even when I could rise I was not myself at all. I had a tired feeling, and rheumatic pains in all my limba. Two years afterwards I had rheumatic fever ; a very skilful doctor attended,and he couldn't rid me of the effects. With the rheumatic fever I was at home sixteen weeks before I could go to work again ; • and when I dil go I still had pains in my head and chest, could scarcely eat anything, and could never di- gest my food. I was ill again all last winter, from the first week in November, and did nothing for eighteen weeks. When I started work I could only just manage to drag myself about. After the first two or three days I felt the pains com- ing on again, and I thought I should have to stop work. Then I saw in the" Morning Leader "an account of the cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and thought I would give them a trial. So I got a box from the chemist, and before I had finished it felt a great change. The heaviness in the morning was en- tirely gone ; I felt light and fresh, and my strength began to return. I could hardly contain my feelings at getting rid of the pain after such a longtime: everybody that knows me says," There's a change in you somehow ; don't know what has done it 1" I kept on taking the Pills until I had taken four boxes, and have never had an ache or a pain since. Nothing ever did me anything like the amount of goo 1 that I got from Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I feel capital now !" Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are shown by this and other evidence equally well :authenticated to be an unfailing cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, paralysis locomoter ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache,and prostration ; also diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. They are a splendid tonic, and restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health a specific for all troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men effect a radical cure of all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excess. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold by all chemists, or may be had direct from Dr. Williama' Medicine Corn pany, of 46, Holborn-viaduct, London. at 23. 9d. per box or six boxes for 13s. 91. They are never sold loose, and any substitutes so sold are useless ; the wooden box must be in a pink wrapper bearing the full name, Dr. • Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ANARCHISTS AND THEIR VIEWS.

The London Anarchists have published a pamphlet which they distributed very extensively during their May-day parade. The " Freiheit." New York, gives a summary of the booklet, which contains sixteen octavo pages. What the Anarchists want cannot be clearly dis- cerned, and it is still more difficult to understand how they intend to convert the world into a Utopia suitable to their tastes. But it is very clear what they do not want. The " Freiheit's " extracts show that the Anar- chists have plainly set forth what institutions must be absolutely destroyed before the world can become per- fect. We quote as follows :—" The belief that there must be authority somewhere, and submission to au- thority, are at the root of all our misery. As a remedy we advise a struggle for life or death against all authority —physical authority, as embodied in the State, oe doe- trinery authority, the result of centuries of ignorance and euperstitioe, such as religion, patriotism, obedience to laws, belief in the usgulness of government, submis- sion to the wealthy and to those in office—in short, a struggle against all and every humbug designed to stupefy end enslave the working men. Patriotism and religion are sanctuaries and bulwarks of rascals ; religion is the greatest curse of the human race. " We do not share the views of those who believe that the State may be converted into a beneficent institution. The change would he as diffieult as to convert a wolf into a lamb. Nor do we believe in the centralistion of all production and consunnation, as aimed at by the Socialists. That would be nothing but the present State in a new form, with increased authority, a veritable monstrosity of tyranny and slavery. " What the Anarchists want is equal liberty for all. The talents and inelination of all men differ from each other. Ever:one knows hest what he can do and what he wants; laws and regulations only hamper,and forced labour is never pleasant In the state aimed at by the Anarchists, everyone will do the work that pleases him heat, and will satisfy his wants out of the common store as pleases him best. "We are called dvnamiters, asssssins, devils. But the men who call ne thus are the very ones who kill more people than all the Anarchists of all countries taken together. The men who revil,t us are those who murder the miners by colliery aceidents,who insure rotten ships, set fire to crowded buildings, and cause railroad collis- ions by overworking their employes."

The British Government derives £2,220.000 from land taxes, £4,440.000 from house taxes,and £9,000,0 00 from income taxes.

The hair of erimmals is allowed to grow three months before they are discharged.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR AND CORPORATION AT

CHURCH.

Holy Trinity Church, Warrington, was re-opened recently,atter its recent eenovation, and the service wa attended by the Mayor (Councillor James Fair:,lough) accompanied by the members and officille of the Cot. poration. There was the usual pracession from the Pown Hall to the church, the Vicar of which (the Rev- E. C. E. Carleton) is the Mayor's chaplain. The Borough Band, members of the Fire Brigade and the Borough Police force led the procession. Tne Mayor followed, wearing his chain of office, and accompanied by Alder- man Greenall, (the deputy-mayor), and the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle). There were also present Alder- man Francomb,Councillors R. T. Fairclough,Smethurst, Skelton, Pierpoint, Evans, Bennett,Shaw, Hill,Shillcock. Lee, Baird, Hepherd, Green and Beaman ; Messrs. John Fairclough,W.Owen,and J.W.Havward, borough magis- trates ; Mr. G. F. F. White, deputy maeistrates clerk ; I Messrs. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longden, (borough surveyor),Stanley Wilson (assistant town clerk)s J.Sutcliffe (assistant surveyor),S.Hunt (chief constable), T. S. Smith (police surgeon), R. Young (cemetery registrar), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), W. S. Howard (gas works cashier), and C. Madeley (librarian). Others present included :—Lieu. Fairclough, Inspector McAteer, R.S P.C.C., Messrs. A. Jolley, H. Toft. Dobson, Price, tize. Thc police were under the direction of the Chief Constable and Inspectors Spinks and Cox. The Fire Brigade were under Superintendent Turner. The service at the Church was largely attended, there being a crowded congregation. The members of the Council were accommodated with seats at the front. The service was couducted by the Rev. E. C. E. Carle- ton, vicar, and Mayor's chaplin, the lessons being read by Mr. H. J. Westbrook. The newly•appointed organist, Mr. Percy Bandies, presided at the organ. The preacher was the Rev. Canon Dodd, vicar of Stretton who chose as his text, Psalm xv 7. • " Whoso doeth these things shall fall." Aftcr allu ing to the pre- sence of the Mayor and speaking upon his duties, he said that they lived in an age wl- en all their institutions and establishments, of which many generations of Englishmen had been justly proud, were required to give an account of themselves, and explain and justify the reason for their existence. The centre of gravity of political power had gradually shifted its position lower and lower, till it was now discovered in the broad basis of the popular will, a position, in the opinion of many persons, the most stable that could be found. But a greatly lowered franchise had introduced a force with which the institutions of this country had rarely had seriously to reckon. For better or for worse they had created a democracy, and a democracy be it observed which differed in many essential respects from other democracies of either ancient or modern times. In England they had drifted into a democracy which gave the power of a vote to enormous numbers of the least educated class, and which was almost entirely de- void of safeguards. It was true they had nominal safe- guards in the Crown and the House of Lords. But the House of Lords, whenever it ventured to alter in a slight measure a decision of the Commons, called down upon itself the wrath and indignation of a section of the people, and was even threatened with ignominious , extinction, while the Crown was expected to vindicate I its title to a constitutional monarchy by endorsing with- I out question or demur the current sentiment of the day. It was not his purpose to argue upon the good er evil of these things, but simply to impress upon his hearers the peculiar condition of things, almost unexampled in the history of the world, and to recall once more an often forgotton truth that the vox populi is not invariably the vox Dei. The tendency of modern legislation had been to place 'power' almost entirely into the hands of these classes, and under the name of the masses the great and final appeal was to be made to them on all (peg- tions affecting the welfare of this vast empire A student f the times, therefore, could hardly fail to see that they were probably approaching periods of great upheaval and changes. Increasing knowledge, ever fresh conquests in every branch of science, ever extend- ing facilities for locomotion, combined with the shifting of political power rendered such changes almost inevit- able. The serious cpestion was should they result in failure or success? Should this great nation stand or fall ? Religion alone could secure to this great country a glorious and a happy future. "The fear of the Lard is the beginning of wisdom." She alone could curb the insolence of wealth, and hush the complaint of poverty. She alone could fairly adjust the conflicting claims of master and man. She alone could teach the strong to be merciful, and the weak to be patient. She alone could bind class to class and inspire an united nation with one unselfish endeavour for the furtherance of the common good. With a coat pure and irreproachable,with an aristo- cracy, mindful of duty, and true to the ancient motto of " noblesse oblige,' with statesmen, who disdained to give up to party what WAS meant for mankind, who cherished liberty too dearly to allow it to degenerate into license, with a church that planted unfaltering feet in the footsteps of its founder, large minded, laree trusted, sympathetic, just ; with councils and corpora- tions that sternly resisted every species of corruption and intrigue, and use their legitimate powers only for legitimate ends with all who were in authority exercis- ing that authority AS a God-given trust for which ac- count must be rendered, a nation that had these things and did these things should never fall.—ln the evening the Vicar was the preacher. The offertory in the morr- ing realised £l7.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANIES AND LOCAL A U THO RITIES.

Thefire insurance companies are,says a London news- paper, getting into difficulties with various municipali- ties, and the action which they are at present adopting may lead to disagreeable results. For some reason or other the insurance companies have been springing additional charges on public bodies without due notice. They have also combined wi.h each other, so that when a public body asks tenders for insuring property, it re- ceives but one quotation, or rather many quotations which are all the same. This has been the experience of the County Council, the City of London Guardians, the Westminster Vestry, and other authorities. These land other bodies have resented the arbitrary raising of charges. The County Council has a committee consider- ing whether some system of mutual insurance for public property could not be adopted, and the Man- chester Corporation has, as a preliminary, resolved to find out how much it has been paying the insurance companies and how much it has received in damages during twenty years. The Corporation had received notice that the fire insurance premiums will be raised 100 per cent. All this means that the insurance com- panies are provoking municipal action.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT, MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. H. GARDNER, replying to a question said the British Gov- ernment would be represented at the conference for the protection of wild birds which was about to be held in Paris.

- - Sir J. KIINNAWAY interrogated the SECRETARY for Watt about the proposed presence of the band of the Cold- stream Guards at the celebration of Low Mass on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic Cathedral at Westminster,and Mr. CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN informed him that as some poli- tical construction or some construction connected with ecclesiastical polemics had been put on the matter and a meaning given to it which was not intended, it was de- cided not to allow the band to be present. Mr. Simw-Lxvigvas brought in a Bill, which was read the first time, to exempt from the regulations imposed by the Locomotive Act locomotives not used for trac- tion purposes. The House again went into Committee on the Welsh Disestablishment Bill, and resumed consideration of clause 5, which defines private benefactions. 6everal amendments were defeated, and the Clause was added to the Bill just before midnight, and progress was re- ported.

In the House of Lords the second reading of the Market Gardeners' Compensation Bill was moved by the Earl of DUDLEY. The Bill was accepted on behalf of the Government by Lord Carrington, but the Marquis of SALISBURY, while supporting the principle of the Bill, suggested that in Committee some of its details might be amended. The Bill was read a second time. Lord CARRINGTON moved the second reading of a Bill giving the police more powers in dealing with stray and diseased dogs in towns. The Bill, after a brief dis- cussion, was read a second time. The Dupe of Artorr.r, gave notice that he would at an early date call attention to the system of money lending at present in practice in the United Kingdom, and ask the Government if they would consent to the issuing of a Royal Commission to I inquire into the evils arising out the system.

TUESDAY. , In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening Mr. ASQUITH, replying to Mr. J. REDMOND, said he had come to the conclusion that JOHN CURTIN' now under sentence of penal servitude for life, was no longer fit, on medical grounds, for prison discipline, and he would he liberated on license. Mr. ASQUITH was questioned bv Mr. CARVELL WILLIAMS about the refusal of a Bedfordshire clergyman to celebrate a marriage because the lady bad not been baptised, and stated that so far as he knew this action was without any legal warrant, and he had no doubt the law provided an adequate remedy for the aggrieved persons:

Sir W. LAWSON complained, by RI eans of a question, of the granting of a special license to a publican in the , neighbeurhood of Castle Howard on the occasion of a , recent temperance demonstration there. Mr. ASQUITH was unable to say whether all the legal formalities bad been complied with, butsaid he was informed that great inconvenience had arisen on former occasions from the crowded state of the inn in question and the difficulty experienced by the public in obtaining refreshments. The House again went into committee on the Welsh Church Bill, commencing consideration of clause 6,which provides for the disposition of the property of the Churc 1 by the Commissioners appointed under the bill. Mr. D. Tfloatas moved an amendment to provide that the tem- poralities of the Church should be vested in a National Council. The amendment was defeated by 192 to 179. Mr. JEBB moved an amendment to provide that not only the parish churches but also the four cathedrals should be vested in the Representative Body. Mr. ASQUITH regarded the point more as one of sentiment than any- thing else, and said—thousth he knew he was running counter to a considerable body of feeling in Wales and England—he was willing to make this concession. The amendment was then agreed to. Sir F. Poland. moved an amendment to vest the burial grounds in the Repre- sentative i3ody. Mr. ASQUITH offered tointroduce words treating disused burial grounds as appurtenances of the Church. The amendment was pressed,and on a division it was rejected by 169 to 149.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

The House of Commons on Wednesday resumed the consideration of the Established Church (Wales) Bill. Amendments providing that all public chapels and chapels-of-ease, as well as cathedral churches, all school- houses belonging to cathedral churches, or used in con- nection therewith, together with any land occupied with such schoolhou es and all ecclesiastical residences,should be vested in the representative Church Body, were ac- cepted by the Government. A proposal to the effect that as the Government had left the churches in thehands of the representative Church Body, sufficient funds should also be left with that body to keep the churches in pro- per repair was rejected by 197 votes to 171. Sir John GORST moved to omit the sub-section of clause 6 which provided for the vesting of the burial grounds and glebes in local bodies. The amendment was rejected by 205 votes to 191. When progress was reported the Com- mittee were still on clause 6.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT AGAINST A BRANCH MANAGER.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Wednesday morning, before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), Alder- men Harrison and Wright, Frank Garrett was charged that he on the 22nd December, 1894, being in the service of John Barron, 55, Tibb-st., Manchester, did feloniously embezzle and steal £4 2s. and within six calender months thereof divers other sums to wit in January last £1 15. and on 13'h April £3. Mr. Percy Davies appeared for defendant and Mr. Browne prosecuted. Mr. Browne, in opening his side of the case said that Frank Garrett was the manager of the Warrington shop situate in Bridge-street and in the employ of Mr. John Harrop of Tibb.st. Manchester. Mr. darratt's duties were to manage the shop and sell goods either on the hire system or for cash, and collect monies and account for them weekly by sending slips containing all the monies received less expenses and to put in a Warrington bank the nett sum. On March 18th, Mr. Hemp thought fit to remove Mr. Garratt and put him in another branch of the business and in consequence a new manager came on the scene and discovered the discrepancies. They charged him on a warrant with having embezzled and stolen three separate sums and the ingenious way in which he bad gone about it deserved credit. In the first case the sum of £4 25., he arranged with Mr. Hawthernthwaite, who was about to purchase some furniture to pay him certain amounts until he got the furniture, Mr. Hawthornthwaite went on paying until be paid £4 2s.,without the goods being delivered. When goods were delivered amounting to over £22, Mr. Gar- rett said he would require the old book back and get a new one. Mr. Hawthorntliwaite refused, but Mr. Gar- rett said he would give him a paper because he had to send the book to Manchester. Therefore he made out an 1.0. U. dated Juno 16, 1894, but Mr. Browne was pre- pared to prove that this was given in March, 1895, and on the day he left Warrington. The words of the 1.0. U. were, "1 owe you £3 125., to be brought with book when settling.—F. GARRATT." Instead of accounting for the whole £4 2s. the defendant did nothina of the kind, but went and put 10s. in the new book ineDecem- ber, and they found that this had been accounted for, so that in the first case instead of £4 2e. it should be £3 12s. Mr. Browne's client instructed him to say that Garrett had no authority to du this and ought not to have done it. That sum had never this, accounted for. In the next case of £1 15a. he only accounted for 103. The third case of £3 was a very peculiar transaction in which he gave an extraordinary document. which said, " Received for money paid £3, /eh April 1895." Mr. Browne applied for a remand in order that Mr. Harrop might get up the case, and show if possible from different sources what the announte of these embezzle- ments were and he therefore proposed to ask for a remand until Friday. Mr. Davies said he was instructed te ask for a remand until Tuesday,and also to sav further that defendant had a perfect answer to each charge. What he had to complain of was, and he thought they would agree with him that it was a serious charge, but that man was arrested en Tuesday afternoon upon a warrant from information from a manager but of what position he did not know. If the man was innocent of the charges where had he any redress against a man who might have no position whatever, and he submitted that the proper course was that Mr. Harrop ought to have laid the information in order that if there was nothing wrong he could be come down upon for false imprisonnaent or malicious prosecution. A very strong hand had been taken in the matter. Mr. Garratt was promoted to Manchester and brought back without a single word, on a war- rant, and no inkling given to him at all, and then locked up. Therefore Mr. Davies submitted that if it was true Mr. Harrop should not blush in making his story and stand the racket if he had done wrong. What redress had they against Fawcett (the manager) " who might be a man of straw." On Mr. Browne's agreement the case was adjourned until Tuesday. Mr Davies applied for bail and said the defendant was at present living in Manchester but he promised to stay with Mrs. Williams, who lived in Bewsey-street, Warrington. Mr. Be iwne said he was instructed to oppose hail. Mr. Davies said it was very hard when his client had been four years in Warrington and promoted to Man- chester. -- Mr. Browne • We deny promotion. Mr. Davies: It is only a N.,- month's since Mr. Browne appeared for the defendant and styled him as one of the most respectable men in town. Alderman harrison said that so far as he could see it was the proper thing to grant bail. It was a first off- ence.

The magistrates ultimately granted bail in two sureties r £5O and himself in one of £lOO.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•••••••

===== 0002601_18950622_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
HOIIE NOTES.

EDITED BY " ISOBEL,"

of" Pearson'a Weekly.'

THE SWEETEST LITTLE LADY'S

Paper the world has ever seen.

IT CONTAINS TIIIRTY-TWO PAGES OP BEAUTIYULLY THAT= READING NATTER OF THE SORT THAT APPEALS 20

THE HEART OF EVERY WOMAN

WHO wiehes for:health in the tome,

Wl4) enjoys fireside talks, WHI likes to see the house beautiful. WHO wants te know the latest fashions from Paris,

WHO cares to joia mothers in council,

WHO bends over the kitchen fire,

WHO goes in for home dressmaking,

WHO loves feminine fancies,

WHO is willing to take household hinis,l

WllO values liealth and beauty,

WHO has homelpets. WHO dabbles In the home culture ot.tiowers,

WHO is fond a good stories, WHO would bear about the lives of lady novelists,

WHO would not

REFUSH PRETTY OUTS in the shape of prizes,

W1:10 is able to appreolate artistic daintiness.

FOS SUCH WOMBS AND GIRLS

was HONO3 NOTES produced, :and by] hundred* of thousands of such it is now read. Yet there are

MILLIONS OF PEOPLE

who have never heard of it, and it is for their en- liglatenment that this notice appears. liemember the title is

II 01,1 E NOTES.

The artistic design on the cover ts treqsantly changed, but

THE TITLE REMAINS THE .iSAMB

===== 0002601_18950622_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
AND IS pi BVSII ALIBI= 1

IMPORTANT FACT

we mustask you to bear in mind in view of the

recent advent of other journals that have CLOSELY IMITATED

II 031 E NOTES,

in both appearance and style,

HOME NOTES. IS A STORY BOOK. A FICTURB BOOK. A MOTHERS' AID. A MIND ELEVATOR. A FAMILY DOCTOR. A HOME BUIGHTB NEE. A RIGHT lIAND TO THB HOME COOK. A BOND BETWEEN HUSBAND AND WIFE. AN ORIGINATOR OF WOMEN' a REICH-KNACKS.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
IN FACT

there is nothing connected with the home whioh HONE NOTES

DOES NOT DEAL WITH,

and intending subscribers may rely upon the fact that the excellence of any particular number that they may purchase will bemaintalled in any suc- ceeding number. Patterns of costumes depicted in HOME NOTES are obtainable from the offices at a very low price. Offices : Henri Etta Etreet, London, W.C. Published every Thursday. Price One Penny.

THERE IS A PRESENT FOR YOU in every number or

ISOBEL'S

DRESSMAKING AT HOME in the shape of a free paper pattera. ISOBEL'S DRESSMAKING AT HOME is not a trade paper confined to the wants:of professional costumiers, but as the name implies, is intended to serve as a guide to those who

===== 0002601_18950622_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ENJOY MAKING THEIR DRESSES

at home •

Hach number contains some forty fashion sketehet, together with reading matter, and costs ad. a month, post free 20. Offices : Henrietta Street, London, W,C.

ON THE 15Ta OF JUNE

sv as published the first number of

ISOBEL'S

FASHIONS FOR CHILDREN;

which deals with our little ones' clothing in the same way as DRESSMAKING AT HOME treats with that of adults. The new paper

CLOSELY RESEMBLES ITS SISTER.

and costs lid. a month, post free 2id,

A paper pattern is given away with every number. the first being that of a little girl's frock. Offices : Henrietta-street. London, W.C.

The above-named publications are the property of Mr. C. ARTHUR PEARSON, and are issued from

his Offices,

HE4RIETTA ST., LONDON, Wee*

===== 0002601_18950622_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " Cftamintr " erftt

PRBPAID ADVBRTISBMBNTS. cemaing under the following heads are inserted in ALL th tab we-mentioned Papers for ON B CHARGB, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANED, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, -VPECIPIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANWAre WANTS, HORSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 O. 6d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 ............ Os 9d ... Is 10d ... 31 Od 36 li Od 24 Sd 4s Od 48 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Eliamtatt Otrbardo, Su.

- - aWANTBI), thorough tiltl`TH HAL, good Trierell'oc—APPLY .1 T WELLINGTON INN, Yotk-et., Mancheeter.

W ANTED, Plain COOK ; family two; for second of July, Ml3B POLLIT, Bank House, Sowerby Bridges,

'lorihlre.

PIANO, Upright Iran frame. full trichords walnut case good as new. £lB or close offer.—SatOoLnonen, Croft, W_arrington.

RIiVANT, Wanted respectable GIiNSBAL, age 20; good references; four in family.—Apply 64, BROADOREEN BOLD, 13roadgreen, Liverpool.

NVTD ANE GBNBRAL (good), 17 to 20; good character indi3pensable.-11ta. PROWS% Grocer, 156, IN itton- road. Aston, Birmingham. Cooks,

, A. 211611. Yarlour House Kitchen-maim. 200 Generals, Gir a 16 to IS.—Apply Miss SEABROOK, Guildford-street Registry, Leeds.

..CRD rest, A young PBRSON. from 1.3 to 20 as General ; two ladles.—Address, G., HOLLY 13.Lxx, Crofts Bank-road, Ml:Liston.

pectable

wANTHD GOOD GENERAL Servant one that can wash; State age and wages 7 equlred.—H. SHEPHERD. band 1 Bradford-st.. Anc ats, Manchester.

WTANTED, good GBNEHAL SIIKVANT, not under 18, able to wash.—Apply with references, 37A, MER- SPURT OFFICE, St. Helens.

Ilanivurit.re,i,,smart,at.,act,vel3armaids and Waitresses, 1 all exnerieneed,send stamped envelope.—Apply GRAND REqI3TRY. 136, Corporation-st., Birmingham.

COOK. good, plain. WANTED, where two servant are kept wages £lB ; must be able to bake place a light one. Apply Miss Fox, Little Brookfield, Lymm.

V OUNG LADY WANTED, as Mother's Help, one child, plain sewing. comfortable situation, good wages.--Mrs. PIPE. 50 Edgeware-road, Hyde Park, London.

jcvaßliAL SSEVAST (good) Wanted. who can cook and tviain Welly% housemaid kept ; very good wages tos good sergeilltt7talrs,t/loslssoti, Parville, Alsager. MISS El urrgoirs REGISTRY, Irlam-st.. opposite Police Station, Warvington.—Ladies promptly suited with reliable Servants of every description ; charges moderate. WA.STBD," Coachr-

- Grooms, nmen. and Teamers, to possess . my secret instruct one, bow to make 12 of my valuable *table requisites. Price 23. P.O.—Lewis EcnoLes, 13i.ks, Morley. Yozitibire.

VTI ANTND & respectable experienced LAUNDRESS, age 30 to 40. Salary £2B to £3O, and all found.—APplV with references SUPERINTENDENT, Girls Industrial school, Northumberland Terrace, Liverpool.

AVANTtri,b‘v experienced Young Woman, SITUATION as, Cl.:01C, can. take dairy, sweats, and no objection to public hestltution, wages- £O.—App,y or address, Mrs. STOPFORD'S SZLECV IiEGISTWIr, Oxford Road. Altrinchans,

iv) ALB and FRMALI3 NITItSES at..TITUTION, 70. Hope- -n_ street, Li verpool.—listabl shed 1878.—For reliable A. tendante Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, or telegr ph.—' Nstrees," 1 iverpool. elephone 570.

apply

II . eklantril.

WANTIM, for St. Catherine's Gir a School, lidgehill, an Rx-PT. as ASSIST NT.—Ap ly with copies of testi- inonisls and stating salary required, to MISTRESS.

GOOD UM N'S AT xtrAnt, by the Harrison Knitting Machines,-48, UPPER BROOIC-STREta, Manchester.

AORNTS WANTED to push first-clais Machinery Oils. Liberal Commissiod:-13ox 31. Post °Mee, Liverpool.

WVANTHD,ScHerers frona_Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 entrope for certain Cure. J. ASHwoRTH, Euxton, Vhbrley. ,

A" ti T 4, WitATED for Jewellery, Cutlery, ac.—Addrees C.ll. Piamtlt, 'rindat-st., Haleall Heath, Birming- ham.

IVMt MB OALS WANT Flit, dated 1843 or, e,‘ rlier, sovereign each given, more for rarer varieties.-.—Maroa TOMBS, Droitvrich.

GlilsatitAL. with goo.l character, about 25. kind norne. comfortable situation, light place, good wages.-18, WARDLE.TtOI.D, Ea e.

OUNG LADY wanted to attend one little boy of 8 years plain sewing, comfortable Pituation, good wages.—Mre. PIPE, 50, Kigw,re-rod. liv.le Park, London.

110BACCONISTS and Lhmie commencing should call or send to: our Price List. Competition deIied.—GOLDBERG'B, Faradise-et. Liverpool Rst-'" 1850.

rablished

PBItiONS wishing to inc.ease their innome d who cal on bousebolders, can bear of a good commission.— Address ExAmlnee'OftlEn, Warrington.

, OBACO4 )IVISTS commencing. Gnid (2.59 pages) 3cl.—Toillecomerts' Co.; 486, Iliuston-rosrk. London Shoo-fitters fir It tradps.—,Managef, lix.alyen.s, Rat. 1868;

io A LI. tpr MRS Als34WEnitl3:—.Any per. on who has used 'aisith'actventage the medicine Bold under the name of Dip!iVilllaros'- Pink Pills for Pale Peo lets earnestly requested to Minimunientelwith Q Z.. E am ner Office. Warrington.

WANTHD, Agents and others having spare time, to take Orders for Musical Instrumerns, Watches, Cl.xks, Sewing ...lachines, Manes, Eassinettes and other Goods ; Cash or easy payments.—l'. tawittaam,Mardol. i-hrewsbury.

AGHNT.—Bnergetio Men can Rani R. 2 per week selling our ''aten ablets. Required by every shopkeeper in United Kingdom—can be workett In spare time—particulars fraes.—J, BRAND AND CO., Steam Printers, Clothfair, London,

WWANTED, Men, Youths, and l'oys to Buy every dererip- TT tton or Oloth.og. ready-me or m.ie to measure. Basy payments at cash prices. Payments to suit customers' own oonvenience.—Apply persoaally any evening, 6 to 9. or by letter, whte,i wilt rective prompt. attention.—D. BLeca. 18, Erskine str•et Lirgrp,(4. ,

rAN BI.—RUNNItUIt tt and every class of goods pur- V aimed for immediate cafth, outside value given or If preferred. libe al advances on storage from one exiling per ,week. No charge for inspection or remo.al. Instant atten- HitVilltf PlltCh&Stli Tunny thooi.a...ds of houses of Furniture during past forty years amply testifies highest prie. and every satisfaction Is given —GEORG,: TURNER and does (ebtablisbed 1410), 44, ChurcLostreet, Liverpool. 'Telephone 1,897.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Let.

pIENKETIL COTTAGES, 2s, Bd. per week. WINWICK ROAD, Oliver-street, Good LODGING lOUSI4.reIUCdtOGe. IJI.H ‘TREBT. centre of town.

'NION

, zMALL WORKS in

4 AppV, RO2ICR2‘ Lowt. li.tAte Agent, Market Gate Chambers ware/noon, TAephone—No. 65.

glo •Ltrt-00.octSTORK3110P„,Orford-ot.—Apply Asirro and Woote, Solicitors, liorsernarket-at., IV arrirorton. Llinc—No Tj'aimyre Square Sent P,^ chiorkasOi, Br:dr-et.. W.,rrington.

- pply

rro Lat.—Good ni)liati. 37 Hopwood-street. 3 berloooms 1 Apply ASHTON and Wo.,ns, eo4CitOf , Horse market-.t. WarrlniPti. - ,TilirDlT.—No. 145, Church-street Dent £l5. For para.- ' edam apply to Mr. nitaw GREEN, Accountant, 18, liing.at., Warrington.

1110 LET.- Cpl suite of OFFIcZ.N. Central. Rent modersre.—Auply 'THOMAS COWDELL. licotiand-road .011.rabens, Warrillikten• -

v‘ir ILDERRI'OOL ROAD, WARRIN ;TON. CAPITAL Houzß TORS LET. Rent £25 per annum With the usual offices, and for card to view apply THOMAS COWDELL, Estate Agent, Warrington.

ST. ANNRS-ON-THE-SWA.—To Sell or Let, HOUSES situate in and numbered 18 and 20, St Alban's-road ; immedinte possession —Appy J. 0. WALBSI, solicitor. Orchard-road. t-t Annes on the-Sex. HOU INS. BAUM .oUit and STAVES/ED TERRACE, oomposed of fonr bedromn s, tw • sit lug.rotns,kltchen cellar. and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also Sur nyadte Stockton Heath, every a nvenience. including bathroom I etc. ;piettliant toped ;rent £l9 10s.- Apoy BosTonx•Wilders• pool. Wa,rinaton. YAM• -Aahnel t. Semi-detached House to let, onntifning dining and drawing-rooms. seven beAroorns, bath- room, c.. kn. with gardeus ; rent £55; ten minutes' walk from station•--Apply to WATSON AND JLBTIcg. Oxford Ohambers, Oatord-street, Mail( hester. CAPITAL FAMILY NES 'MINCE, No 11, Museum-st.. Warrington ; containing two entertaining roionsisitting room. kitchen. scullniy, AC.o v.l h the usual offic a, recently beant,ded, smitary arrmsements pertect rent £3O per annum. For card to view appor TitM COWDELL, Estate Agent, Scotland road Chambers. Warriogl on.

___------ ___.---=--_ BLAIR'S GuUT AND IttitilllMATie PILLS --- BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. 4 RHRUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, end PLAIrS GOUT PILLS. SCIATICA. The acute pain .131 1../LAIR'S GOUT PILLS. quickly rebevei by these rills. 1 l Sum Ade, and ,lIILAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Flf..etual. 0 recta Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. P., Doz.

llottls, ilptirofs, 33oarbing (NtabO.

Zpartnunts,jurnisbeb llottses,&t.

_LLANDUDNO.— Mrs. :Comixrr, The Towers, Trinity Square, excellent accommodation for visitors.

COLWYN and NORTN VVALBS COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

APARTMENTb, or part of Farmhouse in Vale of Conway. Stabling.—W. WILLIAMS, Glyn Ueba, Roe Wen, Conway.

BLACKPOOL.—Apartments, pleasantly situated; moder- ate charges : near station and sea. Mn. BAYLY, 16, Coalier street.

rro BB LET at once a furnished HOUSE, 4be iroorns, pleasantly situated.—Apply E. and A. RATHBONE. Kelsall, Cheshire.

XfORRCAMBE. —Superior APARTMENTS, facing the 1.71. sea, exe,-Ilent cooking.—Mrs. WILSON, 9, Erving- terrace, West End.

'OLWYN SAT.—Comfortable APARTMSNTS ; home V comforts ; terms moJerate.—Mas. MILLS, Olasg ig cone, Grove Park.

.EACKPOOL.—PubIic and private APART:KEN rs ; very t) comfortable, central. and mo lerate.—Mas. ALNO:YD, Heath House, 43, Talbot-road.

A PARTMENTS.—SIifing and two or three bedrooms.— .ti. Apply Mrs. THOMAS, 8, Nant Terrace, hlenal Bridge, Anglesea, North Wales.

BERSOCH. PWLLHELI, APARTMBNTS close to river _Ci and sea, fishing, boating. 3 sitt ng, 9 beds.—Apply A. EOBEETS, Aber House.

A NGLESBA.— Two sitting. four bedrooms close to sea 11 good coo log, bra ing air, terms moderate.—Jootra, Froudeg. Llaufaethin Valley.

11\TORTH WALES.—Furnished House to let for Bummer 11 months. Close to shore. Good tatting place .—LLiveN VILA. Clynnog, Carnarvon.

SU PER 10 R APAIITSIENTS to BR Llll for the summer season. Terms mcderate. —Address HUGHES, Llanereh Cottage, Amlweh, Anglesey.

CIOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable APAR MHNTS ; sunny V aspect; good coking and attendance; moderate.— MIME'S MEADE, Llewellyn-road.

LLANDUDNO.—Cortefort,ble and homely apartments two minutes from pier and promenade.—Mrs. 14E1611- TuN, 6, thurch Walks. Stamp.

00UNTRY LODGINGS. quarter of a mile from Glenmaye Waterfall.—Address, EDWARD BAILEY, Gordon House Peel, Isle of Man, Terms Moderate.

4.IBAIDE.—CRICCIBTH, N. WALlK—Furnished house AJ to let, containing two erltertaining and six bedroome.— Aply Sea View, Criccleth.

QUPEIIIO/t APARTBIHNTS ; Private or general sitting kJ room with small family ; no ehlidren.—Mrs ARICELL, 30 Princes-street, Ethyl.

IlTARliOGATE.—Furnished House or Ap.rtments, lovely situation, near baths, wells, stray.—Address Mrs. H AWKES, 3. Oak Terrace, Harrogate,

mOßECAMßl3.—Comfortable APARTNIIINTS. public or private, pleasantly situated, close to tea, terms reason- able—MßS. NEW rON, 37 Alexandra-road, West End.

425,1 ALL Furnished CO ITAGIt ; sitting-room, two single and kJ one double bedded rooms ; five minu,ea'walk from beavh and atation.—J. B. ROBEKTS, Beach-road, Old Colwyn.

DENSARN, Aoergele,--Furnisoed HOUSS to be LliT, or inAuar,mtuta, with or withrnit boarl,aplend,d aea and country view.—Mrs. CHAMBERS, 1 and 2, South Parade.

DLACKPOOL —Mrs. BRIGHT BRIGGS and Miss I/ HARWOOD (from Darwen), 49, Yorkshire-street, near the Central Pier. Public and Private Apartments. Piano.

r 110 Bh LbT, FURNISHED HOUSE, live bedrco7ris, two 1. large entertminlng roomr, kdlendid Ec nery close to golf links and fishing.—Particulars arply HAMER, Atorfa, Conway. N.W.

DOUGLAS.—Delluners House,Nol.Bmpress Drive. Public and private Apartments. with or without boird. Ail belrooms facing sea. Trams pass from landing ouott, Proprietor.

UUENISHED HOUSE to LET July and Auguit. two sat- -12 rooms and seven bedrooms, rent moaerate.—At Miss THSELICELD, The orange, Borrowoale, near Keswick, Cumberland.

ilLACKPOOL.—Visiters will find comtortable APA NT- MUNTS, with or without boArd at Mrs. Lowzn's, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

ROILS'S

STOV

'NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS, NO OIL. Burning the New Smokeless Fuel See the latest b .fore you purchase. IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s Thousands selling. Supplied on spotoval. SHOWnOO3IS. _ .

i 41, DRANSGATB (oppeAt-. tram &flee) PATENTS. I DAMIAN ENGIN ig KRUNG WORKS, I Greet Bridgrowater-etreot, Oxford-stree

I3RASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &C.—CHARLES H. HALL. 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

c.l.lleOA DS EARTHENWARE, Large quantity to dispose of kJ cheap. A. H. SAMBROOK, Chuich-street, Hanley. etafte,

iIIDER.—Good Harvest CIDER and PERRY. 4d. to sd. gallon. On rail liagton Court. Buyers CM ks.—FROGGATT, Dryhampton. Ten bury.

ON SALH, MANU kb; WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill. Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwic -st.eet. Liverpool.

FIiODSLIA M.—Freehold Detachel Houle ON SAL% three sitting. five be.irooms, large garden* ; rent £35, no chief ; p. tee 2500 —BiaLow, Church-lane. bale.

I4AIiGAINS IN IRISH AIDSCOICH TWEEDS,SBEGI&S AND COSTUME CLOTHS. Write for patterns stating y ur requirements to G. L. WATSON. Grosmont. Yorkshire.

UttICHN OLD kioUllNS.—Three t,t be bold, separately or 1. together, cont-ining two enterteinlng rooms, conserva- tory, kitchen, pantty with hot and cold w ter outsid- wash- house, hot and cold water, coal house, four bedrooms, bath room, hot and cold water, and w.c. ; garden back and front. —Apply J. PEMBERTON, Fairfield-road. mockton Heath.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Vouttrp,_srt._

URE EGGS for hatching. Prize strains, Plymouth Hocks, Silver Wyandotte. Orpingtons, and Minorca', 2. 6d. per dozen. —J. O. POWNALL, Great Sankey.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY JUNE 22, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
W.tbe--otork, scr.

OltE tiOULDERg, SORE BACKS, Ste., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID.

Veterinary tiook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cute, bruises, troken knees, crack, d heels. grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). Ir makes the hair grow where rubte off. Prices, oz. Is. •20 Os . 2s. of ell Chemists. VETER.INARY BOOK free containing fill directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, /sc. from Comwea nu ID W 01118.61. Turnmill-street,London,H .C.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS' STOCKINGS, Shirts, and Sweaters. Send for list —MuTimms, Rusholrne-road, Manchester.

ON SAL% Safety bicycle, solid tyres, good condition, price 30s. Also mailoart built for two, new last sum- mer. prioe 12s. 6d. Thomas DIXON, Penketh, Warrington .

MARRO WFAT PEAS RICE MEAL AND ' INDIAN MEAL. ais OAT 1117- KS. OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UN DECORTICATED COTTON CAKE. SAMPLES AND PRICES FROM RICHARD ATKINSON 100.. 11, DRURY-LANE, LIVERPOOL

W H. WORSLMY, sole proprietor. The Pantheon; V V • Gaythorn, Manchester, close to Central Station. Established 18L. All City-rowi cars pass the door. id. In or out. Inspection invited.

_

===== 0002601_18950622_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
;ffirtrinnrrn, sr., on 'ale.

13ANKRUPT STOCK, Thrashing Machine and Elevator, by Clayton. Two Traction-engines. What offers.—Jonx Slow. Bingham, Notts.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
D AT, SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL AND CRLDRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT.

For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. Po - all bores. Wounds, and ewollen Udders. For Sore throats t•tralns, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 64 .3s. 64., and Ts. per Dottie. TH E RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound. lie Water, and Yelibws, For Chills, F,vers, and Lou of Cud. For Preventing Mlk ?ever and Quarter 11l (Piled 3s. 6d. per dozen ,Bwes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Pro-tratecl Cows and Bwes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or iharrhces„ and Colic, er Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price ls. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per dozen.

_ 'ii HE GASEODYNE,

Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. Nor Severe Diarrhoea mad Influenst. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s, 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Rey to Farriery," complete £.3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- rDge Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and " lambing and Calving Disordeis," gratis and post free.

ROYAL ANIMAL MBDICINR MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

'0 BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY.

A DWELLING-HOUSE, 169, Liverpool-road. wl h /he Workshop (now used as a wach house) attbet in the occupation ot the owner, Mr. John Gilman. _ors The property is leaseh ld for the residue of 9Y+ J su'oject to a yearly ground rent of £1 185. 3d.

'artingt°ll'

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, KNITTED tIOSIERI DIRECT Ft'OM OUR OW N MILLS. FLEMING, 1,151D,-Ann CO., SPINNERS Ann MI4.NUFACTURIIRS' THE WORSTED MILS, GRERNOOB; Have Opened a ]Branch of tbe R T SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY S"I8. AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

AND

For the Sqle of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSllig_l as SHAWSWATBR DRESS FABRICS. Theo° acngiod well known and largely used in every Town and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SI7PPLIBD u.h " Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and Eng"—

Tilt; EX Ail N Eft • olio

SATURDAy, JUNE 22, 1895

The Town THERE was no lack of - Council. speaking at the last o3oeu log of the Warrington Tow Council on the subject of the recent Are' but ur fortunately the information giver' as to the cause of the bluuderingc if blundering there was, was not as complete a% lucid as it might have been. The Fire C P'gixi l t Committee missed its opportunity and to : a gr: extent allowed judgment to go by default. ft ..a naturally expected that the Comittee, throeg- mits Chairman, would come forward either with : NO' vindication of the Fire Brigade •asitis at P • taia organised or if they considered that i defects had been disclosed in its oro•anisation,°'" t some suggestions for its imp;ove A raent. )5%. derman HUTCHINSON contented himself wiknoth g few details as to how many minutes it ~. o bring out the reel, and how reanY al-: t it took to get the engine upon the Seeree-l) and into active operations. He did, °f mention that the water supply fell short' a /1)1: s to whether this was due to an dearth of water or simply to the fact "-lid the water in the mains was not fully h liti,lll,o e had nothing to sly. As one member 01 - • Council complained, Alderman d Untillee:tilol4 I:ocif devoted more oratory at a previous the Council to show that pigs should not he he at the Old Militia Barracks, than he vitally important subject raised by the Nee; fire. On the other hand, Alderman f.altiff,rvis; the chairman of the Water Committee, wber ably backed up by Councillor BEABLAN/ a jale - of the committee was well furnished mation as to the water yielding capacities of iv/ th inf%te , mains that could have been tapped to saPPll.up- fire engine, and the figures with which plied the Council were simply conclusive %Frio this point. As the accuracy of these figar,e9,.. the not disputed there could be no question available water supply was qu;ta sufficient the engine going at full pressure from the et) 0 mencement of the fire. There is another matter tiro. which the Fire Engi..e Committee should htais, ' tthe been much less reticent than it wae, and th_sa ter the midnight test trial which was made soon 1;0. the fire at Messrs. SKELTON'S. To what conclus4c3l • ' did that test lead the committee as to the e 700; ency or non-efficiency of the brigade, and the water supply? Scarcely a word vtas 5,..a • about it till towards the close of the debate W:1 et'il, Alderman HUTCHINSON made, almost accieleo it might be said, the surprising statement ' • even at midnight, when most other demands uPo°ol the water supply have ceased, the engine WaS ~st kept going with water, That was really the 030). , significant and disquieting disclosure of the Wilfide, debate,as it is clear that the town is just as iljn are quately safeguarded against fire if the firetae-.. ili, not able to find or to utilise the water that I-the, the mains as if there was not water to keeP ibe fire engines going. Under the circumstances tTh ~an , Town Council could hardly do otherwise to adopt the proposal of Councillor Sasr.res• ,e rof point a comittee to inquire into the worklogro. the fire brigade, and, as a matter of fact, the P ' posal was adonted unanimously. g misiooes There was at least one other piece 0L in the transaction of which the Council ass' 7 was and that of certainly did not appear at its best, uto with reference to its dealings with the mio _ m 70.. reou the Rivers Committee. This Comittee land I mended for the second time that a Piece of, co, near Wharf-st. be let to Messrs. 131500 r as"of it for the construction of a wharf. On the ftle .._, this seemed an excellent proposal for facilitfattlhi: 14 the trade of the town, but the maPriti ° tipg , Council thought otherwise. At the

===== 0002601_18950622_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ATT.

year,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
$1" lithe& Olt

Fiew roo• 0Y

olsst' I%o' tiott er pyi9ll

001 :44; es. li kW' ,Ser

/--.

Delga 0 a

the h *le

pleo 300. 'OO2 fire, civey , arid 20Ile rrea

.taln with th

) po-

ilt May exception was taken to some of the terms e! the proposed grt, .eement between the Corpora- and Messrs. Blsnor and Co., and the matter .sias sent back to the Committee apparently with the sole object of having the terms altered. These suggested alterations were made by the Commit- tee, but in spite of this the majority of the Oouncil again set its face resolutely against the estt6lishment of another avenue of traffic a small one—in Warrington. When We Bay that this decision was come to without either rhyme or reason we are doing no injustice ts.the arguments of those who opposed the Cora- -114 We. Councillor HEPIIERD moved the amend- neat Which secured the rejection of the agree- and his chief reason for moving it was what?—that he was not in favour of any opposi- Ito% to the Ship Canal ? This one little wharf Wks to mar the success of the Ship Canal I We wit fuet deal further with:these arguments than to in- cr Councillor HEPHEED that the Ship Canal PanY is not afraid of this little wharf. If he 7.:1 read the letter from M3ssrs. Bisnor and Co. oils Another column he will find that the Ship :111. al Company are actually in favour of the 44"arf, and'hi; also find that. Messrs. BISHOP k_d Co. are evidently being very unfairly treated, *, the Corporation.

THE chief international event of `-'anal. this week is the opening of the

e Kiel Canal, a canal which can now numerated amongst the great artificial water- :ls of the world. This canal will give vessels of t ell the largest tonnage much improved facilities R.ur Pa largest between the North Sea and the Baltic itti-l• It is said, for instance, that every vessel )4411'h leaves a British port south of Leith will po..et by the shorter and safer route which has -kueen opened out. From London the voyage 1.4 "6 shortened by 238 miles and from Hull by flt:iles, the advantages becoming less the k,:er North we ko. Toe Kiel Canal, like the ou'uellester Ship Canal, owes its inception to the seet,P" ef private individuals though its core- -187.-m°l' iF3 due to public money. So far back as Mr• DAHLSTROM, a shipowner of Hamburg, hute,,a,"nred to form a company to make the Canal, ▪ "le German Government, seeing the great tt e e utility of the scheme undertook to carry it th.-hd a commencement was made with its con- lite:ctiea in 1887. On June 6th of that year the ii"utti dation stone of one of the locks at the tie end was laid by the Emperor WILLIAM 1.; he 20th of this year the last stone of the 11-137 at the other end of the Canal has been e 4 in its position by the EmrEiton WILLIAM The length of the Canal is about sixty-four les, its width at the surface is 197 feet, at the 4ott„, feet, and its mean depth 28 feet. This 44741 bottom width is not sufficient to permit othw° Of the very • largest vessels passing each e• r, but to provide for this energency no fewer 15x " sidings" have been made, and at each to..'ee sidings the surface breadth of water ex- C4'lB to 328 feet and the bottom breadth to 197 l'rein a pecuniary point of view the construe- oto-c'nef the Canal has been an economical affair eill:Pared with the sums lavished upon the Man- • BhiP Canal. The whole cost of the Kiel has it is believed beam well under eight Ottui 3of pounds, while that of the Manchester Was about fifteen millions. The successful (1-0.• ,11,:t4g of this newest of inter-seas canals will no 7st",t give an impetus to similar projects, sever al the pujoh are, so to speak, " in the air." Of h anama Canal very little that is hopeful can be said, but the scheme for constructing a 4,:P Canal across Nicaragua to connect the di; antic and Pacific Ocean seems to be on a ereut buis. It will be a huge undertaking but thet;° is, it is said, a strong feeling in its favour in -United States, and when "Brother aZathati " has set his mind up m accomplishing tlicllling he is not easily appalled by its magni_ e• If this Nicaraguan C mai be carried out as killtead.Bvised it will be one hundred and seventy 1° length, of which, howdver, only twenty- p Inile9 'll need excavating as the remaining ortio • will b Of the length will consist of lakes, rivers %tin Mine. At present, however, thi. scheme is t1:11 the Inquiry stages as a committee appointed ,144" President of the United States is busy in kdeYing the proposed route. But the American ko the Germans do not even at the present time 4°l)oliss all the enthusiasm for Ship 14,11:18. It is true enough that in this q We do not Fear much just now Progress of the scheme to connect °ld with the sea at Goole 7or of the canalisa- ns thef the Avon from Bristoi to the Channel, yet tt▪ .': Continent there are two or three schemes 41 etY ext freely character more or less trealtBsed• The French of late years have been liopo, °anal rnakers,and in spite of the Panama dis-1 Natitintelents they seem disposed to keep up their ,4ticlri,last year plans were exhibited at Paris tslr4-°nneeting the Bty of Biscay with the Medi- Poilltileall and a commission of inquiry was ap- fer:4* Rut the champion scheme of all is that %th1:111Bet1ng Riga on the Baltic with Cherson WAy, e ,14ckt Sea by means of a navigable water- Nies 'nege two places are about a thousand th,i4Part, but as advantage would be taken ti ,L4tre tins of two or three largo rivers 'hkt re 4. of excavating would n)tbe so great as 41,4th+ dredging. It is quite clear from all this hn days of canal-making are by no means Ine4salltd Should the Keil Canal turn out to be as 14.1ky 133.41 commercially as it is expected to be, it I)3e LsafelY predicted that not many years will Iltits:°f(3re some of the other projects we have -tated will be placed on the roll of " accoria- s Nets."

v AN incident which has lately 'l° Eli. happened in connection with the oitttio North Somerset Liberal Asso- *itly le tend to clear the political atmosphere 15Clit'n.,-eattl to the Local Veto Bill. Ssudents of kt"l will not need to be told that a "dead • Of verY persistent character has been made the Veto Bill and that the movement has ,;4se:l4 confined to Tories. Two or three London L,lt'vtll;?4PerB have not merely given the Bill a '1„ c(),,-AseWarm reception but have gone so far as introduction as a mistake in tactics. ,5.ci17a,764 said that the Liberal pirty is far from ‘ict' ‘44itel in its siipport and that for the Itill.:ll,Clent to appeal to the country with this cter,,,,,Lhe forefront of its prwzramme means an I.*k,rli)oeicling defeat. Naturally these ominous L• r have had some influence upon even izilc• , %ben, and especially up in those who beeo closely inch) ti fied with the temper- the party. Mr. SID wEY WARNER, • • .'er N irth Somerset, appears to be one "444 ,-;'llnetnbers. He has, or had, an " open littono With respect to the Veto Bill. Not feeling bI I..either one way or the other, but being mth tc{act in this matter strictly in accordance "I'afings of those who returned him to

Parliament, arrangements were made for calling together the General Council of the Liberal party in the constituency. The question to be put to this Council was, broadly,whether Mr. WARNER should support the Government on the Local Veto Bill or should oppose them. The Council is largely composed of working men—of artisans, miners and labourers—and as the liquor party in the constituency attached the utmost importance to this unofficial referendum the most desperate efforts were made to " nobble " the delegates. They were inundated with literature to show the enormities of the Local Veto Bill. But what was the result? When the meeting was held Mr. WARNER unfolded his doubts and difficulties; and asked for advice as to whether it was expe- dient to offend the brewers and publicans who had promised to remain neutral if he voted against the Bill. The answer he received was plain and emphatic. There might be doubts in London as to the value of the Local Veto Bill, but there was none in North Somerset. The Bill, said these representatives of the sturdy Liberalism of the constituency, involves a great Libe ral principle, and therefore it should be supported by a Liberal member. The re- solution that was passed with enthusiasm by a large meeting, there being only three dissen- tients,requested Mr. WARNER to support the Local Veto Bill as loyally as he had supported other measures of the Government, the meeting declar- ing that the Bill "is calculated to benefit the people, on whom it will confer rights now possessed by a few privileged persons." This vote of a typical Liberal Council is bound to tell strongly in favour of the Veto Bill. It will at all events clearly show that whatever may be said by London journals temperance reform is an essential part of the creed of provincial Liberals.

The Insurance of Children Bill which has aroused so much opposition from the insurance agents all over the country has been withdrawn by Sir Richard Webster, and insurance agents may now rest content that their agitation has been success- ful. Sir Richard Webster intends to bring in the Bill next session with certain modifications to con- ciliate the opposition. There is no doubt that the Bill has been framed with the best intentions but it is said to contain provisions which would weigh heavily against poor people. There is some force n the argument that people with small income s can not always afford to bury their children re- spectably if it were not for the club money, and this Bill would have deprived them of the right to insure until the child was twelve months old.

Frequenters of the Warrington County Court will be sorry to hear that Major Nicholson will no longer fill the position of registrar of that court, as he has decided to retire, and go to reside at Bath. He has held the post for 17 years, having succeeded his father, and it would be difficult to find a fairer and more painstaking official than he has been. Mr. Nicholson is a local magistrate, but he has not often taken his seat on the Bench,but on the few oc- casions that he has been there,he has shown that he can be 08 painstaking there as at the County Court. Suitable reference was made at the County Court last week to the retirement of Major Nicholson, and he clearly carries away with h in the good wishes of numerous friends. It is satisfactory to note that he will be succeeded as sole registrar bi Mr. J. C. Ridgway, who has already had great ex- perience in the work of that office.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Rls'

nd

are md

orior•

===== 0002601_18950622_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OFFENDING JURYMAN AT WESTON.

POLICE COURT PROCEEDINGS.

At Runcorn Police Court, on Monday morning, before Mr. James Handley (chairman), and Mr. J. A. Norman, William Owen, landlord of the Prospect Inn, Weston, was summoned for having on the 11th June been drunk on his licensed premises. Defendant did not appear but was represented by Mr. A. Linaker, solicitor, Runcorn ; and Mr. Browne, solicitor, Warrington, al:meared on be- half of the owners of the house, Messrs. Greensll, Whit- ley and Company, Limited. P.C. Morris, stationed at Weston, stated that at about 10.45 on the 11th inst. he was in attendance at an in- quest at the Prospect Inn. He had previously warned the landlord of the inn to attend and serve as a jury- man, but owing to him being drunk at the inquest wit- ness had to substitute another man in his place. On be- ing turned out of the room, the defendant remained at the door and commenced to annoy those present. Wit- ness removed him but he again returned to the court room door and commenced shouting and knocked at the door. Witness again went to 1,111, ..rol told him that he should report him for being drunk on his own premises to which he replied, " I don't care what you do." The Chairman : You summoned him to attend the inquest the day before ?—Yes. By Supt. Atherton: He was discharged by the Coroner ?—Yes,—ln answer to questions put by Mr. Linaker witness stated that he believed the defen- dant had been ill for two menths. He looked after the 'corpse which was taken from the quarry and it was in a bad state of decomposition. 1 Mr. Linaker for the defence, stated that he wished to direct the attention of the magistrates to the fact that the defendant had been laid up for fully two months with fever. The corpse was taken from the quarry to the defendant's house and he assisted to put the body in the coffin and then had to take it out again 'for the pur- pose of a post-rnortem examination. It was then in a state of decomposition. On the day of the inquest the defendant bad had no food for something like two days and his wife gave him some brandy. This seemed to have got over his nervous system. He was sorry, and he (Mr. Linaker) begged to apologise for the defendant's conduct at the inquest. He thought he might in a case like that, where they had a man of kood character which the Sup- erintendent admitted and he believed also where the owners of the quarry had been less troubled with drunk- enness since the defendant took the house, ask the magistrates to dismiss the case upon payment of costs. —Mr. A. Browne stated that he represented the owners of the house and if the magistrates would permit him to address them he should be extremely obliged. The magistrates after consultation with the Clerk, said they could not hear Mr. Browne in that case. Taking all circumstances into consideration the Chairman said they were inclined to take a lenient view of the case, but at the same time they must hold defendant responsible for his conduct. The defendant had been ill and ought to have known the consequence of taking drink. Under the circumstances he would be fined ss. and costs and they hoped that it would be a warning to him.

CONNAH & BELLIAN. LIVERPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. CYCLE FACTORS. SOLE AGENTS FOR RALEIGH. SWIFT. NSW HOW% RAGLAN, SANSPARIBL. /cc.. &c. All kiuds of Sundries kept in Stock.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JUNE 22 1895

THIC RECENT DISTRESS AT RUNCORN.

A meeting of the Unemployed Committee was held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday evening, under the presidency of Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C. There were also present Messrs. S. Pope, H. J. Grine, J. K. Digges, S. Yarwood and Leadstone. The balance sheet of the distress fund was submitted. It showed that the fund commenced with a sum of £l9 119. 81. in hand. The donations received amouLted to £1,277 64. 2d., and £1 129. 10d. was added for bank interest. It is worthy to note that Sir John T. Brunner's contribution to the fund amounted to £540. The expenditure was as fol- lows : For groceries, &c., £1.082 64. 61; printing, £lO 169. ; sundries, £l7 44. sd. ; and per.. Mr. Sill for We4ton £3O, leaving a balance in the hands of the bankers of £l5B 34. 3d. The balance sheet was adopted on the motion of Mr. Yarwood, seconded by Mr. Pope. A vote of thanks was passed by the Committee express- ing its obligation to the donors and subscribers. Mr. Taylor was thanked for his services as chairman, and the proceedings terminated._

l&lI,__

===== 0002601_18950622_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

VAGRANCY AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Police Court on Tuesiay morning, James McEvoy was charged with vagrancy on the previous day. P.C. Gregory proved the case and the prisoner was committed to gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Tax ALKALI AcT.

The President of the Local Government Board, in pur- suance of the powers given by the Alkali Works Regula- tion Act, 1881, has appointed Mr. R. F. Carpenter, of Bent Terrace, Prestwich, inspector under the Act, to be the chief inspector. FORTHCOMING TEMPERANCR DEMONSTIUTION. As will be noticed from an advertisement in another column a united temperance demonstration in support of Local Option will be held in the Pziblic Hall,Runcorn, on Tuesday evening next. Several well-known temper- ance speakers will address the meeting including th Rev. Canon Hicks, M.A., of Manchester ; Rev. J. C. Watk in, of Liverpool ; and Mr. Thomas Hardy of Stoke-on- Trent.

SHIPPING AT RuNconie. .0? Work is still brisk at the Runcorn docks although the arrivals of vessels have been the case for a short time. With regard to the large sailing vessel " Sutherland- shire "which is lying at the lay-by, the work of unload- ing is still being proceeded with, and another week will elapse before the cargo has been discharged. The vessel will then proceed to the pontoon dock at Ellesmere Port for repairs. When these are completed the vessel will return to Runcorn lay-by and will receive a cargo of 2,000 tons of salt for Calcutta. ST. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. At a well-attended meeting of this class on Sunday afternoon, Mr. G. Bellamy gave an excellent exposition of the lesson. The chair was occupied by Mr. B. Knive- ton. The musical portion of the service included a solo by Mr. John Leathwood, entitled" Throw out the life- line," and Messrs. El ward Worrall and John Leathwood sang as a duet," David and Goliath." The accompanist was Mr. William Cooke, and he contributed an organ solo.

PARLIAMENTARY AND GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.-

Tits NEW HALL.

Mr. Imison presided at the meeting of the Parliamen- tary and General Purposes Committee on Monday evening. The trust deed of the new guild hall at Runcorn was submitted and approved of, with one alteration, that the hall should be named, " The Brunner Guild Hall." The committee nominated Sir J. I'. Brunner, Mr. Imison and Mr. Kirkham as the Council's repro- at ntatives on the committee for the ball. Mr. Posnett's motion for the appointment of overseers by the Council was brought forward, and it was decided by the Com- mittee to ask the Local Government Board for power to appoint overseers and assistant o verieer, and also to ask for pcwer to adopt some of the clauses of the Parish Council Act which were not at present possessed by the Council.

DEPARTURE OY A RUNCORN TEACHER FOR VANCOUVER. Miss Mainley, eldest daughter of Mr. J. Mainley, painter and decorator of Penketh, left Penketh on Thursday last to board the Dominion liner so. Vancouver at Liverpool en route to Vancouver, B.C. The vessel sailed for Montreal, where Miss Mainley will land, and will be met by her intended husband, Mr. W. T. Stein, chartered accountant (late of Edinburgh), and will be married immediately on arrival. Mr. Stein went out to California a few years ago, and has established a very successful business at Vancouver. It will be remem- bered that a short time ago Miss Mainley was the re- cipient of a present from the teachers and scholars at the Wesleyan schools, Runcorn, where she has been teacher for some time. A BEGGAR SENT TO PRISON. '

At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning be- fore Mr. T. Handley, George Nicholls, who had oecupied lodgings in Friar-street, Runcorn, was charged with hav- ing :begged in Bold-stre.,t, the previous night.—P.C. Kendrick stated that at 10.15 on Tuesday night he saw the prisoner stop two women and ask them for money. He then went to a house in Bold-street and begged there. —lnspector Hicks deposed that the prisoner had been six times previously dealt with. The town was overrun with men, begging, and be was sorry to say that they were mostly Runcorn men. They had received a num- ber of complaints.—The prisoner was committed to Knutsford gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTION IN NEWTOWN WARD.

The election ZI;.-representative on the Runcorn Urban Council for Newtown Ward took place on Saturday. The candidates were Mr. Thomas Reynolds, general dealer, Shaw-st., and Mr. John Jones, of the London and North-Western Hotel. The polling station was at Shaw-street schools. Mr. E. Marshall was the presiding officer at No 1 booth, and Mr. Walter Jones was clerk, whilst the presiding officer at No 2 booth was Mr. Joseph Nickson who had Mr. C. R. Lake as clerk. There were 649 electors on the register but as will be seen from the figures given below only about 400 voted. Polling commenced at noon and continued quietly until , eight o'clock. Not much interest seemed to be taken in the contest aid there were few signs to show that an election was proceeding. The ballot boxes were crin- veyed to the Town Hall at eight o'clock, and the count- , . , ing was at once commenced by the returning officer, Mr. F. A. Lake and his staff of clerks. The work was com- pleted at 850 and the result was made known as follows Jones, 219; T. Reynolds 182 ; majority 37. There were three spoiled papers. A vote of thanks was passed to the returning officer and the officials on the motion of Mr. Jones seconded by Mr. Reynolds. THEFT FROM THE PERSON AT RUNCORN.

Before Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. Thomas Handley,at Runcorn Police Court, on Tuesday morning, a charge of stealing 153. 6J. and a handkerchief, the goods of John Faulkner, was preferred against Michael Burke,—John Faulkner, labourer, deposed that he went to Farrell's lodging-house, Vicar-st., about three o'clock the previous afternoon, and he had then in his possession 153. 6d., which he wrapped up in the handkerchief produced. He went to sleep in the lodging-house and when he awakened he tound that his money and handkerchief had been taken from him. Before giving information to the police he told Mrs. Farrell of his loss. The prisoner Burke was in the kitchen when he lay down to sleep. On returning with Police Sergeant Lee to the house, Mrs. Farrell handed him two florins and two pennies, stating that when he went out for the police, Burke went out, and she heard money drop in the yard. She picked the money up.—Sergeant Lee stated that shortly before mid-night Constable Kendrick brought the prisoner into the police office, but he denied knowing anything about the money. On being asked ho A much money he had, he replied 31. fid., whereas on being searched 83. was found upon him. The handkerchief produced was also found in his possession. On being charged with the theft he replied that he was sorry be had not spent the lot.—P C. Kendrick gave evidence as to arresting the prisoner. He corroborated the previous witness's state- ment. The magistrates committed the prisoner to pri- son for one month hard labour. DEATH AND FUNERAL OF A RUNCORN BUILDER.

At the age of 45 years, Mr. G. H. Thomas, a coatrac- , tor, Irwell-lane, succumbed on Thursday last, to a long and painful illness. The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon in Runcorn Cemetery, and was witnessed by a large number of people. The deceased was connected with Halton-road Wesleyan Chapel and also took an active part in connection with the Sunday school at Mill Brow. He was greatly esteemed and respected by numerous friends. Re succeeded in forming a band at Mill Brow nearly 17 years ago, and many of the mem- bers of the Runcorn Volunteer band were at one time members of it. As a :nark of respect this band joined in the funeral procession and played the Dead March in Saul en route. In advance of the procession there walked Mr. Pope superintendent of Mill Brow Sunday School; Mr. Find- low, secretary ; Messrs. Welsby and Temperley, super- intendents of the infant school ; Messrs. W. Graham. W. Lea, F. J. Norman, J.P.,R. H. Posnett, G. E. Woodland, E. Austin, James Jolley, and Captain le Couteur ; and the following representatives of the Bricklayers' Asso- ciation :—J. Vernon (president), John Pennington (sectetarv), James Ella ms (treasurer), W. Ashley, F. Ashley, T. Smiddy, T. Rathbone, W. Joynson, T.Foster, R. Poole, J. Wilson, W. Herbert, G. Sefton, C. Boote, Nickson, C. Nickson, and W. Hunt. Then came the hearse, followed by two mourning coaches supplied by Mr. Charles Dutton. In the first rode Mrs. Thomas (widow), Daisy (daughter), Mrs. Thomas (mother), Mr. Alfred Thomas, and Mr. Fred Thomas. In the second carriage were Mrs. Friar, Mrs. Millar (sisters), Mrs. Roberts, and Mrs. Sarah Roberts (sisters-in-law). The first part of the service was conducted by the Ray. W. George, and the Rev. T. Brackenbury officiated at the grave side. Among the wreaths on his coffin were those from his brother and sister, Mr. and Mrs. F. Thomas, and from his sisters Annie and Emily. It also bore the deceased's cornet.

SERMON ON "POPERY AND RITUALISM" BY THR B. J.

SIMPSON.

At Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn, on I Sunday night, the pastor Rev. J. Simpson, preached to a large congregation on" Popery and Ritualism—a call to Protestants. The rev. gentleman based his discourse on Psalm 44, lv. Be said he had taken the subject up through a sense of duty, especially when they consi- dered the efforts that Rome was making at the present time in order to convert Protestant England to Roman- ism. After commenting upon the projected invasion of England'by the Spanish Armada, which he said, was made at the behest of the Pope, and in which the Eng- lish people through the storm which arose, gained a signal victory, the ley, gentleman said the Pope had approached England again in a more subtle manner. Three hundred years ago England was tested and she was again being tested. They required more courage than their forefathers who fought the Spanish Armada. They required spiritual courage. He believed that they as Protestant Nonconformists would have to bear the brunt of the attack of Rome and if it was to be hurled back it wquid be by the Nonconformists of England. They had a great history and he believed a grander ' future in store for them. Wnen they began to waver let them think of their forefathers who faced the flames and the stake for the faith which they had received from their forefathers. Let them be strong and valiant, and let them go forward i God's name.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRaPONDRNT.

The subject of direct communication by road be- tween Runcorn and that part of the township of Weston known as Weston Point has been one that has engaged the attention of local authorities for a great number of years. It has been introduced time after time and negotiations have been opened on ,several occasions with the landowners, but as yet. nothing tangible has resulted. The question was under discussion at the meeting of the Weston Parish Council a few days ago, when a letter was road from Mr. Marsn all, secretary to the Runcorn Council, in which he stated that the Highways and Buildings Committee desired the co-operation of the Weston Council in their rfforts to procure a road for vehicle and pedestrian traffic between the two points mentioned, There can be no doubt that the lack of such a road is a great inconvenience to the inhabitants of both places, and another point which should not be lost sight of is the great danger to pedestrians when making use of the towing path along the canal, which has been rightly stigmatised by the Coroner as a death trap. It would bea good stroke of business if arrangements could be made with the landowners to give the ground required for the proposed new road—it is perhaps too much to expect them to contribute towards the cost of making it. There seem to be strong reasons for the supposition that the landowners vill,in the long run, benefit in doing so in consequence of the land ad- joining the road becoming more valuable for build- ing purposes, and it is to be hoped that the present negotiations will be attended with success.

Residents in the townships adjoining Runcorn will be pleased to learn that the Runcorn Library Committee have decided to reduce the price for the loan of books to them from si.per annum to Is. This, of course, will have to be confirmed by the members of the Runcorn Council, but there is every prospect of its being agreed to. In villages, good public lbraries are seldom met with, and it may safely be said that the residents in the townships near Run- corn have been ill provided for in this respect. They certainly have been able to make use of the Runcorn library but with a prohibitive charge of 58. per annum it was hardly likely that they would largely avail themselves of it. The reduction pro- posed is a step in the right direction and an increased number of borrowers should be the result. With the spread of education the time may not be far distant when Parish Councils will so take advantage of the Library Act that the village litrary will be as familiar as that in the town.

The difficulties which have existed for so long regarding the ferry between Runcorn and Widnes may now be said to have been satisfactorily settled at the conference held in London on Tuesday. The Manchester Ship Canal Company have agreed to abolish the penny toll for crosing the canal, and the approaches to the ferry are to be put in a more satisfactory condition. These were the chief points at issue as regards Runcorn, and it will now, no doubt, be unnecessary to proceed with the pro- posed action at the next assizes. It seems that there are at present no approaches whatever to the ferry on the Widnes side, those which existed formerly having been removed. The London and North Western Railway Company denied their liability to defray any of the expense in the erec- tion of the new approaches, and it will thus be saddled upon the three remaining parties,namely, the Ship Canal Company and the ‘Vidnes and Run- corn ratepayers. Many may be inclined to ask why Runcorn should pay a share of the cost of erecting approaches at Whines? But it is evident that Runcorn people using the ferry would receive the benefit of a good landing place at Widnes, and if this is all the expense incurred by Runcorn in putting the ferry on a much better basis, we may congratulate ourselves upon the recult.

At the annual meeting of the Rtincrn Musical Society, last night, there was presented a most satisfactory report of the past seasln's work. Mr. Crossley the talented conductor of the society un- doubtedly deserves much of the credit. Under his regime the society has improved wonderfully. The number of members has increaqed ; the work of the society has advanced in excellence, and the adverse balance which hung like a chalk cloud over the Aociety has practically been liquidated, the society's indebtedness only amounting to Is. 10d.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
TITE RUNCORN AND WIDNES FERRY.

CONFERENCE AT LONDON.

In accordance with arrangement a conference of the various parties interested in the ferry between Runcorn and Widnes was held- at the offices of the London and North Western Railway Company, Par- Jiament-street. London, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Mason, soliciter, and others were present on benalf of the Railway Company ; Mr.Hunter(ringineer)and Messrs. Cirnncly, Kershaw, and Company, solicitors, Manchester, for the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany:the Mayor of Widnes (Mr. Sadler),Major War- ing,Mr. Shores,Mr. Oppenhei in (town clerk) and Mr. Sinclair (surveyor) on behalf of the Widnes Corpor- ation ; and Mr. Imison, (chairman of the Run- corn Urban District Council), Mr. P. Speakman J P. CO., Mr. R. H. Posnett, Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk) and Mr. M. Barker (surveyor) represented the Run- corn Council. The grievances existing at Runcorn regarding the ferry were clearly laid before the conference and the Ship Canal Company , agreed to abolish the toll of one penny for crossing the canal, and will construct approaches for high or :ow level tides at Runcorn. ' With regard to the approa?.hes to the ferry at the Widnes side of the river, a long discusiion took place as to who was responsib'e for the destruction of those previously erected. The Railway Company denied any liability and ultimately an understand- ing was come to that suitable approaches should be erected, the cost to be defrayed by the Manchester Ship Canal Company, and the Widnes and Runcorn councils. An agreement is being drawn up, :which may be considered satisfactory to all parties, and subject to its being carried out, the action which was to have been heard at the forthcoming Assizes, is stayed. The proceedings lasted about two hours.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE YORKSHIRE MURDER.

ARRES r OF HUDSON.

The expectation that Hudson would be run to earth in or about Birmingham has been real sed. A man answering his description, and giving the name of R. H. Hudson, called at a barber's at Coventry and ar- ranged for letters to be received for him there, this be- ing followed by the receipt on Monday of an envelope and blank sheet of paper posted in Birmingham. Tne envelope was doubtless posted as a device to lead the police to look at some place other than Birmingham. On Wednesday evening it was made known to the Wor- cestershire police that a man answei ing his description had taken lodgings in Dawlish-road, Stlley Oak, a Bir- mingham suburb, and Sergeant Holmes waited his ar- rival there, and arrested him. He at first denied his identity, but ultimately admitted that he was Robert Heseltine Hudson. When arrested be had several cart- ridges in his pocket, and a six-chambered revolver was among his effects in a bag. Hudson was brought before the magistrates at King's Heath on Thursday, and was formally handed over to the police of the district in which the crime was corn- mitted. Inquiries made in Birmingham have led to the suggestion that the accused had grown tired of his wife, and that after he had killed her he replied to a number of matrimonial advertisements and inserted such an adver- tisement himself in a number of papers.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. Mr. S. B. Stringer presided at the usual meeting of the ahove,held in Wycliffe Church on Sunday atternoon,and spoke upon the work ot the P.S. A. and its results. The speaker was Mr. Johnson, of ?Agate, who,. gave a humorous and instructive address. Mrs. R. H. Pearson sang the afternoon's solo with charactt ristic skill, and the meeting was also taken part in by Meets. David Own, and G. Lowe. The president ot the movement, the Rev. J. Yonge, was also present.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NURSING CL&SS

PRESENTATION OF CER TIFICATES AND PRIZES. In the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, on Wed- nesday afternoon, Mr. F Wiswall, C E., presented prizes and certificates to the members of the Runcorn Nursing Class who had been awarded them for success at the recent examination. At the outset of the proceedings, Mr. Marshall, secretary to the Runcorn Urban Council, read a telegram from Mr.P. Speakman, J.P., C.C.,apolo- gising for his non-attendance. Mr. Wiswall said he need hardly say that it was very unfortunate that Mr. Speakman was unable to he pre sent, because that gentleman had had more to do with the nursing classes than he had, and knew more about them. Be was sure it was very encouraging to find a busy man like Mr. Speakman interesting himself with the noble cau-s which was the subject of that meeting. Mr. Speakman, Mr, Norman, and others were deeply interested in the m ttter, and when it was found that gentlemen like them were prepared to devote their time and energies to the furtherance of that effort, it was very encouraging. He knew of no accomplishment for ' women which was more worthy of commendation than that of nursing the sick. It was one of the noblest of causes, for by it they could increase the sum of human happiness. It had been the cus- tom of mankind to be at strife and to cause suffering and misery instead of alleviating it. If more could be done in this latter direction they might ultimately succeed in bringing mankind into closer COM- ' rnunion and do away,to a great extent, with the horrors of war. It was very pleasant to see ladies trying to at- tain this knowledge of nursing and to find that they were not only prepared to attend to the sufferings of I their own kindred and in their own houses, but also to , the sufferings of others. In asking him as chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee to present those prizes Mr. Speakman had that institution in mind. The speaker then proceeded to allude to the subjects to be I taught in the Technical Institute which he stated was to be opened next month. If they could find a sufficient number of ladies to form a nursing class the committee would be only too pleased to inaugurate one. They had ample capacity and, he thought, sufficient means. He was pleased to see that Mr.Lightfoot at the last meeting of the Council stated that it would be a good thing te es- tablish a higher grade school at the Technical Institute. He (the speaker) did not see why they could not and many thought it was practicable and should be accom- plished. He asked for their co-operation in making the Institute a success. Some pessimists in the town had stated that it was going to be " a white elephant," but he could say that it was going to be anything but that. After alluding to the small expense the Institute had been to the ratepayers, and to the material assistance received from the County Council, and the Science and Art Department, he said the subject of popular educa- tion, and particularly technical instruction, was coming more and more to the front. Their two County Council representatives, Mr. Spealrnin and Mr. Taylor, were both interested in education and were doing their best on that body for Runcorn. In conclusion he said he was only too pleased to be present that afternoon to do what little' he could in helping forward that good object. It was a pleasant duty to distribute those prizes which he , was sure had been very worthily obtained. (Applause.) Prizes and certificates for proficiency at the examina- tion were then handed to Mrs. Harrop, Mrs. Once and Miss Mack. Certificates were distributed to Mesdames F. R. Norman, W. Parkinson, P. Le Couteur, Whinyates, Rilcross, Littler, Davies. Matthews, and Misses Littler, Wilson, Rowlands, Smith and Withington. The prizes consisted of books on " Foods and Dietaries." Miss Mack proposed, and Mrs. Once seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Wiswall for presenting the awards. In putting the proposition to the vote, Mr. Marshall referred to the syllabus prepared for the Technical Institute. Classes would be formed for cookery, laundry workond dressmaking. The latter subject had been successfully taught previously. With regard to the cookery class, Miss Head had been engaged to conduct it, ant she had already highly distinguished herself at the Liverpool School of Cookery. Anyone who went amongst the poor would know hew little knowledge they possessed regard- ing cooking. There was a great deal of disease propagated through bad cooking, and it disseminated disease very rapidly. Ha would like to impress upon them to use their influence on the girls of the town and induce them to attend those classes. The Technical Instruction Com- mittee would need all the support they could obtain.— The motion was carried unanimously and Mr. Wiswall suitably responded.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE I.(l3ltAltY.

A meeting of the Runcorn Free Library Committee was held at the Town Hall, Runcirn, on Tuesday even- ing. Mr. %Marti HandLy occupied the chair,and there were also preaent Rev. J. Simpson, Messrs. H. J. Grine, IS. Pope, W B. Cunningham, T. Riley, and J. D. Jones (librarian).

===== 0002601_18950622_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE LIBRARIAN'S REPORT.

Mr. J. D. Jones' the librarian, reported that the num- ber of books issued during the month of May totalled 1807 ; 1,781 in the lending department and 28 in the relerence department, showing a decrease of 53. The books were distributed as follows :—Theology 17, philo- Qopliv 10, sole ce 83, history, &ct., 105, poetry 14, fiction 1,402, miscellaneous 167, French literature 2, music 7. The cash department showed that 183.2 d. had been paid in fines ; 9s. Bd. for tickets; is. 3d. for catalogues, and £5O had been recsiyed from the library rate. After meeting Ail expenses there was a balance in hand of £7 18s. 61—The report Wag adopted.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFTS TO THE LIBRARY,

The following gifts were acknowledged :—By Sir John Brunner. Bert., M.P., Wolff's "Village Banks" ; Far- row's" The Money Lender Unmwked " and Parliamen- tary "Report of Chief Inspector of Factories and Work- shops" and on the "Royal Commission on the A.;ed Poor" and several hills before Parliament ; from Free Libraries (annual reports) Battersea, Baillie's Institution (Glasgow), Birmingham, Chester, Doncaster, Mitchell Library (Glasgow), Plymouth, Preston, S. Martin-in- the-Field (London and Wigan) ; from the proprietors. " The Drapery World."

===== 0002601_18950622_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS.

The Book Selection Commictee recommended the pur- chase of 86 volumes at a totil cost of £l5 16s. lid. The Committee approved of the recommendation on the motion ot Mr. tirice.s.conded by Mr. Riley.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED REDUCED CHARGE TO OUTMDE BORROWERS.

The Chairman introduce I the subjcet of giving better advantages to borrowers of books, in outside district. He said any library authority could lend their books to any outside district either without or for payment. But it was scarcely fair that they should lend them without payment, and the general rule was that people residing in outside districts when taking advantage of a library [ elsewhere should pay more than an equivalent to the rates than those who lived in the district. Their Com- mittee had charged hitherto ss. per annum but that was I felt to be to much. For every householder in Runcorn the total mist of the library would not be more than 81. [ per year because the rate was levied on the whole assess- ment. In the country districts if they were to adopt the Library Act, which they could do if they wished, and join another library district, it would cost each house- holder about 81. per year.—Mr. Cunningham said he had mentioned the matter to several representative men in 'Talton and they rather seemed to favour the idea of allowing them the privilege of borrowing books from the Runcorn library at something like a shilling a year.— In answer to a question the librarian said he did not think they had above half-a-dozen outside borrowers,— Mr. Cunningham con%inuing said the more they could extend the usefulness of the library, the better far the people of the library itself. Some questions were asked by Mr. Pope as to the cost of rebinding books during the year, and from the answers given it was thought that one shilling per year would be a sufficient amount to charge borrowers outside the town.—Mr. Pope moved that persons residing outside Runcorn be allowed books on loan on payment in advance,of Is. per year, subject to a guarantee being obtained from a Run- corn ratepayer.—Mr. Cunningham seconded the motion. —Mr. Grim, thought it would be a great lboon to those living in the adjourning townships, and he believed they would be acting wisely in granting the privilege.— The motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIND AND THE GRASS.

I love the soft wind blowing Through long and waving grass; Though mingled thoughts and feelings, May o'er my spirit pass. Bringing the days of childhood, With heart so fresh and gay ; When hopes we fondly cherish, Too quickly pass away. Affections seared and faded, As withered leaves may be, Though love of holy nature Should live abidingly. I love to see the tall grass, Bend dancing to the wind ; In sunny scenes of beauty When all is glad and kind. Wavy grass and gentle wind, I love to watch you play ; And listen to your singing, Though I Icauw not what you say. But, oh, I love the music, In sunshine, cloud or rain ; Whatever ye are singing, How sweet the soothing strain! S. KENYON.

Warringtnn, June 16th, 1895.

The ope..ing of the Baltic Canal on Thursday was characteri• •k 1 by immense enthusiasm. Unfortunately, however. is grand naval procession through the canal did not come off without a slight bitch, the:third vessel, the North German Lloyd's liner Kaiser Wilhelm 11. taking the ground at an awkward tend, and remaning , fast for a short time. Eventually, however, all the vessels la the procession navigated the canal.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.

The Rev. Canon Wood presided at the meeting of the Council on Friday evening. There were also present: Rev. D. S. Bowen, Messrs. Tudor, T. T. Sill, Vose, Seeeatman Savage, Guest, Barrett, Ball, Clarke, J. Moores, and J. Cellier (clerk).—After the reading and adoption of the minutes, the Clerk read a communica- tion from the Clerk of the Runcorn Rural District Coun- cil stating that with regard to the letter received respecting the ashpits and roads, their Inspector had been requested to make a thorough examination of the ashpits in the township, and to report thereon. With reterence to South-road and Post Office-road, Weston Point, a Committee with the assistance of the Surveyor had been appointed to inquire into the subject.—The Chairman said he thought the matter was proceeding satisfactorily; no doubt something would be done.—The following letter from Mr. E. Marshall, secretary of the Runcorn Urban Council was read :—"The Highways and Buildings Comtnittee of the Runcorn Urban Council is about to open negotiations with landowners with a viow of inducing them to or en a road to Weston Point for vehicular and pedestrian traffic. They have ap- pointed a sub-committee to deal with this matter and I um directed to ask that your council will appoint a com- mittee or deputation to confer with my committee with regard to this matter. Your council of course is deeply interested in the obtaining of such road and we shall be glad to have your co-operation." The Rev. D. S. Bo wen thought it would be wise if they appointed a committee to confer with the committee of the Runcorn Council. From what he could gather the Runcorn people were hoping that the landowners would give the land for the proposed road. One road proposed was from Percival-lane, but he did not think that was feasible, it would be far better if brought through Picow Farm. They suffered greatly at Weston Point through not hav- ing direct communication with Runcorn. He moved that the Council appoint a deputation of three members to confer with the committee of the Runcorn Council with regard to the making of a directroad from Runcorn to Weston Point—Mr. Savage seconded the proposition. —Mr. Sill said it was rather difficult to discuss the matter as they had little information before them. He thought it would be better before appointing a committee, to write for information as to what land the road was to go through. He moved that the Clerk write to the secretary of the District Council asking for information as to the proposed route or routes, as to tiro estimated expenditure and as to whether the said expenditure would have to he borne by the ratepayers of the two townships or by the land- owners.—Mr. Tudor seconded.—Mr. Vose in supporting the amendment said the present as not the time for extra expenditure.—On being put to the vote the amendment was carried, only one member, Mr. Savaee, voting against it.—The following was moved by Mr. SW :—" That the resolution visaed at the last meeting. respecting the Clerk's salary be rescinded, and the fol- lowing be substituted : That in consideration of the extra work imposed upon the assistant overseer, by reason of his acting as Clerk to the Parish Council of Weston, his salary be increased from £6O to £72 a year, the increase to take effect from the 25th March. 1895, such salary to be paid every half year, on March 25 and I September 29 respectively ; and that the sum of £3 be paid to the assistant overseer for extra services in act- ing as Clerk to the said Parish Council from Decem- ber 31, 1894, the date upon which such Council came into office, to the 25sh day of March, 1895." Mr. Guest seconded, and it was unanimously adopted.— Mr. Ball drew the attention of the Council to the danger- ', oua state of a pit on the side of a footpath leading from IClifton to Weston. It was decided to communicate with the owner or tenant, drawing attention to it and asking I that it be put in a safe condition.—Mr. Guest referred to a letter written by Mr. Marshall to the Runcorn Rural ' District Council respecting the Weston water supply. He stated that the writer appeared to make out that Mr. Aaron had not been correct reapecting it. He thought that Council might support Mr. Aaron by the Clerk writing to the District Council, informing them the facts of the case. During the past four years the supply ti* a great number of houses in Weston had been intermittent and in some instances they had none at all during the day. They had a right to the water, for which they were made to pay. He moved that their Clerk write a letter to the Runcorn Rural District Council callingatten- tien to a considerable number of houses in Weston being short of a sufficient supply of water, and confirming Mr. Aaron's statements, arid that a copy thereof be for- warded to the Runcorn Urban District Ctuncil.—Mr. Basnett seconded.—Mr. Vose said his hens& was one of the highest in the township, and vet he had no grounds for complaint recently. He had been able to obtain water whenever he wanted it. The houses on a lower level therefore ought to have water.—Mr. Sill explained that there were two service mains supplying Weston,one running down Heath-road, from which there was nearly always a continual supply, and the other along Weston- road, in connection with %filch the supply was very defective. They owned 39 cottages, and it was very seldom they had a supply. These were fed from the Weston-road main. Thus it was apparent that the Urban District Council could remedy the detect by seeing to the pipes along that route.—Mr. Vose said that whenever the service pipes had been examined they received a full supply.—The meti, m was unanimously carried. WESLEYAN SIMDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSABY.—OH Sunday the annual serenons were preached by the Rev. Edmund Potts, of Chester. In the morning his discourse was based upon the words " Take ye away the stone," and in the evening on" Who is the Lord that I should obey Him 2" At the afternoon service the same gentleman delivered an interesting and appropriate address to scholars, teachers, and frenda, on " My son give me thine heart." The choir and scholars rendered special hymns and anthems in an effie,ient manner, under the conductorship of Mr. James Ball. The organ was pre- sided at, morning and evening, by Mr. John Ball, and in the afternoon by Mr. Alfred Ball. The collections throu4hout the day realized upwards of £l7.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODS H AM.

THE Cannel! Dtocrsmi SOCIETY —Special sermons were preached in the Church. Frodsham. on Sundav,in aid of the Church Diocesan S wiety. The Vicar, the Rev. H. B. Bloga,M..t ~ preached in the morning,and the Rev. Canon E. Mai,land %nod, vicar of Runcorn, in the even- ing. The off,r'ories rfal z-d £8 7s. 63. After the evening service the organist, Mr. It. B. Musgrove, gave% short orean reci' al.

OPENING OF THE VICARAGE OROIINDS.—On Sunday afternoon, frmn five to six o'clock, the Vicarage grounds were kindly thrown open to the public by the Vicar, the Rev. H. B. Blogg, MA., and through the permission of Colonel Ashton, the members of the Volunteer Band were in attendance and gave an excellent selection of sacred music. A large number of pirishioners, with their friends, availed themselves of the privileze. Y.P.S C.E. GATHERING AT OVHRTON Flurs.—A united picnic and open-air " rally," in cmlnection with the Chester and district union of Y.P.S.C.E. societies and Chester Sunday school union ton): place Lt Mersey View, Overton, on Wedneeday afternoon. The district over which the Christ'an EVeivnur union extends embraces Chester. Crewe. Runcorn, and intermediate districts,and the Sunday school unim comnrises about twenty six schools with a staff of some 400 teachers, and nearly 4,000 scholars. A special train was run from Chester, a large numhor travelling, with it. The party proceeded to Mersey View where a most successful gathering was held at which renrmentstives were present from the var- ious branches. True chair was occupied by the Rev. W. Jones, of Chester, and four minute addresses were de- livered by a number of ladies and gentlemen who had attended the Birmingham Convention and who spoke on the various topics intrnduced subsequently tea was par- taken of and a re-union afterwards held.

A DomvsTlC SRRVANT'S ACTION FOR DASIAOI9.—In the Nisi Prius Court, etweer. on Tuesday. before Mr. Jus- tice Collins James Hull, domestic servant, Frodsham, sued the London and North-Western and the Great Western Railway Joint Companies for damages for per- sonal injuries. Mr. D. A. T. Cllt Williams was the Plaintiff and Mr. Bowen Rowlands, Q C., M.P., with Mr. E. H. Lloyd for the defendant companies. Plaintiff was a domestic servant.in the employment of a Mrs. Whitley, residing near HPIShV, Cheshire, and was about sixty years of age. On October 31st, 1893, she went for a day's shopping to Chester, and returned home by the 7.35 train for Warrington. On reaching Elelsby she was unable to open the carriage door or attract the attention of the railway officials, and was carried on to the next station. As the train was leaving Helsby the compart- ment in which plaintiff was travelling suddenly jerked or jumped, and she was pitched first from one side to the other and then to the floor, sustaining a severe shock which prostrated her.—The carriage window was also smashed by the accident, the nature of which had not been ascer- tained. Plaintiff was taken out at the next station (Prodsham) in an almost unconscious state, was sent back to Helsby, and taken home. Dr. Burton, of Prods- ham, and Dr. Butt, of Cheater, attended her and found her suffering from severe shock, from which she bad no. even yet fully recaveted. Plaintiff was not able to put her hand on any particular defect in the railway plant or working, but her contention was that an accident must have occurred to cause her injilry.—Evidence was given for the plaintiff, after which Mr. Bowen Rowlands, for the defence, characterised the case as a most myster- ious one. The Companies suggested that whathappened in the train might have been earned by rlaintiff's own excited and nervous action. Had the window been broken as he described, the shock must have been something tremendous, and other passengers must have felt it, but no other passenger had been inconvenienced. Railway officials were examined to show that the train and permanent way were in perfect order.—The jury found for the plaintiff, awarding her £2OO damages.

SawnBcs Macnrqrs Han ' £2 188. M. Tre.Pdle £4 48. with flatulenm . admit carer R'l4 W. DorTom. 16 and 18. Sanke, --t., W•rrin,don 4 did WRINGING MAC IIINWI. GARLLICB, Ironmonget. Warrinaton. Onr noted Kir Otovrs in all shades at le. Rd., and 28. ad. per.ptir.—ETAßs'l7. Bankey-etreet. Warrington. I—Advt.

3bbtrtistmtnt not Clasintb.

IMPORTANT NOTICE!

There will be commenced in "THE EXA.MINDR" et Saturday, July 6th,

A !NEW TALE,

Entitled

"G __..- LENA LPINE'S OATH, Or, the

MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS."

By SYLVANUS COBB, Jr.

This is a story of love and war, and is full of adventures ix the Highlands of Scotland on the sea, an i th jungles of India. It is intensely interesting from the first to tue last.

GIRL.—CIe-an sat tidy Girl for Housework, to sleep g harne.-16, ARPLEY-ST., Warriugqn.

V(TANIEI3.—Young GENERAL, good home, two it V Y family, reference require.t.—BRIGIMMORE bur. Maskell-street, Rusholme-road, Manchester.

CIO LWYN BAY —St. Winifred's Boarding Rouse. Mostyu- k.J road. Pleasantly situated, comfortable, liberal table. Moderate terms.—Mrs. GRAY.

M 0 2 IiCAMP Cheerful and l'ght ; home comforts, with or without board; m Aerate charges.—Mrs. COULDIA LI,. 2, Parliament-street, West Br d.

ANTRD, SITUATION as Phin COOK; middle age; V Church of Engtand ; goo 3 references.—Address D. O. 146, Oxford-road, Blanche3ter.

T AUNDRYMAID WANTED for g ntlernan's cottage LI laundry, married, or widow with a dAugh6r.—Mr. HAYCOCK, 26, Cheater-A., Wrexham.

AUSEY, Isle of Man —TO LEP. furnished ROUSH, overloo'iing sea arid park, unequalled position. Terme moderate.—Apply CLAREMJNT, harnrey, Isle of Man.

HOUSEMAID wANr El Good reterences required. —Apply to Mrs. PAIILDILN, Stretford-road, All Salmis', Manchester.

(100D-1311HD MAILS, fast, height 15k hands ; Trap Shandry, Harness, 27, SMITH-STREET, Kirkdale, Liver- pool.

rj..10 wasuLwßza NTS, WANTRD two improvers.—Apply R. A. DreoN, 76. Grafton-street, Liverpool S.

qlO MARKET Gardeners and Farmers for sale a very bandy 1 spring CART wit h top boards and thrippers, with hack, very trsndy for market pur,oses —Address for particulars R. A. rovsox, 76. Graftou-stro et, Liverpool. S.

(1 IRL about 16 WANTRD, as General, faulPy of two.--8, lX AUBREY-ROID, Mauldeth-road, Witlaington, Man- cheater.

WANTED, an experlewed GENERAL SERVANT, plata cooking, nowsshing. -Mrs. BarEßLer, Sunnyside. Newton-le-Willnws.

IrNIPANT WANTED tCARE or ADOPI' ; any age; state 1 own terms —Nina. ADAMS, 14, Elm-road, Walkm, Liverpool. Starnp for reply.

_ rpo BR Liu, the old-established Grocery and Provision 1 SHOP:death, cause of leaving; 49 p-ars tenancy; good- will, fi tures, stock, a bargain.-2,5, RATIM iNE-ST,LiVerpool

WitNTED. Good General StCRVANT, small family. must have good references. state full particulars.—Mr. SCHWABE. The Heath, Knutsford.

BAD COMPLISXIO NS speedily cured by using our special preparation, unequall- d or removing freckles, pimples, and all ther diB6gurations of the face, leaving the skin beautiful soft and white In b,,ttles (sent under cover, free from obse vation) post free, Is. 6d., 2s. 61. and 48. 6d., from tho sole manufacturers—WATSON AND &tun, 348, Westgate- road, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

A LMANACK Travaler, 1896. Active man (agent) may 11 have commission through mt the hole district. Apply JAMER DILKI & CO., INOttilOgh%M.

WANTED as a (1 ENEKAL bk./WA VT. • de arly,tionest giri, about 1.8, for small family, Good character iadispensable. Applicants who can wash, preferred.— Address 99, CIIORLTON-ROAD, Manchester.

TIOUSE TO LET, 126. Wiiderapool-road, Viarrington, 4 be ,rooms, drawing-room. &fling-room, kitchen, scullery, ac., rent £lB. Immediste possesiou.—Apply on the premises.

CINDISIIS may be had at the Ex iminer Office. Warrington. 3d. per load given for c _

WANTED, strong, healthy, clean girl, as IlifiNkßAL ; ex- ceptional references ; 3 in farnily.-39, MOUNT PRES* TON, Leeds.

IV with situation as GA.RDHNER. single-handed or with help ;good experience in glass ; a4e 25, single. —F. S., BISHTON GiRDI•NS. Woleeley 13ridge, Staff 'rd.

PEHTHSHIRIC two public roans. flab. nine bedrdoms. bath-room (H. 0. servants' aceomrund.stion. Good situation. Good fishing district.—Mrs. ORLY, Flonnaghal House, Pitioehry. THE FIRE B

WE. SHALL IT lin; OR MENEM:or MR WILLIAM DIG'ILR Will deliver AN ADDRItsS ln the CAIRO-STRTRT SCHOOLROOM on IURsDAY EVBNING next, JUNB 25m. Alderman TOSIIPH HARRIbON, j.P., has kindly Cemented to preside at 8 o'clock. ADMISSION 2d each. surplus in &Id of the Warrington Infirmary. Ditcussion invited.

EL!IpED

===== 0002601_18950622_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING.

_ In Bethesda Lecture Hall, on Thursday evening, the annual meeting of this B...eiety was held under the presi- dency of Mr. J. 13rundrit, J.P. There was a fair attend- ance of members and officials If tho THE SECRETARY'S REPORT.

The Secretary in his report for the Past season said that was the seventh season of the ikteiety's working. During the season three concerts were given as usual, which made a total of 20 concerts given by the society, I They had been honoured with the patronage of his Grace I the Duke of Westminster and Sir H. Brooke, Bart., and 'their patronage they hoped to maintain. Mr. Brundrit had again been their presidsnt and they had had 90 vice- presidents. The singing members of the society num- bered 85. A feature of the works performed by the society during the season was that each had been given for the first timG in Runcorn, and three works more di- verse in style it would be ORE ,ult to select. At the first concert Sullivan's "On Imre, on Sea " was given, and also a miscellaneous second part.. Mendelesohn'a " Walpurgis Night" was performed on the occasion of the second concert, and the final concert of the season was given in Lent, and consisted of a splendid performance of Spobr's " Last Judgment." He thought he might be permitted to report that at this latter performance the chorus surpassed anything they had previously done. In the refined, tuneful, and intel- ligent singing in this work was to be seen the fruits of Mr. Crossley's careful and assiduous training, and the value of his services to the society were never more apparent. The band, chorus, and principals all worked perfectly under their talented conductor, with a result that had been the universal praise ot al who attended the performance. During the past season three socials were held. They were of a very enjoyable nature, and added somewhat to the fund. of the society.- -Mr. Thomas Handley, J.P., moved the adoption of the report, and said he thought the last concert surpassed any other. The chorus seemed to rive every satisfaction to all those who heard it.—Mr. Kay seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. TREASURER'S STATISM, NT. Mr. Scott presented the financial statement of the society. It showed that there had been received from patrons, president, and vice-preshients the sum of £lOl 13s. ; members' subscriptions £l5 4a.; tickets sold £46 Ba. 6d. ; music, Itc., £54 ; making a total income of £217 51. Bd. The debit balarwe arid expenses amounted to £217 3s. 81. ; thus leaving a balance of is. 101. The working expenses of the year had not only been met, but a deficit with which they commenced had been liquidated.—Mr. A. Lightburn moved the ad( ption of the balance sheet.—Mr. W. Jones in seconding said it was of a very gratifying character considering their ex- periences during the last three or four years.—The Imotion was adopted.

BANKTIITPTCY OF A RUNCORN TINSMITH. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday (Friday), before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, James Jolley, 14, Bridge-street, Runcorn, tinsmith, ap- peared to undergo his public exatuination in bank- ruptcy. The gross liabilities of the bankrupt were .£lO3 45. 4d., and the deficiency £95 44. 41. Vie alleged cause of failure, was bad trade and the expense of a large family, Its stated that he had been in business as a tinstnitn in Ruacarn for 14 ' years, and commenced with no capital. He had not filed the prescribed deficiency account. lie said that his deficiency arose from hi. profits being less than his expenses, as trade had been very bad the last two years. Be had seven children, six of them being under 13 years of age. He had kept no books of any kind, and had not at any time during the past three years made any - attempt to ascertain his pecuniary position.—After la few formal questions by Mr. A. B. Pot ter,assistant official receiver, the examination was closed.

The Bishop of Liverooorohl ;th Bishop of Chester firura as contributors to tii- W G Gra.c(• rnanorial,which on Thursday amounted 31.829 s illmus. Another remarkable cur, 1, s, ated to have been aolieved at St. Winefride's kV,II, a omit Wigan girl ame,l Kin() Long being aIl.l t.) ha.vo regained the po.er of speech. which she In.ft three years ate through a fright.

goimaNl

BE WISE IE 'Limn Sufferers from Gr vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains In the Back' Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism mot Gout will find a positive Cure In Ho'rori's Gravel Pi ls. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. of an Chemists or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'g Medical Hall, rheckheaton, Yorks. Do,i't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor sad a box will be sent next pest. —4th,.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MI

===== 0002601_18950622_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Stowing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

IWith Extra Half penny Stamp up to

===== 0002601_18950622_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton-le-NV illows Widnes, App'eton, Farnworth Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook I Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury

and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, I.Nrom, and Thelwall NeNichurch, Croft, Padgate,Stotock ton Heath, Stratton, Warburton,

and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchor Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Iluxton. Y rksh.re North- umberland, Durham. le S.-Igast Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh lanchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Freston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead. Ormskirk, St Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, south Wales, S.-West ot Eng- land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland. St Town lb-livery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and, Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and

I Mnchesl

Foreign

Bolton Preston. North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Sout hp°, t, Ormskirk Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wye, ham, Llandudno, &

Shrewsbury . Manchester, S.-East Lancashire. & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton. Newton-le- Willows and Wigan

Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, He!shy, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens.. Orf.rd and Hulme Liverpool and Chester rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Preston. West Cun berlar,d, Liver- pool. Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despa•ch. All Parts London. Mid,ands, S.-Eastern 8, South Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950622_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BARLESTOWN AND NIIWTON.

HEAD OFFICE High-st., Newton POSTMASTER • Mr. James Jordan Hours of f Week-days,? am. to 9p m. Ate nee. Sundays 7to 10 am. Bo's closes at 5,40 p.m The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. ti p.m.. and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p,m. PARCL POINT. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

===== 0002601_18950622_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DHSPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
—i" O-stage:

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ~

11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18950622_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra . Stamp.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
BRCEIVING HOUSE, SI7E-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXE.S ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

PacEivlrro liousE— narlestown

livs-OvrlcEs -

-*Ashton Collins Green "Golborne

Lawton Stubehaw Cross

Winwick "Wargrave

WALL BOLAS— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Stati OA (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st.. Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel LowtonCommon (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton &kid, Ashton.

Vulcan ago Burtonwood (Providence Place)!

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m, 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 n 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m..: 12 noon, 2 &

P•m• 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a in. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 s.m. Nil. Nil. Ni!. ill. J-55 a,m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the 'am me as letters.

FOLL WS

===== 0002601_18950622_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
I To I Callers. I

TOWN DELIVER ES

linglancl, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, I and Foreign London and the South .. Frodsham, Helsby, &Lyn Manchester, S.-BAst Lan c • Yorkshire, Durham, North. berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead Southpert Prescot. Wigan, Orme- &irk, Whines, &hlarlestown London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties rt South Wales Preston, North LancasWrp. New ton-le-Wil ows, St. Helens. and

Chester .................................... Manchester ..................... London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and :Vinland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales. and Ireland ........... . Glasgow, Preston, Wigan. Man- chester, Bolton, t Chester ...... . London and Foreign. South. Eastern, Midi nil, Northern, Eastern Counties, it Lancashire Croft. Padgate. Wool st on. Stockton Heath, and Stratton London it Foreign, South, and S-, Eastern Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 ~ 10 45 „ 1

} 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-lb 3-15

By Postmen.

11-30 a.m

530 p.m.

3-15 m.

6-45 a.m.

/7-0 a.m. Next day.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 a.m

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

1-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 11-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1-50 am

1-50 p.m. 1-0 p.m.

1-25 pm.

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

245 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 P.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m 5-45 p.m.

6-o:p.m.

6-15 p.m

11-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST IMPORTANT.

Every person's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which might have been brilliant has been darkened by lack of the spirit of self help. Many a home which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly pre- ventible. The spring and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now seem a joy- ess summer, a trying autumn, and a broken constitu- tion to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are indeed few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying winter they have passed through. With same it is "only a little cough," and others," a tendency to bronchitis," with others, " no quite up to the mark," a sort of all over sinkingfeeling,l " too weak to do anything about the house," "these' recurring headaches," " no appetite for my food," kc. These and a dozen others are common expressions which all p4int to the urgent need of some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months' time—if you are no worse than than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputation and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but, none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters. The vegetable tonic. It has never been known to fail ; send for a pamphlet of testi- monials and read the voluntary testimony therein con- tained. Then get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,which will prove to be your best self-help.

CAUTION.—Avoid imitations. See that yoi get Gtrilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do not be persuaded to buy any other. See the name " Gloilunt Evan's Quinine Bitters "on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

Prices : Bottles,2B. ; double size, 4s. sd. Sam p bottles, is. lid. To be had of all Chemists, or di rec from the Proprietors :

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TIM MAGISTRATES.

is. 3D. A LETTER. At the Warrington Borough Court en Monday before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates, James Andrews, 25, Bostock-st., Stockton Heath, was charged with wil- fully damaging a seat in Bank Park, on June 4, by cut- jog his initials thereon. Park Keeper Ashton said that the defendant was cutting his initials upon one of the ornamental rustic seats in the Park. He went to him and got his name and address, and then reported the ' matter to the Town Clerk and Park Committee, who orderedlthe defendant to be prosecuted.—Mr. Monks : Is be so important that he requires his name cut in Bank Park. (Laughter.)—Mr. G. F. F. White (deputy magis- trate's clerk), informed the magistrates that the commit- tee did not wish to press the present case unduly, but wished to give warning to persons in the future.—Mr. Monks said that as the committee did not wish to press the case, they would take that recommendation into con- sideration. They, however, wished it to be distinctly understood that if similar cases arose in future, they would deal severely with them. The full penalty was 40s. and costs, but in this case the defendant would have to pay 2s. 6d. A BOGUS DESERTER SENT TO GOAL. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Saturday morning, before Mr. J. Burgess and Mr. S. Wright, John Macdonald was charged with fraudulently pretending to be a deserter from Her Majesty's West Yorkshire Regi- ment, on Sunday.—Detective Sergeant Monaghan stated that at about 8 30 on Sunday evening he was in Butter- market-street in search of the prisoner on suspicion of stealing a shirt and he was arrested on that charge. When examined, nothing of an incriminating nature could be found upon him and he was told to go and went outside. About a quarter of an hour after prisoner came back and asked for his mate who was locked up for being a deserter, and said "I den% like to leave him, I am a deserter from the West Yorkshire." Prisoner was then locked up and on Saturday morning before Court he said he was not a deserter but had just come home from Dartmoor from doing three years for burglary. He , afterwards stated that he was not a deserter but had been dischatged (rain the army.—Detective-Inspector Spinks said he had interviewed the prisoner who said he was a ticket-of-leave man and reported himself a week ago at Manchester. His papers, he said, were at Man- chester, but he had not notified his intention of leaving that city when he came to Warrington. In Court the prisoner said that a fortnight the previous Thursday he reported himself in Manchester and the following day came to Warrington and then reported himself at Orford Barracks. He was not a deserter and was drunk at the time he made that statement.—Detective Monaghan said that defendant was quite sober and persisted in his state- ment though warned time after time.—He was committed to prison for 14 days' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Coun- cillor H. Roberta and Alderman Wright. 1 CLOVER STEALING.—A WARNING TO BABBITT OWNERS. —William Leigh (16), 19, Wackin-St.. and John Pember- ton (14), 28, Watkin-st., were charged with committing wilful damage to clover to the value of. 4s. and the pro- perty of Peter Norcott.—P.C. Turner stated that on the day in question he was in the neighbourhood of Manchester-road and saw the defendants in a clover field ' with the bundles of clover produced in Court. They were lying down in the field. Pe brought them down to the police station and got their names and addresses which he submitted to Mr. Norcott who took out sum- monses.—Mr. Norcott, Cemetery Farm, said the damage done was as stated and he had had a let of trouble through people stealing his clover, for some time.— A fine of 4s. 6d. including costs was imposed in each case. A PETTY SQUABBIE.—James Cliffe, 14, Foundry-street, was charged with using threats to Thomas George Morris. There was a cross-summons against Morris for ' using threats to Cliffe. Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins appeared for Cliffe and applied for a dismissal as the case was so paltry. Morris on his side refused to with- draw his charge and the evidence being heard, and a number of childish disclosures being made, the magis- trates eventually dismissed the charge, each side to pay its own costs. CRUELTY TO A. HORSE.—Frank Wilson, 68, New-road, was charged with working a horse while in an unfit con- dition on the 31st May ; William Warburton was charged , with causing it to be worked. Inspector Luff,R.S.P.C. A. said that at 8.30 on the evening of the 31st May he saw the animal drawing a cab and in charge of Wilson. Seeing that it was uneasy he examined it and found that its back was sore and inflamed. At his order the horse was taken out and had not been worked since.— Wilson did net appear. —The magistrates thought that the proprietor of the animal in cases of this sort should be held responsible and if possible summoned. As the Inspector had no evidence against Mrs. Kiernan, the • owner, the magistrates dealt leniently with defendants and fined each is. and costs. SATURDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess and Mr. S. Wright DESERTION—WiIIiam Ernest Blakemore was re- manded to Strangeways gaol for being a deserter from Her Majesty's 21st Hussars stationed at Canterbury, since May.—P.C. Clarke proved the case and was granted the usual reward. !rams ArrasyaTioN.—John Connor was charged with making a false attestation to the 3rd South Lancashire . Militia by stating he was unmarried whereas be had a wife.—Sergeant Simon, Orford Barracks, stated that he . had charged the defendant with being a married man with children. He denied both charges. The magis- trates sent Connor to gaol for one month's hard labour, that being the minimum penalty. The sergeant was granted the usual reward. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Mr. J. W. Hayward, and Alderman Harrison. His 75TH APPEARANCE.—DhnieI Crosby, Friars'-green, was charged with being drunk and disorderly oti Satur- day afternoon. Detective Monaghan said that the pri- soner was drunk in Bridge-sr., opposite Clare's Coffee House, and was causing a great disturbance. The Chief Constable said that this was the prisoner's 75th appear- ance.—He was sent to gaol for one month. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY—Peter EMMig 71, Birchall- st., was fined ss.and costs for being drunk in Ellesmere- et., on Saturday night • Elizabeth Lew, Pereivars-Fold, in Bridge-st., on Saturday night,discharged with a cau- tion ; John MeCone, Friars'-lane.in Mersey-st., on Satur- day night, ss. including costs ; John Fleaton, 3, Hill-st.. in Sankey-at., on Sunday night, ss. and costs ; Samuel Beckett, 35, Warburton-st., in Winwick-road, on June Bth, 2s. ed. ; Joseph Warburton, Richard Warburton, and Thomas Warburton, three brothers, in Winwick-st., on June 10, ss. and costs, or seven days. BREACH OF THE PEACE.—Joseph Miller, Wash-lan.,and William Fleming, Brick-st., were charged with fighting in Cockhedge-lane, on June Bth. P.C. Hollingsworth proved the case. It was stated that Miller had to act in self-defence, and he was accordingly dismissed. Flem- ing was bound over to keep the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the Met& A WELL KNOWN CHARACTER.—JuIia Ann Shields, 3, Pilling's-court, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Dial-st.,on Saturday night, and also with as- saulting Bridget Kimlin at the same time and place. P.C. Annson said that the defendant had assaulted Mullin so merely that she bccame unconscious. She was

===== 0002601_18950622_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18950622_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 22, 1895.

a well known character at the Police Court. Himlin was unable to be present that morning owing to the state of her health.—The magistrates sent the prisoner to gaol for rano month.

TUESDAY. —Before Mr. R. Garnett,Dr. T. S. Smitb,and

Mr. E. J. Guest..

SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following perBOtls were dealt with on the prosecution of Mr. George Riley, for neglecting to send their children regularly to school: —William Warburton, 101, Bewsey-read, fined 5.3..; Jane Kirkham, Hoyle-street, 23. 64. ; Daniel Craig, Litton's. row, 23.; J-imes Fogg, Birchall-street, 23. 64.; John Welsby, Port land-street, 23. 64.; William Lloyd, Hoyle- street, ordered to attend St. Ann's School ; Sophia Slater, Aiken-street, boy ordered to be sent to the " Clio "; Henry Dagnall, Nicholson-.street, 2s. 6d.

. . DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—CharIes Heaton, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Parker-st., aV6.30 on Monday evening.—P.C. Amson proved the case and it was stated that defendant had said he would like to go to gaol for one month to get himself clean. This he denied in Court and Mr. Garnett observed "when the drink is in the wits are out." Prisoner was fined ss. and costs or seven days' hard labour. APPLICATION FOR AMELIORATION OF MAINTENANCE ORDER.—Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, solicitor, applied on behalf of James Hackney, who was some time ago ordered to pay 15s. per week towards the maintenance of his wife, for an amelioration of the order, stating as a 1 reason that defendant's means were less than at the time of the order.—Mr. Browne who appeared to oppose the application on behalf of the wife stated that defend- ant's wages were the same. Defendant was at the time in arrears. Mr. Garnett, the chairman, said that after a private consultation with the wife they had agreed to lessen the order to 12s. per week. THORSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton and Lieutenant Colonel Ridgway. A SCHOOL ATTENDANCE Cam—William Dennett, Lord Nelson-street, was charged with not sending his boy regularly to school.—Mr. G. Riley prosecuted and stated that this was the 6th time the defendant had seen pros- ecuted for this boy. He asked that the lad might be committed to the Ship" Clio" where there was plenty of accommodation. Defendant, however, begged so hard for another chance and promised such complete reforma- tion that the magistrates adjourned the case for two months. At the end of that time if there was no improvement the boy would, they said, be immediately sent off.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS,

WEDNESDAT.—Betore Mr. J. White (chairman), Mr. S. R. Armitage and the Rev. G.T. Roberts. DRIVERS ASLEEP.—Reuben Wilson, Sankey, was fined 1O f,r being asleep whilst in charge of a vehicle on the 14th June ; John Dawson for a similar offence was fined ss. and costs.

_ Doos AT LARGE —Josiah Furness and Joseph Swain, were each fined 53. for allowing their dogs to be at large in Sankey. THROwING A SToNE AT A SisTEß.—Charles Daniels was charged with having assaulted and beaten his sister,Mrs. Margaret Silcor-is, en the 15th June, in Penketh.—Mr. Longton, solicitor, prosecuted for the complaint, and said that his client at the present time was living with her parents at Penketh and apart from her husband.On Saturday night when complainant was about to retire for the night knocks were heard at the door. No answer being given to a query as to who was there,complainant called her brother Albert, and the two went to the bed- room window, from which they saw defendant and Mr. Silcock, complainant's husband. Some conversation en- sued and it culminated in defendant throwing a stone up at the window, which, after grazing the shoulder of Albert Daniels, struck his sister on the left temple caus- ing her to lose consciousness and bleed very much. Mr. Longton said that hit client wanted protection against defendant. —Albert Daniels corroborated, and Edwin Daniels who was called on behalf of defendant admitted that the latter threw the stone.—The Bench bound de- fendant over to keep the peace towards his sister for six months in his own surety of £2O and one other of £lO. AN APPRENTICE'S MiscoNDucT.—William Wilkinson, Penketh, claimed through Mr. Percy Dtvies, the sum of 30s. from Thomas Warburton, his apprentice, who had absented himself from work. Defendant was ordered to pay £1 to complainant, and go back to his work, and pay the costs. REFUSING TO Quir.—Patrick Donohue was charged with having on the sth Stptember refused to quit licensed premises in Newton when requested.—Thomas Robinson and a Constable stated that defendant Was drunk on the date and would not leave the premises of the" Newmarket Hotel." A fine of 203. and costs was imposed. A CANAL BOAT OWNER SUMMONED —George Hooton, was charged with having on the 16 h May, allowed the cabin of a canal-boat in his possession to be in a defec- tive condition.—lnspector Kerfoot stated that the room was wet and had an accumulation of water in it. De- fendant wat tined st. and cotts. AN OLD OFFENDER.—Alexander finsworth, who has so often been prosecuted for sleeping out, was again brought up for that offence committed in Rixton. He had no defence to offer as usual, and was remanded to the Workhouse for 14 days. INTEMPERANCE.—George and Thomas Welsby were each fined 53. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Croft on the 14th June.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. brnes__Handley (chairman), and

Mr. F. J. Norman:

TRANSFER OF LICENSE.—James Woodrow was granted permission to sell at the Millstone Inn, Runcorn, in place of William SkilHoorn.

. . A Doc; OWNER IN TROUBLE.—Elizabeth Maddock, Hardley-street, was summ,ned for having on the 29th May kept a dog without a license, and further with allowing it to be at large in Hardley-street. The defend- ant stated that the animdl was her son's dog. She was not aware that the Muzzling Order was in force. The Chairman stated that she could not have been ignorant of the fact that it was necessary to obtain a license. She would be fined 10s, and costs for keeping the dog without a license, and ss. including costs for allowing it to be at large.?„ CHIMNEY ON FlRE.—Henry Lawson, Grindrod Square, was summoned for allowing the chimney of his dwell- ing-house to be an fire.—Mr. Percival, nuisance inspec- tor, Appeared on behalf of the Runcorn Urban Council.— P.C. Richardson proved the case and the defendant was fined sa. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for neslecting to cause their children to at- tend school regularly :—Arthur Haddock, Surrey-street; Job ; William Cavaanah. Gilbert-st. ; William Ellis, Heath-road ; Jane Harvey, English Row; John Preston, Gan-st. ; Michael Phillips, Grindrod Square; and James Dalton, Loch-st.—Mr. Thomas Bow- yer, schoal attendance officer, prosecuted.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPOSERS AND THEIR LITTLE WAYS.

Wilhelm Kienzl,the musical composer, is also a litt&a- teur. He has written under the above caption an in- teresting article which has just appeared in a recent number of the " Neuen Deutschen Rundschau." We can only reproduce a small portion of it, but this will suffice to judge Kienzl as a writer. He says : "To get into the right mood Sarti needed a large room lighted softly with but one lamp. Pier composed his largest works (Sargino, Achilleus) while talking to strangers quarelling with his wife, punishing his children, or con- tending with servants. Salieri walked through the most frequented quarters of the city with slate and pencil.to be able to note at once seme happy impression ; he was always chewing candy. Gluck, in order to translate himself to Tauris or Erebus, wanted the fresh air of the meadow, flooded in sunshine and sipping champagne. Cimarosa preferred to work while in joyous company surrounded by noise. In this way reputed his " tiecret Marriage," and this is a reminder of Mozart —wh.a wrote his exquisite E flat major trio for piano, clarinet, and viola in a bowl- ing alley during a lively game of ninepins ; hence the name Bowling Alley trio (liegelstatt trio.) by which the composition is often called—or of Schubert, who wrote the sketch of most of his dances and sons in the inn in the midst of a cheerful crowd. Paesiello composed only when in bed. According to Schindler, it was in the bath tub at early morn. where Beethoven re- ceived his highest inspirations. Zingarelli, who com- posed while sitting at the piano, always sought previous inspiration by reading some church work or Latin poet; after that his work progressed with giant strides. Haydn oat prietly in his chair thinking, but it was indispens- able that a ring given him by Frederick 11. was on his finger, so that his thoughts should become clear. Vari- ous are the accounts of how decided inspirations were begotten for the composition of some works. Carl Czerny reports that Beethoven received his musical idea for the scherzo of the Ninth Symphony from the chatter of the sparrows in the garden. Another version has it that Beethoven sat long into the night in the open air, when the thousands of glittering lights gave him the idea of the scherzo. It is told of Weber that he received his inspiration for the march in " Oberon "by seeing in a beer garden chairs piled one on the other ! Goldmark is said to have been impressed by the song of a lark at Carlsbad for the singular and bewitching call of Astaroth in the second act of his Queen of Sheba." These mat- ters are not to be laughed at. Extravagant as they seem they contain elements that make them important.

WHAT CAN CUTICURA DO FOR CHILDREN ? Everything that is cleansing, purifying, and beautify- ing for the skin, aralp, and hair of infants and children, the CIITICIURA REMFDIES will do. They afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure in the most torturing of itchine and burning ecz.mas. They clear the skin of the most di.fiviting of humours. They clPanse the scalp of dandruff, scales, and crusts, and restore the hair. They purify the blood of simple, scrofulous, and hereditary humours. Everything about them inspires confilence. They are absolutely purr, and may be used from the moment of birth. They are <predy, economical, and unfailing. Parents, think of the lifetime of suffering often entailed by lack of early treatment. Begin now. Cures made in infancy and childhood are almost invariably permanent.

Everybody wonders hnw the Pearson Pottery Cordpanv Hanley, can sell 100 pieces of croc'4ery for one guinea is). Get a post card at once, and send for list. A beauti- fui dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes Bse.' AC. Everrody pleaPurably surprised. All for one euinea. If you wish to save money, write to the PARSON Formai Co., Hanley, for particulars.-44t.

M^THERS.—Mret. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childrer whge teething with perfect success. It a ill relieve the pone sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and th little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of at Chemists, 11.10. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

CASTLE RUBBER WI:IB%Si " WORKS " v. OFFICE.—This I friendly match took place on the Castle ground on Sat- urday, the Works winning on the first innings by 12 runs. Score : , " OFFICE " IST INNINGS). Robson c Chapman b Lally 0 Cosgrove b Hayes Hayes b McCue 7 Swarbrick b Jewkes Jewkes iD Lally 2 Bos,ow lbw b Jewkes 3 R Lloyd b Lally Walker b Lally 0 McCue c Jewki-s b Hayes 11 W Lloyd b McCue Whittaker c Lally b McCue 2 Creaghan b Jewkes 4 Tickle b McCue 9 Cross c Robson b R Lloyd 7 Scott c and b McCue 0 Leigh b Tickle Perry not out 0 Fairbrother not out 1 Pharoah c Cross b Lally 0 Lally b Hayes , Extras 3

Total 2l. Total 33 .. OFFICE " (2ND INNINGS) Hobson b McCue 0 Haves b Lally Jewkes lbw b McCue 3 . 12 Lloyd b Lally 3 Walker run out 1 W Lloyd c Chapman b McCue 1 Tickle b Mc, ue Scutt c McCue b Lally 3 Perry run out Pharo.l3 not out Whittaker did not bat Extras 3

Total 2B

Sr. LUKE'S v. SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYANS' (2ND)..... This match was played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and resulted in a win for St. Luke'sa. Armstrong doing splendid bowling, taking eight wickets for nine runs. Scare : WESLEYANS% ST. LUKE'S. 3 Roderick b Armstrong ... 4 3 Fay b Morrell l7 Cottersll lbw b Armstrong 0 W Ray C and b Roderick 4 Jowett e Conk b Armstrong 2 3 Armstrong a Pember- Morrell b Armstrong 4 ton b Cotterall Tongue b Armstrong 4 Mather run oat 9 Hi hley a Graham b Ray... 0 Warburton b Cotterall Roderick b Armstrong 3 Graham b Morrell 0 Pemberton b Armstrong ... 1 Hall a Roderick b Morrell 2 Catalan b Armstn,ng Jones c Graham b Ray 1 Cotterall 4 Pritchard not out Cotterall 3 R Armstrong b Cotterall 0 Wright not cut 0 Extras 1 Extras 4

Total SANKEY WESLEYANS V. PENXETH WESLEYAN& —Played at Liverpool-road, on Saturday. Score : SANKEY WIPLEYANS. PENKETH WESLEYAN& Beaman is Wilkin.on b Dunabin b Llewellyn 0 Bowyer Clare b Barlow 9 H Barlow b Llewellyn ... 7 11 Roderick run out Taylor o Seed b Appleton 10 P Wilkinson b Llewellyn 7 Booth retired hurt 5 B Wilkinson b Llewellyn 1 sudlow run out Light c E.Wilkinson b Apple. A Barlow not out 5 ton Pritchard b E Wilkinson... 0 Lewis o sub b Llewellyn 0 Llewellyn b B iws er Entwistle bEI Wilkinson... 1 Bennett not out Exiras 7 Extras

Total 7l Total GRAPPENHALL Sr. WILFRID'S v. ARLEY PARK — Played at Granoenhall on Saturday. Score . ARLEY. OR APPENHALL. Smith at Radtord b Jae Burrows b Smith 9 Brierlev Ireland c Carter bFenton 2 A Evans b Ireland H Orton b Jas urrows... 29 Taylor run out 9 Nelson lbw b Fenton 0 Smith b Ireland Hughes b Jai Burrows ... 0 Brierley b Irel,nd G Orton c Taylor b Brier- Fenton b Ireland lee Beswick b Jas Burrows 3 Cur en at Hughes b Smith 0 .1 Orton b Taylor 3 Wicks b Ireland King c Carter b Taylor... 5 Jana Burrows not out Dennis not out 4 Taylor st Radford bFenton 3 Extras 4

Extras l6

_ Total 121

Total 5B

GARNETT'S PENKETII WORKS V. SANKEY-STREET WORKS. —Played on Saturday. Score : PENIEFTII. SANKEY-STREET. Holmes lbw h Bloom&Id... 3 Lea c Holmes b Gaudy— 0 Yesrs'ey a Bloomfield b Brown b King 3 Lea ... 3 11, 14 Garnett c and b Gandy b Johnson . King c Bloomfield b Lea ... 25 }rubbed b Ashton Rodgers b Bloomfield 1 Bloomfield b Ashton Ashton b P Garnett Shipman c Lea b Bloom- Mclver b Gandy field 1 Rvans b King Winstanley c Garnett b Johnson b King Lea Smith c Hubbert b Bloom- Bmson c Winstan.ey b field 4 Gandy 1 _ _ _

White c Hubbert b Johnson 4 Holden not out Extras l5

Extras 9

Total

Total 51

BUCKLEY-STREET S.S. Y. CASTLE RUBBER WORKS.— Played on Saturday on the groond of the former, the home team winning easily by 43 runs. F. Leech and Flinchtiff bowled exceedingly well for the winners, the former taking eight wicket for five runs, and also aCcom. plished the " hat trick " twice in two successive nvers, the latter taking two wickets for the small cost of three runs. G. Hall aid good service with the hat for the home team. makine. a total of 1.4 runs :—Srorp

RIMISFR WORKS. BUCICLItv-STREET. Hunter c Hall b F Leech ... 0 G Pugh 0 Leigh b Ditch- Lee ht wkt. b Hinchliffe... 0 6.1 d Pond a Spruce b Hlneb iffe 5 Addison b Hunter Leigh e Addison b It Leech 0 Finnic.; c and is 9itchfield 0 Ditchfield not out Mather et Addison b F Looker b Hunter 3 Leech Hardman lbw b F Leech Finnerty is F Leech SwarArlek is F Finch 0 7 Leech is Hunter White h F Le,rh 0 %in tw-s not lit 8 Critchley is F Leech Extras 0 Extras 6

Total

Total 6:

EIYNCORN TRINITY V. HOUGH GREEN (2ND ELEVEN). Played on Saturday. Scores : TR,NTTY. 110IIGT1 GREEN. Aakera h W .thin Ra4c'life b Williams Bradley b Warhan Gleave c Harrison b Wit- Jones hit wkt b Radcliffe 4 Fame Pendlebcry o Lewis b Wil- Walk... c Clarke b Rad- llama Marsh.' Warhan b Williams 13 Wil i'MIR b Marsh 2 TI kb e at. walker 6 Tehhutt h marsh Ciarke b Williams _ __ . .

ach not, out Littler lsWflhlame Hall c and b Warhan 0 Extras 6 Extras

Total Rm./corm v. GATEACRE.—PIayed at Runcorn, on Saturday. Score% :

Total 3l

- GATE&CRE. 11171WenRN. Houghton b Crag g 4 Wtlght h Blundell E B Haddock b Abrams... 10 Gcrleb Blundell T.arge 11 Cragg 0 Adams c and b B Had- B 8 Haddock b Abrams 1 dock 0 Renton run out Lott b Craglr 0 Blundell Jackson run out Leek b Abrams Eb,ndell c Warder b Crngg 0 Warder b Blundell Trowghton not not Carter c Jeacock b Abrams 0 Booth bl 4 Haddnck 8 Orme b Blundell Cragg not out Extras 3 Extras 8

Total

Total 42

RIINCOBN JIINIOII6 Y. WINDLE (ST. HELF/49).—P1aVed at St. Helens on Saturday, in lovely weather. Windle won by one run. The fielding left nothing to be de- sired, Carruthers especially being in good form. Score : RUNCORN. WINDLE. Wright b Stanley Buxton b Hyde 2 trail Cattrall run out Rtanway b Stanley Pernett b Hyde ... 'Mice c Mather b Hyde ... 6 Moyle Curt out Coda b Stanley Carruthers c Rigby b Hyde 5 T Hyde a Cattrall b 11 Pettley b Stanley 4 Moores 6 Moores c Rigby Is Hyde ... 0 T Aigby c Wright b Yates not out Whiten Yates h Cattrall 0 S'ocombe b Yates 2 Williams not out 7 Naylor b Moores Extras 6 Extras

Total 33 Total EARLESTOWN V. Cazirraem.—Played at Earlestown on Saturday. Score :

EARLESTOWN.

R W ninefaTisnifiler b G linaband c D eppe b Huddieston T TT Sinclair e Nokes b G W Dennis a Langstaff b Clare If M Warriner b Clare ...... 3 Miller e Warriner b 0 Langstaff b Clare W Parker b 11nridleston ... 6 W 14 Nokes c Parker b W H Allen e Miller b Clare 8 Dieppe 0 0 Ti Bolton c Sanders b T Werth b Parker 0 __

. Clare 0 H Shsrp b Clare 4 IP P Clare b Parker 0 G Fraser c Mitchell b T Bsrker not out Clare P G nieppe not out - W Tinker b Clare T Mitch .11 b Allen Extras

Total 153

Total ' 7B

===== 0002601_18950622_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18950622_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING

HALTON V. SARACENS' HEAD (WILDERSPOOL.)-.- The members of the Norton Arms Club, Halton journeyed per waggonette, on Saturday, to the Saracen's Head. Wilderspool, to play a friendly game at bowls, 15 double 13 single up, with the following result : SARACEN'S HEAD. HALTON. S. D.

J Jolley A Sutton 13 _ _

S. D. ,3 W Swipe 13113 G Boot h

13

10 15 J Horton

H Arnold W Whitfaker J Payton A Jones linscow

H Helsby 'l5 J Carter J Reynolds 7 ,15 F Heywood A Gee

J Caldwell l3 H Brown H Holland .. J Broadhurst

12 .15 T Dawson J Smith .15 J Dolton (a Ttain) F Jescock _

F Munn l3 G .7,..fferles 8 H Fogg W Thomas

T Haines 15 H Barker J Roegerson .15 A Dutton

_Total _ 177 118

Totql 166 90

. The Saracen's Read team thus won by 39 points. WARRINGTON LEAGUE. RED LION v. CEMETERY HOTEL.—The teams represent- ing the above clubs met in the opening game of the season's campaign on the green attached to the Red Lion, Stockton Heath, on Saturday, when the Cemetery team secured their first victory by 20 points, The fol- lowing are the individual scores:—

RPM LION. T Ellison G Ball, junior T Bolton 3 T Bridge _ _ _ _ _

CEMETERY.

Ball. senior R Farrington Hewitt W Wood D Briinelow captain W Barton H Williams J Allison Rothwell

15 A N ()Tiler 13 W Rathbone 14 G Brown l5 12 W Mclntyre , 15 14 H Broady 15 J Heaketh 15 IF Brady 7 15 T Broady 7 15 T Heeaom

Total 150 Total 130 Mr. R. Bennett (Liberal Club) officiated as Referee

FRAUDS IN THE DISTRICT CAUTION.— Where imitation or mimicry goes no further than fair play, there is something to be said in its defence. It argues a certain humility of mind that a person should acknowledge himself incapable of originality, and it is better te follow humbly a beaten track than to do nothing. In some other ways, however, imitation is an unpardonable crime. Where some great discovery has benefited thousands of people, and is being sought after by all on the account, it is a cruel swindle for anyon- ignorant of the true discovery to foist upon unsuspecting people something resembling it in name or outward show, but worthless in comparison with the true inven- tion. Of courre the worse example of fraudulent imita tioo in this sense is the fabricating of pretended medl- eines, useless in themselves, on the strength of a super- ficial resemblance to a known remedy. such imitators literally juggle with lifeand death. This journal has, in common with all the newspapers of this part of the country, published during the last two years a number of remarkable cases, in which apparently dying persons have been cured by the dis- cevery published under the name of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and a large number of persons suffering from various disordors have sought the same remedy. Advantage has, unfortunately,, been taken o this demand to play upon the innocence of the sufferersf by offering a Substitute for Dr.Williams' Pink Pills. It is important that the futility of such imitations should be publicly known. Any retailer or detailer who:pretends to have "the same thing " as Dr. Williams' Pink Pills is trying to cheat the customer. Anyone who tries to sell Dr. Williams' Pink Pills loose or in bulk is trying to sell a worthless thing under false pre tences. The genuine Pills are never sold in that way. Anyone who says he can prepare the formula himself says what is not true: no one can possibly know what is no Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, or divine the new curative principle that they contain. Not long since a so-called analysis of Dr. Williams' was published—it was an ab- solute failure, and entirely failed to show the composi- tion of this important remedy. Another point is that " cheaper" substitutes for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a self-confessed fraud. There Is no subsitute at any price ; but in no event could Dr. Williams' formula be sold cheap. The composition does not admit of it. But the price at which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold, and their extraordinary curative effects, make the cost very low indeed compared with other remedies or medical treatment.

As a final word the public should be warned against the statement sometimes made that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are identical with the well-known French Pbarma- copceia remedy, Bland's Pill. Anyone who says so manifests the most ludicrous ignorance Gf the very ele- ments of pharmacy, and the public will be well-advised not to run the risk of buying medicine in any form from a self-confessed incompetent. When any difficulty is experienced in obtaining Dr.Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, in wooden tube, with pink wrapper and the full name printed in red ink outside and in ; or wherever doubt is felt as to the genuineness of the goods supplied, the public are invited to apply direct to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., for supplies, which will be sent post free at 2s. 9d. a box,or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY TRAGEDY ON A YORKSHIRE MOOR.

A MOTHER AND CHILD MURDERED AND BURIED. On Thursday morning a double murder of the most de- liberate character came to light at Helmsley,near Thirsk, when the bodies of a Mrs. Hudson and her child were found buried on the moor about four miles from Helmsley.. The circumstances of the crime,so far as they have been elucidated, show that about three weeks ago a man named Robert Hudson, with his wife and child, obtained lodgings with Mrs. Holmes, at Bondgate, Helmsley, the former explaining that he wished to show his wife the natural beauties of the district, of which he was a native. The Hudsons, who were ap- parently on very friendly terms, took frequent drives over the moors, but Mrs. Hudson complained that the spots visited were very lonely. On Saturday, June 8, at nine o'clock in the morning, the Hudsons I left Bondgate, and the woman and child were not seen afterwards. Hudson himself returned later in the day and told Mrs. Holmes that his wife and child were going to remain with his aunt at Elovineham until Monday. He was going to join them at Hovinghatn, and they would return to Bond gate on Monday,on which day be invited Mrs. Holmes to j in them in a drive over the moors. Mrs. Holmes remarked that hehad better take the child's clothing with him, and he proceeded to the room to fetch it. When he had left the house it was found that he had not taken the garments, but had strewn his wife's and child's clothing about the apart- ment. On the Monday Mrs. Holmes and her daughter dressed themselves for the anticipated drive, but the Hudsons did not arrive. On Tuesday Mrs. Holmes received a letter signed "Mrs. Hudson," and written in pencil, requesting that her belongings should be for- warded to Darlington,as something had happened which prevented them returning to Helmsley. Mrs. Holmes fully believed that the letter was from Mrs. Hudson until Friday night last, when the deceased's sister from Sheffield arrived at Mrs. Holmes's house, bringing with her a letter written in lead pencil from Mr. Hudson in which he explained that his wife had gone away with a little money in her possession with a Helmsley man. Suspicion being aroused, the deceased's sister, a cousin, and Mrs. Holmes drove to Hovingham to see the aunt, who stated that the Hudsons had not been there, but they were expected to arrive on Saturday morning. The deceased's sister and cousin proceeded to Darlington and visited Mr. Hudson's parents, and were shown the clothing which Mrs. Holmes bad forwarded, and which had been washed and rut away. They could not, how- ever,get any information regarding the Hudsons. The excitement was great on the return of the sister and cousin to Helmsley, and several people determined on Saturday to make a search on the moors. Among them was a gamekeeper named Robert Baker. His search for a long time was futile, and he decided to go as far as Helmsley and get something to eat, and ascertain if any other person in the search party had made any discovery. About three miles from Helmsley he met three men, one of whom named Tyerma s told him that while repairing a road he sat down to take a meal at a certain part of the moor and saw IS hole dug under a clump of trees. only about twelve yards from the moor road. To the point thus indicated the search party lost no time in going, and on reaching the place they found that the hole had been filled up. A hooked stick was put into the ground, and the covering soil being only about three inches and a half deep the body of the baby was dragged out. The earth was again pierced with the stick, and one of the limbs of the mother was uncovered. It was then determined to communicate with the police, who on arriving unearthed the bodies and found a large carving- knife on the breast of the woman. Hudson is supposed to be about 23 years of age and Mrs. Fludson 25, while the child was about a year old. The throats of both the victims bad been cut, and the clothing of Mrs. Hudson bad been torn, as if there had been a struggle. The two bodies were taken to the Union Workhouse Mortuary at ' Helmsley to await an inquest,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

-- VoLusiTEnn OFFICERS' SHOOTING COMPETITION. At the competition for the silver cup which took place at Abner on Saturday, the winner was CaPt. Buckton, who scored 66 points. The scores were as follows :—Captain Buckton, 66; Captain Barleth 65; Colonel Ridgway, 57; Captain J. D Fairclough, 57; Lieutenant Fairclough, 56; Captain CoorleY. 32; Lieutenant Fletcher, 27 ; Captain Appleton,24 : Captain Ridgway, 23. THE WARRINGTON MILITIA TRAINING. On Monday morning about 300 recruits for ketry instruction belonging to the 3rd an rat %a ° Battalion ot the King's Liverpool Militi3 sr sembled at the Barracks at Orford, awl Ifril the afternoon left by special train from Ballb; Quay Station for Altcar, where they willdie encamped for a month. They will be joined °n let July by the main body of the regiment. Tb:: men, who were headed by the band of the regiwel.k. were under the command of Major the Hon. t, Maxwell. There were 14 other officers Pre,sli including Major Sir F. W. Synge and Captain H. Tripp. _ BELL RINGERS AT ORAPPENHALTAWC for The ringers of Grappenhall Church let practice on Saturday night a peal of 720 Vicitte which ehev ntii enht heeTdsr service Treble they the eoos bells,stood 0. 0: , dui i: h_daeal Fs3 followingo, i 7 Bf2o Treble Bob, in 23i minutes. This is the firi“ itcti far m orotxheforridngveresbie aannd ,rig Wne; ; third, Thomas ll ; fifth, Frederick (conductor) ; sixth, John W. Booth. T. fourth, Samuel Horsta $131.10, T nor lvw 2 e ' 7. t, Jan iv: sag M Burro second, George Lewis t:len Wradreint i !

named Mr. THoenAryCY jact.rousgT. aidAeacyactlis6t6n,a Manchester-road, who re' Bridge street on his bicycle he cwaan:elltig°°°llL°llg.e:ksttiset: 1 with a horse and trap belonging to Mrs. P5-15tithe, of. the Saracen's Head Hotel, WildergpoCh, Aso thrown, violently to driver being a man named Reeves. Toe eilialaki 6 b d itB releasediwmt its sv body.ery f much oWumei thht 1 dl seao damaged broken ptoarttheogf ahe gaef difficultydt s ,wrtoaa, huns endrde bmttinhoosee‘vn oepd 1 removed. .0i bear esa: caul ;::.., r: want:tide:co Mr. Rough ton e-caped with but slight bruises; ' . DurFinAg"tOtiFe Aople"rßaßtiEoLNoTof SaotoNiersYlv-ostrautotlolviteint:t., . were engaged in work of carrying out theg ~1-ice)f- ' ions of the Park Committee to improve '''';-, for ' tstreet, an occurrence took place which it W:Were, . unate had no serious con,equences. Tl'e,,,,airio • engaged in felling a large tree, immediately "At the the old wall, and near to the west gate. 'Wh,„„e-rari trunk had been almost severed, the tree, c",:ittseo fell towards the Ntreor, knocking a to l the intentions at d expectations of the w°' rOs ' partial ?Art, a " l wall down, and obstructing the greate! P,",, ate the thoroughfare by its blincht:s. It is Or:"Jajaed thatdea l no ofFotuttNahi le rt,t3aAictoo i OtdirelenTattioirße7tUL. arArt: occurred, 1,1 eaDsu, time.th ge there Le ev: :0 1 d, Fortune The remains of the late Dr. - °ever who died fawn concer on ThurdaY friaaget ing at his residence, Latchford tv ea were laid to rest in the Warrington Ce°3t,°-"vre! Monday afternoon. 'the deceased geule'o, WO' held in the highest esteem by almost, everPoid- whom ha had come into personal contact, an"hrota: ences of respect were very numerous at 146'"' ease° The funeral cortege 4.• ft the residence of the deco;rar gentleman at about 20, and arrived at thr:uro' 1 tery at. three. The c ffin was hidden beneet",-;elit 1 fusion of beautifully desi stied if iral off'ri°,°tyite, ' by many relatives and friends. 'I he buti'" 7,fif 0 : was conducted by the e' .B. B. Prescott. ":„•That Christ Church, slioncloctabtpentabopoir,rßeitizrpnaHc•Belotifcao :Igo._ nuwmoettrottutsvgGamt haeNr. .ArTs 10/1;; . The members and friends of the - rdai spent an enjoyalle tme in the hall on held ol i night. A gospel t-mperance meeting was pa Sundayi night in the usual place at tilleaceivised, ewsey-street, Mr. J. D ury pre-ided, an workmen to go in for p'enty of good beef, lc tito the publicans who did not work hard Pictioa bdwrohinneekos . atee(maL ay, lite] grhathnite,cerpe.o)ivroMrokr. wJM.ars.ll jc.ogornb.yairldei nieefleyende:tabiyBd ettoht ofiffio oaseven reowiii arnkiwsi tnegrrems aeaenna (litthe Preston al 1 the cI e rid, d °WS t ark° te,brairokcabouosee, ofhttihtell°olvled.ierg profession were on their side. And soon W f tbe ' men would by the Veto 8.11 be the masters public-houses in th ir midst. levra.LLY trivr __ . SCALDED EY DRINICINO ...---„,,r,e1:1, . Mr. S. Brighouse, (O jury v coroner, coo,"'-ingtoo Inquiry on Saturday miming, at the i''' erfc'h, the Infirmary, relative to the death of Mark 5a1...1-ideate '• two year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Soaith, Art% ad! .' of 6, Dale-street.—The testimony Of %%lathe" mother and brother awl of Nurs- 11,11, sllo,"'"h'ed Or on the previous -Monday night the child elfal':„,pott on a chair to the tilde, and, lifting uo the ''spotit - which was nearly full of scalding tea, pat el:, tbe°, to his mouth. Go drank son3e , ,‘,. tea ant began to cry. The mother, ia.':-Iliag P" what had taken pace, strceeded in P4ellin a. bee° child, but next morning saw that he tuaa-faisti, scalded. She, t her-fore, took him to the,'""l-_,Tite , where on the ev,minv, of that day he eXPlre'"„t ale Coroner remark. d that the doci•oi certified that the ienhhiladiabtaiadndoierdofpra ram —The to, of " accidental death." THEFT FROM A WARRINGTON 190E0, AT 1 At Liverpool. stle, 6 ' LIVERPOOL FlardCaa wdat On Fr,,lti . from_37o un stealing young the a°,:beiaio,2l.l7lol,vao7 e rof articles, aVg' e;Wtrhay: CV ha inlitlf e01:41 lYnaalltwoßLStm,at.fid,)nmnen it, )ourrsdz afternoon nee° e f.,i,„) ,zub-iti,45,0 be' Fisher, the co rn pla i n .;it iMrs.n7toe loectinnt7rilliil3eleradati trbea' 1:1' -Aviee'ersa:ilf°CllD- ' longs to Warrinqtnn, left the propertY in darilig n the waiting r,om for a few minutes, 11,n;„`,1 101 nostillosattrita.oenietnterval an a-sistant in the WO hø 6'.A tdu rhtnahidn" prisonergtoa hifanv eti tli:chnreetdaerrotrtho.temh, 1 :fr°iasrP.oaanrefterhmwt;r 81 aill ir'!'ml: tinieitli ive' swhi?fothneotvhadg litrhid., articles in ,A, ~ , Annie Blwett, th.portraisioiwnearviwntanirgleroom.s:lsvvveintli" accosted her. The prisoner then struck ~`"„r ---Pf'; the bag, and tlrew it and the parcels at "-tii - soner now said she wis drunk at the time, %sot very sorry for what she NO dons.--She vtao gaol for ono month with hard labour. A g ad A number nosfrot ..tst hOOF t A TECHNICAL CL-%--,Eit'fir P iron and steel CIRAAPS itifliCeOnTltgßP°Cf titnh:Weilhint'll'iffeasei: cal institute drove to Hon Green on S ',taloa; f' " , ~, noon accompanied by their instructor, Mr;,,,as 0": Raddock. le IC. as guest. The route tak`4l Vie° Lyn:,m and Bueklow Gil, and the weathe tk rl, i 6 all that could he es r• d the rite throug"/boilo 00 d beautiful part of Che.hire was very pleasant. thee, er witli near R,stherne the pirty Blighted fr°3l and walked over to this picturesque vhillageooYe its charming surr nindings, meeting t„.e4 ill at s ance again a ow.kiow Hill. They artiVc • ...beR ; H Kilton o D tel. on Green, at five o'clock, ^lt .substantial ten, provided by Mr via' I-s. P'll,: ofi i ‘9 dalfil heartily enjoyed After tea bowling 0 , in, and later in the evening Mr. Stansfi-ld. th . the beeouded' student, in enlogi tl,i terms propoq"d the guest,to which Mr.Ruddock feelinklY re6Pstage; Songs were sung by NI osqrp' Reddisheen I% Tl';cipte;„ . Arn°s'Acorde; field, Cook. A vote of thank s having b," those students whp had arranged the Picol',, , nine return journey was commenced atafter 6 arriving in Warrington at ten . enjoyable outing. Nos DEVELOPMENT OF ATLANTIC PAS"- TRAFFIC. Volettge a On Saturday the riverside stati for on P 001 et‘d to and from America waQ npened in Live!Plau sr6ditit now passengers can be taken almost to to°.flers stages. In addition to this, the AMeri n l efti geOgeta now brought to the tending stage end PabSe. tflifelf to can embark and debark without having no)? clo out on a tender RA heretofore. A large C1°4,7 1 V/6:. Ironwork in connection with the undertakil aou manufactured and .erected by the Pe..,61 Weft; Knowles Coal and Iron company Limitoo ° htirO'' rington, consisting, of the following :—Virr°tlOft' ty roof for the new Atlantic station,77oft.lo4 brldge 7in. span ; wrought iron lattice as • ta for 60ft• opening between the Prince.:;,,,. widt„ and Princes Doek (length over all 1:80...: ,t„tiae girder swirl Iftlrle 29ft.) ; covering over (timer of Prince's 1,1049'`f00. Dock, consi,ating of mail lattic3 girder, ' .4ates ' long by Egt Bin door); or,,sa girders and ilia yre tO covering ov•-r c ,rner ~f Prince's t"cic siva' "total above, but main lattir"..drder 102 feet lOrclllerY. weight of ironwork. 790 tons. The first ".:. the 189.7, 0 of ironwork was made on February 14th, Ws p whole f the v7/4 40,1gb' last on May 22 ,d, and tli o 1 1 - erected complete on Vas 27th. The work that re" out was done in R. bn4ine4-liko rnarinf:rg.to BeCtS enri.iti.riihl.-. ,tedit no,n niir locco "' .---,--4 l• tcto'Ais,..besnahheipyrgeyetnniern.r,gs,,:77g4.s77enincir,flyis h ainiiiitflto..ttit gives this I ft s comes ii:XtiCLISoi fv ; oastei3a)nd ensures health, "0" i

===== 0002601_18950622_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
igao 1:1`.11:1'

===== 0002601_18950622_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
thoni 414 elv, 65 , IN 1 .14 44 Ire.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lAi, ...kik , ,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
It' 0 a at:

===== 0002601_18950622_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ML WAY TIME rf_B BLE. JUNE FROM WARRINUTON TO 4t01,1 Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 1045, 1 5.), 2 35, 5 15, 5 35, 4undays 10 15 a m• 'tear and sinthouse.--7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15. a 40, 665 'Sun tays 9 35. 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requtrea. Irrningham (L & N -111.)30.a3 23, 7 10.9 50, 14 0, 1 50.3 11, 6.720, 11 35. Sundays 30.3 23,10 15. 4 21,11 35. a Sdou- 011.1v. "Ilundos excepted. tlEnughain Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 1152 , , • Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 pin. sekburn-249, 520 5 45, 8 33. 9 55, 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 'LB VI 10 2. Sundays 843,60. i4NOOI-5 20, 545, 835, 955. 100, 11 40, 12 35, 225, '414, 17, 47, 102. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. '4ll-2 45, 8 25, 9 19. 100, .0 43. 14 14, 3 20. 4 21, 6 25, • 9 8 sun,lays 7 40 a.m., 5 0. p.m. 13arlisle-2 40 520 545 10 0 11 40 225, 348. Sundays 45 • , , ,

I,ster-730a. 7 42, 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52,3 17, 11. 64,7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, a.m. 7 45, 4iiircZondays and Sadurdays only. 8: vesll-7 10. 8 20. 10 6, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55. 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. 83 23, 7 10, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 311, 1135. Sundays 30. 323. 10 15,4 20, utdays excepted. bMondade only. Als e'burY-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, 318 44, 7 45 p.m. rs:(lllidland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 5 0, 11 53, 4,1 Y 11 45 a.zn., 4 25 P.m• 14.'348t1"1-5 45. 710, 825. 8 35, 10 43, 127, 12 35. 115. . T 6 20.7 8, 9 15, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 8 43, al b. *saturdays only. 0.520, 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 1015, tddle,; 9 45 p.m. 1,54 j'errY Pent-7 38. 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 25, radol'ab .948. Sundays 48, 2 40, 7 50. !,101454-7 44, 9 5. 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, us, • Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p. Ills 210 (elleShirt, Line,l-7 12. 7 56, 831. 95, 12 0, n4„O, 6 10, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays 155R0w4"5,;e1395 ex depted. LdEtyB24 4O. 520, 9 55, 11 40, 1235. 225. 3 48, 10 10. %bon; a.m. 9 45: r• -17'45. 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays 5 35. 7 17, 910 10 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. 9-reen-712, 756 1 31, 95, a 9 30.12 0, 1 5,2 10.4 0, 1.1 79, 80 a 9 30, alo 20. Sunday 1.), 918., aMondays and Saturdays only. Leland' ted. Haps eadishead (Central)- 70, 755, 8 16, 70,9 15 kailf. "4. 10 22. 32 I 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. 11), 15td-Froul Arpley Station-6 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, Lda,„2 36, 1 16. 3 38. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45, 0 13. 1,40 8,60. 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. % ki5,8.4,(1';,& 1,4,r N.-.)-5 25. 7 10, 840, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, "60 8g "20 78, 1020. Sundays 520, 835, 843, 328. From High Level Platform. kl7e2Cs°°ll(VE.°l'l Low Level Platiorin)-7 38. 825,9 43.10 10, 20, 5 12,6 17 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2_49, 7 50, (Chesil Lines)-a4 35. 530, 7 12, 7 00, 8 31. 'k 14 -14' 11' 24 rlO 30 10 50, 11 50, 120, 1250, 1257, ..701:7•„60, 2 10, 2 50,3 8. 3 32, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 6 18, 8, 0. 8 50,98, 9.18,10 15 1046. alllo, 1139. ai,',•)o. 90, 9 55. 11 25. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10, 8 30, 9 1 8 aklxcept Diondays. 11(L.& N 0 b 3 23. 735. 950, 1045, 120, 15: 11.35. su'ndays 30, 10 15, 4 20, 11 35. excepted. ,4144111(43.15iad.1andr26, 14.m9 59, 11 39, 1255, 329, 5 0, 11 53. 1. STBl2O'l 80, 190. .9 .122 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16,3 38, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Huatdays 850,38, 818. ‘4403;',?'-'.Y 1. From Ayoley Station i'BBo 4271 r (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 100,10 40, 1214, 774 65. 7 17, 98, 10 20. Sundays 2 45,7,40, a.m., 451,1ie% 8 5 From High Level Platior tn. 9,765 ter (Fretn Bank Quay Love Level P.atform)-20 Nrs ifL57. 55. 10 46, 1 14, 3 35. 49. 6 10, 75.9 10, 1140. Aziehetst','• 35. 8 15, 11. 40. *From Arpley Syttir 15dg 9 0 (eheshite Linea)-7 0,1,85 A 8 214, ,g 5 55' 0, 7 a LI 25. 1155, 1255, 155. L'B37 `;',l V 2. 8 55,9 15.9 55,a10 0, all 15, 1150. Sundays 1744'4" "• 35, 3 2J, 5 15, 7 16, 8 55, 9 22, 9 35, 100, only _ _

35, 10 45. 2 35. 5 35. 7 28. 50,2 35, 5 35', 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. ,161-1e-willows —2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, ',,1214, 12 35, 1 156 3 21, 3 48, 4 21, 5 36, 6 25, ,sanls, 10 1.0,10 20. Suadays 245, 7 40..8 43, a.m.. 14114 v, 7 47, 8 53, 9 23, 9 55. uMundays only, 63atur-

1t4"4--7 ,112 0, 7 55,8 16,3 47,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 22, 3 50, 5 1.5,9 35. 348 ei if) 520, 545 8 35, 955. 100, 11 40, 12 35 "..4. 7 a,. 47, 10 2. dundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0

38. 8 25' 943, 11 53, 2 5, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 80, Yenketh)-7 53, 9 5 10 5. 1.1 0. 12 0, 15, 11s 29, a 6 13. 7 0.8. 0 ad 30, 810 20,10 46. Sun- k.iN39. 9 18. aoaturdays excepted. bBatur` S',s, '4l (Nlitilahl) d via Chinlev and Dore Line at, ,10 55, la 27, 155, 48, 655. Sunda'ys 5 5 ILL'. •I 4 E?Ta--525 10 82), 83, 10 °. 1.7. 1635 3 'Nth' "40. 7 8' 9 15 10 20 hundays 8 35, 8 43, 6 0, 9 45 „,k 15, fr, ' " 712 3 3,, a 9 3), 11 15, 44t a vhealttre Lines) - Th1413y4 110, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, th,f,tit only, 20, 7 22, 80. '9 0 958. 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11, 3, 913. Suodays, 8 50, 38, 318. a Satur- t 142,c1,t1,1(ef r:,?to tirOey :Station. !i: 49 5. 11 b 11 0, 12 0, 15, 94950 hire Lines) Ag 9 u 107 0-, bill, 9 10, a 9 30, blO 2. Sun- "". 4' 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bsaturdays ian'idt) arid -) W -7 33, 825. 9 43, 1010, 11 53, 2 5, taßk442' - L 7 a 0 948. - . S tidays 848. e. 40,7 50. L. 545, 7'lo, 83.9 33 "" 114), 1236. 1 15. v' 60, '91'4535. 6 14, 8 47.10 2, 10 10. Sundays 2 40, 843,

TO WARRINGTON FROM Ili, It rid 7 43 8 59 1143, 37, 436, 6 44, 829 littai 753. 4 32 " Hillhouse-1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays hir 2.82 din 2.

cr. & N.-w.)-3 10. 5 50, 720.90, 11 30, 12 15, ( I 25 11.15. Sundnya 3 10, 12 15, 70. 4178 q 4,11,a li' Akilan)—ti 30 1 23, 2 40, 6 6' 8 60, 6 66, " 'l2 55. blix- io,ll 19. .-,l.m.d.tys 4 30, a.m., 4 20. k6l4,,lidaYs 4,111118,.(181.101---5.8 30, 8 50, 10 43, 1 35, 24, 3 13,„„7 55, 10 12. 13.144°nTa.410b0t Road)-8 12, 8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, ‘,llB,Lcht3StAndave 740. 1 35. 5 15, 8940 '3 53. 1010, 20, 250, 41855'. 81.eural)-8 07 81)7182 ,--i 55. 8 5). 46t6':8t,°31.0'7'5„45. V0',134'0, 9 LL, 10 35, 1: 33.2 20, 415, 5 13. 4444„11e--124V7;08 22Ln"16 10, 9 20 p.m. q0hte1,:i.,1225 4.M.. 8 41, 12 10 p.2m34.,..,1 43, 422, 5 33, 841. 40 012 11 5, 11 43, 1 25, 210 441:45' 6 i'l 3205. g '2' 35' 3135. 10.. aiunlays 20, 630 iZNiti°4'c:tr.). Pm. a ,aturdayi oliti.)ll'.. 1., 36.. .. l 4 1 43. 2 10 2.'717389 '1616108412' SandAya 81 ' 8n . a.m.,/ 15.__ , 42 6 0 813 9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 23b 20. ' .1, lay .2 3. 4 42. 7 10, 2 43. 4 0, 9 12. 16 1.017 - 1143, 2 47. 5 42, 813. 1037 a. kite" 'l2l, 737 . ,aturdays only. IP 13 13. m. a 5 I,h' -tin, 20, 1 10, 3 , 3 00, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 Olio --43,65. 7 30. 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. alixcept Marl:.l.

4.249,-12"ni-6 43659 720 8 48, 932. 10 13, 11 29,11 35, 9:415503'1 I°,: 135,3,23, 5. 0, D 23 5 32 5 53, 6 30, 7 33, t Suns ,ys 8 34, 9 52, 103, 4 0, 7 20. 927. .1 eleett,l-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sunda'', 60, a.a.m.,, 31 2`L, g erry & Penketli-7 12, 95.9 43, 1224, 4 17, Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 8 7. 55, 93, 10 2, 11 27, 2 32. 4 7, 5 27, 6 57. 757 1464t-tt) " '•hys 6 59, 716 pm. aSal urdays only. '6l(eileBhire Lines)-5 44,6 27,7 45,8 56,9 0.9 .0.10 40, 13. 35, 420. 4 56. 58. 556, 657.721,93.1 1.4014110 W ."' 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. ttblz4sl., "4010, 20, 555. 95, Sundays 650, 95. /to. Stlen-:6 44. 826 1022. 1228. 241. 535, 820. 91, ;14 Ntgo.- `Vs 9 40 7 5 428 6 40'8 3 .8 25 9 9 10 3, 1 14. 1 54, 2 24, 4 55. hitt% 3* 7 11, 958,. 1.1 Su:ndays 837. 9 20,3 31.4 30, Fitt 4 4941, 6185113 e asd §SC eltot rat)-70. —7 38, 953, 54, 8 52, 1120, 144.)%2°,rLa 13. 40. '9 32 10 5. 11 1.7, 1 20. al 45. 213, 114' *l. 6 7. 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 233, ao abaturdays only. bBaturdays excepted. ‘4ll. pa 0, di 1 4irle-town)--a2 .55. 60, 80, 920, 11 50, 5 35,8 35, 105, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, 920, -RW,.,1'd,„73. llvlandays only. *Saturdaws only. "0, -8-6 25 8 20, 95,9 55 1235, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, liaesprit ,a io, 10 45 Sundays 745, 210 7 20. 10 45. ntral).-5 35, 6.10, 7 25, 8 33, 8 40, 8 43, 9 30, :45 1 30.11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 10.1 30,1 0,20.5 4 40, 4 5 , 530. 536, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 8 0 30,5 510 45 11 0 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, "4 '3ope 33,9 35. a Uundays and Saturd ,7Ts only. 9. N 5 15, 60, 715,50 10,2 10,4 10, 630, r„flundvs 10 0 a.m.. 5 0.,10 0. 120. 1114,'4Lidlittid)-5 15, 105, 120, 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 15, ile4,l4,rd'a 3 15. 12 0. a except Mondays 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9 111. al 37. 2 5. 250 l'Ah 444,1," 6 41, 7 41, 933, 11 19. Sundays 825, 2 25, allest;„"V4 only. 6Saturdays excepted. stlll, 3 & N.-W.)-6 0. 660 a 70, 85, 9 40, 1125. 26 510 75,9 23 10 40. Sundays 80, 950 I it: IQ 13.1.;nn 13X91.aige. a ldondays and Saturdays

(Lundon-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 1235, 11(shs 40, b 5 5, 5 20. 66.7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sunday B I 1.0 Chatt,"4. 88aturdays excepted. 10 45 11 30. 12 30. 12 45. 1 30, 2 30. 3 30, 4 30, Kg, ,5 fe, (Cheshire Linee) -6 48. T 20, 830, a 9 5, 930. • 6 30, .6 33,7 30, i 30.8 33.9 55,a10 50,11 o.Sun- -9 30. 10 40.1 40. 2 0 2 5, 6 35. 8 15, 9 40. alann- )4o4o4iewio tkr .ftyg on 1Ad14,---7 —66 s 1137,242,61. faR, Ta.i,t‘7,6. 11 57, 320 4 50, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. 47 , 6 55 7 33. 8 42, 9 24. 10 9. 11 23, ▪ 6. 130 3 4 47. 453 55. 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. ys d. Suada' 9.49. 100, 3 55.7 20, 11 5. cSatur-

63 k ",L. 8 26, 90. 106. 19. 5 17, 73, 9 16. Sun • 2 3: 9 12, 10 13. •bi 35, 50. 95, 9 39, 11 21, 11 28, 24i 10 47' Sttivl Ivs 211, 835, 315, 61 0 .Naondavi excepted. blonday mornings only '9. 9 19, 13 23, 12 29, 1 30, 256, 440, 540

,Penketh)-8 51. 9 8 41. 925. 10 19, 11 24. 7"'CI 3 44. 425.4 :1,5 40, 622, 726. 9 34. Sundays 9 2i. (C.L 0.) idland) VlA:Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 2 0, P";;14•Ya 8 15. 45 ,2b, 10, 8 28, 918, 955,11 15.125. 12 50, 1 30, ".15 610 0, 90. 1." 53, *ll 20. Sundays " 55. 95. .Saturiays only. Ort Street) - 8 10, 10 20, 11 25, 10, 2 15, 5, a 9 0.9 35. Sundays 90,25, 8 0. aSatm-

tEtAtit,-„L, . it 0, heITY. 4 ft, 6itn__B, ta .„5a7. 19 400 r

t 9, 8 36, 9 28, 10 10, 1163, 115, 1 41, 29, 255, 745, 9 37, 11 23'xcepteri. 'VI only. bf.i.ttnnp".y.s. e,3 , ..., al 8 29, ~, 1 10 1 4, 2 10, ,`i -W.)-7 5, 8 59. 9", -.- ' 824 2 50, 7 69, 4111t14 ' 35, 6 46, 8 50, 166. Sundays , g I A': 1 Ciep eshire Lines) -8 30, 915, 10 9. 1112, 12 25. 125. x q j'''•'• 6 12, r 13,7 0i.4 41. all 44 Sundays 8 42, le it11....2 I 'u• clOik Sallie:lays only. 833, a tb a . a 31. 1 0 10• 1123, 1215. 8 3) ~82,,s 55, '75• 8 2,10 Sue ta 41 ys 2 ,

N.; 141, Z 6. Z • 4‘.4.144- -eY Itq 311 e 46. 5 ktld 1, ht. a 4°165 '4l—'l 005 ag 5' on

, a

===== 0002601_18950622_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
for pole B ale ,for ler 11! ring- ow Pen"

0 re' siOa a me Joan tba, 1 wo cueos older I was /hich

)osll ev"r pag°: If" avid; for d tj , env Oficlo cs o'o6

(014' 0 issie 0010 d o on Iviee t ad le" _ ..e 3troll a t" Loc-,t 1 odic° ,Lroor tbe

===== 0002601_18950622_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

There was an unusually large attendance of the public at the last meeting of the Warrington Town Council and this is generally a pretty good indication that something lively in the way of discussion may be expected. The rule held good in this instance for the meeting was both long and lively. For a time, however, matters progressed smoothly enough. The minutes of several com- mittees were passed with marked celerity, and the observations that were made were of a purely non- controversial nature. Councillor Bepherd called attention to the filthy condition of the disused portion of the river near Wilderspool but this subject did not receive the attention which the people who suffer from the nuisance no doubt think it deserves. Councillor Roberts put in a claim for better accommodation for ladies at the baths and some improvement was promised. After this the Chairman,of the Gas Committee,Councillor R.T.Fair- clough, dilated in a self-gratulatory way upon the reduction of twopence per thousand feet, but even with this sop the Committee did not quite !escape its usual meed of criticism. Both Councillors Smeth- urst and Plumpton wished to know how it was that the Committee would not serve out penny-in- the-slot meters to all applicants alike. Councillor Fairclough's answer to these questions amounted to this—that there were more applicants for these meters than the Committee could supply and they, therefore, let those people who were not at present consumers of gas have the meters in preference to those who had ordinary meters and who, he seemed to consider, should be content with them.

The minutes cf the next Committee—the Rivers Committee—led to rather unexpected develop- ments. The Committee proposed that a plot of land should be let by the Corporation to Messrs. W. A. Bishop and Co. for the purpose of constructing a wharf upon cocclitions which were duly set forth in the minutes, and which seemed to sufficiently safe- guard the interests of the Corporation. Councillor Hepherd, however, seemed to find something ob- jectionable in the whole transaction,and he moved that the proposal be rejected. His main reason for this action appeared to be that the wharf might in some way or other be prejudicial to the Ship Canal. This amendment met with a surprising amount of . support, though the arguments used by its supporters were singularly meagre and unconvincing. Some of the speakers seemed to vaguely entertain an idea that if the Corporation let this bit of ground it would be parting with a source of untold revenue. Councillor Monks, however, rather bluntly dis- abused the minds of the councillors of this notion, as clearly demonstrated that if the land was not let to Messrs. Bishops it would probably not be used for any purpose whatever. The Chairman of the Com- mittee, Councillor Roberts, warmly supported the proposed agreement and expressed the opinion that a little competition with the Ship Canal Company would be a God-send to Warrington. He contended that what was wanted in Warrington was more facilities for bringing material from Manchester and Liverpool by the river. !Nevertheless the amend- ment was carried by eighteen votes to seven. But even this did not end the troubles of the Rivers' Committee. The only other motion on its minutes was one appointing the Chairman the representative of the Corporation on the Upper Mersey Navigation Commission, and Councillor fiepherd displayed his opposition to this also. He argued that as Coun- cillor R. T. Fairclough had been the representative for the last three years he should continue to hold the office. He, therefore, moved that the minutes be referred back to the Committee. Councillor R. T. Fairclough at once gave the subject a rather personal turn by declaring that be objected to b.i- ing "kicked out". He had given up his position on the Rivers' Committee because of the dispute between his firm and that Of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, but he thought this should not debar him from being the representative on the Mersey Commission. Councillor Roberts denied that there was any "kicking out " about the affair, and pointed out that as Councillor Fairclough had been appointed representative when Chairman of the Committee so the Committee thought that now Councillor Roberts was the chairman he was the most suitable person to represent it on the Commission. Council- lor Monks and other members of the Committee supported this view of the matter, but the amend- ment was carried by twelve votes to nine. Coun- cillor Roberts then stated that under the circum- stances he should have no alternative but to retire from the Committee.

A long discussion next took place on the subject the recent fire at Messrs. Skelton's premises in Rorsemarket-street, and the part played thereat by the fire brigade. In answer to the questions put to him Alderman Hutchinson did not impart much information that was new. Alderman Francomb took up the charges that have been made against the Water Committee and the figures be enumerated seemed to prove pretty conclusively that there was plenty of water in the mains if it had been used. Another thing was quite evident from what he said, and that was that War- rington was not very well provided for in case of fire at the time the waterworks were taken over from the Waterworks Company. But,the Alderman added, diligent efforts had since been made to re- medy these defects. A little jocularity was im- parted into the discussion by Councillor Davies, who quizzed certain unnamed members of the Fire Engine Committee on their mis-timed activity and interference with the brigadeon the occasion of the fire. Alderman Sutton was judicial in tone but, "as an intelligent member of the Council" he offered his services to the Committee it was pro- posed to appoint to investigate the condition of the fire department, Councillor Woods protested against the meagre information vouchsafed by Alderman Hutchinson, and in the course of the subsequent discussion Councillors Skelton and Roberts severely commented upon the defects of the fire brigade ; Councillor Smethurst defended his action at the fire ; Councillor Beaman gave further information as to the supply of water: and Coun- cillor Monks expressed the opinion that the streets might have been kept clearer by the police at the time of the fire. In the end the motion proposed by Councillor Skelton that a committee be formed to consider" the gross incapability " of the fire bri- gade, and to recommend steps for its improvement war adopted unanimously. The remaining busi- ness was the proposal of Councillor Bennett with I regard to the width of the streets, and this proposal after some discussion was adopted.

'WARRINGTON AND DIST RICT fjPRO PERT! OWNERS' ASSOCIATION.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION.

Oh, the Warrington Corporation Are a wonderful combination, They worry and fight, Despoil and blight The schemes of their own creation.

The Committees they duly elect To examine, approve, and reject, Then having done this With absolute bliss Their sanction they refuse to effect. That Town of a bygone age, Makes one shiver and shake with rage, For improvement are raze, With the Treasury bare, In that place without any sage. Can nothing be done to improve The men in the old, eld groove, Why don't they resign When others repine At the lack of any new move ? There's a host of things to be done, The money has first to be won ; The taxes reduced, The burdens reloosed, In good old Warrington. Then streets with much more room, Will in the future loom ; Whilst tramway cars On metal bars, The trade of the Town will boom.

_ BEAU f IFUL TEETH • all who use daily on the tooth brush a tow drops oc

SOZODONT,.

no pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teetlrand spaces Cure Bile, between them as nothing else Sullow Cmnyleximi, and will. Sound and pearly white Sick Headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them so as to stay breath ensured. aured. ohernlsts..lB. 10. Ask for SOZODONT. Bed

CARTER'S LITTLL LIVER PILLS. Small PM Small Do.e. fox ART • j Erre'. Price. 'iIvTTELaE th jfll' _,;„; table. Torpitl.hiver

I

===== 0002601_18950622_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MUM

===== 0002601_18950622_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRIEVANCES OF PROPERTY OWNERS.

On II We nes lay evening last week, a public msetiug of owuers of property in Warrington and neighbourhood was held in the Cairo-st. s hoolloom. Alderman Harrison presided in the absence of Mr. A. Browne, who was unable to at- tend. There was a fair attendance,and on the platform in addition to the Chairman, there were Mr. G. Norton (president of the Liverpool Land and House Owners' Association), Mr. It. A. Bellwood, of Liverpool, Mr. R. Isherwood, Mr. J. Titchett, Mr. Stanley Ball (secretary). Among the audience there were Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. J. Harrison, J.l'. Jones, Winstauley, P. Edgar, W. Diggle, S. B. Stringer, Andrews, Dolan, Councillor Hill, and various other property owners. Alderman liaaarsom said be took the greatest interest in the success ot the movement, which he hoped would be instrumental in putting the owners of property in a more favourable light than they at present occupied. If the object of the meeting was to organise some scheme by which property could be preserved they would not have met in win. He was satisfied that there was a great amount of injustice done, and a great amount of wrong entailed upon innocent people of limited means, which wanted remedying, and he hoped the governing bodies of this town would not be long in recognising the strong claims of the property owners. Mr. NORTON, of Liverpool, president of a kindred in- stitution, said that his Society had been established over 35 years, and they had had a good deal of experience with reference to matters which interested all property owners. He had not prepared an address and did not propose to give one, but he would be glad indeed to give such observations er advice as they had gathered from experience. With reference to local authorities of which- there were several, from Corporations down to Parish Councils, he said there must, necessarily speaking, be a good deal of friction between these authorities and in- dividual property owners. Taking the question of an ordinary nuisance,the medical offiser stated to the magis- trates that it was a nuisance and it was perfectly use- less for anyone to say it was not a nuisance ; the magis- trates themselves really had not power to say anything else,but practically had to find them guilty of creating a nuisance. What their Ssciety tried to do was never to make unreasonable demands upon the Corporation, but when they had a real grievance and could make out a proper case they should fight it out, and the Corpora- tion would begin to respect an institution or association of that description. There were several things which he mentioned as serious and which would have to be taken up and looked into by these associations and that was the reason which made combination absolutely necessary. Every trade and business now had combina- tions and he was quite sure that there was no business or trade of any description in which combination was more necessary that in that of owning property,because they wanted taxation that did not simply tax landowners and property owners. He advised all to help in return- ing members of Parliament who would take a side on this question and who would do something in the next Parliament. There was a talk of a change of Govern- ment shortly, and if there was, politicians would go out ' on opposite sides' Out that did not matter to them as they did not touch party politics. All they wanted was fair play to themselves and it was right that they should secure the influence of would-be members in getting proper rating of all classes of property. This could easily be done by the principle of the income tax—that was to tax income from whatever source it was taken. Mr. R. A. Bellwood, of Liverpool, gave a number of facts about the work of the society in Liverpool. The rates of Warrington at 63. Bd. in the £ he considered rather high. In Liverpool, he said, by the efforts of their association they had been able to get the rates reduced by about sd. or 6d., in the L. He contended that abate- holders of Companies should contribute their share to the maintenance of the poor. In Warrington he be- lieved there was about 1000 property owners and he ob- served that everyone ought to be a member of the Pro- perty Owners' Association. As property owners they went in fairly for economy with efficiency and did not object to useful expenditure but only to extravagance. In some towns he had noticed even more activity than in Liverpool where they were getting attended to and any proper remonstrance they made taken due notice of. Alderman HARRISON said that he had just a little mis- understood the object of the meeticg, which had broadened out more than he expected. His impression was that the meeting had reference to the great number of houses there were uninhabited in Warrington at the present time, and in destroying which some people seemed to take a delight. He believed that the spolia- tiem going on at the present time was something terrible to contemplate, and he was under the impression that the feeling in the matter had culminated in this meeting so as to devise steps for counteracting the evil. That meeting had, however, dealt with the interests of pro- perty owners in various ways besides that of the annoy- ance and loss caused by mischievous persons. As the speakers had thrown out the hint it was really worth while for owners of property to form themselves into an association, such as they had done, for the purpose of disseminating their views, and gathering strength -3nd making themselves and their needs felt in the direction indicated by the previous speakers. 'The owners of pro- perty were, as such, entitled to as much consideration as anybody else. It struck him forcibly that the owners of property had not been fairly treated, and he was in- formed that in spite of the fact that there were police officers residing even a short distance from uninhabited property, that property was almest ruined. They should do something to stir up the feeling of those by whom they were governed in order that something might be done to put an end to the destruction. Mr. BELLWOOD said that with regard to the damage to property they had been taking considerable interest in that question, and in London it was almost as bad as in Liverpool. They had sent a memorial to the Home Secretary calling attention to the insufficient protection to uninhabited property in the country and asking for a more efficient guard. Alderman HARRISON observed that law afforded pro- perty-owners some pretection,but sometimes it happened that tee delinquents were not worth suing and they could not "get blood from a stone." In such cases "the remedy was worse than the disease." Mr. J. TITCHETT was pleased that they had a meeting to consider the cpiestion ot the interests of property- owners. The object of the meeting was that they should try to further the interests of the Warrington property- owners Association and it was considered some two months ago that a meeting of this kind might be the means of increasing their strength and so place them in a position to cope with the difficulties they had to con- tend with in Warrington. He himself had spent pounds and pounds to put property in repair and paid a private watchman, and the abuse he had received from the neighbours in the locality was out of all manner of reason. He thought it high time that something was done to put an end to that kind of thing. (Hear, hear.) With regard to street-making he thought that it came very heavy upon a man which had sa red a few hundred pounds out of his earnines,and built half-a-dozen houses, to be obliged to pay for the street which was used by the public. The speaker was of the opinion that the pay- ments for street-makiee ought to be spread over a large number of years, say 10 or 12, to give the man a fair change to meet his liabilities. A vote of thanks was passed to Messrs. Bellwood and Norton for their instructive addresses, and to the Chair- man for so ably presiding over the assembly.

[ice 1.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMARKABLE I'ATERNITY CASE.

STRANGE DEVELOPMENT.

A remarkable development took place on Monday in the paternity case which has been before Mr. Justice Hawkins for several days. The reputed mother of the infant plaintiff, Mrs. Salisbury, claims that the child is her daughter, and that she is consequently entitled to property of considerable value left by its father. On Monday the evidence of Dr. Capon, which had been taken on commission owing to his illness, was read. He stated that Mrs. Salisbury sometime' after her husband's death asked him if he could find her a child, as she wished to adopt one. He put her in communication with the witness Wright, who had a child in February, 1894, and Wright's child was, he believed, handed over either to Mrs. Salisbury or her sister, Mrs. Pike. After this evidence had been put in, Mr. Jeff, QC., who appeared for Mrs. Salisbury, retired from the case. Mrs. Salisbury denied the truth of the statesments made by Dr. Capon, and asked for an adjournment. The Judge, after stating that the case must new be probed to the bottom, adjourned the trial until next month.

The Court of Inquiry into the collision between the Crathie and the Elbe met on Monday to deliver ju ig- ment. The Court held that the mate of the Crathie, Rollert H. Craig, was in default, and they cancelled his certificate. At the same time they intimated that the officer in charge of the Elbe might and ought to have stopped the engines when he saw there was danger of a collision. If be had done so the disaster could have been averted.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- CAN Prescriptien, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors ol youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney. bladoer. gray!, prosta se and kindred complaitts, and has stood the test tor 20 years. Bend a self-addressed stamped envelope to JOEPIC HOLMES' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions. Blomsbury- square, London, and get lull particulars ot this greet Remedy free of charge.

Three gunners of the Royal Artillery were walking down the ranges at Lydd Camp on Monday when they found a shell which had not exploded. Although all the men in camp had been warned ri..t to touch such shells, they began playing with it, and it suldenly ex- ploded. All three were frightfully injured. One of them, named Nash, died an hour afterw.srds, and an- other, named M•Corcnick, was not expected to live through the night. , The Attorne‘-General has refused an application to secure the release of Oscar Wilde from prison on a technical point raised by Sir Edward Clarke during the trial.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
esowsza

===== 0002601_18950622_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LON

===== 0002601_18950622_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

- --- Guaranteed aH Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozon. IRISH LINEN COLLARS.' _ .

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittinee, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISK NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all puce flax, 414. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS! F NNG WEAR. PO,IESITI MM ER AND IRISH TWEED si f sfedor fLoardSi et sre, nogrtGhe, nDrusr, awb,eilaity , and dPsutryell: rad eaUfse suarypa - PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. Ra. FIUTTON & CO., LARNE, IREL

===== 0002601_18950622_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--

Al

===== 0002601_18950622_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Zdi

===== 0002601_18950622_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

4CIT Rai"

-.1, OR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18950622_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCI: AS

SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18950622_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION

WEAK STOMACH

- - ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLI,iN BOXES.

tu In Boxes, 91d., 1. 11... rind 2s. 9 h directions. Me 1.. I.d. Itos et, c,n,

PREPARED ~NLY RV 9 s

THOMAS BEP4AM, St i:o!c-n, Lancashire. BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—C;)•4OIIICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH --I.VItIUMES THY' BRE.ITLI. In Collapsible Tubes, atoll Druggists, or irOM the Proprietors', fe•r-la., post-psicl.

IVA' A D.A ME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE & MIXTURE. The mo at powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Prioe 7s 64 (S trongest lie bottle). Post free Ed estra. 11 RBAL I NbIITUTE, lA, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shorediteh ( hutch). I ONDON, N.H. Send at once stamped uirt-cfet envelope for varticulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is, not caulne. and they can be seen at soy time.

idifitagailadilltsll • . • a For Home, Co'onial, and other Markets.-CAR HARNESS, complete set,43 6s. bd.; GIG HARNESS, full sire. £3 35.; Cob site, £3 :61., Pony size, 1.3105.; DONKEY HARNESS, Li 101, HEAVY CART HARNESS, Ls 1,35. 6d ; Demi•borskin RIDING SADDLES, complete, Li SS. Al; Sent ON approval. Illustrated pries lists post Imo, cm application to JARGONS, blllOOOllll.

NO STABLE IS COMPLETE WITHOUT*

For Sprains, Curbs, and Splints when forming. For Over-reaches, Chapped Heels, Wind Galls. For Rheumatism in Horses. For Sore Throats and Influenza. For Broken Knees, Bruises, Capped Hocks. For Sore Shoulders, Sore Backs. For Sprains, Cuts, Bruises in Dogs. For Cramp in Birds. znaispetisabte in any stable, but especially in the stable of a Master of Hounds. HADD/NOTON, Master of Berwickshire Hounds.

WOMEN

IV HY WA 3PH YOUR 1, Mt.NhY & INJURE YOUR II AL l'H by taking I'or hless advertised reme-

WOMEN

WOMEN

8. Don't be deceived by se-..tt I d testimonials. Re- member lb t what may prove uffeetual with some persons wonld be quite use less for your ease. Send one st.,mit for my vain tble little hook. MAI tel you "WHY ADVERTISED MEDICIN FS FAIL " " TIM INJURY TIIKY CACSE TO THE SYS- TEM" " METHOD OF CURING IItHEGU RI- TIPS & OBSTRUCTION, and' 11. SW PRhVBNT SUCH AILMENTS." Stiff,r, re hould get this God< b fore expetimenting wills flawsgel U 9 Q.INA he- meoies. Obtain it at once from the AuthnreBs.

WOMEN

VV OM N

WOMEN

WOMEN

WOM N

_OMEN

WO-M EN WOM EN

WOMEN

WOMEN

. . WOMEN WOMEN

-WOM EN

WOMEN

WOMEN

ONLY.

ONLY. ONLY.

ONLY. ONLY. ONLY.

ONLY. ONLY. ONLY. ONLY.

O°XLLYY.

ONLY. ONLY. ONLY. ONLY. ONLY. ON L

hUM

===== 0002601_18950622_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Sin it Cki II LOTTE,

104, High Holborn, LO N DON.

1V A AT.: PIPER.

tiny CAPSULES anperior to Balsam Conaiba, Cubeha or Injections and CUM) in 48 hours the same diseases without Incon- venience. 4/1"i of all Che- mist.. Or poet free. WILCOX & Co., )XFORD ST., LONDON, W

TASTELES

DANDELION A NTIBILIOU:4 PILLS.

Is. ltd. and 28. 9d, !wt. b..x (ity post for 15 or 33 atampa)s are a proved auletitutet,.r eaeanel. .re tilted for either sex. and may be taken at ••n , time. , hey clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the ok;4 0, hu,nours, purify the blood, regulate toe boa,• with comfort and safety. aftel excess in e..tlee, or a 1 'lda t. ar4 are the most valuable at eh.inge of life, or pertodical Agtraciton. No lilac Pill or Met. 'cutlets, hence no fear ,0' eold, Made only by Mr. SM rl ti, n.l. S., 280, Walworth-road, I.ooodan.

m01,121E2'012 F iwL•cir'S 0 tr. 113 lA.TROCOHN, BUNION, AND UM 13 Al PLAST .I,t, Is. lid per box, by post for 15 stataps ; a known C re, however ba:(1 case. BMITII'S ^VA • 0 +11..13 Pi LP. PO %DIM, AND Pr.CTORAL 1,17Z..Nt..ai54 )0i • I'ItICH-. :sold by all Meat jic3 k etldors,

TheAe aror SN I -r•4 o C • 147 - „ di 47 I D ' 75R, 0)

===== 0002601_18950622_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950622_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C

===== 0002601_18950622_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
"BROOKE, BONDS' TEA: "THE BREW FOR MP." That's what Countless thausands think. And many more than a million people wisely put this wholesome precept into practice twice a day. year after year. All this shows that the British Peope have long since proved for themselves tha. BROOK BONDS' TEA is tue test to buy and the best to brew. TIS SO GOOD," •• I must have another cup." That's expressed in words or grateful countenances around many. many a cosy tea-table. fragrant with the incense of BROOK h, BONDS' LUSCIOUS TEA. And net it's within the easy reach of all. For OUR AGNNTS ARE EVERY- WHERE. and they will g'adly sell you a quarter- pound packet, put up and signed and sealed by us. FOR 4, OR 0, OR V FENCE. So you're sure to get it right; and, depend upon it, there's really no other brew that's so &Belong, so refreshing, and ,c) good as this for you and yours, throughout these thirty summer days.

BROOKE, B9ND, & CO., LD THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17. PICCADILLY, 29. MARKET STREE }MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. PETER MACKENZIE AT

WARRINGTON.

The Rev. Peter MacKenzie paid one of his periodical visits to Warrington on Sunday and Monday. On Sun- day be preached at the Bolc-street Wesleyan Church to large congregations, his discourse at night upon the " Prodigal son " being both edifying and humorous. On Monday evening, he delivered a lecture upen "Absalom, his privileges, perversities, and punish- ments." Ther3 was a fair attendance, and the chair was occupied by Councillor Davis of Widnes, and he was supported by the Revs. J. Kirtlan, Owen Watkins, and G. D. Mason. The Rev. J. KIRTLAN in introducing the Chairman, expressed his pleasure that a worker in another circuit took the chair on that occasion, and hoped that a more frequent intercourse between the neighbouring circuits would take place. The CHAIRMAN jn reciprocating Mr. Kirtlan's senti- ments, said that he thought that as the circuits of Warrington, Widnes, Runcorn and St. Helens were so near to each other a Methodist council would be a very desirable thing. As Warrington was the oldest circuit, he thought it should be the one to take the matter up, and there were many ways in which it would be made useful. As regarded the 'lecturer, he did not think that any man from John o' Groats to Lands End was better known, and although he (the chairman) had never prev- iously been the chairman at one of his lectures, he had often been much edified with them. Ile then asked the Lecturer to address the meeting. The Rev. PETER MacKsezie then proceeded with his lecture which was interspersed throughout with a vast amount of humour, and was a most characteristic address. He said that they could not find much pleasure and satisfaction in studying the character and history of Prince Absalom, as he was not like some of he biblical characters who were great, good and wise. His history was, however, written for their profit and edification. The privileges of the prince were many and great, and he had a glorious future in prospect. He was remark- able for his beauty. He only wished that Abealona had accomplished the possibilities of his chances. What could he not have done ? But Absalom had the ugliest heart that was ever born by anyone between this or any other place. He had the poorest and most wretched skunk of a soul that ever disgraced humanity or ever came under the influences of the evil one. The lecturer glen went on to describe in a vivid manner, the murder by Absalom of his elder brother Amnon, who had acted improperly with his sister Tamar two years previously. For this crime, he was obliged to flee to Geshur, of which place his grandfather was king. After three years'banishment, David, his father, allowed him to return, but refused to take him into favour for two more years, when he was forgiven everything, and treated as a prince. Notwithstanding his forgiveness, he had not a spark of gratitude towards his father. He commenced to have designs upon the throne, and began to ingratiate himself with the people. He pre- tended to have the welfare of the people at heart, and gave great promise of what he could do were he to be king. He also endeavoured to use religion as a cloak for his misdoing just as people did at the present time. He said that but for the pretence of religion, it would be impossible for many scoundrels to perform their wicked work. Did they but come out in their true colours as sons of the Devil, they would have a poor chance of gulling the people. (Applause.) After he thought the time for action had arrived, he pretended that he had made a vow to sacrifice to the Lord at Hebron, and asked permission of David to go there, and this was readily granted. Here with the heln of Ahithophel, he raised the standard of revolt, and David, not knowing who to trust in, took flight across he Jordan with a few trusty followers. The good advice of Ahithophel to pur- sue David while he had a few followers was over-ruled in favour of council by Flushai (who was a secret friend of David) to wait until a vast army could be raised. The lecturer then proceeded in a dramatic manner to des- cribe the battle which took place between Absalom and David's generals, resulting in a complete overthrow and death of Absalom. He then described the great anguish which David endured at the news of the death of his son. His first question after the battle was over, being "Is the young man Absalom safe " He said that there were many lessons to be derived from a study of Absa- lom' character. No young man would be ea fe who kept bad company. He would always suffer by being con- taminated with wicked young men. He would not be safe if he indulged in gambling, or strong drink. He would, however, be safe if he put his trust in Jesus Christ, and allowed Him to guide and direct his foot- steps. As long as he trusted In Him, he would never go wrong, and in conclusion, he ureed upon his hearers to be warned by the example of Absalom, and to keep on the right path. (Applause,) The meeting terminated in the usual manner.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING,

-- A meeting of the Parish Council was held at the school-room on Monday evening. In the absence of Mr. C. W. Davenport, Mr. F. Pearson presided, and there were also present—Messrs. Ashton Hayes, J. Whitlow, W. Coppock, Hugh Darhoshire, J Brirch, John Darby- shire, W. Richardson, and J. Ellison (clerk).—The Chair- man read a letter which he had received from Mr. E. England, 3, Carlton-terrace, Stockton Heath, upon the advisability of having a recreation ground at Stockton Reath. The letter was as follows Dear Sir,—l shall fee,obliged if your Council will take into considera- tion the question of acquiring a ground for the purpose of recreation for the inhabitants of the Stockton heath district. You and your colleagues may have already considered the question, thou7h I have not heard that you have done so, but yet I do know that there is a general feeling that a public recreation ground would be a great boon to the district. I need scarcely point out to you that as time goes on, it will he more difficult to obtain suitable land for the purpose, and only then at a greatly increased cost than could be obtained at the pre- sent time. There is a feeling that the present time is an opportune one, seeing that the rates in the district are very light,and if the eronnd could he obtained on a long lease the necessary rate required for the purpose ' would net he of a burdensome nature. I need scarcely add that if a pelelic recreation ground could he obtainod, that it could not fail tv attract more residents to the district, and consequently an increase in the rateable ' value,'which would help to recoup the outlay neeessary for the purpose.—Yours truly, E. ENGLAND." He (the Chairman) had looked round and had found a suitable' spot in the form of a field situated in a snot known as Springfield. The field was the property of Mr. Warbur- ton, and was about feur acres in extent.—Mr. Whitlow said he understood that the recreation ground would only be for Stockton Heath, but then,: were also plenty of children in Appleton who were running about, and who had nowhere to go to play and enjoy themselves.— The Chairman said he thought that every village inEnv- land ought to have a recreation groundond he thought that Appleton should have the same advantage as Stockton Heath.—Mr. Richardson proposed that the Clerk should write to Mr. Warburton concerning the matter.—The Chairman seconded.—Mr. Whitlow moved as an amendment that no further notice should he taken of the matter.—Mr. Britch seconded.—The motion was carried and this concluded the business of the meeting.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MODERN THOROUGHBRED.

Mr. Vero Shaw has something to say about the modern thoroughbred horse in this week's "National Observer" which is especially intoresting during Ascot week, Mr. Shaw (and no man knows his subi,tct more thoroughly) makes out that the blood-horse is deteriorat- ing fast, and that this is hrouzht ab ant by the craze for "fashionable" sires. and its consequent in-breeding. He points out that the Derby winner of the present year is about a stone wowse than that of last year, and, in re- ferring to the increasing diffieulty of bringing horses to the post fit and well, he says this is not duo to any loss of skill on th- part of trainers, but is owinff to incrtased delicacy of constitution, with a corresponding loss of speed and stamina.

Thin, emaciated nersons fln in Sco`t's Tl'll3lol. fh fo that gives them new lif. Scott', Temulsion enriohes the blood, creates solid fissh. and strengthens the whole stem. It Is a prenaration of highest merit and is endorsed by the whole medical world, so there Is no mystery about it. Try it (3)

&a

===== 0002601_18950622_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
OILS 3N GAMLS AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

Warrington have varied their usual proceedings by obliging us with a win on Saturday, and not a narrow win either, for they beat Oldham by 169 to 62, and even with this large total, they had two wickets to spare. There is nothing like doing a thing properly when one gets a chance. This is Warrington's second win, and their record now stands at two wins, four losses, and two draws. It is however probable that their wins will remain stationary for the next two weeks tor they have to meet Preston and Liverpool both away from home,and as they could not manage these teams at Warrington, it can hardly bb expected that they will at Preston and Liverpool. However it is to be hoped that they will up- set these calculations.

The match on Saturday was a very enjoyable one—for Warrington. They were not favoured by the spin of the coin, and therefore they did not have the advantage of first batting. Oldham however could do nothing against the deliveries cf Connor and J. J. Crosfield, and six of the batsmen were clean bowled. The Warrington bow- lers had excellent figures, J. J. Crosfield's six wickets only costing 17, a most remarkable average, while Con- , nor's four only cost 35. Only one Oldhamer got into double figures and that was Sinkinson, who only made 10.

That it was net the state of the wicket which favoured the bowlers was quickly shown by Crisfield and Lieut. Plomer, the latter of whom is a decided acquisition to the Warrington team. The two batsmen hit out with such vigour that 50 runs were added within half an hour, and 55 had been scored before Plomer was dis- missed. Callon, who came to Crosfield's assistance, fol- lowed the example set by his partner, and he also hit out, and with the, loss of only one wicket, Oldham had been beaten. 100 runs had actually been scored for the loss of only two wickets. Callon was the top scorer of the match, his contribution being 39, and Plomer and Crosfield had 30 and 29 respectively, while Bates and George Clarke tied with 25 each. Only Wordsworth failed to score.

This victory of Warrington has roused the spirits of their followers, and it is to be hoped that they will con- tinue their course in a similar manner on Saturday.

The averages of the Warrington batsmen have con- siderably improved this week. Lieutenant Plomer is at the head of the averages with 22, but as he has only played in two matches, his name dues not appear in the list, and R. Smith still remains at the top. Bates has now passed his 100, and has scored exactly the same number of runs as Smith,viz.. 169. o:her batsmen are also getting within measureable reach of 100. J.J.Cros- field, who now appears on the averages, has a very good record, and Callon has also come up with a bound, and Bates and G. Clarke have also greatly improved.

The followiag is the table of averages of those who have played at least four innings, and with an average of three and over :

times Innings not oat runs average. R. Smith 5 ..... .... 0 Bates Clark (A) J J Crostield WE Podmore. 5 7 Callon E England G Clarke W Wordsworth . . 6 81. armor

The second team had even a better result than their seniors, for whereas Oldham 2nd only made the same total as the first, viz : 62, the Warrington second scored 203 for the loss f only seven wickets. This is the first time this season that the first and second teams have been successful on the same day. The second team have a better record than the first, for they have won three, drawn two, and lost one. Brown was in fine form with the bat on Saturday, and he carried his bat out for 56. Rush worth, Duckworth and Adamson each scored over 21 The bowlers figures on the W ar- rington side were remarkable, Duckworth gaining six for 18. Warrington were almost robbed of victory, for they only obtained the last wicket a few minutes before time. Nine Oldham wickets had fallen for only 34 runs, and it was the last wicket which caused the greatest trouble.

Lancashire cut up very badly before Surrey, and they suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of the Southerners. The game was really thrown away during the first half hour of the match when Tinsley and Ward were run out so easily. Ward's loss was especially great to Lancashire for he is in such fine form at present that he might have saved the match, He showed what he could do in the second innings by putting on a large score. Being run out is very unsatisfactory, and it is to be hoped that after having three run out in 004 innings the Lancashire men will be a little more careful in the future.

The defeat of Lancashire makes Surrey's chance of the championship much more favourable, although it is rather too early in the season t) think about that yet. The three coußties which ari most in the runniniY at present are Lancashire, Surrey, and Yorkshire, and it is most probable that the champion county this year will be one of these three.

By the defeat of Hampshire on Saturday by Yorkshire there is now no unbeaten county. The mast unfortu- nate county is Somerset who have not yet won a single match, and yet the greater majority of their beatings have only been very narrow ones, and the match with Middlesex was taken from them by time, when the game would otherwise have been a certainty for them. With a little better fortune they will come with a rush. The Sankey Wesleyans and Sankey Wire Mills each came to the top on Saturday, and each of their victims was a Penketh team—the Penketh Wesleyana and Pen- keth Friends respectively. The Wesleyan% victory was the most pronounced as it was by 11 to 42 There was some good scoring by Sankey Bridges, Sudlow contri- buting 15, Roderick 14, and Taylor 10. It is rather sin- gular that the two top scorers should he run out. Only one Penketh player, reached double figures. Llewellyn carried off the bowling honours,for his seven wickets only cost 16 runs. Should he keep up this form he would be a decided acquisition to the team.

The performance of the Wire Mills was a very meri- torious one, and there are not many teams who can say that they have beaten Penketh Friends, but this is what Wire Mills did on Saturday. The Mills did very batilyto start with, and despite good stands by Williams and Woodcock, and Simpson and Hobson, the total realised was only 58. The Friends only came to within nine of this, and Warburton was to a lar,re extent responqible for this, his four wickets costing the small total of four runs. Simpson and Hobson shared the other wickets.

The Y.M.C.A.7s of Warrington and St. Helens had a pleasant match and pleasanter tea together on Saturday. The match was a decisive victory for Warrington. but each side did full justice to the tea which was provided the kindness of Mr. J. Fulton Smith, the president.

Peter Walker and Sons first and second elevens have had a good time of it recently, and *heir opponents of last Saturday have no occasion te look hack on their matches with feelings of elevation and pride. They first engaged the C.L.C. Engineers and dismisSed them for the paltry sum of 19, six of the engineers not contribut- ing a run, and then they put on a score of 80. The second antagonised Oughtrington Park, and dismissed the Park for the still more paltry sum of 10, seven con- tributing "ducks," and then scored 74. They ought to be a little more merciful.

Lancashire have to some extent atoned for their de- j feat by Surrey by their brilliant victory over Notts on Tuesday. It was rather hard on Flowers, who was taking his benefit at the match that the game should be brought to such an abrupt termination, but still, it waa his misfortune,and he must not blame Mold, but rather the inability of the Notts batsmen to withstand the ex- presses which that player sent down. Mold simply sur- passed himself on Tuesday, and that is saving a good deal. It is a great pity that he was injured and unable to play during the greater part of the Surrey match, and even while he was playing, he could not do full jus- tice to himself, otherwise the result ought to have been much different.

By defeating Yorkshire. Surrey keep the top place in the championship table, but according to the number of matches played, Lancashire have still the be.t record. Essex and Werwickvhire have each won their first victory, and now there are only Kent and Somerset who cannot boast of a single victory.

W. G. Grace has rather spoiled his average by the Warwickshire match,and he will have to score a century or two more if he wants to keep at the top of the table of averages. Albert Ward is slowly creeping up the table, and is now the fourth. He plays in quch corsis- tent form that it is within the range of possibility that he will occupy the top position of the averages before very long.

The Grace testimonial is assaming gigantic propor- tions, and it is probable that it will not simply be a national movement,but a cosmopolitan one. It is enough to make one's mouth water to think of the amount of money which is flowing in for the doctor's benefit. He will without doubt receive the highest amount of money a cricketer has ever received, even by a professional. I am pleased to notice that the Mayor, not to be behind- hand,haa contributed 100 shillings to the swelling fund.

CALL or Write for a pair of Tom TAYLOR'S Bs. 11(1. or 83. 64. LADIES. or GRIT'S SEWN' BOOTS or Sfrogg, wet free.-50 Manchester-street,Liverpool.—eldcf.

The following are the positions of the various counties up to Wednesday ; Surrey 6 Middlesex Lancashite 4 Sussex -1 Yorkshire . . 2 t‘ otts liamwhire 2 Bases Derbyshire 0 Warwickshire Leicestershire Gloucestershire

===== 0002601_18950622_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JUNE 22 1894

SWIM2dIMG.

On Wednesday aftern-)on a swimming belt and the championship of the Warrington Grammar Schoot were competed for in the Corporation Baths, Legh-street. The race was six lengths of the bath and ended as fol- lows :—J. Scott, first ; L. Davies. second ; W. Gornall, third ; R. Roberts, fourth ; and R. Pierpoint, last. Mr. Barlow acted as starter and judge, and the winner ac- complished the distance in 3inins. and ssecs. /he com- petition serves to stimulate the desire for proficiency in the art of natation and is commendable on that ac- count.

The first annual club handicap of the Warrington Swimming Club was swum off in the baths on Tuesday evening. Fifty yards was the distance and the winners of the different heats were L. Davies, C. Ashton,Thomp- son, Graham, and Moses Walker. The final will be swum off on Tuesday night on the occasion of the gala. PENKETH.

GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL—The monthly meet- ing o the Great Sankey Parish Council was held at the Board School, Great Sankey, on Monday evening. Mr. W. P. Skelton (chairman) presided. There were also present—Messrs. Henry Bate (vice-chairman), Thomas Flalton, W. H. Gorse, and Joseph Wright (clerk). A communication from the Warrington Rural District Council was read, which stated that in accordance with a motion proposed by Mr. Halton, the Council had relegated their powers with regard to sanitary matters to the Parish Colincil.—The Chairman said the District Council having relegated their powers to that Council, they had now to consider whether it was necessary they should go into the matter or not. It was rather a serious task to undertake. He had heard no complaints about sanitary matters, nor had there been any request to his knowledge that a change of procedure should take place. Mr. Halton said that as the Parish Council's representative on the District Council he had mem- tioned the fact simply and purely on behalf of builders who were anxious to erect property in Sankey who had no sewerage scheme to assist them in their work. It was very wrong for anyone to contam- inate a brook running through Sankey. They had had complaints from a Mr. Pownall, of Great Sankey, and from different people with reference to the pollution of the brook by refuse.—The Chairman said there was on pollution of any brook in Great Sankey, he was satisfied ! of that—Mr. Halton said be held a contrary opinion. He brought this matter forward in the interests of farmers particularly. A serious complaint had been made by one of their parish councillors that his horses and cattle went to tha brook into which drainage ran to drink. While on the subject he wished to say that he thought the surveyor, whoever he was, ought to be very careful before granting a certificate to anyene coming into the district to build. He ought to see that the sani- tary arrangements were all right.—The Chairman thought that was a matter that was altogether out of their jurisdiction as a Parish Council. He did not think that that authority had anything to do with the passing of plans. If the Council took up the scheme the heavi- est ratepayers in the township, such as the railway and canal companies, could not laa rated, and that would mean that the rateable value of the township would be cut down to one-fourth or one-eighth of what it stood in the rate-book. That would mean a heavy charge on the property owners of the parish, and put them to an expenditure of from 83. to 83. in the L.—After some further conversation it was decided to take no steps in the matter at present.—The Chairman said several letters had been received from the Local Government Board, and one referred to the acquisition of land by parish councils—the allotment scheme. He did not know whether they had advanced so far in the matter of local government as to entertain the idea of the compulsory hiring or purchasing esf land for allotments. If they had, and there was any demand, they had a copy of the regulations from the Local Government Board showing what steps ought to be taken in the matter.—Mr. Gorse asked whether there was any application, to which the Chairman replied in the negative. —The subject then dropped, and some routine business having been disposed of the Council rose.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

THE DOCKERS' DISPUTE.

The dockers at Salford who refuse to obey the order of the Ship Canal Company to desist from wearing badges conspicuously when seeking employment, and are prac- tically locked out in consequence, held a demonstration on Sunday afterno m, and a meeting was subsequently held in Steyensen-square Dr. Pankhurst„ barrister, presided, and declared that the Ship Canal directors, in refusing to allow the men to mount their buttons, were striking a blow at the trades unionism of the country, which must he resisted. A resolution was proposed con- demning the action of the directors of the company, from the point of view of the dockers, shareholders, and ratepayers of the city who had lent money to the canal. Mr. J. Sexton, of Liverpool, general secretary of the union, said the real reason why the bade., was objected to was that the union was protecting the lives and limbs of its members, and it was now sought to destroy it. The directors had declared war to the knife and they should have it. The d )ckers would not only block the ships, they would block the barges. The unionists at Glasgow offered to help, hut he had kept them back in the hope that the disputa would be settled peaceably. Mr. Marshall Sevens, the manager, gloated over the fsct that they hail not carried nut their threats. They had not done so because they had not tried yet. They h‘d an instance of their power at Birkenhead last Mon- day, when the ships from Manchester which had called to complete their cargoes were blocked. The resolution was carried THE FOUR PER CENT FIRST MORTGAGE DEBENTURES.

The ship Canal Company have issned a circular with reference to the £1,359.900 4 per cent first mortgage debentures repay .ble Jamary 1, 1896, in which it is stated The directors remind the debenture-holders that, in arcnioarice with the stipulation contained in the above debentures, such debentures will become repayable at par on the Ist of January next. By the terms of issue debenture-holders have the right in lieu of receiving payment of the said sum in cash (provided six months previous notice has been given in writing) to have perpetual mortgage debentures or (at the option of the Company) perpetual debenture stock for the same amount, carrying interest from the Ist of January 1896, at 31- per cent: per annum. Debenture-holders desiring to exerciee cuich right are recriired to fill up the pre- scribed form and return it to the secretary so that he may receive it not later than June 30. The perpetual mortgage debentures (or the debenture stock, it the Company decide to issue such stock) will take the place of the re-dserned debentures, and the holders will have similar priority and rights to those attached to the redeemed debentures," APPROXIMATE TRAFFIC RETURN.

From the approximate traffic rAurn for May, just issued by the Manchester Ship Canal Company, it ap- pear that the ssa-going traffic in that month amounted to 91,838 tons, £10,564; the barge traffic to 23,093 tons, £427 : pas.enger., Stn., £ll9 ; the totals thus were 114.929 tons, £ll.llO. The cnrrespondins fismrss for May, 1894, were respectively traffic,39,729 tons, £6.044 ; barge, 18,982 tons, £261 ; nasengers,&c., £l,OlO ; the totals were 58,711 tons, £7,315. For the five months .linuary-Mav the figures run—Sea-going trsffic, 392.351 tons. £43,806 ; barge, 100.855 tons, £1 995 ; passenzers. £505 ; the totals are 493,216 tons, £4B 306. 'These tivires show an increase over those for the first firs months of last year as follows :—Sea-going traffic, 1 80,446 tons, £15.130 ; barge, 10,174 tons,£734 ; and a deeresse from msssmzsrs of £3.104. The total 'increase in tonnage is 199,620. representing £12,850.

OUR LOOM. CHUROR Es-W A ItRINGTO'N

sr. BARNABAS' CHURCH.

The anniversary in connection with the above church ' was held on Sunday. In the morning there was a fair congregation, and in the afternoon a sacred concert was held, when the choir was accompanied by an orchestral hand. The hymns "Onward, Christian Soldiers." and " St. Barnahas' Day," together with Psalm xxiii. as an anthem were sung by the chair, and Miss Schofield, HAIM., and Mr. Watts were the soloists. Mr. Water- field's cornet solo was much onjoyed. In the evening, by special request, Miss Rrthoflf.ld sang again "Thou art passinE,,, hence my brother," and Mr. Watts gave " If with all your hearts ye truly seek Rim." Owing to ill- ness Mr. Lindsay was unable to preach. Mr. Davies presided at the ()roan, and Mr. W. Woodcock conducted the hand. The church was tastefully decorated for the occasion.

LY MM. THEFT OP UNDISRLTNEN.—At the Lrmna Police Court on Saturday, hefore Messrs. T. P. Norris (in the chair), and W. P. Brabazon, Mary Fowles, of Santly•la.ne, Lymm, was charged on warrant with having stolen a chemise. value 3s. Bd.. the property of Rose Simpson, at Ouehtrinzton on the 25" h Ma y.—Prosecutrix said pri- soner entered her service about the 18th May, and re- mained with her for a little over a week when witness discharged hr. On the 13'h June, she (witness) missed the chemise and took out a warrant the prisoner.—P.O. j Breeze proved apprehen9ng the prisoner at Dunham I Massey.—Mirotet Leather, Sandy-lane, said that pri- goner had lodged with her and her mother since she had left Mrs. Simnson's house. She (witness) had noticed that prisoner had a very nice chemise, and she spoke to her about it, when prisoner said that Mrs. Simpson had given it to her.—Sergeant Garner said that prisoner sent for him to the cell that (Saturday) morning, and she made a voluntary statemput to the effect that she took the chemise, and when she heard that the police had heen making enquiries about her it was hurnt.—The prisoner who expsessed serrow, was sent tolgaol for 14 days with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

BOWLING MATCH.

On the green of the Victoria Inu, Wargrave, a match at bowls for £5 a *.idle, was played on Sat- urday afternoon, between James Gee and James licAtee, both of Earlestown. The game was 61 up, and in the result Mr. Gee was declared the winner by 61 to 58.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT AT THE VIADUCT WORKS.

On Monday morning whilst a spring maker named John Barrow, employed at the Viaduct Works, was assisting several others to change a heavy iron table, it fell upon one of his legs and fractured it just above the ankle. He was removed home on a stretcher and attended by Dr. Handyside, who set the broken limb. VIADUCT WORKS' OFFICE STAFF PICNIC.

The first annual pic-nic of the office staff of the I Viaduct Works, Earlestown, took place on Satur- day afternoon under most favourable conditions, the place selected for the inauguration being the ancient city of Chester. The party, including several of the works' foremen, numbered 28, and , left Earlestown at 1130, a saloon being provided for their accommodation Chester was reached about 12.40, and a move was at once made for the Coach, and Horses Inn, where a substantial.and excellently served dinner was partaken of and heartily en- joyed. About two o'clock the party departed for the riverside, and embarked on board Mr. Capner's steam launch " Ontario," en route for Eaton Hall. IThe sale up the river was most enjoy able, and on I arrival at Eccleston Ferry the party disembarked, and walked through the grounds of the Duke of Westminster to Eaton Hall, which they duly in- spected, the objects of interest being lucidly ex- plained by one of the guides provided for the pur- pose. A retrograde movement was afterwards made for the ferry, and at 5.45 the return journey to Chester was undertaken, happily without any of the voyagers suffering from the effects of " Mal de mer." Tea was partaken of at the Coach and rforses, and the journey for home was made by the 8.35 train, Earlestown being reached about 930, everybody having thoroughly enjoyed themselves.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAR&

The weekly meeting of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. Prior to the opening of the adult lodge, the juvenile templars gave an entertainment when there was a good muster of juveniles and adults. Bro. E. Middleton, CS., J.T., of Leigh, presided, and gave an interesting address. A good programme of songs, recitations, and dialogues was given by the children in a very satisfactory manner. An address was also given by Bro. W. France, of Leigh, and the thanks of the meeting were tendered him and Bro. Middleton, after which the juveniles retired, being presented with fruit. The adult lodge was then formally opened, Bro. W. Wilson, C.T., presiding. There was a good attendance of members, and several visitors were present. One candidate was restored to membership. Arrangements were made for paying a visit to Tranmere lodge and it was resolved to f3rm a choir. Other items of business. were transacted, and addresses were given by Bros Middleton and France. VULCAN SOCIAL PrC-NIC CLUB. _

The annual pic-nic promoted by this club took place on Saturday. The members to the number of 26 left the Vulcan Inn a'; 8.30 a.m. in a saloon 'bus drawn by four greys. provided by Mr. Connor, of Warrington, for Dunham Massey. The drive through the country was much enjoyed, and Dun- ham Massey was reached about one o'clock. The headquarters were made at the Rope and Anchor Hotel, the landlord, Mr. Walkden, having a sub- stantial dinner on the table waiting for his guests. Ample justice was done to the edibles provided. At the conclusion of the meal a number betook tnem- selves to the well kept bowling green attached to the hotel, whilst others preferred a ramble through the beautiful country lanes in the district. A start for hom e was made at six o'clock,which was reached about 10 o'clock, after a most enjiyable day. Mr. G. Littler carried out the arrangements in an effi- cient manner.

NEWTON AND EARLESTOWN POLLING DISTRICT CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

The 14th annual meeting of the members of this club was held in the Conservative Club,Earlestown, on Tuesday evening, when there was a large mus- ter of members. Mr. T. .J. Gillespie presided, and he was supported by Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, W. Collingwood, J. Catterall, T. tlaselden (and others). The Secretary read the report for the past year, in which he pointed out that the finances shJsved a satisfactory balance in the hands of the Treasurer. —The Chairman congratulated the members upon the satisfactory report and balance sheet, and moved its adoption, which was unanimously car- ried. —ln the elactiou of officers Mr. Gillespie was re-elected president ; all honorary subscribers of a guinea were elected vice-presidents; auditors: Messrs. W. Mawdsley and John Howe ; treasurer : Mr. J. W. Thorpe ; secretary : Mr. T. Haseklen. A Committee of Management cunsisting of 16 mem- bers was appointed. A vote ot thanks to the Chair- man was cordially adopaed on the motion of Mr. Catterall, seconded by Mr. Haselden.—Mr.Gillespie, in response, thanked them, and referring to the presidency of the -club, said that so long as he re- sided in the district and it was the wish of the members that he should occupy that position, he should always feel it a pleasure to do so. EARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. _ . .

Through the generosity of the members of this society, the employOi held their second annual pic nic on Wednesday, to Blackpool. The party num- bering 22, left Eatlestown about six o'clock in the morning, and reached Blackpool shortly before 9. Breakfast was partaken of, and they afterwards dispersea to enjoy themselves after their indivi- dual inclinations. The day was beautifully fine,and the outing was thoroughly enjoyed. They left Blackpool for home about 8-30, and Earlestown was reached about 11 o'clock. PICNIC FROM HAYDOCK.

The members of the Haydock Girls' Friendly Society, Ilaydock, promoted and superintended by Mrs. Hayward, had their annual picnic on Saturday to Chester. The party numbering about 30 were conveyed from Haydock by way of Messrs. Evans and Co 's private line, in their private carriage, to Earlestown, where they took train to Chester. On' arrival at the city the party enjoyed themselves in various ways, including a sail up the river. The return journey was made by the 8.35 train, and from Earlestown they were conveyed home in wagon- iiettes, after an enjoyable out. 1.0.G.T (EBENEZER LODGE). The usual weekly session of the Earlestovvn Ebenezer Lodge No. 752 was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Tuesday, there was a good attendance of members and friends. Session was presided over by Bro. W. Brown, C.T. at eight o'clock. The roll of officeis was called and responded to and the minutes of last session were read and adopted. The report of the business committee was also , given end adopted. The programme of the evening was" Auction Night" Bro. J. Taylor was responsible ' but owing to his illness Bro. 11. Brdwn took the responsibility of the programme which was a very interesting and amusing one and was a financial success. After having spent an enjoyable evening the programme was brought to a close. SONS oy TEMPERANCE.

-- On Wednesday the usual meeting in connection with the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets was held in the Co-operative Hall, Karlestown. Bro. John Judson presided, about 70 members being present. The final instructions to members for the picnic on Saturday,June 29th,to Micklehead Green were given The Bri tains need Division met at 7.30 in the same room. Bro. S. Foden W.P., presided. After the Open- ing ceremony the delegates of the united picnic committee reported that the wagonette arrange- ments had fallen through. After discussion, the division resolved that as the first arrangements had been abandoned they could not see their way to proceed any •further with it. The election of officers for the next half year was proceeded with and the following were elected,worthy Patriarch, Bro. John Pickett, worthy associate Bro. Richard Yorke., recording Scribe Bro. David Robinson; conductor. Bro. S. fl. Heaton ; assistant conductor, Bro. F. F.

Heade, ; inside sentinel, Bro. George Greenall ; chap- , lin Bro. Alfred Kenning ; treasurer, Bro. John Judson ; financial scribe, Bro. William Pearson ; assistant scribe, Bro. John Crompton ; past worthy patriarch, Bro. Thomas Judson; auditor, Bro. Ear- nest Mullins. Various matters in connection with the working end extension of the order were dis- cussed and referred to the Grand Division Execu- tive Committee. A very agreeable and profitable meeting was closed about 9.45. PRIMITIVE METHODIST MINISTERIAL APPOINT-

!SENT& At the conference of the Primitive Methodist churches last week, the first draft of stations was submitted. The ministers in the Preston Brook circuit will be the Revs. T. Bramall (Runcorn) and W. Moore, the Rev. 11. R. Didcock being removed to Dalton and Millom. The Warrington and With ties ministers will remain as they are, namely, the Revs. W. J. Kirtland and W. E. Lead.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON, HAYDOOK, AND GOLBORNE

BUILDING SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The 34th annual meeting of the shareholders ef the above society was held in the Town Hall, Newton, on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. Sankey presided, and there was a moderate attendance of members.

The Chairman said they had not Mr. Arnott with them that night, as they had han for several years, and he sent a letter of apology.

THE REPORT.

The Secretary then read the annual report as follows : —"The directors have pleasure in reporting to the mem- bers the Society's transactions for the past year,and pre- senting to them the annexed statement of accounts, certified by the auditors. Advances have been made this year on eight lots of property amounting to £4,200, and after deducting repayments the total sum outstand- ing on properties not in hand is £16.195 134. 31. on forty-two lots, and the interest received from them is £742 4s. Bd. The profits for the year are £Bl4 10s. 10d., and a dividend of five pounds per cent, has been de- dared, which will absorb £799 10s. 5d., leaving £3O Os. sd. to be carried to the contingent account, which now stands at £2,340 Is. 7d. This is 91 per cent, on the amount outstanding on properties in the Society's hands, and 12i per cent, on the total sum outstanding on mortgage. The directors are prepared to make ad- vances on liberal terms on eligible freehold or leasehold properties, and in addition to the issuing of invested shares, they are prepared to receive deposits or loans at a fixed rate of interest of 3i per cent., payable half- yearly,and subject to various terms of notice for repay- ment. The directors congratulate the members on the continued prosperity of the Society, and confidently re- commend their attention to the figures in the balance sheet,which show it to be a thoroughly reliable and pro- fitable investment, a dividend of 5 per cent, having been earned during the past year, and there now being a reserve fund of £2,340 Is. 7d. The Society consists of 300 members, 1191dieg 1,647 i invested shares,and 2,27 bi morteage shares." The Chairman moved the adoption of the balance sheet and report. He did not think that he could say anything more to them than what they could see in the report. It recommended itself to them without any re- marks from him, and he expressed the pleasure it gave the managers to be able to put such an excellent report before their members. They had as they would see made advances on 8 lots of property,which he considered was a good piece of work for the year. The other work- ing had been also satisfactory, and to prove that it was satisfactory they had declared a dividend of 5 per cent, which he thought was a good one; it was not easily earned at these times,but they had earned it, and earned it well, and they put a further sum of over £3O to the contingent account,which left them with a reserve fund, that was almost equal to the amount of money that was on the property already in their hands. Everything seemed to him to be favourable to the Society. They were getting fresh investors which was very satisfactory. They must, he supposed, keep on plodding as they had been doing. They were always ready to entertain any proposals that might come before them, and he thought most of them knew that they had facilities that very few societies if any, had. They had new rules, made up to date, and they worked the society on as little ex- pense as possible. If they went on, as they had done in the past year,no investor would have any need to regret belonging to the Newton Building Society—(Applause)— Mr. Lawton, seconded.—Mr. Singleton said the classof borrowers who now came before the managers seemed to be those people that a building society, was really created to meet. Another point which was favourable, was, that the directors were constantly taking up fresh shares, and when they were not doing that, they seemed to be bringing their own relatives and personal friends to take up shares.—Mr. Appleby (auditor) also spoke as to the sound financial condition of the Society.—Mr. H. J. Langton (solicitor) was pleased to be present that night. He thought five per cent, was a high rate of interest. The Building Society's Act which had just been passed would cause Mr. Appleby slightly more work than in the past, but as that society had been incorporated under the Societies' Act of 1874, it would make very little difference to them. The Act would benefit the Society, because it would crush out retten concerns which were badly managed and insolvent. It would prevent mushroom Societies from investing their money improperly, and in his opinion the people would have greater confidence in Building Societies.—The motion was thou put and un- animously adopted. Messrs. J. Crouchlev, Joseph Jackson and Thomas Wilkinson were re-elected airectors. Messrs. Appleby and I. Bateman were re-appointed auditors, and Mr. A. Blything, treasurer. On the motion of Mr. Appleby, seconded by Mr. Longton, a vote of thanks was accorded the trustees for their services.

The following vote was also passed "That this meeting expresses its deep sympathy with Mr. McCorquodale in his serious illness, and hopes he may have a speedy re- covery, to s.rve the Society for many years as trustee." A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the meeting.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening Mr. W. Joaxson asked whether the Government would grant the site f-r the proposed CROMWELL statue to a Commit- tee who desired to raise a memorial of the Protector by private subscription' and Sir W. HARCOURT said the Government would take the matter into consideration. Mr. A. MORLEY sated in reply to Mr. SCHWANN that he had given instructions for stopping foreign lottery circulars in covers received at the Post-office, and for returning them to the country where they were posted. The House again went into Committee on the Welsh Church Bill, resuming consideration of clause 6, which deals with the disposition of property by the Commis- sioners. Mr Loma moved an amendment to vest tithe rent charge in the parish council or the county borough council. Mr. ASQUITH, in opposing the amend- ment, said he was anxious to introduce such safeguards as were necessary to compel county councils to have re- gard to the interests of the parishes concerned, and when they came to the ninth clause he believed he should be able to satisfy the hon. member. The amend- ment was withdrawn. An amendment moved by Vis- count CRANBORNE, that all burial grounds should be vested in the Representative Body of the Church as soon as they were legally closed, was rejected by 206 to 184 ; and another amendment, moved by Mr. GRIF- Frru•Boscewm that burial grounds not separated by a carriage road should go with the church, was defeated by 135 to 113. Mr. GRIFFMI•BOSCAWEN moved an amendment to provide that a p irish eouncil should ad- minister only such glebe as was situated in its own ' parish. It was defeated by 151 to 131. Mr. D. THOMAS moved an amendment to omit the sub section providing that the Commissioners should vest the tithe rent-charge in the county council of the county in which the land was situated. After a rather heated discussion in re- gard to suppositious exceptional cases Mr. ASQUITH said he intended to propose a sub-section dealing with this matter. _

On a division the amendment was rejected by 172 to 165.

Opposition was taken to Sir J. HIBBEELT'S motion after midnight in reference to the Committee for the Friendly Societies Bill, and it had to be postponed.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING.

Mr. H. G. Grounds presided at the annual general meeting of the members of the above club on Monday evening. There was a good atteudance.—The Secretary submitted his report for the past season which showed that the first team had played 13 matches away, five being won and nine lost, whilst four away fixtures had been cancelled. 24 goals were scored for,and 59 against. In the home engagements the team had fared rather better, haying played 10, won six, and lost four, whilst 11 home fixtures had been cancelled ; 38 goals being scored for and 17 against. The goals were scored as follows :—W. Peacock (captain) 26, J. K. Jones 6, C. Burrows 6, W. Baylie 5, W. Walker 5, St Walker 3, H. Pye 3, W. Hough 2, and C. Limb, J. Hampson,F. Linton, W. Blower, J. Linton and W. Carter one each. The second team who like the first had suffered greatly through home fixtures being cancelled during the severe weather, had played 13 matches, won eight, lost three. and scored 35 goals, whilst 23 had been scored against them. The following were responsible for the scoring : —C. Burrows 6, J. Parry 6, F. Linton 5, F Upton 4, 0. Garvie 4, J. Linton 2, J. Bell 2, and J. Clarke, F. Bell, J. Jones, W. Baylie and W. Peacock one each.—The Trea- surer stated that the income during the season bad amounted to £2l 15s. Bd.' whilst the expenses had been £25 7s. 04d., thus leaving a balance due to treasurer of £3 lie. aid. He attributed the loss to severe weather which had greatly affected the home matches. The election of officers for the season 1895-6 was then proceeded with. Mr. S. B. Chadwick, J.P., was unanimously re-elected president, and Messrs. W. E. Hough, H. MaLeod and W. Peacock, were re-elected to the respective offices of secretary and treasurer, and captain of Ist team without opposition. Voting by ballot having been taken, the Chairman announced that the following persons had been elected to fill the under- mentioned offices :—Sub-captain,lst team, R. Ledsham ; committee, Messrs. J. Hampson, G. H. Grounds, W. Baylie, J. Leath wood and J. K 4 Jones ; umpires' Messrs. ' J. Lea.thwood (Ist team). T. Buxton (2nd team) ; audi- tors, Messrs. Burrows and E. Gleave. The question of joining the Warrington and District League was next discussed, and ultimately after full consideration of the matter, it was ultimately resolved that application be made for admission to the League. A resolution was unanimously passed to the following effect :—"That the heartiest congratulations and best wishes of the members of the Runcorn Association Football Club be forwarded to Sir T. Brunner, Bart, M.P., on the distinguished honour which has recently been conferred on him by her Majesty the Queen." A vote of thanks to the Chairman and to the several officers for their services during the season, terminated the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the Newton Urban District Council was held in the Earlestown Town Hall, on Wedaesday, when the chair was occupied by Mr. C. B. F. Borrun, J.P., C.C., and there were also present the following members of the Council :—Messrs.T.Ormand, W. Collingwood,P. MacMahon,J. Simpson,W.Thompson, jun.. J. Smith, J.P., J. Slee, E. T. Evans, and the Rev. E. W.W. Kaye; also Messrs. J. E. Worsley (law clerk), R. Rrierley (clerk and surveyor), W.Speakman, W.Lane, and H. Houghton. The Chairman said that that was the first annual meeting of the District Council, and the Law Clerk advised them that it was only a formal meeting. They met to place the accounts before the public,and formerly it had been the custom to elect auditors to go over them. Their Law Clerk, however, told them that in future the Local Government Board would appoint auditor;. It would be as well to appoint auditors for the present year until the Local Government Board appointed them. The accounts submitted were for three months of the present Council, the rest being for the old Board of Commissioners. By the assistance of Mr.Speaktu in he (the Chairman) had been able to ask the Surveyor a few questions with regard to the accounts. I ' I The accounts were then submitted.

THZ ACCOUNTS.

The highway fund account stated that the year com- menced with a balance in hand of £1.281 is. 6J., and the income included rates, £2,387 14s. 1(1. ; for sale of materials, Sto., £1,336 13s. 11d. ; principal and interest upon loans, £404 183. id. ; miscellaneous, 73. ; total, £5,410 14s. 71. This left a balance in hand of £1,720 is. 111. The expenditure included labour, materials. /sc. ,£2,731 73. id.; salaries, £188103.; rents,t73 16 41. interest on loans. £62 83. 10d. ; reduction of deht,£s9B ; miscellaneous, £3B 101. sd. The general improvement fund account showed the receipts to be £6,014 153. 5-Id. This included, balance in hand at tne commencement of the year, £2,711 103. 911. ; rates, £2,291 7s. 5d.; contribution fr.= the County Council towards salaries, £5O; princi- pal and interest on loans, £4633. 4d.; from markets and fair tolls, £327 163. 7d. ; private improvement, £l3 19 4. ; cemetery departmont, £152 jts..; technical instruction department, £180; public .buildings department, £214 163. ; miscellaneous. 226 17s. 10d. This leaves a balance in hand of £2.083 103. 1/d. The expsnditure includes salaries, £4OB 103. ; rentand taxes, £33 193. 51.; interest on loans and reduction of debt, £1,267 24. 11d. ; cemetery department, £312 153. 4d. ; technical instruc- tion department, £260.; public buildings department, £974 133. 11&L; miscellaneous £674 3s. 91. The water fund account shows the receipts to be £2,195 13+. 9id., which includes balance brought for- ward, £3OO 15s. 43.; rates £334 2s. ; rents, £1,511 53. 10d. ; iniscelianeous, £4O 10s. 3d. This leaves a balance in hand of £246 17s. 4d. The expenditure includes, capital account (permanent works), £93 15s. 6d. ; rents, £1.298 2s. 94. ; maintenance, £2OB 53.; interest en loans and reduction of debt, £177 ss. lid.; salaries, £ll6 103. ; rent and taxes, £3B 14s. 2d.; iniscellaneous, £l6 3s. 21. The public works loan account shows that there is a balance overdrawn of £458 18s., and the receipts on private street improvements to have been £lO. The gas fund account shows the receipts to be £5.989 15s. oil, which includes : Received from persons tor fittings, £7O 19s. 6d. ; for tar, coke. etc.. £786 163. 11d. renewal and repairs of fittings, £8 133. 91. ; rates and rents.£4,l69 0. 6d. ; customers deposits,£B 53.; balance overdrawn, £944 19s. 41d. The expenditure shows balance overdrawn, £944 193. 4d. ; permanen• works, £BB9 us. ; wages, £570 14s. 101. ; materials, £2,042 6s. 31. ; renewals and repairs, £646 103. 3.1. ; salars•s, £216 10s. ; rents and taxes, £134 153. • deposits, ; interest on leans and reduction of debt, 183. 11d. ; miscellaneous, £4l 193. 4d.

The education account shows receipts amounting to £l7O 13g. Id., which includes balance brought forward, £3O 13, id. ; and frnm overseers of the township, £l4O. This leaves a balance in band of £23 15i. 7d. The ex- penditure which inclades salaries, rent, &a., was £146 17s. 6d.

The rates uncollected are on the highway fund ac- count, £lB2 184. sd. ; general improvement account, £207 14s. 41 ; water fund account, £3B Bs. 101., with consumer's arrears. £69 108.3 d. ; gas fund account,con- Burners' arrears, £llO 15s. 3d. The summary statement of the loans of the Council is as follows : Gls works, amount borrowed, £11,350, amount repaid, £8,907 17s. es., amount now owing, £2,442 2s. 41. ; public sewers, £11,750, £10,200, £1,550 • water, £3 000, £1,866 13s. 4d., £1.133 6s. 81. ; public streets, £3.620, £3,391 63. Bd.. £228 131. 41. ; private streets, £11,220 104. 91, £9,969 us. 31,21,250 19s. 6d. ; cemetery, £3,500, £653 154. 10 1.. £2,846 44. 21. ; public hall and offices, £lO,OOO, £258 14;. 101., £9,743 54. 2d The total amount borrowed has been £54.440 10:i. 91. ; repaid, £35,245 19s. 71 ; still owing, £19,194 lls. 21. A number of questions conCerning the accounts were then asked by Mr. Speakman through the chairman,and were satisfactorily answered by Mr. Brierley. The Chairman said that the Finance Committee were con- sidering the subject of finance at the present time, and tiorne charges would no doubt be made in the manner of issuing the accounts in future. On the motion of Mr. Speali man seconded by Mr. Lane, the accounts were passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDITORS.

Mr. Ormand moved, and Mr. J. Smith seconded, that Messrs. T. Thompson and J. Williams be re-appointed auditors until the Local Government Board select their own. This was passed unanimously. On the motion of Mr. Speakman seconded by Mr. Lane, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, and the meeting was then brought to a termination.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR).

The vexed question of setts versus macadam which has agitated the old Board of Coro missionrrs for several years was brought to a conclusion at the last meeting of the District Council. As to whether the decision is a wise one, there is sure of course to be a divergence of opinion, but as to the merits of the two road materials, there cannot possibly be any manner of doubt. It has been proved over and ,iver again that for streets over which there is much traffic, setts are far and away before macadam. The first cost of the latter is much below that of setts, but, the cost of maintenance is greatly in excess, and in the end it will be found that street making by setts is by far the cheapest process.

The changeable weather hereabouts seems to be affecting the weak-chested people who live in this district. This is more noticeable on Sunday even- ings within the various places of worship. It is painful indeed, when the time comes for the minis- ter to ascend the pulpit, to observe what a large number of people suddenly find that they are affilcted witn irritating coughs. Ft only needs a start, and it would appear to an observant listener that almost everybody in the church seemed anxious to join in the contest, and, strange though it may seem, the contest rages most fiercely just at I the point when the preacher is making a telling peroration. Now I think an excellent plan wouki be for the wardens and deacons of the different sanctums, to appoint some reasonable person to promenade during the sermon, with a box, contain- ing some renowned cough lozenges, which he could hand to those who join in the endeavour to inter- rupt the preacher.

The Liberal meeting which was held in the Town Hall last week, was of a most enthusiastic and en- couraging character, and augurs well for the pros- pects of the Liberal candidate. Mr. Mon was well received and his address given in a lucid and tell- ing manner, was listened to with the greatest at- tention. It was admitted that the coming tight would be an uphill one,but this may be rendered easier with the organisation in a perfect condition. The new registration agent has now taken up his residence in the division, and when he gets well into his duties.he will doubtless be able to put the voters lists on a proper footing.

===== 0002601_18950622_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL INDUSTRY AT COOLGATtDIE

According to information received by the " Frank. furter Zeitung,” a fortune is being made in the Wect Australian goldfields by Mr. Bennett, not by gold dig- ging, but by a bicycle post. Coolgardie, the centre of 1 the mining world, lies 280 miles distant from Dunda and every Friday Mr. Bennett starts from Coolgardie oti his bicycle, and proceeds to his first station, a small settlement fifty miles away. Next morning he mounts his wheel again and travels all day,halting•for the eight aad thus proceeds until Dundas is reached, with aston- ishing punctuality, in spite of the badness of the roads. His wheel is provided with a letter-box, so arranged that a quantity of newspapers can be packed upon its lid. Below the bicycle hangs a water bottle. Packets are also fastened on each side of the handle. A knapsack on the postman's back contains further material, aml hanging to his belt is a leather bag intended for tele- grams, and containing besides a sharp knife and re- volver. For each letter he carries he receives a ehilh ng, for each telegram five shillings, and for a sub,criptii in of two shillings a week he carries the subscribers whole correspondence.

The result of the polling in the election of a member of Parliament for Inverness-shire in the place of Dr. Macgregor, who resigned, was announced on S.turday as follows :—Mr. Bailiie L U), 3,164 : Mr. Macrea (L), 2,514 ; Unionist majority, 650. In 1893 Dr. Macgregor (L) had a mainity of 329 over Mr. Mackintosh (U). LAWN '-.OWEIZS.- -GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Harlestown, - _

ALL lloussaoLD Mime, hemmed and marked free of charge.—J, and W. Dirnom, Sankey-st.. Wiirringtoa.—Advi

TEETH.

22, 1895.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT WOW

WAY BOARD.

held

nit! meeting of the above Autlioritrwas 11,. atßiswsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Captaln Withington, Messrs. Millington, H. Bate, Clare, Kerfoot, MattheWS• J•P., presided, and there were also presest A. E. White (deputy clerk), and J. Thompson (W" veyor).

HALTON'S BRIDGE. Mr. MILLINGTON asked what was being done with re- gard to Halton's Bridge. Mr. Thompson said that he v. as expecting a visit frem the county surveyor bable day with regard to this matter, and it was pro that the Main Roads Committee would deal with it 61 eVarY

their meeting in July or August. DISCOVERY OF COINS, AND A CANNON BALL AT , WINWICK. The SURVEYOR reported at the cottage at Sankey.o that corner, Winwick, had been pulled down and the road ' widened. He also said that a cannon ball, bullets, aa_u: bee 7 ; coins of the time of William HI. and the Georges, Dr_ bad aides a clock weight, and old clay pipe found in that neighbourhood within the last year or ts'7_ They were ia the room for inspection.—The Chain), , said that the pulling down of the cottage had beenon great improvement. He supposed that the old cann„ ball belonged to the Cromwellian period billetted his troops in the church.—Mr. Matt 50e gested that it would be a suitable present •for sot! owe the Irish members. (Laughter.)—The Chairmane 'did . ' don't want a statue to Cromwell at Win wick. n great deal of damage there. as Cron:lv/tr.,

TRNDERS. The following tenders were accepted for the ells t year: in. macadam to Bank Quay, and Gmtral, Brundrett and Company; to Collins Groevak, Kenyon, Fiddlers Ferry, Sankey, Padgate, Gl!z;ebfted ; Culcheth and Lawton St. Marys, Darbishires, l'"7,:tcyd and to Lawton Junction and Glazebury, Dee -kerbs,' Granite Company. For setts, James Downs ;,;",„s for Walton Bros.; socket pipes, Doulton and Co. ; 'tag for eastern side of the district, Lewis Birchall ; 'l.t iron western side of the district, James Warburton ; ettaan ; gullies, James Smethurst ; spades, H. N. ook ozeur shovels, Peter Caldwell ; engine oil, Spurner, and Co. ono AUY.L, EXTENSION OF THE WARRINGTON BOROUOU The CLERK CLERK read the following " d letter YAW ~b refer' received from the Local Government Board vil" ndati Warring_ons ence to the application for the extension of the holl-d of the borough of Warrington : " Sir,—l am dirte besT the Local Government Board to forward te I- whit" with,two prints of the draft of a provisional order, war they propose to issue for extending the borough m t the rington and for other purposes, and to state thathoe added areas referred to in the draft order, erencii se proposed in the representation of the Toscrl,_C°„ll.,-rtberls altered at the inquiry by the substitution of tne-- pee bank for the centre of the Manchester Ship Cal3e",ll print of the draft should be returned to any remark the Bes:,, be Wednesday night's post with ks it hl" desirable to make thereon, so that the or m der 03 ;best submitted in Parliament for confirmation at the (3°.- Ot .ssota possible date. I am e c., S. B. P so, secretary." Mr. Marramvs said that the Highway Boar--„,b„ertr satisfaction in any shape or form from the Local Life.'n bis ment Board.—The CLERK said that he intendecUl„tima reply to the Local Government Board to draw at' to that fact. This concluded the business of the meeting

OWEN'S GREAT SALE OF MANUFACTURER'S STOCK or BASSINETTES AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN MAIL U.Allll5' THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. ~sOOll OWEN'S EMPORIUM, 801 DEANSGATE,

MARKETS. WARRINGTON M AIME F.-WEDNESDAYeIe,"4IO FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY, BUTCHRo''' FISHMONGERS' TABLE. il e. d. e. d, 8. Lamb Muttonpe,r, lb 00 Be-f, Eng.,7 Si 0 sto 0 9 Melons each •_•. t °. - 01. sticko 3 ' Veal „ „ -0 10 Pears ........ •. 0 2_ 0 , Pork „ „ 0 6-0 8 Apricots each 0. 69:01100 Celery Oran g ers , each 6 ~,... '''- 0 . Pork sides , cured O5 -0 0 Cauliflowers each ° , _ 0 0 . Whole pigs„ so 7 6-7 8 Cucumbers eacho 0 0 1 Geese „ -9 6 Cabbages each ° 20 --- Fow's couple 4 6-5 6 Tomatoes Vl6 8- 0 2 . Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb • ..... ',f, 0- 0 .'" I Ducklings ~7 6- 0 0 Spanish Onions " 1- 0 : • 0 Rakddts 0- 7, ; Hares. each -0 0 Asparagus """ 0 _oi Pigeons „ -0 0 Potatoes IP load - 0 - • • 0 o 0 Part 'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New potatoes is tt',- 6 ...... 0 . Grouse „ - 0 0 Mushrooms Wtb t 4_l : Pheasanl s -0 0 Green Peas Pk ...1. 3_U v. Turkey ...... OO -0 0 Green qprouts M.? ' Butter, fresh 't 1 2- 1 3 13,ans,kidney lb Hen eggs 14 1 0- 0 0 Pomewanates...o ' 0 ' Duck -0 0 Walnuts ~ - 0 no . Apples Yo - 0 3 Lemons ~0 ^ --0 ' , Onions ~0 1 0 2 Cheese 0 0-- 0 0 ' o 0 55 0 • Grapes ~0 0- 2 0 Fine old 9 Cl''... 0 ' Pine Apple each 2 6- 3 0 Pest new • ...... Greengages ,tb 0 0-- 0 0 „ ordinary 4', 4 ..... Cherries „ ...... 0 0- 0 6 Lobster Vtb ••• O 6 1 Strav,borries „ 0 6- 0 8 Turbot „ __. 1 ' Damsons ~., 00- 0 0 Salmon „ • Plums „ 0 0- 0 0 Whitings ..... . 0 "6 _ Gooseberries „ 3 0- 0 0 Flukes „ ..... . 0 __. 0 4 Raspuerries „ 0 0- 0 0 Eels „ „ ...... 0 ."...... 1 . ' Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ „ ...... 1 " __. 1 " ; 0 0 . Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings ...... 0 4 _ 0 , Marrows each 0 0- 0 0 Codfish „ ...... 0 , 0 ; Seattle 1., 010 0- 0 0 Maoserel each 0 `.;...... 0 ' Rhubarb beh 0 0- 0 0 Herring r dozen' ' _..........

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAO

IiENTISTRY. Appointments unneneseary, but 0,41 De arranged.

TEETH. All consultations free. f‘if rEETII. Each patient informed beforehand the work required rrEEFH. Gold and other fillings at 111°Cierate charges. 11 An MD., also Lady AtteecisotB. Painless Extraction as hitherto by tbe of Nitrate Oxide. . TEETH. o . Maker to Dentists of 10.000 Pgo weekly. ,

Emma. of the late J. H . H. PARKINs())4

(DENTIST BY Exent.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREBT

(NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STIISO ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs' 3114 t, WARRINGTON, On WEDNESDAYB,'3f aLNI°39...° RUNCORN, On THURSDAYS, 13axnao-0. NORTHWIcII, on FRIDAYS, 18, AppLusts.oo4

MARRIAGES. , Warri4; STANWAY—MATHER—June Bth, at Pariah church. to jar ton, by the hey. A. A. Markham, Rieh4rd StatlYMY Mather. n Wt,o3; ATHERTON—ROBERTSON—June 9,11, at Parish - idler rington, by thl Rey. A. A. Markham. Zlehariah to Margaret Robertson. BERRY—LEIGH—June 9th, at Parish Church, the Rev. A. A. Markham, Edward Berry to Auo- DEATHS.

Junet,ii le 180 m: i htm: no,tiilttita i sG. i Toirke -U that Winw--ick-road Warriugtobt mAAtirt:Hhktoyeals.,......, A SHTON.goo 41" ~„niall warring/GS' Blizabeth Mather, aged 53 years. ..,. • 00110 P HARDMAN.—JuIv 8, h, at Watkin-street, 17 Orin Ha damn a ed eigb 1 _ , . g 52 years. AO Wellington-street, erald-street, Warrington. .•• "II rn —July Bth, at Dale-street, Warrington, Smith, aged I mouth. 10010 FRA.NOF J I / . iv rringtoll. , ' •• - U y 2th, at Watkin-street, a ~,, MEMORIAL CARDS "Vied% Just received a large Stock of LA.TEST - --- .. CAR% Mit.I.IOIIIAL OIRDS. Call and inspect sarnPlb'iow printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Waland We itendbills, Bill Heads, &e. Newest typv:7olos 1 MachinerY. f 1 JOHN S. urftEEN, • THE BOROUGH PHESit,,,,(O. __________; 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARR ,x..• $ l __-- We GEC° trees , s• arrington. —Printed and Published by Jotin at Ihe Azatratner General Printing Works. Nrietorib-"'s and Published also at 7We K16771.01el Offlie", High-street, Ritwcokit i', 32, and . 33, Mai.ket-street,, EanLESI

===== 0002601_18950622_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
L LANCA‘M IRE AGRICULTURIL , sOCIETY.—ORRAT SHOW AT PRESTON, JULY 7,28 th, and 2.7th,1895. PRIZES, value E 2 PAX). Horses, 16-4443, Sheep, Pigs, GoAts, Dogs, Poultry, Pigeons, Cheese, -tter• Roney. Working Dairy, and Implements. lIRTRIB3 CLOSE Ist JULY. JANIES BIRCH, Secretary. 3. B'ulaSwiek-st., Liverpool.

ARR LNG TON FOOTBALL CLUB SPOItTS ON WALKING DAY. SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF W. G. HURST, ebuoPion Cycle rick-Rider of the World. GRAND BOXING COMPETITION. CLR 011sTACLE RACES, FOOT RACES. "denies( n 6d. and le. &slide 6d. extra.

IPCAL OPTION.—ON TUffiDkY NEXT, JUNE 110:51nt4' 1895. A UNITRD TEAPERANOn DEMONS- -11.in ,tlPport of LOCAL 'OPTION. will be held In 4417.11410 HALL, RUNCORN. ADDRnS MIS will be 4 by Rev. CANON HICKS, M.A. of Manchester), 4.. WATKIN (of Liverpool), and THOMAS HARDY, on-Trent).

NoirTnt;°UNTV OF CHESTER, TO WIT. 18 HEREBY GIVEN, that the next QUARVEN SESSIONS of the Peace for it'lnTj,p7,„V OF CBES MR will be holden at the nazi ; ctiEsrEß, in and for the said County, on villactil, 'Deist day of July next, at half-past eleven %Pa 41 the Forenoon when the-Grand Jury will be °palled . • .7 litovi,7ring of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds Eildisbury, Nantwioh, and Wirrall, forming Itiinedeillter District, and the trials of all prisoners corn- lon;rft auch Kindreds, will take place at such ,76tri t-„,' The 'Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester ?tie ,-418 t be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, be°1111,1:1R of the Court on 'MONDAY, the let day of k at ball-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. will be Adjourned to the Court House, r,"trat, itt'sc NO lutsford. on WEDDAY, the 3rd day of July niarl-s„eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another a- "!Y will be empannelled. The hearing of all Ap- wofitahli: the Hundreds of Bucklow. Maccies- 1 riorthwich, forming the Knutsford District, prisoners committed from the last- tj will takis place at such Adjourned ,Tho Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- ztaitsciict must be in attendance at the Court NOUSE', ard°V at the opening of the Court on WEDS/MD.4.Y, I '541 - ‘4aY of July next, at eleven o'clock in the Fore- REGINALD POTTS, 011aittie.lerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. ,11th June. 1895.

rikt, FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SERMON LTD., WARRiNGTON. t burl `llllB.4gr,„t;he reconstruction of JUBILIIR BUILD- /4 it NBC'S in all branches will be carried on 14ali„ On a OLD MARIERT HALL, Tern,,riu 'fter To.D AY (SAT U RD AY), MAY 18th. 414 ""r4r9 offices are tskrn in Hi)!SESIAIIKT

ARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK BUTTERMARKET-STREET. It tAN (EBTABLISHED 1818.) mathit IS OPEN DAILY from 11 to 1 O'CLOCK. atilt 31 °AM 4 O'clock,and Saturday nights 6to 8 o'clock. to SHILLING and UPWARDS RECEIVED, 411-44 in 0u eyear. £2OO received in one year for tt;'etir!gleCet` ye:flme-a Stock, AnyNo chArge for Piss Books. _ onas strictly private PAyments on demand up hs mount ov d er £lO after seven aye notic-,. 111`4,toth YSITORS in this Bank now number 11,022 and b,t thAt,,elr er,dit £3OO 293 us. The Of6ci il Receipt show- tharCkwer.,m •11. hods on account of this B oik much A. 181 r, the sbove amount cm be seen by any Depositor. ,t`Pgall,o_Ts are invited to examine with their Pass •,Itt Z RX:riete dAllOOe3 (on the counter), cer- .ue amounts due to them. 401-1 N RICHARD PICKNIERE, Chairman. 441 A WILLIAII LONG, Vlet.-Chairman.

I litlitit RICHARD BEETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMEE'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. 2PITIP. •MUTTON, LAMB. VEAL. PORK, An., Attwavrt en hand. from 50. to 80. pr lb. °RI) MIS PROMPTLY AT lANDlill TO, and delivered when required.

r-\ $ 1 —ER S ' LANE COAL WHARF' Nu WARRINGTON. I'EARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND to Itio, IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, . HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. 4, eAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS if FA,Siti„,, NittpliiLa of Rouse Coal, Nuts, Bump, and Engine I, 4 pi:o''lt• Wagons sent to any Railway Statio , 11 4iPtiy mttended to. Telephone No. 98. --.Ord.Ts reeblved also at 19a, Sankev-st.

,W4QT. !atm To-OTON UNION INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS.— N4,14.4kk 1./;•IIAnts.—WANTIM. by the Guardians ol the 0444)b4et—r"°n. a pr tctical man and his wife (without the age. ot 25 and 40 years, to dischar,,e ti.llor, Boys' Instructor, and Mother of one of ; P.d.tate :schools. Ap, licants must be active, Ittiq,ktl e 45 ta make themielyes generally useful. Zjisic)las,F,antium, with apartments, rations, 4ke. Ap- i%N'ltt te,tinsonials as to character and competency th_411.40,7r. Mines, Superintendent of the Schools horn ‘44. termation and particulars may be obtained, not "daa'. July Ist C. SUTTON. Clerk, By order War!AngtlionnS

114 w. i'leefvuo. RENSHAW. Pin. oPPosite Waterloo Hotel, MARCHES "• PEOPLE'S MODEL," l'etet, yes. lull triehord, check action, panel Vron frame. in veneered cities, £22 cash, or atj.°btalned by easy payments of 12s. 61. ,011ti7“ Deliver. d free on receipt of first .i.g4 hire. Pianos on lure system from ,Illetlntlthly, by all the leading makers. All "Lnee.c.ents sold by 14ENSHAW are folly war- I Spoi +oCadlliy, opposite Waterloo Hotel. tAlneel and repaired or taken in exchange. ill AMERICAN ORGANS. .Illet,llllsnfai. with knee swell, in handsomely ttkief 1,-. Mirror cases, from se. 6d. monthly till ,411 Z t„-RAW' teing a wholesale dealer, can give j''s to the public that ordinary dealers .1410. deals fairly with his three years' folt4-erl in eases of emergency. He does not N°.,:'n money and instrument. fula.'"AW supplies dealers with Pianos and I,4„lti4slcie7 BUY YOU E PIANOS OR ORGANS AT (4 -4,-r4ws.B3,PICCADILLY, MANCHES- -4W °lf can get them better and cheaper /11/ye

QILK UMERELLAS RECOVERED from kJ 35. any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 35. Repafra.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

I?IIPTLIES. - FOR CURB OF RUPTURES. 1-11., T. EGGlNGTON'Slniproved Effectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered ; tensulting hours 10 till 3. Truss 1 and Surgical Appliance Works.? 19. Grosvenor-street, Lou-, km-road, Manchester.

RIMIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffield and Rleetro Plate, Antiques, DentolGold. Ae. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J Hirris Gibson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office 1 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from 4125 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l6, Repayable Eis. Weekly, Entire Charge El Es. 3d. £5O. '. `2os. ~ PR £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s, ,' RS 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL, (Late Nag's Head), WARRINGTON. RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, BILLIARDS. 6110 PS AND . STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCIEWEPPit,'J3ASS', GUINNES', AND T. - _•JAMESON'S. FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND STABLING. CYCLIST AND •PIG-VIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOlll S. STIRRUP, PROPRIETOR.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated efectual FT OOPING COUGH cure without internal HoonNG -COUGH medicine. Of all Chemists price 11001ING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole Whole- sale Agents : W. EDWARDS BRONCHITIS AND box, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. CROUP

THOMAS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN ROT EL, EARL ESTOWN. ROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAILAND EXPRESS STHAMBRS. From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Saturdays and Mondays, Saturdays and Mondays, 10.30 a.m. and 4 pm. 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. Other week-days 11.30 a.m. Other week-days 9 a.m. Mondays extra 12-30 p.m. ONE DIY EXCURSIONS. Saturdays and Ntondays. From Liverpool 10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Due HAiglas about ...2.15 p.m. Due Liverpool about 745 p.m DAY EXCURSION FARES : Fore Cabin 4s. 6d. Saloon 7s. LtvrEPoor, TO RAMSEY, Saturdays Direct. 12.30 noon, Thursdays, ma Douglas 11 30 a.m. FARB', Return (2 months) Fore Cabin 55. 6d., Saloon 'Rs. 6d. Week Ends (Friday or Saturday to Monday or Tues- day), Fore Cabin 55., Saloon Bs. Hall Caine's •• Little Man 161.nd " forwarded on receipt of stamps, value 2d.. by the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

GLASGOW. CH RAP RETURN TICKETS valid far ten days issued between Liverpool, Greenock, and Glasgow— ! Cabin, 158-Steerage, Bs. Goods hooked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham. Wolverhampton .and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co. and Shr( pshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENoCH The first-class full-nowered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARBICII DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers In terms stated in Saiaing Bills, to be had from the Agents -- From From Prince's Clarence Dock Landing-stage JUNTO. (S.W. Side) at prompt, at Bear Tuesday, 25th, 12 noon 2 p.m. Owl ----Thursday, 27th, 1 p.m. 4 pm. Bar vaturday, 29th, 3 p.m. 530 p.m. Ordinary Fares :—Cabin,singlejourney(including steward's fe ), • 126-61. ; Return. £1 ; Steerar, singla journey, Ss. Servants in cabin, full fare. Children above two years and under twelve years of age half these fares. Ordinary heturn Tickets are available for two Months. C. MACIVISR & CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool ; and 9, Albert-square, Manchester.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. , LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERT W IZDNIKHDA Y. .TEUTONID Wed., June 26. 1 BRITANNIC Wed. July 3. Cotton not earnest on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The ' splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State ROOlll amidships. Apply to Dinar, Intim, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. 8.C.. and 10, Water-street, Liverpool 'THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. TRH BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea P,stage. Express Serviee Daily (Sundays expected) commencing June BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 20 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 955 a.m. Special Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. 64. } Trains run Third-class and Saloon . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lie. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICH.—CIRCULAR TOUP Tickets aVAI table for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or tare versa, an now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s, Id. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 61. Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route aw'y wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney tesengere Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grang Uherstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. LAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, SEE "'UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-aTREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

SCHIERW ATER AND LLOYD BOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal, fame for these Watches as THE BES f TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance-- ...... EI 10 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 C 0 Gold. from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED In large and snutll quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REFD, JEWELL:IR AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chsnot). Strings. Bows, Cases, ,to., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC RRPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCIIP AT 37, RENSHAFI-STRENT, LIVEKPOOL.

rrOOLS—FO RFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, 1 CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOOK. Joiners', Ship Carpenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasiltters', Plasterers', Shoernak re'. Butchers', and Mechanics' Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21. ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £1 orders andabove.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 161. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 241. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 391 AND 41 DALE STREET, 121 LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

gpbipping potitto. NORWAY, 1895. FORTNIGHTLY YACHTING CRUISES By the Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. "MIDNIGHT SUN " AND "NORSE KING." From NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE every Saturday, at 7.30 p.m. Fares from Twelve Guineas, including every modern convenience and luxury. Apply for Itineraries to JOHN WALKER and Co.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington, or to FIBRIN, HOPE and Co., Baltio-chambers, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

IVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BANGOR, BEADMARIS and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY SAIL- INGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.S. ST. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrive, Liverpool 7.30 p.m. Special Reduced Fares for Parties GP previously arranged at agents or at Office). NB—From 6th July and each saturday to 26th August the "BONNIE PRINCESS" will sail from Liver pool at 1-30 p.m.. and re urn from Wales early on Mondays. For Fares and further particulars apply to Peers Brimelow, Horse and Jockey. Warring on, J. Whit- ley, Stockton Heath, Messrs. T. Cook & Son. Swan & Leach, limited, Dean & Dawson, 11. Gaze & Sons. Ltd or to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED, T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY. at 2 D.M., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about 8-15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI tiRIDGE, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. 9 AM. HANK HOLIDAY. 9 A.m. A SPECIAL EXCUR iION will also be made on WHIT MONDAY, leaving at 9 a.m. for LLANDUD BEAU- mAnIs. and MENAI BRIDGE, arriving back about 8 p,m. Six hours ashore at L'andudno. Low 'am, For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

BEST AND QUICKEST ROUTE TO NORTH WALES AND BACK SAME DAY. HOLYWELL, ST. WINIFEED'i WELL, PEESTITYN, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FAL() N Average Passag.- if Hours. Will Leave Prince's Landing,tage (weather and other circumstances permitting). From LIVRt'OOL.I From MOSTYN. Monday, June 24... 933 am. Monday June 24. 12 30 p.m. Tue day, June 25 lO am. I Tuesday,June 25, 130 p.m. Wed'day. June 26,10 30 a.m. I Wed'day June 26. 230 p.m. Thursday. June 27. 11 0 a.m. I Thursdar , Juoe27, 3 30 p.m. Friday, June 28 l2O noon I Friday, June 28, . .. 4 0 p.m. SatuMay. June 29 ! 0 p.m. Satur. ay, sune 29, 6 0 p.m. Sunday. June 30, 230 p.m. I Sunday, June 0.... 60 p.m. Single Fare. Return Fare. Deck ls. 6d. I Deck 2s. Od. Bridge 2s. 6d. BridLe Refreshments on board at moderate charges. For further particulars apply to the Flying Falcon Steam.,hip Co., Ltd., 27, Water street, Liverpool. lelephone No. 2334.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 01011108. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR riUNAED LINE for ICEW YORK every SATUR - kJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

ADELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. - A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW .L-1 YORK, direct every SATORDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON.i. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AMTEALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER' OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENTS.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manch ster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificisi Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidenos of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing tlipm of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown awl Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT PD FREE every FR I DAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.U. Lett.n patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MAC DONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladles In attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD., Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address t NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRI DAY,II a.m.to 8 :ro MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION, Special Arrangements. &c., for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. HEAD MASTER : Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.,,F.R.G.5. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus, &c., on application.

THE KING'S SCHOOL. CHESTER. Founded 1541. TWELVE RING'S SCHOLARSHIPS ptiding exemp- tion from tuition fees. Four valuable Habib ions (260) to the Universities. Boarding tee from £36 to £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2, £l6 per annum. Full prospectus from the Rev. the HBA.LI MASTER. NEXT TERM BEGINS MAY 2ND.

EPPS'S GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. 1 COC 0 A BREAKFAST-SUPPER. BOILING WATER OR MILK.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER, OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, BARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order, NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stook. .

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 87, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINOTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire, Life, Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance C 0... Best Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements. T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND ORIMNRY HRECITORS,•PURNACIE CONSTRUCTORS, DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTILAOTCRS' WORK EsTIMATED FOIL

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADE'S plus. 107. Jubilee-terrace, Wolverham pi on- ror d, EADE'S pILLS. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1E93. Dear Bir,—l write to thank you E A.D plus, for the very graatarouunt of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam lad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for Toe grand Filial should have been unable to do so„ and am quit- certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN MAL GOUT I am extremely thai, kf ul. as I can still keep at rny wor t. I shall use RHEUMATISM every endeavour malts your Pills more widelyAnown. You GOUT may use this how n think pro- per.—l remain, youro taiihfuHy, 1110 HEUMATI II:3. GUEST. fl "Mr. G. Bade." -- EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATI9 PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road, London. 8.C.; and Bold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. lid. acl Es. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS • DR. FOX COUGH AND VOICE WA FERS THE GREAT REASEM. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESq, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTION!, OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Vi afers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain aiiy deleterious ingsedlents, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and yds ng. D COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared onl by GEORGE BADE 72, GOSwIILL-BOAD, Lom,nort, And sold everywhere n Tins h 1 each. 'ree from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps d 1a&pl Order. No Home should be Without the Ilouseh9l4 ~,vouritee " S TANLEY ' BAKINGPOWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURED:BY J. MEADOWCROFT AND CO„ STANLEY MILLS, BUNT.

Lola) BROS., -91" ots.lP FOR -S IS) 4.

BEST, THE NEWEST, AND THE CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE,

THE NEW LONDON SUMMER. SUITINGS, THREE GUINEAS. MADE ONLY TO ORDER in the Latest London Mode in Confined and /fire !naive Designee. One of the Finest Selections in the Provinces. C. SUNDERLAND, 18, NORTH JOHN-STRERT, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS PASTRYCOOBS. CONFECTIONERS. AND RESTAURATEURS, 98 Atm 102, BRIDGE STREET, CYCLIST CLUB. AND PICNIC PARTIES Catered for. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &C., Supplied at the Reetaurent. 102, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIRE FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACHERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. I COAL SIMMS : SLATE WHARVES: aelephone No. 19. Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Idaison-street, Noncom Garstun,, Mold Jn. Arpley, Warrington.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE PEAMES. AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STRBET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND BvsnyTHING

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, do, Delivered In bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should Ise given early n the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R, D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham , Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 6d., 10d., and is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, WAERINGTON.

(MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. IThe only Cure for Colds. Coughs, I Bronchitis, &c. - MORIVS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. 4 The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. - MORRIS CHEMIST. L ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

'T7 9 9 EATING'S POWDER. —this Powder, so celebrated, Is known as being perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, FLI4AS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all Insects (while perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woolens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. To avoid disappointment Insist upon having" Keating's Powder." It is sold only in tins, and .very genuine tin has my signature " Thomas Keating "on the label, See this to prevent being defrauded. 3d. 6d. 15. LABG BR TINS. 3d, 6d. is. LARGER TINS.

GOOD NEWS YOR LADIES. A LADY, the daughter of a late emi ,ent physician, will 111.. be pleased to forward full par iculars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed, Hours, 9 to 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangTEETH. All consultations free. 'rEETH. Each patient for work Informedreqrrehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendanta. TEETH. Painless ExtractkitraeLhlxhiedreto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. /hors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 48, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. Tam. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGB-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPIAMARKET-ST

HOLIDAYS. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON, Has all the latest novelties in SUITINGS, V.OUNAS, and OTIIIIR CLOTHS For either LADIES' or GENTLEMEN'S wear For the present season. A LARGE ASSORTMENT of GLADSTONE and other TRAVELLING BAGS.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. THR TURF RBGISTBR, Published twice daily, . Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address, SPBOIAL ARRANGRIBBNTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACKS.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Price!! et-published Wee daily durin; the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address . NORTHUMBERLAND PLATE, LIVEPROOL CUP, STEWARDS' CUP, Ac., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

LA HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE 'TAMS OF PURE HAIR, 105. 6d. —HAIR COMBINGS pr oz. I IMMOVABLE 1 from MADE CP, f 2e. I SCALPETTES, I 218. SEALER BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRBBT, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND OREELL COLLIERIEB.I COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER BMWS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

publirationo. ri IHE T riUTH ABOUT UMW MERING.—Anyone interested will receive the latest information and important books on the cure, on I an, post free, without charge, from Ithurial, Meagre. DEACON'S, 154; Leadenliall-street, London, B.C.

4HOW TO ENSURE 11 EALTII."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility past free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale square, Barnsbury, London, N. AGOOD PLAN.—The safe%t, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Pull of valuable information. Address GEORGE Eys.Ns and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London, B.C.

117 REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious proscriptions and compounds, which do you no goo, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I wM send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength. wasting weakness, Sm., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO BLUCTRIO ITY. Sent In env, dope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH 92-93. Great Russell-street, Lowdon,

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1.000,000. Es PABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Stcretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H. RIGRRY, Central Station, St. Helena Mr. J. 11. LEACH. Hardshaw-street Knutatord Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

FITS OR EPILESPY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. most, I will demonstr ite to the whole world hosi,trat been dre.dful of all conaVaints, "Epilepsy," l'hic"Aly Orel, h thorto consi ered hcnrhle, can be perma!rs,loretary, (unthout the chance of fail .re). Write to the lc Dondoll. Durwood Hue, Durwood Place, Hyde PBr for CU"' He will send you. " Gratis," tull instructions

CURE" i°l' "AS A SAFE, PERMANENT, AND WARONT7e nd Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Rid Legs Skin and on ~ and Sores M kinds. 'we can with c° lt , co' recommend ()twit i's World•famed Blood ixi ure.. roof certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science Ana, nynial° skill have brought to light." Thousands of Test° roles,' Sold ever., ,a here. :it N. 9d. per bottle. Beware mitations and substitutes.—Advt. audio CADBURYS' COCOA.—" A suitable food alike for _lllO 11 up the growing body, and for rep tiring the waste incidental to all processes of life."—"llealth*"

GIVE EASE AND Cii.tiFOßT DUEIN-1 P.ea.eint, Cooling Aperient for Child, en of 55, Try them and prove their value ,or yourse"'„-.09t free t3old everywhere in packets Is. lid. and 24. °r 14 or 34 stamps, cole Proprietors DOr. PRITCHARDS LTD. call:l4lST. Cli6A AINCIIESTER. tad klel, Royal Laundresses say Critchley's • Is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish 1 nn, .Ic,, either cold or boiling water starch. Mr wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen w' ~sts,o6 0-011 " ,itarch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford • „ I am pleased to Inform you that I have tried ros•"Yyours• Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal l'nd should be used in every house. sold at Id.. 3de [nest staten sellets. If not in stock willl- Calv•vii.6;7. 151evAld-eirn. Piltorietor.— 4.14

a:7,1(1:i lat rijuue.ttls:L6CaUhciolihiladpn.cse-iii l Chancery-lane, lo: Mir ni'dlSl). LA,.1.t... sod it. 5:-.10,' 7:'itr Manch, ster for his Bo k, post free 7d ---- _OB"ATOBACCON.ISTS commencing" Hid. guide r, (259 rgusgeo r CeoNISTq CO.-186, Euston-toad,London. Pi HY. M'SERB Est. 186 S. THE RUIN OAF V "I`ll.,RiAtiLler tiCo:igh," THE PLAGUE oF LI - NNER OF DEATH: Which THE FORERU ri ogh• ao, Which may be CURED now by the IMMIWIA,TtIaIt li A LL'S R INFLu LUN G RESTORER FOR 4;fl OS' nAI Registered AND 1 UNG NTS. "" It ESTOEE it COM PL AI - viol 0, p 0 0 .. Little Cougb• Never Fails. It POSSESSES2g LUN G to SooioE. Itto to '- HEAL, which e RESTORER other pre Fort covet] s 1,05. LUNG on CO 0 RESTORER to Oil Never Falls. It NEVER FA11.'3,10. LUNG INSTANT RNLI ItESTORER OSS • Tws F I RST V /no is A sooTIII5Z7vog. LUNG mins TO TllO . RESTORER IN DUG E 3 SIAg gr garationt LUNG RESTORER Never Fails. DuLCatippatiAnidl/11:::::::: LUNG FOE WIIOC. 00.-1 CV RESTORER E SETsOTN Roe,: PailsrßEß DOES N 0 T. 0:0 ill'iit Ile: g LT IT ACTS Ligli A oNgCbiliripi:e Uu NN:I4IR HALL'SDI3OO ll' a-4 Regiatered ESTABLISH GIVES INSTANT NEVER krAlbS. RELIEF. FAILS. EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITN- 5 ri fd6". to Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, ~.11001150 PROVES: j0V4:2:100.1.../0" , To Mr. Thoth HALL.—' Dean SLR. -1 s'l7lf Pour l'i) JO teßhstsif Tyotßo Ethße, gwretaitiebhenlefikt.dveerived from the"' ? lolielZrel my home—La Home—ia two cases particguilvaernly °its eßilf":strtr-,,e 0004 to recommend it to all my tripods. loos, havin2 cured most obstinate Coughs. 1 ° LuCNAGUTRIOBNsT. " 00/9 —ORWERbeu, -- don you ask, pe sk' a;sk ua T else. Upon the outside wrapper of every o'4 gigtel" . tti"'' appears my Trade Mark (the figure of floPOP+a Beware of fraudulent imitatione and innov,stioaa .... ijoy 10 Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere .I,lolllt ~0, Is Id. and 25. 9d. Should tUser" obtaining, it will be sent carriage rapt on roff;Xo VW,' ria ti7atccetle.P!inaesi',..,,thitAill, for the amount, from THOS. HALL, S street, London,

10)LACKPOOL.—Creseent BOARDING HOUSE, 19 and 20, _LP Lansdowne err scent, C:aremont Park. POLACK POOL.—CLARIP MONT BOARDING ESTAB L I SH - -LP MENT, 13 and 14 Lansdowne Orrsoent, Claremont Park. Tariff.—R. H. MABBOTT, proprietor.

ILANDLIDNO.—BoardIng Establishment near Post Office 1/ and Pier. Home Comforts. Moderate terms.—Miss WILLIAMS, Bryn Arfon, Church Walks. 101 AMSEY, ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BO i ED I G ESTABLISHMENT, facing sea; near pier; tennis courts, golf, &c. TAble d' Hote 7. Tariff.

LIOLWYN BAY, Pension Edelweiss, 2. Grove Park. kJ Private Board ng House, home comforts. Terms £2 2s. per week. Winter terms ss. per day.—'lbe MISSES IiETE- MEYER.

IVBIV BRIGHTON, Pioneer Refreshment Rooms 51 II Victoria-road. Good accommodation for commercials. excursionists. Cyclists and pleasure parties. Dinners, teas /cc. Good beds. Charge or contracts.

COLWYN BAY. "Home from Home" Boarding &stab- liehment. Near sea and woods. Beautiful situation. Board and residence from 20s. per week and daily terms.— Mrs. BRACKSTONk, Plas-y coed.

J LANDuDNo. _ WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST -14 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 156.—E. BIKER, Proprietor.

QOUTHPORT. SUNNYSIDB HYDRO-PHYS., Dr. BARNARDO, Summer and Winter Res denoe, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, tine sea view, near park. pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer Terms from is. per day.—J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34T0 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

HYL.—Comfortable Apartments ; sea view : well-fur- It ; good cooking, attendance ; next Parade ; per- fect sanitation. Moderate. 18 Queen-st. I ARUM DO I, SLR-BEDDED ROOM and Sitting-room ; kJ cooking and at t mdamce, 12s. per week, tbree miles from Beaumarie.—JoNEs, Tyddwynhaer, Llangoed.

LACKPOOL.—Comtortable APAIs TMENTS, with or WI hoot t)oarei • reasonable charges; piano.—MRS. BROADBENT. Belmont'llouse. 19, Hull-road.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs KENTON, 26, Talbot-square; corn- fortable apartments ; three oors from Catholic church; terms for apartments pi ivdte or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

BRTHSIIIRIE. Two public parlours. nine bedrooms. bath- room, (H. 0. servants accommodation. Good situation. Good fishing district. -Lass. WILT, Fionnagbal Rouse, .Pitlochry.

QOUTHPORT FOR HPLINH.—No. 5, Promenade has kJ been recently beautified and substantially furnished for families used to good hDmes. Address or apply to M. Jon FS, as above.

D LACK POOL—Mrs. Holman (from Ae,!rington). Black- I) turn House, 12, High-street, 13lackf 00l Comfortable Ap•mtmenta ; two minutes' walk from Talbot-raact ttation mid sea. Piano.

BLACKPOOL, superior APARTMENTS public aPdprivate; 6 sitting-rooms facing the sea, ptmos, bath ; terms MOderate.—Mß. WALTON, 10, Ty ldesley Tel race, promenade.

DOCOLAS. MRS. CHALMBES and Mrs. LlfiraAßD, York HOUSE. Cattle Drive, facing Castle Mona Hotel. Splenoid Sea ViflW. Trams pass the door every few minutes. Private sitting-room. terms moderate. Home Comforts.

T LAND UDN O.—Superior Apar' ments ; clean, comfortable, JLA• homely; every home comfort ; grand scenery ; pure, bracing air. Terms very moder, te. Highly recommendel. Birmingham references.—Mrs. BARROW, Stone Grove, Lloyd- etreet.

DYSERTH, near Rhyl. ETO B LET, turn' hed, de- tached COTTA.GB, del gh fully situated. vri, h parlour kitchen, scullery, two bedrooms (single an d üble), ses and mountain vlaws.—Addreas Mrs. ttOBERTS. Bodunig, Dyserth, Rhyl.

TO BE LET, FURELSHED HOUSE, for V e Summer months, vrtth gArden and produce, brauti oily situ.ted, close to shore, g,od sea bsttnng. five be,rooms and sitting- room, larder, and kitchens. lerms low.—Address bliss LACE, Ballamaekskilly, Lliou Moor, Andreas, I le-of-Man.

NORTH WALES (one mile from Holywell and Pantaeaph). —Apartments in a nice cottage on the mountain ; pure and bradag air, beneficial to anyone in de:lcate health ; oi permanent home, If required, tur a larty or gentleman.— Addreas Mrs. LLOYD DaviEs, Brynford.

UGGS FOR SlTTlNG.—Parties desiring good and reliable EGGS, before buying should inspect my Pens of the following varieties :—Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghoms, Houdans, Light Bramahs, Langshans, Rose and Single Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks, Buff Cochins, all at 3s. a sitting; Indian Game 4s. Also first crosses of the following breeds :—Hourlan, Orpingtons, Golden Hamburgs. Goldrn Wyandottes, Brown Leghorns crossed with Buff Cochins, Indian Game. Houdans all at 2s. per sitting.—At Halm' DRAPER'S, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le- Willows. No business done on Sunday.

MR. RDMONDSON, Crank Poultry *Yard (Bstablished 1890). thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will confer a favour by Inspecting his Stocic before buying Bggs elsewhere, Plymouth Rocks, Black Minoreas. Langshans. Houdans, Dark Brahmas, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-Red), Brown Leg- horns, White Leghorns, Golden Pencilled Hamburgirs, Buff Co bins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. Od. per sitting of 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, and White Wyandottes, Black Minocras, Single and Rose-Combed Orpingtons. Light Brahma's, 3s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game 4s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carriage paid. Cata- logues 103 G free. Yard open on holidays. Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

4tsullantous. GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-BT., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Deacription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW BATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

fl ET 'S very handsome solid 9 klf carat gold ALBERT, newest Payments taken. design only forfeited this week. This is honestly worth £.5. Our £3 153. price is,

etHAI HS, a dozen strong kitchen CHAIRS for 17s. 6d. ; Gent's Rocker, Bs. 6d.; Lady's Nursing Payments taken. Chair, 4s. 6d. All thee e are in splendid condition and are nearly new; also a grand Pembroke table tor kitchen. 1 inch solid deal top, 93. 11D. extra well made, cheAp for

'TRY Handsome Parisian BED- V STEAD with solid brass mounts, usually sold at 505.. un• Payments taken. scratched as it was new 2 months ago taken in exchange ; will take 3') 6 to clear. oa4 S. d.

ADYS very pretty Gold Payments takes. NRCKLET and LOCKET,soIid gold. This is a genuine sacrifice 19s. 6D. f, r

JUST out 22 carat Wedding RING Payments taken. and ICREPMR, well worth £2 103. the two. My price is to clear 0,7 S. 6D. only

h 1,4 TS' very massive amid 113 carat Government Hall marked Payments taken. Signet RING, set with re& Blood- stone, a bargain tor 275. 6d.; also amther with solid 15 carat shank, richly chasd, only 21S.

XTELVET Pile TABLD CLOTH, Payments taken. V extra large size, well worth c) G Gs. 6 Rs.; our price is D. Don't miss this as it is a bargain.

T UST out Double Barrelled GUN, t.P finest twist Barrelis, made by a Payments taken. well-known maker, cheap to anyone desirous of a good reliable article. Puce only 355.

Aft CH aNWAIiR and bine —Secon, s, £2 orates; best. Ei £3 ;or w!1 send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s 6d. Write for lists, WEBB and Co., hallway Passage. Longton, Staffoi dshire.

Ai ARMED LAMM—INFORMATION or PRICELES In_ VALUE (tree).—Send stamped envelope to Mrs. LAWRVICE, 4, Bradley-street, Sheffield (please name Mil paper). DARING and CONFECTIONERY.—On Sale,good business .L.it in Baking and Orintectionery ; principal thoroughrare. For partieulArs apply to Mr. SHAW GREEN, Accountant, 18, W.rrington.

I)IIOTOGILAPHY maoe easy, Illustrated catalogue (post I free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house hi the trade; goods bought and exvhauged.—PHOTOORAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Manchester (All Saints).

-El °up D, a way to make On. Found go as tar as Three. The most wonderful ttoek of Gentle', en's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Cent's Dress butts on Lire, 3s. to ss. per day.— BLWOOD, 164, London-road. Liverpool. TORN LOWS, Fire awd Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON tit BALE Milner, Cluttwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and eecond•hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —.38. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

DRBSY BUIIS, 20s. excellent Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10a. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—ELwoon 164. London-road, Livernool.

h BUY'a 0 N GUN." fir s hu.lets. &o ,shot,or darts. 1 mute killer of birds, rabbits. tie. No powder or license required. Price 2s. 3d. Garden Guns 2s Bd. each. Shooting. Fishing. and Sporting Requisites' lists Id. Car- riage paid.—Joßtf kouLasToN, IYaturalist, underland.

Dttovq)r YGUIt GARDEN- from ravages of birds.— Tanned NE LANG, 35 square yards for Is. Will not rot if left out in 411 sorts of weathers. Sent any width ; car Hag.- paid ort all orders over ss. As supplied to the Hoyal G rd-ns. Sont on approval. Hundreds of Testimonials HENRY JOHN GA,cON, Fish Merchant, Rye, Sussex. r VENT:a I lents I I Tents !1 1 dititatne for Gardens, Cricket, or Camping-out Purposes, 40 feet in circum- ference, pure linen, with pegs, poles, and lines Complete. These tents are white. and have only been used a little by her Majesty's Government, and cost over ES each. I will send olie corn plete for 30s. can be sent on approval.—HENßY J. GA.SSON, Government contractor, bye, Sussex. II BURP STAM PI NG. —lOO Sheets, Extra Thiel( Superior Vellum NO'e Paper, stamped with 1. 2 or 3 letters in a I line, or any 2 letters in mon gram. deltvere.l free to any II address for Is 54. p'aln or Is. 101. ooloured. 100 Envelopes to match td.mped, the same for Is. 3d. plain or Is. 84. colouri-o, iii tie two for 2s. 64. plain or 3s. 44.coloured. Post-. age free. Stamps may be sent.—WATERS AND Co., Waterloo, near Liverpool.

BELFORD'S "TURPENA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA SWOLLEN LI ‘1 BS. or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my " Turpina," it will speedily and raiinally cure you Instant relief atter first application. Splendid testi- monials In bottles at Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.. and 4s. 6d. each, or post free ad. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps.—JAlDlS MIL- FORD, 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON, W.

icV ARLIE]) FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1886,—T0 PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London, for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—ail the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, &C. Further reduM on in prices. Wholesal. Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to co ntry and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern 40K just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MOREL'. 17 and 18. Great ht, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. 'telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. stock Lists end prices of glass rnouthly,free.

IN SALE. JN.PItI SOW (large breed), close at band. Alao a few stores.—W. WARBURTON. Calland's Farm, Dallam, ear Warrington.,

flheap Good bred PIGS carriage paid,from healthy Bedf.rd- shir Stle3, Irom 12.. 6d. Large quantities going wkly to Lancashire are giv ng gooal satisfaction. As prof of this send and raw. extracts from 1895 Lancashire bovf letters, all strangers to me previously,--aleo other particulars. ILD • GAERATT, Barton, Ampthill.

ER1)&01 Saliftntitegs earnageO, srt. " ATTENTION I" ROWE WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices. but as you can purchase a BUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is. worth your while to ignore the many cheap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Buy a RUDGE or WHIT- WORTH, and save the endless sums f r repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (7) made of gaspipe and bedstead tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon the r der of a crock. Guarantees from many agents and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the I ycle T,ade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guara, tee of the LARGhST & °LIM." CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD, By Buying BUDGE AND WHIT WORTH CYCLES. Good Discounts for Cash, or on our New Easy Paymeat System. RUDG IT WORTH, LIMITED (nudge Cycle Co.. Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turning out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

BIiLSIZS Tricycle to be to'd cheap ; well stayed to carry 16 at. weight ; in excellent conditioo ; ball bearings throughout, including pedals ; 30 in. wheels ; lamp, cyclo- meter. Littleroad, Sencombe.

'MICKEL PLATING and ENAMELLING.—High-class 11 work only. All work coppered before plating, and returned within three days. Send for price .list.—CycLE WORKS. Ashton-in-Makerfield. Lancashire.

(llf CLEM— Before purchasing call and inspect my stock. V cheapest ever offered, prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 25a. ; Cushions, from 35..; and Pneumatics. from £4 10s. ; exceptional bargain.; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices ; all kinds of machines exchanged.—PAllTlNOTO2f, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deansgate, Manchester, and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpool.

FREEL FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES I SAFSTISI SAFETIES 1 Important to Agents,Dealers and others. Wholesale List containing 1000 (One Thousand) Machines, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. S. per cent, cheaper than other makers or agrats. Why pay more or fancy prices ? Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once for the largest and most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling vane and no large profits. W R. WABEILOW., Cycle. Works, Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare. CYCLES CYCLES!! THE FINEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED, DUNLOP PNEUMATIC TYRES, 210 10 0 SLADE'S OLD ESTABLISHED DEPOT, 73. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BICYCLES! BICYCLES! J. WADDINGTON, THE WELL-KNOWN WARRINGTON RIDER, SOLE AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, BRADBURY, ROTH- WELL, NEW HUDSON, WELLINGTON. AND IMPERI ,L MACHINES. Uneqnalled for Material, Design, Workmanship, and Finish, at POPULAR PRIORS. Repairs. plating and enamelling. Waddington and Robertson's patent famous MUD GUARDS. WADDINGTON CYCLING DEPOT, 26, ST. J MRS-ST.. RN UTSF ORD-RD. (just over the Bridge), WARRINGTON

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good tvrviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd.. for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they a e light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for " West's " ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 28Ibs. weight, price £ll I.os. each, equal to Machines shown In town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £T ICs. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from is. 4d. each. „ BELLS from Sc!. each. „ MUD GUARDS from is. 2d. each. „ SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each, „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 41-d. eack. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competent workmen. W. P. & NV. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARK ET-STREET, WARE I NGTON.

yOU WOULDN'T HAVE THOUGHT IT, WOULD YOU? It is a simple matter to sell Cycles at 50 per cent, lower than anyone else in I iverpool when your Rent and other expenses are 50 per cent less. • Direst from our Works. no Agents profits. As we do not touch" Easy payments," we do not charge an additional percentag, on every Vaehine sold to recoup us for losses sustained by this mode of business. We Guarantee all Madlines 1.2 months. -- PNEUMATICS FROM £7 10s. Od. LADY'S SAFETIES FROM .C 8 103. Od. DEMS DUN LOP WELCII TYRES £l7 17q. Oa. T See our SPECIAL RACER and ROAD RACER built to order, any wtight most up to date Machine on the road. £lO IOS. OD. TO £l2 12s. OD. RECORD CYCLE MANUFACTURING G, OLD POST OFFICE PLAOB, OLIURCH- STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CLENRAINCE OALE OF CYCLES. A SELECTION OF HIGH-CLASS MACHINES TO BE SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST. " Triumphs." " " Splrkbrooks," "Trent," "Flying Wheels,"" New Rapids," &C., &c. MUST BE CLEARED. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. CALL AND INSPECT FOR YOURSELVES. Purchasers should not fall to 'wall themselves of the excep- tional Bargains are now offering. ALL MACHINES GUARANTEED. Cash or Hire Purchase. Prices from El 7s. THE JOHN GRIFFITHS CYCLE CORPORATION. LIMITED, 41, CASTLE-STEER'', LIVERPOOL.

I_IOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best fork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landau.. Victoria., Wagonettes. and Photons. now for Sale or Hire.

DARVEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a posi ion to offor them at the exceedingly low price of 18s. per 100 or samples can be had at 5 for is. TER SMOKERIES, 58, HORSEMAIIKET-ST., AND YE OLD FOX INN, DUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. J. BES WICK, Proprietor.

I FURNISH. AT WORSLEY'S, "TOR PAI.TEIRON. Cl AYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. FURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FUBNITURE BY DOVESTON, OCIDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOoDALL, GARNBTT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED

SPECIAL NOTICE.—WORSLEY'S BUY, SELL, or EX- ORANGE FURNITURE to any amount; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture. go to Worsley's. Thera is more ganuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put togeth, r. If you wish to Exchange your Furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably dealt with.

WEEKLY CHAT.—Subject Second-hand Furniture.— Ihe opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- wife to put her house in order, therefore the matter of fueni- thing must be well discussed. We cannot, therefore, do b•tter than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- ciding where and what to purchase. This visit cannot pos- sibly but prove remunerative. if only in experience. The, Pantheon ' being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close tot he Central Station. having a frontage or nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled from floor to ceiling (six storeys) with the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World. This is not an exaggeration, but can be verified by ocular flernonetrat ion it you pays visit to Manchester. Suites of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall. Lamb, 6g.,0u, &C., original cost from £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £3O to £7O, for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Woraley's is the place as described.

rJIO COUNTRY BUYERS.—The enormons patronage en- joyed by Worsley's front customers all over Lanc,shire, Yorkshire, Cheshire, The Potteries. ail over the North, '1 he Midia Ids, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Worsley's. In future carriage will be paid on all enders over £2O to any part of England and Wales. It is only fair to say that better value could not be obtained than Wore ey's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what otstance 3nu live frem Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per 'cent.

YAUTION —Bee are of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- niture, no matter how low the price is- it is dear at any price. Worstey's have second-hand reliable furniture by good makers, which will last for ages. Th-rs is no disputing the fact that high-class second-band furniture is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the arti6e is old- fashioned. This is easily remedied at Worsley's, they having over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising second-hand fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand, side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevelled, and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering, grub eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture is not troubled with these complaints. They give a written warranty for 10 years with all furniehhing orders.

VEW Woreley's new furuiture is their .1 own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-hand. Worsley's have, there- fore, erected a Cabinet Woks in City-road, with an Immerse stock of seasoned timber for the production of reliable furni- ture. Every item in the Bedding Department is new, gu,ran- reed pure, under minute inspection.

COMPLET FURNISHING ORDERS.—Worsley's cater H specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimates free, ant be,ieve in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratio of profit than single articles.

GREAT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE HOUSES OF HOUSE OF FURNITURE FOR £2O. A capital House of Furniture is now on view, late the properly of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss Side Manchester, contains complete furniture for sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rooms. hall, stalls, landing, &c. Full particulars post free.— WORSLEY'S.

TIOUSES OF FURNITURE (SECOND HAND). £lO, £2O, .230 £lO, £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture in sl ock have been considerably reilieed, complete lists of which will be sent on application post free. All guaranteed for five years.

TMPORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised be'ow are rriced at the lowest possible figure, for pr, rnpt cash; if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent must be added.

1r 11 R GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. -- COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. t- plendid Douse of ,Furniture, complete, the most substantial tot in this city, and containing more tor the money. The Dining-room bee a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, In hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- ful!. carved In bas relief ; has comfortable couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table too etch. extends to dine 40, with Incised early Engltsh legs n patent castors; a handsome Per tan bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,flre brasses and dogs complete ; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; arid las , wl.i•h Is thrown in gratis, and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adve-- lisement, a handsome Amerlten walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style to ma eh the dining-rooms suite. The Bedroom ,ulte is solid Cypru wood and Is a stAte which can be highly recommended. guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in stme establishments as much a+ we ask for the whom of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and es elled bedstead, lis complete fittit gs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets. curtains, fender, chamber ware, Sic. Also Kitchen Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs heavy white top table, fender, ashtian, and top bar, floorcloth or kitchen, landing, and hall. I will p tck anti deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per c-nt, extra if by defer!, d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, if you don't there is no harm done. —WOBSLEY'S.

• 4 CIS A.STI3OIJi UNHAPPY MARBIAGH.—WORSLEY ti offers a grand opportututy in a complete House ot Furniture, just purcnased in consequence of a disottrous marriage resulting* In separation. Th,- whole of the instal ure was made to oncler, and is In sp!endi4 condition. Briefly descried it consists of a fine sett of Dining-room i.nrniture, having a magmficent sideboard, modern 41 style, handsomely corved in bag relitf ; a suite of couch, two easy chairs and six padiliA hack single chairs uphoistered in rmrocco, a massive diningt-tble, telescopic extension, a substantial overmantei to mateli. and a coal eabioet, the whole be;ng in brown oak ; also solid bras, fender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale • Purniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a se.tee, two elegant easy chairs and several occas- ional chairs, a match overmantel, three occasional tables, coal eabinet said a massive solid brass fender dogs, and II: e- brasses. The I3est Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled ulate-glass centre door,dressing table. washstand, table de malt, three chairs and towel alter, a massive brass and enamelled Persian bedstead, vrth spring and new hair mattresses ; besides sundries. The .seconri Bed- room consists just the same articles, but is furnished in American walnut. The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Kitchen contains the usual requisites. The whole forms a compact, substantial, handsome house of furniture, space preventing anything like an adequate des- iptlon. The price for the lot is £1.22 10s. A lull list, con- taining every item, will be sent post frts.‘. The let will be wored tree until requirel upon payment of 5 p.,r cent deposit. Delivered free.—WOUSLBY'S, Gaythorn. _ _ CIOMPLWFB HOLISIC for £250. This Is a special bargArt, but would take too Much space to d scribe. It is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, end three bed rooms, servants' rooms, sin ing-room, kitchen, hall furniture, rte., carpets, oil- cloths. linoleuins ;in fact, every requisite. Full particulars on applieation.—WOUSLEY'S.

PPFAC lAS. A writ of Fier! Faclas has been the means of Woraley's securing the who:e of the turniture of a Doi on gentleman, and is now on view at Worsley's at an enormit s sacrifice. Prices are quoted separately for each room. If sold in one lot 10 per cent will be cledu ted, but any single article may be pur lia,ed Every art icle guaranteed for 1U years; delivered carriage paid.—lnspect lon Invited. Th- Dining Room Is hu.dsomely furnished In pollard osk, contains a massive suite, richly carved, upholster, d in the most expensive English morocco leather, stuffed in hair; magnificent sft. 61n s deboard, the most t.e-utifully marked and figured wood in England; a gr mil 12ft. dining table, heavy carved legs; a splendid heavy overmantel to match. also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and produced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly £430; our price £137. A wonderful b rgain.

The Drawing Is a charming picture of good taste, being en- tirely Chippenda'e co 'tains. briefly, an elegant sft. cabinet, all carved and perforated In Egyptian pediments fitted with bri Dant plate-glass panels ; a recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 6ot casional chairs all various desigus, wpilolsterei in silk Genoa as desired, selection cf tints submitted, the whole having been repaired for re-coyering ; a very beautiful over- mantel end a set of three occasional tables complete; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth 2250. 'lie Breakfast Boom is furnished in American walnut and would be acceptab e in any dining room, has a 61t. sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved In bas relict ; Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle haw, the couch an easy chairs are large and comfortably lux uricor; good heavy Dining Table, Overmantel, and Coal Cabinet, complete; the lit for which the ridiculously low price of 232 10.. will secure a great bargain. The Bedrooms, four in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The best hedroom Suite is one of the handsome:4 in Manchester, made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in remarkably handsome satinwood ; cost £250. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the 14. The suite consists ot the wai cl- • r. be Btt. d easing table sft., washstand sft., pedestal cup- bo.rd, chairs n.l rail ; our price for quick bale £65. Magni- ficent selid bras Persian Bedstead, sft. wide with spriu., matttess, thick hair mattress Silk Plush and Cretonne Dra- pery ; the lot for £2O. worth £6O. The Second Bedroom contains an extraordinary Pollard Oak Bedroom butte, by Shepperton, full sate .as the best room ; wardrobe fit , and is honestly worth £75 ; our p.tee £35. Th“ brass Persian bedstead, similar to the best room and completely fitted, will be sold for 212 108. The Third Be room contains a splenoid American Walnut Bedroom Suite lor 20 guineas, exquisitely carved, full of I:reality, and is agrand bargain. Brass bedstead comdlete as described above in the hest room for £9 9s. The Fourth Bedroom contains a Suite in American Ash, a full, complete suite for 10 guineas ; also a bras Persian bed- stead complete for 26 10s. The furniture as described above is on view, and will be packed and deity, red free, stored until required, and a writ ten warranty with everything for 10 years. OCkPli'l PURNITURIS American Roll-tap Desks in great variety,from £6 108. Flat-top Office Desks, from 303. ; Pedestal, Registered, and Cyl.nder D•aks from £3 10s. All to be cleared during the Mae h dale ; wonderful bare,ains. Add 10 per cent, to evervthingif on deferred raymenls.

TRY, AND DR CONVINCHD. Money advanced daily at 1 a few honrs' notice from £3 upwards, amply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply In confidence JONiii, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from EIO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For nepeetns and terms, apply to GEOW., PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from Jf2 upwards. No fees charged.. No security required. Sim ply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to' MANAGER, 22, Cirosa Lane, Bariestown (private house). How's 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

£3 TO £5OO. ON YOUR OWN sacußT rY. NO BONDS 1031 QUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Hooseho;ders, Flamers, Tradesmen and others. Male or Female. Repsyments Easy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office bouts 10 to 7, Satnvday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 125, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND W.A.RRINGTON. wit. JOHN R. GOODWIN continue/ to make ADVANOIik PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Mr aseholders, on their own security. ADMIX' TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, withrtat delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lani. anv Evening from et') 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive 2recisely the same attention.

UNION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY. LIMITRD Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO KEAD OFFICE-38, PESSEAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5 000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, 10., repay- able by instalments, or so may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week its. 9d. £2O „ Bs. „ £5O „ 20s. „ £ it. 0...... „ 408. „ £5O „ £lO „ £lOOO „ £2O , Pirst-ciass security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

THE GRAND SECRET OF BORRO WING MONEY is fa know a thoroughly respectable Office to go to in the hour of need. A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with tars° uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l.OOO, to respectable persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds ~ Delay. Life Pollees Repayments. „ Law Costs. by easy „ Publicity. At 5 per cent. Instalments. Capital can remain at interest This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

O VERTICAL ENGINES, 10In. Cylinders kJ Pickering Governor; also a BEAM ENGINE. 121 n cylinder, 281 n. I,toke ; both can be seen running at 851bs, pressure.—Address itio XXVI Rtu IC BRICKWORKS, near Preston.

T. GEGORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod kJ Grier, on, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, mad all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephoue 229.

pA TEN T OFF ICE MANCHESTER, BEITABLIEIRED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have har4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron man ufact tires. "Self-he pto the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. 0.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PA9 ENT A,BESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBEsTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' KINGS, SHEET( NGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the orthern Counties: F. R. P U T Z. 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND P UTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses: " Asbestos." Manchester ; and " Asbestos," Liverpool. .BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TIJ C-K AND C 0 ~ Limited. INDIA RUBBER Es PURE ASBESTOS GOODS LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, dco. Guaranteed quality. race, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA IPIDB MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester, London. Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 Wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars on application.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND YALUBE. Oirmns—Market Gate Chambers* AUCTION Rooms—No .1 sank Street) nstabB AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, 1710. , Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Pid Goa elitY ' tio, a oda ante° and Employers' Liability) Insurance A" a Established 1856. Warrington. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Associsthm Limit'ea* tabli shed 1878. krihtlinet/ National Bollerlnsurance Company, Limited. ws- -1861. A THOMAS COWBELL, ESTATE AUCTIONBER AND VALUNE. , Orarcas AND SOOTLAND-ROA D CHAMBaTON fiaxamoora f 45, SCOTLAND-NOAD, WAT Furniture on Sale by Private Treat 9. CONSIGNMENIS INVITED. • a

1 DR. SCOTT'S PILLS; ~,offer Prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all from BILIoUs and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTIOI'OO 0' SPASMS, NE 4VOLTS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILII To APPETITE', DYSPEPSIA. IIitARTBURst, CithhlsaBB. If•C' DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, att, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE .UW6 Itoser,v-' being mild in their operation and grateful to the ecretiol,„°' They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different 11 LiferL causing the neceasars organs of the Stomach and resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, P.- digestion and strengthen', g the *hole system. liR SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of householdir'se mei° to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of to°a th ir charge as by paying attention to the regular 8„,0001 the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe ," avoided or mitigated. poirlge. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square gree„n„, 113,9er bearing thenarne of the propletor, W. LAMBED', Mour Place,..London. W. By post for 14 or 34 staMlo NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. yeerS All letters to the Editor and contributions 0 should be written on one side of the paper Only.. j, 0 The name and address of correspondents mils" ts 9 a cases be given, not necessarily for publication 011 guarantee of good faith. for "3.: *** We do not hold ourselves respons"."' bleb opinions expressed in letters to the Editor, v 7 /40' . understood to embody only the "tows of the J 4

SPECTACLES 1 AND FOLDING BYE-GLASSES, SPRCTACLRS I Convex or Concave, to suit all Sights, OR FOLDERS. FOR 3D. A PAIR. 3n. A PAIR AND UPWARDS. Li. a Pair and more is charged else- A PAIR. where for the same Spectacles or Folders I will sell for 3d. a pair. I Sell GNNUINE PEBBLE SPECTACLES (whili I goarantee GENUINN Pebbles) for 2s. fid. a Pair; regular Optician's price ss. 6d. a Pair. mon= your EYES with my 34. BLUE or SMOKE- COLOUR SPBCTAOLES or POLDERS. All one price. DEEERT'S, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TO CYCLISTS. BEFORE CHOOSING YOUR MOUNT just have A LOOK AT OUR 1895 MODELS. COMPARE OUR PRICES, QUALITY, AND FINISH. This will satisfy you. BUY ONLY THE BEST MAKE AT THE LOWEST CASH PRICE. THE PREMIER, NEW RAND, EXCELSIOR, and B. AND A. CYCLES ARE THE BEsT. SOLE AGENT CTARLAND_, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Our Ten Guinea Bayliss Thomas Excelsior Pneumatic Safety, best value in the district. Don't miss it. It ilway Fares allowed toyurchasers.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton. Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester. Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston. Rochdale, Southport, Stalvbridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stock port, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston.S t.Heiens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield . Earle stown, Golborne, Lowton Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

('1 80. G. BUSSEY AND CO., the leading Sports Manufac- Of torero, of Landon, S.E., have published a most com- plete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Players and the like. If you cannot obtain a copy from the Local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B and Co., as ;trove. Cricketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price 61d. post free. BEWSEY-ROAD Y.P.S.C.E.v. WHITECROSS.—This match was played on the ground of the former and resulted in a win for the home team, Ball taking six wickets for four runs, and Gleave three wickets for one run for the winners. Score :—Y.P.S.C.E. 17, Whitecross, 6. WARRINGTON V. OLDHAM.—There was another capita attendance at the Arpley enclosure on Saturday to wit- ness the first meeting of the above clubs. The War- ringtonians were without the services of their captain, iDr. R. Smith, and the team was placed under the super- vision of Mr. J. Crosfield, who was unfortunate in the spin of the coin, Oldham winning the toss and electing to bat. Score and bowling analysis : OLDHAM. WARRINGTON. i3f Wood b Crosfield 0 .33 Crosfield b Smith 29 G M Swailes b Connor 6 Lieut. PI ,mer 0 Sinkin- Smith b Crosfield T Wildman c Clark b J. Callon lbw b Smith..., 39 Connor W Langham e Plomer b E Connor b Longhorn Crosfield 0 W Wordsworth b Lang- • 1G P Sinkinson e Callon b ham 0 Cm o -field lO 0 Clarke b Blakey ...... ... 25 C B Blakey b Connor 6 B England not out I Hilton e Callon b Cros- E Woods b Wildman 6 field 1 W Chadwick not out - J Miles b Conner 6 0 Schofield b Crosfleld Extras lO Extras 7 _ Total ... 62 Total 169 BOWLING ANAL.I.SIS. OLDHAM. 0. M. R. W. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. B Oonnor J J Crosfield 0 B Blakey l3 044 2 W Longhorn T Wildman 2/ 2 0 2 Longhorn bowled a no-ball. WARRINGTON V. OLDHAM (2ND ELEVENS).—This match came off at Oldham on Saturday. Both teams placed exceptionally strong elevens in the field. Mr. Fleming was again successful with the spin, and elected to bar. Score : WARRINGTON 2ND. -OLDHAM 2ND. Adamson e & b Houghton 21 Kershaw b Crompton...... 0 Rushwrrth c Sinkinron b B Bardsley lbw b Duck- Houghton 29 Duckworth ll Hampton b Houghton 0 Mlle b Duckworth 0 Ducks, orth lbw b Bates ... 25 Dunkerley b Duckworth , 4 Crompton b Mallalieu Brown not out 56 Dirkw..rth l2 Lowe a Swailes b Dunker- Houghton b Crompton Icy Unsworth not out Bibby b Mallalieu Fleming and Ashton did Bibby 8 not bat. Sinkinson b Duckworth Mallalieu not out Extras 23 Extras l9 Total 203 Total WARRINGTON Y.M.C.A. ST. HELENS Y.M.C.A.—This match was played at Warrington, and resulted in an easy win for the Warrington Y.M.C.A. by five wickets and 33 rune. After the match, through the kindness of the president (Mr. J. Fulton Smith), tea was partaken of by the members of both clubs and friends at the Y.M.C.A. rooms. Score : ST. HELENS. WARRINGTON. Burnt' c Woods b White ... 15 A Pickton c Burull b Lowe 3 Bold c Gorst b Woods 1 White o B quit b Lowe ... 10 Forster a Farquharson b GoLgh b Lowe Woods 0 Woods b Burnt!. ......... ...... 2Z Lawe b Woods 6 Thompson not out Lamb c Woods b Wnite 3 Chadwick o Forster b Smith b Woods 0 Burull Harvey c J Picktou b Furquharson not out lO Wools 0 Gorst, J. Pickton, Page, Topping b Woods Pye b Thompson 9 Movity not our, Hargreaves b Woods 0 Extras 3 Extras Bl . Total 4O Total ...... 73 Y.M.C.A. (2ND ELEVEN) V. GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Played on the ground of the latter. Score : Y.M.C.A. 22. Grammar School, 76. HOLY TRINITY V. WIDNES ALBERTS.—Thig match took place on the Trinity ground on Saturday, and after an exciting game Trinity won by four runs. Score : WIDNES ALBERTS. HOLY TRINITY. Duffy cA b Seddon 0 Rigby c Mercer b Prltch'd 0 Martindale b Jones 2 Taylor b Hargreaves Hatton o Pemberton b Jones c Hargreaves b Seddon Hasgreaves b Jones Pritchard b Seddon ...... Sankey b Jones i Hererr c Haddock b Jones 10 greaves Vernon b %eddon Pa' is b Jones . l4 Haddock lbw b Pritchard 1 Yates b Jones Wildes not out 0 Pemberton c Martindale b Hargreaves 4 W Miter b Pritchard 4 Kendrick b Pritchard 0 Extras 3 Extras 1 Total Sr. ELMER'S (WARRINGTON) V. WINWICK.—PIaved at Dalton Bank.—St. Elphin's, who lost the toss, went in first, and put together 45 runs, which score Winwick, taking advantage of loose fielding of St. Elphin's, easily passed and won by 28 runs. Score : ST. ELPHIN'S. WIN WICK. Scarisbriek run out 3 Brutton b Barnes 0 Collin o Pcnrhyn b Warburton lbw b Barnes 0 Mathleson Maskeli b Mathi.son Hatton at Ratcliffe b Bolton 0 Pollitt b Gilbert. Barnes b Copple Sh w run out 2 Copple c Shaw b Gilbert 2 Taylor c Copula 3 Bolton Gilbert b Connie Saunders b Mathieson 0 Strew b Collin 5 Mason not out Butterworth c Poliitt b Rylance c Barnes b Fear- Copple Vardy c Gilbert b Scoria- brick Extras 2 Extras 4 _ Total 45 Total 73 HIGH LEGE V. PARR'S BANE.—Played at High Legh on Saturday. Score : HIGH LEGE. ' PARR'S BANK. Gorton e and b Sileoek 2 Darbyshire h Coling Scott b Broughall Hulme c Broughalle Darby B Silo°, kit Price b Coling 3 shire 2 M Silcoek b (Ming l4 Rev W Wayne not out , T Renshaw c Proud b Woods lbw bCi ling 3 1 Broughall . Staton b Brough all 0 Renshaw ' Doling h Bronghall l9 Banks b Co' ing 1 Price b Brougoall P Renshaw net out Sparkes awl Hancock did Horton b Coling not bat t Extras l7 Extras 6 Totrl lO9 Total 47 PETER WALKER & SON, LTD. IST V. C.L.C. ENISINFER.S. —Played on the Engineer's ground on Saturday. Scores : o L.C. ENGINEERS. PETER WALLER A SON. P Law ease Cain b Todd ... 3 J Arberb Harrison S Howard c Turner b T B Baileyrun out 4 Alien J Monks b T Allen 3 W Ashton c Harrison b J Harrison b T Allen J Hackett clc b Ashton 4 3 Bolton run out 2 B Hoc ett c Bolton b Ash- J. Cain b Monks b Harrison 7 ton 9 Walker b T Allen 5 J Tilling c Lawless b liar. ¶6 Walker b T Allen J Genders not out 0 T Allen not out 3. Forster b Ashton W Irvine run out Extras Total PETER WALKER & SON, LTD. 2ND V. OuGHTRINGTON PARK—Scores : OUGHTRiIiaTeN PARE. PETER WALKER &Sow. Brown b Milner Deane b Milner Partridge b Milner 0 M Glennon b Deane 2 av Bolt run out Brookes b Milner .19 Diamond b 0 liner Itohmer not out Swain is Milner Parris run out 0 Rohmer Leigh c Lloyd b Collins ... 2 3 Litheriand b Rohmer Pearson b Milner Partrlige J Milner b Partridge P Hall not out Extras 1 Extras 7 _ Total lO Total 74 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. PENICETE FRIEND'S SCHOOL.— This match was played on the Wire Mills ground on Saturday. The fielding on both sides, with few excep- tions was smart and clean. Score :- 1 WIRE MILLS. FRIEND'S SCHOOL. Williams c ahe?herd b Linney b Simp-on Pollard Marshall 5 Waring 0 Alldridge o Williams b Cook b Pollard 0 Hobson.. Woodcock b Pollard Evans b Pollard Simpson b Waring 9 Itob.on h Williams H bson c Linney b Waring 11 Lloyd b Warbur on 3 Bailey 6 Poll,rd Palmer b Waring Moss b Waring 0 Lowe b Warburton Warburton not out 0 Harlow b Warburton Davies not out 1 Extras 3 Extras 2 _ Total 5B Total 49

F.SELBLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BAN' Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. tvudo,:„ D-A-riALF per CE.NT. INTEREST dowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below EI.C.). STOCKS. SHARES. and ANNUITIEn Purenarred and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small Burn de poslt,and allows Interest mo nthly on each completed E BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE Fll,l TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE /MILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK., with full particulars. post fre FRANCIS DAVE NSCROFT, Manager

• /' //,./7" I/ LAWN MOWERS. LAWN MOWERS WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to tt.M. the Queen and his Roy a Highness the Prince of Wale.. GREEN'S PATENT "SILENS MESSOR" LAWN MOWERS, WIT FI IMPROVI/D WHEELS AND SID LINK STEEL C AINS NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of allothers. and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and BEST IN l'Ff E WORLD. They have stood the test for upw irds of thirty years, and have c rried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been given in all names of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either short or long grass, bents, Ac., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be return,d at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respec, able Ironmongers and Seedsmen in the United Kingdom. or direct from the Maiiufacturers. PLIOMAS Gfti,EN & SON. LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREYWORKS. BLACK FRIARS ROAD, 1 ONDnN, S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the Uni ed Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Applicaf ion. BEWARE OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments for the trade as well as others. ALL SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at liber oasts discount by ttkir Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World; or sent to any adiress for sixty stamp by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SONS London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

i'LLE GREAT REMEDY, GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain 14 quickly relieved. Sure Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box.

THIS RAZOR is . /St, made from ( 9 -yr—r, the beet Ifide,) Sheffield 'ir4•6TEEL and ground by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and if not approved when triei will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/, and 2 6 0. and Cheques, SLATER lbws.. Sheffield.

•,,,.......",,„_.../, ..... , . ... ............:,_, ...ter-, :4...5' FPji} ;''' •, - ;.!. 9 /,..,-, ',..' y, y i,' . . ' qi.0;;"'• ' '''''k.n\' 04 i ...:''S4 ' ' • 14.. ,', : „,'. „..A,, ,'"...",.' , , .:-;'. t,:,,,,,,,,,t..,T,Wfa-"kr',.,,,,_14 , ',,4)'";,i) 0,,J,... 7,,,,,11_ _4,-,:m,.1,4T,,,,_ A-.-,,,,C,,,,p.:::,,', , , I:'llslZatts., A ''. 4164iTy q,.. t , .4. -• OOTHINC, . ..„ ' - • -I) • ELIEIE ,• f sa-') I, s.\4, k, .. .., FEVERISH HEAT. \ ‘.. ‘,\j.. , ). -• , rrevett V ' 1( . ,_, ,' ..1- c...... _. r ito• Cerwuroloont it. ,•,... i _ ~,_ , ..,.... Poeserv• • ~...tt.: ' 6 a Healthy State er tilt crostaution doting Om ,- Pei.'" 91 TEEMOIC ' Jr dla " • ,„--- ...„,i4l, I cuttic- ICeitt• 4 ~ . c. ' 'AV A4VOKM,StirrOr. °.: r. . i Please Observe the E E s, - .1 I IN STEEDMAII .- ... , ..,..

POLISHING—A PLEASURE i WILL NOT STEPHENSOP FINGER 4.r.M.,.,1 MARK. .46, FURNITURE •f4•'.'efiriA CREAM. - • • • Sold by .Chemists, Grocers, and ironmongers. Sole Propmetors,STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

OMIT GOLD MEDAL Ira RARRISOII K ITTER - ---,a* KNIT Stockings ribbed or plain GLOVES and CyLOTHING in WOOL, SILK, or COTTON. INF:TWIG. T10.N4 FREE. Ii ts fcee er TRITIMNIANT AWARD et I ALI The only WISNhlt In the WORLD of 7 GOLD EITII)AL3 andlOother Honours. iiLiSON ENITTING MA.' 'BIN E Co. Ltd. 4( Works; 48, Upper Brook St., Manchuster.

T° WEAK MON suff,-ring from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weakness. Lost Manhood, Drivel Pains in the 13 sck, D ceases, Ac. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of e`iarge. & splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and deblitated —Address Messrs. WILK• NSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINiON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the cas Can be obtained direct.

Otosf NATURE'S es2.o* REMEDY. For the cure of Nervous Debility, Lost Manbood,Youtis• ful Imprudence, Dimness of Sight, Nervous Diseases of every form, Liver Complaint!, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. Write to W. ROSS, ESQ., 7 BRISTOL GARDENS, EAST BRIGHTON, SUSSEX (enclosing 14. stamp for postage), for this Great Herbal Prescription, which cured him Oar sang suers' ruffering. (Name this Pager.)

A HELPING HAND is extended to *all sufferers from Nervous Debility, the Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, t;t't twi Weakness Dimness of Sight, Bladder,-ravel. ney. , Liver Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. .4 Minister is in posers,imt f u GUARANTEED REM 1 , TIIF. Cat:AT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION, wh eh loan cared many thomminis of sufferers fram these fatal disanSe.,, and he will seed it Free of Charge on temoi tot of Id stamp for postage. Write to the REV. DAVi I. Ray Vdla, St. Ann's Ciescent, Lewes. Name

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS Ica Females, quickly ,orrect all irregularities, remove al obstruct' ns. and reeeve the distressing sytnotons. so preys ent with the s Rises s. ltd. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent answhere on receipt of lb or 34 stem' s hy the sneker, T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottlnglism. Beware f imitations.

..„ --FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINIC PILLS are sale and pleasant cure ; sent free from •), OAb semrasra,tieolrliouosnmeraeixpo orfeduPc.ion. feoxrc2:le .6. .44 4%, fat and impruving the complexion.'—E, - CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street Lmidon.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS MARVELLOUS FEMALE'REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a memb T of the Royal College of Surgeons af England) will forward, free of Charge. full PARTICULARS Of a REMEDY. whib duriug an extensive practice, both at hom and in the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBS rINATE CASKS of tat iTtsUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send ad ~ressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no mOte time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remelies. Ac.. which, In the majority of cases, are noth ng but PUR- GATIVES. and cause SIt:KN INS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed : D. COLLINS, Gothic: House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverporl

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM,. SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULORRS, 0 L .OAD LEGS, SPRAINS. BitONCHILIS, SORE THUG& C. (CROYDON, England.) NEURALGIA, Au. " BOTTLES, 80., ls. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned it not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent 3, 11. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY LI MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (uttrual and external), Price 45. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (Isi Methuen) 32, Drrinsgate, Mrinelletter. Advice free,

FRANCIS MORTON ANDICOM PANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. invite Inquiries and Reference to then NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon .to meet extended requirements, and complete informs. tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Magsions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, . FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. tke HURDLES NETTING kND AND TREE GUARDS IWIRE WORK, cIoNTINTTOILTS BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints ..ONDON OFFICE : 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster

LADIES' BEST FRIEND. - LADIES I Marrie 1 or Sitgle Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. post tree. HANDY sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor- mation cf never-failing remedies for all Irregularities and Obstractions. obsti- ILLUSTRATED nate or long-standing. The only eft 3ctual remedy that does not contain poisonous , or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the G IDE. meet delicate. U I MADAUE A. E. LILLY, COLSTON-STREET, iBRISTOL.

THE BEST SOAP FOR SPRING CLEANING , „ H AP. D WPCI'ER . ' Bs FRFT:tAr,r, Ik ' " 13' DF el-1., 'OETTNE VATIIPERRIF - ' VIA 7E- ' - -,-....rf:., wAT illak,imift-R-- - '-:- ~ .., 7<hp rt io,.> , . H , ,1 , A :.;,' I, ' v ,k, ; - LESS .CLEA . - Af - " i''t; THE SOFAP FOR •c'4)7" SALE ot lIL TABLOS "A ct COISDIa /I OT WATER . 'WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 6oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 120 Z. ~ ~ 2id. to aid. It

A GOOD FAMILY RIEDICINE CNESTS WITH a prudent use, has saved many a ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take seine good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. COC K E 5 s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILious OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. pI LLsa For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGTION, &c.

PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, deo.

PURE IRISH LINEN.

IMPAIRED DIGESTION DISORDERED LIVET-IL and FEMALE A;i:LMM\TTS,

JL_ Is A:" ~,,., ~ very stcacious ft A-7-: Horses in ma7fie3l UEu2To.. Ow...ltem& ..11,3e. Ike. \ \ , •4,e) •,-"K''• • ....,'1,.. • 1.. 2/ rep 0 t, UMtNN . 135.: •,. SLOUGH t........S_NCLAN ELLThigs*. • MANY.

U_Ll JiIIVERSAL EMBROCATION liii f ,o, 4,,,,,:if, EUMATISM i lE. sploitz I.R, U 0 . umi 57. : 3 it V \ ,41 CHEST COLDS. re 11 I 14,,, .. ' . - , '',..• / ....04' .11r It i • 1 .‘ ' °IP • ( 1 • f' • . • _ ri-- I . i ' (.' .e." /•:, 71 ' ------; - ',L- - \ 1 %i"-------IT Preparea alb Ce° Iviiit. ME. NONL! lIYEITIVIAN 01\15 &61 lj SLOUCH ENGLAND. ..
